the lion king working draft of : August 20 , 1993 written by irene mecchi & Jonathan Roberts cc Music by elton John lyric by Tim Rice in darkness : a Native African voice call out in song . fade in : Dawn . the sun slowly rise over a African plain -- full , brilliant . . Native African voice respond in song . the solo voice . continue , join by the group . animal - alert to the sound : a rhino , topis , meercat , a cheetah , several marabou stork . another marabou stork enter frame . intro song : '' the circle of life " | close on { 1 the stork take wing . ext . victoria fall the rise . sun light the cascade water . the marabou stork fly across frame . ext . plain with kilimanjaro in 8.g. elephant walk along through the morning mist . aerial shot - a river flock of airborne flamingoes cast ' shadow on the meander waterway , below . a gazelle , leap and run across a gragey plain . ext . .a hill a mother giraffe.. crest the hill , follow by she baby , as the song lyric begin : | : voice ( sing ) fromthe < day we arrive on the planet and blinking step into the SUN there 's more to see than can ever be see more - to do than can ever be do the mother and child giraffe cross frame and reach a crest that overlook a huge migration of animal . they lope down the hill to join they . we hold on : a tree branch where ant carry leave march across . rack focus to reveal : zebras ' : ' below -- trot in the same direction as the rest of the herd . down shot - guinea fowl waddle toward we ... as dust reveal : A. huge elephant who crest a incline and lumber toward we ... the guinea fowl . scamper ahead . one be almost step on by the elephant 's huge hoof . ext . a stream reflect the morning sun . the reflection be shattered by ! zebra who leap into the water and cross - cause a explosion of shimmer droplet . in the b.g. , a elephant with bird perch on its head and tusk give they safe passage across the stream . pan to see ' the animal get out . of the stream and join a screenful of animal , all walk in the same direction . voice ( cont ’d ) there 's far too much to fake in here . more to find than ever be found | - but the SUN rolling high through the sapphire sky keep great and SMALL on the '' endless " round | the light change . pan to reveal : ext . pride rock - continuous a impressive mountain : with many plateaus , level and | - texture , it stand : - castle -like : in : the ' centerof . the : pride | land . voice ( cont ’d ) it 's the circle of life and it move US all through despair . and hope through faith and love on a path unwinding till we find our place in the circle the circle of life aerial shot - continuous we track in with a hornbill ( zazu ) who fly over the gather animais and angle up , up , up to the promontory . he land and bow regally to a 0 . S. character . he gesture with he wing , indicate that all be ready ... and reverently back away . angle - mufasa the rise sun light this regal , commanding lion ( mufasa ) ~- who acknowledge Zazu with a warm nod . reverse angle below , the animal be collect ina natural amphitheater . with mufasa surveying the situation . with the animal al ? : gourd and on the top of a walk stick make they wa : through the crowd . a old baboon ( rafiki ) 's -~ who carry the walk stick -- hobby out from the crowd , toward pride rock . ' there be mystery and humor to this old fellow as he amble forward and scale the cliff . exel . edge of plateau , above c°- rafiki 's head pop up . he anble «o a stand position , go right to . mufasa and give hima hug . mufasa beam . ' this guy obviously go way back . they turn and look at : a .lioness : ( sarabi ) who. have she newborn cub ( simba ) nestle at she foot . full shot mufasa lovingly nuzzle sarabi . then he nuzzle the little cub . , music under : angle ~ the cub rafiki look at he . he shake a gourd on he walk stick over simba and they rattle . he crack a gourd open and smear . some goo on the little - guy 's forehead . he take a handful of dirt and sprinkle it over simba . simba sneeze . mufasa and sarabi , dote parent , think this be adorable . : rafiki ever - so-carefully lift simba and carry hin to the promontory of pride rock . he hold the cub up for all to see . the animal react with glee : elephant trumpet ; monkey applaud and do somersault ; zebras stomp . the . sky a shaft of sunlight shine down through the cloud on the future king . the animal bow and genuflect grandly . . summit of pride rock rafiki hold the cub high . mufasa and sarabi watch . > voice ( cont ’d ) - it 's the circle of life and it move US all ~ . through despair and hope through '' faith and love\__ . on.a : path unwinding ( " '' , till we find our place - in the circle the circle of life music out . fade out title credit : '' the lion king " seq . 1.2 ( scar , zazu , mupasa ) fade in : a rock surface - a short time later a chameleon blend in with its terrain . its eye shift . it walk away . pan down the rock to reveal a shadow ... then a dark crevice . darkness two little eye dart erratically across frame . as b.g. become lighter , we realize that the eye belong to a field mouse . ext . shade tree area ~ continuous as the field mouse scamper , a huge lion paw thud into frame and trap the mouse in its jail~like claw ... pull back to reveal : scar , a thin , angular lion with a attitude problem . he gingerly lift the mouse by its tail and dangle it over he gape mouth , Rather than eat the mouse , scar roll it through he paw the way a gambler - rolis a coin . scar ' 7 life 's not fair . es -- you see , I - shall never be king . and you shall never see anothef day . adieu . eine as scar . be about , to eat the mouse , he hear : zazu ( 0.s. ) do not you mother ever tell you not to play with you food ? ~ . scar oh ; Zazu . '' what do you want ? reveal Zazu , the hornbill we meet in the open scene . Zazu blend regal with ironic edge . he revere he boss ( King mufasa ) and disdain anyone he perceive to be a low - life cretin -- which be pretty much everybody but the King . zazu I be here to announce that King mufasa 's on he way . and you would better have a good excuse for miss the ceremony this morning . the little mouse escape to freedom . scar ( mock sad ) now look , Zazu . you have make I lose my . lunch . zazu you will lose more than that when the king get through with you . he 's as mad as a hippo with a hernia . scar , lick he chop , advance on Zazu -- who back away . scar - oco0e . I quiver with fear . zazu now , scar -- do not look at I that way . be ae not ue scar continue stalking . zazu ( cont ’d ) ~~. help ! t¥ scar catch Zazu in he mouth . and chomp he tooth shut . mufasa enter , have witness what scar just do . - mufasa for * ( admonish ) 7 sear ! . _ scar , surprised , and with a bird bulge in he : mouth : scar hmmm ? ' with that , Zazu 's beak poke . out from scar 's lip . it look like the mouth- within-a- mouth in '' alien . * " zazun beak impeccabie timing , you majesty . mufasa ( to a disobedient puppy ) Drop hin ! scar orelease Zazu ) } plegh ! Zazu tumble to the ground and shake off . scar ( to mufasa ) . why if it be not my big brother , descend from on high to mingle among the commoner . mufasa sarabi and I do not see you at the presentation of simba. ( genuine ) be anything wrong ? scar ( insincere ) that be today ? oh , I feel simply awful . must have slip my mind . zazu yes , well as slippery as you mind be -- as the king 's brother , you should have be first in line . scar nip at Zazu -- who evade hin . scaR I be first in line until the little hairball be bear . > mufasa - that hairball be my son and you future king . '' scar cf ~ N i. shall . practice my '' eurtsy . scar abruptly turn to walk away . mufasa call after hin : mufasa . do not turn you back on I , scar ! sear reel back around . scar oh , no , mufasa . perhaps you should not turn you back on I . mufasa be that a challenge ? Zazu duck behind a rock . . scar ( point ) temper-temper . ( butter would not melt ) . a challenge ? oh , I would not dream of it . Zazu hop forward . zazu pity . ( a. beat ) why not ? scar well , as far as brain go , I get the lion 's share . but when it come to brute strength , I be afraid I be in the shallow end of the gene pool . scar slink away . Zazu and mufasa watch he leave . zazu there 's one in every family , sire . two in mine , actually . and they always manage to ruin special occasion . as they walk off : v mufasa - what be I go to do with hin ? zazu he no make a very handsome throw rug. as ( good..idea ) Zazu ! zazu and just think . whenever he get dirty , you can take hin out and beat hin . time dissolve to : - seq . 3 : ( day with dad ) time passage montage a acacia tree ~ day glimmer in the sunlight ... then darken as the sky cloud over . it start to rain . a flat plain rain drench the land . lightning flash . distant mountain the storm move over the hilis and plain , casting shadow . dissolve . to : ext . pride rock -— pre~dawn -— month later in the distance , pride rock in its pre-dawn splendor . simba , now a full - grow cub , trot into : int .. royal cave -— continuous sfx : snoring simba , barely able to contain he excitement , bound over to he sleep parent , bump affectionately against he father . simba hey , dad . wake up ! dad ! mufasa do not respond . simba press on , nudging he dad . he tug on mufasa 's ear -- and fall off , landing with a '' oorri " simba 's ( cont ? D ) dad-dad-dad-dag-dad-dad - dad. ae sarabi you son be awake . mufasa before sunrise , he 's you son . simba pull on mufasa 's tail and get gently swat out of frame . he run in and head butt mufasa : '' simba you promise ! t mufasa pop open one eye . 10 mufasa okay , okay . I be up . I be up . simba all-right ! simba trot off . mufasa immediately exhales into sleep . sarabi clear her throat and nudge mufasa . sarabi hon-ey ... '' she nudge he hard . his eye pop open . mupasa okay ! okay ! pride rock long shot - minute later simba exit the cave , follow by he parent . he trot ahead ... then run back to he mother . sarabi gently nuzzy he and give he a little push on he way . sarabi watch proudly as mufasa and simba head up pride rock . ext . pride rock - continuous mufasa and simba look out over the pride land as the sun crest the far horizon , shoot yellow beam across the vast expanse . 's mufasa ~ simba , look : everything the light touch be we kingdon . simba 's eye follow the horizon and grow wide . simba wow . . as . simba move around ' the platesu to survey he kingdom , '' we see the vista he see . ) fasa { v.0 . ) a king 's time as ruler rise and fall like the sun . one day the sun will set on my time here and wili rise with you as the new king . simba and this will all be mine ? mufasa everything . 11 simba ( in awe ) everything the light touch . ( scan horizon ) what about that shadowy place ? mufasa that 's beyond we border . you must never go there , simba . simba but I think a king can do whatever he want . mufasa there 's a lot more to be king than get you way all the time . ' mufasa exit the shot . simba follow . simba ( wide - eye ) there 's more ? mupasa ( cautionary ) well , simba ... pride rock - vista shot mufasa and simba be dot on the horizon .. they look out at the land in harmony . antelope leap and move along . with simba and mufasa simba be amaze and impressed by all that he see around hin . le mufasa ( v.o . ) '' - everything you see exist together in - a delicate balance . as king you need to understand ' that balance and respect all the creature -- from the crawl ant '' to the leaping antelope . simba but , dad , do not we eat the antelope ? mufasa yes , simba . but let I explain . li mupasa ( cont ‘d ) ( then : ) when we die , we body become the grass , and the antelope eat the grass . and so we be all connect in the great Circle of life . simba consider this . Zazu flap ' in and land on a nearby rock . seq . 3.1 . ( pouncing ) : zazu good morning , sire ! mufasa good norn , Zazu . zazu check in with the morning report . mufasa Fire away ! mufasa nod to Zazu to begin . simba could not care less ; he eye a pass butterfly and lope after it . zazu ' the buzz from the bee be that , well -- the leopard be in a bit of a spot ... simba pounce toward the butterfly -~ and miss . mufasa notice , but Zazu drone on . ~ mufasa {to Zazu ) oh , really ? zazu ( 0.s. ) the baboon be go ape . of course . mufasa notice simba 's leap for the insect -- and niss . mufasa ( whisper ) what be you do , son ? simba pounce . mufasa let a old pro show you how it 's do . of zazu ( 0.s. ) the tick bird be pick on the elephant . I tell the elephant to forget it , but they can not . mufasa . Zazu , would you turn around ? zazu ( turn around ) yes , sire. ( press on ) the cheetah be hard up , but as I always say ... mufasa ( whisper , to simba ) stay low to the ground . zazu --eCheetah never prosper . simba ( to himself ) okay , stay low to the ground . right , yeah . 2 azu uh -- what 's go on ? mufasa a pounce lesson . zazu ( auto pilot ) oh . very good . pounce ! ( realize ) pounce ? oh , no , fitg . you cant be serious ! no mufasa gesture to Zazu to turn back around . while Zazu prattles on , mufasa instruct he son : zazucont ’d ) ( grumble ) > this be so humiliate . mufasa ( whisper to simba ) try not to make a sound . simba make he way steaithily toward Zazu . 14 zazu what be you tell he , mufasa ?... mufasa ?... simba ? simba fly through the air and hit he target . zazu aaaaaakkk ! mufasa laugh . Zazu dust himself off . mufasa ha-ha-ha . that 's very good ! a mole pop up from a hole in the ground . mole . Zazu ! zazu yes ? mole News from the underground ! he whisper " bzz2 - bzzz-b2zz ... " in Zazu 's ear . mufasa ( to simba ) now next time ... zazu ( to mufasa ~ sire -- hyenas ! N mn the pride iand ! mufasa ( exite ) ~ Zazu , take simba home . simba aw , dad , a not I come ? mufasa no , son . mufasa run off . with simba and zazu simba I never get to go anywhere . zazu fr oh , Young master , one day you will '@ : be king . then you can do whatever you want . simba that 's not what my dad tell I . zazu well , let old Zazu set you straight . you be go to have it all . you will be -- head honcho !... top banana ! '' ++ the grahhhhnd fromage ... simba ( pump up ) all-right ! seq . 4 ( simba / scar ) '' ext . scar 's sunning area ~ minute later scar walk along a cliff 's edge . he kick a small rock off . simba , pump up by Zazu 's speech , run into frame . _ simba hey , uncle scar ! guess what ? scar I despise guess game . simba ( undaunted ) 7 I be gonna be king of pride rock ! scar ( underwhelm ) oh goodie . simba 3 my dad just show I the whole kingdom ! and I be gonna rule it all ! > . scar ly yes . well , forgive not for not leaping for joy . bad back , you know . sear flop down and roll away from simba . but the undaunted cub come back for more . simba hey , uncle scar , when I be king , what will that make you ? scar put scar a monkey an uncle . simba ( laugh ) you be so weird . scar you have no idea . ( a beat ) so. you father show you the whole kingdom , do he ? simba everything ! scar he do not show you what 's beyond that rise at the northern border ? simba well , no. ( miff ) he say I can not go there . scar and he 's absolutely right . it 's far too dangerous . only the bravest of lion go there . simba ( defensive ) well , I be brave . what 's out there ? scar I be sorry , simba , I just can not tell - you . simba why not ? he massive paw gently on simba 's head . simba , simba . I '' only look out for . the well - be of my favorite nephew . eee simba squirm free . simba yeah , right . I be you only nephew . 17 scar all the. more reason for I to be protective . a elephant graveyard be no place for a young prince . ( a beat ) oop . simba a elephant what ? ( awed ) '' whoa ! scar oh dear , I have say too much ... I suppose you have have find out sconer . or later . you be so clever and all . just do I one favor ? promise mé you will never visit that dreadful place . scar hug simba tight . simba no problen . , scar -' | ly there 's a good ide . you run along ( a now . and have fun . scar give simba a littie boot to start he on he way . then he call to simba : '' scar ( cont ‘d ) and remember : it 's we little secret . seq . 4.1 ( simba / nala ) ext . a shelter . area of pride rock - minute later lioness lounge in the shade . sarabi be : nearby on a small rock . we find a cute little cub , . nala , be give a bath ( a cat kind of bath ) by she mom , sarafina . nala be not enjoy the experience - as she mother 's tongue more or less rearrange she face . simba trot in . simba hey , nala ! of nala ( es ( flatly ) ae hi , simba . simba come on ! I just hear about this great place ! nala I be kind of in the middle of a bath . sarabi ( 0.s. ) ° and it 's time for yours . sarabi pick up simba by the scruff and lift he up - to the ledge she be on . she start to lick / bathe he . he protest . simba mo-on ! he try to wriggle free . sarabi would you hold still ? simba Mom , you be mess up my mane ! sarabi continue to bathe he , cat~style . he react . simba ~ cont ’d ) eww ... yuck ! . ( 7 the he wriggle free and fall off to the ground below . he stand up and give himself a quick clean - up once - over , finish up with he arnpit . i : / csim ba = okay , okay . -' I be clean . { then ) can we go now ? . nala where be we go , anyway ? it better not be any place lame . simba no , it 's really cool . sarabi so where be this " really cool * place ? simba oh ... ( iying ) around the waterhole . 13s nala ( canimpress ) the waterhole ? what 's so great about the waterhole ...? try to make she take the bait ... simba ( through tooth ) , I x11 show you when we get there . nala ( get it ) ( to sarafina ) Mom , can I go ? sarafina look to sarabi for the verdict . sarafina I do not know . sarabi , what do you think ? sarabi well ... cop simba / nala oo ( through cheesy '' grin ) pleeeez ? : sarap ) / : it 's alright with I ... simba and nala make a break for it . '' " '' sarabi . ( cont ’d ) as long 4 &8 Zazu go with you . simba and nala freeze in they track , crestfailen . : simba not Zazu . dissolve to : seq . 4.2 . ( " can't wait to be king " ) ext . a plain - a short time later . Zazu flap on ahead of the two cub , call back : f. zazu cy step lively ! the sooner we get to nae the waterhole , the sooner we can leave ! with simba and nala nala so where nre we really goin 's ? simba ( on the q.t. ) a elephant graveyard . nala wow ! simba shhhh .. ( indicate ) Zazu ... nala right . how be we gonna ditch the dodo ? simba raise an. eyebrow , then grin and lean in to huddle . we hear the sound of they conspiratorial whispering : Zazu see they tete - a- tete and fly to they . zazu just look at you two ! Little seed ~ of romance blossoming in the savannah ! you parent will be - thrilled . what with you be betrothed and all . un simba : be-what ? zazu you and nala be betrothed ! intend ! affiance ! simba and nala look at each other , shrugging a . " huh ? " nala meaning ...? zazu one day you two be go to be marry ! 21 simba I be gonna marry she ? zazu no -- ge . yes '' she , " you chuckleheade little oik . simba yuck ! nala eeuwww ! simba I can not marry she . she 's my friend . nala yeah . it have be too weird . simba yeah . porget it . we do not have to get marry if we do not want to . ( to nala ) deal ? nala deal ! zazu sorry to bust you bubble , but you two turtle dove have no choice . it 's a tradition go back generation . rf simpa * " well , when I be king , that will be the first thing to go . '' zazu not so rengias I be around . - ' simba | in that case , you be fire . zaazu Nice try . but only the king can do that . nala well , he 's the future king . simba so you have to do what I tell you ! 2 : zazu not yet ' I do not , you puny puff of pre-pubescent fuzz . and with a attitude like that , I be afraid you will be a pretty pathetic king , indeed ! simba not the way I see it ! song : " I just can ‘’t wait to be king " , simba pounce Zazu playfully : simba I ’m gonna be a mighty king so enemies beware ! Zazu jump backwards up onto a log and fall into & knot - hole . zazu I 've never see a king . of beast with quite so little hair Zazu pluck a hair from simba 's nonexistent mane . simba 's head pop through a leafy bush . . simba I ’m gonna be the mane event like no king be before I ’m brush up on looking down , eae working on my roar he roar in Zazu 's face -- in the process , blow / spitting in Zazu 's eye . Zazu grab for gomethe to blow he nose in , unaware he 's tug a elephant 's ear : 7 on thus far a rather en thing the elephant : use he trunk like a golf club and knock Zazu out of frame . . he bounce across a stream -- like a skip stone . a reflection of fliamingoe shatter and the bird burst into flight . simba and nala race in . simba oh I just can't wait to be king ! Zazu wade through , hold up he feather like and old aunt hold up she skirt at the beach . zazu ( talk ) you have rather a long way to go , young master , if you think I be go to stand by while you run around like 'a snot -nose ... simba and nala trade off make face behind Zazu 's back -- when Zazu turn to look at one , the other be make the rude face . he finally catch they in the act . they run circle around the old bird and leave he behind in a puddle . simba ( sing ) zazu .. ( speak ) no - one saying do this - when I say that I - no-one saying be there - what I mean be . that the - no - one : saying stop : that ~ what you do not realise be that sometimes - no - one saying see here - now see here ! free to run around all day - that 's definitely out - free to . do it all my way Zazu duck to avoid a ostrich run through frame . simba and nala ride ostrich that run away from Zazu . he fly off , reach the ostrich - riding cub , and while fly backwards , talk in they face : zazu0 : I think it 's time that you and I arranged a heart to heart he crash into a rhino rump and be flatten . the kid race by : nala wy king don ’t need advice from little hornbills for a start . Zazu fall to the ground and sit ona little perch -~ unaware that he be . float on .a log down a stream ... head for a-waterfail : oo zazu if this be where the monarchy be head , count I out of service , out of africa , I wouldn ’t hang about Zazu disappear over the waterfall . he fly back up , irk : zazu this child be getting wildly out of wing Zebra stripe fill the screen . simba oh I just can ’t wait to be king ! 24 simba and nala be salute by two . line of Zebras . Zazu come flap after they , and the Zebras and trap hin between they leg . simba and nala zip in and out of animal 's leg . _ Zazu try to catch they . they head pop in and out from behind leg . simba stand on a giraffe 's head . he order the animal . they obey . Zazu get catch underfoot . simba : ( sing ) zazu ( scream ) everybody look left - aaaaaaa ... eek everybody look right - coooo ... ow everywhere you look I 'm ... giraffes stand in a semi-circle . simba step from head to head ~~ like he 's move across step stone . now it 's a cacophony of animal movement , ali building African " bushy " berkley style - until Zazu get catch between two animal 's rear end . simba ( sing ) zazu ( scream ) stand in the spotlight not yet ! simba whisper to a hippo , who whisper to a giraffe , who whisper to a. monkey : simba Ditch the dodo . Zazu get nab by the monkey , and take he up into a tree . alligator open they mouth , revealing , the bird inside be sing . : 9 t- c.fa animal chorus . *. ; let ' every creature go for broke and sing letus hear it in the herd and . on the wing - it 's. gonna be king simbam finest fling giraffes toss simba and nala into the air " Beach blanket ' bingo*®-style . Zazu be be hold captive by a monkey fanily . simba and nala be at the top of a n'40s - style sculpture stack of animal . poor Zazu be support the whole mass . he can not balance any longer . the sculpture start to wabble -- send simba and nala fly . simba oh I just can not wait to be king ! ( ae : 25 finally free of Zazu , simba and nala make they break for it ... as the tower of animais tumble . . simba oh I just can ’t wait to be king ! all that remain be one very plump rhino . from below it we hear : zazu ( v.0 . ) I beg you pardon , madam . get off ! ( meekly ) simba ?... nala ? seq . 5 ( hyena chase ) ext . top of.a ridge ~ day simba and nala run in laughing at they success . they be jubilant . simba all~-right ! it work ! we lose he ! they " High five " each other . . simba —. I be a genius ! nala hey , genius -- it be my idea ! simba yeah , but I pull it off ! t nala with I . . simba oh yeah ?! simba . playfully leap for nala and they tussle . she flip he . he land with a thud ! on he back and | try to get up , but nala hold he there a beat ... nala pin ya ! simba hey , let I up : 2 she do . he try to flip she . she flip he again -- and they tumble down the hil} until ... ext . elephant graveyard -— continuous nala land on top of simba . nala pin ya again ! they be suddenly interrupt by geothermic steam plume . both gasp ! the steam clear , revealing : a elephant skull huge , terrifying . simba and nala both let out gasp . of joy . both whoooa ! simba ' this be it ! we make it ! nala ( impressed ) wow ! it 's really creepy . '' simba yeah . be not it great ?! " nala ( conspiratorial ) we could get in big trouble . simba -~ ( gleeful ) — .'4 - I know . nala . I wonder if its brain be still in there . cy ! simba c’mon , let 's go check it out . simba be about to climb in one of the eye socket . Zazu swoops in to chide : be 27 zazu wrong , my little reyal pain . the only check - out you will do will be to check out of here . simba oh , man ... zazu we be way beyond the boundary of the pride land . simba look . banana - beak be scared ! zazu it 's mister banana - beak to you , puzzy . ( sternly ) and right . now we be all in very real danger . simba ( bravado ) danger ? ha ! I walk on the wild side . I laugh in the face of danger . . ( swagger ) ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! from inside the skull ( and much louder ) , hideous hyena laughing follow rapid-fire : ~ hyena voice hee~hee-hee-hee-hee ! !! simba , nala and Zazu react to the sound ... then the sight of ' yhree '' hyenas .. slinking oozily out of the skull 's eye : banzai , a male '' hyena ; shenzi , a female hyena ; and a third hyena , ed -~ who do not .. speak but just laugh .- ( he 's the harpo of hyenas ) ' they be three punk who . get trip up in they own laugh . ' they slink 's around : the cub . shenzi - well , . well , well , banzai . - what have we get here hmmm ... I do not know , shenzi . what do you think , Ed ? Ed laugh he signature laugh . ed * hee-hee -hee . 28 “e just what I be thinkin’ . a trio of — . trespasper . zazu and quite by accident , let I assure you . a simple navigational error . Zazu start to fly , to lead the cub to safety , but shenzi slap at Zazu 's tailfeather , pin he to the : ground . shenzi whoa-whoa ... wait , wait , wait . we be not be properly introduce . freeing he tailfeather : zazu ( proudly ) I , madam , be the king 's wajordomo . shenzi whoo -weee ! a Major dumbo ! banzai ~ , ( circle simba ) ell and that would make you ... simba ( puffed up ) the future king . royally mock he : > banzai / shenzi qoo000...o00000 ... king ! shenzi then I guess we have to give you the - royal treatment ! a : a 4 simba y i. puh . you can not do anything to I . er ... technically , they can . we be on they land so ‘ay simba ( to Zazu ) but they sneak onto we land all the time ! 29 simba ( cont 'd ) ( to hyenas ) my dad tell I about you . you be nothing but slobbering , mangy , stupid poacher ! zazu ( whisper ) ix - nay on the oopid-stay . banzail hey ! who you callin’ " oopid-stay " ? zazu oh , my-my -my . look at the sun . time to go . fhe hyenas block Zazu , nala and simba , then circle , lick they chop . shenzi ( suddenly folksy ) what 's the hurry ? we have love you to stick around for dinner . banzai ay . yeah . we could have whatever 's 'o yo ulion around . i ( amused ) get it ? lion around ! ( laugh ) '' heh-heh -heh . ed T heh-heh - heh - heh - heh - ~heh . banzai . oh , man ! - I do not know when the last time be I have lion cubs} - . ~ be - banzai grab simba 's tail . ed. go to bite it , but simba slap he away . to ct simba ; >. hey ! not shenzi '' ~ wait -wait - wait ! I be have the lion cub . while the hyenas be wrap up in they argument , simba , nala and Zazu sneak away , unnotice ... banzal you will not . you can have the bird . a ae Ed notice the exit and frantically try to get banzai and shenzi 's attention . shenzi do not you give I the bird ! banzai alright < alright ! we will split the bird . but I get the wing . shenzi oh , sure . and J get stick with the bill . Ed be between they , act out the exit of simba et al , vocalize like a dog whimper . uh-uh-uh-uh-uh - banzai okay -- we will split the bill . he as. in shenzi 's face , try to get she attention : ed uh-uh-uh-uh-ub - shenzi - ( to Ed ) what ??? banzi. see the flee trio . banzai hey ! do we order this dinner to - go ? - ole shenzi -. no . why ? C : " Cause ene buss | sure enough , we three be some distance away , beat a hasty retreat . shenzi get an ! the hyenas chase they dinner . with the cub racing from they pursuer . simba notice Zazu be not with then . : { nala do we lose ‘em ? simba where 's Zazu ? with the hyenas laughing , hold Zazu by he wing , like he 's a puppet march toward a thermal vent : banzai so the little majordomo bird hippity - hop all the way to the birdie boiler . 2 azu ( panicked ) oh , no !. not the birdie boiler ! zoom ! a plume of stean launch Zazu out of frame . he scream : of 2 a2u aaaaaaa ! shen2 zi bye-bye , birdie ! hyenas - hee-hee ~hee - hee-hee~hee -hee ! simba call to they : - simba , why do not you pick on noneboty you own size ! shenzt great idea ! 4 - ( alt : \- if you insist > Dead on . yeah . you ! } simba oops ! | rad 3 : with simba and nala running . a thermal vent shoot up like a curtain . the cub put on the brake . then the hyena trio appear . : shenzi / banzai / ed ( together ) boo ! : the cub scramble away , run toward : a huge elephant skull they scale it . it be very slippery . they can not get foot . the cub fall off and slide down in a long , long , long spine that hang down a steep incline . simba / nala ( scream ) aaaaaaaa ! the cub land in a bone pile . they dash up a hill cover in bone . top ' of hill _ nala slip . she can not gain she foot . she panic . nala simba ! help I ! simba run and swipe shenzi . she see red no yowls : shenzi .7 : owww ! . she chase after simba . sy the cub ) race along . they path be block : angle - a dead end the cub 's only option be to climb a elephant carcass . as they do , the dry bone give way . simba and nala fall . the rib cage snap down , imprison they behind bone bar . the hyenas menace toward they , laughing . simba and nala tremble in fear . banzai ( wild laugh ) ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha - ( then ; coldly ) here , kitty -kitty -kitty . .- simba muster all he courage and try to roar . all that come out be a pathetic squeak . simba rrerr ...? shenzi ( mock ) that be it ? ( laugh ) ah-ha-ha-ha . do it again ! come on . the hyenas laugh menacingly . simba try desperately to roar again , but all that come cut be : simba rr. oe his meek ' Little ' errre suddenly explode in a o.s. : a lion nos voice ( 0.s. ) roar ! the hyenas freeze . - . shenzi & banzai huh ? : wham ! a huge lion paw weep into frame , send the hyenas fly . reveal mufasa . ' the hyenas cower . ; - shenzi ow ! mye ouch ! CO panzaz hey ! ceispn ! ouch ! stop ! please ! mufasa silence ! ( a beat ) if you ever come near my son again ... shenzi Son ? Son ? this be you son ? oh , man , we do not know . shenzi ( cont ’d ) ( to banzai ) do you know that ? banzai me? no. do you ? shenzi ( exasperate ) no . of course not . they both turn to Ed : banzai / shenzi ( together ) ea ? Ed nod " yes " and we hear : sfx : the rattle of ed 's brain . he be interrupt by mufasa . mufasa roar ! banzai tocdle ! the hyenas . run off , yip ~ yip -yip -yipping . simba dad ... I ... mufasa you deliberately disobey I ! simba dad , I be ... I be sorry . mufasa ( fume ) . let 's go home . ny , mufasa lead the way , Zazu flap behind he . pan to reveal : simba follow , hangdog . - nala be with he and shoot he a * it 's okay " look , add : no ( whisper ) - I think you be very brave . . he just continue on , he head drooped . angle - a rocky ledge above they reveal scar 's shadow . he 's take this all in . it turn away and slink out of frane . '' : seq . 6 ( simba & dad ) ext . pride land — sunset mufasa walk ahead , lead simba , Zazu and nala home . simba have a deject look as he try to keep up . mufasa ( 0.s. ) ( sternly ) Zazu ! Zazu flap . forward to the king . with mufasa and zazu zazu sire , I feel simply awful about this ... ( a beat ) although I must point out that babysit ... mufasa ( interrupt ) it be not you fault . zazu «-eis not part of my ... I beg pardon ? mufasa I say , it be not you fault . ~ zazu ( take aback ) oh. well . yes . of course . ' asa Zazu ! ' take - nala home . I have to teach ny soa lesson . simba hear this and sink into the grass . with zazu and mufasa zazu very good , sire . Zazu nod and fly to the cub . 3 with zazu and the cub zazu . come , nala. ( to simba ) simba ... very stiff-upper-lip : zazu . ( cont ’d ) - ( raf Commander ) good luck . Zazu and nala take off . simba do not move . mufasa ( call ) simba ! simba edging closer to he father . his little paw land in one of . the enormous paw print mufasa leave . his be dwarf by mufasa 's immense print . with . simba and mufasa '' ' simba sit beside he : dad . mufasa simba , I be very disappointed in . you .. simba I know . I be sorry . ~ mufasa ( sternly ) you could have be kill ! and what 's worse , you put nala in danger ! 7 - mufasa ' turn to see the little cub cower in . fear . simba start to cry as he speak : simba `s . iiwas just try , to be brave , like you . mufasa I be only brave when I have to he . simba ... ( soften ) be brave do not mean you go leok for trouble . simba '' but you be not scared of anything . mufasa I be , today . simba you be ? mufasa yes . I think I might lose you . simba oh .. I guess even king get scared , huh ? mufasa pull simba close . mufasa c’mere , you . then he start to tickle he cub . both romp , laughing and growling playfully . mufasa / simba harha-ha ... grfff ... ha- ha ... they stop . there be a monent : simba dad ? mufasa 7 hmm ? simba we be pal , right . mufasa right . - simba . and we will always be '' together . right ? nn mufasa simba , let I tell you something ny father tell w@ : ~ look at the star . see simba look up . S mufasa ( cont ’d ) the great king of the past look down on we from that star . bo simba really ? mufasa yes . so whenever you feel alone , just remember that that king will . always be there to guide you . ( a beat ) : and so will I . they stare at the star in silence , dwarf by the infinity that surround then . seq . 7 ( " be prepare " ) EST . shot - hyena lair -. night banzai ( 0.s. ) oh , man . that lousy mufasa . I will not be able to sit for a week . Ed laugh wildly . ed ( 0.s. ) hee -hee -hee ! with shenzi , banzai and ed still lick they wound -- but Ed laugh . banzai rub he . butt . banzai it 's not funny , Ed . Ed laugh even harder . ed hee -hee -hee , . .. : banzai hey , shut up ! rno Ed be hysterical . of ts ed . . hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee ! '' . banzai pounce on hin , and '' they fight . misc . grumbling , growling , gnashing of teeth . shenzi banzai , will you guy knock it off ? they stop fight . Ed idictically chew he own leg . saliva hang from banzai 's jaw . banzal he start it . shenzi . look at you guy ! no wonder we nre dangle at the bottom of the food chain . ° banzai oh , man , I hate dangle . shenzi yeah . if it be not for that lion , we no be run the joint . banzai man , I hate lion . shenzi they be pushy . banzai and hairy . : shenzi and stinky . se banzai and , man , be they ... shenzi / banzai ( together ) > uggg -lee ! all laugh and enjoy themselves . angle - scar on the upper ridge and calling™down : ' '' mn scar - . oh , surely we lion be not ’all that bad . will full shot & all gasp ... until they recognize scar . then they heave sigh of relief . : banzai ( undervhelm ) oh , scar . it 's just you . a shenzi | ae ( whew ) C a yeah ; we be afraid it be somebody important . scar ( coldly ) I see . banzai you know -- like mufasa . scar uh-huh , banzat now that 's power . shenzi tell I about it . JI just hear that name , I shudder . banzai ( play along ) " mufasa . " . ie shenzi ( as no oes - cs. ( shudder ) ee brrrrr ! ( then , rapidly ) do it again ! banzai " mufasa ! '' ~ shenzi ( shudder ) brrrrrr ! . Ed laugh wildly . ed hee-hee -hee-hee-hee ... < banzai _* " '' mufasa-mufasa -mufasa !* not shenzi go wild , gleefully shuddering and shivering : shenzi burrrrr-burrrr-burrrr . it just tingles I ! Ed laugh louder . '' } scar ( under he breath ) I be surround by idiot . banzat now you , scar -- you be one of we . you be we pal . : scar ( with loathing ) charme . shenzi ; ooh , I like that . he 's not king , but he 's still so proper . banzat hey , do ’ja bring we anything to eat , scar old buddy , old pal ? - do 's ja-did 's ja-did 's ja ? scar consider what to do with the scrap of carrion he 's carryin 's .. scar I do not think you really deserve this . I practically gift - wrap that cub for you , and you couldn 't . * even dispose of they . he toss they the hunk of meat . they dive into it , voraciously . sound of chewing , munching , slurping . they speak with they mouth full . - _ shen2i L well , ya know , it be not like they be exactly alone , scar . banzai yeah , what . be we suppose to do , . kill mufasa ? sy ' a4 scar ( a beat ) precisely . the hyenas just keep on gat . more sound of they chewing , munching , slurelng - as ... song : '' be prepare " scar jump down , scatter hyenas as he land . he walk through the steam vent . I know that you power of retention he circle Ed and whacks the bone out of he mouth . Ed stand at attention . scar continue circle ed. scar . . be as wet as a warthog 's backside but thick as you be , pay attention my word be a matter of pride scar wave he paw in front of Ed 's glaze - over eye . scar it ‘s clear from you vacant expression the light be not all on . upstair two hyenas stare down from a ledge and share a joke . scar but we 're talking king and succession even you can ’t be caught unaware sear startles the bejesus out of the two hyenas who fall down and land on steam vent . scar exit and the steam a vent : erupt , send the hyenas into orbit . then back into frame . sear appear in frame and dance up a ramp . scar ~ so prepare for the chance ofa . lifetime be . prepare for sensatr6nal news a shining . new era be tiptoeing nearer he tiptoe to .a higher ever . shenzi ask : suexéx " , and where do we féature ? . he : pinch she : cheek . scar just listen to teacher I know it sound sordid but you ' all be reward when at last I am give my due ! and . insustice deliciously square 43 be prepare ! he mount to a higher level , kick bone - chew Ed -- who tumble down the rock and crash in a bone pile . banzai yeah ! be prepare . we will be prepare ! ( confuse ) for what ? scar sit on a rock pinnacle . scar for the death of the King . banzai be he sick ? scar ( throttling he ) no , fool ! we be go to kill hin . and simba , .too . he drop banzai -- who fall out of frame ... and back into frame between shenzi and ed. shenzi . é.. great idea ! who need a king ? . . all hyenas ( chant ) no king , no king ! LA LA LA LA lal +4 the~hyenas dance around and sing like idiotic child . ' scar ison a ledge above then . scar idiot !.. there il ] be a King ! pan but you say ... scar I will be King ! stick with I and you will - never : go - hungry again ! scar tower over a gather throng of hyenas . banzai & shenzi yay , all right ! Long live the King !! hyena cheering . steam fill the screen . all hyenas ( laugh ) ha-ha~ha - ha-ha-ha ! the steam evaporate , revealing row of jackboote , goose - step storm trooper hyenas . sear observe from above . they shadow cross he face . hyenas . ( sing ) it 's great that we all soon be connected with a king who all be all time adored scar of course , quid pro quo , you're expected to take certain duty on board ( draw a murderous claw across he throat ) the future 1s litter with prine and though I ’m the MAIN addressee the point that I must emphasize be leap into the midst of the hyenas . scar you won not get a sniff without I ! the ground begin to crack open . 7 scar & shen2 zi & banzai - so prepare for the coup of the century . more steam vent shoot up .as the earth shake and split . scar leap onto . a pillar of rock , which begin to rise . rapae $ oe be prepare for the murkiest '' scam '' 000000 , la-la-la ! meticulous : planning we‘ll have food ! tenacity , spanning lot of ' food . decade of denial we repeat be simply why I ‘ll endless meat be king undispute aaaaaaaah ! respected , saluted aaaaaaaah ! and see for the wonder I am aaaaaaaah ! while scar and he pillar of rock continue to thrust up out of the surround ground , the hyenas dance demonically . 45 yes my teeth and ambition be bare be prepare ! scar_& hyenas yes our teeth and ambition be bare be prepare ! hyenas dance.and : dismember skeleton . one hyena play : the vibe on a rib cage . on scar 's evil laugh , we pull back , through the length of a rib cage , and see he ranting atop he . pillar , high above the whole , lurid , Hieronymus . bosch carnival - in-hell .. seq . 10 ( stampede / mufasa 's death ) ext . plateau —- the following day two dot be down below in a tremendous gorge . scar ( 0.s. ) now you wait here . you father have a marvelous surprise for you . : Fe simba . ( 0.s. ) what be it ? ext . floor of the gorge - a short time later sear be with simba under a tree . simba sit on a rock . be scar - if I tell you , it would not be a surprise now , would it ? simba ‘( sweetly shrewd ) - if - you tell I -- — 1 /11 ] still act surprised . - scar * , ( for ( tsk-tsk-tsking ) you .are : such a-naughty boy . 7 simba ( man~towman ) come on , uncle scar ... scar norne - no . this be just for you and you dad . you know , a sort of father - sen thing . scar ( cont 'd ) ( @ real pal ) well , I ' have better go get he . simba 1711 go with you ! scar no ! . ( sweetly ) no , no . scar start to go . scar ( cont ’d ) just stay on this rock . you would not want to end up in another mess like you do with the hyenas . simba you know about that ? scar simba -- everyone know about that . simba look mortify . really ? mmm-mm . now be do .one : simba scar scar ( cont ‘d ) ( a beat ) a good lad and prove you can thing right : stay on this rock and wait for you surprise . right ! simba . '' rarr scar. start to leave . '' @imba call : hey , un surpris : -simba ( cont ' D ) cle scar -~ will I like the e ? scar turn back to simba . simba , scar trot off . look around for scar it 's to die for . simba center himself on the rock . he father . he wait : he ext . a ledge above - continuous a herd of hundred of wildebeest graze . thru they leg we see shenzi , banzai and Ed . we hear a stomach rumble . with the hyena trio shenzi glare at banzai . shenzi shut. up ! banzai I can not help it . I '' so hungry ... I gotta have a wildebeest . shenzi stay put . banzai can not I just pick off one of the little sick one ? shenzi no ! we wait for the signal from scar . : with simba - continuous a chameleon enter frame leave , crawl on a long branch . the chameleon 's weird eye movement catch simba 's attention . they eye each other . as the chameleon climb from the branch onto the rock , simba reach for it . he miss the chameleon . and get hit with the branch . the chameleon move across a black part of the rock and turn black . simba step off the rock , he hold a leaf over the funny creature ... which make it turn green . simba laugh . : angle - scar give the signal . with the ' hyenas . shenzi leok ! there he be ! let 's go . they slink toward the graze wildebeest . with simba C if he hold he paw near the chameleon -- who change color as it crawl up simba ' 's arm . it near simba ' 's face and bite he on the nose . he recoil , yelping : simba yeee-owwww ! SOUND : simba 's scream echoing off the canyon wall . then the thundering of hundred of wildebeest approach . angle - top of the gorge wildebeest cascade down into the gorge - run directly toward simba . with . simba simba see the wildebeest flood down into the gorge - a stampede that thunder directly toward he . simba run for he life . with the stampede the hyena Trio nip at the hoof of the wildebeest as the final group approach the edge of the ridge and spill out of sight over and down into the gorge . with simba run deeper into the gorge . ext . top of gorge ~ another vantage point - continuous Zazu , riding along on mufasa 's bac ! notice dust rise from below in the gorge . > ay zazu > look , sire ! ' the herd be on the move . odd ... rorasn scar emerge from the bluff below , call to he brother : scar mufasa ! Quick ! stampede ! in the gorge ! simba 's down there ! mufasa simba ? with simba running full out . barely ahead of the wildebeest . simba scurries up to the branch of a dead tree . with mufasa , zazu and scar zazu .. i’1l fly ahead , sire ! zazun Pov - flying look down , over the herd , he see simba cling to a branch . simba frantically call : simba Zazu ! help I ! zazu you father be on the way ! hold on ! simba hurry ! with mufasa and scar they leap down onto a lower ledge . Zazu zoom in , direct mufasa ' 's attention toward simba . . . zazu there ! on that tree . mufasa ( call ) tv hold on , simba ! with simba the branch he 's cling to start to give '' ay : it dip . simba lbs aaaaah ! : simba try more desperately to hold on . ce with mufasa ~~ we truck with mufasa as he plunge into the gorge and battle he way upstream through the oncoming wildebeest . with zazu and scar from they vantage above the gorge . Zazu hover . 5 '' zazu sear , this be awful ! I / x11 go back for help . scar bat Zazu against a rock . splat ! Zazu 's out cold . zazu ( cont ‘d ) | uuumph ! '. angle - simba as a wildebeest crash into 's the branch he cling to .. simba flip into the air . mufasa leap in and catch he son . mufasa carry simba and : run .. a wildebeest hit he , and simba tumble out of mufasa 's mouth -- into the midst of the herd . simba dodge wildebeest . mufasa race . in and pull simba out . full shot mufasa run and place simba on a ledge above the trouble . ' simba ' be safe . but a wildebeest knock mufasa back into the | flow . mufasa disappear under the army of gallop wildebeest . mufasa ahhh ! ohhh ! - simba daal with the stampede mortally wounded , mufasa makesra - valiant leap up a steep incline . he climb up loose roéck that give way . he struggle up the incline and climb just beneath a rocky overhang . he dig he claw in and dangle . angle - scar look down at he brother , who cling for he life . mufasa / calis to scar : for 4 — '' ets 51 mufasa scar , help I ! brother -- help I ? scar and mufasa unnove , scar glare at mufasa . hold .a beat . then scar dig he claw into mufasa 's forearm , pull he closer and whisper : scar Long live the King . scar release he grip . mufasa slide down the steep incline to he death . simba run over the rise just in time to see mufasa disappear into the thunder wildebeest . he do not see scar . he cry : simba noooccoco ! simba run down into the dust - fill gorge . in : the gorge still choke with dust kick up by the stampede . simba search for he father . simba ( cont ‘d ) } dad !? he hear a SOUND and turn to look : '' a simba ( cont ‘d ) . é dad ?... but it be only a stray wildebeest that run off . its movement draw . simba as. gaze to the. form of he lifeless father . . & angle ~ mufasa simba rush to he father . he nuzzle hin . simba ( panic building ) dad ?... . nothing . again . 52 5 simba ( cont ‘d ) ( more panic ) dad ?... come on . he try to raise mufasa 's powerful arm . it flop to the ground . panicked , simba run away a few pace . simba ( cont 's D} ( call ) help ! somebody ! anybody ? then he run back to he dad . simba ( cont ’d ) ( more panic ) dad , you gotta get up . come on , dad , stop play . dad , we gotta go home . please ? . he be not sure what to do . he start to sob , move very ' clese to mufasa and then nuzzle he father and lie down beside the great lion . we hold on sobbing simba . angle ~- scar emerge through the settling dust . with simba sobbing into he father 's mane . scar loom over he and take advantage of the moment . scar ( 0.s. ) simba . full shot scar ( cont ‘d ) what have you do ? simba xv , ( sob / explain ) '' '' there be wildebeest ... he try to save I ... it be a accident . I do not mean for it to ... scar of course you do not . no one ever mean for this thing to happen . but the king be dead . if it be not for you , he 'or still be alive . oh , what will you mother think ? simba sob harder . ry simba what be I gonna do ? ' scar run away , simba . run ! run away and never return , simba tear off . we follow he . with scar as shenzi , banzai and Ed emerge from the dust . scar kill hin . shenzi and banzai take off . Ed follow . ext . BOX canyon - continuous simba run in -- and evade the hyenas . tracking with the hyenas follow simba who run to a cliff wall and climb into a crevasse . they be right on he tail . with simba oo . he realize he 's be chase by the hyenas . reaching the edge . it drop off to a flat plain that fold out to the horizon . simba have to make a choice . he leap over the edge and roll uncontrollably down to the botton . with the hyena trio jumping over the same ledge . 7y with simba ~ < - landing in thorny brush . simba gasp and groans . '' fue 4 ' bounce 's down ' the hill , slaver , yipping -. realize what they be head for . they eye bug . sfx : slamming on brake sound as the hyenas screech to a stop . with the hyenas hyenas whoa ... whoa ... whoa ! sfx : crunch ! of thorns digging into flesh as banzai land in the thorny brush with a ooff ! he bounce back up , howling . he ' 's cover with thorns . : banzal eeeeyiiike !! yike-yike-yike ! ow - ooo0 - eeee ! shenzi and Ed think this be hysterical and laugh . shenzi and ed " ( laugh ) hee , hee , hee ! angle - simba running off run flat out . with the hyenas they be separate from simba by the heavy , painful thicket . shenzi order banzai : shenzi hey ! there he go ! as banzai pull out a thorn : banzai so. go get he . I sher no way I be go in there . ( mutter ) what you want I to come out look like you -— ~ cactus-butt ? : banzai - but we gotta finish the job . ry shenzi , well , he 's as good as. dead out there , anyway . and if he do cone back , we 'il kill hin . banzai ~ yeah . ~~? nyell to simba ) you hear that ? if you - ever cone back -- we will kill you ! banzai ‘s echo kill you ! kill you ! kill you ! kill you ! angle - the flatland { we hear the hyenas wicked laugh echo across the. wasteland . co in the far distance , we see young prince simba run for he life . | seq . 8 ( scar lie to the pride ) ext . pride rock ~ sundown sear wipe a tear from he eye . scar all that I have I would gladly give not to be here today . mufasa 's death be a terrible tragedy . but to lose simba -- who have barely begin to live ? for I , it be a deep , personal loss . the lioness grieve . Zazu wipe a tear from he eye . nala bury she face against she mon . scar ( cont ’d ) so it be with a heavy heart that I assume the throne . ( a beat ) we must never forget the great mufasa and we beloved simba , and the brave deed that be do ' this aay ... yet out of the ash of this tragedy , we shall rise to greet the dawn of a new era -- a new order = of peace and prosperity ... | shadows of hyenas appear on pride rock . a daze Zazu squawk : y zazu ~ 4 ' oh my ~- hyenas ! , - the lioness mourn turn to fear , murmure '' hyenas ! " . sarabi .* scar ! do something ! scar ( ignore it ) --. a new order of peace and prosperity in which lion and hyena come together in a great and glorious future ! from - all corner of the pride land , a serpentine invasion of hyenas creep onto the land . the lioness be silent . '' St fade to black seq . 9 ( simba ' 's exile / timon & pumbaa ) ext . desert -— day simba cross the parched sand . he slip down a sand dune . - time dissolve to : ext . farther into dessert - later a sand storm fill the screen . simba emerge , fight . against the strong wind . time dissolve to : ext . edge of savannah = day simba , look near death , trudge across the hot , dry inhospitable waste . heat wave distort what we see . a shadow pass over simba . he look up to see : angle - sky a half dozen buzhard fly high in the heat - white sky . with simba the effort be too much . his knee buckle and he fall to the ground in a faint . buzhard 's Pov - circle look down at simba . with simba come to , then slowly continue he march on . the buzzard encircle the cub . . he put up a valiant fight , but it 's too much for he weaken condition . he. faint . the buzzard . be about to dine when we hear ? '' , timon eeeee-yaaaaa ! in gallep a lumpy , big-heart , perceptive but . slow -witted warthog ( pumbaa ) . Riding on he back , he trusty , hyper pal , a meerkat ( timon ) . they charge the buzzard - who scatter . buzhard a {chaotic cy squawk ) ack-ack-ack~ack-ack~-ack. simba be still out cold . pumbaa trot over to he . timon . ( yell ) get out - get out - get out of here ! pumbaa I love this ! bowlin 's for buzzard ! timon '' ( laugh ) ha-ha-ha ! get ‘em every time . okay , let an go ! pumbaa check out simba . he 's a little shake up . ( call ) hey , . timon , ya better come look . as. timon dash over ... pumbaa ( cont 'd ) I think it 's still alive . then timon approach very gingerly . timon - oo000 . ( then : ) alrightie ... what do we have here ? ( lift a paw ) jeeze , it 's a lion ! run , pumbaal - move it ! a timon scramble up pumbaa for safety . pumbaa l° aw , timon -- it 's just . a little lion . look at he .\ , he 's so cute and all alone . can we keep hin ? timon pumbaa , be you nut ? you nre talk about a lion ! lion eat guy like we ! 5i pumbaa aw , we can not turn we back on hin . timon wanna bet ? who 's the brain in this outfit ? pumbaa ( stump ) timon my point exactly ! timon zip over to the unconscious simba to - demonstrate : timon ( cont ’d ) look at hin : ( lift a eyelid ) shifty little eye ... ( lift simba 's lip to reveal tooth ) sharp fang ... he 's a carnivore ! pumbaa oh , come on , timon . timon fu read my lip : car-nee-vorrr ! pumbaa but he 's so little . timon he as. gonna get bigger ! pumbaa maybe he '' 11l . - be on. we side . timon - that 's the stupidest thing I ever hear . ' the thing that ' oome out of you mouth ! ° ( light buib ) .- hey ! ive get it ! what if .he ' 's on we side ? . ( resolve ) C ya know , havin ' aion around might not be such a d-ldea ! pumbaa so we be keepin’ he ? pumbaa scoops simba up and carry he toward the jungle . ss ! timon pfffti of course ! keep up with the ce program . phew ! I be burnin’ up . let 's go hit the waterhole , pumbaa . I need a drink . dissolve to : ext . edge of jungle timon and pumbaa watch : unconscious simba - close his eyelid flutter open . full shot timon you okay , kid ? simba ( disorient ) I ... guess 60 . pumbaa you nearly die . timon T save you . pumbaa snort at hin . timon ( cont ’d ) + ( add ) - well , pumbaa help . a little . . simba thanks for you help . 4 simba get up and start to leave . ' apimon call after hin : timon 2 hey , where ya goin 's ? ed ' simba - nowhere . as simba look foriorn as he walk away . timon gee . he look blue . pumbaa I 'or say brownish - gold . et timon no-no- no . I mean he 's depressed . pumbaa oh. ( to simba ) kid , what 's eatin 's ya ? timon {to . pumbaa ) nothin’ . he 's at the top of the ' food chain . {no response ) ha-hawha ... ( fade ) ha-ha-food chain ... ( fade ) haha ... yeah ... ( then : ) so ! where ya from ? simba do not. matter . timon ( elate ) '' ah , you nre a outcast ! simba what ? timon a outcast . that ' 's great ! so be we ! pumbaa whad ' ’ja do , kid ? simba - something terrible . but I do not want to talk about it .-. , oe timon good ! - we-do n’t..want. to hear about it . pumbaa ( go to simba ) ya know , kid , in eiae like this my buddy timon here say : you gotta put you behind in you past . pumbaa ( cont ’d ) ( confuse ) ubhh ... I mean ... 61 - timon ) ( interrupt ) ° no-no-no ! amateur ! lie down before you hurt yourself . ( to simba ) it 's : you gotta put you past - ya know : take life one day at a time . no past , no future . hakuna matata ! '' simba what ? pumbaa ( slowly ) ha-ku -na ma-ta-ta. ( explain ) it mean '' no worry . " timon ( testimonial ) yup . two little word that ' 11 change you life . simba really ? | timon | uh-huh . they change mine ... seq . 9.1 ( song : '' hakuna matata * ) out_of nowhere , a bright spotlight shine on timon . very dramatically timon talk he testimonial . then segues into | song —- where he demonstrate how he do not conform with the meercat . colony he live in . '' ' timon when I be a young meercat : pumbaa . ( when he be a young meercat ) tinon - i. be workin 's in the - colony payin 's my ' due acceptin 's ' without question the prevailing view that a meercat 's life be one long grind ; pumraa that sound rough timon diggin hole , standin 's guard til it crossed my mind | tinon pumbaa I be wrong ( he be wrong ) and all along ( all along ) all that I need ( what did ' ja need ? ) be to have heed ( sing it , timon ) chorus hakuna matata ! what a wonderful phrase hakuna matata ! ain ’t no passing craze pumbaa ditto ! chorus it means no worries and the rest of you day take our problem -free philosophy hakuna matata ! simba hakuna ma ... do that really work ? timon ha-ha-ha . oh do it work ? oh that 's rich . oh , pumbaa , tell hin . pumbaa listen to I , kid . listen . sit down there . I get a story , too ! pumbaa launch into he tail of woe -- show how he special aroma make he a outcast . pumbaa ( sing ) when I be a young warthog ... timon . ( when he be a young warthog ) - pumbaa I found my aroma lacked certain appeal I could ' clear ' the savannah after every ' meal I /m_.a sensitive ' soul though I seem think - skinned and it hurt that . my friend never stood downwind pumbaa timon and oh the shame ~ ( oh ' he ' be ashamed ) tried changin 's my name ( you can‘t remember the one you ' ve f° got ) and I got downhearted everytime that I ... timon '' shush " pumbaa . timon hey ! pumbaa ! not in front of the kid ! 63 pumbaa oh. sorry . ( alt : it be all too clear there be a atmosphere j chorus hakuna matata ! what . a wonderful . phrase hakuna matata ! ain ’t no . passing craze it means no worries for the rest of you day take our problem-free philosophy hakuna matata ! while music . noodle : ext . jungle - a short time later timon and pumbaa lead simba through the lush surroundings . timon well , kid , be you with we ? simba I guess so . su timon then right this way ! timon pull back a huge leaf , revealing timon and pumbaa 's - bachelor pad . it be a jungle paradise . timon ( cont ’d ) welcome to we humbie home . simba : you live here ? '' . timon '' we live wherever we want . pumbaa ' yup ! - Home be where you rump rest . ext . another part of the jungle - moment later timon stand next to a log . pumbaa burp . pumbaa ( cont ’d ) ( burping ) urrrrp ... gee , I be starve ! 6 simba . I be so hungry , I could eat a whole zebra ! timon we be fresh out of zebra . simba any antelope ? timon nuh~uh . simba hippo ? timon no , no . listen kid , if you be gonna live with we , you be gonna have to eat like we . timon gesture to the log : timon ( cont ’d ) this look like a good spot to rustle up some grub . they lift a log , revealing million of insect . timon scoops up some . simba what ' 's that ? ~ timon : a grub . what 's it look like ? timon pop the grub in he mouth . simba. gecoil in disgust . timon ( cont ’d ) uo mumm ! tastes like chicken . , - pumbaa ' slurp a big wormy thing , comment : pumbaa c3 slimy , yet.satisfyin’ . ~ ( a beat ) you be gonna love it here . while timon collect a sampler of bug which he eat and place on a leaf he use as a attractive serve tray : timon this be the great life -- no rule , no responsibility ... timon ( cont ’d ) ( be a bug ) oooo ... the little cream -fill kind . ( to. simba ) and best . of all , no worry ! ( to simba ) well , kid ?... timon offer simba the platter of bug . he think a moment . then cave : simba oh well ... hakuna matata ! simba eat a bug . not bad . timon that 's it ! hakuna matata . all three hakuna matata . during the final chorus , the trio dance and play through various landscape . in " each one we see simba have . grow -- until he be a mane-tote adolescent . chorus . ( speak ) . hakuna matata ! hakuna matata ! '' hakuna . matata ! hakuna matata ! hakuna matata ! it means no worries for the rest of you day take our problem -free philosophy ( pumbaa scat while timon sing ) hakuna matata ! , hakuna '' matata ! : shakuna .matata ! 's jhakuna - matata ! hakuna matata ! '' hakuna .. matata ! hakuna ... oa rael seq . 9.2 . '' ( under the star ) ext . jungle - night at the close of the song , we find timon , pumbaa and adolescent simba lie on they back under the night . sky , leok up at the star . it 's like a campfire scene with campfire buddy . they be . silent for a moment . then out of the blue : 6 pumbaa ( wondrous ) timon ? timon yeah ? . pumbaa . ever wonder what that sparkly dot up there be ? timon pumbaa , I do not wonder . i. know . pumbaa oh . what be they ? timon they be firefly . Firefly that get stick up on that big bluish black thing . pumbaa oh , gee -~ I always think they be ball of gas , burn billion of mile away . timon pumbaa , with you everything 's . gas . pumbaa simba , what do you think ? simba ay well ... uh ... Nah ! * pumbaa - aw , c / mon , simba . we tell you ours . stara . - na ... ny timon ¢fmon . give. give . pumbaa come on . we tell ' ja ours . please ? simba well ... somebody once tell I the great king of the past be up there =~ watch over we . pumbaa really ? timon ya mean a bunch of royal dead guy be watchin’ we ? timon laugh it off . : timon ( cont ’d ) ha-ha-ha-ha ... that 's the craziest thing I ever hear ! everybody laugh uproariously . timon ( cont ’d ) who tell you something like that ? simba ( laugh ) ya. pretty dumb , huh ? full screen - starry sky pan down to : simba '' atop a nearby hill , he gaze up at the starry sky , a distant look in he eye . then he ask : simba be you really there ? there be no response . he sigh and then try to block it all out with he '' mantra : " * : simba ( cont ’d ) hakuna matata . - he flop down . the force of the impact send nilkweed airborne across the night sky . '' ~- the . jungle canopy — continuous '' the airborne piece of milkweed travel through the.air ... seq . 12 ( rafiki get simba ) pollen move across the landscape ... finally approach a tree . at 68 ext . jungle - continuous a baboon hand pop into frame . it collect the wind - borne object and snap shut . reveal rafiki the wise old baboon we meet at simba 's presentation sit in the branch of a tree . he clutches what he 's just catch and dive down into the tree . rafiki 's cave - continuous rafiki take a hollow tortoise shell and toss in what he just collect . he crack open a gourd . as he " read '' the content , he idly take a bite out of one half of the gourd . he take a good long look at the content of the shell , mumble and then laugh . rafiki simba !... he go to a painting of a lion cub - that have the same mark on he forehead that rafiki place on simba at he presentation . rafiki ( cont ’d ) simba ... oe . i he scurries to get he walk stick . then he return to the wall painting and smear something from one of . he gourd around the head of the cub . now the cub have a mane . rafiki laugh joyfully . . rafiki ( cont ‘d ) - it 's time . . he grab he walk : stick and run out . seq . 15 ( simba and nala reunite ) ext . edge of the jungle - day tinon and pumbaa : walk adous , sing : ( song : '' the lion sleep '' tonight * ) pumbaa a weem a wep a weem a wep timon in the jungle , the mighty jungle , the lion sleep tonight . pumbaa a weem a wep a weem a wep pumbaa notice a fat , juicy bug and follow it out of frame . ' timon : in the jungle , the mighty jungle , the lion sleep tonight . timon do not hear pumbaa 's bass line . but he 's lose in he own groove . timon ( cont ’d ) I can not hear ya , buddy . ( a beat ) back I up . ( sing ) . ah wheee -eee -eee -eee -eee ah pumbaah muh way ah wheee -eee -eee -eee -eee ah pumbaah muh ... ( realize he 's go ) pumbaa ?... pumbaa ? ext ... a tree trunk - continuous still humming the " ah - whee - muh - way " tune , pumbaa stalk the bug . pumbaa ( hum ) ey ~ mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm . " 7 it land on a tree stump . pumbaa quickly hide behind a tree . then he cautiously stalk the bug ... and get stick over the stump ... he hear a crack in the distance . he listen , then call : a purina ) there be no response , so he resume he bug hunt . he come eye to eye with the bug . timon ? pumbaa 's Pov Rack pocus to reveal : a young lioness in the brush not reverse angle - on pumbaa scare to death . the lioness leap into frame . a chase ensue , pumbaa squealing in fear . they run toward the jungle . ext . jungle - continuous the lioness chase pumbaa around a tree . pumbaa . squeeeeeal ! with timon who hear the squeal . timon ( call ) pumbaa ? pumbaa ? the chase pumbaa run under a arched root . his butt be too big to get . through , so he get stick . timon run into frame . timon ( to pumbaa ) hey , . what 's goin 's on ? pumbaa she 's gonna eat I ! timon . huh ? -. 7 ( try to free é - he ) urfffi why do I always have to save you ... timon sees the lioness leaping for they . he freeze , scream : oo timon : ( cont ’d ) - aaaaa . as the lioness leap , simba ( now a adolescent ) jump . into frame and knock she down . timon take a peek and see the lion face off . timon ( to pumbaa ) do not worry , buddy . I be here for you . everything 's gonna be okay . pumbaa lose . hey , what 's happenin 's ? timon calis out : timon he 's get she . oh no ! she 's get he . wow ! check out that move . he 's movin’ like a champ . get she ! bite she head ! . ( a beat ) oh , ow ! that 's gotta hurt . - go for the jugular ... the jugular ! {to pumbaa ) see , I tell ya he have come in handy . with that , nala flip simba on he back and pin he to the ground ~- the same way she do as a cub . she hold simba there a beat . simba think he recognize she . simba nala ? nala back away in fear / shock . simba ( cont ‘d ) it 's I - — — simba . she step back , unsure . nala «+. simba ? simba give she a reassure smile . nala realize it be simba and scream with amazement / glee : - nala ( cont ’d ) aaaaaa ! timon and pumbaa witness this jn disbelief . dialogue overlap . see . nala ( cont ’d ) - how do you ...? '' simba how do you ...? where do you ...? ( a beat ) . wow !!! nala where do you come from ? simba get tongue - tie , falter , finally say : simba it 's great to see ya ! nala oh , it 's great to see you . timon hey ! what 's goin’ on here ? simba what be you do here ? nala what . do you mean what be I do here ? what be you do here ? simba I live here ! tinon try again . timon hey ! -- what 's goin 's on here ? simba : timon , this be nala . she 's my best friend . timon friend ? priend ??! simba yeah. ( call ) hey , pumbaa ! pumbaa extricate himself from the root with a pop ! . simba . ( cont ’d ) } ? come over here . j% ( introduce ) , nala , this be pumbaa . pumbaa -- nala . - pumbaa '' oy ' please to make yi acquaintance ! nala the pleasure 's all mine . timon yeah , it 's nice to m ... timon ( cont 'd ) nstop himself ) whoa , whoa , whoai time out ! let I get this straight . you know she . she know you . but she want to eat he . and everybody 's okay with this ? do I miss something ? simba relax , timon . there be a moment . nala wait ' till everyone find out you have be here all this time !... and you mother ! what will she think ? simba look panic-stricken . simba she do not have to know . nobody have to know . nala of course they do ! everyone think you be dead . simba they do ? nala : yes . scar tell we about the stampede . . simba ( cagey / suspicious ) what. else do he tell you ? , nala . what else matter ? you be alive ! and that mean ... ( oh , my God ) .- you be the king ! simba be take aback . timon '' teaps up : timon '' King ? " ( " oh , go on " ) pfffffot Lady , have . you get you lion cross ! nala no , he be the rightful king . pumbaa believe and be in awe . he move respectfully toward simba . pumbaa the.k ! you majesty ... pumbaa bow reverently and kiss simba 's paw . simba stop it ... pumbaa I gravel at you foot . timon it 's not " gravel " , it 's grovel . and so not ! he 's not the king . ( to simba ) be . ya? simba no. nala simba ! simba no , I be not the king . maybe I be gonna be -- but that be a long tine ago . ( upbeat ) look . thing change . I be finish with all that . I do not think about = it any more . timon let I get this straight . you be the king ... and you never tell we ? simba sy remember , timon , pur you past behind you ?* timon well this be different ! simba look , timon . I be still the sane guy . timon but with power ! '' '' simba stop it . I be not a king . . pumbaa ( atta boy ) yes you be ! timon . . and we be all in this together . nala ( to timon / pumbaa ) could you guy excuse we for few minute ? timon hey , whatever she have to say , she can say it in front : of we . right , simba ? simba gesture for they to leave . simba maybe you better go . timon throw up he arm and stomp off with pumbaa . timon ( fume to pumbaa ) ya think ya know a guy ... pumbaa come on , timon . after all , he be _ the king . ~ . : : i , 7 timon and what be we ? the short subject ! with simba and nala = continuous ? simba look at the duo @ : iting , . comment : simba - timon and pumbaa —- you will learn to love an . the reality of the situation finally hit nala . she look at simba , and she eye well up with tear . simba have never deait with anything like this ; so he be not sure of what to do . simba ( cont ‘d ) what ?... what be it ? nala it 's like you be back from the dead . you do not know how much this could mean to everyone ... what it mean to I . overcome with emotion , nala turn . away , embarrassed by she tear . now simba be at even nore of a loss . simba - hey , it 's okay . nala ( then : ) I have really miss you . simba I have miss you , too . there be a moment between they . seq . 15.1 ( comic love song ) angle - timon & pumbaa spy on simba and nala from behind a fern . " i'tell ya pumbaa , this stink . pumbaa oh. sorry . timon - not you . they . him ; she ? alooone . pumbaa ? what 's wrong with that ? while simba . show nala . around -~ in a series of lush , ronantic setting , timon.. and : pumbaa comment : : timon 's ( to. pumbaa ) / ip I say I love you ( pumbaa : huh ? ) have you on my brain { pumbaa : hey ! ) timon pinch pumbaa 's cheek . pumbaa pull away . tinon climb on pumbaa 's back and . perches on he head . simon ( to pumbaa ) it would mean a romantic atmosphere have rendered I insane ( pumbaa :. yup ) timon jump off pumbaa 's nose -- to clarify ' timon ( to pumbaa ) that's only a example it don ’t apply to US ( pumbaa : phew ! ) long shot ~ nala and simba pumbaa but over there it 's a different story tiaon and one we must discuss angle - timon and pumbaa sing they lament . both oh can you feel the love tonight ? all the sign be there pumbaa some fireflies and ton of tenderness timon disaster in the AIR long shot ~ simba and nala at the waterfall , timon and if he fall in love tonight ( pumbaa : oh no ! ) it can be assumed ( pumbaa : what ) tinon hide behind a tree on the bank . pumbaa slide down the tree into frame . nala and simba weave in and out of the waterfall . . he carefree day with US be history ~ both in - short our pal be doomed they hug and . burst into tear . timon / pumbaa waaaaaaa .... seq . 15.3 ( simba ' nala argue ) : ext . jungle with simba and nala - continuous simba {very '' up '' ) be not this a great place ? nala , . you be gonna love it here . nala it be beautiful ... nala ( cont ‘d ) : ( a beat ) but I do not understand something -- you have be alive all this time . why do not you come back to pride rock ? simba ( very casual ) well , I just need to get out on ny own ... live my own life . and I do ! and it 's great ! nala we have really need you at home . simba no one need I . nala yes we do . you be the king . simba nala , we have be through this . I be not the king . scar be . nala simba , he let the hyenas take over the pride land . : simba ( genuine ) what ? nala ~ I do not know how to tell ' you . everything 's destroy . there 's no food , no water . simba , if you do not do something soon , everyone will starve . stmba I can not go back . €- simba start to exit . nala go to hin . nala why ? simba you would not understand . nala what would not I understand ? 7 simba no , no , no ... it do not matter . hakuna matata . nala what ? simba hakuna matata . it 's what I learn out here . sometimes bad thing happen , : nala ( interrupt ) simba ... simba . ( drive on ) . and there 's nothing you can do about it . so why worry ? simba turn away from nala . nala because it 's you responsibility ! ( a beat ) simba , do not the pride mean anything to you ? do not you mother mean anything to you ? he turn to she : simba '' what about you ? you jeft . - nala I leave to find help . and I find you ! do not you understand ? you nre we only hope . simba . sorry . qn nala what ' 's happen to you ? you nre not the simba I renenber . simba you be right . I be not . now be you satisfied ? nala no. just disappointed . BC simba you know , you be start to sound like my father . nala good . at least one of we do . simba listen !. you think you can just show up and tell I how to live my life ? you do not even know what I have be through . simba turn and leave . infuriate , nala call : nala then tell I ! seq . 16 ( " to be or not to be " / reflecting pool / mufasa' ghost ) ext . jungle - night -— a short time later lose in think , simba sit on a rock and stare up at the twinkle sky . simba I do not care what anybody say . I will n not go back . what would it prove , anyway ? it will not change anything -— you can not change the past . ( be star ) you tell I you have always be there ~ for I -- but you be not . there 's nothing out there . there 's nothing '' to believe in anymore . nothing . nothing . oy , he sit quietly ... he be interrupt by a odd little tune . rafiki 's voice ( sing ) asante sana . . squash banana . we we nugu . MI MI apana . up in a nearby tree , he see the silhouette of a figure - whose angle match that of the gnarled branch . simba move away in search of solitude . ext . fallen tree trunk - moment later simba rest on a fall tree trunk that bridge a stream - which reflect the star and simba 's melancholy look . simba sigh ... plop ! a stone land in the water below . then : rafiki ‘s voice ( sing ) in asante sana . squash banana . we we nugu . MI MI apana . simba call up . simba come on ! will ya cut it out ? simba walk away again . rafiki follow ... rafiki can not cut it out . it 'il grow right back ! simba i would you stop follow not ? rafiki continue to shadow hin . simba ( cont ‘d ) who be you ? rafiki come right up to simba . rafiki the question be : who be you ? simba think a moment . - og simba {a sigh , then : ) I think I know . now I be not so eure . be see rafiki C I know who you be . shhii ... come here . it 's a secret . simba lean he ear toward rafiki . rafiki ( cont ‘d ) ( sing ) asante sana . squash banana . we we nugu . MI MI apana . C d while rafiki continue sing : simba enough already ! ( a beat ) what be that suppose to mean , anyway ? rafiki . it. mean you be a baboon , and I ' be not ! ( laugh ) hee-hee -hee . simba : I think you be a little confuse . simba begin to exit . rafiki 's finger poke simba in the nose . rafiki wrong ! I be not the one who 's confuse . you do not even know who you be . simba and I suppose you know ? rafiki sure do . you ‘’re mufasa 's boy . bye . pimbe be in shock . rafiki scoot away . simba chase after. nm . simba hey ! wait ! long shot - plain simba 's silhouett form race up . the hill . ext .. hill top -. later rafiki sit calmly , guru-style on the top of a hill . huffing and puffing , '' simba {inishes he climb up to rafiki . simba S you know . my father rafiki correction . I know you father . simba I hate to teli you this , but my father die a long time ago . rafiki nope . wrong again . cr qd 82 rafiki walk toward thick jungle underbrush , call back to simba . rafiki ( cont ’d ) he 's alive ! 1/11 show he to you . you follow old rafiki . he know the way . : rafiki disappear through a small open . of a bower . simba go over and look in . he consider a moment , then disappear inside . int . jungle - night Dark , dense ' foliage . simba try to keep up with agile , fast - move rafiki who calis back : rafiki hurry up ! do not dawdle ! mufasa 's wait ! rafiki dash through the tree , hang branch and vine . simba have a hard time follow . simba hey ! whoa ! wait !... wait a second !’.... would you slow down ! rafiki come on~come on ! asante sana . squash banana . we we nugu . MI MI apana . simba wait . will you wait ? wait a. second . " 4 rafiki seem to be go . ' simba press on through the thick underbrush . . he. look up and see . rafiki in a tree . then rafiki - be go . baffle , simba continue on . until : rafiki 's hand push up in simba 's face . - rafiki stop ! rafiki approach a curtain of tall reed . he part then , direct simba : rafiki ( cont ’d ) shhhh ... look down there . ext . reflecting pool - night simba anxiously , cautiously look in a pool of water . he gee the reflection of a lion . simba that 's not my father . it 's just my reflection . rafiki no ... rafiki direct simba 's line of vision . rafiki ( cont ’d ) look. harder ... , angle + reflecting pool the lion reflection change to a reflection of mufasa 's image . simba gasp . rafiki . ( cont ’d ) you see ~- he life in you . mufasa simba ... . simba look up to see where the Voice be come from . he know it belong to he dad . something magical start to happen : the image of mufasa begin to build itself . at first it be frightening . simba ~ Father ? mufasa simba , have you forget I ? simba - no! how. could I ? the ghost 's - presence start to secone the atmosphere - big , colorful , full of magic light . mufasa you have forget who you be , and so , have forget I . the vision become more warm and loving . to mufasa ( cont ‘d ) look inside yourself , simba . you be more than what you have become . you must take you place in the Circle of life . we be now comfortable with the image . simba how can I go back . I be not who I use to be . mufasa remember who you be ... you be ny son and the one true king . the vision start to fade ... mufasa ( cont ’d ) remember who you be ... and fade ... simba no! please ! do not leave I ! and fade ... remember ... and fade ... simba a Father ... mufasa - 4 remember ... remember ... the vision be go . pull back to show simba under a huge field of star . X seq . 17 ( who' the monkey ? ) '' °° ext . jungle glade - later that night we hear : snoring . angle - timon and pumbaa snoring continue . timon rise and fall from frame . widen to reveal : timon be curl up on pumbaa 's tummy and rise and fall with each of pumbaa 's snore . 3 full shot nala enter frame and nudge timon . timon smile . nala psst ... wake up . fimon open he eye drowsily and ' see : a huge lioness face loom over hin . full shot timon leap out . of frame . he scream in fear : timon aaaaa ! . pumbaa awaken and catch timon 's panic and scream with timon : pumbaa & timon ( together ) aaaaaa ! nala try to calm then . moe nala . it as. okay . it 's okay . it 's I . they stop scream . timon ~ do not ever do that again . {under breath ) carnivore . oy ! n nala “* , have you guy see simba ? timon I think he be with you . wat > he-was . but now I can not find he . where be he ? . pumbaa I do not know . timon he 's gotta be someplace . from up in a nearby tree , come rafiki 's laugh . rafiki ha , ha . ha , ha. ( then ) you will not find he here . the king have return . nala ( amaze / excited ) I can not believe it . he ' 's really go back . timon go back ? what do you mean ? . ( to rafiki ) hey ! but rafiki be go . timon . ( cont ‘d ) what ' 's goin’ on here ? who 's the monkey ? _ nala simba 's go back to challenge scar . timon - who ? - : . nala scar. pumbaa _ who 's get a scar ? nala ~ no-no- no -- it 's he uncle . 's '' timon the. monkey 's he uncle ? nala no. simba 's go back to challenge he . uncle to take hig place as king . timon & pumbaa / together ( dawn ) ohh-hhh ... timon ( panicked ) you mean simba 's marchin’ off into the jaw of death ? ( sobbing ) oh , simba ... my pal ... my buddy ... oe nod be timon ( cont ’d ) ( angry ) that idiot ! nala you do not understand , timon . timon I do not understand ? I do not understand ? youuy do not understand . nala start to leave . timon ( cont ’d ) hey ! where be you goin 's ? nala I be go with he . pumbaa I be goin’ , too . timon not you , too ! pumbaa yup ! it 's about responsibility . timon ( world crash ) but what about hakuna matata ? pumbaa timon , there come a time in life ~ when one must take fate into one 's L own hand . and like simba , who march off into the face of death , I too , go to meet my destiny ... as he faithful friend . pumbaa exit . - timon think a beat , then rant : timon i Fine ! good ! who : need ya! ( kid-like ) nee now I be king of the jungle ! ( look around ) where 's my scepter ? seq . 17.1 ( pre - battle bonding ) close - up - simba nos feet run across desert . long shot ~ sand dune as simba cross , a breeze erase he track . full shot - SUN down angle - simba ; run across crack earth . his shadow be huge . simba crest a rise , race downhill and exit -- large storm cloud roll in behind hin . close - up ~ ground simba 's paw enter frame . truck out to see simba walk through the desolate land . - ext .. cliff simba enter to see : ext . savannah - dusk parched earth . the horizon fill with a sea of dry bone . no plant life . ' in the distance -- pride rock . reverse angle - simba horrify at the devastation . simba ~ what have he do ? what have I do ? nala enter frame and stop near simba . simba ( cont ’d ) nala ... - nala simba ... . they nuzzle . the enornity of simba 's task hit hin . simba this be not go to be easy . nala we will see it through to the end . together . there be a moment . foe a a 90 simba ( from they youth ) deal ? . . nala deal. pumbaa trot in . pumbaa deal I in , too ! simba pumbaa ?! pumbaa ' at you service , you kingship ! ( speech time ) I do not know what 's gonna happen out there -- all I know be we be goin 's into this thing together ! timon trot in . timon not without I , ya will not . simba / nala / pumbaa ( together ) timon ?!! timon what ? you think I be gonna let you get kill without ny help ? , ( then : ) ~ okay , you worship . L ( salute ) what 'il it be ? simba - I be thinkin’ ... I be thinkin’ . - one , and they all head toward pride rock . scar ( exasperate ) oh -- must I do everything ?! sear exit . angle - a rock two hyenas in f£.g. fight over a bone . one of they fly against the rock . simba , nala , timon and pumbaa peek out , surveying the area . timon be have second thought . timon jeeze , look at all that ... tooth . be you sure this be such a good idea ? fhe hyena get up . everybody duck behind the rock but . timon . simba 's paw pop up into frame and push timon down behind the rock , just as the hyena look up . the hyena exit . the quartet 's head pop up . timon maybe we should try this tomorrow . pumbaa timon ! there be a beat . simba assess the situation . he nod : simba yy now . timon oh well , hakuna ma ... ( throw arm up ) forget-about - it ! : fon - long shot mo hyenas everywhere . angle - a rock timon and pumbaa soft - shoe into frame . they " play " vaudeville - style to a sea of hyenas ... whom they pretend be not there . timon try he best to mask he jitter . timon say , pumbaa -- have not you put on a few pound ? seq . 18 ( simba arrive at pride rock ) a wide shot - pride rock ( late afternoon ) truck in past a hoard of hyenas . int . scar 's cave - day ( continuous ) scar recline , gnaw on a bone . a bedraggle Zazu , imprison under a animal rib cage , pathetically sing . zazu ( sing ) nobody know the trouble I 've see nobody know my sorrow ... scar oh , Zazu -- lighten up . sing something with a little bounce in it ! Zazu look miff , then finally give it the old college try -— but without much conviction . zazu ( sing ) it 's a SMALL world after all it 's a SMALL ... scar no ! anything but that ! zazu start again , deadpan . - zazu - ( sing ) I 've got a loverly bunch of coconut ( deedle~dee ) there they be a stand in a row , ( bump -da - bump ) - big one , SMALL one scar / zazu ( ' together ) some as big ’as you head ... give em a twist a flick of the wrist ... zazu ( ander breath ) I would never have have to do this for mufasa . scar leap off he pedestal . scar ( explode ) 2 zazu ( meekly ) nothing . scar ( livid ) you know the law ! never , ever mention that name in my presence . I be the king ! zazu ( back pedale ) yes , sire . you be the king . ( vamp ) I ... uh ... only mention it to ... 4 liustrate the difference in you royal managerial approach . scar oh ... go on . zazu well ... ( " mu-fa-sa " ) * mn-smn - mm '' , ( ironic butter - up ) be a great king . but you , sire -- you re-define the word '' king . '' scar = ( savore it ) o- «.- continue ... zazu only you could rule the pride as ... only ... you ... do . _ ac . shenzi , banzai and Ed run in . shenzi hey , boss ! banazi we get a bone to pick with you . scar oh. ( to Zazu ) just when you be warming up . ( aloof , to hyenas ) what be it ? shenzi ( chummy } sear , you know we love you , and you be the kingliest of king , but there be one teensie problem . ( urgent ) it 's dinner time , and we do run outta entree . banzat yeah . and there 's no food , either . shenzi well , how about it , scar ? scar I be . the king , not . the cook ! banzal : ( under he breath ) and I think thing be bad under mufasa . scar ( explode ) what. do you say ? banzai I say " mu - " ... shenzi shove he . banzai ( cont ’d ) . ee. turf . I say " que pasa ! " scar , good . shenzi yeah . but we nre still hungry . it 's the so . sop to do the - hunt ! banzal yeah . but they will not go hunt . shenzi make ‘em . you ‘’re the big cheese . banzai whose get some cheese ? oo pumbaa on you notice ! timon why , I bet you could feed a family of four ! . pumbaa at least ! ( a beat ) picture I rollin’ in butter . roley - poley , roley - poley , roley ~ poley . with simba and nala - continuous as the hyenas 's attention be divert by timon and pumbaa , they pass behind they . with timon and pumbaa ~- continuous . timon okay , my roley - poley buddy , I say it 's time we turn into fast food ! and they run off , pursue by the hyenas . with simba as . he hear : scar ( 0.s. ( call ) sa-raaa -bitiiiv@©v2bfhrriy ! ~ scar 's echo sarabi~ sarabi- sa ! ' simban Pov of sarabi walk the gauntlet from the . back of the crowd to the front . -- head hold high . ' nobody move . the hyenas stare at she ominously . a , eerie wind whooosh across the plain . — with scar and sarabi the wind whip scar 's mane . lightn strike in the distance . sarabi yes , scar ? oo ma 2 os vl ? oh scar : where be you hunt party ? they be not do they job . sarabi scar , there be no food . the herd have move on . . scar no ! they be just not look hard enough . sarabi it 's over , scar . there be nothing leave . we have only one choice . we must : leave pride rock . scar we be not go anywhere . sarabi then you be sentencing we to death . scar then so be it . sarabi you can not do that . oo scar # I be the king , and I can do whatever I want ! sarabi if you be half the king mufasa be , you would never do ... New scar iam ten time . the king mufasa be ! ' scar ' strike sarabi , . and : she fall . scarn echo mufasa-mufasa~mufasa ... heat lightning flash . the thunder become a roar . seq . 19 ( the fight ) ext . pride rock -— dusk the roar continue . heat lightning illuminate the shadowy figure of a lion . it be simba -- who have witness scar ' 's treachery . simba charge down the rock . 97 scar skitter away in fear : scar " mufasa ? -- no ! -- it can not he . you be dead ! go away . g0 ! leave I alone ! simba stand near he mother . sarabi lift she head ... unsure of who the stranger be . sarabi ( groggy ) mufasa ? simba no . it 's I . sarabi ( weakly ) simba ... you be alive . simba I be home . scar regains he confidence . scar simba ! ( nervous laugh ) I simba . I be a little surprised to ue see you -- ( glare at hyenas ) angle - shenzi , banzai & ed hyena trio oe gulp ! - - and. they .duck . behind a rock . with simba and scar simba silently stalk . scar - =. who back . away ... ' scar try to hold he off : scar . stroke of bad timing you show up when you do . simba I would say I be right on time . simba lunge at scar . they tussle . scar get away . scar ch , simba -- you must understand . the pressure of ruling a kingdon ... simba ( interrupt ) be no longer yours . simba leap for he again . simba ( cont ‘d ) step down , scar . scar ( patronize ) oh. well , I would , of course . but there be one little problen . we hear eerie laughter of the hyenas . hyenas ( 0.s. ) hee-hee -hee -hee . .. zip pan : ton of hyenas rush in , laughing violently . they be all over simba -- who desperately try to fight they off . ny angle =< sarabi 4 sarabi simba ! surrounding flatland — continuous _ lightn strike closer.to pride rock , ignite the land . with scar and simba the hyenas pulverize simba . scar finally shout a order : '' scar enough ! the hyenas immediately stop and part down the center . scar cooly walk through the parte crowd -- toward simba -— who be weaken by he injury and dangerously near the edge of the promontory . simba struggle to keep from slide off the rock to he death . loose stone give way , cause he more trouble . scar loom in for the kill . scar poor pathetic simba . ever since you be a cub , wherever you go , disaster follow . simba step down , scar .. scar always rush headlong into trouble -- but " daddy " be always there to save you . as I recall , " daddy " die try to save you . simba it. be a accident . scar . and that 's why you run away ? ( to sarabi ) not very kingly , eh , sarabi ? simba I be wrong . scar you be always wrong . . and jook where you be now . but this time ... " daddy " be not here to save you . simba slip back off the promontory and scream : simba aaaaaa ! * he dangle off . the edge of . the rock , he claw lose they hold with each . pass second . simba do not know - it , but he be in the exact same position he ' father be before he death . ~ scar : savor the moment . scar : . now this look familiar . where have I -vseen this . before ? ..let.me:think ... ( brighten ) : oh , yes -- I remember ! that ' 's just the way you father jook before I kill he . simba roar and leap for scar , hit he like a freight train . they fight . simba flip scar . the hyenas freeze while and simba hold scar down : i simba . you kill he ! all this time , I hate myself -- when you be the one who do it ! scar call to he army : scar -. help I , you idiot ! scar 's : legion rally around he .. scar and simba fight through the crush of hyenas . . we hear : the lioness roar . zip . pan to : nala and the lionesses — ready to leap into the fight . angle -~ the hyenas bugney , as the lioness run in and start drive they off . one hyena get toss airborne . it be banzai . with . banzal airborne -- he fly in : of int . scar 's cave - continuous he crash into Zazu 's ribcage prison , smash it , freeing Zazu . u ext . cave - moment later ay _. banzai run out -- with Zazu wildly pecking he . banzai scream in ' pain : - banzai ow ! oo!t.. ow ! oo ! ow ! oo ! ow ! oo ! ed.run to help banzai . with banzai . and ' ed they have get Zazu . banzai leer : banzai ( cont ’d ) hasta la vista , Birdie ! reverse angle timon , aboard a charge pumbaa , run in , war whooping : 1 timon eeeee -yaaaaal ! top of hill pumbaa and timon butt the hyenas off the cliff . banzai and ed - long shot catapult through the smokey sky . as they tumble : ed hee-hee~hee - hee-hee ! banzai it 's not funny , ed. with timon , pumbaa and ed watch the hyenas fly toward a flame tree . banzai and ed hit the burn tree . with simba not os - break free of the fight hyenas . simba look around the area ' , there be no sign of scar . lightning flash reveal scar , sneaking up pride rock . simba run after scar =~ through . flame and smoke 's up : the steep incline . ) cext . '' top - of '' pride rock — moment . later '' simba emerge : from : a- wall of flame - — - he mane smoking . '' simba murderer ! ext . top of pride rock - dusk scar cower at the edge of the promontory . simba stalk hin . angle - shenzi unseen by both scar and simba , she creep up behind then . angle - simba and scar scar try to calm simba by be he same old , in - control , manipulative self . scar simba , you do not understand . it be not I . I do not kill you father . it be the hyenas . they be evil . they 's 1ll stop at nothing . ~ I be outnumber . I have to say that . angle - shenzi reacting to the betrayal . that 's it . she 's go . with simba and scar simba be neutral . we be not sure what he think about scar 's new information . scar . ( cont 'd ) na simba - simba , they be the enemy . I be you family . now that you be back ... together , we can defeat they ! we will start right now ! come , come -- tell I -- what shail I do ? we Old advice resonate : ~ stmba run away , scar . run. run away and never return . simba let . scar.up . '' scar start to slink off . _ scar ' yes . of course ... as you wish ... you ... majesty . scar - lunge : for simba . . simba move : quickly and .: flip : hin with the signature '' nala flip " -- send scar over the edge of pride rock . angle — base of pride rock scar land in the smolder ember . he see : angle - pack of hyenas emerge from the flame , walk toward scar , yiping : hyenas hee-hee ~hee — hee-hee-hee-hee ! scar smile ... scar my friend . the number of hyenas increase . they laughter become a eerie / menace choir . hyenas hee~hee ~hee - hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee - — hee-hee - hee-hee-hee-hee-hee ! the hyenas eye glaring , advance on scar . scar - he eye widen ; he smile melt into a look of horror . . scar ( cont ’d ) no ! ... no ! ... nol hyenas - ~- hee-hee - hee -hee -hee~hee - hee-hee~hee - hee~hee ~ hee ~hee -hee-hee-hee-hee ... angle ~ shadow on the wall the -hyenas .leap on scar . he scream . : scar 's -( cont ’d ) aaaaaaaa ! l hyenas hee~hee - hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee - «neehee~hee - hee-hee ... full shot flame spread closer and closer and fill the screen ... until the laughter be extinguish . seq . 20 ( epilogue / circle of life reprise ) ( music : " circle of life " ) long shot - pride rock - moment later rain fall , drench the flame . nala help sarabi up . timon , pumbaa and zazu stand with the lioness . nala and sarabi reunite ... all look up to see : simba limp , slowly make he way through the rain up pride rock . simba - close look out over he kingdom . summit of pride rock - continuqus * simba let out a magnificent roar . lionesses look up from below and answer back with joyous roar . pride rock ~ long shot rainy , grey . in the foreground , a acacia tree blacken and damage by the fire ... match . dissolve to : pride.rock —. long shot brilliant , ..flourishing ... in the foreground , ' the acacia tree ain. :full..bloom . herd of animal . have gather . '' summit ' of pride '' rock = continuous simba look out over he kingdom . he turn and look at : full shot rafiki , sarabi and nala -- who cradle they newborn cub . nala and simba nuzzle . zazu a} present timon and pumbaa -- who approach the newborn cub ( of and bow reverently . . full shot timon present a banana leaf - wrap gift to the newborn . it be a bug -- that promptly fly away . darn. simba . laugh . rafiki anoint the newborn cub with goop from he gourd . full shot rafiki sprinkle dust over the cub . the cub sneeze . so do simba . nala give simba a affectionate look and a rafiki ever so carefully pick up the newborn cub . rafiki and simba share a glance . then simba and nala . summit of pride rock : rafiki carry the cub to the edge of pride rock . rafiki hold the cub up for all to see . fade to black the end