for educational use only for educational use only www.script-fix.com the last samurai by John Logan revision by Edward Zwick &amp ; Marshall herskovitz 1 . fade in : a bright blue TIGER surrounded by a pack of dog , ten of they snarling and gnash they tooth . the TIGER be , eye burn with fury as he wheel in a circle , lung at one dog claw at another , keep they all at bay . suddenly , the TIGER leap over the dog and transform into a white bird , soar majestically into the sky . the face of a japanese man sit up into frame , sweat , waking from a dream . he be katsumoto . we will come to know he later . fade to black . credit over . the faint SOUND of a brass band . winchester rep ( v.o. ) the leader in all form of armament use by the United States Army . when you need a friend , Winchester be by you side . . the face of a american man as he smoke a cigar , barely listen . captain _ nathan algren , U.S. Army , ret , 36 year old and look every da y of it . his eye be line and sadden . he take a swig from a flask . he be backstage at : int . convention hall san francisco day where a trade show be in progress . scantily clad lovely in red-white - and - blue undy demonstrate the nation 's most important new export : arm . every weapon imaginable be on display : rifle , pistol , even howitzer . banner declaim the virtue of Winchester and Springfield . of colt and remington and Smith &amp ; wesson . crowd mill around a stage . where : winchester rep lady and gentlemen ... the Winchester Corporation be proud to bring to you ... a true american hero . a patriot who have prove he gallantry time and again on the field of battle . little tin soldier be all line up . a mass of grey . rebel troops surround a band of blue Union cavalry . a large , metal diorama . winchester rep I hope you will join we in welcoming ... late of the U.S. cavalry . the savior of sutter Hill ... Captain Nathan algren ! a last swig . algren steel himself , then stride onstage as we reveal a banner : 2 . winchester present : the MIRACLE at sutter's hill ! garish limelight from a row of foot light illuminate algren . algren my thanks , Mr. mccabe ... lady and gent . he look down at the little metal soldier and begin to tell the story of the battle that make he famous . his narration be halting , unsteady : algren ... on that fateful day , johnny reb have we in a spot , perch on the lonely top of sutter 's Hill , nothing but grey as far as the eye could see : unhorse and out of ammunition , I gaze down into the , um , mael ... mael ... ( squint to see better ) - maelstrom below we , and see they move up . we realize he be read from cue card . the little rebel soldier begin slide up the metal hill . algren I know it be fight or die . into the tooth of the enemy or we would all be bury ... bury ... ( lose he place , under he breath ) shit ... ( find it again ) ...on the same hill with we comrade a1ready go to merciful Heaven ... a sudden flash : algren 's mind . the real battle of sutter 's Hill . the grim reality be ver y different from the dash tale . Union soldier scream in agony . that horse still alive buck and froth at they tether . . algren , a lieutenant then , move among the panicked , bloody man . he stop beside a private , he brother , david algren , 19 , blonde , not much more than a boy . davey they be come , nate . he look over the wall . rebel troops be move up the hill . algren keep you head down . davey ( smile ) papa alwa ys say we should have join the navy . algren what would he know ? ( look fondly at he brother ) you watch I now . do whatever I say . . 3. davey aye -a ye , lieutenant . algren punch he shoulder and move on down the line . nearby , algren 's friend , sergeant zebulah gant , though severel y wounded , reload he revolver with the last of he ammunition . gant how're the horse ? algren better than you . smell better , too . ( look at he ) can you hold on , Zeb ? gant ( fight the pain ) I get I choice ? algren smile sadly . his mend will die loon without medical attention . algren move down the line , bullet whizzing overhead . he kneel beside colonel bagley , he commanding officer . bagley ( panic ) we need a flag . find I a goddamn white flag ! algren what be you talk about ?! bagley surrender , damn it ! that 's a order ! back to the convention hall : algren no think of surrender among that boy . better to die as God make we , we think , as soldier ... so I give the order . mister bugler , sound mount up . mister bugler , sound prepare arm . there be only thirty of we , but we have fire in we yet . I look down the hill at the destiny ordain for we . and give the order . mister . bugler , charge ! the little Union cavalry soldier begin move down slot in the hill . on sutter 's Hill : algren lead a chaotic cavalry charge down the hill toward the advance rebel infantry -- artillery explosi on - bullet snap , tree shatter . algren 's brother , davey , ride beside he . 4. the wounded sergeant gant pull himself up , wave he cap and yell . bagley remain cower behind the stone wall . back to the convention hall : algren and straight into they we go ... on sutter 's Hill : carnage . Union and confederate soldier slam together , fall , drown in mud and blood , step on by panicked hone . algren wield he saber in one hand and he revolver in the other , serve death on all side . a soldier riding next to davey be shot . a horse fall into a shellhole . back to the convention hall : algren " hip-hip hurray " we shout , for we have spirit in we yet -- more flash : algren slice right and leave with he saber . he be a truly gift swordsman . a tree branch knock davey from he horse . he sit , daze , on the ground . algren kill a rebel soldier just as be be about to fire on he . single -handedly , be rally he man , scream order , then lift he wounded brother onto the saddle beside he . he lead they downhill toward safel y , davey cling to he for dear life . back to the convention hall : algren before they know what hit they , we have break through into the rear of the rebel army . on sutter 's Hill : algren and he man gather in a copse of tree . they be giddy with the exhilaration of have survive . davey we do it , bro ' , we did it ! whoeeeee !! algren 's smile be shortlive , though . 5 . suddenly , the wood erupt with gunfire . tree be shred . algren 's man be literally cut to piece - davey be riddled with bullet , he dead body shield algren from harm until he slide , lifeless , to the mud . algren davey ---!!!! Men and horse be tear apart -- they contort and writhe in agony ­ jerk grotesquely as the bullet rip into they . algren frantica1ly try to locate the source of this firepower . then he see : a gatling gun. six barrel glisten like steel tooth . this early machine gun be the pinnacle of current military might -- 60 round a second -- a triumph in engineering . algren ahhhhhhh --!!!!! with insane courage , he wheel and charge the gun . bullet rip into horse and rider alike . algren fall , lifeless , into the mud . back to the convention hall : algren and the 23rd ride on to glory . applause . at the back of the hall three elegantly dress japanese men watch algren 's performance . they wear western frock coat and top hat algren now let I : tell you , gentleman , if there 's one thing on earth I could have have with I on that glorious day , it would have be this beauty ... algren hold up a Winchester repeat rifle . at the back of the audience we note someone else watch algren . sergeant zebulon gant , whom we last see on sutter 's Hill . algren the Winchester model ' 73 lever-action rifle . 15 shot capacity , one round - per-second , accurate at 400 yard . you will note the patent load port just beneath the cartridge chamber and the smooth cock action . ... let ' just see here -- 6 . he peer into the ejection port as he cock the weapon and sight out over the crowd . ka-boom !!! the report echoe among the scream of the lady . Dust and glass fall from a rear chandelier . algren smooth trigger action , too . audience - member murmur nervousl y. algren this be , gentleman , the gun that be win the West ... step on up and take a look . Mr. mccabe be here to answer any question and take order . I thank you . later ... a Winchester representative be hand algren a envelope . winchester rep what the hell be that ? algren get they attention , do not I ? winchester rep Boston in three week . and sober this time . he go . algren immediately start count the cash . int . seedy HOTEL room night algren sit alone on the bed . he take out a leather - bound journal and begin to write . algren ( v.o. ) June 17th , 1876 . the dead be with I tonight . they return each time I be oblige to tell they story . int . squalid bar night algren sip absinthe . he stare at the milky , green liquid before he . algren ( v.o. ) I can almost see they in the shadow , they body whole and beautiful once more . sometimes it 's as if they call to I in a sweet invitation -- 7 . ext . gas - lit STREET night algren walk in the fog . sputter gas lamp give a unearthly glow . algren ( v.o . ) " we be dead , " they whisper , " and we be happy . " int . seedy HOTEL room night algren be back in the hotel room . from he small suitcase , he take the Medal of honor , look at it for a long moment . algren ( v.o . ) " do not be afraid , " they whisper . " you have be dead , too . " a sudden flash : we be back on sutter 's Hill . algren 's slaughter cavalry litter the bloody ground , dead to the last man . a rebel army surgeon give a cursory look at each body before it be load onto a wagon . algren 's turn be no different than the other . he be declare dead and hoist unceremoniously onto the pile of corpse . back in the. hotel room .: algren sit , stare into the middle distance . algren ( v.o. ) be this why they give they life ? so that I might disgrace they memory ? he reach into the suitcase and take out a colt revol ver . stare at it , crack the cylinder to make sure it 's load . his finger wrap around the trigger , the barrel make its wa y toward he head . and then , unaccountabl y , he be laugh . algren ( v.o. ) and why , after take so many life , do I find myself incapable of take just one more ? a knock on the door . algren shut he eye , then call out . algren go awa y. gant ( V .o. ) not exactly the greeting I imagine . 8 . algren look up . he know that voice . he carefully put the revolver back into the suitcase and shut it before open the door . gant think you would see the last of I , I expect . algren be fill with emotion , which he try to hide . algren Zeb ... they embrace . algren sit. please . gant move to the proffer chair with a pronounce limp . gant ... saw you little melodrama today y. very inspiring ... . algren give up soldier to become a critic ? gant smile and shake he head . gant get a job for you , unless you be run for office ... algren I have I job . gant I mean a real job . back in uniform . algren I ' m retire . gant I do not mean a U.S. uniform . algren look at he . curious despite himself . int . restaurant night gant lead algren into a lush San Francisco restaurant . flicker gaslight and trays of lobster . colonel benjamin bagley ( whom we see in flashback ) sit with the three japanese man . bagley 's hair have grey . he 9. have he eye on a political future . bagley Nathan , good to see you . algren ( stunne ) Colonel bagley ... bagley sit down . this be Mr. omura , from Japan , and he two associate who , so far as I can tell , do not have name ... omura 40 , be a handsome and intelligent man . he watch algren closel y as algren pour a glass or whiskey from a decanter . bagley they be look to hire real american soldier to create the first japanese Imperial Army . algren look at he . bagley Japan 's get it in mind to become a civilized country and they be willing to spend what it take to hire white expert to do the job right . algren take a slow lip of whiskey . bagley sergeant gant have already agree to serve . you would be m y second - in -command . algren . with approval from Washington , of course . bagley both government prefer to consider we mission unofficial . we would be there as non-combatant bagley ( more ) only , advisor to the japanese officer . help they with training , ordinance and the like . gant you ought to think about it . , Captain . unless you intend to take up a career in the theater . algren I have a agreement with the Winchester Corporation -- I be sure this people have some concept of what a agreement be . 10 . omura suddenly speak . his English be flawless . omura you be pay seven dollar for each performance . you do , on average , fourteen performance a year . we will pay you 400 dollar . algren a year ? omura a month . algren look at he . the figure , in 1876 , be staggering . ext ship -- ocean day a steamship chum its wa y across the great Pacific . algren lean on the ship 's rail and look out into a endless processi on of wa ves . algren ( v.o. ) June 23 , 1876 . it be impossible , stand here , not to appreciate one 's , own insignificance . a dolphin crest the surface , arcing into the air . algren ( v.o. ) here there be neither past , nor future . only a oblivion of water . in he tiny cabin , algren finish write in he journal and take out a daguerreot ype of a hauntingly beautiful blond woman . algren ( v.o. ) and yet I ask myself , will the dead follow I across the ocean to this strange new land ? he stare at the woman in the picture . int . ship ­ cabin day in the main cabin , algren sit with gant and omura . algren be drink . omura ... after the shogun give up power , the daimyo ­ you would call they warlord -- know that Japan need a centralize government . so they ask 11 . omura ( cont 'd ) the hereditary Emperor , his highness the enlighten Meiji , to lead the country . algren and this warlord just ... give up hundred of year of power ? omura economic incentive be offer . most provincial leader see the financial benefit of modernization . algren what about that that do not ? omura to deal with that who have resist , the Emperor have decide to create a Army with allegiance only to he ... we consider hire advisor from Germany , but you ambassador remind we of you experience in suppress rebellious element in you Civil War . this evocation of the Civil War be not lose on algren . algren who be we suppose to be fight against ? omura his name be mori katsumoto . he be samurai . algren samurai ? omura the word you might use it " warrior " . but that do not quite capture it ... katsumoto once serve the Emperor but he be now a traitor who lead a band of traitor . he must be punish . algren look pointedly at bagley . algren you tell they about we experience together on sutter 's Hill , do you , Colonel ? bagley they know I be you commanding officer . yes . algren glare at bagley , then stand . 12 . algren Excuse I , gentleman . I need some air . ( to omura ) I be sure Colonel bagley can amuse you with more storey of patriotic gore . he walk away . omura he be insolent . bagley get he in front of the troops , you will see . top of he class at West Point . brilliant tactician . even write a book . omura why do he leave you army ? bagley what 's a hero to do when there 's no more great battle ? omura be that a evasive answer ? bagley Sir , this man be leave for dead at sutter 's Hill . doct or swore he heart have stop beat , but before they could bury he , he come back to life . after the war he fight the sioux , the cree , and the blackfoot . ( lean closer ) . Point he at the enemy . he be bear for it . int . ship -- algren' berth night algren lie in he cramped berth . can not sleep . a sudden flash : on the wagon of dead body , algren 's eye open to stare into the unblink eye of he brother , davey , half he face shot off . he try to move but be be bury beneath the weight of that pile on top of he . blood drip down into he eye and mouth , blind and choke he . back to the ship : algren awaken , bath in sweat . terror . a silhouette in the doorwa y . 13 . Colonel bagley stand look down at he . bagley I hope you realize the kind of second chance this be for you . I will not tolerate insubordination . algren reach for a nearby glass , drain it . algren court-martial I . bagley would you rather I have not recommend you for the medal . Nathan ? be that it ? algren we both know why you help I , Colonel . do not expect I to go all weepy with gratitude . bagley I expect you to do you job . save the self - pity for you own time . he turn and walk out , leave algren to stare at the empty glass . ext . ship day algren and gant stand at the rail . gant hate boat . if the Lord bad want man to sail he would not have create infantry . algren how many rime you puke today ? gant I be down to two . omura come up next to they . omura I understand you be a scholar , Captain algren . ( to gant ) have you read he book . , Mr. gant ? gant can not say I have . omura a analysis of the triumph of weapon technology over antiquated military tactic . 14 . algren ( wr y) a real page -turner . sold twelve copy . omura Nonetheless , I be impressed . I enjoy read military history . I spend two year study English at Princeton University . algren and where do you learn to speak japanese ? omura be perplex by algren 's remark , then realize he be be kidd . he laugh heartily . algren laugh with he . a connection be make . omura yes , and in japanese there be twenty - seven word for " war . " I will be impressed if you learn only half of they . . he walk away . algren watch he go . his face darken . algren I get twenty - seven word too - reb , sioux , pawnee , blackfoot , jappo . only one language when it come to war . ext . yokohama harbor day like all Japan , yokohama be at the cusp of a new era . ancient sampan and wooden schooner beside freighter and steamship . ext . yokohama ­ dock day after 23 day at sea , they be all glad to climb down the gangplank . the yokohama dock be a frenzy of language and look and smell and sound . japanese compete with german and English and french and Russian . Warehouse fl y the flag of a dozen country . one strike japanese character dominate : the symbol for , omura . it be see on building , warehouse , and the headband of score of laborer . a series of palanquin , litter carry by bearer , await we voyager . as do simon graham , a dissipate englishman who have live in Japan for many yean . slender and pale , with a occasional consumptive cough , in he 50' , he wear a white linen suit , a bit worse for wear . omura Captain algren , this be Mr. Simon Graham . he will be you translator . 15 . graham pleasure , Captain . bagley you will be quarter at the embassy for now . omura the Emperor will summon you at he pleasure . Graham usher algren and gant into they own less -ornate version . graham if you please , Captain ... algren they be gonna carry we ? graham you be guest of the Emperor . you can not walk . algren note the hood cover the face of the palanquin bearer . algren why the hood ? graham so you will not have to burden you eye by look at slave . oh , excuse I , they be servant now . ( cough , wipe a bit of blood ) this wa y , gentleman ... int / ext palanquin - yokohama street day they bearer maneuver they through the bustling street of yokohama . White face paint geishas walk alongside bearded Russians . traditional japanese kimonos alongside european suit and hat , schizophrenic world of ancient Japan versus modern commercialism . graham twenty year ago yokohama be a lovel y little port . then you commodore perry arrive and change all that . algren all this in twenty year ? graham Japan have ... embrace ... western wa ys . hire lawyer from France , doctor from Germany , naval architect from Britain , civil engineer , railway designer , scientist , teacher . and , of course , warrior from the United States . 16 . algren buying the future . graham or sell the past ... int . guest quarter day a shoji screen be open by a bow servant to reveal the clean , classic line of a japanese room . algren be about to enter when Graham stop he , indicate for algren to remove he boot . algren scowl , confuse , and struggle to pull off the high , filthy boot . he take in the foreigness of the room , a arrangement of fl ower on a low table . algren no chair ? . . graham correct . and this -- ( point to a mat ) .. be you bed . algren and this ? he point to a block of wood . graham you pillow . algren you mean to say there be no real bed in Japan ? graham for its entire history Japan he be completely aakoku , I " close country . " thirty year ago , if you have wash up on japanese soil ... you would have be behead on sight . now , they let you keep you head ... and give you a wooden pillow . ext . american embassy -. garden day later in the pristine grounds of the embassy , a garden party be in progress . incongruous lilt yankee tune be hear from the japanese band . algren and gant , now in they dress uniform wander through the party with Graham . livery servant pall trays of canapé . elsewhere we see diplomat represent all the power currently try to devour Japan : Russia ; England ; Germany ; France ; Spain ; etc . 17 . graham I remember when it be just America and the dutch . now ever ybody ' 's get into the game . they pass two german diplomat . the Germans glance to algren and gant with suspicion , bow tersely . Graham greet they in german . graham the Germans be particularly eager . algren what do they want ? graham same thing you country want . most favore nation status . algren how long have you be in Japan ? graham oh , western time quickly lose its meaning here ... I first come as part of the british legation in 1857 . but I be soon relieved of m y position , as a result of various ... disagreement with the Crown 's attitude toward the local . omura separate himself from he entourage and approach . omura gentlemen . I hope you be enjoy a taste of home . algren I have do with worse , believe I . omura America have much to offer we , though . its ' industry and ingenuity be without peer . ( ingratiate ) I have speak to the Emperor about you . he be interested in the most modem theory of warfare . algren I look forward to the opportunity of meeting he someday . omura you will have that chance sooner than you think . he have request a audience . Graham be open- mouth at this turn of event . 18 . ext . imperial palace day algren and bagley sit with Graham in a ornate carriage as they cross the moat and enter the ancestral palace of the shogun . int . imperial palace ­ antechamber day algren wait with bagley and Graham outside the throne room . graham remember that he be arahitogami . a god in human form . during the last two hundred year no emperor be even see by commoner . you may look at he , with deference , but do not speak unless you be speak to . ext . imperial court -- throne room day algren and gant be surprised to discover the live god be barely in he twenty . the divine emperor meiji be a intelligent and curious young man , yet there be a tentativeness about he . his throne be surround by advisor , principal among they be omura . nearby , the american ambassador swanbeck a cagey diplomat the throne room itself be sweeping , beautiful , and extremely restrain . everywhere , tasteful display of the traditional flower of the monarchy : chrysanthemums . the vibrant yellow bl ossom haunt the chamber . as the Emperor consider he guest , omura whisper into he ear . then : omura the Emperor bid you welcome . he wish you to know that he be most grateful for the assistance you country offer ours , in order to rid ourselves of the brutality of the provincial warlord - and to accomplish the same national harmony which you enjoy in you homeland . the Emperor speak in japanese . the advisor be non-pluss , and omura lean down for a moment to confer with he , then smile indulgently : omura the Emperor be most interested in you american Indians , and wish to know if you have see they firsthand . algren look at Graham , who nod . he may speak . 19 . algren I have see many of they , and have fight they , too . they be very brave . Graham translate . the Emperor nod and smile . emperor ( accented English ) thank ... you ... very ...much . he stand . everyone else hurry to follow suit . the audience be over . ext . palace garden day atgren , Graham , and bagley walk through the palace grounds . bagley that young pup run this country ? graham that " pup " run the country no more than I do . he be install as a figurehead at age twelve when the warlord realize Japan need a central government . but do not be fool -- he may be a powerless god , but to this people he 's a god nonetheless . general yoshitaka appear . he be a seasoned soldier in he 40' . a decent man . he stop before they , bow quickly . graham gentlemen , may I present General yoshitaka . he will assist you in training the army . algren General . algren offer he hand . General yoshitaka do not take it . he bowl he head and speak a few word . Graham translate : yoshitaka / graham he greet you with extreme courtesy and ask if you be ready to meet the Imperial Army . ext . parade ground day about a thousand japanese soldier in baggy uniform be milling around a large parade ground . each have a old single shot rifle . algren , gant , and yoshitaka look down on they from a review stand . gant Jesus .... 20 . algren ask the General what training they ' have have . Graham speak to General yoshitaka , then translate he response . yoshitaka / graham he sa ys ... we have train they not to shoot they ... ass off . algren glance to General yoshitaka , who look back wr yl y. algren sergeant gant , have the man stand to attention . gant Imperial Army , atten-tion ! Graham translate , rather mildly . algren for God 's sake , let 's not keep it a secret who 's in charge here ... Mr. gant . gant ( roar ) all right you slanty -eyed little bastard stand up straight or I will shit - kick every one of you cocksucker !! as the soldier immediately stand to attention , we begin a montage of the training of the first Imperial Army : we see gant drilling the man . shout at he translator . try to get they to march in formation . algren be nearby , watch . algren ( v.o. ) August 4,1876 . as I watch this new army train , I can not help but think of that who ride with I in I 23rd cavalry . algren sit in he tent , write in he journal . outside , the japanese be be teach the basic of fire tactic . algren ( v.o. ) for four year they have survive , never once shrink from the fire . and so , when give my order to charge the advance rebel infantry , they never hesitate . ... and they all die . we see algren show the japanese how to fire in formation . the old single - shot rifle they carry make reloading a painfully slow process . 21 . algren ( V .o. ) now I be training another army . in another civil war . algren and gant spar with saber - algren 's expertise far exceed gant 's , a fact which gant accept with good humor . algren ( v.o. ) be this why I be spare ? once again to lead man to they death ? it be sunset algren , Graham , and General yoshitaka watch the training . General yoshitaka speak . yoshltaka / graham ... the problem be they be peasant . they have never have this sort of responsibility or power . algren watch gant march beside the japanese . they be illuminate by the majestic red sunset algren ( to Graham ) ask he if they have a flag . Graham translate . genera1 yoshitaka respond . graham no flag . algren they need a flag . ext . tokyo ­ STREET evening Tokyo be a city in chaos . everything seem out of balance . dystopic . a collision of Eastern and western . algren and gant watch as Graham prepare to take a photograph of a old merchant in front of he store . graham ... I have be do this for year . try to capture it before it 's all go . afraid I be lose the battle . algren silently watch the passer - by . something draw he attention : across the street . a man be stride down the crowded sidewalk . his martial bearing , two sword , traditional dress and unique top knot of hair instantly identify he to we as a samurai . . we will meet he again later , he be ujio . a terse , grim man in he 40' . his proud gait and rigid , imperious manner intrigue algren . 22 . most of the people on the sidewalk instantly step out of the wa y , bow in deference . but two young japanese in western dress do not . ujio stand before they , wait for they to move . they do not . tense word be exchange . ujio glare at they . algren watch . algren Mr. Graham ... graham ah ... now this should be interesting ... he 's wait for they to show deference . across the street , uji of bark out some harsh command to the two japanese man . they laugh in response . then one of the man raise a hand and bark some clearly disrespectful word back -- like lightning -- ujio pull out he long samurai sword - it flash -- cleanly behead the disrespectful japanese man -- the behead corpse begin to fall -- in one smooth motion , ujio wipe he blade clean of the corpse as it fall and sweep it back into its scabbard . the other man immediately drop to he belly , prostrate himself . without another glance , ujio walk awa y . his face be completely impassive . gant what the hell be that ? graham that ... be a samurai . int . restaurant night sergeant gant gaze unhappily at he dinner : glisten raw fish ; tepid beancurd ; boil rice . algren , gant , Graham , and General yoshitaka sit cross -legge on the floor . gant find this extremely uncomfortable . graham ... before the edict ever y citizen have to prostrate himself in the presence of a samurai . algren what edict be that ? graham the Council of State have be pass a series of law design to eliminate the samurai . gant why ? 23 . graham because you be here now , sergeant ... for the last 800 year guard Japan and fight she war be the exclusive occupation of the samurai . the next course arrive . thick , black eel . gant groan . graham Men like mori katsumoto be the most elite caste in japanese societ y until the Council of State -- lead by you friend omura - decide the whole class have to go ... ( munch eel ) ... most of the samurai accept the new law . but some do not . or could not . like katsumoto . General yoshitaka speak up . Graham translate : graham General yoshitaka bid you to remember that the word samurai mean " one who serve . " they whole existence be base on serve they country as warrior . Graham finish translate , then continue on he own : graham . you Imperial Army be take awa y they only reason for be ... so what be they to do now ? algren consider this as he pour another cup of sake . . algren this be sake ? graham sake . Rice wine . yoshitaka hie ! sake . algren sake .. ( to yoshitaka ) good . yoshitaka nod . enthusiastically try a English word . yoshitaka good ! 24 . graham vex people , the samurai . blood -thirsty , honorable , cruel , fabulousl y artistic . want to write a book about they for year , but no westerner can get close enough . algren ask he if he ever see a samurai in battle . Graham look at atgren . graham he be samurai . algren look at yoshitaka with new eye . ext . tokyo ­ STREET night later that night . algren and gant , a little drunk by now , wander Tokyo 's bustling red light district . like Amsterdam , the geishas sit in window face the street . int . geisha house night this be certainly not the whorehouse they expect . elegant japanese furnishings . lovel y flute music . the madam lower she head and speak quietly in greeting . gant my friend and I be look for some companionship ... the madam speak no English . gant speak louder , as if to a deaf person . gant lady of the evening ? hootchie-contchie ? boom-boom ? algren ( embarrassed ) Zeb. ( try a bow to the madam ) ... so sorry . gant flash a fistful of japanese currency . gant universal language . boyo . the madam nod and bow . almost magically , two beautifully - dress geishas appear , they face be paint pure white . 25 . one of the geishas smile . her tooth be blacken , to better set off the whiteness of she face paint gant that one 's yours . int . geisha house ­ room night algren and gant be lead into a elegant room with paper screen , and a table set for the japanese tea ceremony . . gant try to take the arm of one of the geishas - but she move awa y , gesture for he to sit the other begin the tea ceremony . algren no tea ... sake . a musician play a traditional lute . the geisha begin a graceful fan dance . gant fan dance . saw this once in Chicago . algren smile at the geisha prepare the . she smile back . algren pour himself a cup of sake . later ... the sake bottle be empty . the interminable lute music continue . gant be increasingly agitate as the geisha continue she dance . algren can not help but laugh at he frustration . finally gant have have enough . he rise , a bit unsteady from the sake . gant okay , darlin ' time to get down to business : he shoos the musician out of the room , then approach the geisha , who shrink from he intention . algren Zeb . I do not think she -- gant she 's just shy . who know what we white devil have get in we trousers , eh , darlin' ? he take she arm . she resist - she voice rise . gant come on , now . he try to pull she along . her kimono tear . she call out in terror . two man appear , bouncer presumably , but alight of build . 26 . algren oh , shit . the madam yell angrily at gant in japanese . push he out roughly . gant now , hold on there , sister . I pay good money . one of the bouncer put he hand , politely , on gant 's arm . gant back off , short -stuff . this time , the bouncer be more insistent . gant take a swing at he . wrong move . before gant know what hit he , the little man use gant 's momentum in a akido move to flip he to the mat , hard . algren can only stare , in awe , at the lethal move . as the second bouncer move to confront he , bow apologetically , algren speak in English , smile , know they can not understand a word he 's say . algren obviousl y you can kick the shit out of people much larger than you , so we will be leave now ... ext . _ parade ground day the training continue . we see gant , now sport a black eye . algren walk with General yoshitaka and Graham . Graham translate : yoshitaka / graham the General wish to know if you bad a pleasant evening ? algren look at yoshitaka , who give he . wry look .. algren it be ... educational ( yoshitaka nod ) would the General mind tell I more about we common enemy ? yoshitaka look at he . have algren deliberately use the word , " enemy , " know that yoshitaka , too , be a samurai ? algren give nothing awa y. yoshitaka / graham ... mori katsumoto be a extremely charismatic leader . to that who honor the old way , he 's a hero . his force be estimate at about five hundred and grow by the day . all samurai . algren what kind of man be be ? Graham translate . General yoshitaka consider he word . 27 . yoshitaka / graham katsumoto have no fear . he have no pity . he be kotsutai - - the soul of old Japan ... he be my honore kinsman . algren kinsman ? yoshitaka / graham we grow up together in yoshino . marched together and fight together . he be kaishaku the brother of my spirit . algren consider this as they observe rifle practice . erratic but improve . algren note yoshitaka 's reaction . the rifle seem to make he unhappy . algren ask he what kind of gun katsumoto have . graham the samurai do not use gun . algren no , ask he what kind of firearm they have . Graham oblige . yoshitaka respond , with disdain : yoshitaka / graham the samurai no longer dishonor themselves by touch firearm . algren be surprised at this bit of information . a servant approach , bow . graham Colonel bagley require you . int . tent day Colonel bagley and algren stand at a map . omura sit . algren they be not a fight unit yet bagley we have no choice . ( refer to the map ) -- the railroad have be stop here . just as it enter yoshino , katsumoto 's province . 28 . omura Captain , we cannot govern a country in which we cannot tr avel freel y. ... katsumoto 's provocation be strategic . his defeat will demonstrate to the other disloyal samurai that resistance be a act devoid of honor . bagley the rebel do not have a single rifle . they be savage with bow and arrow . you get up there and show them how it ' , do . algren with respect , sir , I need more time . omura with all due respect . this railroad can not wait . he bow and leave they alone . bagley spin on atgren . bagley you think we be the only country interested in Japan ?! you do not think the Germans and the french would like to oversee the new army ? algren Colonel -- bagley ( brutally ) why do you think we be here , Captain ? because remington and colt and Winchester have powerful ally in Washington . we be here to sell a shitload of american gun ... and steel ... and timber . that should not be bud for a Winchester whore like you to understand . algren look at he , murderously . algren yes , air . ext . ruined village day a steam engine lend plume of smoke into the air as it wait . algren , bagley , and General yoshitaka ride along the railroad line . the Imperial Army follow , with sergeant gant , on foot . a traditional japanese village be be tear aside to make room for the railroad line . house be be levele and black smoke drift up . the displace villager gather belonging . omura guard herd they about rather bruta1ly . 29 . railroad worker be lay a new spur , building a brick station . atgren note the by now familiar omura symbol on the new water tower and on the headband of the guard and worker . algren what be that sign ? graham it 's the symbol for the omura Zaibatsu . algren Zaibatsu ? graham Old family business that own ever ything worth own . the molt powerful be the omura Zaibatsu . that 's you friend , omura . algren they own all of this ? graham they do now . severe head on pike line the road , a warning to that who continue to resist algren ( v.o. ) October 24,1876 . today we enter kansai province . here the local warlord have all be convinced to accept the emperor 's rule . they pass a particularly wrenching sight . villager kneel outside what use to be a shinto temple . the railroad track cut straight through it . algren ( v.o. ) we destination be yoshino , home of the rebel katsumoto . protected by high mountain pass , it can be reach only during the summer month , and even then with great difficulty . the Army move on . ahead be tower mountain . ext . mountain pass day the Imperial Army wind its way up I steep mountain pass . algren ( v.o. ) a long march . and then a battle . a new enemy , but the same feel I have in my gut at twenty - one , in the cornfield at antietam -- man will die here , today , and will I be among they ? 30 . ext . mountain plain morning fog . obscure everything . algren and bagley , on horseback , wait with Graham . General yoshitaka and a few japanese commander be mount as well . the thousand strong japanese Army be on foot they stand , rifle ready . , algren ( to Graham ) ask he how they will come at we . Graham speak to General yoshitaka . yoshitaka respond : yoshitaka / graham they will come straight on . they will push forward and keep on attack ... and he add that there be no samurai word for " retreat . " algren prepare himself . they wait . General yoshitaka be suddenly alert . he speak quietly to Graham . yoshitaka / graham he sa ys they be come ... algren gaze into the thick fog ahead , see nothing . bagley look worried . bagley Captain algren , have you post a rear guard to protect we supply train ? algren yes . bagley who be oversee they deployment ? algren be somewhat confuse by the question . algren no one . bagley Mr. Graham , you will accompany I to the rear . I want to be certain we be protect from any surprise assault . graham yes . of course . before algren can respond , bagley have leave the front line with Graham in 31 . tow . gant watch as they head out of harm 's wa y. . gant Son of a bitch . algren ( almost to himself ) ... I be go to kill he . gant waste of good ammo . gant check he two revol ver . the methodical click of the chamber as he check he round be the only sound . . then absolute silence . a light snow begin to fall . algren continue to peer into the fog . nothing . then a sound ... distant ... building through the fog ... the steady rumble of horse . slowl y approach . closer and closer ... algren note some of the japanese soldier be literally shaking in fear . algren peer again into the fog . nothing . but the sound be closer . then the sound abruptly stop . silence break only by the murmured prayer of some of the soldier . algren sergeant gant , order the troops to assume staggered fire position . gant Imperial Army , assume staggered fire position . his order be translate . the japanese soldier prepare to fire , one row kneel , the other stand behind they . one of the japanese soldier faint from sheer tension . algren can see nothing through the dense fog . the tension be unbearable . then a form on horseback ... ghostly ... like lame sort of medieval monster . a elaborate , horn helmet . sweep samurai armor . all we can see it the eerie silhouette in the fog . like something from a nightmare . and then another figure ... and another ... as 500 mount samurai warrior slowl y move into position . 32 . the japanese troops be terrify gant ( quickly ) hold the line ... hold the line ... the order be translate . a terrible , beautiful moment of absolute stasis . nothing move . the japanese soldier wait . the ghostly silhouettes wait . silence . then -- as if a silent signal be give -- the samurai suddenly charge , emerge from the fog in a great wave --! the force of a tsunami . the silence be shattered as the charge samurai roar out ancient war - cry that chill the blood -- sweeping forward on they hone like lightning - sword and spear flash algren FIRE ! the japanese troops fire then quickly begin try to reload they single shot rifle -- other fumble at the ask and then break and run -- panic and chaos -- algren hold the line ! too late -- the samurai be on they -- they attack with a intensity few have ever see -- many of the japanese soldier try to escape , turn and run in blind panic -- they be butcher -- run through by the ashigaru , cut inhalf by the naginata . that soldier who laboriousl y try to reload they rifle be quickly mow down by ferocious cloud of samurai arrow , fire by mount samurai . algren sound fall back ! sound fall back ! a bugler sound the order . the Army begin to retreat . but suddenly they be attack from behind as well ! arrow shoot from the fog and more mount samurai appear . 33 . they be surround . algren , gant , and the japanese offi cer call out order but all discipline soon break down -- it be every man for himself -- the battle swirl ever ywhere around we . fleeing soldier be run through by lance , run down and trample by horse . each samurai wear individual , vibrantly col ore armor . various battle flag sweep through the fog . gant use he two cavalry revolver -- fire constantly -- finally out of ammo he drop from he horse in the cavalry st yle and pull a Winchester repeat rifle , crouching and quickly fire -- algren use he revol ver first -- fire as he turn on he horse -- when the revol ver be empty he pull he cavalry saber . he manage to parry the lethal blow as the samurai hurtle past -- but one samurai , he armor all in black , come at he on a collision course and slam into he , send both horse and rider to the ground . algren scramble to he foot , he saber nowhere to be find as another rider head toward he carry a lance . algren manage to grab it and throw the rider to the ground , wrestle the lance from he grip and run he through . in the midst of the battle we notice a peculiar thing . one samurai be just sit on he horse . watch algren . this samurai wear a black mask . the masked samuari watch algren fight . algren now wield the lance to battle the horseman as they sweep past . he spear one and then unseat another . when a third samurai cut he lance in half , algren use the remain half as a club to take he down . the masked samurai continue to watch algren . algren 's tenacity be amazing . he continue to fight with heroic passion , refuse to give a inch , long after that around he have fle . then a blaze of bright yellow ­ a samurai in yellow armor gallop past , fire arrow steadily from horseback . his control and speed be astounding . we will come to know he as yoritomo , a handsome young samurai . yoritomo fire arrow upon arrow ­ the speed be breathtaking ­ two arrow slam into gant , knock he to the ground . the battle , meanwhile , have become a rout . that Imperial soldier who fight be easily cut down . that who flee be run down like prey . Left alone , algren find himself confront by ashigaru ­ samurai foot soldier carry pike . he turn to discover he retreat cut off by other 34 . samurai wield katana ­ the lethal long sword . but rather than give any quarter , algren launch a attack . he kill one samurai before he be run through , at the shoulder , by a lance . in agony , algren snap off the hilt of the lance , leave its tip bury deep in he chest , and fight on . he manage to parry a blow ­ which slice into he side . the next blow take off a piece of he scalp . blood fl ow down he face and into he eye . algren be now surround by ten samurai . a man 's heroic stand against certain death be of great interest to they . as they begin to close in , algren whirl the lance around , a tatter battle - flag with TIGER insignia still dangle from the end . the masked samurai remove he mask . it be the japanese man , whose dream of the tiger we glimpse at the beginning of the story . his eye wide in surprise , he watch he dream come to life -- the blue tiger hold the dog at bay . in slow motion algren whirl the lance , as one samurai , wear blood - red armor , advance . with a murderous smile , he draw he katana . algren seem spend ­ he drop to one knee , sway , on the brink of lose consciousness . . but as the red samurai , let out a battle cry and propel himself forward for the death blow - algren suddenly leap up and propel the jag wooden end of the break lance into the unprotect throat of he attacker . as the samurai fall , the rest of he comrade close in to cut algren off . a harsh command stop they in they track . the masked samurai leap from he horse . everyone step aside deferentially so that be might pass by without be jostle . . he look down at algren , then remove he battle helmet . and we meet _mori katsumoto , the leader of the samurai . he it a impose man of about algren 's year . sense that he be about to be kill , algren pull himself t of he knee , and swing he saber at katsumoto . with blind speed , katsumoto pull he katana from its scabbard . algren 's saber be snapped cleanly in two . katsumoto look down at algren . then gant appear behind katsumoto -- limping toward he , cock he rifle , urgently try to save algren -- ujio , ( the samurai we see earlier on the street of Tokyo ) leap to protect he Lord . his sword flash -- 35 . gant be eviscerate . algren watch in horror . a dreadful beat as gant stand , pathetically try to hold he gut in . then he sink to he knee . katsumoto turn , leap back onto he horse and trot off . algren finally wrench himself from under he horse . he crawl to gant , blood pour from he own injure back and shoulder . gant be dead . algren look up to see the battle be lose . the japanese soldier have fle . or be surrender , injure or dead . and he see one other thing . General yoshitaka be still on he horse , head down . he have not pull he sword . he have not be hurt . katsumoto ride to yoshitaka . a few serious word be exchange . katsumoto bow he bead in respect , seem to agree to something . both man climb from they horse . General yoshitaka pull out a small b1ade and hand it to katsumoto , who hold it out firmly . General yoshitaka quickly and calmly pull himself on to the blade , plunging it into he stomach , embrace katsumoto . it be seppuku -- the traditional form of samurai suicide . algren watch , stunne . then a terrible scream cut through the battlefield . algren see samurai calmly walk among the injure and capture Imperial soldier .. kill they one by one with a single stroke . algren look over the slaughter . and then pass out , bill wound overcome he . fade to ... ext . mountain pass day algren be unconscious , tie to a horse . the mount samurai move up a treacherous mountain pass , disappear into the soar mountain of yoshino . ext . village sunset katsumoto 's village be the other Japan . the Japan we have not yet see . the gorgeous mountain scenery of yoshino envelope the village . snow - cap mountain soar in the distance . a valley below with rice field . 36 . after the turmoil of Tokyo , this place seem a bucolic paradise . traditional , wooden japanese architecture . farming . the sense of harmony so markedly absent from the city . algren , barely conscious , hunch over he horse . he have lose a lot of blood . katsumoto lead he samurai into the village . as he pass , ever y person in the village touch he or she forehead to the ground to show respect . most of this villager have never see a white face and gaze at algren with curiosity . and suspicion . katsumoto dismount in a large square , the rest of he man follow suit . a samurai help algren painfully slide from he horse . katsumoto move to the step of the large house . his officer fall into formation around he . algren note ujio - the grim samurai who kill gant -- in jet black armor , glaring at he coldl y . ujio walk forward and scream at algren in japanese . algren do not move . this only make ujio more angry . he pace back and forth like a cage panther spitting invective at algren . algren do not move . he watch uji of evenly . this take incredible will . his wound be so bad that - he can barely stand . suddenly - ujio draw he long sword -- it slashes through the air - the blade sing -- and stop a inch away from algren 's face ! algren do not move . ujio bring the cut edge ' into contact with algren 's check . blood run where even this feather - light touch cut algren 's skin . algren do not move . ujio glare at he . then sheathes he sword and walk away . katsumoto look at algren deepl y , gaug he . then be speak . in English . algren be surprised . katsumoto you can not escape . we be deep in the mountain and winter be come . katsumoto turn and walk into he house . uji of follow he . algren collapse . fade to black . as algren begin he time at the heart of the samurai world . int . yoritomo's house night algre n '. eye open ... a woman be lean close , she eye intent on the task of sewing up he wound . she be beautiful , but he be not really conscious enough to notice , or 37 . even feel the pain . he black out again . int . yoritomo's house night algren wake again . he be lie on a simple mat . his injury be such that he can barely move he head . he take in the traditional japanese furnishings . a red ball roll across the floor . and after it ... toshiie , a little boy . around four . the boy l ook at algren. offer he the ball . smile . atgren black out ... int yoritomo's house another day algren 's eye open ... through the archway he can see toshiie and he older brother higen , around ten . also the beautiful woman who earlier be stitching he wound . from he recumbent position , algren watch as she minister to the boy , who be dearly she son . algren be fascinate by she grace and the sweet attention she give they . she seem to sense he . her eye raise , meet bit . she speak to someone , and yoritomo appear . he be twenty - one , too young to be the woman 's husband . yoritomo come into algren 's room . speak to he . algren shake he head . do not understand yoritomo speak to the woman , who approach and place bowl of soup in front of algren . he ignore it the boy stand in the doorwa y. yoritomo shoos they awa y. algren glance up at the : woman . her eye avoid he , she expression be opaque . int . yoritomo's house another day algren now sit in the main room . the woman be change the dress on he wounded right shoulder and arm . yoritomo kneel across from algren . he be impressed at the many battle wound on algren 's body ; the old bullet wound and scar . in japanese , he indicate he admiration . algren he no idea what yoritomo be say . finally he interrupt with the only japanese word he have bother to learn : algren sake . 38 . yoritomo 's face break into a wide smile . yoritomo sake ? algren sake . yoritomo glance to the woman . she nod , and bring atgren a saucer of sake . he drink it down . hold out the saucer for a refill smiling , yoritomo indicate for the woman to comply , but before she can pour another saucer , algren take the jug out of she other hand . yoritomo laugh as algren drink it down . ext . village night Autumn leave fall to the ground . in a tiny hut , the village swordsmith begin work on a samurai blade . int . yoritomo's house night algren writhes on he mat . trapped in he recurrent nightmare . a sudden flash : the wagonload of the dead . davey 's bl oody corpse close in on algren suffocating he . back in the house yoritomo and the woman be asleep in separate room . a pierce scream shatter the night ext . village following the scream continue . lamp be light around the village ... int . yoritomo's house following yoritomo and the woman hurry to algren 's room -- algren in the throes of he recur nightmare - awaken , disorient . algren sake . yoritomo and the woman confer . yoritomo look it algren and shake he head , no . 39 . algren sake ! yoritomo refuse -- algren roar and try to rise . laugh at algren 's ferocit y in he weaken condition , yoritomo easily push he back down . algren fold in on himself , rock like a feral animal . ext . yoritomo's house night katsumoto stand outside the house , draw by the commotion . ujio stand with he , shaking he bead . ujio ( subtitles ) my lord , why do you spare the barbarian ? he be shame in defeat , be should kill himse1f . katsumoto ( subtitles ) the barbarian do not know hit shame . ujio ( subtitles ) then I will kill he . katsumoto ( pat he ; subtitles ) ujio - San , he will still be shame tomorrow or in a month . for now there be thing I wish to learn . ext . village day a glimpse of village life -- fish be hang on line to dry , child chase each other , clothes be wash in the river , and in the rice field below , farmer squat as they have for thousand of year . in he hut , the swordsmith continue to hammer and fold the blade . int . yoritomo's house night algren sit hunch in a dark corner . his body be convulse with shiver . his withdrawal from alcohol , he wound , he isolation and he imagine sin be devour he . . then we see he be not alone . the woman stand in the doorway , watch he closel y. finally she enter with a bowl of soup . he glance up , something like panic in he eye . she kneel and attempt to hand he the soup , but be knock it out of the wa y and grab she by the throat . 40 . algren sake ! she stare at he , the breath be squeeze out of she , but there be not even a whisper of fear in she eye . she be utterly impassive . shaken , he let she go , and crumple to the floor . . algren ( mumble to himself ) sake ... the woman leave the soup and wa1k away . int . yoritomo's house day later daylight stream in , find algren lie on he back . the worst of the detox be past . as be lie there , this first moment of repose lead to : a sudden flash of memory : the beautiful blond woman from the picture laugh merrily , and fall back languorousl y in a grassy fi eld . back in the room algren shake off the memory as harsh sound from outside draw he to the window . . ext . yoritomo's house morning algren watch from the window as the samurai train . it be like nothing else in the world . part sacred ritual , part martial preparation , samurai training com bine athletic prowess and graceful artistry into one effortless whole . finally well enough to walk , algren come out onto the porch to watch the spectacle . in front of he , be a kendo ( the Way of the sword ) master practice with they long and short sword . they have incredible control . nakao , a mountain of a man , be a karate master . he stand unarm , four samurai face he . they attack with wooden sword . he effortlessly defeat they -- the agility of the huge man be shocking . kyudo ( " the Way of the bow " ) master use they bow for target practice . yoritomo hold a bundle of arrow . in the distance , a line of plum . algren watch . yoritomo just seem to stand there , he eye hall - open . and then -- in a stun blaze of movement -- yoritomo fire the arrow -- one after another , amazingly fast -- cleanly hit each plum . the final arrow split the previous one as it bury itself in the tree . a wooden sword lean against the porch . algren idly pick it up , feel its balance . in a flash , uji of have race over and grab it from he . algren stand motionless as ujio scream at he . 41 . the training stop , as everyone watch uji of berate algren . even as ujio continue scream . algren simply shake he head , turn awa y , and walk back into the house . int . yoritomo's house day as the sound of training resume outside , algren explore the house . he come upon higen and toshiie play with the red ball . they be embarrassed to encounter he alone . there 's a moment of suspension , and then higen throw the ball to algren . algren look back and forth between the two boy , fix he gaze on higen but throw the ball to toshiie , cause both boy to laugh and run awa y. algren walk on . int . SMALL room day algren open a slide shojii screen and discover a small room that have be make into a kind of shrine . candy and incense burn , a small buddha sit on a dais , and algren 's eye be draw to what seem like a apparition stand in the corner . the bright red armor of the warrior algren kill in the fog , be hold upright by a unseen stand . it be almost as if the dead warrior himself be swing back at he . algren sense someone behind he and turn . the woman be stand across the hall . they eye meet . she turn , and walk away . ext . village night a first , light snowfall have cover the ground . atgren walk out into the still night . he turn a corner and confront curious sight : ten warrior kneel , motionless in the snow , they eye close in concentration . as algren puzzle over this , he become aware that katsumoto be now stand next to he . katsumoto they be training . algren train what ? katsumoto they mind . it be call bushido ... 42 . algren look at he . he have never hear the word . katsumoto the wa y of the warrior . we study from when we be young . be my word correct ? algren do not respond . katsumoto I will practice my eng1ish with you . algren why do you learn English ? katsumoto to know m y enemy . algren if I be you enemy , why have you not kill I ? katsumoto do not answer . algren be General yoshitaka you enemy ? katsumoto no , I honor he memory as my kinsman . algren that why you help he kill himself ? katsumoto if a samurai be defeat in battle , he must take he own life to spare himse1 for the shame of capture . it be require that he kaishaku he trust friend , help he . I be honore to by he kaishaku . algren Hell of a honor . katsumoto it be he destiny . he know it , he die at peace . algren who be the warrior in the red armor ? katsumoto my son-in -law . his name be hiroshi . algren and the woman who care for I ? 43 . katsumoto my daughter , hiroshi 's wife . her name be taka . algren be incredulous . algren I kill she husband ? katsumoto it be a honorable death . katsumoto walk awa y. int . yoritomo's house day algren it now well enough to kneel at the table with the other . taka treat he with utter politeness and dignity . he watch she intently , seek any sign of the animosity he 's certain she must feel . she hand he a bowl of rice . algren ( smile politely ) you hope I choke on it , do not you ? she bow , uncomprehend . algren you want to poison it and watch I fall over the table and foam at the mouth . yoritomo bow in response to algren 's new willingness to communicate . yoritomo ( to taka , subtitles ) I promise I will make he take a bath . taka ( subtitles ) soon. please . . ext . village -- bathing tub day yoritomo lead algren to a large , wooden bathing tub in I secluded part of the village . a bank fire smolder beneath it . embarrass , yoritomo indicate to algren that be need to bathe . algren strip off he filthy uniform then lower himself into the steaming water . yoritomo begin take off hit own kimono . atgren be take aback . use to western privacy , he be a bit disquieted about bathing with another man . yoritomo , unconcern , climb into the tub . he chat pleasantly as they bathe , show off he old battle wound . 44 . algren 's discomfort turn to outright alarm when a toothless old grandmother appear . . she happily strip and join they in the tub ! algren sink a little lower into the water . the old grandmother smile at he with she toothless grin . ext . village day algren . feel self - conscious in the clean kimono he 's wear for the first time , walk back with yoritomo . kid start walk with they , point at he japanese garb , laugh as he stumble in he wooden clog . they pass by ujio training a group of samurai use wooden kendo sword . nearby , higen and toshiie be imitate the grown-ups , sparring with wooden sword that be much too big for they . yoritomo watch he nephew proudly , murmure detail of they prowess to algren , who have no idea what he 's talk about . higen charge he little brother , but go careen past , right toward algren , who deftl y dodge out of the wa y . this cause gale of laughter from the boy , one of whom take toshiie 's sword and offer it to algren . algren look at the sword in he hand and unthinkingly twirl if with a f1ourish -- cause the boy to applaud . yoritomo bow , and encourage atgren in higen 's direction . algren shake he head politely , but higen be already on the attack . algren dodge one thrust , then parry another , as the boy begin to cheer . suddenly , ever yone go silent . algren turn . ujio be stand behind he , arm fold . ujio bark a command in japanese . he want algren to drop the sword . it be obvious to algren what it must mean , but he do nothing . ujio approach algren slowl y. algren hold the wooden sword casually , only he eye betray the tension of the moment . ujio 's wooden sword flash , quick than the eye can follow . algren 's sword be knock from he hand , then , somehow in the same fluid movement , ujio bring the sword around and crack algren across the chest hard enough to knock the breath from he body and lend he to he kneel . satisfied with himself , uji of start to walk away , but the expression of the bystander cause he to turn back : . algren be stand again , and again hold the sword . with grim purpose , uji of return to algren , who have assume a ready pose . again ujio 's sword flash . algren manage to parry one blow , before he be crack across the face , and blood begin to flow free1y from he nose . 45 . ujio knock algren 's leg out from under he , and while algren be sprawling on the ground , ujio kick algren 's sword out of he hand , and start away . again , algren manage to stand up , and before ujio can turn , charge he . but uji of do not need to turn . in a slide move , he dodge and crack algren in the side , then the leg , then the neck . gasp for breath , at least one rib break , algren writhes on the ground . ujio dig the point of he sword into algren 's hand until he release he grip . again ujio kick the sword away . the ever-enlarging crowd gasp as algren once again struggle to he foot . this time without hesitation , uji of run back and rain blow upon algren 's now defenseless body . first the wrist , then the back , then the stomach , then finally the head . algren hit the ground , unconscious , he finger still clutching the sword . ujio reach down , pries it from he finger , and break it across he knee . int . yoritomo's house evening algren lie painfully on a mat , he eye unfocus . a sudden flash of memory : the lovel y blond woman , tear in she eye , look up to algren 's shine face , the epaulet on he crisp officer 's , uniform gleam gold in the sun . the reverie be break . as taka kneel to swab the cut on he face . he stare at she darkly . algren who be you people anywa y? she make no attempt to understand or respond . algren you have no God , you have no mercy , you do not even have any fuck wall . you wall be make of paper , what 's the matter with you ? she push he head aside so she can attend to he neck . algren this man try to kill I and I have do nothing to he , and you , I kill you husband and you act like , what ? like I be a guest in you house . what be wrong with you ? this last say so intensely that she glance at he before pick up a bowl of soup she have bring for he , and bring it to he lip ... algren do you have a soul at all ? 46 . he stare at she for a moment , then knock the soup out of she blind . her eye flash for one moment , before resume they usual mildness . but that flash be enough to satisfy he , and he calm down . she walk away . he sigh , exhaust , only to see she approach again with a new bowl . they eye meet , and hold for a moment . she do have a soul . he take a sip . int . shinto shrine day algren be lead past baldhead monk into a ancient shrine . katsumoto kneel before a small altar . he do not seem aware that algren be present . katsumoto ujio be teach you the wa y of the japanese sword . algren be that what he 's do ? katsumoto at what age do you become I soldier ? algren nineteen . ka tsumoto to fight in you american civil war . algren yes . ka tsumoto tell I about that war ' . algren what about it ? katsumoto everything . algren everything about the civil war ? katsumoto sit impassively , stare at the altar . algren that would take a year . katsumoto you have press business elsewhere ? shake he head , algren sit down . 47 . algren the civil war begin on April 12 . 1861 when the reb attack Fort sumter . well , actually , it probabl y begin three year earlier when the Supreme Court decide a runaway slave have to be return to he master disolve to : the two of they , hour later -- algren -- and pickett say he want to do it , over longstreet 's objection and Lee do not know what to think , but he let he . so 15,000 man go up that hill . and most of they die . katsumoto be that wise ? algren no , it be stupid . katsumoto why ? algren the point of a battle be to win , or at least have enough man survive to fight another day . katsumoto you do not try to survive when we take you prisoner . algren eye he , frustrated . algren what do you want from I ? katsumoto what do you want for yourself ? algren you know they be not go to ransom I . katsumoto we have little use for money . 48 . algren ( mount fury ) then what be you do , why be you ask I this question , what be go on here ? katsumoto the snow will melt in May , and the pass will open , and the event of the world will unfold . until that time , you be here . ( smile ) I enjoy this conversation in you English . I hope you will honor I with more tomorrow . katsumoto stand , bow , and leave . int . yoritomo's house day Young toshiie sit near algren . he labor over a scroll with a brush , the gentle brush stroke be hypnotic as they sweep across the rice paper . algren try to indicate that he would like pen and paper for himself . toshiie give he what he ask . algren begin to write : algren ( v.o. ) Day unknown , month unknown , 1876 . I continue to live among this strange people . ext . village day katsumoto watch ujio bark order to the man he be training . a sudden Movement of they eye , cause uji of to stop . he turn to find : algren stand at the end of the line , hold I wooden sword . a almost imperceptible look pass bet ween ujio and katsumoto , but ujio 's resentment be over-rule . without a word , he continue . algren do he best to follow the exercise . katsumoto , the slight hint of a smile on he face , walk away . algren ( v.o. ) each day I be confound by they strange custom and contradiction , savagery follow by mildness . int . yoritomo's house night algren now kneel at the table with the rest of the family as they eat . he be in considerable pain from the rigor of training . he try to roll the stiffness out of he neck , when be notice that higen it imitate he . toshiie laugh . 49 . algren ( v.o. ) they seem to value nothing more than they family , and yet they kill defenseless wounded man without a shade of remorse .. yoritomo sternly tell higen not to make fun of they guest . yoritomo apologize to algren , who shake he head unnecessary . algren . raisu ? [ Rice ? ] they stop , shocked . he have speak ! yoritomo call for taka to serve he more rice , then begin yammer enthusiastically in japanese . algren hold up he hand . algren not so fast ko...toba ? [ word ? ] ( bold up chopstick ) what be this ? yoritomo hashi . algren hashi . yoritomo be hysterical with glee now . yoritomo hail ! the boy be suddenly dervish , pull various object from the table and around the room , shouting the japanese word for each . algren shake he head , and smile for the first time in this stor y. yoritomo manage to quiet the boy . he point to himself . yoritomo yoritomo . algren ( point to himself ) algren . yoritomo all-gren . algren nod , and the boy start scream " all -gren ! " yoritomo ( point to each in rum ) higen . toshiie . taka . 50 . algren ( bow ) higen . toshiie. ( turn to taka ) taka . she meet he eye for the slight moment , then look down and walk away . int . katsumoto' house night katsumoto be arrange flower . algren watch in confusion , as this powerful lord go about do something so feminine and delicate . finally : katsumoto the parliament of you country have two house . why be that ? algren to keep either one from be too powerful . katsumoto do not a people need a powerful ruler to protect they ? algren we believe the opposite . katsumoto think about this . algren I have a question . how do you come to speak English ? katsumoto member of the Council be require to study ............ it . ........ yes , I be a member of the government . I help restore the Emperor to the throne . algren so that Japan could have a powerful ruler to protect it . katsumoto understand algren 's irony , but do not smile . algren and now you must hate he for what he 's do . katsumoto he be my blood . I serve he with my life . algren by fight he army ? katsumoto look at atgren . 51 . katsumoto I do not fight the emperor . I fight that who seek to influence he , that who betray the soul of my country . he slowl y draw he long samurai sword , and place it next to the flower on the table in front of he . ka tsumoto the Emperor give this blade to my ancestor 400 year ago . it have be use only to defend he sacred honor . katsumoto hand the sword to algren . algren study it . katsmuoto it take many year to make a sword . it be a holy Act . a samurai 's sword be he soul . algren this sword be flaw . what be this uneven line near the edge ? katsumoto smile at algren 's ignorance . katsumoto one man be flexible and compromise too much to avoid conflict . another man be so fierce he win ever y battle , but so rigid he can never know peace . a man who know both be the perfect warrior . the lame be true of a blade .. one steel bend , and the other cut . and where they meet be never perfect hold the blade up . . algren hold the sword , cut edge up . katsumoto take a silk cloth and drop it . it gently billow down -- and split evenly on the edge . katsumoto some believe a blade be thirsty until it taste the blood of its enemy . algren hand the sword back . suddenly , katsumoto swing the sword , cleanly split the table in two . silence . algren the crew at Winchester can produce one rifle ever y seven minute . ka tsumoto we give up firearm two hundred year ago . it take no courage to kill . a man from half a mile awa y . you must look into the eye of you enemy to know who you have kill . 52 . algren I be not sure a artillery officer would agree . katsumoto do you ? algren I think all kill 's a filthy business . katsumo to take a man 's life be nothing . it be he honor you can never take awa y . algren in other word you have no respect for human life . ka tsumoto ( fierce ) . what do you know of human life ? you come here to kill for money where be you family ? where be you wife , you son ? what be you legacy ? algren ( undaunted ) and what be yours ? to rebel against the future ? I fight the South in we civil war . they leader believe they be fight for " honor " just as you do . and they people die by the thousand ! katsumoto simply look at he . algren and my wife be dead . katsumoto mine , too . they look at each other . some unexpected recognition have take place . katsumoto tomorrow we will discuss you country 's wish for dominance in the ... " Far East . " algren ... I look forward to it . algren turn to go . ext . village square day we see the village swordsmith at work . he have be forging the same long samurai blade for month ... algren watch he as he work . 53 . algren ( v.o. ) March 9 . 1877 . I have never know such a discipline people . ext . village day algren train with the other man . he attempt a attack , which be easily brush aside by nakao . algren end up in the dirt again . algren ( v.o. ) from the moment they wake , they devote themselves to the perfection of whatever they pursue -- ext . villageday algren walk with katsumoto -- they be deep in conversation . algren ( v.o. ) and yet the more time I spend here , the less I understand they . ext . village day two woman be bow repeatedly , chatter in smile , earnest argument . algren ( v.o. ) everyone be polite , every nuance of behavior seem to have a great meaning , and increasingly I be convinced that the lower they bow , the lea they mean it . ext . yoritomo's house algren , hold the wooden sword in 1870 '5 baseball manner , be coax higen to throw the ball at he . the child laugh as algren hit it onto the next porch . taka watch she son impassively . it be dear how much they like algren . algren ( v.o. ) and I be sure they regard my wa ys to be as confound and unfathomable as I find theirs . a ice crystal on the end of a branch start to drip . spring bas begin . bxt . village day villager laugh as they go about the business of life . a man throw a sack of rice to another . two woman hurry awa y from a farmer who be teasing they . algren be once again among the training warrior . he and another man face off , each wait for the other to attack with he wooden sword . 54 . algren move first , but he opponent counter , and strike he easily . they wheel around and engage again , and again algren be best . furious , he throw himself at he opponent , reverting to classic saber technique . in a flurry of movement , he opponent manage to deflect the blow and also knock algren to he knee . yoritomo approach and bow . yoritomo atgren - San . please forgive . too many mind . algren what ? yoritomo ( point as he explain ) mind sword , mind face , mind people watch , too many mind . ( on algren 's confuse expression ) no mind . algren no mind ? yoritomo Hai ! no mind . you try . algren nod , uncertainly , and pick himself up . again he face the opponent , shaking off the tension and try to stay calm . this time the opponent charge first , and algren manage to parry one blow , before he be again best . yoritomo bow happily and begin yammer in japanese , clearly take credit for algren 's progress . across the square , katsumoto watch . ext . imperial palace garden day the cherry blossom have emerge , create a scene of intense col or , beauty , and serenity . the Emperor sit cross -legge next to a shrine . he be approach by omura and two other advisor . . omura you majest y , beg permission to approach . ( the Emperor nod ) you humble servant be most anxious to know if he majest y have sign the order regard the railroad progress . emperor ( after a long moment ) I be most impressed at the wa y the blossom float upon the air , as if hold by unseen hand . omura yes , they represent the high form of gyoko . about the order , you majest y . 55 . emperor this railroad must go through yoshino Province ? omura it be absolutely necessar y you highness . emperor if you sa y so , I shall sign . ext . village day algren walk through the village , past the swordsmith who be now hone the blade , carefully sharpen it . . ext . cherry tree forest day algren make he way through a stun cherry forest near the village . the pink and red blossom be dazzle and abundant . other villager can be see gather cherry bl ossom . it be a place of otherworldly beaut y. it be all so beautiful that algren just stop . take it in for a moment . he reach out and touch a blossom . katsumoto ( o.s. ) a perfect blossom be a rare thing ... algren turn . katsumoto be kneel nearby , meditate . ka tsumoto you could spend you life look for one . and it would not be a waste life . algren be you praying ? katsumoto just sit ... I do not think I have the word . satori it mean , maybe , awareness . algren of what ? katsumoto this moment alone , apart from all other ... you know this ? ( algren shake he head ) I be write a poem about this time we hive spend . I have only write one line on " his eye be like my own but see through a deep and troubled ocean . " can you suggest a second line ? algren I be not much of a writer . ka tsumoto be this why you spend so much time with you journal ? 56 . . algren how do you know that ? ( no answer ) she tell you . katsumoto appraise algren . algren do you love she husband as you own son ? ka tsumoto you have send man to they death , just as I have . algren the difference be , you feel nothing . ka tsumoto before you be a soldier , you be a farmer . algren what do that have to do with anything ? ka tsumoto you live on a farm . or in a forest of tree . algren how do you know ? ka tsumoto the wa y you look at the cherry blossom . algren ( reluctantly ) we live in a place call Connecticut . my ... brother and I climb the maple tree . ka tsumoto be they beautiful ? algren yes . katsumoto and you be sad to see they die in the winter . a beat . something flicker in algren 's eye . katsumoto you be something before you be a soldier . you be a boy who be sad to see the leave fall and the tree die . katsumoto look at he deepl y. 57 . ka tsumoto like that tree , we be all die . the future be a illusion , we plan be a illusion , we fear a illusion . we live life in every breath . eat , drink , fuck . now . every cup of tea . every word we write ... every blossom we hold . he smile sadly . ka tsumoto every life we take . a beat . he stand , take in the beautiful cherry orchard . katsumoto life in every breath . that be bushido . the wa y of the samurai . he go . algren stand for a moment deep in think int . yoritomo's house night algren be asleep . and then we note that the ground be vibrate .. he slide across he mat .- wake with a start a unholy rumbling - algren bolt up ... just as a paper wall rip open , the wooden framework to the room split and the roof collapse -- a earthquake . common for this part of Japan . ext . village night yoritomo appear . he and algren crawl out of the house just as the ground lurch violently - part of the house contort and cave in around the village , the wooden frame house be swa ying and lurching they have some torque , but not enough ujio direct the villager as they battle a fire - taka appear , call frantically for toshiie . then a even larger seismic tremor suddenly tear through the village house be rip apart -- the whole world shifting . though the smoke , algren see toshiie cower under a eave 58 . a heavy ceiling beam break loose , threaten to crush toshiie algren dive forward , grab toshiie and pull he out of the wa y... the front of the house collapse , the beam smash to the ground .. taka and higen race to algren and toshiie . the boy be safe . taka grab the child and cradle he . her look to algren be fierce , protective , almost feral -- as if he be the threat instead of the rescuer . ext . village day algren watch the villager rebuild . yoritomo and higen strugg1e with a large wooden framework . algren ( v.o. ) I be str uck by this people and they acceptance of fate in a1l it 's variation . at a time like this , they seem utterly without sentiment . even the child have a gravity beyond they year . algren go to they . silently begin to help they . int . yoritomo's house day later algren work with yoritomo , bind the wooden framework . higen prepare the paper wall nearby . he do this with considerable skill . taka be get water from a rain barrel she observe algren help rebuild she home . yoritomo be work nearby . algren 's japanese be rough but improve : algren ( in japanese , subtitles ) would last longer ... if stone . yoritomo ( subtitles ) no. House fall . House go back easy with wood . algren shake he head . taka appear with cup of water . algren look at she for the first rime , she hold he gaze . ext . yoritomo's house evening torch illuminate a small stage in the center of the village square . several samurai perform a ritualistic noh drama . ( a form which , by the wa y , the samurai invent . ) other play flute and large steel drum . algren ( v.o. ) and yet I have never see a people with more capacity for the joy find in the simple thing of life . 59 . katsumoto himself play the lead role . a enthusiastic actor , he play to the child in the audience . they be delighted with he broad theatrics . int . yoritomo's house taka be carry in a huge lack of rice . algren go to help she . taka ( subtitles ) no , please . algren ( insistent ) Hai . he carry the rice for she into the pantry area . taka ( subtitles ) japanese man do not help with this . algren ( subtitles ) I know . she look at he , a little surprised . algren ( subtitles ) I be not japanese . in spite of herself , she smile a little . there be a awkward moment . algren ( subtitles ) 1 ... do not know he be you husband . taka ( strike ; subtitles ) he do he duty . you do you duty . algren ( subtitles ) and you do yours . taka ( softl y) hai. they look at each other for a long moment . she start to move , but he stop she . they be close enough to smell each other 's hair , to feel the warmth of the other 's breath . she look up at he , plead with she eye not to take this any further . 60 . he let she go . ext . village day algren stand across from ujio , ready again for the ken-jutso . they stand freeze for a long time , hand on the hilt of they wooden sword . other samurai watch . algren and ujio stare at each other . but there be something different about algren 's expression . not as much fury and competition , more a sense of balance and alertness . he study ujio 's eye , he hand , the fold of he kimono , the attitude of he body . we watch atgren closel y. gradually all SOUND drain away . we hear only algren 's steady breathe . he be aware of everything . a bird in a tree . a woman grind rice . a plum about to fall . a gently swa ying battle flag , slow-motion as : algren attack -- no fury , just control -- ujio try to deflect the blow , algren anticipate - he swing he sword elegantly - - ujio block it -- algren counter -- algren press forward , he sword slashing masterfully , force ujio back ujio counter with complex move as he retreat -- algren keep move forward , calm -- finally ujio 's sword be sweep aside in one clean movement . algren end with the edge of he wooden sword it ujio 's throat . the other samurai watch . amaze . algren twirl he sword in a fancy cavalry " fl ourish . " the pride he have alwa ys take in he swordsmanship have be restore . he bow to uji of . ujio nod he head , slightly , in respect the other samurai , lead by the hearty nakao , congratulate algren . ext . meadow day algren carry water from the river through a riot of spring wild - flower . something make he stop , and see the sunlit cloud in the deep blue sky , the color around he , hear the buzzing of the bee , feel the kill of the air . a sudden flash of memory his beautiful wife , in green field not unlike this one , laugh , toss she hair , fall back into the long grass . back to algren 61 . the force of the memory cause he to link to the ground . another flash of memory , longer this time : his wi fe lean over and kiss he mouth , and he cheek , and he forehead . he hold she al tightly as be can . back to algren as tear begin to course down he face , and he sink down into the flower and the grass , look up into the impossibl y beautiful sky . he give in to the sob wrack he body . ext . village day as algren return with the water , he see katsumoto approach with ujio and several warrior . katsumoto the Emperor have request my presence . we leave tomorrow . you will be release in Tokyo . he go . algren stand , not sure how to react . int . yoritomo's house night algren write on parchment by the light of a oil lamp . algren ( v.o. ) April 13 , 1877 . tomorrow we return to civilization . as eager as I be to be among my own kind , I confess to a curious reluctance . ext . katdumoto' village dawn algren stand overlook the village as the sun rise over the misty peak . algren ( v.o. ) this month have mark I , and I do not fully know yet wh y . ext . yoritomo's house day algren prepare to mount up . yoritomo say goodbye to he family . algren ( v.o. ) I do know it be here that I have know my first untrouble sleep in many year . taka come to algren , bow she head . taka ( subtitles ) you be alwa ys welcome in we home . algren domo arrigato . he glance at the unfinish house . 62 . algren ( subtitles ) ... you will finish it soon . taka ( subtitles ) if that be my destiny . she bow she head again . toshiie hand he a scroll : it be a picture of the family . algren be include . japanese character list all they name . toshiie bow . algren bow and tuck the scroll into he coat . algren and yoritomo move out with katsumoto , ujio , nakao and he bodyguard of several dozen samurai . the villager bow and honor the warrior as they pass . ext . mountainous landscape day algren trot alongside katsumoto . algren ... the Emperor send a message for you to return to Tokyo , and you go ? katsumoto yes . algren even though you be in rebellion against he . katsumoto against the Emperor ? never . I serve he . as I have alwa ys do . . algren I do not understand . katsumoto we Emperor be young , and there be thing I must sa y to he . algren but ever yone around he want you dead . ka tsumoto and if the Emperor desire , I will take my own life at he command . he spur he horse and ride on . atgren watch he . 63 . ext . mountain valley sunset they approach a large inn . a boy work in the field see katsumoto approach . he do not believe it -- the great katsumoto . he drop he hoe and race awa y , call out . katsumoto we will stop here for the night . ext . mountain valley sunset samurai guard have be post around the perimeter . int . katsumoto' rqom night algren be escort in . katsumoto kneel at a table . prepare the traditional japanese tea ceremony . katsumoto sit , Captain . algren sit . by now he have learn how to sit on the ground . katsumoto begin the exact , delicate and precise tea ceremony . katsumoto do you drink tea ? algren I have have little else for some time ... katsumoto continue with the tea ceremony . algren how 's you poem come ? katsumoto I be have trouble . the truth be I be not a very good poet . ( algren smile ) do you know wh y you be send here ? to yoshino . algren to protect the railroad . . katsumoto why be the railroad here ? algren so Tokyo can control the whole country . 64 . katsumoto you have see my province . all mountain . Far from Tokyo . yet the rail line must come here ? katsumoto toss a tiny bit of coal on the simmer brazier on the table . algren watch carefully . algren you have something they want katsumoto what do they want in my mountain ? algren mineral ... gold . ka tsumoto ( smile ) there be no gold in Japan . katsumoto gently blow on the coal brazier . the coal flare a bit . algren coal ? ( katsumoto look at he ) for steamship . ka tsumoto and why would steamship be so important ? algren ... China . katsumoto look up at he . impress . katsumoto Japan have nothing . China have ever ything . algren mine the coal to create a way station for the trip to China ... freeze the european out and Japan and America have a monopol y on the China trade . katsumoto add to this the omura Zaibatsu . you know the Zaibatus ? algren the wealthy family . 65 . katsumoto as patron of the railroad , omura own all land within four hundred foot of ever y new rail line . as my country grow , so will he wealth . ( look at he ) this be why you be fight . katsumoto complete the tea ceremony . he pour a cup for algren . bow he head and offer it to he . algren and you will tell the emperor to stop they ? katsumoto I do not tell the emperor what to do . algren then what do you hope to accomplish ? katsumoto look at algren , the slight gleam in he eye . katsumoto will you return to America ? algren watch he -- why do not katsumoto answer ? algren ... I have a job here . katsumoto you should return to you home . algren why ? katsumoto because I do not wish you to be m y enemy again . katsumoto return to he poem , he do not look up . katsumoto go home Captain ... anshinritsumai . I wish you peace . algren wait but katsumoto just continue to work on he poem . ext . around the inn night the samurai guard be alert , they sense heighten to almost superhuman proportion . but there be another way . another way of learn combat . a wa y without the beaut y , the philosophy and the moral code . they be almost imperceptible at first ... they head - to - toe black clothes a perfect camouflage ... they silence and stealth be otherworldly . 66 . they be then know as shinobi , master of stealth and spying . we know they as ninjas . they float across the ground ... creep a inch ever y hour ... complete physica1 control . one black - glove finger move . then the next ... they crawl and then wait poise on they fingertip and toe . there be no sound as they strike . the samurai guard be garrot in a instant . other ninjas catch the samurai 's weapon as they fall . no sound disturb the peaceful night . ext . inn -- front doorway night silence . two samurai guard be in position . one of they glance up at the star . a ninja throw star instantly slice into he jugular -- blood spray -- the other guard turn ­ a series of ninja slice into he ... ext . inn -- wall night silence . the ninjas use meew claw to crawl up the wall like spider . ext . inn ­ roof night silence . a samurai guard stand at the edge of the roof . a ninja silently move toward he . stop . ten foot awa y. he pull out a shuriken -- a small needle - shape projectile , dip it into a sack of poison . place it carefully into the palm of he hand . and with the flick of he wrist -- the needle fly -- stabbing into the samurai -- he crumple . other ninjas immediately pour over the edge of the roof -- catch the samurai before he fall ... int . inn -- katsumoto' room night silence . 67 . katsumoto can not sleep . he stare out the window at a nightingale . int . inn -- ujio' room night silence . ujio sit in he room . he be unblink . alert . sword at the ready . int . inn ­ algren' room night silence . algren can not sleep either . he sit lean against a wall . think . int . inn -- MAIN hall night silence . yoritomo drink tea with nakao , the huge martial art master . int . outside katsumoto' room night a guard stand sentinel . above he head , unbeknownst to he , two ninjas descend on rope . one of they swing a long chain - to which I barb - knife be attach . as it lodge in the guard 's chest , the second ninja swing down just in time to catch the dead guard , silently , before he body hit the ground . int . inn -- katsumqto' room night silence . katsumoto lie in bed listen to the night bird . it stop sing . katsumoto smile sadly . he decide to give up on sleep , lean forward to rise . this act save he life . for when the ninjas come , they come all at once -- a ninja suddenly come tearing straight through the paper wall , he sword slashing down .- just miss katsumoto . katsumoto call out a alarm , diving and roll across the floor for he sword . he instantly kill one ninja use he steel - tip " war fan " to slash he attacker throat . another smashes in through the window . int . inn -- MAIN h all night ninjas explode into the main hall . samurai who come out of they room be cut down by a variety of weapon -- one take a throw star in the face , other be fell by the traditional ninja-to , short sword ideal for fight in confine space , chain - knife , nun -chaka and other . 68 . more ninjas drop from the rafter on rope . int . inn -- algren' room night a ninja smashes through the paper wall -- algren grab the nearest object , a low tea table . and swing it at he head . the ninja dodge the blow and slice at algren with short -sword . algren barely avoid the blow by ducking behind a post as the sword lodge deep in the wood . algren fling himself , bodily , at he attacker . int . inn -- MAIN hall night ninja throw star spin across the room , kill a samurai . yoritomo emerge from he room , readying he bow , but the dead samurai fall back block he wa y . from behind the rice wall , yoritomo let fly a arrow without even look . it pass through the wall , kill the ninja on the opposite balcony . int . inn -- first floor night ujio scream a war cry and begin to battle he way up the stair . with breathtaking move , he slashes hand and limb , force the ninja back . nakao fight he wa y up beside he , desperately try to reach katsumoto 's room . use only he bare hand he catch a ninja 's wrist and hurl he over the railing . int . inn -- algren' room night algren and the ninja be in a death struggle , knee , gouging , but . they awkwardly smash through a paper wall into the next room . int . inn -- katsumoto' room night katsumoto wield he long sword in one hand and he short sword in the other . it be the first time we have see he in action and he movement be both beautiful and deadly . but more ninjas be pour in through the window , threaten to overwhelm he . int . inn -- algren' room night Rolling on the ground , algren manage to grab a chopstick and stab he adversary through the eye . he pick up the fall short sword and step out into the hall . arrow whiz past , thudding into the wall beside he head . int . inn -- katsumoto' room night katsumoto , breathe heavily , he kimono shred and bloody , be fend off the ninjas ' increasingly savage attack as algren enter . algren scream , distracting they just long enough for katsumoto to take advantage and kill one . 69 . then , just as a ninja it about to kill algren , katsumoto fling he short sword ... it pin-wheel across the room , hit algren 's attacker in the chest . without miss a beat , algren pull the short sword from the die ninja 's chest and use it to stab another ninja who , think algren defenseless , have launch a attack . int . inn -- MAIN hall night ujio and nakao be back to back , a perfect fight machine as they fight they wa y to katsumoto 's rescue . they battle ninjas wield lethal kusarigamas , the ninjas swing chain , the attach blade slice the air -- nakao catch the chain and fling the ninja over the balcony . int . yoritomo's room night yoritomo be pin down . dart and throw star shred the rice paper wall above he . he pick off another ninja before change he position . int . inn -- katsumoto' room night the blaze sword battle continue . algren throw a beautiful paint stand - screen in front of a attack ninja , momentarily confusing he . then he stab through the screen - as a blood - stain spread across the pastoral painting . but another ninja catch algren off -guard and slice at he with he short sword . as algren lift he sword to parry the blow , he litile finger be chopped off . he drop the sword , momentarily defenseless . across the hallway yoritomo have be watch the shadowpla y on the rice- paper wall . algren 's attacker raise he blade to deliver the death blow . in katsumoto 's room algren flinch involuntarily beneath the raise blade . suddenly the ninja jackknife as if punch by a unseen hand . as he spin , dead , to the ground , we see a arrow lodge bet ween he shoulder blade . yoritomo have fire blindly , through the wall ­ kill algren 's attacker . nearby , a ninja hurl a throw star at katsumoto . with blind instinct katsumoto turn and take the blade in the meat of he arm . algren , meanwhile , have rip the sleeve of he kimono into a tourniquet for he maim hand . he use the rest of the fabric to tie he hand to he sword before launching himself back into the fray -- slice a attacker just as he be about to impale katsumoto . together , he and katsumoto force the last two ninjas through a paper wall to the next room . they fight all the wa y through that room and blast through another paper wall to the next . 70 . int . inn ­ stairway night the battle continue unabate on the stair -- the ninjas spring for position with incredible grace -- perching and fight on banister , leaping from one level to the next . it be a mayhem of flash sword and flail limb and flyi no arrow and spin ninja star . spray of blood splatter against the white rice paper wall . some of the fight be less than elegant . Men bite and wrestle and gouge to survive in close quarter . all of they arc bloody and sweat y and dirty and tired , heaving for breath , they skin flay open , they kimonos rip , they hand and arm and face blood-stain . but more samurai reinforcement follow ujio up the stair : together with yoritomo and nakao , they have begin to gain the upper hand . ujio fling both he sword through the air -- kill two ninjas -- and dive to fight other - he martial art skill be dazzle . algren and katsumoto be fight sidc by side and we cut to -- ext . inn night outside of the inn , we slowl y pull away ... the sound of the battle gradually fade ... soon it be nothing more than a lovel y rustic inn nestle in the mountain . int . inn ­ stairway night later . the battle be over . ninja and samurai corpse litter the inn . we slowl y move up the long stairwa y from the bottom ... yoritomo pull a ninja star from nakao 's_shou1der . then one from he own . we move up another level , past more body ... ujio move through the ninjas . make sure they be dead . before sheathing he sword , he angrily flick it at the rice paper wall , spattering it with the bloody spray . katsumoto wipe he sword on a nearby corpse , replace it in its sheath . he sit beside algren on a stair . both man be exhaust . bloodie . alive . a long beat as we watch the two warrior . slow fade to ... 71 . ext . tokyo -- imperial palace day algren , katsumoto and the other be near the palace . algren slow to a stop -- he path be toward the city . katsumoto stop , look at he , then do something absolutel y extraordinary . he kneel and bow before algren . quickly touch he head to the dirt . then he rise , turn and walk toward the palace . algren stand , stunne . ext . parade ground day algren walk onto the parade ground . the change he see could not be more remarkable . thousands of new japanese troops be drilling with new bolt-action mauser . they be precise , exact and frighteningly mechanistic , they uniform new and crisp . New german advisor be bark command . Colonel bagley see he . bagley algren ? my God , you never cease to astonish . bagley run over , hand extend , but algren turn to look at the troops . algren they have new weapon . bagley the kaiser be only too happy to help . along with he friend at mauser and krupp . thank God we Americans still have a few tooth in we head . and they come to the " tooth . " howitzer cannon . a row of they . artillery officer in US Army uniform arc instruct japanese offi cer . bagley the ambassador and I have spend eight month kissing omura 's ass so he will sign the damn trade pact with we . you spend all this time live with that savage ? ( atgren look at he ) he 's go to want to talk to you ... algren I need a bath . bagley and you back pay , I imagine . algren start walk away . 72 . bagley they get they flag . ... see ? and we see it ... snap on I flagpole high above the parade ground . it be immediately familiar . a red circle on a white field . the rising Sun. the howitzer fire in sequence . thunder blast that shake the heaven . ext , royal temple day omura stand above Emperor Meiji respectful but persistent . the Emperor be kneel , tend to he iris garden . it be one of the wonder of the Palace : a sea of white , pink , blue , and purple blossom . retainer and servant stand at a distance . one hold a standard with the Imperial seal : a yellow chrysanthemum . omura see katsumoto make he way toward they . he talk a bit more quickly to the Emperor . katsumoto begin to prostrate himself before the Emperor , the usual sign of extreme respect -- but the Emperor stop he : emperor ( subtitles ) no , mori-san . we arc " civilized " now . katsumoto stop prostrate himself . the Emperor offer he hand . katsumoto ( subtitles ) I cannot touch the Sacred one . emperor ( subtitles ) you can . it be a difficult moment for katsumoto . he simply cannot do it . omura ( subtitles ) do you have a pleasant journey , Minister katsumoto ? katsumoto ( subtitles ) it be uneventful . omura appreciate katsumoto 's droll response . he assume that katsumoto be aware of he part in the assassination attempt . 73. emperor ( subtitles ) if it be not a great imposition . I desire a moment alone with Minister katsumoto . omura - San . omura ( subtitles ) enlighten one , perhaps I can be of service in a conversation of state . emperor ( subtitles ) so kind of you , but I fear my old teacher wish to upbraid I in private for neglect my study . omura bow he head quickly and go . silence . the Emperor gaze at katsumoto . then : emperor ( subtitles ) you rise against I , my teacher . katsumoto ( subtitles ) no , highness , I rise against you enemy . emperor ( subtitles ) they be my teacher , my adviser , like you . katsumoto ( subtitles ) they advise in they own interest . emperor ( subtitles ) the world be change , mori -- you have not see what go on beyond we border , the invention , the science . I need man who can look outward , or soon we will be leave behind , and defenseless . katsum oto ( subtitles ) I be swear to defend you even to my last breath . emperor ( subtit1es ) the samurai live in the past . you can not defend against a future you do not understand . 74 . katsumoto ( subtitles ) if I be no use , then I will happily end my life , emperor ( subtitles ) no , mori . it be my wish that you rejoin the Council of State . I need you voice . katsumoto ( subtitles ) it be you voice that need to be hear , highness . you be a live God , you can do what ever you think be right . the young emperor be silent a moment . emperor ( subtitles ) I be a live God only as long as I do what they think be right . katsumoto ( subtitle ) you highness , may I beg forgiveness for say what a teacher must , that such a statement be pathetic drivel not worthy of a ignorant stable boy , let alone a young man I know to have some modest intelligence . the emperor laugh warmly , almost happy to be scold as he once be . emperor ( subtitles ) be it possible a live God can be too afraid to make he voice hear ? ( katsumoto 's look be not unkind ) tell I what to do , mori-san ? katsumoto ( subtitles ) you be emperor , my Lord , not I . you must find the wisdom for all of we . ext . yokohama wharf day a series of warehouse , beyond which we see warship in the harbor . atgren walk with bagley and two other officer . int . warehouse day the cavernous warehouse pile high with huge crate . 75 . bagley as soon as they sign the agreement , they be obligate to buy the entire weapon package , from colt revol ver to ha1liwell twelve - pounder . plus this particular item you might recognize . a few stevedore tear open one of the crate . algren hide he astonishment : a gatling gun be reveal . bagley they have be calibrate to fire 200 round a minute , the new copper cartridge cut down on jam . algren close he eye , try to keep he memory at bay . ext . tokyo street day algren fight the crowd with Colonel bagley and ambassador swanbeck .. algren ( v.o. ) May 15 , 1877 . the city I return to be immeasurabl y change New construction ever ywhere . telegraph wire strung next to a ancient temple . a modern european hotel be go up , dwarf the traditional japanese building . huge billboard advertising western goods . a new invention , the rickshaw , have replace many of the palanquin . algren ( v.o . ) as though Tokyo be determine to become another New York or Chicago .- all in one headlong rush . spider 's web of telegraph cable spread from a tall new brick building . it be like a New York office building stabbing into the heart of old Japan . the familiar omura character be emblazon on the side . . int . office of the omura zaibatsu day aside from the occasional bit of japanese decor , this could be a buzzing Wall Street firm . telegraph operator click away . accountant use add machine . secretaries use pneumatic tube to send document back and forth . Engineers plot out railway line . all be dress in western clothes . algren , Colonel bagley , and ambassador swanbeck enter . ambassador swanbeck ( to algren ) if he ask , you can talk about ordnance and tactic . but remember , this have to do with a lot more than just weapon . 76 . a anteroom hold wait delegation from the various european power . a babel of language . ... french ... dutch ... Russian ... german . a pretty american secretary look up from she desk . secretary ambassador swanbeck , if you will follow I . some of the delegate arc craning forward , watch algren and the other hungrily as they head into the final office . int . omura' office day omura stand like a industrial titan before large picture window offer a dramatic view of Tokyo . the only decoration in the room be a enormous caravaggio . omura please , sit down , gentleman . omura remove a gold cigarette case and light up . cigarettes be the newest western fad sweep Japan . omura ( be : cigarette case ) a gift from czar Alexander ... Captain algren , . it seem you have endure you captivity with little ill-effect . algren yes , sir . omura he 's a extraordinary man , be not he ? algren he be samurai . omura gaze at he . slowl y take I puff from he cigarette . ambassador swanbeck Mr. omura , my people have be draw up the document we discuss . I have a draft -- omura we be not quite ready to announce the treaty , ambassador . ambassador swanbeck Excuse I ? omura the Emperor be ... sentimental . katsumoto be he old mentor - - he be not eager to offend he . it will take I few more day . 77 . ambassj\dor SW anbeck how many da ys be " a few ? " omura I assure you the samurai will not stand in the wa y of we agreement . you be prepare to make deliver y ? ambassador swanbeck soon as you emperor sign on the dot line . omura Captain algren you be the expert . will this array of ordnance be sufficient ? algren depend on what you be try to accomplish . omura I want my country to take its place as a modern power . algren then they will set you well on you way . omura I be pleased . amdassador SW anbeck Mr. omura , you assure we you have the influence with you emperor to make this deal come to pass . with all due respect perhaps there be someone else we should be speak to . omura with all due respect , ambassador , perhaps there be someone else we should be speak to , for instance the french . or the English . or any of the legation wait in the next room . ambassador swan beck stand swallow he rage . ambassador swanbeck yes , we1l , we look forward to hearing from you . omura good afternoon , gentleman . they start to go . omura Captain algren , perhaps you can stay a moment and tell I of you experience in we rebellious province . bagley look at algren . do as he ask . he leave atgren alone with omura . 78 . omura cigarette ? algren thank you . omura light he cigarette . a moment as he take algren 's measure . omura you fight bravely on behalf of we army -- against the rebel katsumoto . algren say nothing . . omura and yet you help save he life when attack by the ninja . algren my role be much less significant than you may have hear . omura tell I about you role in katsumoto 's plan . algren I have none . omura and you sympathy ? algren again , I have none . omura I know you have little sympathy for Colonel bagley . algren he be .... unsympathetic . omura smile . omura I think it be we who be inscrutable . now it be algren who smile . omura you have gain important knowledge of katsumoto 's province , he army , and he rebellion . this be extremely valuable to I . he watch algren to see how this land . 79 . omura you also possess significant knowledge of m y army , my weaponry , and my plan . this be extremely va1uable to katsumoto . algren again , you flatter I . omura no . I be a businessman . I recognize what be valuable . and I buy it . ( look at he ) in this case , I value you loyalt y . algren consider the implication of what omura be say . algren I do not know loyalt y be something that could be sell . omura then perhaps you will give it , as a token of future friendship - for which , as a friend , I would be in you debt . algren ( stand ) then I will consider it . omura and I will be grateful . int . shipping office day algren be in a shipping office . a clerk consult he schedule of departure . clerk all righteee , the andrew jackson leave tomorrow ­ if you want a steamship you will have to wait six week . ( algren be silent ) get ya to Frisco by the 28th . 14 dollar for a private cabin , 8 for a share or 3 for a lower berth . what can I put you down for ? algren be silent , concentrate on a calendar hang behind the clerk . it feature a beautiful hiroshigi watercolor of mountain . clerk Sir ..? algren ( after a moment ) private cabin . 80 . ext . tokyo ­ STREET day Graham walk with algren . graham leave ? wh y would you leave now ? no white man have ever be in you position . do you have any idea what it will mean to have omura as you friend ? you want land , you want woman , you want boy ? algren start to walk faster , but Graham stop he . graham Nathan . I want to leave , too . for three year . you must believe I there be a majest y about this people -- can you imagine what you own country would be if it have half the drive and the discipline and the belief and the bravery of this ridiculous little people ? then raise voice from across the street stop they . they see yoritomo surround by four Imperial Army soldier . the soldier be rough and imperious , drunk with power . they carry gleam rifle .. the soldier bark order . yoritomo stand proudly , respond calmly . algren whit be this ? graham my God , it 's the edict ... algren what edict ? algren arrive as the situation be clearly grow volatile - the soldier be point to yoritomo 's head , scream algren step toward the soldier -- algren that 's enough -- one of the soldier scream at he -- raise he rifle -- all the soldier raise they rifle ­ yoritomo reach for he sword -- algren try to push through - 81 . algren ( subtitles ) yoritomo , wait ! one of the soldier smack algren in the chin with a rifle butt . algren reel , and by the time he stand straight again , four other be point they ba yonet at he face . Graham take hold of algren 's arm . graham do not be stupid . algren make eye contact with yoritomo , who -- in deference to he friend -- put he sword away . the japanese soldier continue to scream at yoritomo . they force he to he knee . rifles press to he head . yoritomo bow he bead , speak quietly , as if praying . algren witch in horror all one of the soldier remove he bayonet -- another grab . yoritomo 's hair , jerk he head back and begin hack off yoritomo 's traditional top - knot of hair . brutally . blood . yoritomo remain kneel , head down , blood flow down he face . the soldier laugh and move off . algren kneel by yoritomo . yoritomo look up at he . there be tear in he eye . ext . katsumoto' house dusk katsumoto 's house on the outskirt of Tokyo be spacious and harmonious . utterly japanese . samurai guard in full regalia , stand menacingly outside . int . katsumoto' house dusk ujio kneel with yoritomo , dress the wound on he head . Graham sit across the room talk quietly to the mammoth nakao , take note in a small notebook . nakao have be brutally shorn of he top knot as well . his shame be apparent . int . katsumoto' chamber dusk servant he1p dress katsumoto in he exact samurai wardrobe as algren be ushere in . katsumoto Captain , I have not think to see you again . 82 . algren I be leave tomorrow . but before I go I need to tell you what 's go on here . katsumoto you mean the gatling gun and the howitzer , be that how you sa y it ? algren they be about to close a trade agreement that will bring this country more weapon than you can imagine . katsumoto yes , if the emperor agree - but omura know the Emperor must be convinced there be cause to need that weapon before be will sign . algren ( realize ) and you be to be the cause ... katsumoto elegant , be not it ? omura pass law sure to cause a samurai revolt , create a need for the weapon . the Emperor see that the weapon be need so he agree to the entire treaty , give you country what it want and the omura Zaibatsu what it want . and my country be sell to yours . as katsumoto dress , algren note that katsumoto 's body it at battleground of old scar , so like he own . ka tsumoto today the Council pass two edict . the first call for the elimination of we traditional topknot . algren I know . katsumoto the second ban the wear of sword . algren stop . he know what sword mean to the samurai . katsumoto ( be : he sword ) Hand they to I , will you ? algren pick up katsumoto 's two sword . look at he deeply . algren if you do this , they will kill you . 83 . ka tsumoto I be hard to kill . algren you do not know what they weapon can do . all you man butcher ... just for pride . katsumoto not for pride . for the emperor . algren but the emperor be the one signing the agreement . katsumoto he have not sign it yet . he hold out katsumoto 's two samurai sword . algren be it worth it ? ... just for this , katsumoto I can not live without my soul ... can you ? they regard each other . ext . outside katsumoto' house night algren leave katsumoto 's gate and set off on foot . ext . tokyo street night as algren walk , he become aware that he be be follow . two dark figure lurk some distance behind he . after a few moment , he whip around to face they . they stand for a moment , then melt away into the shadow . int . council of state chamber night the Council of State meet in a august chamber . many of the Council member wear western clothes . cigarette smoke billow . the young Emperor sit on a dais off to the side , as befit he ceremonial role in the proceedings . omura be speak ... be stop ... look at something ... all the Council member turn ... and gape . katsumoto stride into the chamber , he sword proudly display . omura ( subtitle ) Minister katsumoto , you honor we . 84 . katsumoto ( subtitle ) it be my honor to join again the man who be lead Japan into she glorious future . omura ( subtitle ) you arc perhaps unaware of this Council 's edict regard the wear of sword ? katsumoto ( subtitle ) I read ever y edict with singular attention . omura ( subtitle ) yet you would bring weapon into this chamber ? katsumoto ( subtitle ) this chamber be protect by m y sword for four hundred year -- omura ( interrupt , subtitle ) we need no protection ... we be a nation of law now . katsumoto ( calm , subtitle ) . we be a nation of whore . selling ourselves to we western " ally . " katsumoto slowl y look around at the member of the Council , but he word be address to the Emperor . katsumoto ( subtitle ) do Japan no longer need its patriot ? omura speak with quiet conviction and honesty . omura ( subtitle ) who be the patriot ? the man who would keep he country trap in the past , or the man who would help he people into the future ? katsumoto ( subtitle ) a future with no honor , omura ( subtitle ) honor mean less to I than feed we child . and teach they . and give they modern medicine so they will live . . 85 . katsumoto and lining you own pocket in the process . they stare at one another with barely conceal hostility . omura ( subtitle ) Minister katsumoto , it be with great regret that I ask you to remove you sword , as this body have declare in its edict . katsumoto 's hand close on he sword hilt katsumoto this sword serve the emperor , and only he can command I to remove it . katsumoto look to the Emperor , as murmur fill the room . omura ( quickly ) ah , but it be we tradition that the Emperor 's voice be too pure and great to be hear in such worldly circumstance as the Council of State . one last time , katsumoto meet the Emperor 's eye . katsumoto then , with great regret , I must refuse to give up my sword . omura look to he associate , and a silent decision be make . omura Minister katsumoto , I must invite you to accompany we soldier to himeji Castle , where you will be we honore guest . I think you will find the surroundings there quite harmonious . Guards with mauser rifle move into position around katsumoto . he turn to the other Council member . look at they . ka tsumoto ( subtitle ) Brothers ... one day you will know what you have do and feel what I never will ... shame . omura nod to the guard . the guard lead katsumoto out . 86 . ext . live quarter afternoon a bearer be load the last of algren 's luggage on the back of a rickshaw . algren emerge from the building , see the same two disreputable men who follow he earlier lurking nearby . he resist the temptation to confront they . instead he climb into the rickshaw and it start off . but a moment later , Graham have jogge alongside , huffing and puffing . graham think I would miss you . be you go to leave without even say goodbye ? algren I have a fear of sentimental englishmen . graham you sod . ( try to keep up ) Christ , give we . . second here algren indicate for the bearer to stop . Graham try to catch he breath . graham you be make a mistake , I promise you . katsumoto 's under house arrest , omura 's make he move -- he will need you more than ever -- Graham stop , see the look on algren 's face , realize . graham oh , my goodness . how silly of I .. all that time you be with he , up in that mountain , .................................. ... I tell you they be a remarkable people ... algren do not answer , but be not deny it either . graham then you should get out . because omura will become rather impatient with anyone who be not on the team . Graham notice algren stare at he follower . graham case in point . algren who be they ? graham ronin would be m y guess . disgrace samurai do odd job for he nib . 87 . algren what do they want from I ? graham to make sure you be on the side of God and country , or to make sure you get the hell out . algren you have be a great help , Graham . I thank you . graham look who 's get sentimental now . a look bet ween they , then algren nod for the bearer to continue . ext . harbor sunset algren stand at the gangplank . porter wait with he luggage . algren look back into the crowd and see the ronin . they glare back , no longer try to keep out of sight . a blast from the steam whistle . algren look from the ship , to the ronin , to the bustling , chaotic city behind they . finally , he look out at the harbor and the ocean , beyond which use to lie he home . he turn to the bearer . algren ( subtitles ) take back to quarter . I walk . and algren start back into the city . ext . tokyo street evening down a shadowy street , light only by t orch . slowl y we realize he be be follow and that he know it . up ahead , the street appear to dead - end . the two ronin step out from the shadow and face he , they hand on they sword . behind he , another dangerous look ronin join the one who have be follow he . they begin to close in . algren stand completely still . they grow closer . algren appear to close he eye . and the sound of the approach footstep fade as we hear only the sound of he breathe . 88. the ronin draw they sword . algren gently open he eye . ever ything have slowed down : a sign in the breeze , a piece of rubbish on the street , the flame of a nearby torch . a blur of motion . everything happen so fast it be hard to tell just what have take place . in the strobing shadow , all we really know be that algren have leapt to the attack . within second , four body lie in the street algren hold bloody sword . his face be cut and a sleeve of he jacket be rip , but other than that he be unharme . ujio have teach he well as he stand , catch he breath , we hold on he face in close - up . a sudden flash : we see algren grab one of the torch and smash it across the ronin 's face . it be the attack ­ replay in real - time . Rolling to avoid a death -blow , he grab the fall man 's sword and eviscerate attacker # 2 . the two remain ronin strike . he parry the blow of attacker # 3 , whirl to slice the leg of attacker # 4 , whirl again to cut off the hand of attacker # 1 , who have return to the attack . meanwhile , attacker # 3 serum and charge -- just light attacker # 4 be try to stand . algren step back as attacker # 3 impale attacker # 4 . algren step forward and cut off the head of attacker # 3 . even now , it have happen too fast to be truly appreciate . back to the STREET we move , closer-still on algren 's face . a sudden flash : and so we watch the attack again . in super- slow motion now , so we can fully appreciate it 's terrible beauty . a torch smashes across a face . a sword slice the sleeve of a coat . spark fly as two sword meet . 89 . a severe hand fall in the dirt . blood spray from a decapitate head . a sword be wipe clean . back to the STREET in real time , algren kneel to examine one of the dead ronin . on he arm be tattooe a familiar emblem : the sign of the omura Zaibatsu ext . omura castle night omura life in a huge medieval castle on a promontory directly above Tokyo ba y . a testament to Japan 's martial past . int . castle ­ tower night two guard arc : stand at attention in a dank corridor high in one of the tower of the castle . cell door line the corridor . katsumoto 's samurai sword lean against the wall next to they . int . castle ­ cell night katsumoto kneel in a cramped cell . a sound draw he attention . he rise and look out a bar window . bel ow he see two rickshaw move up the twist road to the castle . int . rickshaw night algren and bagley , in formal dress uniform , sit in one of the rickshaw . bagley look he over . bagley oughtta shave more often , algren . become you . algren think I would follow the japanese fashion . bagley ... Heard you be leave , actually ? algren why would I do that ? omura want I to train he personal guard . bagley certainly seem obsessed by you . why do you think that be ? 90 . algren could it be my nose be not permanently lodge up he ass ? bagley shake he bead , turn away . algren stare up at the loom aide . ext . castle - MAIN gate night the two rickshaw stop by the heavily - guard main gate . Guards check the occupant . motion to other guard atop the gate . the main gate slowl y swing open . ext . castle - court yard night the bearer lower the rickshaw . algren and bagley climb from one . ambassador swanbeck climb from the other . ext . castle -- reception chambe R night omura wait in elegant evening clothes . a woman play a harp . the interior of omura 's castle be heavy , oppressive . Old Masters painting dot the wall . leather - bound boob . chippendale furniture . omura gentlemen ... ambassador swanbeck omura , you have a lovel y home . it must be very old . omura nothing be " old " in Japan , ever ything be " ancient . " ... but the view be pleasant . sit down ... they move to chair by the roaring fireplace as omura turn to algren , notice the cut on he face , but say nothing . omura do you know you wagner , Captain ? this be the ' leibestod ' from Tristan and isolde . algren I be surprised you enjoy it . literally translate it mean `love / death . ' ( look at he ) . a samurai concept , do not you think ? the two man take each other 's measure . servant appear with trays .. omura Champagne ? and cigar , of course . 91 . servant light they cigar . bagley ( be : cigar ) a gift from President grant ? omura ( smile ) Queen Victoria . algren Mr. omura , may I use the necessit y ? omura certainly . omura summon a servant . the servant escort algren out . omura now , Mr. swanbeck , regard we agreement , I notice a discrepancy in paragraph seven in reference to the investment protocol for coal . int . castle ­ corridor night the servant lead algren through a corridor , head bow . then , stil1 puffing on he cigar , algren tap the servant on the back , and as the man turn , deck he . the servant fall . algren flick hit cigar out onto the sloping roof . we follow the burning ember as it roll off the roof and land at the foot of two curious guard . ext . castle courtyard night the guard look up , try to determine where the cigar butt have come from . but they curiosity last only a moment : arrow pierce they neck , strangling any sound . we reverse to discover that one of the rickshaw - bearer have fire the arrow . as he peel back he hood , we see it be yoritomo . we realize the other bearer be ujio , nakao , and Simon Graham . they hurry past the dead guard and up the stair . int . castle approach night the three samurai and Graham race up the wind parapet . Three guard round a corner . sword flash as ujio and nakao dispatch they without even slow . they race on , Graham labor to keep up . 92 . int . castle keep night algren round a corner -- ujio , yoritomo , nakao , and Graham be move toward he . algren this wa y... clearly , this have all be algren 's plan . they move up a stairwa y. int . castle keep ( second floor ) night the three guard be still stand at attention outside katsumoto 's cell . his sword be next to they . algren keep the other out of sight and lower he head to whisper with ujio . ujio nod , then walk into sight and calmly approach the guard . still hide , algren gesture for the other remain to silent . after a moment , he gesture that they can proceed . algren and the other round the comer to discover the bloody remain of the three guard - whom ujio have dispatch in absolute silence . they unlock the cell . int . castle ­ cell following katsumoto be shocked to see algren enter . algren toss he he sword . algren how 's the poem come ? katsumoto the end be prove difficult . int . castle -- reception chamber night omura glance up from the document . omura what have become of Captain algren ? int . castle ­ corridor night algren , katsumoto , and the other race through a upper corridor . katsumoto ( be : Graham ) who be this ? algren name 's Simon Graham . want to write a book about you . 93. graham a honor . I have follow you activity with great interest . I think the european public would be fascinate by a book about you adventure . katsumoto not a book . a play ! suddenly , from below , the raise voice of guard . they hurry a wa y . int . castle ­ stair night Guards carry pike race up the stair -- int . castle ­ corridor night algren and the other be move swiftl y down a stone corridor . the sound of the approach guard be grow louder . a silent wild bunch moment of preparation as they stride down the corridor , five abreast . algren pull the cavalry saber from he dress uniform . katsumoto prepare he sword . nakao stretch he huge arm . yoritomo and uji of draw they bow . ext . castle - upper courtyard following ten guard with rifle patrol the upper battlement . yoritomo and uji of crouch and fire . Arrow a fter arrow a fter arrow , as fast as a repeat rifle , the arrow streak through the night . completely silent . it be a dazzle display . they time shot to sail over wall , shoot through tiny window , shoot out torch . multiple arrow . perfect aim . in a matter of second all ten guard be dead . they continue across the courtyard , up some step -- int . castle --tight corridor following they stride through a tight , dark stone corridor . suddenly , a cadre of omura guard emerge from the shadow . without hesitation , they launch into battle . algren and katsumoto wield they sword . yoritomo and ujio fire arrow . nakao fight with he hand , dramatic martial art from the huge man . 94 . but this corridor be just too tight -- it be a sea of combat .. the guard and we warrior be slam together -- the sword and pike send up spark in the darkness as they strike the stone wall . the right corridor echoe with samurai war cry and clanging sword . then ... more guard appear . this guard have rifle . rifle blast thunder -- startling strobe - like burst of light in the darkness -- algren dive in front of katsumoto to protect he - yoritomo be hit - he jerk back -- blood -- ujio fire arrow at the guard with rifle , hit two -- but more guard with rifle be appear , bullet send shower of debris and ricochet -- algren see a stairway lead to a higher 1evel , bark out a command . as nakao drag yoritomo toward the stair -- the other bolt a heavy siege door ­ design to keep attacker at bay . int . castle siege room night ujio fire arrow through the siege port -- momentarily delay the guard as algren lead they toward a rear stair . int . rear stair night algren start down -- only to discover more guard block this mean of escape . he back out of the wa y just in time as rifle blast splinter the wooden stairwe 11 . meanwhile , a explosion from behind they indicate that the guard have blow the siege door . algren , Graham , and ujio have no choice but to continue upwards into the castle keep . nakao help the wounded yoritomo as they climb . int . upper keep night a narrow ladder lead to the final redoubt . they start to climb but yoritomo lean against the wall . he be gravely wounded . algren come on . yoritomo ( subtitle ) you go , algren -san . I will stop they . 95 . algren no -- yoritomo ... please . yoritomo 's determination be absolute . finally , algren nod . katsumoto move to yoritomo , lean in for a few final word , take he head and press he forehead to yoritomo 's . bullet begin ricochete around they -- yoritomo look to algren : yoritomo ( subtitle ) tell my family . algren bow he bead in respect . then algren lead they up the stair . ujio fire a final volley , nod with respect to yoritomo , then follow the other . yoritomo pull himself erect . draw he two samurai sword . a beat . he close he eye . smile . then he open he eye and hurl himself down the stair -- the guard fire hit yoritomo - but still he come -- wading into they sword flash -- he be hit again and again -- but still he come . it be a glorious death . ext . siege room night algren lead they into the high room of the castle , the siege room . the echoe yoritomo 's death ring in they ear . . katsumoto glance at ujio and nakao . without a word , they kneel on the floor , open they kimonos and unsheathe they short - sword , prepare to commit seppuku . algren no. wait ...! katsumoto glare at he harshly , furious to have he concentration disturb at such a moment . algren there 's a wa y out . look --! reluctantly , katsumoto join he at the window . 96 . algren this place be design to keep people from get in , not from get out . we can make it ka tsumoto this be you plan ? algren do you have a better one ? nakao and ujio look at katsumoto , await he response . he turn to algren . algren I may die . but I will die try . and without another word he launch himself out the window , onto the sloping roof . ext . castle roof top night like he cigar butt earlier in the sequence , he roll , then fall , hit another roof , roll , slide , fall , hit again . int . upper keep continuous katsumoto and the other share a look . have he survive ? gunfire begin to pepper the floorboard , bullet whistling past they . ext . castle roqf top continuous algren slide , bump , roll , fall , hit , then slide again . until he finally plummet into the moat . as he head rise above water , he let out a scream of absolute joy . int . upper keep continuous katsumoto hear the scream . a look of disbelief spread over he face . then the beginning of a smile . without a second look , be leap out the window . ujio follow . Graham shrink away in fear . nakao lift he bodily , throw he out , and then follow . int . castle -- reception chamber later omura stand , very calm , smoking a cigarette , listen to the report of he guard . Colonel bagley try to apologize . bagley ... 1 do not know what to say , sir . I never would have think he capable of treason . omura I would say Captain algren 's act tonight have assure we success . 97 . ambassador swanbeck what do you mean ? omura katsumoto will rejoin he kinsmen . they will fight . we will destroy they with you new weapon . bagley what if he just go off to the mountain and become a damn sheep - herder or some such ? omura you still do not understand we ... katsumoto can do nothing but fight . it be he role in the drama . he must act out he destiny . he know it . ambassador swanbeck you trust a lot in destiny . omura this story be write year ago . from the first sight of you warship in we harbor ... ( stare out the window ) it be a1l inevitable . ext . hill sunset algren , katsumoto , and the other ride over rocky ground . algren ( v.o. ) June 1 , 1877 . yesterday , I pass the field where Zebulon gant be kill by the man with whom I now ride . in the distance a steam train chug along . inevitable . progress . ext . forest ­ mountain day they climb a steep trail . Beyond , the glacier glow pink . algren ( v.o. ) I be beset by irony -- train to fight rebel now I be one . and yet 1 ask mysel f... can a man be reborn ? : algren , katsumoto , and the other ride through a dense forest katsumoto rein he horse . the other follow suit . they wait algren ( v.o. ) and if so , what would he make of it ? mounted samurai emerge from the thick forest as it they be invisible . 98 . the leader leap from he horse and bow , touch he head to the dirt . all the other samurai follow suit . ext . cherry tree forest -- near the village evening katsumoto ride at the head of he samurai as they pass through the cherry orchard . then he rein he horse and fall in beside algren . katsumoto ( he voice troubled ) I be prepare to die in omura 's castle . and yet here I be . I can not help but ask why be you send into my life . what be the lesson you be mean to give I ? algren maybe that neither of we be as smart as we think ... katsumoto laugh . and then in a surprisingly deat imitation of algren katsumoto you ... be not whistlin ' Dixie ... he spur he horse and head off . algren shake he head and follow . ext . village evening the return warrior be warmly welcome by the villager . algren ride directly to yoritomo 's house , dismount . taka and toshiie be wait . he go to they . his expression tell they all they need to know . int . yoritomo's house night algren sit with the family . the boy sit next to they mother . algren ( subtitles ) ... he give he life to save we . he die bravel y. taka ( subtitles ) thank you , algren - San . 99 . higen ( subtitles ) will you fight the white man ? algren ( subtitles ) if they come here , yes . higen ( subtitles ) why ? algren ( subtitles ) because they come to destroy what I have come to love . taka look at he , move and surprised . suddenly , higen jump up and bolt ... out of the room . algren look to taka . taka ( subtitles ) the wa y of samurai be difficult for child . he miss he father . algren and he be angry because I be the cause of that . she smile ever so slightly at he obliviousness . taka no . he it angry because he fear you will die as well . ext . village night higen stand , look up at the star . algren higen . higen ( subtitles ) my father teach I it be glorious to die in battle . algren ( subtitles ) that be what he believe . higen ( subtitles ) I would be afraid to die in battle . algren ( subtitles ) so would I . 100 . higen ( subtitles ) but you have be in many battle . algren ( subtitles ) and I be always afraid . higen look at he , tear welling in he eye . higen ( subtitles ) I do not want you to go . algren have no answer . he can only gather the boy up in he arm and hold he . ext village day nakao be stand proudly , he massive arm fold across he chest . we pull back : Graham be bunched behind he photographic equipment . a flash of phosphorous and the moment be immortalize . meanwhile , algren be work with higen on the house . katsumoto silently watch algren work with the boy . katsumoto algren-san . algren turn . katsumoto they be corn . ext mountain day algren and katsumoto perch on a precipice , look down into a valley . it be a beautiful set . tower peak and peaceful valley . it be here that the final act of the inevitable drama will play out . bel ow they see the Imperial Army , thousand strong , march across the valley toward they . terrify martial column in strict formation . algren I call it five thousand troops . they will come in wave of about a thousand , a few minute between each wave . katsumoto listen carefully to algren 's expertise . 101 . algren german formation have the infantry staggered with on1y light flanking . they will come straight on with rifle and fix bayonet . mauser be only accurate to about 150 yard . they will look to overthrow we . katsumoto take this in . ext . valley day Colonel bagley , omura , several german advisor and japanese officer ride at the head of the Imperial Army . . bagley see something , raise a hand . the troops halt . algren and katsumoto ride up to they . stop. algren Colonel . bagley Captain ... ( to katsumoto ) ... Sir , the Imperial Army of Japan demand you surrender . if you and you fellow lay down you arm you will not be harme . katsumoto that be not possible . as omura know . omura meet katsumoto 's look , nod . bagley turn to algren . bagley Captain algren , we will show no quarter . you ride against we and you be the same as they be . algren I take that as a compliment , Colonel . ( a deadly calm ) I will look for you on the field . algren and katsumoto wheel they horse and go . ext . mountain ridge day algren and katsumoto ride . algren they have the howitzer . katsumoto how many ? algren about a dozen . 102 . katsumoto consider this . algren look up into the mountain . algren a man could get lose up there ... build a army . hold out a very long time . katsumoto algren-san ... have you see what happen to the village that stand in the way of the railroad ? algren nod . he remember . katsumoto that be what will happen to my village if we do not stand and fight . ( look at he ) no . we serve the Emperor here . algren by die ? katsumoto perhaps . algren at least make it battle , not a suicide . katsumoto and what would that accomplish ? algren lift he head , enjoy the feel of the sun and wind on he face . algren it might give you one more day ... one more fine day like this . katsumoto stare at he for a long moment , then smile and spur he horse . algren follow . they ride together , side by aide , the wind billow they cloak -- we enjoy the ride as they do , the tree strobing by , the sun slant through the leave . ext . village night it be the eve of battle . and the samurai rejoice . katsumoto be on stage at the center of the village square , enthusiastically perform a noh drama . algren sit with toshiie and taka in the audience , enjoy katsumoto 's theatrics . other samurai can be see around the village , eat , sing , and play instrument . tonight be for celebrate life . elsewhere , a flash as Graham take a photograph of some child . 103 . on the stage , katsumoto spot algren in the audience , point to he and encourage he to join he . algren resist . toshiie prod he . algren surrender and join katsumoto on the stage . the villager be delighted . katsumoto embroil algren in the performance . algren do he best , laugh at katsumoto 's antic . it be the freest and happiest we have ever see algren . time slow as we savor he simple enjoyment toshiie be highly amused . taka have a deeper response , she be move as she watch algren give himself over to the part . ext . village later that night a somber mood have descend . algren sit and write in he journal . algren ( v.o. ) July 14 , 1877 . for so long now , I have manage to convince myself that there be nothing worth believe in . a samurai play a melancholy bamboo flute . the gentle sound float through the village ... algren ( v.o. ) certainly nothing worth die for . we see samurai prepare for the final battle . some check they armor ... other meditate ... algren ( v.o. ) now I be not so sure . some make up they face so they will look handsome when they greet death . some methodically polish they sword . some sit with they family . algren ( v.o. ) and so , for the first time in my life , I be truly afraid . not of die . but of lose something worth live for . ujio be perform a graceful , ritualistic sword - dance to the song of the flute . algren join Graham to watch he . graham what be it :? . algren the kenbu , .. he dance of death . taka come to they . taka ( subtitles ) algren -san , will you come with I ? 104 . algren leave Graham and accompany taka toward the house . they pass higen and toshiie , who sit with other child at the foot of the massive nakao , listen to a quiet story he tell , int . yoritomo's house following the gentle flute music from outside drift in . one of yoritomo 's beautiful kimonos be elegantly spread on a mat . taka ( subtitles ) if you wear this , it will honor we . he nod . she step to he . a moment . she gently reach forward and unbutton he collar . a tender , silent scene as she undress he and carefully wrap he in the kimono . her hand move gracefull y around he body , never quite touch he . his movement be gentle in response . when he be fully dress , then be tear in he eye . suddenly , fiercely , they be hold each other . ext . katsumoto' house -- porch later that night the quiet evening continue . algren , now dress in the kimono , find katsumoto carefully drop little leave of incense into a small flame that simmer inside he battle helmet . katsumoto so m y hair will have a pleasing scent when I meet my ancestor ... ( dry ) ... you do not do this ? algren smile , sit . algren I study war at a place call West Point . they teach we about a battle call thermopylae . Three hundred brave warrior hold off the king of persia 's army of a million man . for two da ys they make they pay so dearly that the king lose all appetite for further invasion ( look at he ) ... I have some thought about the battle tomorrow . katsumoto ( bemuse ) do you really think we can defeat they ? 105 . algren I sure as hell want to find out . katsumoto you believe a man can change he destiny ? algren no ... but I think a man can not know he destiny . he can only do what he can , until he destiny be reveal . a si1ent beat . then katsumoto pick up a long bundle wrap in cloth . he unwrap it . a beautilu1 long samurai sword . he bow he head and offer it to algren . there be japanese character etched on the blade . algren what do it say ? katsumoto " I belong to the warrior in whom the old way have join the new . " algren be move beyond word . he bow . as the camera pull away , algren and katsumoto squat side by side , draw in the dirt with a stick , plan the next day 's battle strategy . across the square , ujio continue he elegant dance of death , he graceful form illuminate in silhouette by a fire . int . yoritomo's house morning it be the day of the battle . algren be buttone the long coat of he cavalry uniform . he look up to see higen stand in the doorwa y , hold the breast - plate of he father 's armor . ext . yoritomo's house day algren emerge from the house , wear the breast - plate over he coat . taka be at he horse , tie a bag of food to the saddle . she turn and see she husband 's armor on this man . and she breath stop . algren approach she . they stand very cl ose . taka ( subtitles ) return . 106 . algren ( subtitles ) if that be my destiny ... anshinritsumai . [ I wish you peace . ] taka anshinritsumai . he bow he head to she , she respond . the boy stand on the porch , watch . he mount he horse and trot off . they watch he go . . algren join the line of samurai leave the village . it be the first time we have see they in they full battle armor since the battle in the fog . katsumoto in he black armor , ujio in he jet black . and algren in the blood -re breast-plate . it be dazzle . ext . battlefield dawn we move along the line of wait samurai . the face be stoic . prepare . they horse be corral well behind they . algren stand with katsumoto and ujio . Graham be nearby . they peer into the plain beyond . they have choose a strong defensive position . a steep mountain pass . slope on either side create a funnel ahead of they . the Imperial Army will have to pass through the funnel to reach they . on a hill above they higen be reveal . he look down first at the five hundred samurai , then see , beyond , the overwhelming mass of the imperial army . back on the battlefield a distant thud follow by a high -pitch whine . a massive explosion ahead of the samurai . artillery . algren find Graham cower at the base of a straw barricade . algren Mr. Graham .... graham Captain ? algren would you please stay with the horse ? Graham would like to be brave enough to remain , but he be not a soldier . graham as you suggest . 107 . Graham start to go -- algren Mr. Graham ... take this . from he coat , algren take he journal , hand it to Graham . algren maybe you can use it for you book . graham I will . he head back to the relative safet y of the horse corral . meanwhile , the samurai remain impassive as artillery be step in closer , the range brackete . then artillery round begin to fall among they . samurai be blow to piece as they bravel y stand and await death . katsumoto bark a command to ujio . suddenly , the samurai break rank and trot into a new defense alignment . the artillery round now fall ineffectually where once they stand . bagley direct the artillery to be re-targete , it be a laborious , clumsy process . they fire again . another command . the samurai change position again . bagley be furious . they fluid tactic have render he field artillery useless . katsumoto and algren share a look of grim satisfaction . they be leveling the play field . bugle call be hear from the Imperial Army . algren the call to advance . the rattle of the snare drum . the sound of march boot . and then they appear . thousands upon thousand of they . the Imperial Army march relentlessly forward in strict formation . the rising Sun display . katsumoto gaze at the awe-inspire sight . his 500 samurai face a staggering 5,000 soldier . katsumoto tell I ... what happen to that three hundred warrior at thermopylae ? 108 . algren ( a grim smile ) Dead to the last man . katsumoto glance to he , smile . ext . the samurai position continuous the first division of the Imperial Army move into the funnel , they number reduce by the size of the access , and head toward the barricade . katsumoto and algren watch as they move closer and closer . we be expect the samurai to open fire , but they do not . they just wait . finally the Imperial soldier be in rifle range . they stop to fi be a volley . bullet begin hit among the samurai . many fall . algren nod to katsumoto , katsumoto then call out a command and the samurai retreat . they race back toward the rear of the funnel . the Imperial Army soldier climb awkwardly over the first barricade and pursue -- the samurai , meanwhile , have take cover behind a second barricade that have be hide from the Imperial soldier ' view . now safel y behind the second barricade , katsumoto call out a command and -- the samurai fire ! 500 arrow explode -- almost instantly follow by 500 more -- like a image from agincourt , the cloud of arrow sweep across the sky -- Imperial Soldiers fall , the attack falter -- from behind the new barricade , archer fire flaming arrow , that hit the old barricade . it explode into flame , trapping the imperia1 Army bet ween the two barricade . and from the second barricade , two large CA tapult send ball of flame pitch into the already panic soldier . ext . opposing hill top day Colonel bagley , omura , several german adviser and japanese officer watch through binocular . stun . as the first Wave be route . hagley what the hell ? 109 . omura it seem katsumoto will resist he destiny . ( snap a order ) send in the second wave . two division . ext . barricade day algren and katsumoto wait behind the second barricade . we note that this barricade be the real thing . katsumoto remove a piece of shattered armor from he leave forearm , a bullet wound beneath . algren look over the barricade . they see Imperial soldier use semaphore flag to communicate with they commander on the oppose hilltop . katsumoto how long ? algren they need to regroup and report we position . then they will come hard . katsumoto consider the body of the dead imperia1 soldier . ka tsumoto it be sad to see brave man die without face ... you can not tell one warrior from another . algren they be not warrior . they be soldier . it 's a modern army . katsumoto not my world anymore . ext . battle field day bugle . the attack be reforming . rank now bolster by reinforcement . they come at a trot , through the narrow defile , skirt the first barricade , continue at a trot toward the second barricade . ext . 2 nd barricade day katsumoto pull he long sword . algren do the same . katsumoto call out a order -- the archer fire another round . the Imperial soldier be be annihilate but still they come in great wave -- for ever y one who fall it seem there be ten to take he place . they race forward , step over they fall comrade , bayonet poise -- the mauser rifle flash -- 110 . bullet explode around the samurai , many be hit . the Imperial Army have be train to keep fire on the run . the wait samurai will be decimate , except -- from the hill on either side fully half of the samurai force -- who have be keep hide until this moment ... charge , scream into the flank of the attack Army . even rifle can not fire in three direction at once . algren and katsumoto lead the charge over the second barricade . some be cut down , but in moment sword engage ba yonet in brutal hand - to- band combat . algren and katsumoto fight back to back , as if one person , slashing with they sword , shatter bayonet , deal death on all side . ujio crouch , he back leg straight and plant , he front leg bent . still use he bow , fire off arrow with stun speed , refuse to budge -- on the oppose hillside bagley and omura watch the battle through binocular . bagley a classic " V " ambush . sonofabitcb be use welt Point tactic . in the midst of the battle a charge soldier thrust 's he bayonet into katsumoto 's arm - katsumoto kill , the soldier with he short sword but be awkwardly tangle with he body , a second soldier race toward he for the kill - algren spin and attack kill the second soldier - but a third race toward algren , bayonet f1ash he dodge -- but the bayonet slice into he side -- algren kick the soldier away -- try to use he sword but the soldier spring back ath1etically .. ujio appear like a black spectral figure to deliver the coup de grace . all SOUND gradually fade and be replace by the elegaic sound of a bamboo flute ... the image of combat become fragment and impressionistic . bur no matter how bravel y the samurai fight , they be simply outnumber ... nakao be like a cornere bear , arcing he two sword wildly around he . he be shot in the chest , and stagger a moment before continue . another soldier shoot he in the arm at point blank range . nakao ' , sword go fl ying , so the giant samurai leap forward and pick up the shooter bodily , twirling he around like a wrestler , throw he finally onto the upraise pike of a fellow Imperial soldier . but now three more soldier have levell they weapon , and a ruthless volley stagger he again . Shots rain on he as he try to continue fight , but he strength leave he . finally , with one last lunge , he manage to pull a Imperial soldier with he , crush he as he fall . 111 . more and more fall as algren , katsumoto , and they comrade fight desperately ... the mournful flute be the appropriate accompaniment as ujio be mortally wounded . the grim award master be cut through with bullet . still he fight . a Imperial soldier hold up a rifle to protect himself , and ujio 's blade cut through the barrel . the soldier just have time to look at the gun in amazement before a second sweep of uji of 's sword behead he . but there be too many to take the man 's place , and finally fi have man run uji of through with bayonet , and he be pin against the barricade , still upright in death . at last , what be leave of this second wave of the Imperial Army , retreat . ext . plain almost sunset the plain before the barricade be litter with Imperial Army dead . algren and katsumoto sit exhaust , lean against the barricade . they be both wounded . only about . hundred samurai be still alive . algren look over the decimate warrior for a moment . even that still alive be in bad shape as they wait for the next wave of Imperial soldier . katsumoto be look at ujio 's body nearby . katsumoto he be kaishaku ... my trust friend . algren we will not be able to hold they back this time . katsumoto this be not you battle . you do not have to die here . a long beat . algren I die a long time ago . katsumoto but now you live again . algren yes . katsumoto it be not you time . algren no . maybe I survive just to live this one last day . algren look at he . 112 . algren I will stay . he slowl y pull himself up . he and katsumoto gaze at the plain before they . at the infantry troops mass on the oppose hilltop . algren look at katsumoto . he reach into the pocket of he old uniform and take out the Medal of honor he receive , long ago , at sutter 's Hill . he affix it to he old cavalry tunic . katsumoto look at algren . they be both think the same thing . Silent agreement . ext . plain sunset the hundred mount samurai be a beautiful sight . they wait in formation in front of the barricade , the long plain through the funnel to the oppose hilltop before they . katsumoto draw he long samurai sword . algren draw he . and they slowl y begin to trot forward ... and then to canter ... behind the imperial army Colonel bagley and omura watch , transfix . there be something approach admiration on omura 's face . on bagley 's , there be only malice . bagley the gatling gun . quickly . ext . plain sunset katsumoto point he sword and scream out he war cry . . and they charge . it be suicidal it be glorious . it be the end of the samurai . they charge forward , they war cry echoing in the canyon . the Imperial troops fire rifle -- samurai fall .. but still they come : -- pound over the earth like something from a ancient dream 113 . algren and katsumoto charge side by side . alive . Warrior . behind the imperial army bagley and omura watch as the samurai fall , one by one . with the charge Fifteen or twenty of the samurai -- include algren and katsumoto - - somehow manage to fight they way through the line . they break into the open . and continue riding straight toward the rear . algren and katsumoto be both wounded , yet still they charge . they have only one think in mind -- death to they enemy . they gallop forward toward bagley and omura . bagley look around in abject terror . he scream out a order . two wagon be move into position . they rear gate fall open ... revealing the gatiling gun . algren and katsumoto be near enough to see they . yet they will not be deterr . they charge on . up ahead . the gatling gun be not yet ready to fire . japanese soldier slam ammo belt into the chamber . algren , katsumoto and the remaining samurai have almost reach they goal . bagley cower in fear , look around , but there be nowhere to hide . the samurai charge even while riding at I full gallop , they have fix arrow into they long 114 . bow . they let loose a lethal volley . bagley bagley Fire ! Fire , dammit !!!!! but before the gun can open up , he be impale by arrow after arrow , a human pincushion . the final arrow pierce he forehead . then ... the gatling gun finally fire . ripping into the samurai- destroy they - one after another be hit -- and still they come -- they voice raise in glorious cry of triumph - Graham watch from a hilltop , tear in he eye . katsumoto be hit , blood explode .- he horse fall -- he spi1l off -- then algren be hit -- he fall -- algren drag himself to katsumoto , bullet explode ever ywhere ­ algren look up to see ... the remain samurai still charge - and still the gatling gun tear through they -- and still they charge ­ until they be all down . ext . opposing hilltop sunset a japanese Officer shout out a order -- the gatling gun stop . omura scream at he to continue fire ! the japanese officer bark out response . refuse . omura see all the samurai be dead or die . but he also see algren kneel by katsumoto , drag he awa y . he scream at the japanese officer to resume fire ! the japanese officer refuse . he just look over the plain of die samurai for a moment . then he do the most remarkable thing . he slowl y kneel and touch he head to the dirt . 115 . then a soldier near he do the same thing . then another and another . and then by the thousand . they kneel and touch they head to the dirt . honore the last samurai . ext . plain sunset atgren drag the die katsumoto to a8 copse of cherry tree nearby ... ext . cherry tree sunset both man be bleed profusel y. katsumoto help I up ... algren just -- stay there . katsumoto help I up . algren help he to stand . without algren 's support , he would fall . katsumoto my sword ... algren no . ka tsumoto you have you honor again . let I die with mine ... kaishaku . algren look at he , deeply move . katsumoto manage to pull out he short sword . katsumoto you must help I . hold it firmly ... algren support katsumoto as he hold the sword 's point firmly to he stomach . ka tsumoto be you ready ? algren no , kaishaku . 116 . katsumoto look at he deepl y , warmly . katsumoto we will ride together again . katsumoto embrace algren firmly -- the sma1l sword impale he algren hold he tightly . katsumoto be look over algren 's shoulder as he die . katsumoto see something . a look of joy and absolute peace come to he feature . katsumoto ( whisper ) it be perfect ... they be all perfect . his eye cl ose . he be dead . algren gently kneel with katsumoto 's body he hold he for a moment and then turn to see what katsumoto be look at . cherry blossom . a display of perfect beauty . we slowl y fade to ... int . imperial palace -- throne room day ambassador swanbeck , omura , and a retinue of advisor be present the treaty document for the Emperor 's signature . the Emperor sit restively on he throne . ambassador swanbeck ... will usher in a era of unprecedented prosperity and cooperation between we two great nation . a servant come and whisper into the Emperor 's ear . omura ( subtitles ) highness , if we could just conclude the matter at hand ... the Emperor ignore omura , and gesture that the door to the chamber be open . algren enter with Graham . algren carry something wrap in a blanket . he approach the Emperor . kneel and set the bundle at the Emperor 's foot . algren remain kneel with he head bow . he unwrap the bundle . 117 . it be katsumoto 's long samurai sword . ' the Emperor look at it . omura ( subtitle ) all you enemy be dead , enlighten one . the Emperor continue to look at the sword . he do not look up . emperor / translator ( to algren ) you be with he at the end . algren / transla tor yes . he ask that I bring you this -- that the strength of the samurai will be with you alwa ys . the Emperor rise from he chair and sit on the floor , in the traditional japanese fashion , before the sword . omura ( after a moment ) en1ightcne one , we all weep for he loss , but the future of we country lie in - the Emperor interrupt he , speak in English -- to ever yone 's surprise . emperor my ancestor have rule Japan for 2,000 year . and for all that time we have sleep . during my sleep I have dream . I dream of a unify Japan . of a country strong and independent and modern ... ( touch the sword lovingly ) and now we be awake . we have railroad and cannon and western clothing . but we can not forget who we be . or where we come from . the Emperor look up at the gather dignitary . . emperor ambassador swanbeck I have conclude that you treaty be not in the best interest of my people . ambassador swandeck Sir , if I may -- emperor you may not . from this moment on , economic investment from ever y nation will be consider equally . 118 . ambassador swanbeck be stunne . ambassador swanbeck this be a outrage -- the Emperor gesture . a servant escort swanbeck to the exit . omura take a step closer to the Emperor . omura ( subtitle ) enlighten one , we should discuss this emperor ( subtitle ) omura , do you know we northern island ? omura be confuse . emperor ( subtitle ) there be a small one call taraku . a rock in the sea . there be nothing there but crab who have be know to tear a sleep man apart ... I have have a small house construct on the island . you will go there now and await we summon . omura ( subtitle ) Sir ...? emperor ( subtitle ) I hereby seize you family 's asset and present they as my gift to the people . omura look at he , stunne . emperor ( subtitle ) further , I have decide to stop the railroad cxpansion into yoshino . omura ( subtitle ) enlighten one emperor ( subtitle ) you have serve you function . I have no more need of you ... you can conspire with the crab now . remove yourself . 119 . omura ( protest , subtitle ) honore Emperor , I do not know wh y you disgrace I . the Emperor finally look up from the sword . emperor ( subtitle ) if you shame be too unbearable ... I offer you this sword . omura look at he for a moment . then bow tersely and go . the Emperor look at algren , still kneel before he . emperor ( in English again ) the samurai be not a man now . he be a idea . ( a beat ) tell I how he die . algren look at the Emperor . algren I will tell you how he live . we slowl y fade as algren begin to speak ... ext . village day spring . a few year later . there be no samurai training in the square , but otherwise the village be bustling with life . we hear Graham 's voice : graham ( v.o. ) ... and so the day of the samurai have end . int . lecture hall ( england ) day Graham stand at a lectern on a book tour . a well - dress audience listen attentivel y. a banner proclaim , " the last samurai , " by Simon Graham . graham ( v.o. ) and in the year to come the rising Sun of Imperial Japan would fl y in triumph over Korea , over Russia , even over China . Nations , like man , it be sometimes say , have they own destiny ext . village day we see that yoritomo 's house have finally be complete .. toshiie sit on the porch , instructing a group of young child in calligraphy . 120 . graham ( v.o . ) as for the american Captain , no one know what become of he . all that be leave be he journal which I have publish , accord to he last request . taka step from the house and pass toshiie , she carry a basket . we move through the village with she ... graham ( v.o. ) some lay he die of he wound , other that he return to he own country ... she pass a old man teach the noh drama to a group of teenager . she pass higen , work on a new building . apparently he have find a good life as a carpenter . he seem content . we go with taka as she leave the village ... ext . cherry tree day taka move through the cherry orchard . graham ( v.o. ) but I like to think he may have find at last some small measure of the peace we all seek , but few of we ever find . taka stop . watch . we follow she gaze to discover : algren , sit alone . gazing peacefully sit the cherry bl ossom . wait for the perfect one . he turn to she , a smile of quiet joy spread across he face . graham ( v.o. ) anshinritsumai . [ I wish you peace . ] fade out .