the assignment written by Dan Gordon &amp ; sabi H. shabtai 7/2/1996 shoot draft establishing shot - extreme close - up - cobblestone - paris - early morning title sequence begins we OPEN with the screen fill with a dark gray , cut down the middle by a black crevice . we should be unsure of what we be look at . be it the surface of the moon or some primeval canyon cover in volcanic ash ? just then a liquid with a yellowish tinge find its way down through the crevice and further divide the screen in two , like a river border divide East from West perhaps . camera pull back and up to reveal that the dark gray gulch fill the screen be in fact two pave stone on a parisian street and the yellowish river that run down the middle of the stone come in two tiny stream that lead to two little boy , who be pee on the pavement , laugh at they mischief . the boy be twin . they wear backpack and be set to go off to school . just then we hear the voice of a woman shouting in french ( with English subtitles ) . french woman ( o.s. ) what do you think you be go ?! you ought to be ashamed behave like that ! camera pull back and up to reveal ever more scene of life on this particular street . the woman shout at the child from she window and the child run off . at the corner , fresh bread be be deliver to a sidewalk cafe , as chair be set out at table by white aprone waiter who be prepare for they morning clientele . camera pull back and up to reveal a taxi driver argue with a deliver man as a husband kiss he wife goodbye and set off for work as we continue pull back and across the city over Montmartre , pick up a argument between two driver here , fresh bread be deliver to a cafe over there . chair be be set up at sidewalk table as the city awaken and we float across Montmartre into a small residential quarter . husband kiss wife who send school child on they way as title continue and the city come more and more to life and we hover across a small square just up from the place de la Opera , not far from the boulevard Saint germain - des - pre , with Montmartre in the b.g . the square have a sidewalk cafe with table extend out onto a peninsula of pavement that stretch to the foot of a small hotel , whose shutter window overlook the square . as we pull back and back over the small square , we literally ... sfx shot ... pull backwards through the slat of the shutter , go from a aerial shot , be suck in through the semi-close shutter into a hotel room where we continue ever so slowly , pull back . int . HOTEL room - paris - early morning the first thing we see in this shot which should appear seamless in its one continuous motion transition from the precede scene , be a spider - web . we be tight on the web in which a still - live insect struggle against he silky bond . the web begin to tremble as from up above the spider drop , spin thread lowering itself down on this latest victim , soon to be lunch . as the spider make this journey we become aware in the b.g. of the panting sound of lovemake . it be a woman 's breathless sigh and gasp we hear , but under that , perhaps a man 's voice , perhaps not . the sound build to a climax as the camera continue to pull back until it discover the glisten body of a beautiful young parisian woman in post-coital dewy nirvana . then , the figure of a nude man in silhouette enter frame and cross over to the shutter window . his face and body be half - light by the slat of light that penetrate from the world outside the hotel room . he light a cigarette . CUT to : angle on - close on the man whom we will come to know as carlo . he light the cigarette and take a thirsty drag suck the smoke deep into he lung , glance out at the street and alternately at the spider who tiptoe down to she prey . he watch the spider envelop the still - live victim with she spindly leg . then he take another drag on the cigarette and the ash glow bright , a burn ember which he touch ever so slowly to the spider 's body . it sizzle . carlo ( whisper to the burnt spider ) you lose ... he look out through the shutter at the digital clock across the square . then he glance back at the girl whom we will call colette . the conversation be in french with English subtitles . colette what do you mean ? carlo I mean get out . colette you be a pig , you know that ? how can you be like that ? carlos cross to she slowly . he run he hand across she cheek , then down across she throat . death be in he eye . carlo ( barely above a whisper ) leave without say another word . int . bathroom - HOTEL - day carlos stand in front of the mirror . the mirror be crack and in it we see the fracture face of carlos stare back at we from opposite side of the crack glass . he wear surgical glove . from a make up kit by the side of the sink he remove a piece of false hair and spirit gum as title continue . A. carlos affix a John Lennon mustache . B. carlos put on a brown wig of moderately longish hair such as one might have see on a student in Paris in the early seventies . c. carlos put on a pair of John Lennon granny glass and the student look be complete . D. carlos stand in front of a full length mirror in jeans and a blue work shirt over which he put a wear grey jacket . he now look every inch the young french student dress down to look like one of the proletariat . end of title E. carlos take a m26 hand grenade and put it into a inside pocket of he coat . he put a machine pistol and snap its ammo clip into it and put it in he student 's shoulder bag and then take a walther ppk and place it in he jeans at the small of he back . all the while that he be do this thing he sing : " all you need be love . " carlo ( sing ) all you need be love ... rum da , da da da all you need be love rum da da da da all you need be lo -ve Love be all you need . Love be all you need . superimposed : Paris , September 15 , 1974 . ext . / int . sidewalk cafe - day it 's a hot Sunday afternoon and the complex of shop and a cafe in St. germain - des - pre be bustling with young clientele . Inside the cafe , there be a second floor with a balustrade overlook the table inside . outside , there be table set up on the sidewalk . jack shaw , a tall , husky american in he late thirty , sit at one of the front table outside . he read the International Herald tribune . the headline be , " terrorist seize embassy , issue demand and threaten attack . " Jack sip he espresso . angle on carlo dress as in precede scene . he enter . just then Jack look up and see he . for a instant , carlos look at Jack , tense just slightly . Jack look back at he paper pay no attention . carlos pull out a cigarette , pat he pocket for a light . then he cross to Jack . carlo pardon monsieur ... he mime flick a match and Jack look for a match . he 's out . he offer the light end of he cigarette . carlos cup Jack 's hand . carlo merci . he cross away from Jack , smile and go inside the cafe . Jack follow he absentmindedly , tracking he progress through the window , though he view be obscure somewhat by reflection of the street . carlos step casually to the railing overlook the table inside as Jack see the double image of carlos and the reflect street scene . carlos lean over , pull the pin from a m26 grenade , and let the " spoon " come off in he hand . we hear the timing fuse hiss as carlos nonchalantly count to himself . carlo ( count ) one thousand one ... one thousand two ... one thousand three ... angle on - jack he look up just in time to see carlos drop the grenade casually into the crowd below . they eye lock for a beat ; then carlos smile , turn and bound away . Jack 's eye widen in horror . he get up , about to cry out a warning . CUT to : angle on the crowd below as the grenade explode , fill the air with smoke and fly glass , its metal rip through flesh and bone . people be wounded , bloody and writhe in pain and scream in panic . angle on jack dishevel , cover with the shattered glass of the window , but not but not seriously hurt , he struggle to he foot . he look around for carlos who have vanish , now realize who he be . as he look around , he see a SMALL boy stare at he leave arm with heart- rending disbelief . the boy have no hand . CUT to : ext . sidewalk cafe - paris - day there be throng of ambulance , police and military personnel , wounded survivor be be tend to . all be confusion and off in a corner we see Jack , stand with a man in a suit . the man 's name be du foltiere . he show Jack a i.d . du foltiere du foltiere , monsieur , intelligence liaison officer . dst . my understanding be that you be the deputy Chief of Station , CIA , Paris , and that you witness by coincidence this attack . jack that 's right . du foltiere and you have tell my subordinate that you recognize the terrorist as carlos ? du foltiere pull out a small notebook to take note . jack that 's not what I tell he . I say he recognize I . afterwards I realize who he be . by then it be too late . du foltiere ( write in he notebook ) ah yes ... the deputy chief of station do not recognize he ... but he recognize you . jack I be not the one wear the disguise . du foltiere yes of course ... but then how be you sure it be he ? jack how often do you see someone hold a live grenade listen to the fuse ? besides , the arrogant son of a bitch bastard smile at I . ext . int . OPEC hq - day superimposed : Vienna , December 21 , 1975 it 's a cold Sunday morning with a light snow just beginning to fall when six young men and one woman enter the headquarters of the Organization of Petroleum export country -- a modern , seven-story block of concrete and glass . they all carry adida sport bag over they shoulder . they leader , carlos , with dark beret and sunglass , sport a long white raincoat -- the kind that be very much in fashion that winter . next to he be koj , a japanese terrorist and he most trust Lieutenant . carlo ( sing ) I shot the sheriff ... but I do not shoot the deputy ... CUT to : int . conference room - third floor at a long oval table twelve oil minister . miniature national flag in chromium holder in front of they . behind , sit or stand , the secretary , adviser , interpreter and bodyguard . venezuelan oil minister ... obviously some of the member be exploit the oil price differential as a loophole ... this body have be very precise in its policy . CUT to : int . entrance hall - ground floor the group with the adida sport bag approach the reception desk . carlos -- moustache , sideburn , and wispy beard in reddish brown -- smile politely at the female receptionist . behind the reception desk be two circular staircase which wind they way up to a elevator that be visible behind the railing at the top of the landing . there be what appear to be a security man stand at that elevator with a earpiece and tell - tale bulge under he jacket . carlo ( in german ) pardon I . be the conference still in progress ? smiling back , the ash -blonde receptionist nod . receptionist ( in german ) yes , but sir ... carlo ( in german ) I have a urdent delivery for the minister . as if on urgent business , carlos quickly head up the flight of stair before the security man who stand next to the receptionist can react . the security man speak quickly into he walkie talkie . angle on - the landing by the elevator at the top of the stair . carlos bound up the stair and push the elevator button . the Security man near the elevator listen intently to what be be say in he earpiece and he step forward to challenge carlos . carlos smile at he and whip out a 'mm . silence beretta and fire two shot right between the Security man 's eye . he fall over the railing and land face up on the console in front of the terrify receptionist . carlos lean over the rail in one move and fire two shot into the upturn face of the Security man who stand next to the shocked receptionist . the receptionist scream . CUT to : int . conference room nigerian oil minister ( angry ) I protest the unfound charge of the oil minister from Venezuela . we do not use , nor intend to use , the lower grading to capture more of the market -- his word be cut short when the door be kick open , and carlos stride in . carlo ( brandish he automatic ) everyone freeze ! everyone frantically hit the floor . that be , with the exception of two bodyguard . they try for they weapon . a short burst from carlos ' beretta machine pistol which be pull from the inside of he trenchcoat bring they to the floor . this weapon be not silence , but deafen . just then koj enter the room from the corridor . koj we have get company . suddenly , there 's the sound of intense gunfire come from the corridor . angle on - carlo he reach into he trenchcoat and pull out a pocket-size chinese rgd5 grenade . he yank the pin , let the spoon fly , listen to the fuse hiss , count quite calmly and then toss the live grenade to koj who catch it and in one movement toss it out the door . a loud sound of grenade explosion , and plaster powder that glue to the floor . gasp of terror . but the gunfire outside cease . carlo my name be carlos . you will do as I say . his smile be cun , mock , and ... familiar . ext . vienna airport - snowstorm - magic hour we see a Air France jet liner touch down on the runway . ext . vienna airport - snowstorm - magic hour Jack come down the step of the just - land jet . the blizzard whip around he face as he walk down the stair unit and onto the tarmac , pull he overcoat up around he . ext . american embassy , vienna - snowstorm - magic hour - EST . int . office - american embassy - vienna - night behind the desk be carl micken , the CIA Station Chief -- tall , angular , cropped grey hair . he be in mid-conversation with Jack Shaw who sit opposite he , he overcoat over the arm of the chair in which he sit . he have obviously just come from the airport . mickena ... twenty million dollar ransom . jack who 's ask for it ? mickena " the Arm of the arab Revolution . " alias of the month time . ( shrug ) could be anybody . the point be ... they leader claim to be carlos ... jack he do , do he ? mickena he want to make sure everyone know it 's he . he want the credit and the austrian want a positive id . that 's when you name come up . jack who bring my name up ? mickena the guy who say he 's carlos . the austrian want you there to identify he . jack where ? mickena at the airport . tomorrow . when they provide the plane to fly he and the hostage to Libya . carlos evidently feel very comfortable in Libya . jack they get he here in they own backyard and they be gonna let he walk away ?! mickena they have get no choice , Jack . jack bullshit ! let them handle it like the Israelis would . mickena they're not the Israelis Jack . it 's not they fight . jack then let I take he out ! they want I to meet he at the airport . I can get close enough to get a clear shot at he . we can end this shit now . mickena Jack ! he 's get seventy hostage . jack fuck the hostage ! micken look at he almost in horror . Jack know he have let down too much of the mask of professionalism as it be . jack ( apologetically ) harold , we can handle it with a minimum loss of life . mickena we will handle it with no loss of life . that be not just any hostage . they be the oil minister of the richest country in the world , and that twenty million buck they be gonna have to pay be not gonna break them you know . it 's nothing to they . they just want to pay it and ... it 's not we fight . jack what do you think carlos be gonna do with that money ? put it in mutual fund ? he will use it to hit we . let I assemble a team and we can ... mickena Jack goddamnit , there be not any team to assemble ! you be a fuckin ' dinosaur . we be out of the assassination business . all of we ! you get a personal hard on against this guy because he make you look like a asshole and now he 's gonna rub you nose in it . I can appreciate you feeling , but it 's not go down on we soil . it be not with we national and it be not we fight ! now I get my order and you just get yours . int . vienna INTERNATIONAL airport - vienna - night Carl , Jack and various other CIA functionary walk quickly down the corridor with austrian police and intelligence officer . Jack carry a briefcase as do they all . angle on - jack jack I gotta hit the john . int . men' room - vienna INTERNATIONAL airport - night Jack stand inside of a stall in the man 's room . he have just cross a certain frontier in he mind and step in to the area know as no man 's land . he quickly take off he overcoat and jacket and we see attach to he arm a harness make up of strap and spring . he open he briefcase and attaches to the harness a .32 caliber beretta . he fumble with the adjustment , racing against time . finally , he seem to have adjust everything just so . then he lower he arm to he side . then he raise the right arm as if shaking hand and the harness slam the .32 caliber beretta from he forearm straight into he palm . he reset the gun back into the forearm position . he have a look of grim determination on he face . the only question be , be it the look of someone who be crazy enough to do what he be contemplate . ext . vienna INTERNATIONAL airport - blizzard - night on the tarmac , a austrian Airways dc9 . tv camera , light , generator be set up in front of the plane , send beam and pool of yellow light into the darkness and the snow which swirl all around as a pool of reporter stand ready to record whatever be about to go down . among a small group of official be Jack Shaw . everyone 's eye be on a approach yellow curtain bus . on bus as it get closer , we can detect through its windshield a white raincoat and a black beret . carlos be stand by the driver with a machine - pistol in one hand and a grenade in the other . close - jack his eye strain to get a better look at the terrorist , he arm down at he side . back to scene as the bus park by the DC 9 , carlos jump out and wave to the media . not the customary v-sign , but the wave of a celebrity ... the hostage then , under they captor ' gun , file compliantly out of the bus and onto the plane . a line of exhaust , bleary - eye middle - age man in expensive suit and in need of a shave . carlos however , be as fresh , alert and energetic as the morning of the attack . and he 's definitely savore the moment . on jack tense , he try to be inconspicuous as he lean towards micken . jack ( whisper ) I think it 's he , but I can not be sure . not with that dark glass and the beard ... on carlo everyone on board , he too climb the mobile step and disappear into the plane . suddenly , he reemerges and come down to where the official and Jack stand . as Jack watch he intently , he face the minister of the interior . in the window of the plane we see koj hold a grenade to the pilot 's head . angle on carlo carlo Minister of the Interior , I presume ...? the distinguished - look man , who look a bit like kurt waldheim , nod . carlo I be sorry this have to happen in Austria . we have no quarrel with you government . his eye catch Jack , he stop in mid-sentence . a devilish smile cross he lip as he turn towards he . he pull a cigarette out and cross right over to Jack , up close and as they say , very personal . the snowflake whirl surrealistically around they as the two stand face to face . carlo pardon monsieur ... he mime flick a match . he take off he glass and look at Jack and smile . carlo we be never really properly introduce mister Shaw . my name be carlos . with a cun , mock smile he extend he hand out to shake Jack 's . Jack stare at he , ever so slowly beginning to raise he hand . with that move he know the gun will come slapping into he palm and he will be able to take carlos out no matter what the cost . jack ( smile ) eat shit and die slow . his hand start rise . in another second the gun will spring into it . just then we hear : mickena ( o.s. ) Jack , no ! Jack turn to look at micken . micken indicate the photographer . mickena you do not want you picture take shaking he hand . Jack be momentarily confuse . he have turn to micken think perhaps he be call out a warning and now the moment for the shot have pass . he turn back to carlos who shrug and step over to the austrian minister so that the Minister now be between Jack and carlos and the shot be lose . carlo ( to the minister ) as I be say , I be sorry about the loss of life . and thank you for you cooperation . once again he stick out he hand . only this time , as the camera roll , Austria 's Minister of the Interior shake the hand of the archterrorist in what will go down in history as the " handshake of shame . " on jack his eye tell it all . ext . jerusalem - western wall - day we begin with a establishing shot of Al Aksa mosque and the mosque of Omar in Jerusalem . this be the two most famous landmark in Jerusalem 's Old City skyline . over this we super : jerusalem - august camera then pan and tilt down and we be above the western Wall look down on the bob black hat of hassidic Jews , the knitted skullcap of more modern Orthodox , here and there the olive shirt of Army uniform with m16 or galil assault rifle that sway in prayer as well . cross dissolve : to the Jerusalem stone pave stone that make up the square in front of the wall as we glide across the intersect line of pave stone set one next to the other until a glow cigarette come into view and then a foot which crush it out . there should be something in this sequence that be reminiscent of we open , a forebode that just as the crack in the parisian pave stone lead we to carlos once before , perhaps this new stone will lead we once again to some act of terror . new angle to reveal a man stand in silhouette , the man who have just crush out the cigarette . we can not see he face because he have a camera to he eye . new angle - Pov through the camera lens through the lens of the camera just establish we see a old rabbi praying at the wall . click ! the shutter capture the shot . back to scene the man in silhouette now lower the camera and we see that he be carlo ! there be no mistake even though the nose , perhaps be a little different and this time he be clean - shaven , it be still carlos the jackal . he smile slightly . ext . church of the holy sepulchre busy photograph it , carlos do not seem to notice the two arab who watch he surreptitiously . he walk in front of soldier who laugh and look at we Pov carlos . angle carlos reach into he pocket . be he perhaps go for a grenade to toss at this soldier ? we build tension as he pull out instead , another roll of film and with great determination , we have the click of the door of the camera to enhance we music beat as tension build . surely it can not be long till carlos do something awful . ext . moslem quarter - day carlos walk towards the suq , work he way through the crown from the Damascus gate as we reveal more soldier in the foreground , surveilling the area . ext . moslem quarter - day from the Pov of the two Arabs follow he , we see carlos lose , or pretend to be , as he amble along through the suq , past all sort of vendor hawk they ware . head of fish be cut off with the swift slash of a knife in one stall , freshly skinned lamb hang by they foot in another . carlos , still look lose , approach a street vendor hawk rosary bead . we see they talk but can not hear they dialogue . carlos walk on . ext . moslem quarter - day a group of child play a impromptu game of soccer . new angle - same scene - Pov carlo through camera lens we watch this innocent child play . if this be a gun sight they would be dead . click ! new angle it be carlos who have take the picture . his smile at the sight of the child be no longer a subtle one . there be some secret enjoyment here . it 's then , that he notice the two Arabs tailing he . close on - carlo he frown . now what happen can be interprete in one of two way . carlos take a turn down a alleyway that have at first a shop or two , and then be nothing but desert and forebode alley . he be either try to shake the two Arabs or he have just enter every tourist 's nightmare : a desert alley in a foreign country with two bad guy . he quicken he pace . the Arabs do too . carlos now know they be after he and he take off run . ext . moslem quarter - day - chase sequence angle so do the two Arabs . only now there be three more arab come after he . moving a tense , desperate chase in the moslem Quarter 's labyrinth of twisted alley and narrow street . when he arab pursuer lose sight of he briefly , carlos take something out of he pocket , some sort of id and throw it in a alleyway . ext . suq - jerusalem - day carlos race through the suq , past a group of Arabs who begin heed the call to prayer . they roll out prayer mat and begin acclaim in Arabic that there be only one God and Mohammed be he prophet . carlos grab one of the canvas awning that shade the alleyway and this cafe . he rip it off , try to make a obstacle course between he and he pursuer . he overturn trays of olive , sack of sunflower seed , anything he can get he hand on . new angle carlos run headlong into a copper serve platter that be hang on display . he be disorient , terrify , and then seemingly from out of nowhere , he be tackle , grab by the Arabs and drag to a dark alley between two store . carlos be overcome and bring down to the ground . one of the Arabs evidently have a deep dislike for carlos and though carlos be subdued , he kick the shit out of he . CUT to black : int . windowless cell - day this room be you worst nightmare in the Middle East . it could be a cellar suite in Beirut , or a interrogation cell in Damascus . there be no way of know . it be simply a empty room with a large metal ring embed into the floor , to which carlos be shackle . batter and badly bruise , he 's obviously in great pain . the room 's metal door screech as it open slowly and a new man whom we will call amos enter . with he be two of the Arabs we have see earlier . they be barehead now , without they kaffiyeh . amos ( accented English ) how do you feel ? he smile . carlo ( break English ) I do not speak English . ( in Spanish ) yo soy cubano ... de Cuba ... castro ... Su amigo ... amigo ... entiende ? amos you speak English well enough to you contact ... the street vendor ... so please let 's not play game . we be both professional , carlos . carlo ( with heavy Cuban accent ) my name ... ramirez ... no carlos . amos yes , I know what you name be ... illich ramirez ... carlo no illich . amos alias carlos sanchez , alias carlos martinez , alias the jackal . carlo ( with heavy Cuban accent ) jou be loco man ... no carlos ... I be tourist ... amo swoops down and with one hand pull carlos by the hair over across he knee with he throat up and other hand in a hammer lock . amo bring he face down to carlos . amos listen to I you piece of shit . I be try very hard to be professional about this but you be in israeli hand now ... so do not play game with I ... entiende hombre ? carlos whose neck be stretch back like a goose about to be slaughter can barely croak out a answer . carlo okay . amo loosen he grasp and straighten up . carlos wince in pain from break rib . as he speak it be now unaccent English , just the slight trace of Spanish background . carlo you ... you be tell I you be Israelis ... not Arabs ? ( relieved ) I be in some kind of a israeli prison ... be that what you be tell I ? amos amazing how much you English have improve in just a few second ... carlo ( try to be very reasonable ) look , obviously there have be some kind of mistake . I do not know who you think I be , but I be a Lieutenant Commander in the United States navy , okay ? I be Lieutenant Commander annibal ramirez of the u.s.s. yorktown , Sixth fleet , dock in haifa . I be not carlos or sanchez or illich or the jackal or whoever you think you just catch . if you call the U.S. embassy and ask for the Sixth fleet liaison Officer , he will confirm everything I have say . he be not pushy , just firm and decisive . amos remarkable ... remarkable performance ... the chutzpa of it be unbelievable ... my hat be off to you carlos . carlos , who from now on out will be refer to by he real name , ramirez , have have it with the reason approach . he now adopt the demeanor of a U.S. Naval Officer reaming a enlist man a brand new bunghole . ramirez you hat 's off ?! I will tear you head off ! you get on the horn and you call the U.S. embassy and you call the Sixth fleet liaison Office and then motherfucker you go out and find yourself a good lawyer and I will tell you something ' Jack , I be gonna sue you ass so bad that you great great grandchild will still be shovelin ' shit to pay off the debt ! amo be do he best to look unflappable . amos carlos ... give I a break , huh ? if you be a american officer you would have ... id papers , dog tag . ramirez I ditch them in a alley just before you guy get I . go back there you will find them . amos you ditch they . ramirez per instruction ... a american officer on shore leave in the Middle East must travel in mufti , civilian clothes . a bunch of Arabs start chase I ... could be terrorism ... could be kidnap ... instruction be to ditch we tag , we id or anything else that could identify we . that 's why I speak Spanish , that 's why I say I be a Cuban , not a american . and you break my rib here asshole . I be gonna sue you , I be gonna sue you government ... I be gonna sue every fuckin ' Jew I can get my hand on you , understand I ?! int . corridor outside ramirez' cell - russian compound - day amo walk down the corridor . for the first time , he look the tiniest bit concerned . ramirez ( shouting after he ) I be gonna sue menachem begin , I be gonna sue moshe dayan , I be gonna sue the goddamn b'nai b'rith or whatever you call it . int . amos ' office - jerusalem - day amo sit in he office look very worried . a long-haire baby - face agent come in . he could pass for a typical student travel on holiday . his name be yoni . yoni Sir ? amos yoni ... I want you to go back to the old city ... where we catch ... carlos ... I want you to be very inconspicuous . take a half dozen man ... you comb every alleyway there ... every garbage can ... everything you can find ... for what look like a U.S. military id if there be such a thing there . yoni what 's the problem ? amos who say there be a problem ? there 's no problem . I just ask you to do something and you be go to do it . so there 's no problem . ext . alley of old CITY jerusalem - day yoni and half a dozen plaincloth shin Bet agent walk through the alley look around . yoni be dress like a long -haire backpack student ; other dress like Arabs , other like tourist . as inconspicuously as possible , they search alley and trash can like the homeless search for food . int . amos ' office - jerusalem amo sit at he desk . just then yoni walk in . amo look up . amos nu ? yoni put a U.S. navy id complete with photo and a set of military dog tag on amo ' desk . angle - close on the id it identify its bearer as Lt. Commander annibal ramirez u.s.n . there be a picture of ramirez in the upper corner of the id in uniform . angle on amos he hold the id and then sit back in he chair defeat and let out a very jewish sigh . amos oyyyy . CUT to : int . CIA headquarters - terrorism situation room - day this be a high - tech , ultra modern chrome and glass room which feature a map of the world etched in plexiglass with terrorist hot - spot mark prominently . on the glass as well be the logo of the CIA . in this situation room we find winston scott III , a 50 - year- old pin-stripe suiter who appear to be amused . with he be Monroe , he Black deputy and Jack . in front of Jack , spread out on the desk be a file on ramirez . we see it as Jack do . Notes on the interrogation , Polaroid photo of ramirez in custory and the develop picture from the roll of film which ramirez be take in Jerusalem . Jack listen to Scott and Monroe , but as he do he be take in all the information in ramirez 's file , make no judgment , just take in information . scott I love it ! that cocky israeli bastard think they hit the jackpot . get the jackal right in they own backyard ... monroe State Department 's goin ' apeshit . and the navy ... Admiral trost be so piss he be ready to shell the port of haifa . Jack , however , be not sniggering . he 's think hard as he look at all the information on the desk . jack you be not gettin ' it be ya ? scott what ? jack this be not some yokel ... this be the israeli General Security service ... the mossad . the best in the business . they have the most complete dossier there be on carlos , the latest picture of he ... everything . I mean what 's that tell you ? scott that they really eat it this time . jack Scott ... do not it hurt to walk around like that with you head up you ass ... I mean be not it painful ? his eye glance down to the picture , especially the photo of the child . something begin to click . ext . norfolk , VA - day super : norfolk , virginia ext . t-ball field - norfolk , VA - day almost nothing be as cute as 3 foot 5 inch 6 - year- old struggle to play the most elementary form of baseball , T - ball . angle on - 6 - year -old joey ramirez he be the first baseman and he be intent upon the batter who stand at the T . angle on - the parent cheer they kid on . amongst they we recognize maura , annibal ramirez 's wife , who be cheer for she son 's team . she hold a ten month old baby as she cheer . new angle on annibal ramirez , resplendent in he summer white , he face still show the faintest remnant of bruise at the hand of the Israelis . he hold he sea bag in he hand . there be a wait taxi behind he as he stride over towards the baseball diamond . angle on - joey he see he father just as the batter hit the ball . joey poppi! the pitcher scoops the grounder up and toss it to joey whose eye however have light up at the sight of he sailor father home from the sea so the ball hit he in the side of the head and he go down . ramirez want to rush out to he son , but joey straighten himself up quickly , not want to be embarrassed by a over- protective parent . angle on - maura and ramirez maura have follow she son 's gaze at ramirez and feel no embarrassment whatsoever as she run into he arm , still hold she baby . she kiss he . maura I think you be not come back till tomorrow ... ramirez I want to be here for he game . look how beautiful she be ! he pick up the baby and kiss she . ramirez just like she mother . maura what happen to you eye ? ramirez nothing . just fall . it do not matter . I be home . ext . ramirez' house - norfolk - a month later - day it 's a stucco , single - level structure in a clean , middle income neighborhood . Jack Shaw pull up , cross out of he car and knock on the door . the door open revealing ramirez in a T-shirt and pair of sweat . Jack look at he face , the unmistakable face of carlos . ramirez joey watch yolanda ... okay ? jack Jesus ... ramirez I beg you pardon ? jack Lieutenant Commander ramirez my name be Jack Shaw ... I be with the government ... I would like to talk to you about what happen in Israel . CUT to : ext . ramirez house - backyard - norfolk - day angle - close on the barbeque 's coal which burst into flame as fluid and then match be apply . over this we hear ramirez I want to sue they , okay ? I want to sue the guy who break my rib . I want to sue they government and they mossad ... and I want to sue golda meir ! new angle - on jack and ramirez they stand at the barbeque as joey play shoot hoop . ramirez hold yolanda . ramirez and Jack speak quietly . jack Mrs. meir be dead , Lieutenant Commander . ramirez then you might want to have they dig she up because I intend to sue she . Jack chuckle . jack Commander ramirez when I say I be from the government , perhaps I should have be more specific . I be from the CIA . Jack reach down , open he briefcase and pull out a large photo album-like briefing book . he open it up and hand it to ramirez . on the first page there be a 8×10 enlargement of a photo of carlos enter a building . it be grainy but it certainly look exactly like ramirez . jack do the man in that picture look familiar ? ramirez look at the picture with the same look on he face that Jack have when he see ramirez for the first time . yolanda poppi ... ramirez that 's not I ... I mean I know it look like I ... but ... jack I know it 's not you . ramirez it 's ... this carlos guy . just then , joey yell from the tree he 's in . Jack automatically hide the picture as if the kid be from a rival intelligence agency . joey poppi , you do not need to watch the fire , come climb with I . ramirez get out of that tree , joey . you mother see that and I be dead . now when Jack speak it be more guard and in even quieter tone . jack this be the only recent shot we have of he ... telescopic lens from half a mile away take by the Israelis . can you blame them for what happen ? the only difference be the eye . ramirez look at the picture in shock at the resemblance . ramirez okay I get it now , you be here to talk I out of my lawsuit . but see I identify myself but they keep I in that cell for two more day chain to that wall after I tell them who I be so ... jack Lieutenant Commander , I be not here about you lawsuit . carlos be the single most vicious terrorist in the world . he 's personally carry out or mastermind the worst terrorist attack in modern history . Men , woman , child . Children like yours ... blow to bit or slaughter in cold blood . annibal ... why do you join the navy ? ramirez ( as if by rote ) to serve my country . jack to serve you country ... to protect she from she enemy . well carlos be one of she enemy now . and he will probably become a bigger one ... terrorism ... unfortunately be a growth industry . ramirez why be you tell I all this ? jack Lieutenant Commander , the government of most country in the free world have be after carlos for ten year and we have nothing to show for it . there be exactly one person in the world who can help we get carlos . and that person be you . ramirez what do you mean ... to get he ? jack all I can tell you be it may take as much as six month to a year of preparation . it will involve a high degree of risk . that much say , you may never as much as lay eye on he yourself . but if we succeed carlos will not be a threat to anyone anymore . now I know you be go to need some time to think about it so ... ramirez no I do not need any time . the answer 's no . jack annibal ... ramirez Lieutenant Commander ... I be a Naval Officer ... that 's what I be train for ... that 's what I be good at ... see you come to the wrong address . you want James bond . he life in London and he 's get a aston Martin . you can not miss he . we hold on ramirez 's look and Jack 's half -smile . int . officer ' club - naval base - norfolk - evening the officer ' Club be deck out for a reception for admiral crawford . all the officer be in dress white and all the wife wear white glove and cocktail dress as a navy string quartet play softly in b.g . there be a reception line and the Admiral stand with he aide who introduce each of the guest who pass through the line . naval aide Admiral Crawford this be Commander and Mrs. Ward scowcroft . crawford I know you family well , Commander , I be with you father at the Academy . I expect great thing from you Ward ... great thing . scowcroft I will not let you down sir . next up be ramirez and he wife maura . naval aide Admiral Crawford this be Lieutenant Commander and Mrs. annibal ramirez . crawford annabelle ?! ramirez ( smile ) it 's annibal sir . crawford yes ... of course ... well ... I be glad to see we be get some mexican american officer in the rank . I be a L.A. boy myself so I have a real soft spot for authentic mexican food ... my stomach do not always go along with it but ... maura we would love to have you over to dinner Admiral but the cuisine would be Cuban not mexican . I think you stomach would find it more agreeable ... not to mention you taste bud . crawford you be Cuban Americans ... oh I be sorry ... you grow up in L.A. and you hear ramirez and ... anyway it be a pleasure meeting you . he look uncomfortably over to he aide who gently keep the line move . camera follows annibal and maura down the reception line . there in front of they be Jack in a white linen suit . jack we do keep bump into each other do not we . how do you do , Mrs. ramirez ? I be over at you lovely home the other day but I feel cheat because I have to leave before I have the pleasure of meeting you . maura the pleasure be mine ... jack para servirle , yo soy encantado de conocerte . maura encantada senor ... jack Shaw ... Jack Shaw . maura senor Shaw . mucho gusto . ramirez my wife speak English mister Shaw ... so do I . jack perdonname , I do not think you would be embarrassed to speak Spanish in front of the Admiral . a sus ordene . angle on the bar - ramirez stand at the bar . ramirez ( to bartender ) I will have a club soda and ... uhh ... a glass of white wine please ... Jack step up behind he . Jack hold a small wrap package . jack let I guess the white wine be for you wife right ? Cause you be afraid to drink anything stronger than club soda around the brass . how do you stand this shit annibal ? I mean they be all so fuckin ' constipate . ramirez my wife be wait for she wine ... if you will excuse I . Jack stand in front of he block he way . jack oh there 's a fiery retort . ramirez ( under he breath ) how about fuck you . jack I would believe it if you say it a little louder ... ramirez control he anger which be start to show through in the bulg vein . jack look at this guy . you do not belong with they . you belong with I . what do darth vader say to luke ? come over to the dark side ? you have no idea of the power we have . ramirez hey ... I tell you I do not want anything to do with you . jack how 's it go to look in you jacket ? you country come to you request help and you turn it down . not exactly promotion material , know what I mean ? this people do not want you in they club , annibal . I do . ramirez the answer be no . that 's the end of it . ext . ramirez house - day we open on a shot of the front door . the doorbell be rung and the door open after a beat , revealing ramirez . we do not yet see who be at the door . ramirez oh Jesus ... what do you want ? new angle revealing it be Jack who be at the door . jack I want you to come with I . ramirez well then get set for disappointment . jack okay . then you be order to come with I . ramirez you can not order I to do shit . just then the cellular phone which Jack hold ring . Jack smile and hold out the phone to ramirez . jack it 's for you . ramirez take the phone , totally fake out . he press the " send " button and gingerly say ... ramirez ( into cell phone ) hello ... who ? oh ... yes sir ... yes sir ... yes sir ... yes sir . I will ... yes sir . we hold for a beat on ramirez 's look at Jack who stand there unable to keep from smile . CUT to : ext . bethesda naval hospital - day a helicopter land in its air ambulance spot outside the emergency room entrance of Bethesda Naval Hospital . out step ramirez and Jack . they cross over to the hospital entrance . we see a sign on the wall identify this as bethesda naval hospital - emergency room entrance . int . bethesda naval hospital - doctor' lounge - day Jack be there with ramirez . he hand ramirez a white lab coat and put one on himself . ramirez 's coat have a tag he do not even notice , which say : dr . ramirez on it . ramirez what 's this ? jack put it on . ramirez why ? jack because I just tell you to . you need a phone call for that , too ? ramirez resignedly put the coat on . int . bethesda naval hospital - corridor - day Jack and ramirez walk down the corridor . jack the boy be fly here from Germany . his parent be U.S. military personnel . navy family . a bomb be plant in a grocery store that be frequent mainly by U.S. military dependent . they believe it be carlos or one of the cell he run . how old be you kid ? this last be ask almost as a afterthought . ramirez ( quietly ) he 's six . jack hmmph ... so be this kid . int . intensive care - hospital - day in the hospital bed be a six - year - old swathed in bandage . the child be pitiful with ivs stick in he and tube run underneath the bandage , and a heart monitor beep weakly above he . his parent sit next to he bed . the father wear the khaki uniform of a Naval Lieutenant . new angle on Jack and ramirez . they watch this scene through the little window in the door and then they enter the room . back to scene the parent turn to they as they enter . the parent wear the look all parent wear in they child 's hospital room at the signt of the doctor who may be able to save they child 's life . a look of hope . a look of desperation . father hello Doctor Shaw . be this ... be this the specialist you tell we about ? jack Doctor ramirez , Lieutenant and Mrs. newcomb ... the parent of the child who be wounded in the terrorist attack . ramirez 's eye dart in panic from Jack to the newcombs . they stick out they hand . finally , he offer he . father you be the one who 's go to do the surgery . jack he 's go to help out . father they tell we you be the best person in the world to do this . jack he 's the only one . Jack turn to ramirez . jack here 's the boy 's chart , Doctor . as you can see , one kidney be destroy by the shrapnel . there 's a large perforation in the leave lung , the spleen , the large intestine , the stomach lining be all tear . there be over a hundred individual shrapnel fragment . it be obviously design by carlos to maim , not to kill . hold on ramirez 's look of helplessness which turn to anger . int . hospital corridor - day ramirez and Jack walk down the corridor . ramirez be tear off the lab coat . ramirez what kind of a sadistic son of a bitch be you ? you use that poor people ... you use anything to get what you want . Jack reach into the large pocket of he lab coat and pull out a small photo album , the kind family use to put in the 3 '' 5 photo of they vacation . he put it into ramirez 's hand . jack to get what I want ? he hand he the photo album . jack this be picture of just some of carlos ' victim . most of they be child . we have not have time to get that kid 's picture in yet . up until I hear about you , all we could do about carlos be take picture of he victim . I be not lie to that people . you be the only one who can do anything about carlos . I be not the bad guy , annibal . carlos be . I be just try to make you see the choice . ramirez be still too angry to speak . jack who be you angry at ? I for bring you down here or carlos for blow up that kid ? which of we deserve you anger ? int . ramirez house - study - night ramirez sit at he desk look at the presentation book Jack give he . the study be a reflection of the man , navy pennant , photo , ship in bottle , family photograph . he be very much at home in this sanctuary . intercut photo of victim . bloodie child , woman , man , each atrocity label with the place of the attack and number of dead and wounded . just then there be a knock at the door . ramirez close the book and cover it with a newspaper as he wife maura enter wear a very sexy teddy with a short robe over it , give off the promise of a wonderful night of conjugal bliss . maura what be you do ? ramirez I be just read some ... manual ... she bend down and kiss he neck . maura read them on the navy 's time ... this be my time ... she sit into he lap , they kiss and the robe slip down off she shoulder . he kiss she more passionately now . int . child be room - ramirez house - night ramirez enter . he be wear a robe , have just get up out of bed . it be perhaps , one in the morning . joey be asleep , hold a stuff animal . the baby be asleep in she crib look like a little angel . ramirez pull the cover up on the baby and pat she gently so as not to wake she and then bend down and kiss he son . ext . new london , connecticut - submarine base - day we super the word : " november , 1986 " ramirez pull up in a car with he wife and two child . he be wear he khaki uniform and carry a sea bag . he embrace maura . ramirez you will see ... it will go by fast . maura not fast enough . ramirez bend down to hug joey . ramirez you take care of mommy , okay ? joey but why do you have to go ? ramirez well they be finally give I my chance to go into sub ... that 's what I have always want you know ... joey New color sub ... ramirez nuclear ... joey be there go to be a war , poppi ? ramirez not if I can help it . joey then why do you need to go away ? ramirez because sometimes country need soldier and sailor to be on guard so there will not be a war ... so all the little child like you and baby yolanda will be safe . joey why can not somebody else 's daddy go on the sub and you could stay here and go to my game ? ramirez because I be the one they ask and I be the one who know how to do the job . he kiss joey , stand up and kiss maura and the baby she hold and walk past the guard gate , show he id as he wife and child wave . ext . aerial shot - montreal , CANADA - day montreal be a island in the middle of the St. lawrence . it be a city part way up a mountain , mount Royale . we track a car as it drive up out of the city , up the mountain to of all place , a cemetery which sit at the foot of a desert prison that loom above it . the cemetery like the prison be desert . there can be no more desolate place than a graveyard full of long - dead prisoner whose prison have long since be shut down . we super the following word : temporary CIA safe house - montreal , CANADA ext . road leading to cemetery - day we see Jack 's car with he and ramirez in it drive into the cemetery . as it do , it cross in front of a video camera inconspicuously place in a tree . CUT to : ext . cemetery to abandoned prison - montreal - day a camera mount atop a light fixture pan with Jack 's car all the way up to the prison entrance . Signs on the prison proclaim that it be close and that trespasp be forbidden . as Jack pull up at the prison , a plaincloth operative come out and as ramirez and Jack pull ramirez 's bag out of the car , the operative slip into the driver 's side and whisk it away . the ground around the area be full of snow that have not be plow so the look of desertion be complete . int . observation room - montreal - day there be a observation tower in the middle of the room which have become home to the pigeon who now flap noisily out of it as Jack cross with ramirez . the place have the look of a impromptu military encampment in a bomb out wreck of a building . in the observation room be several nondescript type . Jack show ramirez in . jack this be a ad hoc operation set up specifically for you mission . when that 's over , not even a trace of it will remain . you do not need to know anyone 's name . and from now on , you name be miguel ... Security . ramirez so you name really be not Jack Shaw ? jack ( smile ) of course it be . int . corridor - off observation room - day Jack walk ramirez down the corridor . they pass the surveillance room , the small cell with its satellite dish and single computer terminal and operator establish earlier as technician # 1 . from here , cable snake they way along everywhere . the place have the look of a mobile high - tech spy station that just happen to be set up in a former prison . ramirez look around . the idea of be in a prison be obviously uncomfortable for he . jack you mother be irish ... irish american . ramirez yes . jack something wrong , miguel ? ramirez ... no ... not really . jack you father be in a Cuban prison if I be correct . ramirez turn and look at he in surprise . jack you mother use to take you to visit he there , do not she ? ramirez ( quietly ) yes . jack I be sure that 's a disturbing memory . he look ramirez straight in the eye . ramirez you do not set this up in a prison because it be the first piece of real estate you be show , do you , sir ? jack let 's just say everything have its purpose . and miguel ... no one be to know anything about you other than that you be we student . so do not call I sir , because it 's like wear a sign on you forehead that you be military . from here on out forget the navy . ramirez yes sir ... gotcha ... int . command room - abandoned prison - day Jack and ramirez walk along until they come to a site which could as easily be in a space station on the dark side of the moon . there in the middle of a huge room loom a plastic enshroud satellite tracking system . the plastic hang down from the roof encapsulate this area to protect all of the state of the art computer equipment from the dust . Inside this plastic shroud space we see technician at monitor which display every approach to the prison as well as monitor which display the surveillance image transmit back via satellite . jack this be we surveillance and satellite tracking center . just as we be plotting to destroy carlos , if he know what we be try to do , I assure you he would try to find a way to kill we first . int . plastic cover command CENTER - abandoned prison - day Jack push through the plastic shroud into a command center - like room . he and ramirez enter . this place be high - tech , computer and neon lighting . jack carlos have two main safe house . one in Libya , one in East Germany . we have satellite that pass over each one three time a day . unfortunately , the Russians know exactly when we satellite be in position so we have to assume that carlos know as well . they cross over to the satellite tracking monitor which display both the libyan and East german safe house . sitting in front of one of the monitor be amo , type control into the satellite tracking system . jack there 's one person I want you to meet , though I think the two of you have already be introduce . amo now turn and come around to ramirez . amos hello miguel ... my name be amo . ramirez stare at he . ramirez oh yeah ... I do not recognize you without my foot chain to the floor . amos I hope there be no hard feeling . ramirez there be a lot of hard feeling . and I be still gonna sue you when this be over . jack miguel , this be a combine israeli - american operation . amo here know carlos better than anyone in the free world . he be the one who take that picture of carlos in Libya . ramirez if you could get a picture of he why do not you just kill he ? amos do not let all this equipment fool you . carlos still have the home court advantage . he have the best protection in the world ... three layer at least at all time . next and maybe most important ... carlos himself . the french dst come to arrest he once . he be at he apartment , drunk , play he guitar . he actually have they convinced it be all a mistake . then he go into he bathroom , take a shave mind you so he would look he best for the interrogation and when he come out manage to shoot each of they through the forehead . then he get the informer who have betrayed he , put he down on he knee and kill he ... think of it . he take a shave and do not even nick himself once . amo be quiet , let that sink in . amos finally , there be political reality . whoever hit carlos have to realize that he will unleash against himself a fanatical wave of terrorist activity in retribution . jack that by the way , be the last question you be go to ask . from now on you will get information when and how we want you to get it . not before . you do not ask question , you just do what you be tell . ext . cemetery - montreal - sunset amo , Jack and ramirez walk amongst the tombstone . Jack and amo have warm coat . ramirez do not . he shiver in the cold , but try not to show he discomfort . amos this be go to be unlike any learn experience you have ever have before . for one thing , we be go to push to all you limit . fatigue , frustration and fear . we be go to make you more terrify than you have ever be in you life just to see how you handle the fear . any other learn experience you get thing ninety - nine point nine nine nine percent right you get a " a . " here if you get thing ninety - nine point nine nine nine percent right ... you get ... Jack walk right up to ramirez and mime a gun with he thumb and index finger and put it right up to ramirez 's temple and go ... jack Dead ! and I will tell you the truth . I honestly in my heart of heart do not care whether you live or die . do not take that personal . I do not care whether I live or die . I do care about get carlos . that 's all I care about . ramirez but nothing personal , right ? amos I be not as cold - blooded as my american friend ... it would bother I very much if you be dead ... so we will teach you to stay alive ... but no question ... just do . otherwise ... he put the imaginary gun to ramirez 's temple . ramirez when do we start ? jack you already have . what be the name on the last three tombstone you pass on you right ? ramirez I ... I do not know , I be not look . I be not pay attention . jack that 's what will get you kill . carlos be always look ... always pay attention . always . amos because carlos be the master of the technique of survival which we will teach you and because he be a efficient killer for whoever employ he , then for he there be simply no rule . unlike you miguel , you be a rule follower , be not you ? ramirez say nothing . amos carlos be the opposite of that and that 's what 's so seductive , you know ? he can kill whomever he choose ... ravish whoever he choose ... take whatever he choose . do ... whatever he choose . it be to be in many way a superman , not bound by the more or moral of humanity . jack and if you learn what we can teach you , you will be one , too . if not , you will be dead . int . abandoned prison - cafeteria - the next morning it be a huge , empty room . ramirez sit at the lone table as amo enter . ramirez be eat a bowl of porridge . his breath steam out in the cold . the room be freezing but instead of a warm jacket , he wear light prison overall . amos good morning . how 's the porridge , you like it ? ramirez ' Morning . it 's not bad . he finish what 's leave in the bowl . amo reach over to a side warming table . there be a huge pot of porridge there . amos good ... finish everything in the pot . ramirez there 's get to be like ... eight helping in there maybe ... amos no question ... just do . from now on , unless otherwise indicate ramirez be in the too-tight shirt and tie and light jacket . Jack be in the distance , observe . int . observation room - abandoned prison - day ramirez be do furious situp , hang off the balcony of one of the tier , with he foot link under one of the bar so that as he do he sit - up it be over a abyss . amo stand in front of ramirez , puffing on a cigar as he speak , so that ramirez be gulp in breath of cigar smoke as he exercise . amos name and place of birth ! ramirez illich ramirez . Caracas , Venezuela . amos you father ? ramirez Doctor Jose altagracia ramirez ... do you have to smoke that cigar ? amos yes . there be a silence between they . this be obviously the end of that subject . then amo go on . amos carlos ' father abandon he and he mother because he want to be a playboy . you father abandon you in effect , when he be send to prison . either way , it 's a lonely child miss he father . I want you to take what you know of you real father and superimpose it onto this the image of carlos ' father , so when you talk of one you be talk of the other with the same emotion ... the same love , the same resentment ... the same sadness , the same anger . CUT to : ext . cemetery - montreal - day as Jack and ramirez walk toward the cemetery , we see ramirez who wear a lightweight white parka so that he shiver in the cold in contrast to Jack 's heavy winter gear . ramirez carry what appear to be a gun . jack you need to not only remember the name on every tombstone , but where they be so when I call out a name , you whirl and shoot . they walk into a scene that be completely surreal . stand behind every tombstone be one of the crew of trainer . each man wear a white parka and white pants against the freezing cold . in the center of they impromptu circle stand ramirez , also wear white , but of much lighter material so that he shiver in the cold . all of they include ramirez hold paint pellet gun . it be a cemetery full of live target which can shoot back . Jack stand outside the circle . ramirez it 's kind of cold . you think I might be able to borrow a warmer jacket from someone ? jack brisson ! we do not want you to be comfortable . that 's just what will get you kill . ramirez hesitates a moment , try to remember where the tombstone with the name " brisson " be . the trainer who stand behind the " brisson " tombstone have no such hesitation . he fire at ramirez and a ugly black splotch of paint explode on ramirez 's white suit . ramirez shake he head in frustration . jack dupre ! paquet ! ramirez whirl , miss one , be hit again with another black splotch but hit the paquet tombstone square in the chest with a black splotch of he own . int . kitchen set - prison - day in the middle of a huge room , a movie set have be erect . there be flat support by sand bag which form the " set " of a kitchen . the set be perfect in every way but its position inside of a huge prison hall lend a quality of the macabre , since no movie be be shot here and no audience will ever see this performance . Jack be there with ramirez . he open the refrigerator and ramirez look inside as Jack time he on he watch , then close the refrigerator . ramirez sneeze . he have catch a cold but must ignore it . ramirez top shelf ... some milk , some juice , maybe some cottage cheese , a couple bottle of beer , some tomato ... I do not know ... jack what kind of milk , how many carton , open or close , what kind of juice , how full be the bottle , be it cottage cheese or cream cheese , how many bottle of beer , how many tomato ? this be life and death ! Jack open the cupboard . jack look here ... ten second , how many cup , saucer , plate , look this time ! int . cafeteria - abandoned prison - montreal - day ramirez sit practice he venezuelan accent in English , repeat phrase he hear from a native speaker on a tape recorder as he eat another of the interminable bowl of porridge . ext . cemetery - montreal - day ramirez once again stand in the center in he lightweight white parka surround by trainer in heavy white parkas . Jack be nearby . jack here 's the thing about carlos . he do not fit any mold . his father be a extraordinarily wealthy playboy who 's a marxist at the same time ... dufraisne ! ramirez whirl and miss and be hit by the trainer . Jack shake he head and continue . jack the guy 's such a fanatic he name he three son after lenin . and I do not mean John . the same thing be true for carlos . he 's a guerilla fighter who love champagne and caviar ... lapierre ! ramirez whirl and hit the trainer in he shoulder at the same time that he himself be hit . Jack 's look betray no emotion . jack he do not want to be che guevara , he want to be the James bond of the people 's Liberation Front . it 's not so much radical chic as a excuse for sadism . paquet ! as he say this last , ramirez whirl and shoot another trainer , dead in the chest . ramirez smile . he be beginning to enjoy play terrorist . ext . dirt road - day we be speed down the road in a supe - up open Jeep Pov ramirez , who be drive . suddenly , we see Jack and amo up ahead . amo pull a lever and a barrier snap up at chest level across the road . we jam on the brake and CUT to : int . jeep - day ramirez be at the wheel . suddenly he see the barrier plate a hundred yard in front . he hit the brake and the emergency brake at the same time . new angle the tire scream and leave black track , as the Jeep slide sideways towards the barrier . just before reach it , the car complete a 180 - degree turn and roar back , but at the last second fishtail and swerve off the road . angle on - ramirez he be obviously frustrated . angle on - jack he shake he head in disgust . jack Dead again . ext . belvedere - day ramirez and Jack walk together on the belvedere which be a observation area with a railing around it , overlook the abandon prison . in between the belvedere and the prison be a field which be almost completely barren except for one tree . it sit down below . in the distance , we see a snow mobile approach with its light on . just then , Jack take a pocket size remote transmitter and slip it into the front pocket of ramirez 's jacket , turn it on as he do . ramirez what 's that ? jack it 's a transmitter . ramirez for what ? jack target practice . you be the target . Jack quickly move away from ramirez . as ramirez move , he notice that the snow mobile change direction as well , and continue to home in on he . and then there be a second snow mobile . and then a third , all of they come straight for he . he start to run . the snow mobile turn and continue bear down on he , drive he closer toward the railing . we see the snow mobile be control by radio antennas , evidently home in on he transmitter . Jack , who have move quite a way off , pull out a beretta and set it on the rail . we see on the snow mobile , a light - up remote device . jack if you shoot out the receiver , they will stop . there be ten round in this clip . the first two be live , the next three dummy , then three live , two dummy . ramirez stand like a deer in the headlight for a instant and then go run for the gun . he can not make it to the gun before the first snow mobile barrel down upon he . he be right against the rail now and go diving into the snow . the snow mobile go directly over he and crash through the rail , fall down to the field below . ramirez be up and run , grab the gun , fire two round and miss , then hit three dummy round which click away as the second snow mobile draw closer . then he fire and hit a headlight , then fire and miss , then fire and hit the remote device . that snow mobile stop in its track . the third now barrel down on ramirez . he click off two dummy round and just before the snow mobile hit he , a shot ring out . the receiver shatter and we see Jack stand with the smoking gun with which he have just save ramirez 's life . jack Three time dead . int . cafeteria - abandoned prison - day it be after lunch and Jack and amo be eat ice cream sundae while ramirez sit eat the last bit of porridge from the huge bowl . amos you finish all you porridge ? ramirez ( deadly ) yeah ... yeah ... I finish all my porridge . amos good now you can have some more . he motion for the waiter who cross with a fresh pot and start to ladle it out into ramirez 's bowl . ramirez reach up and tear at he tie and rip open the top button . ramirez explode bat the waiter 's hand away and send the bowl fly . ramirez enough of this porridge shit man , hi jo deputa ! fuck it man ... I be not eatin ' no more of this shit ! and I be not wearin ' this fuckin ' shirt anymore either ! with that he rip off the tie and rip open the shirt . amos why miguel amigo , whatever be the matter ? ramirez I will tell you what the matter be man ... I be here twelve mother fuckin ' week a ' all I have have to eat the whole time be this shit ! and that dumb ass basketball game ... what 's that ?! you damn near kill I with that fuck snowmobile ... I have not see my family in three month and I still do not know what any plan be or what I be suppose to be do ! amos congratulation ! you be act like a child ... like a spoiled brat ... jack and not a navy Lieutenant Commander , which be exactly what would get you kill . amos finally you be act like a willful spoiled child which be just what carlos be . jack we could not just let you study carlos . if this thing be go to work , you have to become he . ramirez look at he in disgust . ramirez the two most elite intelligence service in the world and the best you can come up with be this porridge bullshit ?! amos as a child carlos be feed that porridge that you love so much every day . he hate it . every woman or man he 's ever be close to he tell about that porridge ... how the very smell of it make he sick . and now it make you sick . jack when he be in school he be a scrawny little kid . the last one to get pick for any team . he feel as clumsy as we have make you feel ... amos his father smoke cigar ... the same one whose smell you complain about . the only cover that can save you life ... be the one you believe yourself . now ... be you ready to pass the next test ? ramirez just look at they , in a kind of shock . amos I will take that for a yes . you be about to go into you house . you wife have tell you she be away with the child for a week . she be enter the house for the first time in a week with you . the child be still at grandma 's so the two of you have a nice romantic time ahead of you . walk through the house ... through the live room and the kitchen only . you have thirty second . walk casually through the house so as not to make she suspicious of anything you do and find out if she 's tell you the truth or not . if you pass this test you question will be answer . if not ... you will be send home to Virginia and this will be the end of it . int . abandoned prison - live room set - montreal - day ramirez walk casually through the live room with camera follow . amo and Jack walk behind he . ramirez bend down to tie he shoe near the sofa . he cross into the kitchen and camera follow . he open the refrigerator and take out a carton of milk . he take a drink from the carton and dribble some onto he shirt and onto the floor . he get a " I be such a slob " look on he face . then he replace the milk , cross to the sink , take the sponge off the sink and a paper towel . he mop up the spill with the sponge first and then with the paper towel , then toss the paper towel into the trash . as he speak , ramirez himself will be amaze at how much he be able to deduce use the technique he 's be teach . jack ( look at watch ) time 's up . amos nu ? be she tell the truth or lie ? ramirez she 's get to be lie , otherwise this would be a very short test and I do not think that 's what you have in mind . she have a man over . jack how do you know ? ramirez she have not be here in a week ? then why be the sponge still damp . it mean she wash dish . take a look at the dish rack . there 's water in the tray underneath it . probably from a couple of plate . there 's a bit of water in the silverware tray . the milk be still fresh ... not even a hint of be sour and the date on it be a week from today ... mean she just buy it yesterday or the day before . the margarine 's fresh - buy but it 's already be open . same with the bread . amos how do you know it be a man ? ramirez ( ignore he a beat ) she might have meet he at a bar because there 's a book of match in the garbage . she be probably careful to throw the cigarette away but there 's still a bit of ash and that cigarette smell at the bottom of the liner . jack what else ? ramirez I think they make love on the sofa because one of the cushion have be turn over and there 's the indentation of a tennis shoe print in the rug over there . he look down at Jack 's shoe . ramirez sorta like the one you be wear , Jack . besides , I know it be a man because I smell after- shave on the couch . he get a quizzical look , cross to the couch , sniff . ramirez ... cheap kind . he cross to Jack and sniff Jack as well . ramirez Jack ... you have be fuck my wife . he hold index finger and thumb up to Jack 's head like a gun , reprising he mentor 's gesture to he and make the sound of a gunshot with he mouth . ramirez now who 's dead ? CUT to : ext . cemetery - day we have four quick cut . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! in each one , ramirez who stand in the center of the trainer , whirl like a ballet dancer and beat each trainer to the punch , hit dead center on each one with he paint pellet gun . from the side , amo and Jack nod to each other approvingly . ext . cemetery - day a triumphant ramirez walk with amo and Jack . jack the plan be to get the kgb to eliminate carlos for we . carlos know every link between the kgb and every terrorist organization in the world . he 's not only the smoking gun , he know every contact there ever be . we make the kgb think that carlos be ready to turn ... ready to go over to the CIA , and they will take he out . ramirez why would they think carlos would go over to the CIA ? amos money ... fifty million ... not for the force of world revolution this time , but for he , in he pocket with a new identity and CIA protection . they will believe it ... if we lay it out right ... they will believe it . ramirez when do we move ? amos not so fast . you be far from ready . I would think another three month of training and then ... ramirez bullshit ! I be ready now . give I any test you want . Christ , I already pass you test ... what more do you want ? ext . abandoned prison - sunset the sun be just set . there be the silhouette of the prison in the snow . a kind of dark serenity permeate the scene . int . cafeteria - abandoned prison - sunset ramirez sit at the table in the huge , dark and empty room . the table be set with champagne and caviar . he have he Arabic book and tape and earphone . ramirez ( study to himself in Arabic ) shoo ismak ? isme ... carlos . isme carlos . int . new monitoring room - abandoned prison - evening we be in a new set . it be a kind of dungeon , perhaps once a solitary confinement cell . it be crowded here now with Jack , amo , and technician # 1 who sit in front of a new bank of monitor . on one we see ramirez eat in the cafeteria . amos it should be hit he now ... angle on monitor we push in on ramirez on the monitor . int . cafeteria - abandoned prison - evening ramirez sit as before . he be eat he caviar as he look at he Arabic textbook . angle on - the textbook it show a picture of a street in a arab country , possibly Libya . it be a typical street scene ; a dispassionately sterile photograph in which one can almost hear the BBC announcer voice in you head say , " and here be a typical scene in lovely tripoli ... " there be a man in a business suit walk on the sidewalk in this picture . we CUT back and forth between ramirez and then as ramirez strain to look harder , unbelievingly , we push in tighter on the picture from he Pov and to we amazement , the man in the picture look back up at we be ramirez ! then suddenly the man in the picture move and he finger come up to he lip and he look at we and say , " shhhhh . " just then , a street vendor in the same scene pull out a gun and shoot ramirez in the picture in the head . ramirez fall and the picture go back to a still shot of ramirez lie face down in the black and white photo , ooze black blood onto the white sidewalk of beautiful downtown tripoli . he look out the window at the bluish sky as we shift focus between he and he background . he look down at the bowl of porridge . angle on - the caviar it be crawl with ant . back to scene ramirez pick up the bowl and throw it across the room . ramirez Jack ! Jack !!!! amo !! you motherfucker ! he get up , look at the tv camera and walk down the corridor to the observation room . int . corridor - abandoned prison - montreal - evening ramirez walk down the corridor past the surveillance room . the satellite dish be still there but there be no technician to be see . he follow the cable that snake down the corridor towards the command room . int . command room - morning ramirez walk along the cable until he come to the plastic - enshroud satellite tracking system . he pull one of the plastic panel to discover that the place be totally empty . he bend down and pick up the cable as if it be a lifeline on a strip at stormy sea . he follow it hand over hand to where all the equipment be -- it 's go . he look around and through the plastic , start to see the silhouettes of people move and talk . abruptly , he pull the panel aside -- just some pigeon against the moonlight shaft . int . observation room - evening ramirez enter the observation room with its loom observation tower that now have become home to the hundred of pigeon inside it . the place be completely desert . ramirez Jack !! at the sound of he shout , hundred of pigeon explode out of the observation tower like bat in a primal cave . ramirez instinctively crouch in terror . ramirez amo you piece of shit ! Wen anta ? coos echtak ya sharmuta ! angle on Pov ramirez . it be blurry and then there be brilliant flash that cut across we eye , slice across we vision , blind we . back to scene ramirez know they have doped he . ramirez so she try the first bowl of caviar and say , that 's too hot , and she try the second bowl and say , that 's too cold and so she try the third little itsy bitsy bowl of caviar that belong to little miguel and that turn into maggot and that be just right ... int . corridor - abandoned prison - night ramirez run down the corridor . there be cell on either side of he now . they be empty . he be try to hold onto he sanity . new angle - Pov ramirez the cell be now full and each of the cell contain ... he ! he be try to get out of all of they . angle on - cell # 1 ramirez be in carlos ' black jeans and T-shirt . angle on - cell # 2 ramirez be in he dress white navy uniform . angle on - cell # 3 ramirez be dress as a doctor , operate on a patient with Jack assist he . ramirez pull a brain out of the patient 's head . ramirez here 's the problem , Doctor . he need a new brain . he toss the brain to Jack who catch it . jack brilliant , Doctor ! Jack eat the brain . jack and tasty , too ! angle on - ramirez as he walk down the corridor . int . corridor - day angle on - ramirez' hand it morph from he own hand to that of a child and the child 's hand give birth to a woman 's hand who morph 's up alongside of he . it be ramirez 's mother . new angle child ramirez and he mother walk down the corridor behind two Cuban prison guard . the cell be full of Cuban political prisoner . there be shout and scream of agony from man be torture somewhere far off . they reach ramirez 's father 's cell . child ramirez reach out for he father 's hand . a guard push he hand away . ramirez' father speak in Spanish . ramirez' father vaya mis hijo . vaya rapido ! int . corridor - abandoned prison - night angle on - pigeon they come flap they wing , dive bombing at we . new angle - ramirez he walk in he black jeans and T-shirt . the cell be empty around he but up ahead he hear the sound of someone make love . well , not make love ... fuck . he approach the sound and there in one cell be be wife maura under carlos , humping away at she . carlos look up at ramirez . angle on carlo in cell humping maura . carlo ( look at ramirez ) I think she like I better ... do not you baby . she like it rough ... you never know that ? yala ... ruh mis hun . he motion for ramirez to leave . angle on - ramirez he be about to rush the cell when more pigeon come flap down at he . he turn and ... int . corridor - abandoned prison - night - sfx new angle the pigeon become a dove glide in a shaft of moonlight . then it leave the moonlight and it turn into a crow . new angle the crow turn back into a dove and then suddenly the dove begin to choke , to vomit . it open its beak and out of its mouth emerge the wet , slimy head of a full grow ravenous crow . it be come straight out of the dove 's mouth and straight at we , to devour we . we hear ramirez scream over this . int . abandoned prison - corridor entrance - morning Jack and amo walk down the corridor . they both look as if they have be up all night , which indeed they have . both be in need of a shower and shave . amos I hope we do not go too far with this . jack I would rather have he wind up in a mental institution fuck up on lsd than shot in some back alley in Libya . if he can not handle this , he sure as shit can not handle go operational . they round the corner . there , look up at they , sit in a chair , shower , shave , look fresh and ready to greet the day be ramirez . he be read he Arabic book . he look up at they . ramirez okay ... what 's next ? int . kgb headquarters - corridor - moscow - night we begin on a shot of a huge statue of lenin which dominate this corridor . as camera swing around we see a head kgb officer with he kgb aide . over this shot we super : kgb central command - moscow the head kgb officer hold a report . he read aloud in Russian and we super english subtitles . from now on , all dialogue in Russian will be indicate by put the dialogue in parentheses . the kgb Officer be very smug about the report . head kgb officer ( glance up from report ) [ we be just get information from we resident in Zurich that the CIA head of station there have deposit letter of credit in the amount of fifty million dollar into the account of a mister Paulo ortega ... it would appear the Americans be dangle a very impressive bait for what I can only assume be a very juicy fish . I want to know who this Paulo ortega be and what he 's go to give the CIA that be worth so very much money . and then we will see what we can do about that . ] he smile with a great deal of self - satisfaction . ext . country road - magic hour - aerial shot ramirez race down the road in the Jeep . the road twist and turn as a light snow begin to fall . int . jeep - night ramirez drive and we see that he have a earpiece which go to a walkman tape recorder . we hear the instruction be feed to he on the tape in Jack 's voice : jack ( thru tape ) you be go to hit a hairpin turn exactly three tenth of a mile from the stop sign which should be come into view at any minute . new angle - on the stop sign up ahead back to scene ramirez start to slow down . jack do not stop for the stop sign , do not even slow down for it . you have get to hit the hairpin exactly fifteen second after you pass the stop sign . we see that ramirez be go 60 mile a hour down the straightaway . the road be open and straight ahead . ramirez drive on with total focus . the intensity be obvious . up ahead be a hairpin turn . jack the hairpin should be right in front of you . keep you focus . you can not let down even after you negotiate the turn . you never know what 's go to be around the next corner ... or whose life might depend on you reaction . new angle on the Jeep as it negotiate the turn . int . jeep - night we have a shot of the road , Pov ramirez through the windshield . suddenly as we negotiate the hairpin turn , there up ahead of we sit jack in the middle of the road tied to a chair , look straight at we . zoom to jack sit straight , tie into the chair so that he could not run if he want to . he do not move , just stare forward , as if try to lock eye with ramirez . ramirez ( o.s. ) ( as he hand start for brake ) you asshole ! high angle the Jeep turn slightly to the right , then sharply to the leave . and as its back wheel lock , it slide and complete the 180 - degree turn . just short of Jack . close - jack his face be white , he stare freeze . he have see death before . never that close . back to scene ramirez jump out of the Jeep , come straight at Jack . ramirez you crazy - ass mother fucker ! I could have kill you ! jack you can not let down ! this be not a game ... it be life and death . you have to be ready for anything , all the time . ramirez fuck you ! just then we hear the roar of the snowmobile come out of nowhere , bear down towards they . jack ( calmly ) the clip in you gun have three live , two dummy , one live , three dummy , one live . ramirez look at he , push to the break point now . he pull the transmitter out of he pocket and cross right to Jack and stuff it in Jack 's pocket . ramirez no rule , Jack ? then you fuck deal with it . ramirez wait for Jack to say something ... to protest ... to say anything . Jack say nothing . ramirez turn in a fury and start walk away as the snowmobile bear down from four different direction , come straight towards Jack . Jack say absolutely nothing . ramirez turn and see Jack be make absolutely no attempt to toss the transmitter . Jack simply lock eye with ramirez . Jack be not go to budge . ramirez turn he back and be about to continue walk away but the noise of the snowmobile bear on the unrelent Jack grow louder . ramirez can take it no more . he turn , pull out the gun and must run right to where Jack be in order to get shot off at each snowmobile . he fire through the dummy round until he take out all four snowmobile , the last of which come to rest only a few foot away from they both . ramirez be exhaust . when Jack speak it be quietly and with contempt . jack you pussy . you rule - follow pussy . ramirez turn , look at Jack , unable to believe he ear . jack you know why you do not fuck around on you wife ? not because you do not want to . you be a man . you want to fuck everything . but you do not ... because you be afraid it would cost you what ... you wife , you family , you self respect maybe ... as we watch ramirez listen to Jack , we can see he go over the edge . jack ... you know what carlos would do if he be marry ? he would bring whatever woman he want home and make he wife fuck she . that 's what no rule mean . that 's what you be too much of a pussy to get . ramirez walk straight over to Jack , pull he hair back so that Jack be stare up at he and then he put the barrel of he gun at Jack 's temple . ramirez be not bluff now . he have go completely into the dark side for the first time . ramirez no rule , Jack ? okay ... we be in a fuck foreign country on a secret mission ... I can not be here , I be on a submarine . the U.S. navy 's my alibi . what 's the count on my ammunition , Jack ? be this one live or a dud ? he stare down at Jack and we can see that Jack do not remember the count , as ramirez pull the trigger . click ! ramirez what about the next one , Jack ? live or dud ... who care ... no rule , right ? he pull the trigger . click ! jack ( perversely proud ) yes , my good son ... ramirez think you can be lucky three time in a row ? he pull the trigger . click ! ramirez how about four ? he be about to pull the trigger once again when we hear : amos ( o.s. ) annibal ! it 's over ! ramirez turn to see he , as amo walk down the embankment towards he . jack stay out of it . amos it 's over , Jack . he 's it . ramirez stay with the gun point at Jack . it be obvious he be in a kill mood , perfectly ready and willing to squeeze the trigger once again . amo take the gun from ramirez , point it up and pull the trigger ... kaboom ! ext . road by dead sea - aerial shot - day we super the following : israel - april , 1987 we have a aerial shot over a date plantation which sit incongruously in the middle of the desert beside the Dead Sea , as we move to reveal a car drive along this barren road . the camera pivot around the car as we see the landscape scroll behind it ; the torture rock formation , the mountain reflect in the water , a desert - scape that look like something out of Dante , as peugeot cut its way along the road . int . peugeot - dead sea - israel Jack be in the car with amo , who drive , and ramirez . ramirez have a bandage across he nose . he have black eye from plastic surgery . Jack hand ramirez a small bundle which he open . Inside be a black T-shirt and black jeans . ramirez what 's this ? jack what you will wear from now on . Black T-shirt and jeans ... it 's the only thing carlos ever wear whenever he 's not out be a terrorist . it 's the opposite of what he be force to wear as a child ... you know ... the school uniform , the white tight collare shirt ... it 's become like a fetish for he . amos and to match you new wardrobe , in another two day you bandage will come off and you will get to show you beautiful new nose to carla . ramirez who 's carla ? jack she 's a venezuelan . she be carlos ' main squeeze about fifteen year ago . she will put the finish touch on the act . ramirez why 's one of carlos ' girlfriend help we ? amos carlos use she ... like he use a lot of woman . she emigrate to Israel . now she want to get even . ramirez what do you mean use she . how ? jack he put she on a airplane with a bomb in she suitcase . she would have go up with everything else . what 's that song say ? there be fifty way to leave you lover ? make that fifty - one . amos she 's about thirty - seven ... still attractive . jack so it 's not gonna be a hardship . ramirez what 's not gonna be a hardship ? jack make love to she . ramirez look at Jack in shock . jack annibal ... the way in be a woman ... she name be agnieska . it 's part of the trap . the kgb will be watch she ... we will make sure of that ... she 's a more recent girlfriend of carlos ... but they have get to be convinced and so do she . carlos , you , be go to ask she to do something . she have to believe you be he or she will not risk it . ramirez just look at he , as if cheating on he wife be obviously not part of the bargain . jack what the fuck be you lookin ' at ? you be gonna help murder this guy , you draw the moral line at extramarital sex ? ramirez be quiet . jack do not think of it as cheating . think of it as fuck for the flag . amos " when in doubt , close you eye and think of England . " ext . safe house - dead sea - sunset at first we should not realize we be near a building of any kind . we open on a wide angle on the Dead Sea from a stun Pov . crane down to reveal the silhouette of ramirez smoking a cigarette . we now see that he nose be exactly that of carlos . he have just a bit of dark circle leave under he eye , just enough to make he seem moody . he toss the cigarette and turn to enter a room . now we see that this be a desert barrack pock -mark with artillery shell and machine gun bullet hole from past war . ext . balcony - safe house - dead sea - sunset ramirez turn to enter the barrack with a wide - angle of the landscape overlook the Dead Sea . he now wear a black T - shirt and black jeans . the peugeot be park near the barrack that sit on the edge of the cliff in b.g . int . safe house - dead sea - sunset start tight on a shot of a ashtray . it be overflow with cigarettes . a woman 's hand pick up the butt that be in the ashtray and with the last of its ember she light another cigarette off it . she be carla , mid-thirty , hard edge which mar the beauty she still have . she be intense , neurotic and bitter . she and ramirez be alone in the live room . she sit in a corner . we become aware of the room . it be a study in contrast . Light shoot in through shell hole and crack in ruin wall . and yet , the interior be somehow soft , sensuous , with thick carpet , muslin drape and a large bed that resemble at one and the same time , a box ring and a altar . she pay no attention to ramirez . she do not even acknowledge that he 's enter the room . she be in a kind of reverie . carla the thing about carlos be ... he do not lose himself with a woman ... not with a lover ... maybe with a whore I do not know ... I be not he whore . Lovers be different to he ... he might have a use for they ... so he have to seduce they properly . he have to make sure they be so crazy about he they will do anything for he . ramirez when do you ...? she hold up a hand without look at he , commanding he silence . carla shhh ! you be not here . she rock herself back and forth , comforting herself and now for the first time we see the bottle of irish whiskey she hold at she side . she raise it , take a long gulp , some of the fluid drip down the corner or she mouth . she do not bother to wipe it away . it be there next to tearstain on she cheek . slowly , she rock back and forth , she primal comforting , the act of a abuse and abandon child will turn into stroke , caress of a secret style from a phantom lover who will get she in the mood for what she must do . she must get herself wet . she must get herself ready . she must recapture what it be to be seduce by carlos . her hand be she lover now . carla you do not exist until I be ready to let you exist , and then ... you do exactly what I say . she lean she head back and conjure carlos up in she mind . carla it 's not pleasure for he ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... this sick kind of conquest ... you know this seduction ... he 's get to make you not just a lover but a disciple ... a worshipper ... he brainwash you with he body ... so ... so ... you will do anything ... you see because he 's the perfect lover ... he do it all to ... not to please you ... but to excite you ... to ... to make it dangerous for you and then , that 's very sexy too , to a woman ... that danger ... like he could kill you in a second ... but instead he make you come ... so he 's almost kill you , you see ? and you have this orgasm right then and it 's like he 's kill you and there be not anything leave of you and he make you be bear again the way he want you to be . so there be not a think in you brain that he have not put there . not a feel in you body that he have not put there . she masturbate herself stop just short of climax . then she look up at ramirez , acknowledge he presence and let he exist . carla take off you clothes . ramirez just like that ? carla look mister ... ramirez miguel ... carla I do not want to know you name ... I do not want to know anything about you okay . this be not fun for I . I be not here to play soft music and be romantic . I be here to help you kill he ... at least I hope that 's what you be go to do . they promise I it be . ramirez yes . carla take off you clothes . angle on ramirez he take off he clothes . camera shoot from the waist up . carla you be smaller than he . ramirez ( shaking he head ) great . carla slap he suddenly without warning hard across the face . carla that 's what he would have do if I would have say something like that . without a moment 's hesitation . what 's wrong with you ?! no ere no hombre ! ramirez back hand she and she fly backwards against the couch . angle on carla lie against the couch . her mouth be bleed just a little . carla now come to I and kiss where you hit . she put she finger to she lip and see the blood . ramirez bend down to she , the passion rise . carla kiss where the blood be and then smear it on my lip so I taste it . ramirez bend down and kiss she and the blood smear and he kiss she passionately . carla now go down on I ... yes like that ... si ... si ... tease I ... tease ... but do not let I come ... control I ... it 's get to be when he want it ... yeah ... ramirez 's head go down out of frame . dissolve to : new angle ramirez and carla in bed , both naked , ramirez be on top ... carla ask I if I like it ... he always ask ... he want to hear it . ramirez you like it ... carla demand it . ramirez ( harder ) you like it ?! carla yeah ... ramirez you like it ?! carla make I beg . ramirez beg for it ... carla please ... ramirez yeah ... carla please ... tell I you want I to come ... ramirez I want you to come now ... carla you want to feel it all over you ... ramirez be too turn on now to follow instruction . ramirez oh yeah baby ... yeah ... you make I feel so good . carla stop !... stop it ! she push ramirez back . she sit up grope for a cigarette . ramirez what ... what would I do ... carla he never lose control ... he never tell you how he feel . he 's in control . he 's the one who make you feel what he want you to feel . he never feel anything ... you stupid ... stupid ... she fumble with a lighter ... then she throw it aside and the cigarette . carla Roll over ! ramirez why ? carla on you back ! ramirez roll onto he back and she get on top of he . camera shoot from the waist up . carla I be carlos ... you be I . she start humping he . her voice go down very low . carla you like it ... she hump harder . ramirez evidently do . ramirez yeah . carla you like it ? ramirez oh baby ... carla ooooo I want to make you come ... ramirez yeah ... carla I want to make you come ... I want to feel it all over I . ramirez yeah ... yeahhh ... yeahhhhhh . ramirez be almost at the point of orgasm and carla reach down with she hand and start to choke he . ramirez ( scared ) what the fuck be you doin ' ? carla let I ... let I do it ... put you hand down . she hump he harder and choke he and he climax and then she release she grasp on he throat ... carla he do that ... he 's crazy ... he choke you ... just a little . she get off he and light up a cigarette . carla then he go to the refrigerator and eat ... he 's always hungry afterwards ... always ... God I feel like filth . she start cry and the cry grow louder . ramirez roll over to she to take she in he arm . ramirez I be sorry ... I be sorry . carla get you hand off I ! ramirez shh ... I be not he ... I be not carlos ... I be ... carla I do not care who you be . I do not want to know anything about you ... except that you be go to kill he . ext . kgb headquarters - moscow - night int . kgb office - night a head kgb officer be with a kgb aide . he read a report . head kgb officer [ it seem we friendly bank manager in Zurich have receive instruction to put a new name on the account of we mysterious mister Paulo ortega ... agnieska kozinski . do the name sound familiar ? ] kgb aide [ should it ? ] head kgb officer [ I run a check on she . she 's a french national ... originally Polish . she be a girlfriend of carlos . ] kgb aide [ we carlos ? ] head kgb officer [ the question be ... be he still we carlos . or be he about to become someone else 's . ] ext . agnieska' apartment - paris - day a beautiful young woman whom we will come to know as agnieska enter she apartment building . int . apartment build - paris - day agnieska collect she mail . she stop when she come to a postcard . we can not make out what it say , but it have a profound effect on she . dialogue be in french with English subtitles . agnieska my God ... my God ... it 's he . ext . - balcony - safe house - dead sea - sunset ramirez stand look out to the horizon , smoking a cigarette when Jack come up behind he . jack well ... not the most painful way to burn you bridge behind you , huh miguel ? ramirez what do you mean ? jack Saint miguel the faithful husband be dead . Long live carlos . you have cheat on you wife ... now you can do anything . ramirez what I do in there I do not do to cheat on my wife and you know it . jack hey , pussy 's pussy . ramirez turn to look at he as if a light bulb have just go on . ramirez I just get it about you , Jack . you can not get it up , can you ? the look on Jack 's face for once , have be catch completely off guard , betray the fact that ramirez be dead - on . just then , we hear : amos ( o.s. ) we have get it . just confirm . jack get what confirm ? angle on - amos he cross towards they , hold a decode message . amos the kgb have set up a surveillance on agnieska . and agnieska have receive she summon from she long - lose love ... carlos , tell she to come and meet you . at the meeting you convince she you be carlos . you ask she to handle some bank transaction . she will . then the kgb know carlos and ortega be the same man . then later they will see you meet with a CIA agent . they will have all the piece . they will know carlos have turn . ramirez where do I meet with this agnieska ? amos Libya . that 's where carlos be . ramirez could not we wait till he take a trip ? I mean Libya ... shit . amos the wait be more dangerous to you than go to Libya . we have laid out a trap . now we have to be careful not to get catch in it ourselves . ext . shore of dead sea - israel - sunset ramirez and amo walk along the road which run straight along the Dead Sea . here and there be strand of barb wire and the barrack in the b.g . as they walk , they pass a sign which say : the dead sea - you be now stand at the lowest spot on earth ... elevation : 393 meter below sea level . amos Jack do not know that we be have this talk and I do not want he to know ... understand ? ramirez okay ... amos nothing can make you ready for combat but combat . Jack would be against I tell you this ... he would say you should not have a think in you head that we have not put there but you be not just a box that we be go to fill up with we own idea . you have a right to know certain thing . ramirez I appreciate that amo ... a lot . it 's funny , I start out hat you ... I mean I be still gonna sue you , do not think you be off the hook for my break rib , but ... amos but now you love I and we be go to run away to San Francisco and find a reform rabbi to perform a mix gay marriage . listen to I ... you be go to feel more alone than you have ever feel in you life . it will hit you all of a sudden and you will think you heart 's go to jump out of you chest , you will think everyone around you can hear you heart beat , and that everyone around you be a enemy agent . I want you to be prepare for that . so you can deal with it . understand ? in the far distance , we be vaguely aware of a huge truck barrel along , come straight down the highway towards they . ramirez yes . amos we have a agent ... the best we ever have in training . we be go to infiltrate he into Beirut and then use he to penetrate the pflp . no student ever score higher than this man ... we set up he cover for six month in Argentina . he be perfect . and then we send he to Beirut . he get off the plane , go to he hotel , go up to he room and have a nervous breakdown . suddenly it seem , the truck be right on top of they , head straight for they , like monster in a child 's nightmare . it pass within inch and ramirez have to fight to keep from jump as the truck roar past they . it be not a monster , just a truck . then again , it could have kill they just the same . amos we have to mount a operation to send in a man pose as a doctor so we could drug he and get he out on a plane . okay ? now you understand ? nothing prepare you . I want you to know that so when it hit you , you do not panic , you feel the fear and then get rid of it . ramirez Jesus ... amos you splash some water on you face . you take some deep breath . you look in the mirror and when you look in that mirror , I do not want you to find annibal ramirez . you find carlos . if you find carlos , that 's what everyone else will find too . and if you find carlos and anything go wrong , he 's the one who can get you out of it . because he 's the best . ramirez ( after a beat ) I get a wife I get to go back to when this be over . I get kid I get to go back to when this be over . I want to go back as annibal ramirez ... not carlos . amos you will ... you will need a time of decompression and it will be hard at first , but you will . because inside you be not carlos ... you be not a terrorist . but right now , in order to save you life , you have get to be . you have get to look in the mirror and find carlos . do you understand ? it be almost say like the offer of a vow . ramirez I do . amos you will not be able to go in with a gun ... too risky ... so we be go to have to get one to you once you be in place . how I do not know yet ... but we will get one to you . you will make you way out by boat . we will be on it . but we will not be able to help if anything go wrong . we will make we way down the coast to a friendly state and then fly back to London , and from there back to the U.S . ext . libya INTERNATIONAL airport - day as passenger come out of the plane we recognize ramirez amongst they . super : tripoli , libya - may 1987 int . libya INTERNATIONAL airport - day a cold , dreary , oppressive airport . grim-look soldier and even more menace security men in dark glass . in the line of arrive passengers , at the passport control booth , be a limping colombian businessman . scan the place from behind sunglass , he heart be pounding , pounding , pounding . this be it . this be real enemy territory now , and he know it . ramirez' Pov the forebode paranoia that everyone be stare at he . Soldiers , security man , airport employee , other passenger . they all seem to know he secret . they be all just wait for the axe to fall . ramirez head over to the custom booth . he turn back as a guard push he aside to let pass a rich Arabic family . a young fat girl hold some toy grimace at he as she indelicately make she way with she family through the crowd . in the b.g. we notice a mercede wait for they through the glass door of the airport . ramirez continue on he way towards the custom booth . behind a curtain , he see a man be searched . official El pass'port ! the sudden harsh voice jolt we all . close - official pockmark face with exaggerated feature . Ugly and mean . ramirez hand he he colombian passport . the pounding quicken . official sheil el nadara ! he bark in Arabic , motion ramirez to remove he sunglass . ramirez do , fight to remain calm under the man 's granite gaze . the official look at the passport and back at ramirez . the follow dialogue be in Arabic with English subtitles . now and for every other scene in which ramirez pass himself off as carlos , he have brown eye . official ricardo moran vargas ? ramirez yes . close - ramirez' face tiny bead of sweat begin to form on he forehead . official you business ? ramirez pipe . I sell pipe . official pipe ? ramirez nod , smile apologetically , search for the word in Arabic . ramirez struggle to appear calm . his heart 's pounding , however , intensify . ramirez for the oil ... official oil ? ramirez pipe for oil ... Petroleum ... official ( after a beat ) step over behind the curtain . new angle ramirez 's luggage be be thoroughly searched by the official . finally the official look up at he . official all right . you can go . finally he stamp the passport . ext . libya palace HOTEL - day we have a shot of the cab , a old mercede come towards we , and then under the arch lead to the entrance of the hotel . ramirez step out and he 's assaile by a bunch of kid begging and try to grab he baggage . he look around . angle - Pov ramirez across the street at a cafe soldier with gun laugh . from a shop window , the silhouette of a man seem to look right at we . across the street , kid on a balcony throw a water balloon at a horse pull a cart and the horse bolt right in front of ramirez . back to scene as the street urchin continue to beg and grab at he luggage , and the taxi driver demand impatiently to be pay , suddenly out of nowhere , a bellboy appear and smack one of the kid who fall to the ground . they all disperse as the bellboy take the luggage and lead ramirez who pay the cab driver and then cross to the hotel . int . HOTEL room - libya - day the bellboy enter with ramirez , set down he bag and then open the shutter of the window . ramirez tip he silently . once the bellboy have leave , ramirez walk to the phone and check it out . then he cross to the shutter . perhaps he see a shadow look in he direction from the dark apartment across the street . he close the shutter . just then , there 's a loud knock on the door . he jump and automatically go for he gun . but he have no gun ... and he heart begin to pound again . the loud knock repeat itself . ramirez ( in Spanish ) who 's there ? a incomprehensible response in Arabic . ramirez ( in accented English ) what do you want ? voice room service . ramirez ( after a pause ) I not order nothing . voice iced water . ramirez iced water ? voice yes , sir . the voice be young , and not too assertive . ramirez consult he watch and look out the window again . everything still seem to be normal . voice Sir ...? ramirez carefully open the door . in walk a young , rather innocent - look waiter with a jar of ice water . he wear a fez on he head . as he place it on a table , ramirez eye he with suspicion . suddenly the waiter reach underneath he jacket and ... pull out a small handgun . on ramirez he be freeze with fear . on waiter put he finger to he mouth to signal silence , he shove the gun and silencer under a napkin . then he take off he fez and from within , pull out a small grenade and extra clip of ammunition . without any further attempt at communication , he exit the room . ramirez Jesus . ramirez walk back into the bathroom . he splashes water on he face and take three deep breath and then slowly look up into the mirror ... and find carlos . ext . STREET in libya - downtown tripoli - day we see a beautiful dark haire woman of about thirty come down the street . there be several other pedestrian as well . the woman be agnieska . she carry a large bag of grocery . ext . STREET - tripoli , libya - residential area - day a van be park on the street . agnieska walk along . the van start . a man whom we will come to know as vladimir adjust the mirror . his partner nikolai readjust it and in it we see agnieska , walk . the two kgb operative , now both see agnieska . vladimir [ there she come ... ] nikolai [ do you see Misha ? ] vladimir [ not yet . ] behind agnieska about fifty foot behind she we see several pedestrian , one be a arab and another a european . agnieska go up into a apartment building . vladimir [ there he be .] around the corner come another arab businessman type . the first arab stop in front of the apartment house and bend down to tie he shoe . the second arab come up alongside of he and the first arab give a almost imperceptible nod . the second arab go into the apartment house . vladimir [ he 's pass she to leonid . for Russians , they make good Arabs . ] the van make a u-turn and pull around the corner to give they another vantage point of agnieska 's apartment . int . van - libya - day the two Russian operative continue they stakeout of agnieska 's apartment . int . apartment - libya - late afternoon agnieska enter the apartment . she open the door and slowly walk in . the apartment be dark . she be about to turn on the light when suddenly a hand grab she from behind around she mouth and another hand hold a gun snap right down next to she head . she drop the grocery and scream but the hand muffle it . she struggle a bit but the person who hold she hiss . person holding her ( in a Arabic accent ) shhhhhhh . one sound and you be dead . outside the door we hear faintly the sound of footstep . we still can not make out who be hold she . he appear to be a arab in traditional garb completely bald with mustache and glass . he speak in a thick Arabic accent . person holding her carlos ... when be he come here ? he loosen the grasp on she mouth . agnieska I do not know what you be talk about . person holding her do not play game with I . we have have you follow . we know you be go to meet he . now , when ?! agnieska I do not know any carlos ... please I be tell you the truth . the person hold she still have he gun at she head . he cock the trigger back with a loud noise . the gun have a silencer on it . person holding her this gun have a silencer . there will not be any noise . now talk ! agnieska I do not know what you be talk about ... I be not from here . I just come to visit a girlfriend . this be she apartment . she will be here tomorrow ... please . the person who be hold she throw she to the floor . he stand over she . person holding her you be lie ... agnieska I swear to you ... I be tell the truth ... the bald arab who be hold she slowly take he belt out of its loop and put he gun back in he pants . he hold the belt as if he be go to strangle she . agnieska what ... what be you go to do to I . person who be holding her first ... I be go to have some fun with you ... and then ... he reach up to he glass and take they off and he mustache and false nose ... ramirez then I be go to have something to eat ... I be famish . production note : the beginning of this scene should be played with another actor so that the audience have no hint that this be ramirez . then on the CUT where he take off he glass , it should be the actor playing ramirez , but he be bald . agnieska you bastard ! I have not see you for two year and this be the way you ... ramirez laugh . ramirez I have to be sure I could still trust you . he bend down to she and kiss she . agnieska I come all the way to this god - forsaken country do not I ? I have be hole up in this place you arrange for I for the past twenty - four hour ... I could not eat I could not sleep ... nothing just sit in here wait for you . he pick she up in he arm and start carry she to the bed . ramirez so why do you leave . . .? agnieska whoever stock this place with food do not leave much of a selection ... I want to go out and get some nice thing for you . you be not suppose to be here for another three hour . I could have make a nice dinner . ramirez I have get what I want to eat in my arm right now . he lay she down on the bed and pull up she skirt and he head go down out of screen as agnieska arch she back and sigh . ext . harbor - libya - late afternoon the silhouette of a fishing boat drift along the coastline . int . fishing boat - libya - late afternoon we see the silhouettes of two man against the out of focus backdrop of the city . they be Jack and amo , chain smoking . both man dress as fisherman . Jack check he watch . jack I wonder what he 's do now . amos practice safe sex , I hope . int . bedroom - apartment in libya - sunset ramirez be in bed with agnieska . she lay back smoking a cigarette , sighing . agnieska my God ... my God ... ramirez yeah ... now , let 's eat . he get up and throw on he pants and cross into the little kitchen . agnieska follow , drape a blanket around she . she cross to a window and open it . ramirez what be you do ? agnieska just get some air in here ... do not be so jumpy . he turn back to the refrigerator and open it . agnieska cross to the fall sack of grocery . agnieska forget about what 's in there ... I find caviar and , here 's some pate . ramirez do not like the food I would leave for you , huh ? his eye scan the refrigerator . agnieska could not eat a bite of it . angle on ramirez his eye still scan . he pull a cucumber out of the refrigerator and take a bite and make a face . ramirez ughhh ... I do not blame you . he open the lid on the garbage can and throw the cucumber inside . angle on inside of garbage can at the bottom be cigarette butt . camera zoom in on one - it be filter -tipped . ramirez turn around to she and come up behind she . ramirez who be here smoking a filter - tip cigarette my darling ? agnieska what ? ramirez you do not smoke filter . agnieska what be you talk about ? he grab she by the back of the neck and shove she face down into the garbage can . ramirez that 's what I be talk about ! the filter- tip cigarette . who be here . agnieska you be crazy ... no one ... I ... illich ... listen ... I run out of cigarettes and ... and I be at a cafe and I bum a cigarette ... I have a cigarette and coffee and come back here ... that 's all . ramirez ( loosen he grasp just a little ) you bum a cigarette ... that 's all . agnieska yes ... yes ... you know I can not have coffee without a cigarette . ramirez I believe you . he straighten she up and rise with she . then all of a sudden he grab she by the throat and start to strangle she . ramirez the nearest cafe be two block away . a cigarette would not have last that long ... so you bum a cigarette but it be not in a cafe ... it be very close to here ... in this apartment building . who do you meet with ? that window be a signal be not it ?! be not it you puta bitch ! he start to strangle she and we see not ramirez but carlos . ramirez tell I or you be dead ! he be choke the life out of she . she croak out a answer . agnieska the french ... the dst ... they make I ... I do not have any choice ... ramirez you sell I out ! he be choke the life out of she when we hear footstep racing down the hall . ramirez throw agnieska down , grab he gun and grenade and race to the open window and go out onto the fire escape . his foot be bare . he have no shirt on . ext . FIRE escape - apartment build - libya - sunset ramirez come out of the apartment onto the fire escape . bullet hit the wall next to he and below we see several dst agent shoot up at he . a dst agent appear inside the apartment and shoot at ramirez . ramirez move out of the way of the shattered window . angle - Pov ramirez look down and across the alley . int . van - libya - sunset vladimir [ gunfire ?! what the hell be go on ?!] the two Russian operative get out of they van . ext . FIRE escape - libya - sunset dst agent from below be shoot up at ramirez . they gunfire destroy everything in sight . ramirez leap over the railing and fly across the street , landing on a terrace . his momentum be so strong that he be propel through the glass door of the terrace . int . apartment - next level - libya - sunset ramirez go through the window of the apartment as bullet continue to fly . he cut he foot on the break glass . int . apartment - next level - sunset ramirez quickly go through the apartment , fall into the room , landing hard where a family be eat and watch tv . we see now that ramirez be wounded . int . apartment hallway - libya - sunset ramirez come out the door and start toward the stair . ramirez suddenly bang into a dst agent . the two of they look at each other in shock for a beat . neither be expect the other to be there . the moment seem to last forever . they be literally face to face . which one will react first ? ramirez take half a step back , raise he gun and fire , explode the dst agent 's forehead . ramirez have a moment of horror , splatter with the blood and brain of this man . we intercut a flash of the dst man be hit in a instant , almost subliminal replay as if ramirez 's brain must register the scene twice to comprehend it . just then , a shot ring out from below and ramirez , who can not help stare in horror at the dead man , flee once more for he life . int . apartment house - stairwell - libya - sunset two more dst agent follow the trail of blood up the stair . ext . roof - apartment house - libya - sunset ramirez arrive at the top of the stair . reaching the edge of the roof , ramirez look across to the other side . the dst agent arrive at the top and see ramirez . ramirez take a deep breath and jump , barely make it , cling onto a pipe on the side of the building . once again , we intercut the quick flashback of the dst man be shot . then , as shot ring out around he , ramirez pull himself up and get away . ext . roof - apartment house - libya - sunset ramirez check over the side of the building to see a dst car follow . one agent step out and start to shoot at he . ramirez fire back and shatter the windshield and then jump to the next rooftop . ext . roof - apartment house - libya - magic hour ramirez 's silhouette run from roof to roof . ext . roof - apartment - magic hour ramirez trip over a piece of metal and crash through the metal roof of a shed , and then , landing , he take off run through the narrow alley below . ext . roof - apartment - magic hour ramirez run down the dark and narrow alley . ext . narrow alley - magic hour outside a turkish cafe , a dst agent shoot at ramirez . all the diner duck for cover . ramirez shoot out the light , the fixture spark and fly off its hook , send a string of light crash down toward the dst agent , the bulb explode around he head . ext . SMALL alley - night ramirez arrive at a small street . in the distance we see the light of a bright and busy street . suddenly , headlight hit he face , gunfire ring out and ramirez take off follow by the oncoming car . int . courtyard - libya - night ramirez be run from the car dodging bullet . ramirez lob a grenade at the car . it explode right in front of the car , not take it out , just damaging it . ramirez run across the street and be hit suddenly by a motorcycle which then veer off and go crash into a oncoming car . ramirez get up and run into a doorway . int . courtyard - libya - night ramirez , sweat and out of breath , scan he new and dark surroundings . while bleed , ramirez suddenly turn around and shoot . a dst agent fall out of the darkness , dead . ramirez hear something . turn around , ramirez shoot a agent at the top of the building . the body fall and get tangle into the string of electrical wire . he reach into he pocket , pull out another clip and re-load . ext . STREET - libya - night ramirez come out of the doorway and wave down a taxi . ramirez jump into the driver 's seat , push the driver aside . when the driver resist , ramirez throw he out into the street . a pass truck nearly hit the driver . other Arabs start approach ramirez but back off immediately once he raise he gun . the taxi make a u-turn and leave , racing through traffic . ramirez check he mirror and see that he be pick up by a dst car . they begin to shoot at ramirez and he back window shatter . ext . smaller STREET - libya - night ramirez be drive full speed . the car jump as it hit the junction of the street . ramirez continue to be follow by the car of dst agent . ramirez turn into a small alley . ext . narrow STREET - libya - night ramirez drive down the narrow street . the side of the car barely fit through . spark fly from the metal scratch against the wall . the taxi 's mirror pop off as the chase continue . ext . smaller STREET with arch - libya - night the car continue to race through the street . ramirez suddenly see two kid come out of a garage . ramirez veer out of the way and miss the kid . the car go crash into scaffold and paint drop down onto the windshield . once again , we intercut the flashback of ramirez kill the first dst agent , be splatter with he blood . ramirez continue to drive away , wiping away the paint on the windshield . ext . smaller STREET with cafe - libya - night ramirez try to wipe away the paint . the car continue to race through the street . ext . STREET - libya - night the two car disappear down a hill . ramirez 's vision be blurred by the paint on the windshield . a car suddenly appear that force he to veer leave into a stairwell . the taxi descend the stairway . ramirez suddenly pull the parking brake and the other car hit ramirez 's car and flip over it and explode . ramirez , watch the explosion , take off the other way . ext . STREET in libya - night on the harbor , a police car be see next to ramirez 's taxi . the sergeant reveal some blood inside the taxi but ramirez be nowhere to be find . we see the kgb on the scene . ext . harbor - libya - night the fishing boat enter the harbor . Jack stand on the deck as the boat pass under a bridge . out of nowhere a man jump onto Jack and shove he to the ground . holding he by the neck , amo appear and be about to hit ramirez but ramirez grab amo ' arm and stare at he . ext . villa - libya - night - establishing shot we see carlos ' villa through the barb wire . the silhouette of a guard be on top of the building . int . villa bedroom - night the real carlos be asleep in the bed with a beautiful Arabic woman . a japanese koj enter and tap carlos on the shoulder . instantly he spring awake with a gun in he hand point at koj . koj illich ... you must get dress . there be a shoot tonight ... we have to talk . carlo what shoot ... who ? ext . fishing boat at sea - night int . fishing boat - night Jack and amo be with ramirez who be furious . amo be bind ramirez 's wound . ramirez what the fuck be you talk about , you do not know she be work with the dst ? jack we do not . how the fuck should we know ? ramirez they be we ally , for Christ 's sake ! jack they do not tell we this time . why should they it be they operation . and we sure as shit be not gonna let they in on you be here . ramirez why not ?! that way they would not have try to kill I and I would not have wound up kill they . amos it would have be too dangerous . ramirez too dangerous ... what the fuck do you think that be back there ? safe ? how the fuck more dangerous do it have to get ? jack annibal , the important thing be it work ! the Russians have to think it be carlos now ... . what do they see ? they trail the girl ... and then there 's a shoot out . let 's make sure they know it be dst ... we can make sure they get that information . if they know the dst be there then what be they do there if it be not to get carlos . she betrayed you , so tomorrow we take she name off the bank account and we set up another place for they to get they picture . we burn Libya but okay so we will find another place . the only thing that matter be they have get to believe it now . it 's perfect ! ramirez you fuckin ' maniac ! I kill four dst agent tonight ! they be we ally and they be tryin ' to kill I and I kill they . I kill we ally ! jack hey fuck we ally ! ramirez just look at he in horror . amos annibal ... policeman wind up shoot other policeman ... it happen . I would rather have you here feel guilty about they than to know there be a meeting in Paris tonight where they be feel guilty about you . jack annibal ... you do what you have to do and it work . all the training work . carlos could not have do it any better . he smile . ext . kgb headquarters - moscow - night the head kgb Officer be there with he aide . both look as if they have be up all night . kgb aide [ whether carlos be actually in there with she or not we do not know ... all we know be there be a gun battle ... dst agent from what we have be able to find out . but whether or not it be carlos ...] head kgb officer [ if it be carlos and he send for the girl ... and she betrayed he ... well ... we should keep watch on the girl . what he do about she will tell we more than anything else . ] int . villa - libya - morning carlos sit in the close villa with koj and four other terrorist . carlo so the moronic dst find a old girlfriend and send she here to bait a honey trap for I ... and then they trip over they own dick and start shoot each other ... why ? koj there be a man with she ... who we do not know ... they must have spot he come in ... think it be you and move too soon ... before she even make contact with you . whoever he be ... he be awfully good . carlo where be the girl now ? koj they have take she to Paris . carlo I want the bitch dead ! koj it will not be easy . carlo if it be go to be easy I could hire a couple of junky . I want the cunt dead ! you handle it koj . hit she in Paris , right under they fuck nose and leave Europe through London . koj when ? carlo now ! leave now . not this afternoon ... not five minute from now ... now ! koj get up and leave . carlos turn to the other . carlo something else trouble I my friend . how be this woman go to make contact with I . you be the only one who know about this safe house . so one of you be she contact . they all start to protest too late as carlos pull out he gun and shoot each of they . int . stairwell - agnieska' build - day - EST . shot super over the circular stairwell : paris - JUNE , 1987 agnieska come down the stair , pass by camera . ext . agnieska' apartment build - paris - day a french dst security man come out of the apartment building first . he look around the street and then nod . a second dst man come out of the building and get in a black renault after first check underneath it to make sure there be no bomb and then pop the hood and examine the engine and then examine the ignition wire . satisfied , he take a deep breath and start the motor and then the first dst man nod inside the apartment building and another dst man come out with agnieska next to he . he open the door for she when two shot ring out , both of they hit she in the forehead . the dst agent scatter for cover when suddenly the car park in front of the renault explode with tremendous force and the dst agent be all hit . int . kgb office - moscow the head kgb Officer be there . the head kgb Officer have a file open on he desk . in it be photograph of ramirez jump out of the apartment in Libya . none of the photograph show he face clearly so there 's no way of tell who it be . just then the aide come in and hand a telex to the head kgb Officer . head kgb officer ( read it ) [ when ? ] aide [ this afternoon ... the girl and two dst agent dead , one wounded . ] head kgb officer [ so now we know ... it be carlos . ] he hold up the picture of ramirez with just the back of the head show . head kgb officer [ we still have to tie he to the CIA ... if that be what 's go on . I will not make a move against he until I know for sure . ] aide [ why ? ] head kgb officer [ because my dear boy ... four of he colleague shot in Libya , plus the dst and now the girl . he 's a very dangerous fellow . one do not make a move against such a man until one be sure . and then one must move very quickly and kill he ... before he have a chance to kill you . ] ext . london - heathrow airport - day super : london - heathrow airport int . heathrow terminal - arrival gate - day ramirez cross out of the arrival gate . he look for all the world like a business traveler who be completely alone . int . heathrow terminal - cafeteria - day the cafeteria be crowded and noisy . ramirez walk with he tray as if look for a table . there be a open seat where Jack and amo sit with they back to each other at separate table . ramirez cross to Jack . ramirez be still bald but he hair have grow out a bit . ramirez ( loudly ) be this seat take ? jack no , go right ahead . ramirez sit down and now the conversation be in hushed tone . ramirez I want to go home . I want to see my family . jack this be not the place for this conversation . ramirez ( piss off ) no rule , remember ? I want to go home . you say yourself we can not move again till he leave Libya . you do not even know when that 's gonna be . he might stay there another year for Christ 's sake . jack no he will not . he 's gonna make a move and it will be in Europe just to stick it up the dst 's nose . I be gonna go and find out about we connect flight . angle on - ramirez he pick up he soup spoon and turn it over and use it to scan what 's go on around he . angle on - spoon in the spoon we see koj with a flight bag walk across the cafeteria toward ramirez . back to scene koj cross around in front of ramirez to get a better look , obviously surprised to see what he think be carlos . koj lean in close to ramirez . koj ( whisper ) carlos ... what be you do here ? ramirez look at he , shocked for a moment and then recover . ramirez ( hiss ) you idiot ! do not you know better than to approach I in public ! koj ( loudly ) Excuse I sir ... I only want to know where I could buy a newspaper . ramirez go over there by the phone booth and wait ... I will come to you . ramirez get up casually . angle on - amos he have hear everything that have go down . angle on - koj he wait , stand a few foot away and not by the phone as he be tell . he watch ramirez . something do not jibe ... password be not exchange . he cross to ramirez 's side . koj ( loudly ) Excuse I sir ... I ask if you know where I could buy a newspaper . ramirez stop for a moment . he know that the line be some kind of code and he have no response to give so he start up walk again . koj be instantly behind ramirez , he hand go into he flight bag and push the flight bag up against ramirez 's back . koj make the slight move and I shoot ... and I do not miss . walk to the rest room , very carefully . ramirez do as he be tell . angle on amo . he watch it all go down in the back of a chrome napkin holder . he slowly get up , look around for Jack and go out into the corridor and see koj and ramirez go into the rest room . koj see one of that sandwich board sign off to the side which say , " lavatory temporarily close for cleaning . " he pull it in front of the door . int . restroom - stall - heathrow airport - day koj have ramirez 's head with one hand , while he hold the gun on he with the other . he force ramirez 's head down deep into the toilet bowl . he flush . the water level sink and then rise , cover ramirez 's face . koj hold he under water long enough to almost drow he . then , instead of lift he head out , he flush again and the water level lower . koj tell I what I want to know quickly or you be dead . just then ramirez manage to kick back and overpower koj and send he fly back out through the door of the stall . ramirez be back on he in a second but koj have he gun up and point right at ramirez 's head . they have shift position now , so that they be not face the stall , but the door of the bathroom . koj be about to pull the trigger when we hear : amos ( o.s. ) down !! new angle ramirez duck and roll out of the way and amo fire two shot into koj 's chest but not before koj can get off a round right into amo ' chest . in a instant ramirez be on the still - alive koj grab he head in he hand and slamm it down onto the edge of the sink with a thud that crack he skull . he quickly cross to amo who be die . amos get out of here ... now ... ramirez I have get to get you to a doctor . amos get out now ... ramirez cradle he . ramirez I be not go to let you die here ... I have still get a lawsuit against you , remember ? here , amo speak as a doom father would to a son who still have a chance to save himself from the holocaust . amos my dear boy ... my dear dear boy ... I be dead . please God , do not let it all be for nothing ... get out now ... ramirez stand as amo literally push he away . ramirez be the brave and dutiful son as he father say , coach , teach he to the last ... amos walk slowly ... no attention . ramirez be ashen face , know amo be right and force himself to stand up and walk almost robot- like out of the restroom . int . heathrow airport - corridor - day on a long shot we see ramirez walk down the corridor till he see Jack . he say a few word to he and then start to walk back toward the restroom . Jack grab he arm and literally walk he out of the corridor and down a escalator . int . heathrow airport - phone booth - day Jack and ramirez stand next to a phone booth . Jack be on the phone dial . a voice with a cool british accent answer on the other end . phone voice cousin industrial maintenance , may I help you ? jack mister Simon wick , please . phone voice ringing . wick ( through phone ) Simon wick here . jack this be Jack Shaw . could you send a clean - up crew to heathrow . we have have a rather nasty spill . ext . car - in rain - london - day - establishing shot int . car - in rain - london - day ramirez be with Jack who be on the phone . jack ( into phone ) yes ... I be call about my cousin ... oh Jesus ... oh Jesus ... he shake he head . ramirez know it mean amo be dead . ramirez oh God ... no ... jack ( into phone ) I understand ... yes ... good bye . he hang up the phone . ramirez amo ? jack he 's dead . ramirez why ?! why do not you let I go back to he ... if we would have get he help sooner instead of ... instead of " we have a rather nasty spill ! " be that what it be Jack ? be that all amo be ... a rather nasty spill , mop it up , it will be okay ?! huh ?! jack ( dead pan ) he would have be dead anyway and he know it . that 's why he tell you to get out . ramirez know he 's right . jack ( after a beat ) look like you be go to get to see you family after all . ramirez what ? jack you be go home ... it 's off ... for the time be at least . ramirez bullshit ! I want he . I want that son of a bitch carlos ! and I want he dead ! jack tough shit what you want , annibal . koj have a ticket for Libya on he . chance be he be not look for you but ... ramirez he be not look for I ... he think I be carlos ! jack that 's what I think too but the director want a operation review board ... the dst shoot out ... the girl wind up dead in Paris ... now this ... I have get to go back for the review and you have get to go home . ramirez no way man ... it be my fault ... the whole thing ... I want he dead ! jack what do you mean it be you fault ? ramirez when he ask I about the paper ... if I coulda just bullshit my way ... jack it be a password ... you do not know it ... anything you would have try would have backfire . I have a thing like that ... awfully warm for this time of year ... the response be , yes but not as sticky as two summer ago ... the guy say anything else ... he even hesitates , you shoot he . I shot he ... there be nothing else you could have do . ramirez I be not leavin ' till we get he . jack nobody 's askin ' you . they be shuttin ' we down . you go back home ... maybe I will see you again ... maybe I will not . you will either hear from I or you will get new sea duty and that 's the end of it . ramirez just look at he shocked . ramirez just like that ? jack just like that . I be not the madam kid ... I be just one of the whore . and so be you . ext . ramirez home - virginia - day - rain a taxi pull up in front of ramirez 's house . ramirez step out of the taxi dress in he navy uniform and carry he sea bag . he do not have a hat on and we see he head while not bald , be now in the shortest of buzz cut , certainly much short than the way he wife last see he . he stand outside the house look at it like a adult who have come back to he boyhood home and find it suddenly so small . just then the door open . there be maura hold the baby and next to she , joey . ramirez run toward they and they to he and we see they in tableaux , embrace . a idyllic family reunite . CUT to : int . ramirez house - study - virginia - night we begin on a shot of ramirez 's chair . it rock back and forth violently as we pan up and see ramirez , who be fuck maura . they be both fully clothed , skirt hike up , fly unzip . this be not lovemake . he be fuck she brain out . it be passionate , rough sex . maura hit high " C " as ramirez sweep book off of a table , lift she out of the chair and lay she out on the table . the two of they climax together . it be clear from maura 's look that this be the best sex she 's ever have . ramirez slowly roll off she . he be smile as well , and then become aware that maura have begin to cry . ramirez what 's wrong ? maura you have be with another woman ... have not you . ramirez what be you talk about ? maura have not you ? ramirez no. what ... what would make you say a thing like that ? maura you be different ... ramirez maura ... I be on a submarine ... there be not any woman on submarine ... there be nothin ' to do but read . they have one of that ... how to improve you sex life book ... I must have read it about ten time . I try out a couple of thing from chapter three okay ? I mean if it do not turn you on blame Doctor Ruth okay ? maura ( unconvince ) okay . ramirez great . you want to check with the navy to see if we have shore leave ... I will get you a fuckin ' letter okay ? maura I do not need any letter . and I do not need you to talk to I like that either . ramirez get up and zip up he fly . maura where be you go ? ramirez get something ' to eat ... I be starve . he exit . ext . ramirez home - day super : JULY , 1987 int . ramirez home - day ramirez come into the house from the garage . ramirez maura ... maura ! maura come out of the kitchen . maura what ? ramirez where 's the car ? the car 's not in the garage . where 's the car ? maura the fellow at the service station say it need a tune up . I take it in this morning ... you do not say you be go to need it . ramirez do not do that anymore . maura what ? ramirez I do not want anybody workin ' on the car . car need something I will do it . but I do not want anybody touchin ' that car . maura why ? what difference do it make . ramirez it make a difference to I okay ? so do not do it . maura do you check the mail ? ramirez yeah I check the mail . still nothin ' from the navy . why , you so anxious to get rid of I ? maura I do not want you goin ' back to that sub . I will tell you that . ramirez yeah well I do not have much to say about it . it 's the navy you know . maura you can request another assignment . it 's change you annibal . it 's hurt we . ramirez what 's hurt we ? maura you attitude ... that 's what hurt we . ramirez my attitude . I do not have a attitude man ... you get a attitude . maura you be suspicious of everything that go on ... you snap at joey , you snap at I . I do not like it . ramirez look I just ... it 's hard gettin ' use to ... you know ... it 's hard ... listen ... tomorrow 's joey 's game . let 's just go to joey 's game . it will be nice . it will be like it always be . you will see . he hold she to he . dissolve to : ext . park - norfolk , VA - day it be Little League Day . adorable kid be dress up in they uniform ready to play the next level of baseball . they have graduate from t-ball to coach -pitch , in which the coach pitch the ball for the kid . there be hot dog and lounge chair , family dog and ... father . the mother be there as well , as be brother and sister , but primarily it be the father try to fulfill they own dream of sport glory through they kid . angle on - ramirez and joey ramirez have he arm around joey , give he he last bit of fatherly advice . ramirez okay ... remember , what do we do ? joey keep my eye on the ball . ramirez and who 's the guy who win ? joey whoever have fun , win . ramirez right ! so you go out there and have fun . he give joey " five " and joey run out to join he team at they dugout . ramirez start walk about toward maura and the baby . as he do , he cross next to another father , frank , who be with he son tyler . Frank be about six foot four and to say that he be competitive would be the understatement of the year . he be harangue he kid as if this be the decide game of the World Series . he be on one knee so we do not see just how big he be . frank I do not want so see you out there dickin ' around today , you understand ? Tyler look at he shoe . he be cow and embarrassed . tyler yes sir . frank you be gonna be focus and aggressive and you be gonna play to win . get it ? Tyler be still stare at he toe . frank hey , you think I be talk just to hear myself talk ? look at I when I be talk to you ! Frank suddenly smack he in the face . annibal stop in front of the two of they . ramirez hey pal , lighten up , what do you say ? it 's just a game ? Frank look at ramirez and stand to he full six foot four . frank what do you say ? ramirez I say lighten up . it 's just a game and he 's just a kid . frank he 's my kid . ramirez great . so why do not we let we kid have a good time . come on , I will buy you a beer . frank I do not need you to buy I a fuckin ' beer , you piece of shit . and you stick you face in my business again and I will beat the live fuck out of you . what do you say to that ? angle on - ramirez there be not a trace of ramirez here at all . it be pure carlos . frank what be you smilin ' at , asshole ? ramirez ( very quiet ) a dead man ... but before ramirez can move , we hear : maura ( o.s. ) annibal ... please ! ramirez turn . maura be there beside he . maura annibal please . let 's go sit down . frank good idea , annabelle . you ol ' lady just save you ass . maura annibal ... please ... please ... maura tug at ramirez 's arm and Frank smirk . ramirez cage the monster inside and turn with maura . as he turn , Frank turn to Tyler as if he cannot believe the boy be still there . frank what be you doin ' stand here ?! you be suppose to be over there with you team ! now move ! the boy hesitates . Frank rear back he arm to hit he . frank I say ... but before Frank can complete the sentence and strike he child , ramirez come fly through the air with a kick plant straight to Frank 's head . it be sudden and violent and brutal . he come down and with one side - kick , " knee - cap " Frank , which be to say he hit the top of Frank 's kneecap and break it so that it be down around he shin . Frank start to drop but before he can , ramirez grab he ear and bring he head down into he own swiftly rise knee . the result be devastating and Frank 's nose be now all across he face . blood be everywhere and ramirez do it again . now the object be Frank 's tooth , so that when he head come off of ramirez 's knee , he mouth be a mass of blood as well . in slow motion , ramirez turn and see he son who stare in horror at what he father have just do . at the same time , maura be up and grab onto ramirez . ramirez however be not do . Frank be completely defenseless now and ramirez lean he back across he knee , pull he by the hair expose he throat like that of a sacrificial lamb about to be slaughter . this time instead of a knife , it will be a karate chop from ramirez which will crush Frank 's windpipe and kill he . but before he can deliver the blow , maura grab he arm . he turn to she , almost about to hit she or throw she off and the two of they be face to face as ramirez look from she to he son and realize how deep into the abyss he have plunge . ext . STREET near ballpark - norfolk , VA - day a ambulance be receive what be leave of Frank on a gurney as ramirez be lead away in handcuffs to a squad car . CUT to : int . police station - maryland - day the cell 's metal door scrape as it open . the police captain motion to ramirez to follow he . moving lead ramirez through a number of corridor , the Captain stop at a close door . captain ( open the door ) he 's all yours . remain outside he motion ramirez to enter . int . room - police station - day ramirez enter and see Jack who smile he cynical smile . jack Little League , huh ? tough game . ramirez what be you do here ? jack it 's show time . ext . police station - maryland - day - rain ramirez exit with Jack and start across the street in the rain . ramirez I get to have time to think it over . jack there be not any time . he 's on he way to East Berlin . we have word he 's plan another attack in Europe . he will be there maybe four day at the most . ramirez stop dead right in the middle of the street . the traffic swirl around they . ramirez hey , I do not know what to do anymore , okay ? I almost kill some little kid 's father today . I do not know about anything anymore . jack hey , he be a baseball dad . he deserve it . besides , from what I hear he kid be out , so what 's the beef ? ramirez I do not know if I could come back from it again . jack what happen to I want the son of a bitch dead ? you think carlos have have a change of heart and turn nice all of a sudden ? ramirez do not tell I about carlos , Jack . I know exactly who carlos be . I know a hell of a lot better than you do . but , maybe there 's more important thing to I , like keepin ' from goin ' crazy ... like gettin ' back to bein ' I instead of I bein ' some kind of fuckin ' maniac . jack you want to get back to bein ' you ? then finish it . kill he . kill he and he 's dead and it 's over with . you walk away from it now and what do you think you be gonna be like the next time you read that that son of a bitch blow up some airplane full of woman and kid . ramirez hey , the guy deserve to be dead . I know that . jack this be not abstract , annibal . you be walkin ' around with he face . sooner or later one of the bad guy be gonna see it like koj do , and next time amo will not be there to take the bullet for you . carlos do not forget . you help I get he or you be never gonna know when he 's comin ' after you ... listen to I kid . I do not have any friend , no family , no nothin' . the only relationship I ever have that matter to I be with the people I kill . but I ... I fuck create you ! you can not just walk away now . ramirez you do create I , do not you ... from the beginning ... that kid in the hospital in Bethesda ... when I be suppose to be the doctor ... it be all bullshit , be not it ? all a act ... there be a long pause . Jack turn cold as ice . jack this do not have anything to do with you and I . it 's you and carlos . you help I kill he ... or I swear to you ... I will make sure he know about you ... I will use you for bait . you and you whole fuckin ' family too . ramirez grab he and throw he against a park car . he begin choke Jack . he may well kill he . though ramirez do not see it at first , Jack 's gun be already out . Jack nudge ramirez in the stomach with it . Jack be choke , unable to speak , but the gun be speak for he . jack huh ? huh ? ramirez look down and see the gun and loosen he grip . jack you want to try and kill I , that do not solve you problem , pally . you have get a carlos problem . that 's the guy you have get to kill . that 's what it 's all about now ... you ... and you family ... or he . int . ramirez home - kitchen - virginia - night ramirez be there alone with maura . they be in mid-argument . maura no ! I will not let you do it ! you be not go back to that sub ! it 's change you ... you need help , annibal . you could get some kind of stress disability or ... suddenly , ramirez bellow and slam he hand down on the counter . ramirez enough ! maura be shocked by the sudden violence in he . maura no , not enough . whatever be go on out there with you job ... ramirez with my job !? what do you think my job be , maura ... huh ? what do you think be out there ? a nice , pretty safe little world with shopping mall and little league and ballet lesson . you sit here in you little kitchen and cook you little meal ... he look at she almost in disgust . she see the look and slap he . faster than she could ever have consider , he slap she and send she back into the wall . she hold she cheek . he be a inch away from she face and now he be about to show she carlos , to become he in front of she . ramirez people be kill people out there ! jackal be lick up they blood wait for the next corpse to drop ... and I be one of they . you get that ? do you get that now ?! he speak very quietly , pull the curtain aside , take off the mask and let she see the full horror . ramirez I have murder people . not safe and clean and surgical fire a missile from some ship , but close and with my hand so they blood splatter on I ... so they brain splatter on I . and they be not the enemy , maura ... they be ally . they be on we side . it be just to keep a cover ... I have betrayed everything I ever believe in . I have betrayed you ... I have fuck other woman ... I have kill man ... there be a woman I would have kill but I just run out of time . I have let friend die ... I have become a terrorist ... and I have make you and the child a target . do you understand what I be say to you ? do you see I now ? do you see the monster ? there 's another one worse than I and he be out there and he will kill you and the child if I do not kill he first ... . that 's my job , maura . and if you do not mind , I be late for work . ext . west berlin - day - establishing shot super : west berlin - JULY , 1987 ext . berlin wall - looking into east berlin - day we be on the rampart on the top of the Berlin Wall . this be platform from which people can stand and look into East Berlin , they be cover with graffiti to the East Germans , let my people go , that sort of thing . they look down over they dingy wall that divide the city mark with machine gun nest and observation post . Jack stand there with ramirez . jack we use a double agent to get word to the Russians that carlos be really here to close he deal with we and not to plan a new attack in Europe . he have a new girlfriend ... he 's be fuck she brain out since he get here . he have she bring over every night in a limo . you will be drop near the mansion ... as soon as she go in , you make as if you be sneaking out ... the Russians will be watch . you will go to the meet . it 's at that beer hall , there ... see ? you see it ? ramirez locate the beer hall through he binocular . ramirez get it . jack you go to the meet at the beer hall . play it out ... let them take you picture ... then you have get to get back . they be go to have to analyze the picture and see through you disguise before they can authorize a hit . they will not be able to do that before you be able to get back to the mansion . at twenty - one fifteen a volga with diplomatic plate , DC - four-five - nine - two will come by the northeast corner of the compound . it will slow down ... you jump in . if you can not make it for any reason , there will be another run at exactly twenty - one forty - five . it 's you only ticket out so do not be late . ramirez who do I meet ? who 's my contact ? jack I ... my ass be on the line too . ramirez who care ? this be not you and I . it 's I and he . if the Russians do not go for the bait for any reason ... jack if the Russians do not go for the bait for any reason you will have get out of there at twenty - one fifteen per order . ramirez if the Russians do not go for the bait for any reason , I will go in there and kill he myself . and if I be still alive I might just come look for you . ext . carlo ' hideout - east berlin - late day super : weissen , east berlin through binoculars across a street with a tree-line divider , a large mansion surround by a ten-foot high brick wall . the mansion 's front window be heavily shutter , with little light filter through . nearby be a small lake . int . ivan and andrei be car - across from carlo ' hideout - late day Ivan look through binocular , stake out the mansion . he suddenly become agitate . ivan [ look ! ] andrei pick up he camera . through binoculars a man 's figure emerge stealthily from the shadow of the mansion 's back wall . zoom the blonde , bearded ramirez . andrei [ you think it 's he ? ] click , click , click ... the quick sound of the camera shutter . faintly we hear the sound of a motorbike start up . then we see ramirez on the motorbike head off . Ivan and andrei follow he at a distance . ext . road leading into east berlin - magic hour the kgb car fall in behind another car separate it from the motorbike and follow ramirez into town . he pass by giant steam pipe in the foreground as the kgb car follow . ext . road - east berlin - magic hour a tram wipe the screen to reveal ramirez , on he motorbike , follow by the kgb car . the landscape be desolate , with drab row-houses . ramirez get to a red light . as it turn green he see the kgb car in he mirror . he jam across the street , just barely fitting in between two criss-crossing streetcar . Ivan and Andre lose sight of ramirez . ext . STREET - east berlin - dusk Ivan and Andre shoot forward and then slow , as they spot ramirez buy a newspaper at a newstand . angle on - ramirez he hold he motorcycle helmet in he hand , and use it as a mirror , he see the kgb car in its reflection . satisfied that they have catch up with he again , he walk across the street to the beer hall . int . Beer hall - dusk the large bierstube be crowded , noisy and envelop in a thick cloud of cigarette smoke . its lively , at time rowdy clientele be in various stage of intoxication . as the loud , oom - pah- pah - pah band play popular german music , that who be not too busy eat , talk , or empty liter - size beer stein , sing along . on ramirez Fighting the crowd , he head for the back of the beer hall , look for he contact . on ivan and andrei enter the place , they pretend to be camera-carry Russian tourist . a common sight in East Berlin . on ramirez he stop and stare . ramirez' Pov through the jam pack , the profile of a man , with a tyrol hat who sit along the back wall . busy eat , he seem totally oblivious to the hoopla around he . we can not really see he face . on ramirez as he cautiously approach what he think be Jack . it be not he . there be a sudden look of panic on he face and then he spot Jack also in the same kind of hat . lift he head , and turn to face ramirez , we too recognize he . under the hat , and the new heavy eyebrow and mustache , be ... Jack . he smile , take off he hat , and motion he quest to sit down . on andrei ( through ivan' camera ) he 's pose with a giant stein . a slight shift of focus and we can see ramirez . Jack , however , be hide by the waiter 's back . then , the waiter move on . zoom a clear , unobstructed picture of Jack and ramirez up close . click , click , click , click , click ... the rapid clicking stop only when the view of the two be block again by other people . ext . STREET outside Beer hall - dusk ramirez emerge from the beer hall . he head back to he motorbike . angle second later , the two kgb come out . this time , only andrei take after ramirez . Ivan get into a taxi which head in a opposite direction . CUT to : ext . STREET outside mansion - night reaching the mansion , ramirez discreetly steal he way toward its back wall . then , just as slyly as he earlier have materialize , he disappear . on vladimir at he post watch ramirez vanish into the mansion wall . ext . ramirez' hiding place - near mansion - night he lie in the thick bush , completely obscure from anyone 's view and now he remove the blond wig and the rest of he disguise . underneath he " disguise " clothes , he be wear a pair of black jeans and black T-shirt . he look exactly like carlos now . production note : it be important to understand what be go on here . the real carlo have not dyed he hair blond . this be not the reason for ramirez putting on a blond wig . the logic here be that if the " real carlo " be in fact go to a meet with a CIA agent , he would have put on such a disguise to make sure he be not spotted by the russian . int . black volga - east berlin - night Jack take off he disguise as he drive the volga to the appoint corner of carlos ' compound . he look at he watch . read : 9:15 as he slow the car to a crawl . jack ( to himself ) come on ... come on ... ext . ramirez' hiding place - near mansion - night ramirez watch as Jack cruise by . ramirez not till he 's dead , Jack . not till he 's dead . int . black volga - east berlin - night Jack see that ramirez be not go to show . jack shit . int . kgb headquarters - east berlin - night close on monitor screen a head shot of ramirez in he latest blond , bearded disguise . grainy and blurred at first , it 's gradually be bring into sharp focus . pull back to reveal a group of men closely watch the screen of a impressive , state - of - the - art computer . we recognize only one of they . andrei . at the computer 's sophisticated keyboard -- manipulate the image on the screen -- be two technician in white overall . right behind they stand the head kgb Officer from Moscow and he aide . head kgb officer ( order the technician ) [ now carlos . ] on screen it bisect , to allow a picture of the real jackal ( the split image of ramirez ) to appear on the right half of the screen . back to scene the head kgb Officer put on he glass and take a closer look at the monitor . head kgb officer [ the beard and moustache . ] one of the two technician toy with the keyboard . close - screen the beard and moustache on ramirez ' disguise image slowly disappear . the two face look very similar . close - screen a huge nose cover the entire leave half of the screen . zoom the upper part of the nose only . and ... the incriminate hairline where the bogus schnoz have be superimpose on the real one . technician ( o.s. ) [ the nose be a fake . ] head kgb officer [ Match the nose . and get rid of this wig ...] as the aquiline nose assume the shape of the jackal 's -- the hair change both color and form to match he -- the two face on the screen become identical . head kgb officer [ have you identify the one he be meeting with ? ] technician [ his name be Jack Shaw . CIA counterterrorism . ] the head kgb Officer turn to he aide . head kgb officer [ get I the mfs on the secure phone . I want they out of the way . ] ext . mansion - night on mansion gate it open slowly . one by one , a half dozen mfs -- include the two we have see earlier -- sneak out . just as furtively , armed kgb -- lead by the head kgb Officer and he aide move in through the still - open door . ext . ramirez' hiding place - near mansion - night he watch the kgb man enter the compound . ramirez ( sotto voce ) do not blow it comrade ... kill he . int . mansion meeting no resistance on the ground floor -- whose security apparently have be the task of the mfs -- the intruder climb the open , spiral staircase . they move cautiously , silencer - equip weapon in hand . angle reaching the upper floor , they hear the muffle sound of rhythmic music come from the far end of the hallway to they right . the head kgb Officer motion he aide to move into the corridor to they leave . he do , take three kgb with he . four other -- include andrei and Ivan -- follow the head kgb Officer into the hallway to they right . int . hallway it 's long , with several room on each side . as Vladimir move gingerly into the first one , Ivan cover he from the door . int . room illuminate only by the light which filter through the open door , the room be quite dark . a faint sound of snoring reach andrei from the bed close to the door . quickly there , he arm go up . then , for a split second , the flash of metal as the knife come down hard . the victim 's last murmur . follow by the SOUND of movement at the other bed . angle in the beam of Ivan 's flashlight , a waking japanese be reach for he gun . pffft. pfffft . and he too fall back to sleep . eternally . int . another room - mansion two more japanese in the midst of a go game meet the same fate . a burst from head kgb Officer 's automatic finish they off . int . hallway and other room - mansion do away with several more of carlos ' multinational gang , the five kgb finally reach the room with the large , heavy french door at the end of hallway . int . outside carlo ' bedroom quietly approach the carve - wood door , a kgb try the knob . the door be lock . suddenly , the pulsate latin beat which emanate continuously from behind the door , stop . on head kgb officer he 's startle by the sudden silence . head kgb officer ( whisper ) [ Quick ! Quick ! ] not waste any time , andrei and Ivan kick the door open . dive to the side , they cover the other two kgb who storm in with they kalashnikovs very much at the ready . int . carlo ' bedroom - mansion on carlo ' bed the voluptuous blonde -- she body glaze with post - coitus sweat -- be paralyze with fear ; cover she prize asset seem the last thing on she mind . she gape at the kgb marauder with wide , blue eye . not so , ramirez 's look -alike . caught reach from under the sheet to replace the tape in the stereo by the bed , he instinctively try for he gun . on head kgb officer stand at the door . his automatic no longer have a silencer . head kgb officer ( sarcastic ) do not even think about it . it would deprive the kgb of the pleasure of interrogate you . on carlo surprisingly , he seem quite relieved . carlo kgb ? I think ... back to scene head kgb officer what ? that we be you new friend ... the CIA ... Jack Shaw ... carlo Jack Shaw ...? head kgb officer stop play game . and it 's no use look behind I ... you associate can no longer be of assistance . not to you , not to anyone ... carlo ( angry ) comrade , you would getter have a explanation -- head kgb officer you have get it all wrong , illich . it 's you who have all the explain to do ... now get dress ! ( to the blonde ) you too , fraulein . carlo my pants ... the head kgb Officer motion to andrei , who throw carlos he pants -- but not before check to make sure there 's no weapon in they . he then hand the blonde -- who finally hide she bazoom behind a sheet -- she clothes . carlo ( continue ; get dress ) that 's what be go on in Libya . the CIA ... the dst ... they be try to set I up and you be fall for it , you idiot ! head kgb officer enough . we tail you to you meeting . we have the picture of you with Shaw . carlo that 's impossible . I have be here all night . ( point to the blonde ) ask her. ( to the blonde ) tell he . on blonde she 's put stocking on a pair of leg that could distract even the most commit kgb . blonde ( in a voice match she look ) it 's true . all night ... head kgb officer ( unimpress ) we know about you woman ... now hurry up , both of you ! on ivan and vladimir with kalashnikovs still train on carlos , they seem unable to resist steal glance at the blonde . carlo ( to head kgb Officer ) I will prove it to you . you will be plead for my forgiveness . let 's just go . I want to be interrogate . I demand to be interrogate . he seem truly eager to leave with they now , as if confident he can prove he case . dress , with the exception of a jacket , he casually grab one which lie on a nearby chair . head kgb officer wait ! too late . the scorpion machine - pistol be already out , spout deadly accurate fire . he kill the head kgb Officer first , then ... on kgb they drop like fly , they bullet hit everything but he . on blonde hysterical , she scream she healthy lung out . int . hallway - mansion suddenly there 's the sound of approaching step . the kgb be down the corridor , rush to the bedroom , lead by the aide . on carlo he do not hesitate . firing a few round at they , he sprint toward the window and literally fly through its shatter glass . ext . mansion - tree - night ramirez lie in some bush about fifty yard from the house , dress in the black jeans and T-shirt . he hear the gunfire from the mansion . ramirez what the fuck ? ext . mansion courtyard it 's a dark night , and only a few dim light illuminate the rather large back yard . on carlo landing in a bed of flower , he roll , and be quickly on he foot with the machine - pistol in hand . on two armed kgb secure the courtyard , they rush to the spot where , apparently , they would see he land . carlos , however , be no longer there . angle glue to the back of a tree , the jackal cut they down with one short burst and go for the kgb who appear at the break window . as they take cover , he quickly confiscate a kalashnikov from the dead kgb close to he and make it to the high wall which encircle the place . carlos climb over the wall with the kalashnikov and drop outside the compound to the grass below . angle on ramirez in the grass he see to he horror that carlos be get away . he be ready to scream , go crazy . he have no gun , he would not stand a chance against carlos , but there be no way he be go to let he get away , no way . he look around for a rock ... anything . there be nothing . carlos turn he back . ramirez see he chance , he get up on one knee ready to make he move when suddenly he see two more kgb guy come run around the wall of the compound . angle on ramirez he mouth the word : ramirez kill he ... kill he ... angle on carlo he whirl and fire at the two kgb who fall . angle on ramirez he can not believe it . carlos be get away ? angle on carlo he suddenly get a look as if he feel someone 's presence . his eye open wide and he start to turn when ramirez come fly out of the darkness and leap on carlos . the two be dress exactly alike . carlos be hit from behind and be stunne and drop the assault rifle . ramirez have carlos down and be choke he . carlos look up at he more shocked than anything else . finally carlos manage to break the grasp and kick ramirez off . now it be a dazzle display of martial art . then ramirez charge carlos and tackle he and the two go roll off into the bush and darkness . when they roll out of the bush we have no idea which one be which or who we should be root for . just then Jack 's volga drive up at the side . angle on the two carlose they roll over onto the body of two dead kgb . there be a kalashnikov on the ground point into the carlos on the bottom 's side . the carlos who be on top manage to get he finger over to the trigger and pull it send a burst into the carlos on the bottom 's body . just then the carlos on top look up and see Jack stand over he with a gun point at he ready to shoot . in b.g. we hear car with siren approach . the carlos on top look over to Jack who be ready to shoot he . carlo on top do not shoot . it 's I you asshole ! Jack just stare at he and then lower he gun . jack let 's get the fuck out of here . he turn around and start to get into the volga . the carlos on top , whom we just think be ramirez bend down and reach for the dead kgb 's pistol . angle on jack he get that sixth sense feel and turn around , he gun raise and point at the man whose hand be now on the pistol . be it carlos or ramirez , who be stand there with pistol in hand almost turn to Jack but still at a disadvantage in this mexican stand off . jack have you come look for I now , annibal ? the man with the pistol what the fuck be you talk about ... jack awfully warm for this time of year be not it ? the man with the pistol know this be a password of some kind and the look on he face betray the fact that he do not have a answer . Jack be just about to shoot he when a burst of machine gun fire be hear from the approach car and it rip into the tree next to Jack who dive for cover . that act of self - preservation give the man we now realize be the real carlos the chance he need . with catlike grace he dive , roll and vanish into the shadow . he have get away and Jack have to decide whether to go after he quarry or rescue he friend . he opt for the latter , scoops up annibal and throw he into the volga and speed off as car approach from the other side . ext . bethesda naval hospital - day - establishing int . private room - bethesda naval hospital - day ramirez be in bed , hook up to all the monitor and tube and ivs but he be go to make it . Jack be there with he , have just enter . ramirez any word ? jack how you feel ? ramirez do he get away ? Jack nod he head . ramirez almost break down in tear . Jack cross to he to comfort he . ramirez then it be all for nothing ... the whole thing . jack no it be not . he 's finish . the kgb buy it . as far as they be concerned , he 's the enemy now . he will bounce around from one country to the next . but he paymaster have disown he . none of they client state will risk use he . no one will trust he again . he will spend the rest of he life look over he shoulder wait to be betrayed . and it will happen ... sooner or later ... when it 's to some country 's advantage ... they will give he up or they will trade he . he 's finish . it work and he 's finish . ramirez not for I he be not ... there be still two of we ... ext . military hospital - day a car pull up at the hospital and maura get out and enter the hospital . dissolve to : int . ramirez' room - day maura be there with ramirez . he be in mid-conversation with she . we do not know how long she 's be there . he open he eye . maura be it over ? ramirez no . she cross to he and gently take he hand in hers . ramirez you have to make a new life for yourself and the child . maura no . ramirez maura , anytime I start a car I will wonder if this be the one that explode . I could not bear the think of you and the child be in that danger . he will want I and everyone I have ever love to be dead . trust I ... I know how he think because it 's the way I think now too . I be so ... sorry . I be so sorry ... maura look at he implore he with she eye . maura I will not leave you . ramirez maura , when my father be put into prison he tell my mother to take I and leave and start a new life . that 's what you have get to do . maura you be not in prison and I be not you mother and I will not leave you . I will not let he do this to we . not he ... not the CIA ... not anyone . ramirez he will come after I . maura get I a gun and teach I to shoot and he will have to deal with both of we . this animal will not destroy my family . please ... come home . dissolve to : ext . ramirez home - virginia - day we hear a phone ring and it be pick up . maura ( o.s. ; thru phone ) hello ... we hear the voice of a friend of hers name grace . grace ( o.s. ; thru phone ) hi ... listen , do you and annibal want to come over with the kid for a barbeque this afternoon ? maura ( o.s. ; thru phone ) uh sure , I think ... but could I call you back later ? we be just about to go to church . annibal and the kid be already in the car . grace ( o.s. ; thru phone ) okay , call I when you get back . maura ( o.s. ; thru phone ) great . talk to you later . bye bye . we hear the phone hang up . we hear the sound of a door open and close that lead into the garage from the house . we hear the sound of a car door open . and then the key turn in a ignition . and then the door be blow off the garage as we see the ramirez family car burst into a inferno and blaze away inside the garage in a fiery blast which would kill one and all instantly . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day the cemetery be set up for a funeral . there be various navy officer and they family in the chair . at the back of it all stand Jack wear sunglass , he face a mask into which it be impossible to read any emotion of any kind . there be four grave and four coffin , two adult -size and two small one . Admiral Crawford address the mourner . crawford how do one even begin to comprehend a tragedy like this . a highly respected Naval officer return from six month of hazardous duty . he have escape the danger we all come to know in the service of we country . he be about to go to church with he beloved family and in a instant ... they be no more . they be with God . we mind cannot comprehend such tragedy ... only a undy faith in the almighty a faith that say even though we can not see it , there be a plan . that and the knowledge that as in life , so for eternity be they together ... angle on jack he whisper to himself as he take off he sunglass . jack now you be free . dissolve to : ext . ST . martin - day it be a beautiful island community with cluster of villas overlook a magnificent coastline . a postal truck wind its way towards one of the house . the postman get out of he truck and cross to the door of the house . he knock on the door . the door open ... it be ramirez ... or carlos ... we do not know which . he wear short and a shirt . postman mister mendoza ? mendoza yes . postman special delivery letter for you sir . the postman hand the man a envelope . he sign for it and open the envelope . it be a newspaper clipping ... angle on the newspaper clipping the headline be : naval officer and family kill in fiery crash . there be a handwritten note attach . it say , " Rest in peace . " postman not bad news I hope . mendoza someone ... die . postman I be so sorry . mendoza this guy 's better off dead . postman no one be better off dead I think . mendoza some people be . he tip the postman and close the door . int . house - ST . martin - day mendoza cross into the house hold the newspaper clipping . he take a cigarette lighter and burn it and across he face there be a hint of a smile ... a very cold smile . he cross out to the veranda . down on the beach below , we see maura and the baby and joey play . joey poppi ... come down and play with we . we now know the man be ramirez . he walk down the step of he house to the beach to he wife and he child as we : dissolve to : ext . medical build - sudan - day we super the follow : sudan 1994 two bodyguard type wait outside the building at the entrance . a old man who walk with a cane and whose face be horribly disfigure by burn hobble in to the medical building . he pass a plaque on the wall that say in English and Arabic : dr . wasfi muhammed , M.D. ; phd. cosmetic and plastic surgery we super the following : no further act of terrorism be ever attribute to carlo again . he move to yemen , then jordan , then syria and finally to the sudan . int . rest room - medical build - sudan - day the old man lock the door and stand in front of the mirror . he pull off the burn makeup and scalp wig and we see that he be carlos . several year older , but unmistakable . he take off the old man 's clothes and stuff they in a trash can and underneath he wear the black jeans and T-shirt . then he straighten up and exit the rest room . int . corridor between restroom and dr .'s office - medical bldg . - day carlos walk down the corridor and enter the medical suite of Doctor wasfi muhammed . there be a plaque on the door which say , dr . wasfi muhammed , M.D. , phd , cosmetic and plastic surgery . int . dr . muhammed' office - surgery suite - day this be a surgery suite complete with gas anesthetic , a kind of high - tech barber chair that recline for full surgery , gleam scalpel , etc . dr . mohammed be there with carlos . the Doctor be hastily wash he hand . dr . muhammed you be quite early . I be not expect you for another half a hour . carlo I like to be unannounced . it 's safer that way . dr . muhammed yes , yes , of course . if you will just have a seat . I have do everything as you say . my assistant have be let go for the day . I will administer the anesthetic myself . I assure you sir , you be completely safe here . he turn around to look into the barrel of carlos ' draw and cocked .38 automatic . carlo I know . ext . medical build - sudan - day the scene be as before . the two bodyguard stand watch . suddenly a car pull up . another bodyguard get out and out of this car step carlos . the bodyguard acknowledge he as he enter the building . int . dr . muhammed' office - surgery suite - day carlos lean back in the surgery chair . there be a iv attach to he arm . a Doctor in a surgical mask stand over he . doctor feeling drowsy now ? carlo yes ... doctor would you like to see what you new face be go to look like when we be do ? carlo yes ... of course . doctor it 's go to look just like this ... he pull down he surgical mask and carlos look up at he own face . it be ramirez . he hold carlos , who struggle against the anaesthetic . suddenly , a second pair of hand grab carlos as well . it be Jack . ext . rear of medical build - sudan - day a ambulance be pull up at the rear entrance and two attendant push a gurney out of the building with a patient whose face be cover by a oxygen mask . the two attendant push the gurney into the ambulance and race off . carlo be finally arrested in the sudan and flown to FRANCE to stand trial in august of 1994 . as the ambulance pull off with its siren blaring , we continue with the crawl : intelligence source believe he be traded to the french by the sudanese government in a bid to obtain western aid . there be rumor that two retired CIA agent planned and execute he capture . the end