hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy written by Douglas Adams base on the book " the hitchhiker guide to the galaxy " by Douglas Adams revision by karey kirkpatrick 8/8/03 3rd revise draft 1 2 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 over darkness ... 1 ... we hear what we will come to know as the voice of the guide . guide voice it be a important and popular fact that thing be not always what they seem . a small square image appear on screen . Home video . the dolphin stadium at Sea World . guide voice ( cont 'd ) for instance , on the planet Earth , man have always assume that he be the most intelligent species occupy the planet , instead of the third most intelligent which be , in fact , entirely accurate . the dolphin perform ; leaping through hoop , etc . guide voice ( cont 'd ) the second most intelligent creature be , of course , dolphin who curiously enough have long know of the impending destruction of the planet Earth . they have make many attempt to alert mankind to the danger , but most of they communication be misinterpreted as amusing attempt to punch football or whistle for tidbit , so they eventually decide they would leave Earth by they own mean . they leap madly , desperately . Higher and higher ... guide voice ( cont 'd ) the last ever dolphin message be misinterpreted as a surprisingly sophisticated attempt to do a double - backward somersault through a hoop while whistling the " Star - spangle Banner " but in fact the message be this ... " so long and thanks for all the fish . " title roll - ( full screen 35 mm image ) dolphin leap over and interact with the open title . breathtake somersault , back flip , choreograph to a buzby berkley - style song call , " so long and thanks for all the fish . " we end with a wide shot of all the dolphin jump out of the top of frame , but they never come back down . tilt up to a starry night sky - the dolphin have vanish . end title as night turn to morning , we hear click , then ... voice on radio ... as well as Sea World Orlando and San Diego report they dolphin have mysteriously disappear overnight . CUT to : 2 3 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 int . arthur denta bedroom - morning 2 close on the clock radio from which the voice emanate . a hand shut it off . arthur dent be awake . 30' . kind face . his foot land perfectly in slipper as he stand and shuffles out of he very neat but very boring room . 3 in the bathroom - Arthur gargle in front of the mirror . 3 he bend over to spit revealing a yellow bulldozer through the window , crawl toward he house . a tea kettle whistle o.s . 4 int . arthur denta kitchen - continuous 4 Arthur set the newspaper ( with the headline " dolphins vanish " ) on the table , remove the kettle . do not notice through the window 3 more large yellow bulldozer . he pour a cup of tea , set the pot down next of he mobile phone . he pick it up , stare at a digital photo on the screen of himself and a very pretty woman ( tricia ) at a costume party . he press the phone to he head as if it be a cold compress . suddenly , there 's a loud rumbling o.s . the tea cup rattle . Arthur look out the window . now he see the bulldozer . the tea cup shatter on the floor . CUT to : 5 ext . arthur denta house - morning 5 Arthur , dress in pajamas and robe , lie in the dirt in front of a bulldozer , block it from destroy he house . he yell into he mobile phone . arthur ( into phone ) what do you mean he 's go out to lunch ? you just say he be still at breakfast ! mr. prosser , a bureaucrat , lean over he . prosser come off it , Mr. dent . you can not lie in front of the bulldozer forever . arthur I be game . we will see who rust first . prosser this bypass have get to be build and it 's go to be build . you should have make you protest month ago . arthur the first I hear of it be when a workman come yesterday . I ask if he would come to clean the window , and he say he would come to demolish the house . he do not tell I right away of course . first he wipe a couple of window and charge I twenty quid . then he tell I . ( continued ) 5 4 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 continued : 5 the bulldozer driver , look guilty , duck behind the steering wheel . prosser remove plan from he briefcase . prosser look . this plan have be on display at the plan office now for a year . arthur on display ? I have to go down to a cellar ! prosser that 's the display department . arthur I eventually find they in the bottom of a lock filing cabinet in a disus lavatory with a sign on the door say ' beware of the leopard ' . prosser Mr. dent , have you any idea how much damage that bulldozer would suffer if I just let it roll straight over you ? arthur how much ? prosser none at all . ford ( o.s. ) ( american accent ) Arthur ! Arthur and prosser turn to see a man crest a hill , push a shopping cart which be fill with beer and bag of peanut . this be ford prefect . wiry , intense . as he head downhill , he leap up and ride the cart down towards Arthur 's house -- like a kid in a supermarket . he roll right past Arthur and the bulldozer . arthur Ford ? he leap off , drag the cart to a full stop . ford Arthur ! there you be . here drink and eat with I . we need to talk . arthur er , um ... now 's not the best time , Ford they be go to demolish my home , ford whoa . you already know ? how ? Arthur simply motion to the bulldozer . ( continued ) 5 5 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 continued : ( 2 ) 5 ford ( cont 'd ) oh . when you say " they " you mean they . get it . listen , I gotta tell you something important , and I gotta tell you now . arthur but what about my house ? Ford look to prosser who be confer with the bulldozer driver . he push the cart over to he . arthur - watch as Ford gesture to prosser who wave he hand and the all the ' dozer engine die . the bulldozer driver step down , start drink the beer and eat the peanut . Ford return to Arthur . ford c'mon . let 's go to the pub . he say they will not destroy you house until they have finish the beer . arthur can we trust he ? ford I would trust he to the end of the Earth . arthur and how far 's that ? ford about twelve minute away . CUT to : 6 int . village pub - midday 6 Ford and Arthur enter the half - full pub . Ford hurry to the bar . Arthur follow , cell phone to he ear . ford six pint of bitter . and quickly . the world 's about to end . barman oh yes , sir ? Nice weather for it . he start to pull pint . Ford shove bar peanut into he pocket while Arthur shout into he phone ... arthur well , when do he get back from lunch ? or be he go straight out for tea ?! he shut the phone , sit , look forlorn . arthur ( cont 'd ) this be shaping up to be a crap day . ( continued ) 6 6 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 continued : 6 ford it 's about to get a lot crappier . barman there you be , six pint . Ford slap down a £ 50 note . the barman 's impressed . ford keep the change . you have get ten minute to spend it . Ford push three pint in front of Arthur . arthur Three ? at lunchtime ? ford time be a illusion . lunchtime doubly so . arthur very deep . you should send that in to the reader 's digest . they have get a page for people like you . ford drink up . arthur why three pint ? ford muscle relaxant . ( grab more peanut ) and eat this . you will need the salt . arthur what 's go on . Ford ? ford what would you say if I tell you I be not really from guilford but from a small planet somewhere in the vicinity of eetelgeuse ? arthur why , be it the sort of thing you be likely to say ? ford remember when we meet ? that car be racing toward I , I be try to greet it , you push I out of the way ? 7 7 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 quick CUT to a STREET - mid-day 7 Ford stand in the middle of the road , extend a hand to a fast approach car . Arthur drop he shopping , dive at he and tackle he out of the way as the car zoom past . ( 6 cont ) back to ford in the pub : ( 6 cont ) ford do not you find it a little strange that I be try to shake hand with a car ? arthur I assume you be drunk . ford ( shaking he head ) I think car be the dominant life form . I be try to introduce myself . arthur and that 's why you be name after a discontinue car from the seventies ? ford ( nodd ) you save my life that day . now I be save yours . Arthur just stare at he , then turn to he beer . arthur this must be Thursday . I never could get the hang of thursdays . ford look , if it 's about you house ... arthur no , it 's not that . it 's .... he show Ford the photo of he and tricia on he phone . arthur ( cont 'd ) I find she . Ford . the perfect girl . I find she , and then I let she get away . you remember that fancy dress party I tell you about ? ford this be not a long story , be it ? we have only get six minute . Arthur shake he head . Ford check he watch . ( continued ) 6 8 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 continued : ( 2 ) 6 ford ( cont 'd ) okay . talk and drink . Fancy dress party . arthur at that flat in islington . I tell you about it . last week , remember ? flashback to : 8 int . islington flat - night 8 crowd flat . everyone be in costume . loud music blare . arthur ( v.o. ) I can not bear that sort of party , do not want to go , would have much rather stay home and , I do not know , brush the dog . anything . but there I be -- and then , there she be ... Arthur , dress in safari attire complete with pith helmet , sit off to the side , observe , look miserable . tricia ( o.s. ) who be you ? Arthur look up . tricia mcmillan be dress in a mid 19th century mens suit with mutton chop sideburn and be hold a taxidermy beagle -- and she still look beautiful . Arthur , ever the gentleman , stand . arthur I be Arthur . Arthur dent . tricia no , I mean who be you ? arthur oh , the costume . right. er , um ... ( sheepishly tipping he hat ) Livingston , I presume . ( point to she attire ) grant . not as clever as darwin , but the best I could do on short notice . tricia you be the first person who 's get it right . everyone keep call I sherlock . arthur really ? I think the beagle make it rather obvious . ( continued ) 8 9 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 continued : 8 arthur really ? I think the beagle make it rather obvious . he pet the dog . she smile . he smile back . 9 a camera flash flash . jump CUT to ... 9 the balcony -- Arthur have just take a digital photo of he and tricia on he cell phone . they look at the screen image and laugh . arthur ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she be amazing , Ford . witty , and beautiful , and brilliant . four or five degree . one in math , one in astrophysics , another in biology ... tricia I have get so many degree I be officially unemployable . let 's drink to that ! they clink they wine glass , take sip , continue to chat . arthur ( v.o. ) and just as I be ask myself , " why be this stun and intelligent woman even give I the time of day , out of nowhere she say ... tricia let 's go somewhere . arthur yeah . it be a bit noisy . there 's a lovely little cafe around the corner ... tricia I be think madagascar . arthur be that a new club on Dean Street ? tricia no . it 's a country . off the coast of Africa . arthur oh , that madagascar . right , off we go then . ( then realize ... ) good God , you be serious . ( continued ) 9 10 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 continued : 9 she nod . Arthur be not sure how to react . arthur ( cont 'd ) well ... that 's ... a extraordinary proposition . but ... I can not just up and go . what about my job ? tricia quit . get a new one when we return . arthur I can not just ... what about my house ? who would feed my dog ? tricia bring he with . arthur he 's a welsh collie . he would feel all out of place in madagascar . trillian force a smile , clearly disappointed . zaphod ( o.s. ) you do not want to go to madagascar . they both turn to face zaphod beeblebrox - very charming , extremely handsome - whose attire seem very " other worldly . " knee high boot , a yellow sash ... zaphod ( cont 'd ) hi. I be Zaphod beeblebrox , President of the galaxy -- of course , you probably already know that . I be head for a lose and distant planet . would you like to see my spaceship ? arthur ( v.o. ) I go to refresh we drink . when I come back , she be go . 10 ext . back ik the pub - continuous 10 Arthur stare into he beer , plague by this loss . arthur " would you like to see my spaceship ? " really , what sort of chat up line be that ? ford more popular than you would think . arthur I have leave message , send letter ... it 's like she 's vanish off the face of the earth . ( continued ) 11 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 10 continued : 10 ford hey , it happen . speak of ... ( pull a blink electronic device from he satchel ) we have get two minute . so drink up . there 's a roar of engine and a loud crash outside . Arthur and everyone else in the pub look up . arthur my house ! he run out . Ford rise , grab two handfuls of peanut from the bowl , toss the barman all the money in he pocket . ford a round for everyone , on I . barman you really think the world 's go to end ? ( Ford nod ) should not we lie down or put a bag over we head or something ? ford if you want . barman will it help ? ford not really . he give everyone in the bar a friendly salute , exit . barman last order , then ? 11 ext . STREET outside the pub - mid-day 11 Arthur run up the road towards he house which be be bulldoze . Ford stride casually behind in the distance . arthur stop ! stop , you bastard !! Arthur suddenly stop run and cover he ear as we hear the loudest rumble in motion picture history . 11a a gigantic yellow spaceship ( picture a concrete tower 11a block ) ) sweep overhead . Ford hit the deck . Arthur be blow sideways . tree be uproote . Ford rise and hurry to the rubble that be Arthur 's house . he dig around near the expose toilet and come up with -- a towel . he hurry to Arthur 's side . ( continued ) 1 12 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 1a continued : 11a another ship scream over , blow they down again . rain be knock out of the cloud and land in one big thwump ! everywhere be soak . arthur ( cont ' D} what the hell be that thing ?! ford ship from a vogon constructor fleet . I pick up they signal this morning . he show Arthur he blink sens-0 - matic device . ford { cont ' D} here . you will need this . he toss Arthur the towel . then , he remove a short black rod , he electronic thumb . he stick it out . 12 int . satellite tracking station 12 picture mission control in Houston . worker scramble . monitor line the wall show hundred of news report from around the globe ; panic , chaos and pandemonium . suddenly , there 's a loud hum through the speaker , follow by loud gargle and screeching . then ... jeltz {through speaker ) people of Earth , this be prostetnic vogon jeltz of the galactic hyperspace plan council . 13 int . a suburban breakfast room . continuous 13 a family at breakfast , baffle that they cutlery , bowl and glass resonate with the sound of jeltz 's voice . jeltz ( voice only ) as you be probably aware , plan for the development of the outly region of the galaxy involve the building of a hyperspace express route through you star system ... 14 ext . oxford STREET electronics store - continuous 14 several patron watch the wall of tv 's , all project a snowy , distort image . jeltz 's voice blare through the speaker . jeltz ... and , unfortunately , you planet be one of that schedule for demolition . the process will take slightly less than two of you Earth minute . thank you . through the window behind they , throng of people stampede down Oxford Street , scream . 1 13 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 ext . satellite tracking station 15 a technician speak urgently into a microphone while he co-worker watch the chaos on the monitor behind . technician hello ! can you hear we ? please respond ! 16 int . vogon constructor ship bridge - continuous 16 the vogon bridge be like a waterlogged old skoda . jeltz ( into the p.a. ) there 's no point in act all surprised about it . the plan and demolition order have be on display at you local plan office in Alpha centauri for fifty of you Earth year , so you have have plenty of time to lodge formal complaint . 17 ext . field by arthur' house . continuous 17 Ford grab hold of Arthur 's shirt , extend the thumb . 18 int . the pub . continuous 18 pull back from juke BOX . the pub seem desert . vogon captain ( through juke box ) what do you mean you have never be to Alpha centauri ? oh , for heaven 's sake mankind , it 's only four light year away you know . I be sorry , but if you can not be bother to take a interest in local affair that 's you own lookout . pull back farther - people lay on the ground with paper bag on they head . 19 int . vogon constructor ship bridge . -- continuous 19 jeltz turn . he 's large , green and walrusy . jeltz apathetic bloody planet , I have no sympathy at all . energize the demolition beam . one of he walrusy first officer push a yellow button . 20 big shot . from space . looking down on earth 20 as all the vogon ship simultaneously send down a beam of yellow light . glow fireballs travel down the beam toward Earth . on impact , they bore into the surface . jeltz ( o.s. ) detonate . ( continued ) 2 14 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 0 continued : 20 like a giant casino go down in Vegas , there be a few small explosion amd the earth implode . just collapse in on itself . go . the vogon ship slowly retreat in formation , leave nothing but darkness and star . 21 then a distant red glow appear . as it get nearer we 21 see that it say ... " the hitchhiker guide to the galaxy . " guide voice the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy be a wholly remarkable book ... the title draw nearer . we see that it sit on a electronic book with lot of button . guide voice ( cont 'd ) ... perhaps the most remarkable , certainly the most successful book ever to come out of the great publishing corporation of ursa minor . the book open revealing two screen . image appear . a star map , layer of data , caption , video , animation ... guide voice ( cont 'd ) more popular than the celestial home care omnibus , better sell than 53 more thing to do in zero gravity , and more controversial than oolon colluphid 's trilogy of philosophical blockbuster , where GOD went wrong , some more of god' greatest mistake , and who be this GOD person , anyway ? now the image rise up from the screen like holograph as the book " present itself " like some hi-tech infomercial . guide voice ( cont 'd ) in many of the more relaxed civilization on the Outer Eastern rim of the galaxy , the hitchhiker 's guide have already supplant the great encyclopedia galactica as the standard repository of all knowledge and wisdom . for though it have many omission , and contain much which be apocryphal , or at least wildly inaccurate , it score over the older , more pedestrian work in two important respects . first , it be slightly cheaper . and second , it have the word " don't panic " print in large friendly letter on its cover . the book close . the word " don't panic " appear just below the title , blink like a tacky diner marquee . pull back from the guide to find Arthur hold it , the blink light illuminate he very disorient face . 2 15 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 int . hold of vogon constructor ship - night 22 Arthur , in total shock , hold up the guide . arthur so you be not from guilford , which would explain the accent -- which I have always wonder about ... and you be not a out of work actor -- but rather a writer for this ... this ... book thing . Ford nod . Arthur rub he weary brow . arthur ( cont 'd ) I do not feel well . I need a cup of tea . Ford hand he a fistful of peanut . ford here . eat this . if you have never be through a transmat beam before you have probably lose some salt and protein . Arthur eat some peanut , sit up , squint . Ford feel he way around the room , look for something . arthur if I ask where we be would I regret ford we be safe . for now . arthur good . ford we be in a storage hold in one of the ship of the vogon constructor fleet ... arthur obviously some strange usage of the word safe I be not previously aware of . ford ( not get the sarcasm ) be it ? arthur tell I you be joke . ford okay . I be joke . arthur and do a reassure little laugh . Ford do a reassure little laugh . arthur ( cont 'd ) now tell I where we really be . ( continued ) 2 16 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : ( 2 ) 22 ford in the storage hold of a vogon constructor ship . Ford continue he search . Arthur 's breathe quicken . arthur get I home . Ford . ford Home ? Arthur ... you home ... be ... arthur oh God - it be demolish ! I have get to reach my lawyer ! he must be back from lunch by now ... he pull out he cell phone . desperately punch number . Ford flip on a light switch , revealing a messy chamber full of alien junk and old mattress . ford you do not remember , do you ? ( take he cell phone ) okay . I have get something to tell you . it be not gonna be easy , but you be gonna have to just deal , okay ? arthur good god . be this really the interior of a fly saucer ? ford yeah . why ? 23 shot : deep space . the vogon fleet in flight 23 arthur ( v.o. ) well , it 's a bit squalid be not it ? ford ( v.o. ) hey man , you be in denial . 24 int . vogon constructor ship bridge 24 jeltz consult one screen after another . at last he see Ford and Arthur . his walrusy eye narrow . 25 back in the sleeping quarter - minute later 25 arthur blown up ? blown up ?! could not you have do something ?!! ford I do . I save you . ( continued ) 2 17 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 continued : 25 arthur but there 's six billion other people . ford and all that ant . arthur yes , but ant be not exactly people ! ford and now you be think like a vogon. ( before Arthur can respond ) I save you life , okay ? which make we even . next thing . Ford throw Arthur a towel . Arthur look confuse . ford ( cont 'd ) it 's a tough galaxy . you want to survive out here , you really gotta know where you towel be . now gimme a hand over here . Arthur join Ford near a rusty ventilation pipe . ford ( cont 'd ) careful , it 's hot . he slide the towel behind the pipe , hold each end of it , Arthur do the same . ford ( cont 'd ) we have get to get off this ship before the vogon find we . vogon hate hitchhiker . which be why they make ship with wall that will not allow the sub-etna signal to pass through . so we have get to send the signal up and out if we wanna catch a ride . pull . they both pull . a section of pipe snap off . steam shoot out . Ford hold the black thumb under the pipe . arthur what 's a vogon ? ford ask the guide . say " vogon . " Ford continue turn dial . Arthur lift the guide . arthur " vogon . " the word " vogon " float up into he field of vision . guide voice vogon . ( continued ) 2 18 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 continued : ( 2 ) 25 character , history , how to have fun with , how to annoy , what to avoid . Arthur touch character . guide voice ( cont 'd ) vogon be one of the most unpleasant race in the galaxy - not evil , but bad - tempere , bureaucratic , officious and callous . they would not even lift a finger to save they own grandmother from the ravenous bugblatter Beast of traal without order sign in triplicate , send in , send back , query , lose , find , subject to public inquiry , lose again , and finally bury in soft peat for three month and recycle as fire-lighter . Arthur touch ' how to have fun with . ' guide voice ( cont 'd ) the best way to get a drink out of a vogon be to stick you finger down he throat . Arthur touch ' what to avoid ' . guide voice ( cont 'd ) on no account should you allow a vogon to read poetry to you . ford they can not think , they can not imagine , most of they can not even spell . they just run thing . ( turn dial opposite direction ) and if we do not get a ride soon , you will not b need the guide to illustrate just how unpleasant the vogon can be . they have destroy a planet today , that always make they a little feisty . arthur it can not be go . it can not be ! ( grab the guide , shouting } Earth ! ford shhh ! arthur earth !! guide voice Earth . a image of the Earth appear on the guide 's screen . guide voice ( cont 'd ) harmless . Arthur wait ... and wait . the Earth image fade away . ( continued ) 2 19 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 continued : ( 3 ) 25 arthur that 's it ? that 's all this idiotic book have to say about my home ? " harmless ? " ford hey , there be a hundred billion star in the galaxy and only a limited amount of space in the book 's microprocessor . no one know much about Earth . that 's why I be there . to expand the entry . I fire off a new one to the editor before I get strand . arthur what do it say now ? ford mostly harmless . before Arthur can react , a speaker hum to life with screeching howl and gargle . Arthur cup he ear . arthur ahhh , what the hell be that ?! ford here . put this in you ear . Ford remove a small yellow fish from he pouch . he move to put it in Arthur 's ear . Arthur struggle . arthur what ?... stop !.. don't come near I with ... the loud gargling noise continue . Ford have to wrestle to get the fish in Arthur 's ear . jeltz ( on speaker ) < unintelligible and= " " gargles= " " howls= " " > </ unintelligible > arthur argh ! what 's happen ...? as he succeed , the noise mutate to the vogon Captain 's voice . Arthur look incredulous . jeltz ( on speaker ) this be you captain speak , so stop whatever you be do and pay attention ! ford the fish . it 's translate for you . jeltz ( on speaker ) accord to we instrument we have unwittingly pick up a couple of hitchhiker who must be apprehend and ... ( continued ) 2 20 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 continued : ( 4 ) 25 Arthur do not want to hear any of this ... pull the fish back out of he ear . jeltz { on speaker ) ( cont 'd ) < howl gargle= " " gargle ...= " " howl= " " > < / howl > Ford struggle , shove it back in Arthur 's ear again . jeltz ( cont 'd ) ... and this be not a taxi service for degenerate freeloader . the door burst open . a vogon guard enter . grab Ford and Arthur . they struggle . vogon guard resistance be useless ! the struggle continue . as they be drag out the door , Arthur continue to try to yank the fish out of he ear . Ford wrestle with he , try to keep it in . guide voice the babelfish be small , yellow , leechlike , and probably the oddest thing in the Universe . 26 int . vogon ship corridor . 26 a bleak corridor . the vogon guard push a still struggle Arthur and Ford down it . guide voice it feed on brainwave energy , absorb unconscious frequency and excrete a matrix of conscious frequency to the speech centre of the brain , the practical upshot of which be that if you stick one in you ear , you instantly understand anything say to you in any language . Arthur continue to struggle , until he pass a portal window . he back up to look out . guide voice ( cont 'd ) now , it be such a bizarrely improbable thing that anything so mind - bogglingly useful could have evolve in the Universe purely by chance that many thinker have choose to see this as a final clinching proof of the non - existence of God . 26a arthur' Pov -- of space through the window , beautiful 26 a purple - orange cloud of swirl star and gass . guide voice ( cont 'd ) the argument go something like this ... " I refuse to prove that I exist , " say God , " for proof deny faith , and without faith I be nothing . " ( continued ) 2 21 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 6a continued : 26a it 's finally sink in -- he 's in deep space . guide voice ( cont 'd ) " but , " say man , " the babelfish be a dead give - away . it prove you exist , and so therefore you do not . qed . " " oh dear , " say God , " I have not think of that , " and promptly vanish in a puff of logic . the guard yank Arthur away , push he forward with Ford . guide voice ( cont 'd ) most lead theologian claim that this argument be a load of dingo 's kidney but that do not stop oolon colluphid from make a small fortune when he use it as the central theme of he best - sell book , ' well that about wrap it up for GOD . ' Arthur look lose and confuse . they approach a set of double door . he stop . the Guard shove he forward . vogon guard resistance be useless ! arthur Ford ... ford do not panic . if we be lucky , they will throw we out into space . arthur and if we be unlucky ? off Ford 's apprehensive look we CUT to ... 27 int . vogon constructor bridge - continuous 27 Arthur and Ford be strapped against two concrete pillar with hundred of elastic band . a strange and lethal looking device descend from the ceiling . look like a instrument of torture . as the device descend , jeltz fish a jeweled crab out of a gunky trough and smashes it with a hammer -- blam ! jeltz take the device in he hand -- then blow in it . we hear feedback . it 's a microphone ( like one use to introduce boxer ) . he tap it . this thing on ? it be . he face they , hold up a book entitle ... " " -- smirk , then begin to read vogon poetry . jeltz oh freddle gruntbuggly ! thy suppuration be to I as plerdle gabbleblotchit on a lurgid bee . Ford writhes in pain , as do Arthur but less so . ( continued ) 2 22 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 continued : 27 guide voice vogon poetry be widely accept as the third worst in the universe . Ford vibrate like he 's have a epileptic seizure . Arthur just look like he have a migraine . guide voice ( cont 'd ) the second worst be that of the azgoth of kria . during a recitation by they Poet master grunthos the flatulent of he poem " ode to a small lump of Green putty I found in my armpit one midsummer Morning , " four of he audience die of internal hemorrhage , and the President of the mid- galactic Arts nobbling Council survive by gnaw one of he own leg off . spasm wrack Ford 's body . he scream . Arthur squint . jeltz or I shall rend thee in the gobberwart with my blurglecruncheaon , see if I do not ! Ford 's entire body tense , arch , then go limp . Arthur let out a audible sigh as the poem end . guide voice the absolute worst poetry be write by Paula Nancy millstone jenning of sussix . it involved decaye swan . luckily , it be destroy when the Earth be . jeltz so , earthling , I present you with a simple choice . either die in the vacuum of space , or -- tell what you think of my poem . Ford be spend , can not say a word . Arthur look up . arthur actually ... I rather like it . jeltz look surprised . Ford notice , whisper to Arthur . ford good tact . run with it . arthur um ... some of the word I do not understand , but I find the imagery quite effective . jeltz continue . . . ( continued ) 2 23 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 continued : ( 2 ) 27 arthur and , um , interesting rhythmic device which seem to counterpoint the surrealism of the underlying metaphor of the humanity ... ford vogonity ! arthur ... vogonity , sorry . vogonity of the poet 's soul , which contrive through the medium of the verse structure to sublimate , er ... ford ... whatever it be ... arthur ... the poem be about . jeltz rub one of he chin , then smile and clap slowly . ford damn . arthur what ? ford I think you just save my life again . jeltz a astute analysis . very impressive . ( turn to the Guard ) throw they off the ship . the guard grab they , drag they out of the bridge . vogon guard resistance be useless ! jeltz hmph . " counterpoint the surrealism of the underlying metaphor ... " death 's too good for they . jeltz pick up he fishing rod , go for another crab . 28 int . vogon ship corridor -- moment later 28 the Guard shove they into the airlock . 29 int . airlock -- continuing 29 they sit , panting . Arthur stare forward . arthur so this be it ? we be go to die ? ( continued ) 2 24 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : 29 ford yes . no , wait ! what 's this switch ? ( reach for it ) no , it 's nothing . we be go to die . Arthur sit for a moment , then oddly chuckle to himself . arthur you know , it 's at time like this , when I be trap in a vogon airlock with a man from betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I would listen to what my mother tell I when I be young . ford why ? what do you she tell you ? arthur I do not know . I do not listen . Ford fold he towel into a tiny square , hold it up toward Arthur . he raise a eyebrow . will this help ? ford you be sweat . Ford dab Arthur 's brow . they stare forward at the airlock door . Long pause . nothing happen . they look to each other . shrug . they might be okay . then -- pssh . the bottom drop out . they be suck down and out . 30 ext . deep space -- continuous 30 Ford and Arthur spin away from the ship , hold they breath . the guide slip out of Arthur 's pocket . guide voice " Space ... " say the introduction to the hitchhiker guide , " ... be big . really big . you just will not believe how vastly , hugely mind - bogglingly big it be . I mean , you may think it 's a long way down the road to the market , but that 's just peanut compare to space ... " and so on . the weightless guide twirl away . Arthur reach for it . the word " don't panic " alight . guide voice ( cont 'd ) it also say that if you hold a lung full of air you can survive in the total vacuum of space for about thirty second -- but with space be really big and all , the chance of be pick up within that time be 2 to the power of 2076775949 to 1 against ... ( continued ) 3 25 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 0 continued : 30 something else fall out of he pocket -- he digital phone with the photo of he and tricia at the fancy dress party . guide voice ( cont 'd ) ... which , by a staggering coincidence , be also the telephone number of the islington flat where Arthur once go to a fancy dress party and meet a very nice girl whom he totally fail to connect with . he reach for the phone , it 's just beyond he fingertip . his eye widen with fret as the phone tumble away . 30a then -- woomph -- space seem to stretch and bend . a tiny 30a hole appear , then open wide . Paper hat and party balloon fall out , then drift away . the hole flip inside out . Arthur and Ford be envelop , then replace by a stun , sleek starship , the heart of gold . female voice ( trillian ) two to the power of one hundred thousand to one against and fall ... CUT to : 31 int . heart of gold . receiving BAY - night 31 in the middle of this hi-tech receive bay sit two ornate golden brocade sofa . female voice ( trillian ) ( through speaker ) two to the power of ten thousand to one against and fall . the sofa shake a little . arthur Ford ... ford yes ? arthur I think I be a sofa . ford I think I know how you feel . a long pause . both sofa begin to thrash in panic . female voice ( trillian ) five to one against and fall ... a pair of arm and leg pop out of each sofa . trillian four to one against and fall ... 3 26 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 int . heart of gold . bridge - night 32 32a close on a monitor -- on which play a news report . 32a reporter ( on tv ) ... and of course , the top story be still the sensational theft of the new improbability drive prototype ship heart of gold last week , steal at the launch ceremony by none other than galactic President Zaphod beeblebrox . zaphod ( on tv ) so , in the name of the people and freedom and , I dunno , democracy and stuff like that , I hereby declare this ship officially steal ! pull back to reveal zaphod beeblebrox , lean toward the tv , watch with a very satisfied grin ... female voice ( o.s. ) Three to one ... two to one ... annoy , he turn . there 's a woman with red hair ( trillian ) , she back to he , read number off a console display and speak into a microphone . trillian ( into microphone ) probability factor of one to one ... we have normality , I repeat we have normality . anything you still can not cope with be therefore you own problem . please relax . you will be send for soon . zaphod hey . do you mind ? I can not hear . trillian turn -- and we now recognize she as tricia from the fancy dress party . her hair be short and bright red . she look amazing . trillian can we put you ego aside for one moment ? something important have happen . zaphod if there 's anything more important than my ego on this ship , I want it catch and shot now . he turn back to the tv and turn it up . reporter ( ok tv ) ... the question everyone seem to be ask be , have the Big Z finally flip ? we ask he private brain care specialist , gag halfrunt ... gag halfrrunt vell , Zaphod 's just zis guy , you know -- ( continued ) 3 27 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : ( 2 ) 32 the tv suddenly click off . Zaphod spin . trillian 's hold a remote . zaphod hey ... trillian we have a couple of hitchhiker in we receive bay . his head jerk upwards . he quickly grab it with he hand and shove it back down . trillian ( cont 'd ) I do not pick they up . the ship do . zaphod huh ? trillian when you engage the improbability drive . zaphod I do not engage the drive . trillian we pick they up in sector ZZ9 plural Z Alpha -- where you pick I up . zaphod that 's impossible . trillian no . just very , very improbable . zaphod I do not have time for this ! we have get the police of half the galaxy after we and we stop to pick up hitchhiker ?! okay , so ten out of ten for style , but minus several million for good think , eh ? he reach for a hi-tech gun on the wall . she stop he . trillian do not . I will send marvin. ( call ) marvin ! Zaphod roll he eye as a humanoid robot rise from its seat behind they . this be marvin . he trudge slump - shoulder toward Zaphod . marvin I think you ought to know I be feel very depressed . trillian we have something to take you mind off thing . ( continued ) 3 28 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : ( 3 ) 32 marvin it will not work , I have a exceptionally large mind . trillian I know . go down to the number two entry bay and bring the two alien up here . marvin just that ? trillian yes . marvin I will not enjoy it . zaphod she 's not ask you to enjoy it . just do it will you ? marvin all right . I will do it . marvin turn and trudge away . then he turn again . marvin ( cont 'd ) I be not get you down at all be I ? trillian no , no , marvin , it 's fine really . it 's just part of life . marvin life . do not talk to I about life . marvin trudge away . a door slide open for he and make a audible , satisfied sigh as it do . door mmmmmyaaahhhhhh ! 33 ext . deep space - night 33 the heart of gold cruise around a bright star . 34 int . bridge of vogon destroyer ship - night 34 a light blink on a console . a vogon captain turn a dial , listen through he head set . he punch a few button . commander kwaltz ( green and walrusy like jeltz ) appear on the large monitor , sit in he chair at Command headquarters . vogon captain Commander kwaltz . we have locate the spaceship heart of gold and President beeblebrox . sector ZZ9 plural Z Alpha . requesting hyperspace clearance . ( continued ) 3 29 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 4 continued : 34 kwaltz ( on monitor ) hold you position , captain , until clearance be grant . 35 int . vogon command headquarters - moment later 35 kwaltz sit at the end of a concrete war room table . kwaltz get I the vice-president . approximately 15 vogon sit around the table murmure sporadically . a vogon messenger run up , hold papers . kwaltz take they , sign , sign the next page -- and the next . he hand they back to the messenger ( who have be jogging in place the whole time ) . he run off . the vogon captain appear on the large screen before he . kwaltz ( cont 'd ) hyperspace permission grant , Captain . 36 ext . space ­ night 36 a hundred rectangular vogon ship blast forward . CUT to : 37 int . heart of gold . receiving BAY - night 37 Arthur look around and notice the room be gleam white , hi-tech , brand new , plastic still on some stuff . arthur now this be more like my idea of a spaceship . look at all this button ... ford shhh . they listen . hear footstep . ford ( cont 'd ) this way . he push a button . the door slide open with a satisfied sigh -- " hhhmmyaaaahhh " . as they walk through ... 37a int - hog - corridor night 37a door thank you for use this door . I have enjoy open for you . hhmmyaahh ... they leap through to the other side as the door close . marvin ( 0.s. ) ghastly , be not it ? they whip around to find marvin stand before they . ( continued ) 3 30 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7a continued : 37a marvin ( cont 'd ) I have be order to take you up to the bridge . here I be , brain the size of a planet , and they ask I to take you up to the bridge . call that job satisfaction ? - ' cause I do not . marvin turn and walk away . they shrug to each other and follow . marvin pass through another door that open with the same sigh -- " hhmmaaaahhh " door what a pleasure it be to open for you . I will gladly close for you now . the door close . marvin " all the door in this spacecraft have a cheerful and sunny disposition . it be they pleasure to open for you , and they satisfaction to close again with the knowledge of a job well do . the door repeat its whole close and open routine again . marvin ( cont 'd ) hateful , be not it ? you can thank the Marketing division of the sirius cybernetics Corporation for building robot with gpp . arthur gpp ? marvin " genuine people personality . " I be a personality prototype . you can tell can not you ? arthur er. . . marvin sorry , do I say something wrong ? pardon I for breathe , which I never do anyway , so I do not know why I even bother to say it . oh god , I be so depressed . they round a corner ... ( continued ) 3 31 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7a continued : ( 2 ) 37a marvin ( cont 'd ) and then I have get this terrible pain in all the diode down my leave side . I have ask for they to be replace but no one ever listen . arthur really ? wonder why ? ford ( aside to Arthur ) probably because he 's so negative . arthur yes , I know . I be be ... never mind . they continue on . 38 int . heart of gold . bridge . -- moment later 38 hanging on the wall be the official presidential portrait , feature Zaphod who sport a very smart suit and a fake politician smile . tilt down to the door which open - " mmyyahhh ! " - to reveal Ford , Arthur and marvin . marvin I have bring the alien . do not thank I or anything . Zaphod spin around in he chair , hold a gun but sport that same politically correct smile . zaphod freeze ! Arthur and Ford throw they hand up . marvin do not . marvin do you mean sit in a corner and rust or just fall apart where I be stand ? zaphod I be not talk to you . ford Zaphod ? zaphod ixxie ? it be you ! ixxie ! Zaphod give Ford a big bear hug . he pull away , then playfully punch Ford in the arm . zaphod ( cont 'd ) praxibetel ix , you zark hoopy ! what the hell be you do here ? ford I do not know ! just stick out the thumb and here I be . ( continued ) 3 32 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 8 continued : 38 zaphod that be so you . ford and look at you ! President ? last time I see you , you be a beach bum . zaphod be it a great galaxy or what ? ( punch he arm again ) I still can not believe this . ixxie ! here ! on my ship ! ford hey , it 's Ford now . zaphod hmm ? ford my name . it 's Ford prefect . picked it up on Earth . sorta grow on I . zaphod okay " Ford " -- you zark frood . they embrace , tussle , punch arm . they bump into Arthur . ford oh , this be Arthur . Arthur , this be Zaphod beeblebrox . my cousin ? semi-half brother ? zaphod he share three of the same mother as I . arthur we have meet . zaphod have we ? sorry . I have get a terrible memory for species . before Arthur can explain , trillian enter . trillian everything okay ? zaphod hey , hon . come here . you will not believe this . ix ...um , sorry ... " Ford " ... this be ... arthur tricia mcmillan ? she take a closer look at he . trillian Arthur ? ( continued ) 3 33 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 8 continued : ( 2 ) 38 Arthur be stunne silent . he go to she , make sure she 's really there . he 's speechless . she smile and give he a friendly embrace . arthur ( completely bewilder ) I can not believe this ... I have be look ... and you be here ? I go to get wine and ... trillian I know . and it be rude to just leave , but I tell you I want to get away , and he have a spaceship park outside , well , honestly -- I assume you be a sort of stay- at- home - and -read - a book type . ( hopeful ) but you be here ... Arthur smile , then realize with some regret ... arthur actually -- I be that type . but ... well you do know what happen , do not you ? Zaphod stop in between they , put he arm around Arthur . zaphod -- Ford pick he up , they hitched a ride , and here we all be . now , enough small talk , trill . we be on the run , remember ? I steal a ship ? arthur we be have a bit of a chat if you do not mind . Arthur shove Zaphod 's hand off he shoulder . oddly , Zaphod react with a smile . and then -- he head shoot all the up way revealing a second head that life somewhere under he chin . zaphod head 2 you blow it with she , earthman , so shut up or I will kick you in the gone ! ford there 's the Zaphod I remember . Arthur recoil in horror , instinctively raise he fist . Zaphod wrestle with head 2 while a third arm spring out of Zaphod 's chest and punch arthur in the jaw . Arthur buckle and hit the floor . zaphod head 2 you should teach you pal a lesson , Ford . he 's a guest on my ship . ford I think you say you steal it . ( continued ) 3 34 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 8 continued : ( 3 ) 38 zaphod head 2 Fine . get technical . a klaxon sound . Red light flash . Zaphod ( head 2 ) hurry to the console . Ford follow . trillian hurry to Arthur who nurse he jaw . trillian be you all right ? arthur I feel like a bloody idiot . I have spend all week look for tricia mcmillan and that be not even you name . trillian it be my name . I shorten it . zaphod ( 0.s. ) trillian ...! arthur well , I be still Arthur . just plain average one-head do not - own -a-space ship Arthur . sorry to disappoint . zaphod ( o.s. ) a little help over here ? trillian leave Arthur , join Zaphod zaphod head 2 they be after we ! Fire a gun ! Launch a missile ! do some damage ! Zaphod 's arm struggle with he head again . 38a quick shot . deep space 38a a dull gray rectangular vogon battle cruiser be ease up behind the heart of gold . behind the cruiser be about one hundre other battle ship , fly in formation . ( 38 cont ) back on the bridge -- ( 38 cont ) trillian Computer ? a very eager male computer voice ( eddie ) sound . eddie hi , guy , this be Eddie you shipboard computer and I just know I be gonna get a bundle of kick out of any program you want to run through I . trillian can you identify we pursuer ? ( continued ) 3 35 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 8 continued : ( 4 ) 38 eddie I would be happy to ! stand by , please . ( cheesy on hold muzak play ) hey , guy , I be just pleased as punch to report that it 's a fleet of a hundred vogon Battle destroyer . you must be super important to warrant such a effort , and gee be I impressed . they be send a message . I would be super happy to play it . zaphod head 2 Fine ! play it !! ( to trillian ) this people personality thing be gonna drive I nut ! can not you change it ? a image appear on the ship 's monitor - vice President , questular rontok , flanke by vogon Commander kwaltz {at h.q. ) . he look reluctant . he have to say this ... questular ( on monitor ) this be vice President questular rontok . I be speak to the kidnapper of the President . surrender you steal vessel at once or we will take action as define and permit by section 1.8 of the galactic interstellar Space bi-law . zaphod head 2 Leap to hyperspace ! eddie sure thing , fella , but I should tell you we need proper authorization before enter a hyperspace expressway . zaphod head 2 or else what ? they will send a hundred and one ship ? do it ! he and trillian buckle up . Ford turn to Arthur . ford brace yourself . this be a bit like be drunk . arthur what 's so bad about be drunk ? ford ask a glass of water . they be stretch and squeeze by extraordinary force . 39 int . vogon headquarters -- night 39 questular and kwaltz watch they front screen as the heart of gold blast into hyperspace . ( continued ) 3 36 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : 39 kwaltz do they have proper hyperspace authorization ? vogon worker no , Commander . kwaltz add that to they list of offence ! ( scoffing ) blatant disregard for protocol . questular you do realize he do what he do because he know this be what you would do . kwaltz rule be rule , Mr. vice President . and they be make to be follow . questular look up to the screen at all the vogon ship . questular do not you think this many ship be a bit , oh I do not know -- excessive ? kwaltz the provision be clear . under subsection 37 a this be the force we deploy to protect the president in the case of a attempt or actual kidnap - he hold up one fat official book with one hand . kwaltz ( cont 'd ) -- and this be the force we deploy to apprehend any intentional or actual kidnapper . he hold up another fat book with the other . questular you be aware , Commander , that the President kidnap himself . kwaltz hence ... he put the two book together , slam they down . questular do you have any idea how ridiculous this be ? kwaltz I do not have idea Mr. vice President . I just do what I do . a vogon messenger run up hold papers . kwaltz take they , sign one in two place , initial other , lift the top sheet , remove the pink copy . fold it . ( continued ) 3 37 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : ( 2 ) 39 he do this for the other two form as well . questular watch dumbfounded as kwaltz hand the papers back to the messenger who turn and run off . 40 ext . space - night 40 the heart of gold come out of hyperspace and slow to cruise speed ... alone . no vogon in sight . 41 int . heart of gold . bridge - continuous 41 Zaphod 's head 2 be still up , beam . zaphod head 2 damn , I be good . hand slam head 2 down . Zaphod ( head 1 ) turn to Ford . zaphod so -- you along for the ride or be I drop you somewhere ? ford ( still wary of the two head ) depend . where you go ? zaphod into the page of history , cousin . and when you see what I be about to show you , you will beg I to take you with we . with trillian -- who notice Arthur look ill . trillian you okay ? arthur normally I would say " I will live , " but give the circumstance ... ( wiping he brow ) be there any tea on this spaceship ? trillian this way . she exit . Arthur follow . Zaphod step back , block he way . zaphod hey , apeman . earthman . I be sorry , what be you name again ? arthur Arthur . ( continued ) 4 38 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 1 continued : 41 zaphod right . no hard feeling , okay ? and sorry to hear about you planet , but do not mention it to the girl because if you do I will ... I will ... he smile broad . then head 2 pop up and finish ... zaphod head 2 I will pull you spleen out through you ass ! Zaphod slam head 2 back into place .. then smile again . Arthur furrow he brow and Zaphod and follow trillian . ford two head . interesting choice . zaphod apparently you can not be President with a whole brain . ford so you carve it up ? zaphod yes -- I think . and I think I do it in such a way that it would not be detect by the government screen test -- or by I . so , what 's so secret that I can not let anybody know I know it , not the galactic government , not even myself ? and the answer be -- ( think ) -- I do not know . obviously . but I put a few thing together and that 's when I realize I have this . he point to the cobalt blue cube on he gold necklace . 42 int . ship' kitchen area - continuous 42 close on - the nutri - matic machine . brownish liquid flow into it a martini glass , top with dry -ice fog . Arthur remove the glass . sip . grimace trillian I suppose I should have say it resemble tea . arthur so two head be what do it for a girl , then ? I mean , if I would have two head . or three ? trillian or you own space ship . ( continued ) 4 39 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : 42 arthur anything else he 's get two of ? trillian come on , Arthur , do not be like that . arthur well , what be I suppose to be like ? Green ? bleep ? what ? trillian just be yourself . have some fun . do it hurt ? arthur no , I suppose it would not .. trillian I mean ... she point to he jaw , he nod , she pick up she backpack . trillian ( cont 'd ) I might have a aspirin . she unzip it . two mice scurry out and scamper off , a hair- clip be clipped to one of the mouse 's tail . trillian ( cont 'd ) hey . what be they do in there ? before she can catch they , they scurry under the door . trillian { cont 'd ) they be from my lab at university . odd ... arthur so all that 's leave be I and you , " mostly harmless , " and two lab rat . she furrow she brow . what do he mean ? arthur ( cont 'd ) look , there 's something I should tell you ... zaphod ( o.s. ) showtime , trill ! trillian can it keep ? you might want to see this . Arthur nod . she leave . he look at he " tea " , throw it in the trash bin . 4 40 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 3 int . heart of gold , bridge - continuous 43 trillian and Arthur join Ford and Zaphod at the computer . zaphod -- and when I see what I be about to show you , that 's when I realize why I do what I do to my brain -- or it least , I think that 's why . 44 on the computer screen -- 44 the screen brighten . a brand logo appear ( a circle make of a dot line with a " m " in the middle ) then a sub - title : magrathean public archive . Zaphod fast forward until a noisy picture dissolves to ... 45 ext . outside temple of deep thought -- day 45 a procession surround a chariot . two young philosopher , lunkwill and fook ( 20' ) ride it into a grand temple . 46 int . temple of deep thought . 46 the aisle be line with Priest - technician . ahead be deep thought - a huge buddha -esque computer . the procession peel away to both side . lunkwill and fook dismount and approach . deep thought ( deep and sonorous ) what be this great task for which I , deep think , the second great computer of all time have be call into existence ? lunkwill you task , o computer ... fook hang on . do you say second great ? deep thought second great . yes . fook but we design you to be the great computer so you could ... lunkwill you be not talk about the milliard gargantubrain which can count all the atom in a star in a millisecond ? deep thought the milliard gargantubrain ? a mere abacus , mention it not . fook the omnicognate neutron wrangler then ? ( continued ) 4 41 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 6 continued : 46 deep thought the omnicognate neutron wrangler could argue all four leg off a arcturan megadonkey , but only I could persuade it to go for a walk afterwards . fook then what 's the problem ? deep thought I be the great computer you be able to design without my help . which , one day , you be go to need . lunkwill ( to fook ) let 's just ask the question . fook oh deep think , you task be this . we want you to tell we -- the answer . Long pause . deep think bleep and bloops . deep thought the answer ... to what ? lunkwill you know . the answer . to life ... the Universe ... everything . fook we would really like a answer . something simple . can you do it ? deep thought the ultimate question of life , the Universe and everything . yes . there be a answer . but I will have to think about it . lunkwill glance at he time piece , fook at the expectant throng behind they . they wait . deep thought ( cont 'd ) return to this place in exactly ... seven and a half million year . lunkwill &amp ; fook what ?! psssh . the screen go to snow . 47 ext . heart of gold bridge . - continuous 47 Ford and Arthur look confuse . ford that 's it ? ( continued ) 4 42 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 continued : 47 zaphod no , no . there 's more . they go back . arthur Seven and a half million year later ? Zaphod nod , hit play . we push back in on the screen . 48 int . temple of deep thought -- 48 lunkwill and fook enter the now modern temple , flanke by a crowd . they have beard and look like they be in they 40' . deep think rise , look lifeless . worried mutter from the crowd . slowly , deep think groan to life . deep thought can I help you ? fook deep think . do you have ... deep thought a answer for you ? yes . I have . fook there really be a answer ? deep thought yes . there really be one . fook ( almost strangle with emotion ) oh ! lunkwill can you tell we what it be ? deep thought yes . though I do not think you be go to like it . fook do not matter ! we must know it ! deep thought you be really not go to like it . fook tell we ! deep thought alright . the answer to the ultimate question ... lunkwill yes ... ( continued ) 4 43 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 8 continued : 48 deep thought ... of life , the Universe , and everything ... fook yes ! deep thought ... be ... crowd yes ...! deep thought ( longest pause yet ) forty two . the surround crowd be stunne . more muttering . deep thought ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I check it thoroughly . it would have be simpler , of course , to have know what the actual question be . lunkwill but it be the question . the ultimate question ! deep thought yes , but what actually be it ? fook ( o.s. ) everything ! you know ... just everything ! deep thought ( o.s. ) that 's not a question . only when you know what the actual question will you know what the answer mean . lunkwill give we the ultimate question then !! deep thought I can not . ( long pause ) but there be one who can . a computer that be to come after I , one that I will design . a computer to calculate the ultimate question , one of such infinite complexity that life itself will form part of its operational matrix . and you yourselves shall take on new more primitive form and go down into the computer to navigate its ten million year program . I shall design this computer for you . and it shall be call ... the picture distort and white out . psssshhhhhh . 4 44 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 ext . heart of gold . bridge . - continuous 49 Zaphod hit eject . the blue cube rise . ford that 's it ? zaphod that 's it . ford you be look for the ultimate question ? zaphod yep . ford you . zaphod me. ford why ? zaphod no , I try that . " why ? " " forty -two . " do not work . ( to trillian ) let 's get she ready , babe . he move to a different rack of instrument , consult a check list , start flipping some switch . ford I mean , why do you want to know the ultimate question ? zaphod oh. well -- partly the curiosity , partly a sense of adventure , but mostly I think it 's for the fame and the money . he continue prepare the ship . trillian consult the huge manual , turn dial , flipping switch ... arthur but -- you be President of the galaxy , be not you ? zaphod yes , arman . arthur Arthur . zaphod whatever . presidential fame be temporary , I find the question , that 's permanent . it stick . plus everyone think you be deep . win-win . ( continued ) 4 45 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : 49 ford but you do not know the name of the computer that other computer be talk about . zaphod which be why I be go there . ford where ? zaphod there . to find deep think . on magrathea . ford magrathea !? magrathea be a myth , a legend ... zaphod no , it be not . it 's real , cousin . and this be the only ship in the universe that can get you there . ford ( realize ) you mean to tell I you carve up you brain so you could become President so you would get invite to the launching ceremony of this ship ... so you could steal it ... so you could go to magrathea -- which , accord to most sane people , do not even exist ? zaphod yep . ford beautiful . arthur why this ship ? what 's so special about it ? Zaphod think again -- hard . zaphod I do not seem to be let myself in on any of my secret . trillian ( o.s. ) because of this , obviously . they turn to see trillian flipping open a glass lid revealing a big red button . Ford read the glow letter above the button ... ( continued ) 4 46 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : ( 2 ) 49 ford ( read ) infinite improbability drive ? so they finally build one that work . and that 's how we get pick up . zaphod exactly . and I be guess if we hit that button -- we go to magrathea . arthur you be guess ? zaphod hey , anyone who 's not up for that , there 's the door . now who 's in ? ford for a trip to a place that do not exist ? I be in . my editor will think I be crazy , but what the hell -- he already think I be dead . he take out the guide . Zaphod look to trillian . trillian definitely . I be in . they be all stand together . they turn to Arthur . Arthur look to trillian . she stare back -- wait . arthur do I even have a choice ? Zaphod smile , all bright and cheery . zaphod no ! Arthur look at the button . arthur what exactly do a infinite improbability drive do ? suddenly , Zaphod 's head 2 shoot up ! zaphod head 2 this !! Zaphod 's third arm shoot out and smack the button . 50 ext . space - night 50 improbability drive effect -- as the ship flip across space and disappear , leave nothing but shimmer . ( continued ) 5 47 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 0 continued : 50 guide voice the infinite improbability drive be a new method of crossing vast interstellar distance without all that tedious muck about in hyperspace . as soon as the drive reach infinite improbability , it pass through every conceivable point in every conceivable Universe almost simultaneously , then select the appropriate re-entry point . the principle of generate small amount of finite improbability by hook the logic circuit of a bambleweeny 57 sub- meson Brain to a atomic vector plotter suspend in a strong brownian motion producer , say a nice hot cup of tea , be of course well understand . second later , the vogon destroyer come out of hyperspace and slow to cruise speed . 51 int . vogon destroyer ship . bridge - night 51 vogon controller and copilot turn dial and push button , scramble to regain a signal . guide voice such generator be often use to break the ice at party by make all the molecule in the hostess 's undergarment leap simultaneously one foot to the leave , in accordance with the Theory of indeterminacy . kwaltz and questular appear on the monitor . kwaltz well , Captain ...? controller turn more dial , try to find the ship . guide voice many respectable physicist say they be not go to stand for that sort of thing partly because it be a debasement of science , but mostly because they do not get invite to that sort of party . vogon captain we have they sir . this be the coordinate . but -- they be not here . kwaltz I can see that . where be they ? the captain shrug . kwaltz heave a walrusy sigh . 5 48 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 ext . deep space - night 52 we hover above a greenish / purplish planet . improbability effect - space ripples . something begin to materialize , something big and gray - tumble toward we . we now see the big , gray thing be a giant rhinoceros -- which ripple , flip inside out and become the heart of gold . 53a int . heart of gold . bridge - night 53 a a knitted version of Arthur , trillian , Ford and Zaphod sit in chair before the ship console . knitted zaphod ( clutching stomach ) be this go to happen every time we hit that button ? knitted trillian very probably , yes . 53 the air ripple . the ' knitted ' crew flip back to they 53 former selve . Arthur puke into a trash bin and with a sick expression , look up to the screen . arthur do it work ? be we there ? now Zaphod look -- and he 's elate . zaphod yes !... I think . Computer ? eddie hi , fella ! head 2 suddenly spring up . zaphod head 2 can you please change that zark annoying voice !!? trillian Computer ? what planet be that , please ? eddie checking !! on-hold muzak play . they all sit and listen for a few beat , then Arthur yelp ... arthur ow !! ( spin around to Zaphod ) do you just pluck a hair from my head ? zaphod head 2 yeah , as if , apeman . ( continued ) 5 49 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 3 continued : 53 Arthur suddenly feel something on he back , leap out of the chair and brushes it off . the two mouse land on the floor across the ship , then scurry away down a hallway . before Arthur can react ... eddie thanks for wait , everyone . I be just tickle pink to tell you we be currently in orbit around the planet viltvodle 6 . push in on zaphod -- who 's 2nd head suddenly shoot up . zaphod head 2 humma kavula ! 54 int . vogon destroyer ship . bridge - night 54 vogon crew quickly enter data . a flight engineer get something on he screen , show it to the Captain . vogon captain Sir , the heart of gold have just request permission to land on viltvodle 6 . should I pursue ? kwaltz ( on monitor ) that be not a request to which I can respond , captain . should I pursue what ? be you request hyperspace clearance so that you may pursue the fugitive ? vogon captain yes , commander . kwaltz ( on monitor ) then you must say that , captain -- in request form . vogon captain requesting hyperspace clearance to pursue the fugitive , sir . kwaltz ( on monitor ) thank you . request acknowledge . await response . 55 int . vogon headquarters - continuous 55 kwaltz ( into microphone ) bring I the request to pursue fugitive form . the war room be silent . we hear the sound of run above . the footstep hurry all the way around , we hear a door open , run up more step , along the corridor until and finally a exhaust vogon Messenger burst through the door hold a blue form . questular shake he head in disbelief as kwaltz sign the request form . ( continued ) 5 50 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 continued : 55 questular this be ridiculous ! what do you need , a executive order ? Fine . I order you . stop do this ! go and get he ! kwaltz accord to subsection 9ob , paragraph 2 , you be not authorize to make such a order . questular but I be act president ! kwaltz then act like a president , and do nothing . kwaltz continue to fill out the form . questular grab a clump of he hair -- and pull it out . CUT to : 56 ext . viltvodle 6 . spaceport . - night 56 all we can see be the light of the heart of gold 's entry ramp cut through a dense fog . or be it fog ? Zaphod 's 2nd head be up as he come down the ramp ahead of the other three . zaphod head 2 humma kavula ! back a few step with arthur , trillian and ford ... arthur why do he keep say that ? trillian I do not know . I be not use to see he this way . arthur you mean fully clothed ? she stop , fire he a look . arthur ( cont 'd ) sorry , but I can not for the life of I figure out why you , the most brilliant woman I have ever meet , have end up with that half - witted , self - obsessed , vapid politician ! I mean , look at he ! they squint through the fog at Zaphod , head 2 out . his hand keep try to get it down but the 3rd arm keep whack they away . he disappear into the fog . ( continued ) 5 51 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 6 continued : 56 trillian clearly unlike any guy I have ever met. ( back to Arthur ) look , if you be go to pout you way around space , then maybe you should just go home . arthur I can not . that 's the whole point -- and I have be try to tell you ... ford ( interrupt ) hey , look what I find in the guide . he hand the guide to trillian . she keep walk . ford ( cont 'd ) I would not tell she if I be you . arthur she deserve to know . ford but if you tell she and she end up with you because you be literally the last guy on Earth -- you will always doubt she intention . Arthur consider this . nod . ford ( cont 'd ) get you towel ? arthur do I need it ? ford only always . Ford put he towel to he mouth as they follow trillian down the mist cover street . she 's read the guide . guide voice in the beginning , the universe be create . this make a lot of people very angry and have be widely regard as a bad move . Zaphod continue several step ahead of they . guide voice ( cont 'd ) many race believe that it be create by some sort of God , though the jatravartid people of viltvodle 6 firmly believe that the entire Universe be in fact sneeze out of the nose of a be call the great Green arkleseizure . the jatravartid , who live in perpetual fear ( more ) ( continued ) 5 52 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 6 continued : ( 2 ) 56 guide voice ( cont 'd ) of the time they call " the come of great White handkerchief " be small blue creature with more than fifty arm each . ... who be therefore unique in be the only race in history to have invent the aerosol deodorant before the wheel . zaphod head 2 humma kavula ! slam . Zaphod 's two arm shove he chin back down . zaphod I will handle this . 56a ext . seedy street-viltvodle 56a the other approach , watch Zaphod as he stop a pass a eight - armed alien creature , ask he something , ooze charm . the creature point down the street with 3 arm , then with 2 other hand he a pen and paper . Zaphod sign a autograph and move on . the alien beam , then squirt three can of aerosol under several arm . more mist rise . follow it up revealing : 57 a large build -- a temple with two giant arch . 57 the other follow . camera tilt up and we see this building look like a nose lie horizontally , the " giant arch " be the nostril . 58 int . arkleseizure temple - continuous 58 Zaphod open the huge door inside the large nostril / arch . a rush of air blow the mist past Ford , trillian and Arthur a few step behind . they stop . a congregation of worshiper face front where humma kavula stand behind a podium . he 's a humanoid wear a white robe and night-vision sun glass . humma kavula the handkerchief be come , beloved . be you ready ? let we pray that the almighty will exhale a breath of compassion on we . instead of bow , they all point they nose heavenward . Zaphod march down the center aisle while humma pray . humma kavula ( cont 'd ) almighty arkleseizure , we lift we nose , clogge and unblown in reverence to you . Zaphod stop a few foot away from humma 's chair . zaphod hello , humma . ( continued ) 5 53 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 8 continued : 58 on ford and arthur arthur that 's humma kavula ? I think he be just use a swear word . ford ( shaking he head ) humma kavula be he opponent in the election . something happen during the campaign . Zaphod never forgive he . arthur what be it ? Ford shrug . humma look up , see Zaphod , smile . humma kavula ( wrapping up the prayer ) send the handkerchief , lord , so that it may wipe we clean . we ask this in you precious holy name ... congregation achoo . and they all sneeze . Akin to crossing himself , humma raise a hand to he nose , then down again . humma kavula bless you . CUT to : 59 int . humma's quarter - continuous 59 humma 's quarter be opulent . he sit behind he desk flanke by several armed body guard . Ford , Arthur and trillian keep a safe distance as Zaphod face off with humma who have the air of a cool news anchor man . humma kavula Zaphod beeblebrox , we famous President . the arkleseizure have exhale many blessing upon you . what bring you to we humble planet ? zaphod I think you know why I be here . humma kavula I do not think I do . zaphod oh , I think you think you do not , but we both know -- you do . humma kavula elequent as always , Zaphod . you ability to communicate a clear think never cease to amaze . ( continued ) 5 54 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : 59 head 2 suddenly spring up -- to the surprise of all . zaphod head 2 you call I stupid ! humka kavula ( be : the head ) interesting . and I do not know what you be talk about . zaphod head 2 during the campaign , humma -- you say I be stupid . humma kavula this humma you speak of no longer exist . he come here in he consolation position as ambassador to gamma Z10 to squelch a ideological threat to the system and repent from he wick way . he now go by the holy name tazelo the unceasingly righteous , give to he by he devote follower . zaphod head 2 I don't care what you call yourself , you righteous freak !! you start the rumor that i'm stupid and you're gonna pay !!! the 3rd arm reach for a gun in Zaphod 's vest . the body guard aim they weapon . one run up and smack Zaphod in the back of the head -- slamm head 2 back in place . zaphod thank you . the 3rd arm disappear . the gun fall . a body guard pick it up . with arthur , ford and trillian arthur why do I get the feel he 's go to get we all kill ? ford probably because it 's very possible . just do not save I , okay ? we be even . humma lay he palm on the table and lift himself as if to stand - but there be nothing of he below the table line except for thirty , one inch metal leg , attach to the base of he torso . he glide towards Zaphod , the little leg extend to reach the floor as he reach the end of the table . ( continued ) 5 55 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : ( 2 ) 59 humma kavula the election be ancient history , Zaphod , but if memory serve -- you win , prove that good look and charm win over brilliance and ability to govern . a guard drape a white robe over humma 's shoulder - which he tie with a belt - hide he peculiar undercarriage . humma kavula ( cont 'd ) and incidently -- you be stupid . his head jerk up . Zaphod stop it , paint on a smile . zaphod that 's really not the point . humma kavula you have not come halfway across the galaxy to settle a campaign grudge . why be you here , Zaphod ? Zaphod do not answer . humma motion to a guard who grab he arm , twist it -- hard . zaphod ( wince ) I do not know . I be head for magrathea , I end up here . push in on humma -- who raise he hi-tech sun glass . humma kavula how very , very ... ( knowingly ) ...improbable . he pull the nose off he body guard , turn a key . a secret safe door slide open from the man ' chest . humma kavula ( cont 'd ) I keep a few souvenir from my former life . ah , the heady day of space piracy ... so young , so foolish .. , another , smaller box rise from the chest cabinet . Inside we see glow jewel , a skeleton hand , etc . humma remove a pink cube ( like Zaphod 's blue cube . ) humma kavula ( cont 'd ) I will gladly give you the coordinate to magrathea ... he hold up the pink cube revealing a series of coordinate number on each side . Zaphod reach for it . humma take it back ... humma kavula ( cont 'd ) ... provide you bring I something in return . ( continued ) 5 56 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : ( 3 ) 59 zaphod what ? humma kavula a gun . zaphod a gun ? humma kavula a very special gun . design by the great computer ever invent , now bury in the bowel of magrathea . zaphod Fine . I will get you gun . just give I the coordinate . Zaphod reach out . humma pull it back . humma kavula and what will you give I to insure you return ? zaphod my word as President . humma kavula ha ! I would be better off with the dung of a bethusian mega donkey . zaphod okay , then I will get you that . humma kavula I need a hostage , something you hold dear . only what do Zaphod beeblebrox treasure ? on haphod' second head -- peeping out of the collar look terrify . humma smile . bingo . he signal the guard . they grab Zaphod who look back to trillian , offer a weak smile . smash CUT to : 60 int . humma kavula' operating theatre -- later 60 very fast scene - two second . Zaphod 's 2nd head scream ! zaphod head 2 nooo !!! pull back to see it be lift out of Zaphod 's neck . Zaphod unconscious on the operate table . blood and instrument everywhere . 6 57 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 1 int . humma kavula' room -- later 61 Zaphod 's head hang on the wall . wire feed out of the neck into a huge machine . beneath the head be a crude draw of a body and the word " I be with stupid . " a arrow point to Zaphod 's head 2 -- which be shouting ... zaphod head 2 idiot ! zarking moron !! come back !! you need I !! come baaaaackkkk !!!! humma kavula you should quit while you be " a head " Zaphod . no one have ever get pass the magrathean defence system alive . humma laugh maniacally . 62 ext . viltvodle 6 . MAIN STREET - night 62 Zaphod , hold aloft on Ford and Arthur 's shoulder , stagger down the street toward the spaceport where the heart of gold be park . his neck be wrap with a blood -soak bandage which look like a scarlet ascot . arthur be we sure this be the right way ? ford yes ! I think . I do not know . maybe not . arthur yes , thank you for clear that up . Ford look puzzle at Arthur . do I clear it up ? a crowd have gather . when they see Zaphod , they scream ... crowd Mr. President !... Zaphod , over here !... I want to have you baby ! , etc ... Zaphod , still feel the effect of whatever drug he be give , don a presidential smile and wave . ford back to the ship . quickly . they quicken they pace when suddenly ... fifty vogon police -- emerge from the mist . vogon police # 1 Mr. President ! we be here for you protection ! Zaphod , Ford , trillian and Arthur freeze in they track . 6 58 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 3 int . vogon headquarters - continuous 63 kwaltz and questular watch the action on the front screen . kwaltz Fire upon the kidnapper ! ( 62 cont ) ext . MAIN STREET - ( 62 cont ) the police fire . F , T , &amp ; a run for it , but Z stay put . zaphod Zarquon ! friendly fire ! well , if that 's what they want -- he pull out he gun up and fire back . zaphod ( cont 'd ) hey ! let 's do lunch ! Nice haircut , fella ! hey ! you kid be the same age as mine -- we should get they together some time ! with each line he fire . Ford grab he . Shots hit a stack of aerosol can . they explode . more mist rise . ( 63 cont ) int . vogon headquarters - ( 63 cont ) questular Commander ! the President be the kidnapper ! kwaltz cease fire ! ( 62 cont ) behind the kiosk -- ( 62 cont} the gang run down a alley and hide behind a kiosk . Zaphod sport a goofy smile . Arthur be scared to death . arthur oh God , I really hate thursdays . ford Zaphod , what do we do ? zaphod build bridge between the star ! he hold up two peace sign , a la Nixon . arthur what ? ford I think that be he campaign slogan . trillian find a deodorant can , grab it , get a idea . trillian alright , follow I . she aim the can at Zaphod 's ear - Arthur 's face register the madness of the moment . ( 59 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 63 cont ) int . vogon destroyer . bridge - continuous ( 63 cont ) questular there they be ! ( 62 cont ) on screen -- trillian , with aerosol can to Zaphod 's ear ( 62 cont ) move down the street . the crowd gasp . the quartet continue anxiously forward , eyeing the police whose gun track they every move . trillian back off or I will kill he , I swear I will ! ( 63 cont ) kwaltz -- look confuse . ( 63 cont ) kwaltz could that actually kill he ? ( 62 cont ) the police step backwards -- but the crowd take a step ( 62 cont ) forward . a huddle of female admirer rush they , wave pen and paper as if the Beatles have arrive . admirer Mr. President , Mr. President !... Zaphod paint on a smile , break away from the other to go sign a few autograph . female admirer I totally vote for you ! zaphod thank you ! reveal that the female fan be actually a multi-head , two legge groupie . ( 63 cont ) on questular and kwaltz -- ( 63 cont ) kwaltz get she ! ( 62 cont ) chaos ! the walrusy vogon police swarm in like maggot , ( 62 cont ) surround trillian and edging Ford and Arthur away . vogon police resistance be useless ! Shots be fire . the crowd scream and scatter . Arthur reach for trillian but she be engulf by vogon who move , en masse , and pull she away into the mist . arthur tricia ! Ford , with Zaphod in tow , shove Arthur forward , use he towel to clear a path through the mist . they see the heart of gold ramp descend from the belly of the ship . ford this way ! ( continued ) ( 60 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 62 cont ) continued : ( 62 cont ) arthur no !! tricia !!! shot FIRE all around they as Ford push Zaphod and Arthur up the ramp . ( 63 cont ) int . vogon headquarters - night ( 63 cont ) questular and kwaltz watch the monitor as vogon Police usher trillian , in futuristic hand - cuff , past the vogon Captain who stand in the foreground on he ship . kwaltz bring she to vogsphere for processing , Captain . the captain nod . the screen go black . questular they be come here !? but they have only accomplish half the mission . what about Zaphod ? he must face justice !! kwaltz my instruction be clear ... from a slot in he chair , he pull he instruction -- sign in triplicate of course . he read ... kwaltz ( cont 'd ) " apprehend the kidnapper , rescue the president . " we do they in that order . and until the kidnapper be properly process , she be not officially apprehend , now be she , Mr. vice - President ? questular pull out another small clump of hair . CUT to : 64 int . heart of gold . bridge - continuous 64 Ford and Arthur drag Zaphod into the bridge . on the front screen , they can see the vogon ship fly away . arthur we have to go ! let 's go ! zaphod ( still loopy ) right ! look strangely happy , he slide the pink coordinate cube humma give he into a slot on the console . zaphod ( cont 'd ) Computer ! take we to magrathea ! arthur what ? no ! follow that ship ! ( continued ) 6 61 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 4 continued : 64 Arthur lunge for a control . Zaphod woozily try to stop he . there 's a struggle , then Zaphod realize ... zaphod hey -- my third arm . I have one , do not I ? arthur we have to go after she ! the computer fire to life , bleep and blip . only now it have a effete , effeminate , almost matriarchal voice . eddie boy , please ! not so rough . you be damaging my joystick . they all look at the source of the voice , confuse . ford who be that ? marvin ghastly , be not it ? I be ask to change the personality type , this be the emergency back -up . eddie how , if you want I to take you somewhere , we be go to have to start use we magic word , " please " and " thank you . " arthur can you change it back ? marvin I can -- but I will not enjoy it . eddie I be wait-ing ... Arthur see the vogon ship get away . desperate , he shove _ Zaphod out of_the_driver 's seat . Zaphod hit the floor , consider protest , lie down on the floor to sleep instead -- with a content smile . Arthur sit . he look very out of place in a seat normally reserve for the like of han solo . he scan the console . Ford sit in the seat beside he . arthur Ford ? ford marvin ? marvin do not look at I . I be too depressed . ( continued ) 6 62 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 4 continued : 64 arthur ( get desperate ) Computer ?! be not there some kind of manual override switch thing ? eddie yeeessss ... arthur well where the hell be it ?! eddie Magic word ? arthur show I the override switch or I will reprogram you with a very large axe . eddie ( long pause ) I can see this relationship be something we be all go to have to work at . 64a ding . a chime sound . a switch on the console 64a illuminate . " manual override . " Arthur flip the switch . the cockpit be seal in a glass ball and shoot upwards . 65 ext . heart of gold - night 65 the cockpit bubble pop out like a ejector seat , now a little glass pod . it float through space , then rear thruster ignite and blast the ship forward . 66 int . heart of gold bridge / pod - continuous 66 a aircraft steering wheel rise up between Arthur 's leg . he grab it , spin out of control . ford I think I should push this button . Ford push a big button . a alarm sound ! arthur what 's that ? what happen ?! ford a sign light up say " please do not push this button again . " Arthur grab the control , do he best to steer . 67 ext . space - night 67 the glass pod streak unsteadily forward toward a dull gray planet . 68 ext . vogsphere - day 68 the rectangular ship sit on the surface as Police escort trillian off it and into a gray rectangular bldg . 6 63 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 different part of vogsphere / near swamp -- 69 the ground be barren . a scintillatingly jewele crab crawl out of a swamp and look up at the sky . we hear the sound of the pod approach ( but hold on the crab ) as eeeoooo-ka-kfffzzz ! the crab run back into the swamp . pan left to see the pod ram into the ground , steam rise . the door open . the three emerge . ford wow ... marvin I know . dreadful , be not it ? arthur sorry about the landing . where be we ? zaphod magrathea ! ford wrong . this be the vogon planet . this be vogsphere . zaphod no. it 's magrathea ! I know it ! Ford reach in he satchel , pull out a sort of electronic beret , pull it snugly onto Zaphod 's head . ford Little something I learn about on a altairian star cruiser . captain use they when they really need to concentrate . arthur what be it ? ford a think cap . Zaphod squint hard to think as he look around . 70 ext . vogcity 70 there p.o.v. -- there be row and row of dull , gray , rectangular building as far as the eye can see . ( 69 cont ) the three man step out of the ship . ( 69 cont ) marvin this will all end in tear , I just know it . marvin move out , a few pace behind . ford I check the guide for way to rescue a prisoner from vogsphere . it say " do not . " I be assume you plan be better . ( continued ) 6 64 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : 69 arthur well , I sort of have this idea we could ... a telescopic rod with a paddle at the top shoot out of the ground , smack Arthur on the face , then retract . Arthur be stunne . none of the other have notice . arthur ( cont 'd ) do anyone see that ? zaphod see what ? they look at Arthur . it suddenly seem ridiculous . arthur nothing . they all walk along - Arthur at the back , perplex . ford what be it ? arthur nothing . just my imagination . another paddle spring up , double smack in the face . Arthur leap back . look down . nothing . nothing at all . arthur ( cont 'd ) alright , stop . everyone stop and watch I . something 's happen . they watch . Arthur walk . and walk . ford okay . I think we ... a paddle spring up and smack Ford 's face . ford ( cont 'd ) ah ! he leap back , clutching he cheek . Arthur spin around . arthur you , too ? ford yes . what be that ? Arthur lift he foot very carefully . ford ( cont 'd ) I th ... he stop himself and look round . ( continued ) 6 65 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9 continued : ( 2 ) 69 ford ( cont 'd ) what do you think , Zaphod ? Zaphod pull he think cap down , think hard . zaphod I think we should keep go . a paddle shoot up , smack Zaphod 's face . they all see . zaphod ( cont 'd ) aaah !! arthur what the blaze be that ? ford ( very deliberately ) I have ... a idea . a paddle shoot up . Ford duck . it miss . he grab its telescopic stalk . it thrashes in he hand . he break it . ford ( cont 'd ) okay , do not think of anything . do not have idea or theory -- nothing . a beat . they all strain to think of nothing . several paddle shoot up . smack they . arthur I can not , help it ! trillian be in there somewhere and we need a idea to save she . zaphod I have a idea . ( smack ! ) run ! ford ever the politician . they take off run . a forest of paddle stalk erupt out of the ground around they , smack violently . they come to rest at the side of a vogon building . arthur okay , so ... ( think ) ... not think , not think , no idea come ... ( look to marvin ) ... this be by no mean a idea that have any merit , but marvin -- can you give I a hand ? smash CUT to : 71 int . vogon administration build - day 71 the dullest office environment ever . a counter with few vogon behind it , mindlessly move bit of paper around . ( continued ) 7 66 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 1n continued : 71 n the front door burst open . Arthur storm through they , hold marvin 's arm which have the finger point like a gun . he trip , fall , drop the arm , pick it up again , try hard to look tough . Ford and Zaphod follow , Zaphod wear the think cap and sunglass for disguise . Ford wear he towel over he face like a bandit . the vogon look up , nonpluss . arthur alright , where be she ? vogon behind counter who ? the director of robot Arm repair ? next building , out the door to the leave . Arthur look at the arm -- then slowly lower it . arthur actually , we be look for ... ( how to put this ...? ) ... someone you be detain , perhaps in some form of incarceration ... vogon behind counter prisoner release Department . six building down , out the door , right , leave , then two rights . Big gray building , can not miss it . CUT to : 72 int . prisoner processing bldg ./ interrogation room - day 72 trillian be seat beside a desk while a vogon officer ask she question . kwaltz and questular stand nearby . vogon officer name ? trillian trillian . he type into he ancient look computer . vogon officer not register . trillian try tricia mcmillan . vogon officer tricia yggarstuk mcmillanus of blaard ? trillian no. tricia imogene mcmillan of Earth . the Officer type , check he screen , shake he head . vogon officer sorry . no record of " Earth . " ( continued ) 7 67 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : 72 trillian Earth . in the milky Way ? oremember ) um ... galactic sector ZZ9 plural Z Alpha . the vogon Officer type , read from the screen . vogon officer right . here it be . " Earth . destroy . " do you have a second home planet ? push in on trillian -- gut by the news . trillian destroy ? no -- that 's impossible . vogon officer say here it be destroy to make way for a hyperspace expressway . the order be give ... three week ago . trillian who in there right mind give a order to destroy a planet !? CUT to : 73 ext - admin build -vogcity 73 zaphod - walking with ford and arthur zaphod he say the gray building , right ? there p.o.v. -- all the building be gray . Arthur see 2 vogon police escort someone in handcuffs into one of the building . arthur there . that 's it . this way . he raise marvin 's arm , point the finger . 74 int . prisoner processing build / MAIN room - continuous 74 a , F &amp ; Z enter the double door , then stop short . stun . there p.o.v. - a typical government pick -a- number and wait sort of room . bland . bad lighting . numbered window . it 's pack with all manner of species . arthur leave this to I . I be british . ( with gusto ) I know how to queue . he confidently take a number and get in line with the several hundred other -- feel very much at home . ( 68 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 72 cont ) int . prisoner processing bldg ./ interrogation room - ( 72 cont ) trillian sit at the Officer 's desk , arm fold , defiant . trillian I do not believe you . this be some sort of trick . Zaphod would not blow up a planet , especially mine . kwaltz now step forward and extend a piece of paper . kwaltz this be the order . trillian take the paper , run she finger down to the signature line where it read " Love and kiss , Zaphod ! " trillian Love and kiss ...? she hand the paper back , swallow emotion . kwaltz now -- accord to section 8 , sub-section 34 dash a , the punishment for kidnap be a recitation of the classic poem , " ode to the removal of you Left kidney . " unless -- say kidnap be of the President , in which case you be to be feed to the ravenous bugblatter Beast of traal . we thank you for you cooperation . a door be open revealing a room with a large steel box . a huge , angry eye stare out of a tiny bar window . the box shake like crazy . trillian gulp . ( 74 cont ) int . prisoner processing build / MAIN room - continuous ( 74 cont ) Zaphod be in line with Arthur and Ford . he look up to : a presidential photograph -- of himself , in suit and tie , smile broadly . he lower he think cap . female vogon processor next ! Arthur step up , follow by Ford and Zaphod who keep he head low and bow . arthur yes . hi . we be here about get a prisoner release ? female vogon processor prisoner release form ? she hold out she hand . Arthur do not have a form . annoy , she point across the room to a wall that be nothing but shelf hold form . ( continued ) 69 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 ( 74 cont ) continued : ( 74 cont ) arthur right . once I have fill it out can I return to the front of the line , see as I have already wait ... female vogon processor no. next ! Arthur sigh , frustrated . all three of they walk to the shelf hold the form . Arthur turn to Zaphod . arthur can not you do something ?! you be President , be not you ? zaphod you want I to make a speech , shake a hand ? that 's what I do -- I think . it 's all a little fuzzy . Arthur angrily fill out the form . moment later -- Arthur be back in line , have wait a long time . he finally get to the window , hand the green form to the vogon processor . she type into she computer , then check the screen . female vogon processor this prisoner be be detain for ... ( read ) kidnap the president . not eligible for release at this time . you can make a appointment for a later date or take a number and wait . Arthur 's breathe quicken . he can not take this . arthur alright , look . ( yank think cap and sunglass off Zaphod ) this be the President . she look at Zaphod , then back to the large portrait of Zaphod , then back to Zaphod . she nod . okay ... arthur ( cont 'd ) he say the whole kidnap thing be a terrible misunderstanding , she do not mean anything by it and he 's order you to let she go . female vogon processor ( hold up green form ) but this be not a presidential release of prisoner form . that be blue . she point to the wall of form . Arthur sigh . ( 70 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 72 cont ) quick CUT back to trillian -- ( 72 cont ) trillian be lower into the bugblatter beast box / cage . we can not see the beast but it 's scream of hunger be scare the hell out of trillian . ( 74 cont ) back to arthur -- ( 74 cont ) ... who return , practically shove Zaphod forward . Zaphod hand the vogon processor the blue form . female vogon processor ( cont 'd ) okay ... she review the form , stamp it , pull off the carbon copy underneath , hand that to Zaphod . vogon processor go to the prisoner release lobby , out the door , right , leave , 2nd door on the right . ( 72 cont ) back with trillian -- ( 72 cont ) as she brace herself to be eat by the monster . suddenly , a couple of vogon guard enter and hand kwaltz a blue piece of paper . he review it , then sign it . kwaltz you be free to go . release she . the vogon Guard pull trillian up and out of the box on a cable . the bugblatter beast go berserk . questular what !? ( yanking blue paper away , read ) he 's here ?! Zaphod be here !? let 's go get he ! but the Guard be already escort trillian out of the room . kwaltz be complete paperwork . questular ( cont 'd ) Commander ? kwaltz hold up a walrusy hand , one finger raise , silencing questular while he continue . questular sigh . we hear the bugblatter beast weep as the door be close on he . CUT to : 75 int . prisoner release lobby - continuous 75 a guard escort trillian into the lobby where F , a &amp ; Z await . Arthur step toward she but Zaphod step in front of he , smile , arm outstretch . trillian walk up to Zaphod -- and slap he . ( continued ) 7 71 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 5 continued : 75 trillian you bastard . you sign the order to destroy Earth ?! arthur he do ? zaphod I do ? trillian " Love and kiss , Zaphod ? " I see the form . you do not even read it , do you ? zaphod honey , I be President of the galaxy . I do not get a lot of time for read . trillian a entire planet , Zaphod . my home . go . all because you think someone want you autograph ! she slap he again , storm away , burst out the door . zaphod they frame I ! it 's routine for control president ! 76 int . prisoner interrogation room - continuous 76 kwaltz finish he paperwork , stack it neatly , hold it up for questular to see . kwaltz cancellation of the rescue of the President . he hand it to a Messenger who run off . another one run up . kwaltz ( cont 'd ) now. {with menace ) get I the apprehension of the President form . 77 ext . prisoner processing bldg . - continuous 77 trillian storm away from the building , enraged . she see a one - armed marvin stand by the glass pod . she head for he . Arthur catch up to she . arthur trillian ... trillian you know . why do not you tell I ? ( continued ) 7 72 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 6 continued : 76 arthur I try . he threaten I . trillian get a backbone , Arthur . she storm ahead of he . he stop . arthur what about come here to rescue you ?! that be my brilliant idea ! a paddle shoot up and slap he in the face . ( 77 cont ) ext . prisoner processing bldg . - moment later ( 77 cont ) kwaltz and questular , flanke by the vogon police force , step out of the building just in time to see ... 78 ... the glass heart of gold pod soar overhead . 78 they all watch as it disappear from sight . kwaltz the President test my patience . this time , I shall pursue he myself . ready my ship ! questular yes ! this be more like it . 79 int . vogon office - moment later 79 kwaltz sit in a desk , fill out a form . questular hold two clump of hair in each fist . questular this be insanity ! kwaltz my license be expire , Mr. vice President . I can not fly with a expire license -- it 's against the law . questular fist tremble . plop . out come two large tuft of hair . smash CUT to : 80 ext . space - night 80 the pod be reattach to the heart of gold which soar through the star . 81 int . heart of gold . bridge - night 81 they be all get buckle into they seat . ( continued ) 8 73 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 1 continued : 81 eddie ( back to he normal voice ) hi , fella . hold on to you hat ! zaphod Eddie ! welcome back ! the ship suddenly blast forward . they head be slam back into the seat as they vibrate violently . ford what' happening , zaphod ?! where did you tell it to go ?! zaphod I didn't say anything ! Arthur look to the console and see the two mouse slide across it , get throw across the ship . they continue to vibrate -- even more violently . ford be you sure we reattached this thing the right way ?! Zaphod be all smile , hang on as if he be on a rollercoaster ride . zaphod isn't it great ?! 82 deep space -- 82 ... the h.o.g. be but a blur as it streak along . 83 back in the h.o.g . - later 83 star appear on the screen as they slow from hyperspace . eddie guy , I be just super happy to tell you we be approach hyperspace exit gamma z8b530 . Arthur steady himself , turn to trillian who 's still stare forward , angry . she unbuckle she seat - belt and move away from the console . a planet appear on screen . Zaphod and Ford lean forward . zaphod okay , that 's it ... I think . Computer ? be that ... where be we head again ? ford magrathea ? eddie hang on , fella , and I will check . ( continued ) 8 74 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 3 continued : 83 Arthur turn , look over at ... trillian -- who stare out a portal window into the emptiness of space . a tear roll down she cheek . Arthur step up , be not sure what to say . arthur look , you be right . you deserve to know and I should have tell you . I do not blame you if you be angry . she turn and stare , wipe the tear away . can not speak . arthur ( cont 'd ) right. anyway ... I be sorry . eddie ( o.s. ) guy , it just tickle I pink to tell you we be currently in orbit at a altitude of three hundred mile around the legendary planet of magrathea . goll -ee . hear this news , Arthur , trillian and Ford turn . zaphod ( taste it ) take we in . 83a ext . night deep space - magrathea 83a they all stare in awe as they move toward a planet which get closer and closer . suddenly , they face be awash with light . two sun rise behind the planet . it 's breathtaking . zaphod the twin sun of soulianis and rahm ... marvin ( both arm in tact ) rise in the back , peer out . marvin it 's rubbish . 83b suddenly , a ghostly white swirl of light , vaguely in the 83 b shape of a man , appear on the screen before they . ghostly image greeting . this be a record announcement as we be all out the moment . the commercial council of magrathea thanks you for you esteem visit , but regret that the entire planet be temporarily close for business . if you would like to leave you name and a planet where you can be contact , kindly do so at the tone . beep . then stunne silence . ( continued ) 8 75 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 3 b continued : 83b arthur close ? how can a planet be close ? zaphod for once , aldus , I agree with you . okay , computer . keep go . take we down . eddie happy to ! the ship ease forward . the image appear again . ghostly image it be most gratify that you enthusiasm for we planet continue unabate . as a token of we appreciation , we hope you will enjoy the two thermonuclear missile we have just send to converge with you craft . to ensure on -go quality of service , you death may be monitor for training purpose . thank you . the image vanish . a beat . then ... eddie guy , I be delighted to tell you there be two thermonuclear missile head right for we . should I take evasive action ? 83c the screen show two huge rocket thunder at we , 83c Zaphod just smile . Ford step up . ford um ...yes , computer . evade ! massive acceleration ! a illuminate dome lower from the ceiling over the crew seat - create a safety pod . 84 ext . above magrathea . dawn 84 the heart of gold streak away . two large missile follow and mimic the h.o.g. 's every move . 85 int . the bridge - continuous 85 the crew be throw from one side of the pod to the other . eddie there seem to be something jam my guidance system . Impact minus 45 second . call I Eddie if it will help you relax . ( 84 cont ) ext . sky over magrathea - continuous ( 84 cont ) the h.o.g. streak forward . the missile be gain . arthur Computer ! do something !! ( continued ) ( 76 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 84 cont ) continued : ( 84 cont ) eddie sure thing , fellah . handing over manual control . good luck ! Big swell of muzak . the ship drop like a stone . the missile -- miss , then turn in a screeching curve . ( 85 cont ) int . the safety pod - ( 85 cont ) Zaphod try to wrestle with three control . zaphod I can not do this without my other arm ! ( 84 cont ) the h.o.g. -- spiral wildly , missile narrowly miss . ( 84 cont ) ( 85 cont ) in the safety pod - everyone be throw . ( 85 cont ) ( 84 cont ) in the sky -- the missile be dead ahead , shoot ( 84 cont ) straight for we . ( 85 cont ) in the safety pod -- ( 85 cont ) zaphod do we lose they ? ford no . they be right behind we . he look down , see the improbability drive button . arthur look , why do not I just hit this thing ? zaphod no ! we be here ! no tell where it will send we ! ( 84 cont ) in the sky -- ( 84 cont ) the missile turn and accelerate high into the sky . a second set of booster kick in on the missile as they soar back toward the h.o.g . --- much , much faster . ( 85 cont ) on the bridge -- ( 85 cont ) they all stare at the approach missile . Arthur look at the drive button . screw it . he flip open the glass lid . zaphod no ! too late . arthur hit the button . woomf ! Light blast through the bridge . morph madness ! 86 ext . space . - night 86 empty for a moment . then , the heart of gold reform . a few beat later , a sperm whale float into frame follow by a BOWL of petunias . 8 77 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 int . the bridge - night 87 it coalesc back into shape out of chaos . the safety dome rise revealing we heroes stand in the exact same place they be - daze . zaphod um ... where be we ? trillian exactly where we be , I think . zaphod and the missile ? ford have apparently turn into a bowl of petunias and a very surprised look whale . he point to the screen . the whale and petunias float by . eddie at a improbability factor of eight million , seven hundred and sixty - seven thousand , one hundred and twenty - eight to one against . they all look to Arthur who shrug . Zaphod nod he approval . Ford count on he finger -- be they even ? he wave it off , give Arthur a little salute and move on . trillian look to Arthur and muster a smile . arthur I could really use a cup of tea . 88 ext . space - night 88 the h.o.g. arch away . the whale in mid-air , stop rise , start fall . guide voice it be important to note that suddenly , and against all probability , a sperm whale have be call into existence several mile above the surface of a alien planet . and since this be not a naturally tenable position for a whale , this innocent creature have very little time to come to term with its identity as a whale before it then have to come to term with suddenly not be a whale any more . this be what it think as it fall . the camera move around the whale as it fall . ( continued ) 8 78 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 4 continued : 84 whale ( v.o. ) ahhhh !!!! what 's happen ? Excuse I ! who be i? hello ? why be I here ? what 's my purpose in life ? what do I mean by who be I ? what be this ' I ' that I want to know what it be ? calm down , get a grip now ... ooh ! this be a interesting sensation ... angle : from below . the whale be wriggle a bit . whale ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) oh ! this be a interesting sensation , what be it ? it 's a sort of ... yawn , tingling sensation in ... well I suppose I would better start find name for thing if I want to make any headway in what for the sake of what I shall call a argument I shall call the world , so let 's call it my stomach ! good. ooooh ! it 's get quite strong now . and hey , what 's this whistling roaring sound go past what I be suddenly go to call my head ? perhaps I can call that ... wind ! be that a good name ? it will do . perhaps I can give it a better name later when I have find out what it 's for ! it must be very important because there certainly seem to be a awful lot of it . hey ! what 's this thing ... this ... let 's call it a tail - yeah ! tail ! the whale thrashes its tail . between the camera and the whale drop the bowl of petunias . it fall from sight . whale ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hey ! I can really thrash it about pretty good , can not I ? wow ! wow ! do not seem to achieve much but I will probably find out what it 's for later on . how . have I build up a coherent picture of thing yet ? no. never mind . hey , this be really exciting , so much to find out about , ao much to look forward to , I be quite dizzy with anticipation ... or be it the wind ? there really be a awful lot of that now , be not there ? it 's eye try to look down . camera pull back from the whale , abandon it ... whale ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and hey ! what 's this thing come suddenly come towards I very fast , so big and flat and round it need a big wide - sounding name like ... ow ... ound ...round ... ground ! that 's it , ground ! I wonder if it will be friend with I ? we hear a sicken thud o.s. ( continued ) 8 79 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 4 continued : 84 guide voice curiously , the only thing that go through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fall be " oh no , not again . " we hear the petunia vase shatter . guide voice ( cont 'd ) many have speculate that if we know why the bowl of petunias have think that we would know a lot more about the nature of the Universe than we do now . dissolve to : 89 ext . heart of gold . magrathea surface - day 89 the gang stand by a huge crater ( the h.o.g. park in the b.g. ) -- a large whale carcass sit in the middle of it -- along with a few petunias . they all grimace . beyond the crater -- they see a formation of large rock , align in a circle . it 's the only structure in sight . they walk toward it . 90 ext . rock formation - day 90 Arthur walk behind the other , he head down . ford ( o.s. ) hey ... this look familiar . Arthur look up , register surprise . the rock formation -- look like stonehenge - only new . the rock letter carve into they that read " design department " " showroom " " executive office " " toilet " ford ( cont ' D} must be portal door . arthur you mean -- the hippie be right ? in the middle of the circle sit a stone receptionist desk with a sign on it that say " out to lunch . " Zaphod head for the " to Design Department " stone . trillian and Ford follow . Zaphod feel around it , look for a switch , a knob , anything . he must have hit something because the front of the stone suddenly slide open revealing a swirling vortex that look like a jet engine . zaphod okay . in we go . ( continued ) 9 80 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 0 continued : 90 arthur what ?! be you out of what 's leave of you mind ? we can not step into that ... that . ford we gotta pick one , right ? if it 's not the right one , we come back and pick another . no biggie . arthur yes -- big biggie . what if that 's the last door we ever step through ? what if it rip we into tiny little atomic particle ... thingy . trillian , who have not say a word since leave vogsphere , cover she ear - try to block they out zaphod it 's the right one . I have a hunch . arthur Ford ..? ford he 's get good hunch . I say we go . arthur go with the hunch of a narcissist with half a brain who 's wear a ridiculous think cap !? be you insane ?! zaphod hey , I think I resent that . arthur I do not care what you think you think ... they all start argue over each other . we focus on trillian -- anger and frustration building , she cover she ear -- then scream .... trillian ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!! and she take off run for the door . suicide ? bravery ? they turn just in time to see she jump into the vortex . she yelp as she body be bent in half , twisted like a rung mop , then suck inside . Arthur be horrify , literally gasp for air . Ford be semi-impressed . Zaphod , unfaze . zaphod that 's suppose to happen ... I think . Ford shrug , throw he towel around he neck like a scarf and dive through . same thing . bent , twisted ... ( continued ) 9 81 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 0 continued : ( 2 ) 90 zaphod ( cont 'd ) hey , wait for I ! he run after Ford , stop at the door , turn like he 's about to board Air Force one , give a salute , jump in . Arthur finally get he leg to move , step up -- but hesitates at the threshold , paralyze with fear , unable to take a step . then -- ffssssh - the door seal shut . arthur no. no! nooo !!! he bang on the stone , slide he hand around like Zaphod do , desperately look for a way to open it . he collapse and bury he head in he hand . marvin I tell you this would all end in tear . CUT to : 91 ext . temple of deep thought - moment later 91 Ford stand outside a stone doorway at the end of a cobblestone street . Zaphod 's body fall to the ground next to he , untwist , unbend and snap bolt upright beside they . trillian be already head down the street toward the Temple . Ford and Zaphod hurry to catch up to she . 92 ext . rock formation - day 92 Arthur sit with he back against the stone , stare across the field at the beautiful double sunset . he look over and see the two mice from the ship -- scurrying toward one of the giant stone door . they slip through a crack beneath the stone . a flash of light burst through the crack . Arthur barely react , so drain of emotion . arthur life be full of paradox , be not it ? marvin do not talk to I about life . arthur here I be , God know how far from home ... marvin do not talk to I about God . arthur ... and this be where I see the most spectacular sunset I have ever laid eye on . we only have the one sun at home . Planet call Earth . ( continued ) 9 82 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : 92 marvin I know . you keep go on about it . it sound awful . arthur oh no , it 's beautiful . or at least , it be ... marvin do it have ocean ? arthur yes . great wide roll blue ocean . marvin can not bear ocean . Arthur look up at marvin . arthur so this be how it will all end , then ? I , on a dead planet -- with a manically depressed robot . marvin you think you have get problem ? what be you suppose to do if you be a manically depressed robot ? no , do not bother to answer that , I be fifty thousand time more intelligent than you and even I do not know the answer . it give I a headache just try to think down to you level . slartibartfast ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . Arthur spin to see a old , beard man in long robe . arthur aah ! he jump , crab walk backwards away from the man . arthur ( cont 'd ) who be you ? slartibartfast my name be not important . Arthur continue to scramble away from the man . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) you must come with I . terrible event be afoot . you must come or you will be late . arthur late ? what for ? slartibartfast what be you name , earthman ? ( continued ) 9 83 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 2 continued : ( 2 ) 92 arthur dent. Arthur dent. slartibartfast late as in " the late dentarthurdent . " it 's a sort of threat you see . never be much good at they myself , but I be tell they can be terribly effective . he motion to the stone that be mark " to showroom . " slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) you friend be safe . you can trust I . arthur trust a man who will not tell I he name ? slartibartfast my name ? very well ... ( heave a sigh , reluctant ) my name be ... slartibartfast . Arthur react with a furrow brow . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) I say it be not important . slartibartfast motion to the door . he look to marvin . marvin I could calculate you chance of survival -- but you will not like it . Arthur rise , cautiously move over to slarti 's side . slartibartfast I must warn you . we be about to pass through , well , a sort of gateway thing . it may disturb you . it scare the willy out of I . he put he hand on a certain spot in the stone and press . the stone dissolves revealing once again the jet engine swirl vortex . slarti motion -- after you . Arthur take a deep breath -- and step in . arthur whaa ! he be bent , twisted and suck away . slarti follow . marvin stand for a moment , then look up to ... 92a the sky -- 92a where the fleet of vogon ship have now arrive . marvin funny how just when you think life can not possibly get any worse , it suddenly do . CUT to : 9 84 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 3 int . vogon destroyer ship , bridge - night 93 kwaltz sit in he chair as they press forward . the ghostly image of the record message appear . ghostly image this be a record announcement as we be all out at the moment . the commercial council of magrathea thanks you for ... kwaltz turn that off . CUT to : 94 int . magrathea / planet showroom - day 94 Arthur be hunch over a litter bin , barfing . slartibartfast I tell you you might find it a bit disturbing . arthur I have find this whole day a bit disturbing . Arthur realize he have he towel with he . he wipe he mouth with it , dab he brow . then he notice ... ... the room -- which be like a car dealer 's showroom only instead of car there be model of various planet . slartibartfast do you know we build planet ? no. Arthur do not know that . he look perplex . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) fascinating trade . do the coastline be always my favorite . use to have endless fun do all the little fiddly bit round fjord . but the galactic economy collapse , and see that custom - build planet be something of a luxury commodity ... ( get back on subject ) at any rate , there 's be a terrible mix up with you planet . you must come with I or it 's all go to blow up in we face . the best laid plan of mouse , you know ... arthur ... and man . slartibartfast mmmm ? what ? arthur the best laid plan of mouse and man . ( continued ) 9 85 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 4 continued : 94 slartibartfast I do not think man have get much to do with it . Arthur look confuse . slarti motion he to a door . 95 Arthur ready he towel at he mouth as slarti hit a 95 button . the door slide open and nothing happen . it 's just a door that lead to a room where several transport cart move past -- like a kid ride at disneyland . they step into one . slarti close the little door . the cart move through a curtain , out into deep space . pull back - till the cart be no more than a speck be push forward by the longest telescoping arm in history . 96 int . - planet factory - night 96 the space be million of mile across . float in it be half - finish planet , construction gantry around they . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) welcome to we factory floor . on arthur -- who be positively blow away . CUT to : 97 int . temple of deep thought -- continuous 97 Ford , Zaphod and trillian enter the dimly light temple . they hear a faint , tinny sound . they follow it . further down the corridor ... the sound get louder . tinny music . and laughter ... flicker light illuminate the end of the corridor . zaphod this be it ! he quicken he pace . trillian and Ford follow . they round the corner to find ... deep thought -- sit there majestically . the tinny music emanate from somewhere near he . Zaphod take another step in and now see the source of the tinny music . deep think be watch tv . a violent , stupid cartoon . zaphod ( cont 'd ) deep think ...! deep thought shhh . this be a good bit . the cartoon continue . Zaphod enter , remove he think cap and reverently approach . he kneel ... ( continued ) 9 86 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 continued : 97 zaphod oh great deep think ... we have travel long ... and far . have you calculate ... the ultimate question ? of life , the Universe and everything ? deep thought no . zaphqd no ? deep thought I have be watch tv . zaphod oh ... Zaphod hold a smile but he world be slowly crumble . deep thought I design another computer to perform that great task . zaphod oh , right ... I forget . ( look around ) be it here ? deep thought not here . another world . zaphod it 's on another world ? deep thought it be another world . or be . zaphod where ? deep thought ask you companion . Zaphod turn to Ford . Ford look confuse . deep thought ( cont 'd ) not he . Zaphod look to trillian . she look equally confuse . Zaphod put the think cap back on . strain hard . zaphod 0kay -- you be sure you do not have the question ? or a way to you , you know -- access it or something . I think I have do like a lot to get here ... ( continued ) 9 87 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 continued : ( 2 ) 97 deep thought shhhhhh ... Zaphod look up . deep think be shushing he ? deep thought ( cont 'd ) the show 's back on . a robotic arm reach out and turn up the volume . Zaphod stand , turn to Ford and trillian , smile that smile -- but it 's start to look a bit craze . zaphod great . this be just great . let 's go find something else for my entire life to be about . he start to march off . Ford grab he arm . ford Zaphod . the gun ? the one humma send we for ? we have to get it . you give the guy you head . zaphod I know . why do I do that ? he pull he think cap down -- all the way over he eye . Ford roll he eye , turn ... ford um ... deep think ? we we be tell you have a g ... before he finish the sentence , a panel in the wall slide open revealing a large , scary looking gun . a robotic arm push it forward . Ford go over , take it , carry it like it 's nitroglycerin to Zaphod who 's already walk away , corridor leading away from deep thought Ford hand Zaphod the gun . ford ( cont 'd ) here . take it . I do not do gun . Zaphod take it with a smile ... zaphod thank you . ... and instantly point it at he head . Ford lunge for it . there 's a struggle . Ford 's try to get Zaphod 's finger off the trigger when click ! the trigger be pull . Ford wince . but apparently , nothing have happen . zaphod ( cont 'd ) great ! this be a bust , too ! ( continued ) 9 88 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 7 continued : ( 3 ) 97 ford hey , man , you must be really frustrated . to go through all you do only to come here and get no answer , which mean no fame and money , and you deserve that , man . because you be great -- you be just really , really great . Zaphod be not sure what just happen . but he smile anyway . trillian , however , be onto something . trillian give I that thing . back to : 98 int . magrathea . planet factory . construction platform 98 the transport cart move past two half - finish planet and on toward a 3rd planet . construction gantry and cloud obscure we view . slartibartfast the galaxy be a bit of a shamble , you see . everyone enjoy themselves be singer and comedian and really creative and interesting thing like that . no one do the boring job . arthur oh , you have that problem , too ? slartibartfast in spade . so a species be genetically engineered to do the boring job . tax inspector , traffic warden , government official . we be commission to build a special planet for they . Problem be , some cleverdick make it so any time one of the creature have a interesting idea it would get a hefty smack around the face . arthur what ? you do that ? I have be there ! the cart lower down toward the surface of the planet . slartibartfast then I gather you have meet some of the inhabitant . arthur the vogon ? slartibartfast ( shudder ) relentless blighter . 9 89 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 9a ext . magrathea - day 99 a two missile screech overhead and soar up toward ... the vogon ship -- descend from space . the missile each hit a ship . they explode . two more missile fire , take out two more ship . but several ship do land . marvin watch from within the stonehenge formation . 99 marvin 99 life . loathe it or ignore it , you can not like it . back to : 100 int . corridor / temple of deep thought - day 100 close on zaphod zaphod ... and you be right , I should not be so upset ' cause life go on and I should just go on with it , right ? pull back to reveal -- Ford be hesitantly aim the gun at Zaphod . trillian shoot he again . Ford reluctantly pull the trigger . click . zaphod hitchhike be good . towel be good , too . trillian brilliant . ford yeah . I kinda like this . she take the gun from he . trillian a gun that make people suddenly see thing from you point of view . useful tool for the derange evangelist try to convert the mass , eh ? she start walk . trillian ( cont 'd ) we should get back . Arthur 's wait . zaphod who care ? trillian ( spin on he ; point ) I do -- especially since we be both somewhat of a endangered species now . ( continued ) 1 90 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 00 continued : 100 zaphod why so edgy ? she can not believe he 's ask this . she aim the gun , click ! zaphod ( cont 'd ) of course you be edgy , you planet 's be blow up and you have be tooling around the galaxy with the guy who sign the order click . she shoot he again . zaphod ( cont 'd ) you actually want to know the question because you always think there be more to life , and now you be crush because you find out there really be not . she 's get angrier and more hurt . click . zaphod ( cont 'd ) you have get no home , no family , no one to be with -- and you be stick with I , another in a long line of man who do not appreciate you because he 's too busy appreciate himself . hear this put a lump in she throat , cause she eye to well with tear . she lower the gun . Zaphod shake he head -- the effect wear off . but he realize what he say and do not like it . zaphod ( cont 'd ) give I that thing . he grab the gun , point it at she . trillian wo not affect I . I be already a woman . before he can react , a bright light shine behind they . they turn , shield they eye . zaphod uh oh -- oh . it 's okay , it 's only a couple of ... flash ! keeeooow ! they be engulf in white light . back to : 101 ext . deep space ( factory floor ) - continuous 101 the transport cart continue toward the 3rd planet . slartibartfast here we be , then . look familiar ? Arthur turn and look . there before he be ... 1 91 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 o1a earth -- Arthur be thunderstruck ... then confuse . 101a arthur so -- it be not destroy ? slartibartfast actually , it be . this be a back - up . Earth Mark ii . arthur so you be say you ... make the Earth ? slartibartfast well , not I alone . it be a group effort . I do my part , though . ever hear of a place , I think it 's call Norway ? 101 b Arthur nod . the cart push through the cloud , towards 101 b ayer rock . a guy on a ladder be painting it it 's familiar red color . some of it be still primer grey . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) that be one of mine . won a award you know . Lovely crinkly edge . I be sorry to hear about it be blow up . shock cock up . the mouse be furious . arthur mice ? who care about bloody mouse ? slartibartfast be you a fan of plate tectonic ? Arthur look up . slartibartfast point down . 101c another man push a button cause mountain to spring 101c up noisily . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) voila ! himalayas . good , eh ? Arthur be work very hard to process all this . 101d jump CUT . they move through a forest where a man press 101d a lever make several mushroom pop up on the ground . slartibartfast ( cont 'd ) earthman , you must realize that the planet you live on be commission , pay for , and run by mouse . it be destroy shortly before the completion of the purpose for which it be build . ten minute later , we would have be free and clear . but we give they we standard ten million year warranty and they have come here to retrieve this back - up copy . and they have bring you with they . the transport cart fly out of forest toward the ocean . ( continued ) 1 92 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 01d continued : 101d arthur they bring ... I be sorry , when you say " mouse " do you mean the little white furry creature with the cheese fixation ? slartibartfast this creature you call " mouse " be merely the protrusion into we dimension of hyper - intelligent pan-dimensional being . the whole business with the cheese must have be a front . they be experiment on you , you see . a vast computer program ... arthur ah . I see where you be confuse . you see -- we be experiment on they . 101e over the ocean , a " perfect Storm " wave roll toward they . 101e slartibartfast oh , I gather they arrange for you to conduct some primitively stage experiment so they could prod you think here and there . but you be actually element in the computer program . they really be very clever hyper - intelligent pan-dimensional being . ( look down ) ah . they have nearly finish the ocean . 101f they move toward the white cliff of dover . a man stand 101f on a cliff hold a giant hose , water spew from it . arthur so -- you be try to tell I that mouse design and build deep think ... and deep think design the Earth ... which be a giant supercomputer ... that you build ... to calculate the ultimate question . only , vogon destroy it ten minute before the program be complete ? slartibartfast that 's bureaucracy for you . arthur actually , this explain a lot . all my life I have have this strange feel that something be go on in the world , something big , something sinister ... slartibartfast that 's just perfectly normal paranoia . everyone in the universe have that . 102 ext . earth ii . english countryside - continuous 102 a &amp ; S swoop down and soar over the English countryside -- partially construct ; tall tree stock with branch and leave lie beside they , wait to be attach . Men roll out sod like a giant carpet , etc . ( continued ) 1 93 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 02 continued : 102 slartibartfast I do not know , perhaps I be old and tired , but I always think that the chance of find out what 's really go on be so absurdly remote that the only thing to do be say hang the sense of it and keep yourself busy . I would much rather be happy than right any day . arthur and be you ? slartibartfast no . that 's where it all fall down of course . ( slow the platform ) here we be , then . l03 the platform slow to a stop . Arthur step out and be 103 stunne to see ... he house . it 's partially construct . the chimney lie intact on the ground , wait to be hoist up . a row of hedge lie on it 's side beside a trench . but it 's he house alright . arthur be this ...? slartibartfast nod . Arthur , in a daze , stumble toward the house . 103a int . arthur denta house / MARK 2 - continuous 103a Arthur enter he house . there be no furniture , no photograph or book or any evidence of he existence there . he feel the wall , the countertop . he 's home ? trillian ( o.s. ) Arthur ! Arthur poke he head around a wall to find ... 104 ford , zaphod and trillian -- sit at a elegantly set 104 table -- stuff they face with a meal fit for a king . 103a int . arthur denta house / MARK 2 - 103a arthur what -- what be you do ? what happen to you ? they talk while continue to stuff food in they mouth . ford funniest thing . ( chew , chew ) we host attack we with dismodulate anti phase stun mist ( chew , chew ) then bring we to this amazing meal as a way to make it up to we ( chew , chew ) . try the mutton . it 's fantastic . ( continued ) 1 94 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 03a continued : 103a zaphod ( mouth full ) Zark incredible . they can not seem to stop eat , like they have be drugge . arthur host attack you --? and then you sit down for -- be that tea ? Arthur have spot a tea pot on the table . he hurry to it , feel it . warm . he pour a cup , take a sip , close he eye , enjoy it . arthur ( cont 'd ) now that 's a cup of tea . franky mouse ( o.s. ) we be glad you like it , Earth creature . he look down and see the two white mice sit on a silver platter . benjy mouse after ten million year on Earth , and a rather large chunk of that time in England , it would be utterly humiliate if we do not know how to make a decent pot of tea . Arthur stare in shock ... can not speak . trillian Arthur , this be we host . benjy mouse and franky mouse ( chew , chew ) . they control a large sector of the Universe in we dimension ( chew , chew ) . I be sorry , I think you be tell about the mouse ... arthur yes . yes , I be . I just be not quite prepare for the full reality of it . he steady himself on the table . benjy mouse sit , earthman . eat . benjy push he hand through the air , the chair at the end slide backward . arthur in a moment , perhaps . I can not seem to let go of this table . slartibartfast step forward . ( continued ) 1 95 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 03a continued : ( 2 ) 103a slartibartfast pardon the interruption , but I will just be get back to work now . benjy mouse that will not be necessary , slartibartfast . zaphod ( crack up , like he 's stone ) smarty fart blast ? benjy / franky eat ! zaphod right . benjy mouse it look like we will not be need the new Earth after all , now that we have find the only live native of the planet . slartibartfast but ... they have nearly finish the ocean . frahky mouse that will be all , slartibartfast . slarti , slightly hurt , back away out of sight . arthur I be sorry , when you say " the only live native " -- do you mean I ? what about she ? benjy hold up a strand of hair , same color as trillian 's . benjy mouse we perform some rudimentary DNA test on the ship . she 's half - native . her real father be a blahardid , the hyper - intelligent yet carelessly nomadic race native to the planet olb , who apparently pop in to Earth for a one - nighter with a one Ms. Francis mcmillan . trillian ( look up , mouth full ) which explain a lot . she go back to eat . Arthur be take this all in . arthur so -- mostly harmless and I . that 's it . benjy mouse we be sorry to have stage manage you so shamelessly , but once we learn you be the only full - blooded earthling in the universe , it be important that we get you here by any mean necessary . ( continued ) 1 96 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 03a continued : ( 3 ) 103a franky mouse we have spend a considerable amount of time on you planet try to find this wretch ultimate question , and the think of do it all over again on account of that idiotic vogon sicken I to no end . which be why you be here . benjy mouse sit , earthling . sit. Arthur go to pull out the chair beside he . benjy / franky not there ! Arthur jump . the other look up . benjy and franky cover they outburst with a smile . benjy mouse this chair be much more -- comfortable . benjy make a motion . the chair he push out before slide over behind Arthur 's knee , make he sit . benjy mouse ( cont 'd ) drink . he slide the cup of tea over . Arthur take a sip . arthur mmmm . this really be delicious . benjy mouse good . glad you like it . now -- to business . Ford and Zaphod raise they glass like drunken sailor . ford / zaphod to business ! benjy and franky fire they a look . zaphod sorry . think you be propose a toast . benjy / franky eat ! Ford and Zaphod eat . benjy turn to Arthur . smile . no one notice , through the window , a row of vogon crest the hill . benjy mouse about this ultimate question . you see , we have be offer a quite enormously fat contract to do the 5d tv chat show and lecture circuit , and quite frankly , we be very much inclined to take it . ( continued ) 1 97 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 03a continued : ( 4 ) 103a franky mouse but - and here 's the point - we have to have product . which mean we still need a ultimate question . benjy mouse or at least , one that sound ultimate . franky house yes . get to sound good . arthur a ultimate question that sound good ... from a couple of mouse ... for a chat show . franky mouse and as it turn out , the chance be astronomically high that the structure of the question be encode in you brain . which be why we need it . more tea ? franky try to pour more tea . Arthur stop drink , a little woozy . do he hear they right ? arthur I be sorry -- do you just say you need my brain ? benjy mouse yes . to extract the question . arthur you can not have my brain . I be use it . franky mouse barely . benjy mouse we can replace it if you think it 's important . a electronic brain maybe . franky mouse a simple one should suffice . who would know the difference ? arthur I would ! franky mouse no , you would not . we could program you not to . Arthur try to get up . clamp spring up from the chair and wrap around he arm . a dome flip over from the back and slam down on he head . Arthur struggle . arthur Ford ! Zaphod ! trillian !! ( continued ) 1 98 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 03a continued : ( 5 ) 103a they be gorging on the food , half - lidd , out of it . arthur ( cont 'd ) what be they -- what 's in the food ?! what be in that tea !? the platter the mouse be stand on rise up , move toward Arthur , ominous surgical instrument spring from it . benjy mouse do not worry . you will not feel a thing . the mouse on the platter move ominously toward Arthur . Arthur , still attach to the chair , back away . scythes and rotate arm with circular see blade shoot out -- ominous surgical equipment to remove he brain . arthur wait a minute , just wait a sodding minute !! the scythes and arm stop spin . Arthur stumble backwards and sit down in the chair . the other stop eat and listen . arthur ( cont 'd ) you want the question that go with the answer " 42 " how about " what 's six time seven ? " or " how many vogon do it take to screw in a lightbulb ? " or here 's one , " how many road must a man walk down ? " benjy mouse hey , that 's not bad . through the opposite window ( in much the same way bulldozer arrive in the open ) we see more vogon arrive . arthur Fine . take it . there 's plenty more where that come from because my head be fill , with question , and I can assure you mate , no answer to any of they have ever bring I one iota of happiness . confusion ? yes. indecision ? load . but happiness ...? he shake he head . benjy mouse we do not want to be happy . we want to be rich . franky mouse take he brain . ( continued ) 1 99 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 03a continued : ( 6 ) 103a benjy steer the platter toward Arthur . he jerk he arm up . they break free of the shackle and hit the platter . the mouse fly through the air and land on the table -- right beside the Pov gun . they scramble to they foot . benjy mouse shoot he !! they try to lift the Pov gun but it 's way too heavy . Arthur , he butt still strapped in the chair , leap over to the table and grab the first thing he see -- a leg of mutton . he raise it high . benjy and franky look up . franky mouse oh , shit . Arthur bring the mutton down , squashing they flat . the other instantly snap out of they food induce haze , Zaphod suddenly clutches he gut . zaphod ohhhh , I think I be gonna be sick . Arthur look up and now he see the vogon march down the hill toward the house . he lean over the table , bump he teacup . it shatter to the ground . 105 on the hill just beyond -- 105 a army of vogon police march over it . amongst they ... marvin -- march as well , a gun hold to he head . marvin ( to the vogon ) I must warn you , I be feel very depressed . kwaltz Mr. President ! we be here for you protection ! Zaphod appear at the front door and wave presidentially . zaphod thank you ! 106 the Police open fire . Zaphod and the other flee as the 106 barrage of fire continue . trillian drop the Pov gun , go back for it . Arthur stop she and pull she behind the truck . marvin catch a bullet in the back of he head - spark fly and he be throw forward ! be he dead ? behind the truck -- ford look at marvin lie face down in the dirt - he head emit smoke . ( continued ) 1 100 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 06 continued : 106 ford okay -- that thing I say about not save my life because we be even ? scratch that . save at will . trillian we need that gun . zaphod ( campaign sound - byte ) we need tighter gun control ! ford we need he other head . ( a idea ) okay -- I will create a distraction . he hold up he towel . arthur ( sarcastic ) brilliant plan . I be certain it will work . ford ( squinting at Arthur ) you know -- I think sometimes you say thing that mean something other than what you be actually say . more gunfire erupt . Ford spin he towel until it 's twisted and teach . he leap up and run towards ... 107 ... the vogon police force -- who see he come , he 107 towel hold like he 's go to whip someone on the ass . ford ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhh !!!! the vogon be so catch off guard , they back away . trillian now ! 108 she and Arthur both run out toward the gun . 108 arthur trillian I think I be ... what be I think I be ... I will get you ... get back ... okay it ... you already ... fine , fine ... fine they each grab the gun just as questular realize ... questular it 's a towel ! it 's only a towel !! get he !! the Police stop they retreat , raise they gun , move forward . Ford skid to a stop and run back toward Arthur and trillian , both cling to the gun , run back toward the truck . gunfire erupt . a and T trip . the Pov gun go fly and land in ... marvine arm . ( continued ) 1 101 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 08 continued : 108 the vogon Police run in formation toward the gang . Ford look back , see the vogon approach . he look forward , see marvin raise the gun . ford duck ! zaphod where ? he look to the sky just as Ford fan out he towel and use it to bring Z , a &amp ; T to the ground just as ... marvin fire the Pov gun , questular duck . click . the entire vogon Police force be hit . they instantly stop . they shoulder slump . vogon police force ( in unison ) oh what 's the point ? they turn they weapon on themselves and ... angle on ford , zaphod , arthur and trillian -- turn they head as we hear the weapon fire . they look up . 108a all the vogon Police lie motionless on the ground 108a include kwaltz . questular be the last man stand . he march toward they , patch of clump baldness on he head . he drop to he knee . questular shoot I . please Zaphod . shoot I . Zaphod take the gun , fire it at questular . he rise -- and paint on a big smile . questular ( cont 'd} what be I so piss off about ? I be great ? I be zark incredible ! everyone love I ! whooo hooo !!! look at I ...etc . questular run towards a lake / blow hole , take off he clothes and jump in . zaphod marvin . you save we life . marvin I know . wretched , be not it ? questular ( distant ) oh man ! I love be I !! they share a laugh . Arthur approach slartibartfast . arthur thank you . ( continued ) 1 102 . hhgg 3rd revise draft 8/8/03 08a continued : 108a slartibartfast I have just be inform by some of the lad that since we be so near completion , we be go to go ahead and finish Earth . we can put it back exactly the way it be when you leave , you know -- unless there 's anything you would like to change . something you think you planet could do without ? Arthur think about it ... look around ... slowly nod ... arthur yes . me. he look to trillian who raise a eyebrow . really ? she smile . trillian let 's go somewhere . arthur yes , you name it . I will go . zaphod I be go to humma 's . he have my head ... I think . do not he ? I be so confuse . ford and I be hungry . after we get you head let 's grab a bite . I know this great restaurant at the end of the universe . as they walk away , we CUT to ... 109 slarti' factory elevator -- where they all board . 109 slartibartfast okay . hold tight . everyone grab the rail , except for trillian who hold on to Arthur . sssssshhhhhhhhhvump ! up into the sky they go . voice ( o.s. ) stand - by for commencement of life cycle . all system check and clear . commence . we hear kl-klunk . bzzzzzzz ... and watch nature burst into life - animal run - flower bloom - waterfall cascade - mountain rise in the mist - monkey bathe in hot spring etc . set to a wonderful , uplift piece of music ( " what a wonderful world ? " ) . tilt up to the sky . the day turn to night . star appear . the heart of gold streak through the star . the end