the gambler written by William monahan adapted from the gambler by James toback January 19 , 2014 ext . hollywood hill . night a modern house , pack with dark - clad figure , cling to the edge of a precipice . its light be blurred in the sort of fog that angeleno call a marine layer . in the road that curve past and below the house , valet be silently take and parking ( drive off to park ) expensive car . valet in they white shirt - front be run up and down the road . the people go up to the house do not seem to be party - goer : they be all male , mostly grave , primarily asian businessman . a fogge view of the valet area be reveal by a sudden sweep of wiper . we reverse to see : a BMW 1 series , the 1m , the orange killer , stand pull over against the curb , under a spray of somebody 's bougainvillea . the car be idling . it contain only the driver . int . BMW . night a brass zippo lighter be click open , shut , open , shut . the driver , jim — the gambler of the piece — be watch the house . Close on he calculate eye . the lighter click open , shut , open , shut , and then a decision be make : jim put the lighter in the pocket of he dark suit , and get abruptly out of the car . ext . the STREET in the hollywood hill . night jim walk downhill towards the valet area . he be tall , well dress , thirty five . he need a shave , he 's tieless , and look like he might have be up for five day straight , but he have decent style , a natural suavity . a filipino valet note he , and the car . valet you bring car here . jim already get a space , buddy . he look up at the lighted house , then at the valet . jim ( cont 'd ) I have get a lucky face . the valet stare , authority challenge , flummox , as jim , with a glance back , go up the steep stair under flaring torch . in the undergrowth we see ( and jim see ) that a for sale sign have be topple over , and badly hide . after follow jim briefly through the garden , over the brick path , and past big security men ( multi-ethnic ) , one of whom nod as jim appear , we go to jim' Pov to enter the house , to move through the pack room . there be a girl inside with a guest list . she know he , make a mark . the room , do up around the edge as a temporary bottle service gambling club , be full of serious gambler . again , mostly asian , but with some serious casual , a few hip - hopper . it 's a cater affair . the same sort of casually employ actor and model and student that move around with drink and food on trays at any party in Hollywood . jim move through the room , note ... table after table , all of they in heavy play , by very heavy gambler . through a door , apart , we see a poker game go on , heavy hitter . jim move on , observe everything , ready for anything , look for what he need , the game he need . a student -waitress ( amy ) , for a moment , might be it : but after make serious eye contact , and a moment in which jim and amy register each other without affect , and he shake he head very slightly to reject either a canape or something much more complicated , she move on through the crowd . he keep move . she keep move . they seem to know each other from another context , and it 's rattle Jim , to see she here . near the money change hand at a improvise caisse , where a woman in specs trade color plaque for cash in the asian casino manner , korean heavies stand guard , earpiece , armed . ( the security guy outside be any security guy : the inner sanctum be Korean ) . jim go to the caisse table , reach into he coat , and pull out ten thousand - odd dollar in a wrapper . he wait , watch , as his money be count ... and as ... the plaque be shove across . as jim gather up the plaque and put they in he coat , he notice a older , tough , grave , civil , unreadable Korean man , mister lee , look at he carefully . mister lee you do better tonight . jim nod . jim could not do worse . they look at each other . jim have he game face : but mister lee always have he . mister lee nod , and , though it 's subtle , allow jim to pass on through into the big , crowded , high - ceiling room . CUT to : int . the blackjack area . night . later spectator be watch . mister lee move up to watch . jim , the only player at the table , with at least eight time more plaque in front of he than we see he buy , absolutely intent on the game , shove 40 k in plaque forward and be deal a card down and a jack up . jim check he down card and see a 4 , and look up at the dealer , like a duellist mark he man . the dealer ( korean , a at -sea family man who really should not be do this , really should not be in this circumstance ) realize he 's in it , and be very nervous . jim double down , make it twenty thousand . the dealer look over at mister lee , who nod he approval . jim get a king . he 's lose . his on - table pile be rake away . he smile , and then deliberately , enjoy it , he push in the last of he reserve chip ... all of they . jim ( cont 'd ) ( to uncertain , sweat dealer ) mister Lee can cover a lot more than that , buddy . ( a beat ) you must be new . mister lee again have to nod he approval . the sweat dealer deal . jim be give a card down and a 2 show . the dealer have a queen show . jim look at he again , briefly ; then flip he down card , see a 7 , and tuck it under he 2 . after catch the eye of the pass ... amy in the crowd ... jim ( cont 'd ) ( off something about Amy ) let 's go for it , brother . ( this mean something about Amy ) double it . jim take a card down , flick it up with he 7 card . it be a ace . he be unmove . the dealer turn up he down card , a 5 ; then draw a 6 for 21 . we stay on the card long enough to count they . jim' counter be scrape away by the house . mister lee move indifferently away through the crowd . on jim : jim be entirely without affect : as if lose money be exactly what he want : to be do with it . he pull out a single red 500 dollar counter , look at it , turn it in he hand , in the well - do light , put it back in he pocket . a bejewel courtly gangsta ( neville ) beside he ( and he posse never far from neville ) : neville I hope you pay you rent , home . jim look at he , perfectly capable of either glass he or walk away . jim I do not pay rent . Homes . after this ( ambiguity ) be take on board : neville you get a problem , a issue of some kind ? jim yeah , I do not like you fuckin’ hat . jim be quite obviously a gambler in many aspect of life . neville and posse exchange glance . dangerous korean have move in at the hint of trouble . jim ( cont 'd ) ( quietly to neville 's ear ) I think you kinda want I to have a issue , so I think of that one . jim toss down he drink , chew he ice , and stare at neville . jim ( cont 'd ) I get plenty of issue . a dangerous guy in a hat 's only one of they . what 's yours ? neville see you outside , motherfucker . jim turn back and spread he arm . jim well , we all gotta go out sometime . it 's never when you want it and it 's always gonna hurt . ( turn back , lean in ) you a gambler ? neville not like you . jim you do not know what I be . that 's the first thing you should know . jim look intently at he , inch away . jim ( cont 'd ) you want to fuck around or do you want to cut card for 500 ? neville look at he , at the raise 500 plaque . neville I put ten grand against you five hundred . be that gambler enough for you ? jim I have not get ten grand . that 's a unequal bet . the courtly neville indicate he smolder posse : neville it 's a unequal general situation . jim appreciate that . jim oh , I like odd . ( hold out palm to the wide - eye dealer , not look at he ) give we a deck . one be shuffle . jim take it , walk with neville to a nearby small bar where champagne be set up , put the deck down , and nod at neville who cut first and show ... with great reluctance .... the king of spade . jim , amused , look up at neville who be not amused at all . jim ( cont 'd ) that 's funny . neville I think you want my business card . the deck be reshuffle and jim cut , revealing , and take up to look at , a jack of heart . amy be watch . jim look at she : and then look down . she turn away . jim toss the card on the table and hold out the 500 marker . jim ( genuinely ) congratulation . he hold out he hand and neville take the plaque and hand over in return a glass of champagne . jim take a small sip and set the glass aside . neville I see you around . I think you like to lose . jim life 's a lose proposition , right ? might as well get it over with . he start off . neville ( over he shoulder ) you need a stake ? jim turn . jim you like stake loser ? neville have no response . jim ( cont 'd ) I know how you stake people . neville then you know everything . he sip he drink and lose interest . jim move away , now break . ( korean watch he , one korean aside talk to mister lee ) . he go to a sideboard load with buffet food , and realize he 's famish . he load a plate , load it , and carry it out onto the terrace . ext . terrace . continuous amy look briefly out through the window at the oblivious jim , concerned , intrigue , and then move on with she tray of canape . jim put the plate on the terrace rail and start to wolf the food . as we come around , mister lee materialize behind he . mister lee you luck be no good this day . jim brass this out : jim maybe . mister lee be intrigue by this guy . mister lee you come in with ten thousand in cash . I do not know where you get it . jim oh , I think we can be pretty sure it be from gambling . mister lee wherever you get it , you do not give it to I . jim no , I do not . mister lee why not ? jim this be a gambling establishment . mister lee you have a family ? a wife ? Children ? jim shake he head '' no '' . ( though this be a lie and a truth simultaneously ) . mister lee look as if this explain plenty , which it may well do . ( though it do not ) . jim stare out over the canyon , come to a abrupt , brass - ball decision : jim well , that depend if you give I ten thousand more in credit . mister lee you owe a lot of money . jim everybody owe money all over the place . have I never not pay you ? mister lee eventually , a debt get too big to pay . then ... no one be responsible . jim grip the rail of the porch . down in the lower garden , prostitute do business by the pool , one or another go off with a businessman into the dark . a freshly unfold aspect of Hell . all whisper into ear . as jim watch ... mister lee ( cont 'd ) some people find impossibility to pay a relief . they life ... be out of they hand . ( closer , as on feisal in lawrence ) I think you may be one of that people . jim take it on . maybe what mister Lee say be what he 's after — maybe it be not . two big korean ( the key one , intelligent muscle ) be now with mister lee . mister lee ( cont 'd ) but all this ... be start to be over . jim look at he . mister lee ( cont 'd ) get I my money . mister lee walk away , he muscle follow . jim lean back with he elbow on the rail , stretch he back , look at the star , and then look over and see : jim' Pov : neville now on the terrace , lie back in a deck chair , smoking a cohiba , he boy seat in shadow nearby . moment later : a shadow fall across neville . he look up . we reverse to see : jim . jim stake I fifty grand . a long look from neville . 10 . neville at twenty point . jim at whatever point you like . we have a conversation about odd . you think I mind they ? neville ( to associate ) give he fifty grand . ( to jim ) make sure my man have you , ah , digit , and so forth . a designer leather bag be dig into . jim take cash , in ten - grand bundle , and go over to the surprised mister lee . he show the money . jim you can take the whole fifty , and we will settle up — but as we discuss , this be a gambling establishment . mister lee keep he counsel ; then keep forty , hand it to a big korean , and hand ten grand back to Jim with a grave nod . jim pocket the ten . jim walk past the smoking , disinterested neville . neville bonne chance . jim I feel better about you hat . but not about you wear it inside . neville look after he . his guy stand up . neville sit down . int . the caisse area . night jim trade the ten in cash for plaque , then head ( amy again pick he up with she eye ) for the blackjack table . jim push all he marker in . the whole ten grand . jim do it . no no . do not look at mister Lee . you look at I . do it. 11 . the dealer deal . jim get a queen show . the Dealer have a ace show . Jim check he down card and see a 3 . he nod for a card and be hit with a 8 for 21 . dealer twenty one . the dealer turn over a 8 , make 20 , and Jim have win . he could cash out now , and big , but he leave he winning down and say : jim play the two . the dealer give jim a 10 up and another card down ; deal himself a king up . jim flip and see another 10 for 20 . the dealer draw two card — and bust . Jim 's win again . jim nod for the dealer to start another hand . the dealer look at mister lee . jim ( cont 'd ) he do not want you to look at he . deal the card . spectator crowd around . neville be watch . amy come through the crowd and she be watch . the dealer give jim a down card and a 8 . he deal himself a 4 show over he down card . jim see he down card be a 4 . jim ( cont 'd ) ( to dealer ) you take it . the dealer turn over a 2 , then draw a jack for 16 and then a queen to bust . Jim win with a 10 for 14 . mister lee watch . the dealer look at mister lee . jim ( cont 'd ) do not look at he . there 's no limit . dealer it 's for you own protection . jim fuck my protection . you do not come here for fuck protection from yourself . ( more ) 12 . jim ( cont 'd ) you come here for the fuckin’ opposite and here I be . deal the card . mister lee nod . the card be dealt . jim win another hand with 21 . he take up the counter . turn away , go , with people watch he , Amy watch he , to ... the roulette table . jim stand and look at the wait table , magic in the light over it . he put down he plaque . neville have come up beside he . jim ( cont 'd ) everything on black . neville Red 's be come up all night . jim you want I to pay you now ? be that what you want I to do ? neville no . jim why not ? neville because you 's 1ll either lose and you be mine for talk shit about my headgear , or either I want to just watch the show . jim it 's all of that thing . neville yeah . jim what about rip I off outside if I win ? neville not in that business , brother . 13. jim everything on black . the ball roll , and it 's nearly black , but then the ball land in ... red the crowd react as if a man have just drop from a scaffold . amy , in the crowd , turn away . jim lean with he elbow on the table for a minute : but then stand straight to look neville in the eye . neville look at jim . jim ( cont 'd ) float I some spend money . neville give he a thousand dollar . neville that 's at twenty point , too . jim fold away the money . he look at neville . he look at mister lee . then he go , push he way through the crowd as that people look after he who still have the interest to do so . ext . STREET in the hollywood hill . dawn jim come down the step , look bleakly at the valet , and then walk up to he car . the sun be rise , lighting the shoulder of the hill beyond the Hollywood sign . int . car . dawn jim sit in he car , exhaust , defeat , take shit on , barely hold it together . he watch neville and he posse pile into two bentley and drive off down the canyon . then he put the car in gear and drive . ext . sunset boulevard . night jim pull up to the seventh veil , and in one long shot get out of the car and head in , hand the doorman a 20 , move through the dark room , avoid the '' dancer '' ( it 's be a long time since strip club in Los Angeles have not be brothel ) until he come to one in particular , a beautiful black amazon in a yellow bikini . she start to do the thing , the come - on ( stripper ad-lib ) ... stripper you a tourist , baby ? but Jim hold up he hand and stop she . jim we be all tourist . it 's the nature of the planet . she start to speak . jim ( cont 'd ) listen . I do not need you to talk . I need you to listen to I . no . no no , you listen . I know it 's hard , I know you want to talk you bullshit , but if you do , I be go to leave . 14 . she nod , maybe get it . he hold out a hundred dollar bill . she look at it : start to speak : but he stop she . jim ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to act like you be in a porn film make for retard , because there 's no girl in here better look than anybody I have ever even go out with once , so I want you to act like a normal woman with no mental problem and then I want you to take this hundred dollar , I want you to take I in back , where you blow people for money , and I want you to do what I ask you to do without say another fuck word to I ever again in my life . can you do that ? because if you can not shut up I can not stay here . finally she nod and take the hundred dollar bill . jim ( cont 'd ) ok . all right . he follow she into the back room as if march to a death sentence and we go to : black ext . ucla . day establish a part of the college , with jim 's car park erratically in the foreground . student and staff on the grounds of the campus like figure in a painting . 15 . int . english dept faculty men 's room . day jim be splash he face with water . he 's still not shave . his white collar be now not clean . out of one of the toilet come a English Department asshole ( jone ) . basically FDR without the wheelchair , senior to Jim , and not as good on any subject . he wash he hand . jone first time I have ever see you without a shave . jim I be try to avoid tenure . you can have that one . jone if I could teach like you I would be a little more grateful . jim examine he . jim fuck you . [ fuck grateful . ] jone go . jim continue to wash . int . ucla classroom . day we only use one classroom for Jim . it 's a big one . this one , only half full , be still a good crowd mix evenly along racial and gender line . he 's a popular professor . among the student be ( and this explain everything ) : amy , watch he , eye tired from she night job , she laptop open . and another be dexter , a white , blonde stoner ucla tennis player , a good one . Way , way , way , at the back , a ballplayer name lamar be check he cellphone while he " academic advisor " be whisper to he fiercely . jim be write on the board '' a groat -worth of wit , buy with a million of repentance '' , then , turn : jim the first public notice that be ever make of Shakespeare be from a grub street writer Robert greene , who call he a '' upstart crow beautify with we feather '' . ( more ) 16 . jim ( cont 'd ) in the book under that title on the board . if you have not discover Robert greene on you own at this point , the man who write the novel pandosto , you do not belong in this class . on amy screen be the famous picture of the ghost of ROBERT greene in he wind sheet , pen to paper at a table , condemn to hackdom even in the afterlife . she click and hide the picture . nebbish ( who have no idea who Robert greene be ) be the steal feather thing because greene know Shakespeare be the Earl of Oxford ? jim put he head on the blackboard . not again . jim listen . the Earl of Oxford publish poetry . it be not any good . have Oxford be able to get a play put on , he would have break a leg to do it . can you think of any human be that would for any reason not put he name on '' hamlet '' ? blank face look at he . jim ( cont 'd ) the oxfordian thing , the anti- strafordian thing ... what piss people off about Shakespeare ... what lie behind every controversy about Shakespeare ... be rage . rage over the nature , and unequal distribution , of talent . rage that genius appear where it appear for no material reason at all . desire a thing ... he pass amy , walk ... jim ( cont 'd ) .+- can not make you have it . he drift through the room , talk . 17. jim ( cont 'd ) the trouble with write , if I may bring it up here in the English Department ... instead of allow you all to talk about sexual politics all fuck day long ... be that we all do a little of it from time to time , write , and some of we start to think , delusionally , that well , maybe with a little time , a little peace , a little money in the bank , maybe if we leave the old lady and the kid , maybe if we have that room of we own , we might be writer , too . why do we think that ? we accept genius in sport , in painting , as something we cannot do , but it 's no more likely that you can be a writer than you can be a Olympic fuck pole vaulter . because what you have to be before you try to be a pole vaulter , be a pole vaulter . student you be one . jim a pole vaulter ? student a novelist . jim no I be not . for I to be a novelist I would have to make a deal with myself that it be ok be a mediocrity in a profession that die commercially in the last century . people do that . I be not one of they . if you take away nothing else from my class , from this experience , let it be this : if you be not a genius , do not bother . the world need plenty of electrician and a lot of they be happy . I will be fuck if I will be a midlist novelist , get good review from the people I give good review to ... student ( 0.s. ) you be better than — 18 . jim I be not better than anybody but the people who suck . ( turn , point , not go to listen to this ) let 's talk about talent . let 's have a look at dexter right there . dexter , a ordinary - look young man with a size forty jacket , regular feature and decent dentition , be the second - rank collegiate tennis player in the United States . he lean in on dexter . jim ( cont 'd ) how would that come about , dexter ? you come from a tennis family ? dexter I start five year ago in high school because the tennis guy have the best weed . jim so you start play tennis because the tennis guy have the best weed . after you start tennis , how long be it before you and everybody else realize you be better than everybody ? dexter be well bring up and do not want to answer . jim ( cont 'd ) not very long . it be immediately , right ? everybody know you be better ? dexter nod . jim ( cont 'd ) what happen when you notice you be naturally better than everybody ? everybody else be lumber around , essentially pretend to play tennis , while you play tennis like Jesus raise the dead . dexter .-.- I get interested in tennis . 19 . jim well , we be all different . my own personal view of Jesus be that he have lose interest in be Jesus as soon as he realize that he be — and that it be easy . you know ... how many leper can you do without get tired ? lazarus and water into wine be good as one - off . I personally think that the thing to do be to one thing , definitively , and then move on ... to something else ... if , and only if ... ( and he be refer to himself ) ..+.- you can figure out what it be that need do . but let 's deal with you . do you remember machiavelli ? that would have be in September . dexter I can remember September . jim be it the game , brother , or the money ? virtu , or fama ? Fame , or virtue ? you be kick ass in tennis . what be you after ? do not go modest on I . what do you want ? money or glory ? dexter do not know what to answer . dexter both ? jim you get ambitious , yeah ? amy be watch . dexter I realize ... as I learn about the game , and about myself in the game , that I be in reach of the ... he do not want to say it . jim lean in and whisper : jim highest possible level . dexter the high level . maybe . yeah . that . jim ok , so you be head for the high level . but it 's not all rose . it 's still a gamble , be not it . thing about it burn you ass ? dexter take that on . nod . jim ( cont 'd ) people out there write article about less good tennis player ? you know why that be , dexter ? they have publicist . I have personally see a article that put a fake question mark over you ability . dexter smolder . jim ( cont 'd ) also I read somewhere that you old high school coach get a job in England claim to have discover and create you . dexter look ready to explode think of that one . jim ( cont 'd ) dexter 's old coach now coaches the UK international team because dexter be good at tennis . he use dexter and fuck he . if dexter break he leg in five place and never play again , this guy , this fuck liar , this expatriate excrescence that come out of a alcohol coma and pomona High School because dexter pick up a racket because the tennis guy have the best weed , be probably go to end up knight for service to british sport . there be two rule : first , be a genius . second : do not get fuck . you get that on board , dexter , yeah ? dexter nod . jim ( cont 'd ) I be a literature teacher . I can not write well enough to bother . ( more ) 21 . jim ( cont 'd ) or I just do not bother . whichever . whichever it be , there will be no apotheosis around here , there will be no ambition here . I put my money down anywhere else . because if I can not be king I will not be anybody . what do the Emperor vespasian say on he deathb ? amy 's hand write " vae , puto deus fio " on she notebook and then conceal it . jim ( cont 'd ) he say , " dear I , I think I be become a God " . if I can not die know that I will be remember , I will not try to be remember . one novel and out . if you want to learn creative write you can go down the hall and find seven people who want to do it and can not . student ( 0.s. ) you can . jim but I will not . because I be not good enough . but do you know who do write at the high level ? when most of we , and even I , write barely adequately ? do you know who it be , in this room ? the nebbish get ready for coronation . jim lean in on he and whisper . jim ( cont 'd ) no , it be not the one who talk the most ... and you really do talk shit . you do not know anything at all . you be a NPR host . top . the nebbish freak . Jim indicate amy . jim ( cont 'd ) the literary person here be ms Phillips . she be the least obstreperous in this room , the quietest , and the only one in this room who can have a real career in letter . some of you can have one perceptually . ( more ) 22 . jim ( cont 'd ) only she can have one in reality . she 's better at write than we US presently amateur number two be at tennis . let 's address the Shakespeare question . where do you come from , ms Phillips ? she be blush furiously . almost soundlessly : amy Ohio . jim Parents geniuse by any chance ? filthy rich ? she shake she head . he round on she like a prosecutor , brutal , blunt . jim ( cont 'd ) you dad be not the Earl of Oxford be he ? amy no . jim how old be you when you read ? almost inaudibly : Amy I be three . jim that 's early . that 's prodigious . any advantage ? literary home life ? she shake she head , but be now hold he stare boldly . jim ( cont 'd ) what be you father ? amy he work in a factory . jim you mother ? amy shake she head . no mother , or do not bring it up . jim ( cont 'd ) what be you mother . amy finally look up . jim she she she jim turn look do . amy she be a alcoholic . she be insane . to the nebbish . jim be not you dad ... nebbish I do not see how this be pertinent . jim ( back on a uncomfortable Amy ) no money , no advantage , not a peer of the realm ? you be not the Earl of fuck Oxford be you ? no ? then why the fuck be you better than the rest of we ? away . jim ( cont 'd ) no , you look at I . jim ( cont 'd ) you be better than the rest of we . if no one 's tell you yet that you be a genius , and a artist , let I be the first . start to cry . go very close to he , and into he very ear , say : white dude in back I do not know if you can say that because I think it be subjective , man . I mean we all have something to offer . jim bullshit . he walk on : 23 . 24 . jim ( cont 'd ) genius be magical , not material . if you do not have the magic , no amount of wishing will make it so . the period end . amy in tear be gather she stuff . to dexter , as he slap he on the shoulder . jim ( cont 'd ) see you at the house , Shakespeare . amy rush from the room . CUT to : int . hallway . moment later jim be move along , notice amy , who have lean against a wall to compose herself . she look up at jim . jim know exactly what he 's do : some good , and he 's not sure why . amy tear off down the hall . jim put he head down , and continue . dean fuller fall in step beside he . dean fuller May I have a word ? jim more word ? I have about have it with they . I do not care about word or anything else . dean fuller that 's ridiculous . Jim , the athletic department — jim yes ? dean fuller have ask how a certain person be do . he indicate the ballplayer from the classroom — a very tall African american youth with a baby face who be sit outside a advisor office ( on the floor so that he height be not absurd ) talk worriedly on a cellphone . it 's lamar hampton . jim look 25 . jim ok . how be a " certain person " do ? the certain person can not write at collegiate level . then again , who give a fuck . half the tenure faculty would be flogge to death for idiocy at any grammar school in any previous century . dean fuller why do you care about that if you do not care about anything ? jim I probably do not care . if you want to give a dyslexic a English degree it 's up to you . dean fuller it 's time to get serious about you career . jim when it be , I will let you know . unless , of course , you let I know that it 's time to not get serious , and I do not care either way . dean fuller you be a bear teacher . at he . jim I be bear a lot of thing . it do not mean I want to be any of they . ( know the answer ) what , they get a particularly big game come up ? dean fuller look desperate and implicate . dean fuller I imagine you would know more than anyone . jim ( lean close ) you do not know anything about I . but hey , I will throw he out of class right now . he can be in academic arbitration and unable to play . where 's you money go then ? 26 . dean fuller be the real gambler . jim ( cont 'd ) oh , I be sorry , it 's already down . I will keep he in class . why do not you give I a call and tell I about villanova . quid pro quo . jim move on and lamar , on the phone , watch he pass , with interest , but continue he call . ext . roberta 's house in bel AIR . day jim in he car wait for the gate to open and then spin in under the canopy of tree . it 's one of the more East Coast house in bel Air . let it breath . Jim stop he car , sit for a moment , then get out , squinting in the California light . he notice that : the front door have be open by a wait butler . he walk over to the front door . butler good morning mister James . jim call I Jim . how 's the weekend . butler crap , sir . jim how have you do on the football ? butler not so good . jim it 's go around , brother . he pass through into the shadow familiar interior . CUT to : ext . the clay tennis court . day like the one at Evans 's house . Jim 's mother roberta be play with dexter , who be she coach . jim be sit in the high referees chair , a hat down over he eye , smoking a cigarette and watch the play . 27 . dexter good , good . that 's great . roberta be a good older player . but can not make the last lob from dexter . she go to the net to shake dexter 's hand . roberta I nil never beat you , mister dexter , but if you ever give I a point again , I will fire you . dexter , barely sweat , grin and get it . roberta ( cont 'd ) good luck in the final . dexter thank you , mar 'am . dexter go to he gear , which be not on the '' hospitality '' side of the court . he 's a employee and roberta be roberta . roberta go to the table at the side near Jim 's chair , and pour herself some ice water from a lemone pitcher . roberta so . why do you need fifty thousand dollar ? jim look away , not answer . roberta ( cont 'd ) I already send off a sum of money to you wife , who have not see you for two month . jim she do not want to see I . he come down from the chair . he get some iced water . jim ( cont 'd ) Marriage be something they do on another planet , Mom . you know that as well as I do , right ? she look at he sharply : then let it go . she wet she face with a napkin dip in ice water . roberta I have never claim to like she , but she need to effect a legal separation , if you be go to go on as you be . intercut : young jim above he 28. jim go on as I be be the only thing I have get . roberta that 's sophistical and beneath you , which you know as well as I do . I think you would agree that modification in you behavior be possible . jim something be possible do not make it mandatory . roberta I know you be in some sort of ... state . I even might know it 's quasi-suicidal . I imagine it 's connect to what happen to you book . you be not narcissistic enough to be put on a show . you be not a adolescent , you be not sick in any way , and we do not even need to say that you be far from stupid . you be my son , but you need to understand very clearly that I have say goodbye before to people that I love . jim yeah , whatever do happen to dad ? hold he breath beneath the water of a pool . at the edge of the pool , through the dance water , we see a couple ( he parent , roberta and whoever dad be ) , fight . she turn on he coldly . roberta I have say goodbye to people many , many time . and so have every person on earth who life a orderly and sanitary life . jim I say goodbye to my wife only because I could not depend on she to say it to I . 29 . roberta I do not want to understand the nature of you problem . I just want you not to have it . ( a beat ) do you know why you be look at I like that ? because I just say what you would say to someone else . he cop to it . roberta ( cont 'd ) any money from I from now on go directly to you wife . if I hear that you have ever touch a dime of it , there will not be any more . even for they . and if you do not stop gambling , I ’1ll cut they off . do not come here for money ever again . jim thank you . he walk away across the court . she turn away to get more water . dexter have pack up . they walk together towards the house . jim ( cont 'd ) sorry to use you in show and tell today . you be head for the final , right ? dexter sure the fuck be . jim we be all in the final . it 's the end of day , brother . it 's the apocalypse . his mobile ring . whatever number be on it , he do not answer . ext . roberta's house . day jim drive out of the gate and he notice a car contain big ernie — a pretty big enforcer dude , but not that big . he get out of he own car , lock it street - park , and walk over to big ernie . 30 . jim you look at my mother 's house for some particular reason ? big ernie yeah I be wonder if she give you any money in it . jim nope . big ernie I be from Frank . let 's take a ride . jim get in and we CUT to : int . ext big ernie' car / santa monica boulevard . day they be just drive along , big ernie say nothing . jim I do not owe Frank that much , pal , and it be not due . not even the vig . big ernie do you or do you not call and ask he for more money . jim look over at he . jim yeah I do . big ernie well , we be gonna go see he about that . we get one stop . big ernie wheel into a crappy motel . CUT to : ext . motel . day jim trail big ernie along a line of motel door . big ernie come to a door , adjust he jacket , and knock hard . it 's a knock you never want to hear . jim do you practice that ? 31 . big ernie not really but I get a junkie girlfriend and it 's how I wake she up in the bathroom . the door be open on its chain , and we have a moment to see the smear unshaven face of a debtor before big ernie kick the door in , break the debtor be cheek in the process . int . motel room . continuous light blast into the dark , long - term residence as the debtor , in wife - beater and underwear , reel back from the door hold he face . in a instant , big ernie be on to he , beat the live shit out of he on the bed . jim watch . a regular sequence of right hand straight into the face , smash spectacle , nose , mouth . the debtor 's face be a ruin mask of blood within second . big ernie drag the guy onto the floor and bring a boot down on a delicate hand . he straighten up , review he work . jim have notice : cartoon silently on tv , toy in the corner of the room . he then see a boy peeping out of the bathroom door , stare at the ruin of he father . big ernie ( to jim ) well that 's too bad , but the memory may mitigate against some pretty shitty genetics . ( idly hand the dumbstruck boy a $ 100 bill on the way out ) feel like a schvitz ? int . schvitz . day frank , who be basically Sinatra , but bald and jewish , sit in the steam , slowly shave he head , as jim and big ernie enter , and sit down — jim less readily than big ernie , who take a cover position . jim sit beside Frank after Frank slap the tile . frank you have a good time with Big Ernie ? jim he 's not that big . frank they be not talk about he jacket , brother . 32 . jim with all due respect , I be not interested in he johnson . frank be you say I be ? jim no. frank I admit that in this milieu we live in , this demi-monde , there be a little locker room humor to be expect . locker room anything always turn out to be fundamentally , in essence , homosexual . I mean let 's be frank . big ernie it have be so since the Greeks . jim I can not argue with that . you know you stuff . frank they use to grease up and have at each other . you do not bet on the football , do you . jim football 's for homosexual . frank a friend of mine say that you be a teacher . jim I be a associate professor at ucla . frank my daughter 's at the New School . Linguistics . hey , she 's not the barbra streisand Professor of gender Studies , but it 's a job . we all get job . mine 's supposedly television production . listen . jim I be listen ... 33. frank the amount of cash you want be more than I be ordinarily dispose to loan out unless , say , you be a medium - size country with the ability to raise tax under the threat of military force . jim smile . frank ( cont 'd ) or , a eurotrash cokehead who have a father who can be squeeze after the kid 's microbudget sci-fi film do not get pick up at sundance . be you follow I ? jim nod , take it . frank ( cont 'd ) you get family that can be squeeze ? I be say that rhetorically . jim let 's deal with this as gentleman who understand each other . frank no , I need we to treat each other like we be not gentleman and that we be very very stupid . jim there 's no family . there 's never any family . frank accept that . frank what do you make , a hundred , hundred fifty a year ? two hundred before tax . jim shrug . frank ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? you have brain damage , some fundamental disability ? two hundred be a monk . jim spread he hand . jim nod . 34 . frank ( cont 'd ) and you , a monk , owe that Korean son of a bitch , the prince of fuck darkness , that much right now , and then another fifty , exclude the vig , to neville baraka . who will kill you because when you cut card he get the king of spade and you laugh at he . jim you be pretty well - inform . frank you borrow 50 k from a very dangerous man after he be already go to kill you . jim yeah . I do . frank birth , education , intelligence , talent , look , family money , have all this be a real comprehensive fuck burden for you ? I see two problem . one , the world at he foot , in this town , and he 's a fuckin’ monk . because , apparently , fuck it . two , he want to die for some unspecified personal reason and therefore owe money to Korean murderer and talk about a schwarzer 's hat in a place where you can get kill and they merely drop you body up the Angeles crest . Three , he want to borrow a quarter of a million dollar to pay off debt which he will not , in fact , pay off because , to go back to point two , he 's suicidal . jim just let I know what you can do for I , all right ? 35 . frank if I help you consolidate this debt , so you do not fuck the Korean or the schwarzer up the ass , do you think that I will be anybody you want to fuck up the ass ? be I likelier to be fuck up the ass ? jim less likely , I imagine . frank listen to I , listen to I , I be not you doctor , I be not you cognitive therapist , but let I be you uncle . you have to pay ten percent a week — jim I know what I have to do . frank well , where be you go to get my money ? jim i’1ll get you money . frank how much you want ? jim I be three hundred and twenty five thousand all in , disregard that I be five month behind on my mortgage . frank when 's the last time you ever have money in you hand to pay a debt , and pay it ? jim start to speak . frank raise he hand . frank ( cont 'd ) do not fuck with I . this will be you first time when you pay . be I right . jim you be right . 36 . frank we be not do . I need something from you . jim collateral ... what .... frank no , I need you to say to I '' I need this money because I be a scumbag gambler '' . '' I be a scumbag gambler who take food out of the mouth of my wife and child . that 's the kind of man I be , Frank , and I want you to loan I , a die suicidal asshole , a lot of money '' . jim that 's too much to remember , to repeat it . frank let make it simpler . I know you be not a gambler . you be do something more complicated that manifest itself as gambling , but I do not have any other frame of reference . I have get money , you want it . if you want the money , you tell I '' I be not a man '' . jim sit . he do not respond . frank ( cont 'd ) say it . say '' I be not a man '' . we do not know whether Jim be go to say it or not and we CUT to : int . ucla classroom . day student be filing out and jim be collect he papers and put they into he briefcase . on the blackboard we see that he have write " hce=here come everybody " . he look up and amy be stand and look at he . they look at each other for a long time . then he extend a palm . she sit down in the chair . that he be in love with she be painfully obvious . that she be in love with he be apparent . it 's one of that time when you know you could cross the room . he smile , and then do not . he look at the ceiling . another moment . 37 . jim yes ? amy do you mean what you say ? about I have talent . jim I say what I say . be there something you do not get about '' a plus plus plus , see I ? '' on every jim concede it . he stare paper ? amy then you never '' see I '' as a matter of fact . jim yeah well I be busy and also ... I do not want to see you . amy because I have see you ... at she . amy ( cont 'd ) in you other life . jim it 's not another life . anybody can see I , not see I , I do not care . there 's nothing to look at . there 's nothing that 's go on except that I can not see you privately . she get it . amy oh. jim there it be . I do not know how to lie , so I can not talk to you . amy if you be talk about have a cup of coffee or something , half the faculty ... jim I be not half the faculty and I do not have a social life or a personal life , and I do not have coffee . 38 . she rummages in she bag and throw he novel on he desk . he look down at it . amy would you sign that for I please ? jim I can not . she start to go . she do . jim ( cont 'd ) please sit down . jim ( cont 'd ) if I have do you any good , accidentally by just tell the truth because I can not help it , I be glad , but I be a contaminate , suicidal fuck - up and I be not hurt another person on the face of the earth . she indicate the novel . amy I want you to sign that . jim absolutely not . amy I want you to fuck sign it . jim trust I , I be not be dramatic , but that ... he push the book away ... jim ( cont 'd ) ... be somebody else . who think other thing . who live ina different world . I can not and will not sign it . 39 . amy you be be dramatic . which be not surprising since the novel be ok but you be basically a dramatist . jim probably but who give a fuck . put the book in she bag : amy I do not get to college until I be twenty five because my father die of cancer and my mother be a drunk , I be a older undergraduate and I want to go to a restaurant . jim there 's a whole bunch of thing I do not do any more . that 's kind of up there . Long silence . when he look up , she be go . jim pick up a pen , look at it , and then violently smashes its point on the metal desk . ink be all over he hand like blood and he look at it . ext . jim 's house in the hollywood hill . day it 's a treehouse shack , termite - eat , a divorcee 's hut . int . jim' house in the hollywood hill . day jim sit with a towel wrap around he at the kitchen table , drink coffee and stare into space . he look at a pile of paper , lose interest . his phone ring , vibrate on the yellow linoleum of the 1950s table . jim guy with no money speak , how may I direct you call ? neville I be read you book . and he be : intercut neville lie on a Empire day in a fantastical boudoir . 40 . jim yeah ? I just have a bit of a conversation about it . Long beat . page turn . neville it 's not bad . jim if you want to get into produce . there 's only about a hundred grand against it at Warner Brothers . good script . I know the guy who do it . neville it 's a indie if anything . jim that 's what they think . neville I hear you go to Little Frank for money and that he would not loan it to you . jim well you hear wrong because he do try to loan it to I , and I do not take it . neville you do not like the term ? and this , as we come around on Jim , be Jim 's shred of hope in himself , however casually he say it : jim no , the term be unacceptable . neville but you be into I . I be not fannie mae . ai not no bailout . jim why do you loan I the money ? neville a gamble between two player who like to play . you and I . stake high . you know the time frame . tick tick tock . ( more ) 4l . neville ( cont 'd ) this could be good for you , brother , as a man who need to come to he sense , but either way , you owe I . peace out . jim hang up , sit for a while , and then dial a number . jim I want villanova tonight by twenty point . CUT to : ext . a marina . day a mahogany yacht from the 1930s be swarm with its uniform crew . on the rear deck a old man in a wheelchair sit like a lizard in the sun . it be Jim 's grandfather , ed . Ed be not only on a iv for hydration , a bag attach to the wheelchair receive a occasional trickle of money - color bile . jim be look : a sudden increase in the bile . ed ( a broad swamp yankee accent ) I drink a ginger ale , it come right out . look at that . but I still like the taste of it . I like it here , too . I be not go anywhere until they come and get I . I use to take this boat to french polynesia . other place . everywhere . they say they will do my ash ... throw gesture at the water ... ed ( cont ’d ) so I can travel . but I do not buy it . I have a daughter . she will get I in a box no matter what I write down . jim do you know who I be ? ed yeah . a long beat . ed ( cont ’d ) you be my jim. 42 . jim have to put he sunglass on . intercut : a younger jim than the boy in the pool , sit on a younger ed' lap and " drive " a big vintage bentley car round and round the driveway at what be now roberta 's house . jim surface as ed grab he steward by the white - coat arm . ed ( cont ’d ) this be my grandson , Jim . steward ( disapprove ) I have meet you grandson many time . jim ( to steward ) he say I could use the boat , brother . if you be not careful I ’11l use it again , and bring more mexican . the steward , who be mexican , grimace politely and fuck off . jim ( cont 'd ) he do not like mexican , and he 's a mexican . I can not figure it out . ed take all kind . write anything ? jim that 's all do . ed well I will not waste time call it you prime of life . jim no , I would not bother do that . ed just be around to bury I . jim I will be . ed not to get the money because you will not . that 's we deal . 43. jim I remember it . ed nothing be the best thing I can give you . I do not care about the other son of bitch , they can have the money . they need it , because without it they be zero . with you ... the best thing I can give you be zero . Jim ? jim I be here . jim stare through he sunglass . jim look ed I tell you mother the other day that I have just be play card with my sister on a porch in Connecticut in a lightning storm . you mother convinced I otherwise . she tell I my sister be dead . jim she would . ed how do you be a writer when you mother be a writer be what I want to know . jim you do not . the situation be very nearly Greek . ed anybody ever write about you it would be half about she . no wonder you say fuck it . at the old man with great appreciation . ed ( cont ’d ) however , you come into this from nothing . you go back into nothing from this . so in between , you have to do what you have to do . it 's the only time you get to do it . want to write down what I remember . too late . can not do it now . why I marry you grandmother . 44 , jim tell I what you remember . ed think . ed she say '' Edward unless you stop dissipate yourself and get you elephant to croydon I be marrying Frederick sitwell Three . '' well I could not stand the think of that . I be not go to let Fred sitwell to get anything . how many of we succeed not because we want what we get but because we can not be see to lose ? you sit there right now because I hate Fred sitwell . male behavior . be what it be . lady different . Long study of subject . be at it a hundred year now . first man to build a bridge , know what he wife say to he ? jim shake he head , smile . ed ( cont ’d ) '' what be you , too lazy to row ? '' jim laugh . ed ( cont ’d ) so because I be a jackass who have to defeat another jackass in combat there I be marry almost seventy year to a woman who by and large only give I a hard time . get my elephant to croydon , though . Computers then be card . hole in card . never understand it . Said I do . invest in it . jim do you ever gamble ? ed no. gambling be synthetic experience . coward do it . jim get it . and the grandfather , now look up , be not as senile as he may have seem . ed ( cont ’d ) there have be some call at the office , Jim . even on the boat . 45 . the steward be glaring from the companionway . jim what sort of call . ed look off into the marine haze . ed do not matter . whoever 's after you , you be on you own . you will get out of it or you will not . they sit there . ed ( cont ’d ) you want something to eat ? ext . jim 's STREET . hill . day his BMW be be hook up by a tow truck by guy with tattoo and weird hair and be drag off in a cloud of diesel smoke . jim , in a bathrobe , watch from the door . he look across at a neighbor , a regular middle class retire person , who be stand with a dribble hose . jim safe be easy . you keep at it . for all of we . int . jim' house . bathroom . later Jim be in the bath eat cereal and watch a college basketball game . ucla . a small boxy tv be balanced on a chair . in many of the shot we see , repeatedly , and we be in very close , lamar , he student and ucla star . on jim be face : jim oh , do not do that . we hear a ref 's whistle and a roar of disapproval . announcer you know with some people like adrian Mueller you just do not know what they problem be . he foul when he have no reason whatsoever to foul . 46 . jim well , either he can not help it , Chuck , or he could , but do not . you be the judge . ext . jim' porch . day roberta come up from she car , up the walk , and knock on the door . no answer . she find it unlock and go in . int . jim' house bathroom . day jim spoon cereal and milk , watch . the game . he look up to see : roberta , dress to the nine , look at he . roberta reach out a foot in manolo blahnik and push the tv off the chair — there be a explosion of cathode tube , off — and then sit down on the chair . roberta you always say you lose interest in sport after you stop play they . jim I do . roberta leave the room and jim , after sit for a moment , begin to get out of the bath . his foot avoid the break glass and he whip the tv plug out of the wall . int . jim' live room . day roberta be sit agitatedly in a chair . jim come in , in he bathrobe , and immediately switch on the same game on the wall unit . roberta you have money on this game ? jim do not answer . he look back at the screen . lamar sink a three - pointer . jim he 's in my class . roberta be he good at English ? jim think , weigh it , and then say : 47 . jim no. roberta do you really want to be a man who go to he mother to cover gambling debt ? jim think about it . he 's in , if he play it right . roberta ( cont 'd ) that you do not want to live with you wife , I accept . you never should have marry she . why do you ? jim because the odd be not good . roberta how bad be the trouble you be in . jim I be always in trouble . roberta I mean : do you still need the money ? jim no. roberta I do not know when to believe you anymore . ( a beat ) perhaps I should believe the gangster that call my house . jim after a complex look at he mother reach for a pad of paper and write on it and fold it and hand it to she . roberta ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? jim what I owe . she open it and read . roberta ( tremble with rage ; get up ) how be that possible ? 48 . jim it be the same as marriage . I gamble , I lose . roberta Marriage be in the real world . it 's not a game of chance . jim now you be talk crazy . he eat cereal again . jim look roberta what will they do to you if you do not pay ? at she . jim break every bone in my body . or go after the family . roberta whacks he across the face . jim take it . roberta this be not something you can not help . you be do it on purpose . jim there 's go to be a time when I want something again . when I will not allow myself to be see in this condition . but it be not now , and it be not up to you or anything you or anybody say . she sit hold the paper . then : roberta be you degrade enough to go to the bank with you mother ? int . a bank cubicle . day jim and roberta be seat . Jim 's dignity be somewhat cover by sunglass as he sit beside he mother . roberta I wish to withdraw three hundred and twenty - five thousand dollar in cash . 49 , the banker look up . roberta ( cont 'd ) I wish to withdraw three hundred and twenty - five thousand dollar in cash . the banker look from roberta to jim and back to roberta . banker in case like this ... I have to ask if everything be all right . roberta nothing 's '' all right '' when someone need that sort of money in cash , but it 's my money and it 's none of you business . banker ( to jim ) be you a relation ? roberta this be my son . the banker take this on . jim be you imply she 's under duress or something ? banker ( not to be fuck with ) should I ? roberta the money 's mine , there 's plenty of it , and please do not tell I even once that you bullshit be for my own protection . that be understand . you have a withdrawal slip , you have my id , I have sufficient fund , my family have be with this bank since my father start it and I need three hundred and twenty - five thousand dollar in cash . the banker go onto she computer . banker you be absolutely sure you want it in cash ? ext . bank . 50 . roberta Cash . banker I need to get the ok of another officer . roberta ( face burn ) do what you have to do . dusk roberta , shaking with rage , hold the big yellow envelope of money . roberta this be the last of it , forever . jim be look around at the city , as if he 's not really there . jim nod . jim look roberta ( cont 'd ) if I ever have to feel the effect of you problem again , be they make up or real , or pay the consequence of you foolishness . I will never see you again . do you understand that . roberta ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) I need you to really ... fuck .. understand that . and I need you to feel like something not even human when you take this envelope . be I just a bark dog in a silent film ? what the fuck be I to you ? at she . roberta ( cont 'd ) do you even give a damn or do you just want to take the money . do you want to just take the money and go ? even if I say goodbye to you and consider it cheap to be rid of you ? jim I want to take the money and go . 51 . she drop the envelope on the ground . jim pick up the envelope . roberta put she face in she hand . then , tough old bird , she recover herself , and race off towards she livery car . we now be watch this departure , jim hold the money , and roberta pull away in the back seat of she town car , from the Pov of a car down the street . as jim begin to walk , the car be put into gear , and begin to move slowly . int . a cab . night jim , the yellow envelope on he lap , be drive through koreatown . he pass a dubious doorway of a building contain a Korean grocery that be not really a grocery ( the first layer of deceptive business that conceal the gambling establishment ) . there be black car park in front of it , a knot of korean heavies smoking cigarettes on the sidewalk . jim be agitate . he 's struggle and lose . there be a reason he do not want to pay . jim ( talk to himself , more than the driver ) no no no . I do not want to go here anymore . driver this be what you say . korean heavies , who we recognize , have recognize jim in the back of the erratic cab . jim it 's not time yet . it 's not time . drive . I tell you to fuckin ' drive . he sit back . he look at the yellow envelope on the seat beside he . then forward . the korean heavies stare after the cab , one of they walk into the road . ext . jim 's wife's house . day the cab drive away . 52 . int . garage and house . day . various jim , hold he envelope , note that the car be go . he look at the stroller in the corner , beach bag , other object recognizable from previous life . he use a key on the interior door and after get in disarm the adt alarm . he look around the kitchen , the high chair at the table , the wash - up bottle by the sink . he sit down at the table and with a finger turn around the baby 's placemat : it be a brightly color map of the world . he turn it back to where it be . he go and look at the thing stick to the refrigerator : baby picture , but nothing of Jim . he clutches the envelope full of money . he continue through the house . he regards the live room . he open a door into what use to be he study and see that the shelf be empty and the book be half put into carton and half stack on the floor by the door . there be no desk , merely four indent in the carpet where the desk leg use to be . he take that on : he move along to look into the bedroom . a crib with a mobile , the baby 's thing . he go along and look into the other bedroom , and when he switch on the light stand there with head cocked , look at : jim' Pov : a man 's boot , a rumple bed , two water bottle and a wine glass on the night stand . he go into the bathroom and see : a leather bag of shave tackle . not he . he sort through the toilet kit and find condom , and , oddly , rogaine packet . he lean against the wall and stay there , head back , eye close , hold he crinkling envelope of money . from off we hear two car door slam close . jim push off the wall , and head slowly back towards the kitchen . int . kitchen . day jim' wife have put the baby in the high chair and be put grocery away . she turn , startle , and stare . jim stand in the doorway . jim ignore he wife , and go and look at the baby . the baby know he : smile , three tooth only , and that on the bottom . 53. jim hold out he finger and the baby take it . jim 's wife , palm on the counter , have begin to cry . jim well . we can not really make anything you could call a plan . I can not say have he with he hat on at the door on Friday . it 's just not like that . the house be yours . I do not care what you do in it . he look at the baby . jim ( cont 'd ) can I pick he up ? she look at he and nod . jim pick up the baby . jim ( cont 'd ) well , buddy , at least you be somebody 's great- grandson . Exeter , Harvard , and then you be on you own . my father fuck up . I fuck up . ( to wife ) when do we tell he that he paternal grandfather shot himself because he be marry to my mother ? jim' wife I do not think you should be here . jim well who should be here ? mister rogaine ? this be my child 's house . jim' wife you do not get to say whose house it be . jim there 's a male thing . you have to kind of fight it . it 's this thing call '' I do not want she but you can not have she . '' it 's responsible for quite a few marriage and most anniversary . so I be kinda take that on — that , and that closet full of shitty suit . what be he some kind of salesman ? a fuck salesman ? 54 . furiously blush : jim' wife he 's not a salesman . he 's in marketing ... realizing that 's the same thing , as jim smile : jim' wife ( cont 'd ) fuck you . some people be just people . jim I realize you might need some company around here but I be disturb at the stepfather idea . jim' wife really ? enough to come home ? it 's real , too . jim sit . jim I can not come home . jim' wife why can not you come home ? jim oh , telemachus here be not ready and ithaca have a new king . jim' wife there 's no new '' king '' . please do not make more of it ... more of it than ... jim why 's he stuff in here ? no , I do not care . ( he suddenly attempt to hold she ) I be tired . I be tired . jim' wife tire ? jim ( hold she ) I always be the golden boy . I very badly need to fuck up . do you understand ? she just look at he . he slap the envelope in he hand . 55 . jim ( cont 'd ) I also really need to see some asshole 's suit in the closet . I really do . he look at the baby as if it be a complete enigma . jim ( cont 'd ) the one you be carry now . it 's not mine , be it . she shake she head and begin to cry . jim leave the kitchen . he stop to kiss the baby on the head . jim ( cont 'd ) but you be , buddy . you be . ext . a boulevard . day jim , like a poor man , or a DUI case , sit at a bus stop . a bus come along . int . jim' office . day quick shot of he put the envelope into he metal desk drawer and turn the key . ext . jim' house in the hollywood hill . day a car pull up , contain two korean guy , the heavies who see Jim earlier that day . they look at the house through they sunglass . one get out and go up to the door and knock . int . jim' modern novel classroom . day the same classroom , but a seminar-sized class for very basic " modern novel " go-through with people not so good at English . lamar , long leg stretch , sit texting on he phone . he be the basketball player we see on Jim 's tv . jim in the Stranger , camus 's protagonist fire five shot . the sixth shot of the revolver , he be reserve , symbolically , for himself . notice that that lack of a sixth shot , which no one else ever have , be why I be here now . ( more ) 56 . jim ( cont 'd ) along with the be really fuck good at English thing . lamar maybe the dude have the hammer down on a empty chamber or it be a weird french piece that only take five . jim my idea work better if he have a full six . lamar I do not understand suicide . jim seize on this . really ? really ? a hand be jim that 's because you be happy . lamar what be you ? jim I be teach the modern novel . lamar you get the new ml. how you unhappy ? jim ( to lamar ) it get repossess . ( to class ) you know I use to do some journalism and I be send by a magazine , the New Yorker , as a matter of fact , to interview a famous writer . I put the recorder on the table , I get my pad and pen out , and the great man come in and do you know what I do ? I get up and leave and I go home and finish a novel instead . sort of a Frank sitwell situation ... raise . student who be Frank sitwell ? 57 . jim a major figure in american realism . you know , we really should have go for american realism . I mean , let 's have more fuckin’ realism . I mean , should not I be teach you thing ? I know all you be here for be a sufficiency of English credit , but Jesus if I be here I ought to be do better . I ought to be do better but I can not be fuck . just write down that he save the sixth shot symbolically for himself , and you will not find it reference anywhere because I be the only one who think of it . it 's in a monograph somewhere that get I into this situation . lamar watch : be the teacher crack up ? but then he get a text and look at it . jim ( cont 'd ) lamar , we talk about the cell phone shit . lamar look up from the screen . and as the bell go : jim ( cont 'd ) stay after . ext . a practice court . day jim chuck the ball to lamar , who be shoot hoop over and over from the foul line . jim do I have to get ten guy and some weapon , take out a life insurance policy , and try to put that phone up you ass ? because I will . even if I be lose my shit in here I need you to pay attention . lamar you be not the only one lose he shit . I have stuff go on at home , home thing . jim like what . 58 . lamar I be gonna talk to you anyway . I can not talk to anybody over there . gesture vaguely at the invisible athletic Department . lamar ( cont 'd ) because all they say be what keep I in line for what they want I to be . which be '' lamar '' and I do not want to be '' lamar '' . I do all that just want to be a fuckin’ dude in the universe . or do more than be '' lamar '' . do you follow I ? jim maybe I know all about it . lamar fuckin 's coach do not know it , but there be more than be '' lamar '' . I stick with this shit I 'il go out of my mind , be one of that brother talk about himself in the third person . talk about how lamar hampton be at ease with he celebrity . jim smile . a beat . lamar ( cont 'd ) you think I be stupid ? jim nope . I just know you can not write the way you think and so do you . lamar yeah . I be think about the voice recognition . lamar ( cont 'd ) you know I can not be anything else cause they get I in a box where they want I . jim trapped by talent . imagine that . 59 . lamar you know with you it 's all existential situation and shit no matter what you start talk about . no matter what you start talk about you come around to be free or not free . how to be yourself or just fuckin’ kill yourself . jim be that what I talk about ? all or nothing ? lamar I never hear you talk about anything else and I have four class with you . jim maybe you get I . jim go and sit down . lamar loft one and sink it . he come and sit beside jim . lamar I need to go pro . jim I do not think you be gonna have any trouble , lamar . lamar I do not mean later , I mean now . I already get a knee . nobody know about it cause I do not say anything but I already get a knee . I be not gonna tell you my mom need a operation or my little sister get spina bifida , and I be not gonna tell you I do not already revenue up within the system , but I be tell you I get a knee . I get a knee , I be a junior , and whenever I say I do not want to play college ball my senior year nobody listen to I , it 's like I be speak fuck chinese on another fuckin planet , and the agent tell I I do not have the market value I will have if I play out my senior year , but what he do not know , be that I have a knee . 60 . jim you have it look at away from the department ? lamar yeah . jone come in , arrive with some other faculty to play hoop . he pause interrogatively . jim ( to jone ) work out , do not work out , you be still gonna die . you do know that , right ? ( to lamar ) you have my cell . call I if you want to talk or if you want to tell I what the fuck to do cause I do not know either . as he pass jone , who be tightening he lace . jone everything all right ? jim I do not want to be I , he do not want to be he , but you want to be you . and , on the whole , that bear some serious consideration . jone stare after he for a minute , then lose interest and continue tie he shoe . ext . ucla campus . day jim be walk towards the road and come to a bus stop , hold the satchel with the money in it . he have sit down with domestic worker when a elderly vw rabbit pull up , and the passenger door open , a invitation for a ride . amy be look at he from inside the car . amy if I have to draw you into a inappropriate relationship , to get you out of this job , I be ready to do it . jim so be i. 61 . amy get in and clear a mess of book and papers and water bottle off the passenger seat , look up at jim cautiously . jim get in . they look at each other cautiously . amy well all right . jim stare at the floor , into space , and then ask she : jim be today Friday ? she nod . they look at each other some more . jim ( cont 'd ) you have see I . you know what I do . amy nod , nervously . jim ( cont 'd ) be it ok if I say that if anybody 's gonna change I , that may be possible and it may be you , but it 's not go to be today ? amy nod . jim ( cont 'd ) and that 's ok with you ? amy nod . amy where be we go ? jim a casino . ext . a parking lot . day we see amy car in a ocean of not expensive car and then reveal a indian casino near Palm Springs , waver in the desert heat . int . the casino . day . various near-derelict , not good - looking , poor people be feverishly gambling at the chump game . slots. bingo. 62 . jim , with the stunne amy by the arm , conduct she past and through more gambler : fuck guy in cowboy hat , lady with coin bucket and oxygen hose , fat people in structural wheelchair , enormously fat freeform waddler in stretch pants . Jim be jubilant . amy be have a good time . amy there 's something wrong with everybody here . they all ought to be in the hospital . jim that 's right . but they be not . the man want you to be in the hospital . amy laugh . jim ( cont 'd ) this people be goddamn Americans make a major stand for freedom of choice . for autonomy . ( note a walking frame couple , one with a oxygen backpack ) well , assist autonomy . amy stop it . jim ( round on she seriously ) this be the inside of my soul , kid : you be take the grand tour : this be what I have get . amy be suddenly frighten . amy bullshit . jim yeah , well . maybe not . at least I be gonna get rid of my mother . they pass on , jim carry he satchel . int . the blackjack table . day jim , amy beside and behind he , sit down beside a drunk ranchero , who eye he chip . 63 . ranchero how far you go , man ? jim Far as it go , buddy . ranchero I go about as far as that seat on the other side of you man . meaning the seat in which Amy be sit . jim save it for the old lady , cowboy . the ranchero drink he longneck , laugh . jim put chip in and as amy watch , the game begin . dealer that 's five hundred dollar . jim yes it be . you a dealer or a investment counselor . a jack . a deuce . jim indicate : hit I . he lose . he look at amy . then he hold out the room key . she take it . he turn back to the table . int . casino . various move onto a montage of jim gambling , at everything , with everything ... and end with he see the last of it go . ext . the joshua tree inn . day the place where Gram parson die . out back there be a pool , not very well maintain . jim and amy be sit together on chaise- lounge , the only guest there , a fountain trickle nearby . amy when you say " everything " , that you lose everything , what be you talk about ? jim look over at she . 64 . jim I start with three hundred and twenty - five thousand dollar , but in total I lose about five hundred thousand ... I lose track . she can not comprehend it . while she be still try to process : jim ( cont 'd ) let 's go to the desert . amy -..- we be in the desert ... as he take she by the hand and pull she to she foot we CUT to : ext . the desert at joshua tree . day a huge shot of the desert . wind , devile dust . jim wake in the shadow of a boulder , lie on a blanket . he sit up . Amy be nowhere to be see . jim grab water and walk a little way out into the desert . giant rock formation all around , look like human face , like god . he come to a little hill and sit on it look down across a plain . the moment seem to be biblical . jim , face whiten by dust , stare into himself , use the desert as a mirror . Amy sit down beside he and he do not react . then after a moment he put a arm around she . jim I be in Morocco once and the muzzein be go and the palm ... a wind come up and they rattle and I think , you know , I hope that be not god . because if god exist I could not deal with the humiliation . no one need that class of competition . ( more ) 65 . jim ( cont 'd ) whatever descartes say , game 's over , if there 's a god . there 's no game if there 's a god . he look at she . she nod . jim ( cont 'd ) do you know that I be not a gambler ? jim ( cont 'd ) would you know that if you see I with a needle in my arm that I be not a junkie ? amy yes . I see you be a professor for three year and we know you be not one of that , either . what you be be all yours . you be the perfect example of how a person can start out with no problem whatsoever and make sure he have all of they . jim look around at the desert , get it . amy ( cont 'd ) I be pretty sure that 's you intention . jim there 's no relative degree of suffer . you want I to talk about my " problem " ? my case for they ? I will not . I do not like people with problem or the vanity to bring they up . that 's where I be from . I be like ... he realize it . jim ( cont 'd ) ... my mother . ( a beat ) whether I be like my father or not , I could not tell you , because she drive he out when I be little . like I do with ... he stand up abruptly . 66 . amy and you think you do not need anyone to talk to ? jim I need a lot of thing . I gotta wipe myself out first . I need to have no past . if I can get to nothing , then I can start . amy I do not think that you remember all the thing that you say or that people remember they . in class you say , life 's short , get on with it , and always do the right thing , that 's all there be to it . jim I do ? she nod . amy pretty simple , but right on the money . jim I say lot of thing . my main position be that anyone who say they know what life be be full of shit , especially I . and even if I have do you any good , I be still contaminate , until I be clean . he get up and wander away into the mid-distance , amy watch he . int . the car . continuous jim' duct -taped cellphone ring . we stay on the phone as it ring and ring . amy open the door and reach for it . CUT to : ext . the desert . day jim look around , and see amy walk towards he with the phone . he start towards she as if he know very what it mean . int . a private hospital room . night ed' trickling bag be still fill with bile , but ed himself be unconscious . mere day have do he in . jim sit beside he bed in the room . ed come awake , suddenly : and look around in wonder . he finally focuss on jim . ed you and I be gonna be straight that I have have it . everybody else be full of baloney . jim I be gonna miss you . ed look at the acoustic tile ceiling . ed fuck that . I will not know about that . I need to know what you be worth when I leave you with nothing . what I need to know be that you will do I proud . you be I , if you will have it . you be all that I have get that 's anything like I . jim can not handle this . ed grab he shirtsleeve . ed ( cont ’d ) hey , asshole . if you think life be difficult you should try this . jim and he grandfather laugh . jim I know . I be sorry . ed not as sorry as I be . I think that nurse take my wallet and I have have the same money in it for ten year . what be you gonna do for I , Jim ? my Jim ? jim I will do the best I can . ed you be on you own . that 's the point . jim I know it . 68. ed extend he hand to shake . jim take he grandfather 's hand . ed I be worried about that nurse . but I do not think I be gonna need my driver licence . do you ? ext . hospital corridor . day jim , come out of the room , meet he mother , ready to go in . they look at each other . roberta go into the room , and jim go off along the corridor . on black we hear : ed' voice funny thing . ext . a los angele cemetery . day jim stand in a black suit , white shirt , one hand clasp a wrist , watch as ed' coffin be lower into the ground . ed' voice everybody 's alive at once . when my mind go . I will see a dream and in that dream ... everyone 's at the table . my father . his father . you be there too , which be impossible , because I be dead . my mother come in this morning and wake I up for school . roberta stand some distance away , alienate one from the other . ed' voice ( cont 'd ) there 's this other world that keep get bigger with more and more people in it that I remember , where everybody 's alive ... and I say that as a atheist , but I be say it . moment later roberta drop earth on the coffin . then jim step forward , pick up some dust , and do the same . 69 . ext . a los angele cemetery . moment later jim be move fast through the break - up crowd , avoid roberta , who stare after he , avoid young male cousins try to come up to speak to he . he get out of the gate of the cemetery and go along to Amy 's park and wait rabbit , half a block down the road . as he move along , he see that across the street be a black mercede contain the two korean heavies . he ignore they , put he sunglass on , and slip into amy car . jim I want you to take off like a bat out of hell and take a leave on the next street . amy where be we go ? jim anywhere but my place . ext . amy build . day it be a older Hollywood apartment building near koreatown . int . amy kitchen . continuous kitchen cupboard shelve be fill with book . apart from book , she have barely anything at all . a kettle , a pot , a cup . a beautifully choose thrift store table , at which jim sit , admire the sun-filled room . Amy sit across from he . amy have you see anybody ? ever ? he continue to look around the room , register its normality . amy ( cont 'd ) I mean , have you ever talk . to anyone . as if she have speak in another language : jim what ? amy there be man chase you . you have no home . you have no job . what be you go to do . 70 . he look at she for a long time . jim I be gonna go . he stand up . jim ( cont 'd ) I be go to go now . if I come to you door , then I will have make it , you will know I have make it , and everything can start to be all right . if I do not come , then I do not make it , and what you do with the dead be bury they . she nod . amy all right . we hear he go . she sit on . ext . a bus stop . day jim sit at a bus stop . another guy be beside he . homeless , with all he shit in a cart . jim look up as not a bus come , but ... a bentley , the first of a fleet of three . the door of the one in front of the bus stop open , and neville step out . neville let 's take a walk . they do so , and the three bentley follow at cortege speed along the curb . two bodyguard walk behind neville and jim , scan everywhere . neville ( cont 'd ) my man over there say you 91l1 would you Old California mega- family and be out of the country . jim why would I be out of the country ? neville slam he up against a wall . neville so you do not die . 71 . jim everybody die . neville you be not afraid of die of something other than natural cause ? jim no. neville what about very severe fuckin’ discomfort . you afraid of that ? jim I gotta take whatever 's come because I do not have the money . neville you grandfather pop and you do not have any money ? jim I do not have any money . my grandfather 's position be that poverty be a character builder . I think he be right . so do you . neville never mind what I think philosophically ! that 's none of you business ! ( exasperate , as Jim smile ) not even '' I ‘’1l have it '' ? you just say '' no '' ? you pay the Korean any of he ? jim no. neville sorry about the old man . the grandfather . he be a serious motherfucker and I admire he for leave you in this situation . jim thank you . neville of course you do not run . there 's no fuckin ' terra incognita . ( more ) 72 . neville ( cont 'd ) in the old day a white man in you situation would come to America and if thing get hot in America , in the old West day you would go somewhere else and be someone else . become Bob Smith , shoe horse in East asshole , start a new family , no one give a shit . this day we be all stick with be who we be and where we be forever . no new world except maybe in the star when we be all dead . so we deal with where we be and what we be . jim we deal with where we be as a matter of fact . what we be be a matter of choice . neville get it . there 's nothing that neville do not get . he release jim . neville you know lamar hampton ? jim no. neville do not fuck with I . jim Student of mine . neville thing about lamar be he 's from white people land . grew up in the goddamn Valley . he have a uncle though who be deep in the old neighborhood , in truth define the neighborhood , in the sense that he 's in deep trouble one way or another all the time — much like yourself , but not so volitionally — and if I may say so talk a lot of shit about lamar , because you see , he 's a lose soul , the uncle , one of America 's poor . you know about America 's poor ? jim I have see they . 73 . neville he 's also stupid as a bag of fuckin’ hammer , and lamar , you see , be the ship he expect to come in . if a man be in have he leg break and he say " my nephew be lamar hampton who be go pro " , maybe he do not have he leg break . jim what 's this get to do with anything ? neville you know what it 's get to do with everything . how much you know lamar ? jim I could not say I know he . neville you know he phone number ? Cause he uncle do not . his uncle do not even know he own sister 's phone number or exactly where she life . that 's how much they admire the uncle . jim I do not have he phone number . neville I never have a professor do not have my phone number or could not get it . on jim as we CUT to : int . jim ’'s house . bathroom . night jim be in the bathtub again , submerge . his AV apparatus have be reduce to a radio . he surface and listen . announcer hampton 's at the top of the key , look to get inside , can not , now go behind the back to Franklin who one - bounce to jamal kendal who turn and fake and pass to hampton . hampton hook and hit ! ( more ) 74 . announcer ( cont 'd ) and he be foule ! yes and it count ! 88 to 30 , ucla by 11 ! color man quite apart from the great night that ucla be have generally , Bob , it 's another stellar night for lamar hampton , who seem to have no limit to what he can do with the ball this season ... if he continue , he ... jim go underwater again . now show the more intense scene in the desert : the first wild kiss between jim and amy . this may be real . this may be a hallucination of the future or what might have be . in the bath , jim close he eye , and turn he head to the side . int . jim' house . night . later jim pull down all the shade , stare briefly at the digit flash on he answer machine , signify 27 call . he press the button on the answer machine . dean fuller ( v.o. ) Jim , this be Tom fuller . Dean fuller . I hope there 's nothing wrong ... you do not come in today ..- which of course you know . as you be the person who do not come in . well . if you get this , call I . we have to have a more general talk ... to see if we can do something about this situation . you know I be you great proponent and , well , and there be always thing one do not know about a person 's life ... thing that may mitigate ... and so forth ... so I would prefer not to do something without — jim press stop . he pick up the phone and dial . he get a machine . wait out '' you have reach the office of Dean fuller ... '' jim this be Jim . look , you be a good guy , but I be not come back , and I never should have start . I be sorry . 75 . he hang up and look into the empty refrigerator . he open a square tupperware container , and take out — a semi-automatic pistol . he snap the action , cock it , and start to put it to he head ... but then put it down . ext . jim' house . night he stand on the porch of he dumpy house , try to regulate he breathe , calming down . light show in the other house in the street . vignettes of life visible inside they . there be thunder , and a heavy rain begin , the canyon immediately stream with rain . black int . jim' house . day Broad sunlight be shine into Jim 's room . when he eye open he see : mister lee , sit in the armchair in the corner . mister lee what be we to do ? a big korean stand in the doorway . he be in the final act of disassembling jim 's gun . he toss the piece one by one on the bedspread . mister lee ( cont 'd ) human weakness ... be not something I discourage . how could I ? I run gambling establishment . I loan money . I serve liquor in twenty - seven restaurant and bar . I make my live from people ina condition of sickness or stupidity — but also I have revenue from many intelligent people who should know better . this be not my problem . but there be one thing I must hold on to . jim what 's that ? mister lee I have to expect that a person want to live and will do anything to live . ( more ) 76 . mister lee ( cont 'd ) nothing make sense if this be not the case . do you want to live ? mister lee be click jim' lighter . jim that 's my business . mister lee I have not be in debt for many year but I remember the feel . to be obligate , unbalance in one 's thought , insecure , unclean . and I feel like that when I merely have credit card debt and a mortgage . nothing like you . jim take this all on without comment . mister lee ( cont 'd ) I think you want to hurt yourself , but make other do it for you . jim can not answer . he look at the huge korean , who be stare at he . mister lee ( cont 'd ) I come to see you myself because you be a interesting man . a educate man . ordinarily , my associate would come without I . jim I be not go to tell you I ’1l1 get the money , because I do not know if I can . I would not insult you . mister lee thank you . jim I have make ... error . I could tell you I have realize that I wish I could turn over a new leaf , that I will try to , but it do not make any difference , and I be not go to make any case for myself whatsoever , because there be no case . I have no position . there 's only one thing that matter ... you expect you money and I do not have it . the reason be irrelevant . there we be . 77 . mister lee how be I to collect ? jim there 's only one way . a gamble . loan I another hundred thousand . mister lee stare , sit with he palm on he thigh in a shaft of sunlight . he cock a eyebrow . jim ( cont 'd ) it 's how I get in . it 's the only way I will get out . mister lee cock he head . the korean heavies start to laugh , and jim laugh , too . then he be conduct to the bathroom and he head be plunge into the still - full bath . later jim sit against the bathroom tile , clutching a towel in he lap . off , we hear the car door close and the korean drive away . he struggle to he foot and look at the mirror , on which have be write : " munday " jim ( cont 'd ) that 's not how you fuck spell it . he shoulder out of the room . CUT to : ext . jim 's house in the hollywood hill . day a woman in a business suit and high heel be struggle to put the twin stake of a metal a '' for sale '' sign into the earth through the ground cover just off Jim 's driveway . int . jim' house in the hollywood hill . day jim — purposeful , dress , shave — watch a bookstore guy with a gray ponytail examine a book , write down a price in a buckle notebook , and then put the book into a box . he be pricing out Jim 's library . 78 . jim anything you do not want , stack it in the fireplace . bookstore guy there 's not too much here that I do not want . jim take a last look — and go out . int . a jewelry store . day a iranian jeweler , wear a great deal of gold , be examine Jim 's watch . jeweler perfectly good watch . why do you want to sell it ? jim either I do not need to know what time it be , or I need money . what do you care ? jeweler I need to know if it be ... jim place he CA driver 's licence on the case . jim what you need to do be to come up with a offer , or not . jeweler there be so many of this ... jim look away , annoyed , as the bullshit start . jim look , that 's a omega . it 's worth more than six thousand brand new , and when you have it , no one will know it be not brand new . jeweler you be insulting I . 79 . jim we be not go to fuck around , no no no , do not talk to I , I do not want you to name a price any more , and I need you to understand that when I say what I want for it , I be give you the figure that I will take for it . do you understand I — no , no , no . no no . look at I . I will say the price and you will either say yes , or no . jeweler it be impossible to ... jim all right . he put the watch in he pocket . jeweler wait wait wait . jim no . I tell you not to say anything but yes or no . you be waste my time . jeweler I be willing to listen to you price . jim you can not counter it . when I say my figure , that 's the figure , and you either say yes or no . you get it ? jeweler how can I say yes or no until I hear the price ? jim you be not get it . jeweler I be get it , I be get it . jim put the watch on the counter pad again and the jeweler pick it up . he want it . jim you need to understand fully that what I say be not a open figure . ( more ) 80 . jim ( cont 'd ) you can say yes or no , you can not say a lower figure and expect to meet at some point in the middle . do you understand ? jeweler yes , yes , I understand . what be you price ? jim you can not say another price . jeweler I know I know I know I get it . jim Three thousand five hundred dollar . jeweler ( involuntarily ) one thousand . jim take the watch and go . on jeweler , as the door chime go : jeweler ( cont 'd ) twelve hundred ! ext . the STREET outside . day jim be walk away quickly when the jeweler catch he at the head of the crosswalk . jeweler I can not help myself . jim yes you can . the jeweler look confuse . jeweler two thousand . jim press the walk button . jeweler ( cont 'd ) why do not you let a man do business ? 81. jim because you want to go home and sit there chuckle tonight about how you skinned a guy on he watch . you do not need the watch , you just want the watch . where the '' need '' come in be you need to fuck I up the ass in order for you to feel all right about yourself . jeweler I be in business ! you do not understand ! jim thirty - five hundred dollar . Cash . jeweler ( involuntarily ) two thousand two hundred . ( in a panic as jim start off ) ok , ok , three thousand . jim lean he head against a lamp -post . jim if I allow you to beat I for five hundred dollar , which you really need to do on some deep personal level , will you just shut up and give I the money in cash ? jeweler yes . jim you can not say anything else . jeweler I will not say anything else . jim you promise . jeweler I promise to God . jim I need you to promise because you be fuck pathological . the jeweler touch he heart . 82 . jeweler please , we will have tea . as they walk in tandem back to the store : jeweler ( cont 'd ) I do not have the cash . jim I ' 1l take a check . ext . a cafe in beverly hill . day jim be sit at a table with a beer untouched in front of he . he look up as amy sit down . they sit there silently . amy well . jim well . amy there 's quite a lot of talk over at the department . jim good . he drink some of he beer . jim ( cont 'd ) I already cashed out my ira through the credit union . I be sell my book ... I be sell my house . amy what be you do ? jim raising money . amy to pay everybody back , right ? jim do not look at she . jim to gamble or to run away ? jim look at she and do not answer . amy I sit here and I wonder do I precipitate some sort of breakdown . jim there be a student ... just the other day ... who say that my problem , if one 's nature be a problem , rather than just problematic , be that I see thing in term of victory or death , and not just victory but total victory . and it 's true : I always have . it 's either victory , or do not bother . the only thing worth do be the impossible . everything else be gray . you be bear ... as a man ... with the nerve of a soldier , the apprehension of a angel , to lift a phrase , but there be no use for it . here ? where 's the use for it ? you be set up to be a philosopher or a king or Shakespeare , and this be all they give you ? this ? twenty - odd year of school which be all instruction in how to be ordinary ... or they 'il fuck kill you , they fuck will , and then it 's a career , which be not the same thing as existence ... I want unlimited thing . I want everything . a real love . a real house . a real thing to do ... every day . I would rather die if I do not get it . amy please do not go with they . he get up and walk over to the car . heavy one ( who be really heavy ) hold the back door open , and then get in with jim and heavy two in the back , int . bentley . moment later heavy one you house for sale . and the car pull off . 83. a bentley have pull up at the curb . two black guy in it , stare at jim . jim ride cramme between the two heavies , rodeo to wilshire . 84 . jim gotta raise some money somewhere . heavy one in this market I would not count on the real estate . ( to heavy two ) check he . heavy two go through every one of Jim 's pocket and only come up with a few dollar and the fresh check from the jeweler . heavy one ( cont ’d ) what 's this ? jim sold my watch . heavy one this be not gonna cover it . heavy two throw a bag over Jim 's head , a hotel laundry bag from the Peninsula , and tighten the draw string , shove Jim onto the floor of the car . heavy two count out the money that Jim do have - thirty - two buck , put it in he pocket and settles in to enjoy the ride . heavy two my theory be , there 's no need to be unpleasant . my associate here would like to beat you fuckin’ head in until the shit you have get for brain be all over the fuck upholstery , but that 's more about he nature than necessity . I expect you know you situation be serious and let 's leave it at that . Internet age do not solve anything but you leave you laptop up and run when you have get '' find my iphone '' open , home , then shit happen . ( more ) 85 . heavy two ( cont 'd ) as for you book , that white dude with the bald head and the stupid fuckin’ pony tail be send the check to the right party , for the cover price on everything , cause I renegotiate for you , and I doubt that realtor lady with she badly unstage open house be still as cool about black people as she be when she start she day , but all in all it 's another perfect day in Los Angeles and let 's all get along . let 's all just get along and be really fuckin’ happy we be not somewhere else , because , you go off LA , you go on it , but go home to Detroit in February and you have no fuckin’ trouble come back out here and have Los Angeles bend over so you can kiss it 's ass . ext . a STREET in downtown LA . day the bentley pull into a little driveway beside a derelict one story building that bear the sign '' africa membership club '' ( which have a white bum talk to himself in the board up entryway ) and disappear behind the building . int . africa membership club . day the peninsula laundry bag be rip off jim 's head and he reel back , blink . neville sit look at he , smoking a cigar . he be wear a perfect suit with English shoulder . he be on the phone . he hold up a finger and turn away . the africa membership club be a former function hall . rat trap be set along the wall . a unexplain white tennis shoe lie on the floor with blood on it . heavy one you scared ? jim that 's my problem . heavy one rummages for water behind the bar . heavy one we have fiji and this stuff . jim do not matter . 86 . jim catch a flip water . heavy two when do it all become about hydration ? heavy one recently , man . recently . in my youth , everybody be carbo-load . jim drink water . heavy two come up to he , look at he , and say : heavy two sit the fuck down with you water . jim sit down . neville end he call and come forward from the shadow at the end of the room . neville you give I the wrong number for lamar . that be fuckin’ feeble . do you know what I also know ? jim what 's that ? neville do you think all korean be all Korean and shit and do not communicate with the american negro ? jim I do not know anything . neville I hear that you ask mister Lee to stake you out of you situation . that he give you enough to have another shot at the title of the world 's stupidest asshole . by the way , you be not to say anything to mister Lee about the information I have , lest he speculate about the source . jim if you have a source you know he do not give I anything . neville you do know that all of you money be mine . 87. jim all of it forever or just what I owe you . neville do not be ridiculous . all of it forever . jim if that be true we be not talk money any more , and you better kill I , because my only option then , because I be not the world 's stupidest white asshole , would be to kill you . I want to pay you off , not to be marry to you . neville all right , all right , I only want my money . jim then I can deal with that . neville you be go to tell I how you be gonna make good on you debt right now . gimme Lee 's money . jim he do not front I any . neville fuck you . jim you information 's wrong . neville how you gonna pay I ? jim well . what if I tell you I quit my job and I be go to write a novel . neville yeah , what the first one make ? jim with the advance and royalty , seventeen thousand dollar all in . 88 . neville fuck I . for one of the better review first novel of 2007 ? I think we have to make some other arrangement . the culture evidently have . let 's talk cash first and other business later . you can not get cash from you family ? jim I get all I could get . neville could I get cash from you family if I send you down to Mexico — whoops , I do not know what happen to he — and have my friend valerio send they you dick ? jim my family do not make they money because they pay up easy . neville well that 's apparently genetic . genetics be a cruel fuckin’ mistress . would you come up with any money if I light this cigar and put it out on you eyeball ? jim I be not a magician . neville if you do not think you be fuckin’ magic occasionally you would not be in the Africa membership Club sit there with a bottle of fiji water owe I almost two hundred thousand dollar . guess what ? jim what ? neville I already ask you mother . he sit down , affably . neville ( cont 'd ) you see , my lawyer go to she lawyer , and she lawyer come back to my lawyer and say '' fuck you '' . 89 . jim do he say it just like that ? neville as a matter of fact he do . I be gonna need the equity in you house . we will paper it right . as a sale . but that mean I have to take over the fuckin’ mortgage and get some goddamn vice - president of animation or some other cocksucker to rent it and I do not like that shit . but you gotta make the turnip bleed from whatever hole it 's get . ( a beat ) now lamar , who you give I the wrong phone number for ... jim lamar 's a good kid , he do not need any of this shit . neville you be not gonna say you make a mistake with the number ? jim no , I do not . I give you a fake one . I make it up . neville well mister Jones here be gonna give you a real one . heavy two punch jim and knock he out of the chair . the skin be split by Jim 's leave eye-socket . he push himself up off the floor , and stand . neville ( cont 'd ) that 's the last time you lie to I . lamar do not need you help . every man have to go it alone . lamar have to make he choice . let he make it . but I be not go to call he now . it would merely confuse the issue . you be gonna get I lamar . it will be more than a introduction . I do not want a introduction any more . I want lamar do what I need he to do without he ever see my face . deniability be where it 's at . I hear lamar be all hamlet and shit because he want to go pro. 90 . jim ( bleakly ) yeah he do . neville I need lamar , and I need he before they play Michigan tomorrow at home . they be run eight point on Michigan . you tell lamar if he want he can win by seven - no more . but you get he for tomorrow . or I ' 1ll kill every member of you family and show you the picture before I kill you . can I consider you incentivize ? jim stare at he . int . jim' personal office . english department . day he be clean out rubbish , papers , whatever . he be not really clean . he run a coin over he finger , think . then look up at a sound : jone be there . jone May I come in ? jim shrug . jone ( cont 'd ) May I sit ? jim be uncomfortable with that . jone ( cont 'd ) I think the end would be heroic in some way . not just — not show up . jim well now , however it happen , now you be the Shakespeare guy . Road 's open , brother . I hope you seriously give a fuck because I do not and it would be nice to think that someone do . be all that you can be and have a nice day . jone we clubbed together and get you something . 91 . he rummages in he bag and bring out a small wrap gift . jim reluctantly take it . jone ( cont 'd ) in all honesty I wish you be dislike . but you know that 's not the case and from time to time I have find you admirable , charming , compelling , and stupendously fuck brilliant , much to my horror . though you erasure from the department can only be view , from my perspective , as a positive . lamar have duck through the door and tower over jone . jone ( cont 'd ) good afternoon ... I be not void of the fear that you will go on and through some endeavor or accomplishment , make my existence seem comparatively wretch .... lamar do I come in at the wrong time ? jim no , he be just finish up say that he wish I be dead . jone well . bonne chance . he duck out . jim sit look at lamar . jim sit down . lamar do . jim can not speak to he yet . lamar look at Jim . lamar what happen to you face , man ? jim a little while ago you come to I for advice about turn pro . I know it 's about you knee . I know you have a feel you have to put money in the bank . lamar I do , man . I be afraid every day that the knee will go . ( more ) 92 . lamar ( cont 'd ) I be afraid every day anyone will even notice it , because then I get ... jim how would you like to make two hundred and fifty thousand dollar in two hour ? lamar depend on what you have in mind . jim throw a game . you can not beat Michigan by more than seven point . lamar take that on . lamar well that 's not throw a game . that 's win by less than eight . that 's not throw a game . who want I to do it ? jim point to he eye . lamar ( cont 'd ) what they get on you ? jim it do not matter . lamar I do not want to talk to nobody ; I do not want to see nobody ; I do not want to hear no name . i’1l take the money from you - and I will take it up front . jim that 's the way it work . jim reach beneath he desk and bring up a sport bag . he put it on the desk . lamar look into it . lamar they fuck you up ? they do not need to fuck you up . I have have do it . jim I need it . they 'il fuck you up if you need it , too . you gotta deliver . 93 . lamar hold the bag . lamar I bet you wish I do not take this . jim that 's up to you . lamar take the bag . lamar I be not gonna be immortal in this game . pretty soon I be just gonna be a real fuckin’ tall dyslexic guy sell fuckin’ buick . I be gonna take what I can get . jim nod . lamar ( cont 'd ) I take this bag I get you out of trouble ? jim nod . lamar ( cont 'd ) that 's the other reason to do it . he stand up . at the door he say : lamar ( cont 'd ) this be nothing on you . I do it before . I need you to know that . jim nod . lamar go . jim slowly unwrap the package give to he by the asshole on behalf of the department . Inside be a small statue : a representation of a bird : ideogrammatically , freedom itself . jim well all right . ext . department corridor . day jim be move fast through the crowded hall , not look at anybody , not speak to anybody . he pass the Dean 's office and keep move even though the dean have spot he and have come to the door . amy fall in beside he . 94 , amy what happen to you eye ? jim whatever happen it already happen and it will not happen again . amy you be start to make promise ? he stop and look at she . jim I think I be . jone be there : jone do you open it ? jim yes . very nice , thank you . jone I do not pick it myself . jim I could sorta tell that , Larry , thank you anyway . amy what 's go on ? jim I be get out of here as fast as I can and as everybody and they aunt be eyeball I right now it might be better if you be not chase along as if you be my wife , unless you want to be , in which case I do not mind . amy Jesus Christ . jim I tell the truth . that 's all I get . that first sight thing really work . I want you to stop look concerned , I want you to stop walk with I , and I want you to shake my hand , and let I say goodbye to you . she look she hold he surge on SOUND : 95 . more worried . jim ( cont 'd ) you have get month to go here and you do not need the trouble . hold out you hand and say goodbye . out she hand . jim ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , ms Phillips . good luck . amy Goodbye , Professor bennett . jim Goodbye . on . race announcer and come up on the inside be Barcelona postcard . Barcelona postcard be now neck in neck with last Thanksgiving ... int . a dark sport bar . dusk a higher - end old line bar in the Valley with red banquette and just a few customer . jim come in from the blind light and remove he sunglass . frank and big ernie sit at the bar watch a horse race on a huge television and eat peanut . a moronic din . race announcer and it 's Barcelona postcard by a length . no one can believe it . frank well they fuckin ' be not suppose to , be they . that be the point . hey , turn that off . the bartender do . jim come up . frank ( cont 'd ) sit down . ( a beat ) do you drink ? I do not remember if you drink . of course there 's drink and drink . ( more ) 96 . frank ( cont 'd ) I drink but I have not be drunk since Reagan be president . God 's honest truth . I get a DUI . and in jail I actually fall down and piss my pants . you do not need to do that twice . I be tell you this so you know that everybody 's be there . big ernie everybody 's be there . frank once . if you be there twice ... after have be there once .... I can not help you . you know I listen to the drunk , and it 's like you be listen to a fairy story about a fight with a fuckin’ monster when the actual title of the story be '' I can not handle my liquor , '' by mister crybaby . big ernie amen . frank I do not know , maybe they have a problem , but fuck them if they do , cause I do not . which lead I to ask : be you pull this shit just now , or forever . jim do not answer . frank ( cont 'd ) I mean do you have a '' problem '' ? wah wah wah like some little fuck girl wah wah wah , or some somali who can not process that there 's no food where they live , or be you just fuck up temporarily because you be temporarily fuckin’ stupid . big ernie be you long business or short business ? jim what 's the difference right now ? 97 . frank I need to know if you have the fuckin’ brain to walk when it 's time to walk . people do not , you know ? Ball player who can not play any more , asshole try to maintain a standard of live not possible any more . lot of they around . I have see you be half a million dollar up . jim I have be up two and a half million dollar . frank what you get on you ? jim nothing . frank what you put away ? jim nothing . frank you get up two and a half million , any asshole in the world know what to do . you get a house with a twenty - five year roof , a indestructable jap economy shitbox , and you put the rest into the system at three to five percent to pay you tax , and that 's you base , get I , that 's you fortress of fuckin 's solitude , and you be for the rest of you life at a level of '' fuck you '' . someone want you do do something ? '' fuck you '' . boss piss you off ? '' fuck you '' . own you house , have a few buck in the bank , do not drink , that 's all I have to say to anybody at any social level . do you grandfather take risk ? jim yes . frank I can guarantee he do it froma position of '' fuck you '' . ( more ) jim wait 98. frank ( cont 'd ) which be what he mean to you when he say fuck you also , and what he would mean when he say '' fuck you '' to I . the wise man 's life be base around '' fuck you '' . the United States of America be base on '' fuck you '' . you be a king ? you have a Army , the great navy in the history of the world ? '' fuck you , blow I '' . we will fuck it up ourselves . ( raise he drink ) which we have do . beautiful fuck you position , lose forever . King George the third look like a fuckin’ birthday present . ( to bartender , with Zapata mustache ) this be the grandson of the seventeenth richest man in California . bartender do he drink ? it out . frank what he want be money because he do not know when to say '' that 's it , I be two million ahead , fuck it , fuck you , I have a car and a house and a family , it 's all pay for , fuck you . '' big ernie even I do that , of course it 's out by pearblossom . jim I will have a beer . just like anybody else . bartender what kind . jim any kind . bartender I get thirty - seven beer . do not put this on I . frank he fuckin’ put it on you . the bartender go . frank ( cont 'd ) you still owe large , two place you should not . why you want door number three ? jim how else do I get out ? frank time payment , sell you sperm , sell you ass , how the fuck should I know . you grandfather 's boat ever go to Mexico ? jim it 's be to Mexico many time . frank what if it stay there . jim stare at the bar . frank ( cont 'd ) I be not say I need you to get the key , I could do it myself . well not personally . but I sell a fifty million dollar yacht to some narco for ten percent of its value would not absolve you . you have not look at this game once . what 's wrong with you , you do not watch sport ? jim it 's watch other guy do thing . frank so 's readin’ . there 's a point : Jim concede it . frank ( cont 'd ) I be so sick about that Columbia - Brown game , I be lucky I can swallow my fuckin’ drink . I get middle on the game . rotten lowlife ivy League faggot , no offense if you be a lowlife ivy League faggot . 99 . 100 . jim none take . I be at Harvard but I have also be in Cleveland . neither experience be definitive . frank I be of the universe and you know what it 's worth . big ernie start sing '' yer blue '' and pound the bar . big ernie yes I be lonely ... wanna die ... yes I be lonely ... wanna die ...etc . frank I give you this money , and you do not pay it back , there be no rule . you never , ever , get to say '' fuck you '' to anybody . you will get not just what you owe I from you grandfather , you 's 1ll get I he account so I can have they vacuume from Russia . you commit suicide , you can do it know that I x11 kill you whole fuckin’ family . do you understand the gravity of you situation . jim I understand . frank you get up ? you get out . he hold out car key . jim what 's this ? frank this kinda money , what 's a car . what do you want to be able to say to I ? jim fuck you . ext . bar parking lot . day jim use the key and look into the trunk . there be a duffel in it . he close the trunk . he pull out he cell phone , punch a number . 101 . jim dexter ? I need you to not give my mother she lesson tomorrow . intercut : dexter , lie on a couch , sit up , cough from bongsmoke . dexter I be not do that any more . back to jim jim good . you like Las Vegas ? get a pen , I be gonna give you a address to meet I at . I have get a job for you . no I be not gonna fuck text it , get a pen . he slam the trunk on the bag of money . int . jim' house in the hollywood hill . night he walk into the live room and — black . int . jim ’'s house . later he come to consciousness lie on the floor . the first thing he can focus on be ... shoe . Black , polished , shoe . a korean grab Jim 's lapel in he fist and hoist he leglessly upright . mister lee where be my money ? jim I do not have any money . the korean punch he twice , brutally , and let he fall . mister lee sit fastidiously in he chair , palm on thigh , foot together . he watch jim crawl . mister lee debt . it 's terrible . you make promise . impossible . jim sit back against the wall . 102 . jim I do not make promise . mister lee you will . jim I can not . mister lee why do you see Frank ? jim I do not . the big korean kick he . jim lie on the floor . mister lee what can I do with you ? jim sit up and say : jim I tell you before . you need to gamble . stake I . mister lee stare at he as if he be a limitless curiosity . and as mister lee contemplate he own gamble .... and we : CUT to : int . arena . night we follow the player from the ucla locker room out into the light , the explosion of cheer , detail of the watch fan . a big crowd . jim sit way up in the god , watch down . the player of both team be warming up , and among they , swish one , be lamar , look cold and complicated and alone . the game and how to handle it : shoot a real game , then bring back a quarter of the crowd and all the ref and player . lamar be the only actor and he must be a great basketball player at the level he character be intend to be . jim watch uncertainly . and let 's go to toback : as the game progress , several thing become apparent : 103 . ( 1 ) lamar ( though look flashy and , from appearance of form , easily the best player on the court ) be play a horrid game - throw the ball away , miss shot , allow he man to score . he be so good at he act that he make it appear to be a lack of quickness or grace on the other player 's part that be to blame . ( 2 ) the rest of the ucla team be play remarkably well . Wild shot be fall through , loose ball be bounce lucky , rebound be come perfectly off . ( 3 ) michigan be have a bad night . only because of lamar 's error be anything at all go right for they . there be a lid over the rim for they shooter and they throw the ball away continually . ( 4 ) consequently , there be rise sense of panic in jim ( and distress in frank ) . when lamar lose the ball to a Michigan play who in turn lose it to a ucla player who score , the Michigan coach call a time - out . at this point ucla lead 47 to 40 with 8:08 remain in the game so that jim and one be only one point ahead of what they need . jim see the coach motion lamar to the bench and another player to get up to replace he . the new player join the huddle . lamar , on he way to the bench , glance up nervously . back to US . int . africa membership club . continuous neville and posse be watch on tv . up in the booth : two jock - sniffer , announcer and color man . announcer with one exception , ucla have play great ball tonight , and , ironically , that exception be lamar hampton , who have be the leader of the club this season ... he 's have a bad night ... color man he 's lose the ball repeatedly and he defense be sub-par . announcer let 's be serious : a sub-par lamar be better than anybody else on this court . we be judge lamar by lamar and maybe that 's not fair . 104 . color man it 's fair to judge a man against he best . on jim ( off this idea ) as the buzzer sound , end the time - out . as the game recommence , jim leave the arena , fight he way through the crowd . the scoreboard show ucla up by exactly 5 . jim can not think about it : he keep go . as he go we hear a roar from the crowd : lamar put on a dazzle exhibition of ball control - pass up several easy shot as he dribble out the clock : during the last five second before the buzzer sound to end the game , he dribble under the Michigan basket unmolested - pass up a easy chance to score - and then ( the game finish , the buzzer go ) - twirl the ball on the tip of he finger like a harlem globetrotter and stare over at he coach , who stare aghast . lamar throw the ball away and walk off the court . ucla have win by exactly seven . jim , walk along , hear he cell phone ring . he look at the screen , which read : " dexter " jim how 's Vegas ? he listen . jim ( cont 'd ) right . int . africa club . night neville be sit in a rupture banquette smoking a cigar and drink cognac . at another one nearby , heavies one and two be count money . jim stand there . neville you boy deliver . jim nod . neville ( cont 'd ) you deliver . you know how rare that be ? a man deliver ? you get so use to every motherfucker not deliver that when one do , you wanna cry . 105 . jim so be we square ? neville look hesitant : clever . neville what if I tell you you keep you job at the university forever and you make sure you teach English 101 to a lot of tall brother . jim I would tell you to kill I . neville I get it . have a drink . jim do not want one . neville you get you face fuck up by korean . jim yeah I do . neville that 's just valedictory , man . you be just move on to the next phase of bullshit . you know what the only trouble be with the game tonight ? jim what 's that ? neville someone else bet a seven point spread , with a lot of fuckin ' money , in Vegas . now , would you know who that be ? jim shake he head . intercut : dexter , in Vegas , hand over the very recognizable duffle of cash that Jim get from Frank . jim no idea . neville you do not tip no one ? jim no. neville take this on : blow smoke into he glass : drink . neville what 's you life plan ? jim shrug . neville ( cont 'd ) make part of it never see I again . I do not need you , brother . I have lamar , forever . he 's go pro , not do he junior year . jim I know . neville you think I want you out there know that ? gesture over at the money be count . neville ( cont 'd ) know this ? jim I be gonna tell you that I be not go to do you the discourtesy of assume what you be think , but I know you be go to do the right thing . neville why 's that ? jim because that 's what you do . that 's what you be . you do the right thing . neville do not want to wear that halo . neville why be I so fuckin ' transparent . jim get up . 107 . neville ( cont 'd ) odd still not in favor of you get out of the other mess you be in , but you be do with I . we be square . where you get it ? jim borrow it from Frank . neville fuck you you do . jim ask he . neville I will ask he . jim then you will find out that I do . neville look at the money and then up at jim . he know exactly what jim do and jim know that neville know . finally neville put the envelope in he coat and hold out he hand . neville that lamar be crooked anyway . everybody 's ready to be bent , or ready to be straight . personally I be ready to be straight . get myself a avocado farm or a winery . I do what I have to do but I be not a huge fan of low company . a man can transform he shit . jim start to go . neville ( cont 'd ) brother . jim stop , turn around . neville ( cont 'd ) if I find out you suddenly pay Frank back in any sort of mystery fuckin’ situation , then I know what you do . and nothing change . jim nod , and go . 108 . ext . jim' house . night jim ’'s bag be pack and by the door . dexter , the tennis player , be sit on one of the few remain bit of furniture , a hard chair in what use to be the dining room . jim be wash he face in the kitchen sink . dexter I have never do anything like that in my life . I do not think I be gonna get out of Vegas alive . a larger duffel than dexter leave with lie on the floor . jim open it , and take out fifty grand . that 's yours . dexter do not move . dexter I be gonna have my picture on the wheaty box within fuckin’ month , dude . unless I be on youtube do a bong hit . I do not need it . jim that 's why I pick you . do what you like . jim look out the window as a car pass slowly . jim ( cont 'd ) it 's time to get away from I , dexter . Far , far , away . int . car . night jim , drive downtown , pick he cell phone up off the seat , and speed dial . jim Frank , it 's Jim . I have get you money . no , I can not go there . the thing be , you have to meet I . koreatown . the place , you know the place , right ? intercut frank in the schvitz . frank everybody know the place . whether I want you anywhere near that place with my money in you hand be another fuckin’ story . jim that 's the only place I 'il meet you . frank you have all my money plus everything ? be you tell I you have all my money . jim I have all you money plus all mister Lee 's money . I have all the money to pay everything I owe to everybody . frank what do you do when you be in fuck you position ? jim we have have that discussion and I understand you point , but you gotta meet I there . frank if there be a list of place where nobody get rip off I believe that 's at the top . ext . koreatown . night 109 . establish the non-descript building with a corner entrance that we have see before , guard by korean . int . koreatown gambling den hallway . night jim come up some stair and head down a corridor door guard by two korean guy we have never see stop . one of they snap he finger and jim hand a card with Korean write on it ... a passport from towards a before . he over first mister Lee ... and then , for inspection , the duffel . the biggest korean look up in wonder after inspect what be inside . then they open the door ... and Jim pass through into ... 110 . int . koreatown gambling den . night another world . at low table around the room , Korean businessman be drink and be serve by submissive , attentive , woman . they refill the man 's glass and cut they food for they . jim , backpack on he shoulder , stand look at the gaming table . blackjack , roulette , the usual . all game here be play with cash — mass of cash , deploy by not only asian businessman but serious and rich professional gambler . in a side room , poker be be play at a light baize table . jim refocus on the roulette wheel , obsessively . he move forward . then stop . all or nothing : what about nothing . for the first time the table have no allure . mister lee materialize . mister lee you have my money ? jim look at he . mister lee ( cont 'd ) if you have the money , I advise you not to play . it 's all over . jim I know that . mister lee my partner be in the corner . jim look , not want to . the partner be a big Korean , have he meat cut for he by a bottle girl . he be merely a businessman ... except for the security with fold arm . jim look back at mister Lee and then at the table . mister lee ( cont 'd ) if you lose , the money do not go to I . jim I know that . frank and big ernie have enter . they see jim in the room , stand with mister lee , and instead of approach ( frank look worried ) , they move to the bar , from which they can observe jim . 111 . jim be very aware of they : very aware too of mister Lee 's heavies . mister lee I can not take money off you by force in here . jim I know that . that 's why we be here . I tell you we be go to gamble , right ? they stare at each other . mister lee you have enough money to pay I ? jim yes . mister lee you must come outside . jim no. mister lee you owe Frank , also . jim nod . mister lee ( cont 'd ) you be go to pay ? jim no , I be go to play . mister lee what be you go to play ? a long beat . jim everything . mister lee you can not . jim it 's the only way I will do it . you can not take the money off I in here , and neither can he . 112 . jim indicate frank , and be now watch the roulette wheel . the ball do its thing . jim ( cont 'd ) Red or black , all or nothing . all the money down . that 's all I 'il do . mister lee if you lose , you will not leave here alive . I can not allow it . jim exactly . be the table clean ? mister lee this be not my establishment . this be terrifying : but jim be commit . jim they will take a very sizeable bet ? mister lee that be what this establishment be for . jim good . mister lee let I have my money . jim surge forward . big ernie intercept he . big ernie what the fuck be you do ? jim look down at the hand hold he coat . a korean bouncer come and deliberately remove big ernie 's hand . big ernie ( cont ’d ) what the fuck be you do ? frank be stand alarmed by the bar . big ernie be hustle out of the room , go along , because it would be very unwise not to . jim go to a table , unzip he backpack , and stack he cash on the table . he discard the backpack . he pick up the block of cash and head towards the roulette table . 113 . jim move forward , fast , and put hundred and hundred of thousand dollar in cash on the table , all the money he have make in Vegas from betting on lamar 's game , less what he pay neville baraka , put down one lump of cash after another . the croupier stare . Jim 's gaze wander over the table ... red and black blur . he be dimly aware of spectator crowd in ... frank ... mister lee ... jim all on black . the croupier spin the wheel . the ball go into the wheel . jim close he eye and listen to the clatter of the ball . image cascade through he mind : the desert sunrise , amy in the desert , he child stare at he from a basin in the delivery room , he mother , himself lean in a balcony doorway and look out over a foreign city on the best morning of he life , a image of a typewriter , with a blank page , on which we push in . we be on he face , cover with sweat , when the clatter of the ball stop . there be nothing but silence from the Korean spectator . jim open he eye and see : the ball lying in black . jim turn immediately from the table and begin walk out of the establishment : out of everything . frank be stare . the owner of the establishment be stand right in front of he . jim walk up to he . jim ( cont 'd ) I be play for mister Lee , and for that gentleman over there . he point at frank who stand there stunne . jim ( cont 'd ) I be not actually a gambler . everyone watch as he cross the room , and go to the door , and be let through by korean . 114 . ext . the build in koreatown . night frank and big ernie come out , escort as far as the sidewalk , carry the winning . frank look around and see : jim lean against the black borrow mercede , flipping the car key in he hand . big ernie and frank come up to he . there 's not much to say . jim hold out the car key and frank take it . frank you need a ride ? jim shake he head . jim no , I nil walk . I feel like walk . frank you get anything on you ? jim not a fuck cent , brother . frank that 's not '' fuck you '' position . jim yes it be . frank then say it to I . jim fuck you . frank good boy . jim shove off the car and begin to walk down the old downtown street : as score come up and carry we along into he new world ( needless to say this be about the music ) , we : CUT to : ext . amy build . night toward dawn establish the build , with its red " Los alto " sign light now for the first time in the film . we be at Jim 's Pov . 115 . jim stand across the street , head slightly cocked , look at the building , hand in the pocket of he coat . he seem for a moment to have he old look , he solitary look , and move on along the sidewalk , to pass the Los alto by ... but then he stop and look again , and cross the desert boulevard the way he walk towards the roulette wheel in koreatown . moment later he be lean , humped in he coat , in the entrance way . he take a deep breath : he 's redeeme : it 's over . he reach and ( in the great act of he life ) press the intercom button . from across the boulevard we see jim , now a small figure , wait for the doorbell to be answer . finally he push through the glass and go inside and as a red and black van wipe the screen very close we go to black