the horse whisperer screenplay by Eric roth revise by Richard lagravenese screenplay by erich roth base on the novel by Nicholas Evans revise by Richard lagravenese second draft 1/21/97 fade in : a dream : int . stable ; pilgrim' stall - morning sunlit illuminate the darken stable , highlight the contour of a magnificent horse ( pilgrim ) in surreal , dream - like imagery : he leg , he muscle , he sheen , he mane ... he eye . he shake he head and stamp he foot . he seem confine . eager to run . int . stable - morning pilgrim burst through the stall and run out the stable into a blind white morning . ext . a OPEN field leading to wood - bright morning whiteness . snow and sky without any discernible line between . camera be Pov , as if on the horse , riding through the whiteness . snow kick up from the side . we hear the breathe of the horse . as we travel on hill , through tree , we experience of sense of wild , exhilate freedom . we hear the giggle of a girl ( grace ) on the horse . a occasional line ; grace ( o.s. ) yeah , fly boy ... that 's it ... go ... go ... go ... end of dream as we CUT to : int . grace's bedroom - morning Grace awaken , calmly . take a breath . slide out of bed and stand before a window , overlook a beautiful Connecticut country house . we see a snow - cover field and distant wood . Grace press she face against the cold , frost window eager to get out . int . maclean new york apartment - morning alarm ring , annie maclean awaken . she shut the alarm and scoot up in bed . she wait . second later the television across the foot of she bed turn on from a timer -- to a CNN 24 news channel . int . hallway / annie & robert bedroom - morning Grace , fully dress except for she boot , tiptoe past a partially open bedroom door . her father ROBERT be asleep , alone , on he huge king size bed . int . maclean farmhouse kitchen - morning Grace be put on she boot on a bench beside a back door . she be wear she mother 's outfit . as she slide the boot on , we see behind she a row of frame photo -- Robert , Grace and Annie in happy time . she slap a note on the refrigerator , with a magnet -- " go riding . back around 10 . Love , G . " ext . maclean farmhouse , back entrance - morning Grace slip on she jacket and hat as she come down the step , she foot hit the walk ... ext . central park - morning Annie 's foot hit the ground , run -- she breath show in the cold air . she pass other jogger with ease . she cross the street and head for a elegant cpw building . int . maclean' new york apartment - morning dress in run clothes , Annie open the door and pick up several newspaper that be deliver . she carry they into the kitchen and set they beside a huge stack of publication , magazine , papers , etc ... know she must read all of they at some point , she breathes a disgust sign . she thumb through the post as she pour herself a cup of coffee . something catch she eye and she snarl : annie that little shit ! she dial a portable phone and move through the apartment as she talk : annie hi Lucy ?... do I wake you ?... have you read the Post ?... they have get a little item about I and fiske . he 's say I fire he and that I fake the new circulation figure .. ha , ha ... oh , please ... it 's the last act of a desperate gnome ... set up a phone call with Don farlow for 9:30 ... throughout the phone call , Annie be select clothes , turn on the shower , undress ... ext . dyer horse farm - morning the snow have stop fall . Grace walk along a hill , hand in pocket . spread out on the landscape be horse , on a horse farm , stand like statue in the white cover field . as Grace come along the hill , we see another girl ( judith ) come from the opposite direction . she do not have Grace 's lean elegance but she warm , friendly smile brighten she face . upon reach she , Grace return the smile with a hug . judith it 's warmer than I think . grace you want to go to a movie tonight ? judith I think you mom 's come up ? grace ( prickly ) so ? judith immediately sense a problem so she continue casually , as they begin walk away from camera ... judith my parent be have friend from college over . they be really nice ... they have this gorgeous son who want to be a forest ranger . grace can I come ? I will start a fire ... judith laugh as they continue talk , they voice trail off , as the girl head for the stable . int . stable , the dyer horse farm - morning there be several horse in they stall . Grace and judith enter , talk , carry they English saddle . judith stop at a stall , disappear into it as she say " hello ? " ... , Grace continue to the end stall . pilgrim ( the horse from the dream ) stand look at she . grace hello , beautiful boy . he 's a massive figure beside she but she show no inhibition . she enter , touch he muzzle . he play with she by nudging she back . grace stop ... will you stop ! ext . dyer horse farm - morning they lead they horse , now saddle and ready , from the barn . pilgrim toss he head , prancing , play with the snow . grace show-off . the girl mount the horse and ride off together . int . anniee magazine office - mid-morning Annie , casually dress , enter the empty office of she magazine . she turn on the light , revealing a large row of stall and glass in private office . everywhere we look , we see indication of the kind of magazine she edit . she stroll to she office -- the large -- surround by window . the office wall be cover with photo , most of which be cover stories on annie . ( one photo be of Annie 's father martin . a british ambassador with he young daughter on he lap , she arm affectionately around he neck . her mother stand right behind they , pose like a member of the royal family . ) Annie sit and take a breath . the only photo on she desk be a family portrait , take when Annie be give the Crystal Award -- Robert , Grace , herself and the Award . she check she watch -- it be almost 9:30 . int . maclean farmhouse , master bedroom / closet - mid-morning a walk -in closet of the master bedroom ; one side be Annie 's , one side be Robert 's . Robert stand before he bureau in the closet -- he have just shower and be put on he watch and ring which lay beside he cologne assortment . a framed photo of he and annie in India -- young , vibrant , in love ... when they first meet . the phone ring . Robert enter into the bedroom to pick up . ROBERT hello ? insert annie : they speak in dull , emotionless voice : annie it 's I . ROBERT hi. annie hi. awkward pause . ROBERT so , what , uh , what train be you take ? annie I should be in by two . ROBERT okay . you want I to pick you up ? annie sure ... what 's Grace up to ? ROBERT Riding with judith . beat . annie I be sorry about last night . I should not have bring it up over the phone . ROBERT that 's okay . we have to talk about it and we be not always in the same place ... so ... I just have to get use to it . ( beat ) what do you want to do about dinner ? annie I do not know . we will figure it out . pause . there be a lot unspoken but understand between they . Annie 's other phone line ring . Robert hear it as well . ROBERT okay . we will see you later then . annie yeah . bye . Annie pick up the other line and she manner brighten , she energy boost ... annie don ! my love , how be you ? do you hear about fiske ?... no , suing be too civilized . can not we get you friend at Le cirque to serve he a fatal piece of poach salmon ?... ha , ha ... that 's even better ... ext . connecticut countryside - morning Long shot of the girl riding at a easy pace , talk all the time . Grace be a elegant rider , quite self - assure for a 13 - year-old ... we come into the scene at the moment the girl have just share a secret or a fantasy . judith be giggle uncontrollably . Grace laugh as she say : grace ... oh , come on ! you think the same thing ! judith I just could never say it ! they stop at the end of the field , face the wood . grace do you want to go around by the old road ? judith why do not we just cut through the wood ? Grace nod . they ride into the wood , continue they talk . ext . wood - morning the girl ride down , along a stand of hickory and poplar to a river . they stop the horse and they conversation , to listen to the sound of the water . below they , off in the distance , they can just make out a two - lane country road . grace you want to go down or stay along the river ? judith we already do the river . let 's go down and across the old bridge . we can circle back . they begin to make they way . int . anniee office - morning Annie 's office be now crowded with a dozen or so employee ; sit on the couch , on the window sill , on the arm of chair , against the wall ... Paper bag emptied of bagel , cream cheese , orange juice , paper plate ... Hand held camera capture the energy of the room as it follow overlap line , laughter , etc ... yet , no matter how casual it all seem , Annie be very much at the center of control ... we enter the scene of laughter , as Annie ask kevin , a feature writer : annie ... so what do you say to she ? kevin I say , thank you very much ... ( laughter , ad lib ) I really should do the interview ... but perhaps if you would like to have dinner ... laughter ... everyone start ad lib ... various character dinner !!... he 's so cute .... why do not I get that kind of interview ?... look , he have husband number eight write on he forehead ... annie all right , all right , all right ... Kevin , good job . write the interview . if I do not like it , you may have to sleep with she for a follow - up ! ( laughter ) now ... I be think about another fashion designer spread ... who 's news out there ? character shout out designer name and comment as the phone ring and lucy pick up ... speak amdist the talk ... lucy hold on . ( press hold ) gottschalk . the room go dead quiet , instantly . then erupt in laughter as everyone realize it . Annie , however , wave she hand as she take the phone ... annie quiet ... quiet ! everyone obey . Annie press speaker phone . annie David ? david gottschalk ( vo ) who 's there ? annie everyone . work overtime . just for you . david gottschalk ( vo ) do you speak to farlow ? annie yes . we be suing . david gottschalk ( vo ) be that absolutely necessary ? it will just make it a bigger story . annie David , he sign a agreement that he would not talk to the press and he 's libel I by say I fake the figure . you be not go soft on I , be you ? silence . gottschalk do not immediately respond . everyone wait . covert look between character suggest this be interesting -- have Annie over - step she bound with the magazine 's owner ? Annie wait without a shred of anxiety -- even though she might have some . finally : david gottschalk ( vo ) well , I suppose we could use another good public feud ... annie exactly ... everyone silently acknowledge Annie gut and influence . ext . countryside - morning it 's perfectly still . we be look down a empty two - lane road cover with fresh snow . we see the girl slowly riding out of the wood , talk . they cross the road and start up into the wood on the other side ... they be try to sing a liz phair song , " chopstick " grace / judith ( sing ) " I meet he at a party and he tell I how he like to drive I home ... he say he like to do it backwards ... " grace ( sing ) " ... I say it -- " judith ( sing ) " ... and I say that " ... grace ( stop sing ) no , wait , it just go ... " he say he like to do - " ... suddenly there 's the SOUND of the metal of judith' horse scraping on some sheer ice hide under the soft snow . judith notice first ... judith what be -- the horse stagger ... judith look to Grace -- judith Grace ! the horse try to find trace with he hindfeet , kick up spray of snow and ice shard . the horse suddenly fall on the ice and go down hard on its knee ... grace judith ! the horse stumble to get back on its foot , slip again . frightened , it rear and judith , catch off balance , be throw , she foot catch in the stirrup ... judith graaace ! her horse , unable to find its balance , start to slide backward down the incline . grace pilgrim , come on ! move ! Grace , directly behind judith , try to turn pilgrim to avoid be hit by the errant horse . what follow , we see from Grace 's perspective . the detail that form the image and sound of Grace 's mind be fast , disembody , almost surreal as -- judith 's horse bulldoze into pilgrim , take he leg out from under he , send both horse careen down the icy slope . Grace hang onto pilgrim 's neck . judith , she leg helplessly tangle in the stirrup , be drag , she head bounce on the freeze ground . they slide all the way back down to the country road . pilgrim be the first to find he leg and stand . Grace manage to sit up in the saddle . she see judith 's horse stumbling back onto its foot , one of he leg break at the ankle , walk in confuse circle , drag judith -- she face bleed , she leg hang from the stirrup . grace ( frighten ) Jude , you okay ? judith ( softly , cry ) I be okay ... I be okay . she try to extricate she leg from the stirrup . Grace see it before she hear it . a glint off of steel . we then hear the rumbling SOUND of a truck come around the bend ... the Girls on they horse in the middle of the road ... the truck , a 18 wheeler carry log equipment , come around the turn ... Grace grab the bridle , try to get judith 's horse out of the road ... the driver , see they , lay on the air horn . the horse bolt at the sound , the bridle slip out of Grace 's hand ... grace juude !!! ... the horse turn apart . the Driver start furiously downshift , try to brake ... he seem to get it under control when suddenly the truck skid on some ice . it begin to slide , out of control , the truck bed and the cab jack - knife . the truck literally plow over the helpless judith and she horse -- the horse go down on the pavement , judith disappear under he . the truck 's cab , like a mythic monster , head right for Grace and pilgrim ... Grace look right into the Driver 's helpless , frighten eye ... suddenly , pilgrim rear up at the truck , send Grace fly , bounce she off the pavement and under the wheel of the truck . pilgrim instinctively jump onto the hood of the truck , he hoof catch between the rear-view mirror like some grotesque ornament . his head and chest slam into the window , shatter through the glass . and then it be still . the truck have stop halfway in the road . judith 's horse lie in the road , motionless . pilgrim , on the truck 's hood , he leg splay , stick , he head and chest , bleed . he shriek , struggle to get to he foot . he manage to free he leg and , step off the cab onto the road , walk off , wounded , in pain , into the sanctuary of the wood ... the Driver stumble out of the cab , he head bleed , in shock . he sit on the ground . all we hear be the sound of the river and the wind in the tree . Grace , halfway under the truck , freeze , stare up at the beautiful morning sky . we hear the SOUND of a helicopter ... int . maclean farmhouse / kitchen - later morning angle on grace's note on the refrigerator as Robert enter from the outside with two bag of grocery . he place they on the counter near the phone machine . he see one message be there . he press play as he put away the grocery . a beat later the phone ring and he pick up , with the machine still play ... ROBERT ( on phone ) hello ? Paul , hi -- be you guy back ? how be it ? oh that sound great . oh Paul .. hold on ... liz ( on machine ) Robert ! be you there ?... Robert ! it 's Liz !... look , there 's ... there 's be a accident ... uh ... Jesus ... uh ... as Robert listen , the voice of Liz 's on the machine from inside , pull he attention . on hearing " accident , " Robert lower the receiver , freeze , as he listen to Liz ... liz ( on machine ) Robert , just call I on my call phone ... 1-917-449-7805 ... ext . the wood - late morning pilgrim be hide in the shadow under a old railroad bridge , stand up to he knee in the river . his chest be cut open , bleed . his face cut , contort and swollen . liz hammond , the local veterinarian , hide a hypodermic needle in she jacket , quietly walk into the water . a policeman be go into the water downstream from pilgrim , whose chest be heaving , blood drip into the water . he watch Liz . she be almost to he when suddenly he bolt , run upstream . the policeman behind he shout and wave he arm . frightened , pilgrim wheel back toward Liz , who manage to stick the hypo in he neck . he rear , knock she down , then run out of the river , the hypo still in he neck . he run for the sanctuary of the wood . int . train - late morning Annie sit on a train -- she laptop out , note beside she , she cellular phone , ever-ready . the train pass through beautiful countryside but Annie be focus on a editorial she 's write . the train pull into a station and stop , cause Annie to take a break and stretch she arm and neck . she look out the window for the first time and see : a man , he hand in he pocket , wait on the platform . she watch as the man hold out he arm to he two young child , who be get off the train . he pick they up as he wife enter the scene , kissing he and wrapping she arm around he waist . the child talk a mile a minute and the father listen to every word . Annie do not even realize she be stare . as they leave the platform , she turn back to she laptop . as the train begin to move again , Annie return to work . her cellular phone ring . she answer . annie yeah ?... hi. I make the 1:00 so ... the expression on she face sink into a stunne panic . int . hospital , connecticut - day Annie be run through the corridor , she bag in tow . she see Robert stand in the corridor talk to a doctor . she run for they . when she appear , Robert and the Doctor stop they conversation . Robert look to Annie , who be wait for news . annie what !? Robert be teary eye , beat down . ROBERT judith 's dead . Annie 's horrify , wait for news of Grace . annie what about Grace ? ROBERT she be in pretty bad shape . they have do a c.a.t. scan -- she have some hemorrhage ... doctor but nothing we can not handle ... annie ( impatient ) where be she now ? doctor surgery . annie surgery ! for what -? ROBERT ( interrupt ) Annie , she leg be shattered -- what they call the distal epi.. epi .. doctor distal epicondyle of the femur ... ROBERT ( quietly , cry ) they have to take the leg off . Annie respond without tear and cry but with a quiet shock . we can tell she mind be racing , try to process the information , until finally she ask : annie which leg ? the Doctor and Robert be surprised by the question . ROBERT what difference do it make ? Annie stare for a beat , then nod apologetically . ext . wood - day pilgrim be sedate , lie in he own blood in the snow , surround by Police and tracker . he be be attend to by liz hammond , who be dictating to she assistant : liz ... his skull , cheek , and nose be severely fracture . he have a deep chest wound . I be not even sure it can be close . local tracker ( deadpan , local accent ) Animal should be put down -- anybody can see that . Liz look up to he , resentfully , but know he 's right . int . grace's hospital room - day camera move from Grace 's face down she body to Robert 's hand , which rub she good leg . he look at she lovingly , push the hair from she forehead . Annie , need to do something , tenderly straighten Grace 's blanket . it be plain to see where she leg have once be . Robert can not look . Annie , one to face she fear , bravely look at it head on . she notice the i.v. bag and rise on : annie that bag 's almost empty . ROBERT ( look ) no , it 's get a little leave . they will be in to change it . annie ( as she exit ) Robert , you leave it up this people ...! Robert be about to respond but Annie be already out the door . we hear the o.s. dialogue as Robert listen . annie ( o.s. ) Excuse I , my daughter need a new i.v. nurse ( o.s. ) we have she down , we will be right in . annie ( o.s. ) I would like it take care of now please . Annie enter first . annie you have to keep on top of this people or else they just sit on they -- but Robert be ignore she . facing Grace , smoothing away she hair . he 's give she the silent treatment . Annie know this mean Robert do not approve of she dictatorial behavior . annoy , she turn away as well . the nurse enter with a new bag and begin to replace the old one as Robert back away . ROBERT I be sorry . annie tch . what be you -- Annie , about to respond to he inappropriate politeness , be stop by Robert , who finally look at she . it 's a powerful look that tell she to calm down and shut up . it 's a look that , for all of Robert 's sensitivity , affect Annie . she get the message and stay calm . as the nurse leave , Annie be about to say thank you , but Robert beat she to it . ROBERT thank you . Annie and Robert stand face each other , when the phone ring . Annie pick up . intercut ext . wood - day liz hammond on a cellular , walk away from the crowd . liz Annie , it 's liz. how 's Grace ? annie ( journalistic ) her leg be shattered so they have to , uh ... remove it . she have some bleed but it 's under control . liz oh God , Annie , I be so sorry . I ... I know you be be hit with a low now , I do not want to take too much of you time but I have to talk to you about pilgrim . Annie hear the name as if it 's some distant echo she can not quite identify ; Liz speak quickly as Annie watch Grace breathe in she sleep -- liz it 's not good . I have never see a animal with this injury still breathe . I know this be difficult to hear right now I would like you permission to put he down . it 's the really best thing we can do for -- that be too much information for Annie ; annie wait , uh , I , I do not understand . start again -- he 's alive ... liz yes , but he 's in a tremendous pain ... annie well , of course , right ... ROBERT what be it ? liz ( overlap ) we really should not wait ... annie ( overlap ) hold on , Liz ... ( to Robert ) something about pilgrim ... the Doctor poke he head in . doctor ( overlap ) Mr. and Mrs. maclean ... annie ( overlap ) -- put he down . she say ... ROBERT ( overlap , to Doctor ) yes. hi. ( to Annie ) tell she you will call she back . he exit with the Doctor . annie Liz , listen , the Doctor 's here and I just can not , uh ... talk now ... so -- liz ( interrupt ) I understand , but Annie , please ... annie ( overlap ) - see , what you can do for he --... liz ( overlap ) Annie , no matter what I do , this horse will never be the same . annie ... I just do not know right now ! do whatever you can and when Grace be -- liz it be not right to make he suffer ... annie and I can say the same thing about my daughter ! but she be suffer ! can you solve that problem ! ( Liz be quiet ) I can not deal with this now , Liz ! if you need a yes or no right now , then no -- do not do it ! not until I know Grace be all right . now , please ! just do what you can . okay ? ( softer ) please . Liz be stop by Annie 's almost plead tone . liz all right ... they hang up . Annie take a breath . Robert re-enter . annie what do he say ? ROBERT nothing new . he 's just go off duty . beat . silence . annie I be go to get all the nurse ' name ... it 's good to know all they name . Robert nod . but neither of they move . they stand motionless for a beat , then Annie begin to break down and ease herself into Robert 's arm . Robert embrace she , kissing she head , with a almost fatherly comfort . his expression tell we it 's the moment he 's be expect ... and want . now she will be all right , in he arm . whatever distance between they , whatever problem feel insurmountable last night on the phone , be now , for the moment -- for Robert -- go . but Annie 's expression tell we something different . her instinct to hold he be honest ... but the effect be not the same anymore . something do not feel right . something be not work anymore about he comforting embrace . annie I should go get some of she thing . ROBERT no , let I go . annie ( gently push away ) no , I will go . you stay ... in case she wake up . int . the university animal hospital , recovery stall - night a line of recovery stall with various sick and hurt animal . Liz , exhaust asleep , on a chair outside a stall . there 's a slight scratch sound . a hoof against the stall . it get louder , awaken Liz . she get up and look inside the paddle stall : pilgrim be lie in the stall , heavily bandage . he be waking up . his first instinct be to kick at the paddle stall wall . he look at Liz , he eye fill with madness -- enraged to still be alive . int . grace's bedroom in farmhouse - night Annie open the door and enter , flick on the light . camera be on she back , as she place a small suitcase on the bed and open it . she begin she task with cool efficiency . open drawer and closet , assess what should be take , what be not necessary . suddenly , she stop . she feel disorient for a moment . she can not remember the last time she be inside this room . she take a moment to pause and actually look around . in the light , we now see more of Grace 's inner sanctum . horse riding prize ribbon in various color adorn the wall . book . a girl 's bureau cluttere with teenage possession range from childhood toy to item that suggest a reach towards adulthood . Annie examine some item , affectionately . a good luck charm from India sit among she thing . Annie take it to pack in the suitcase . she notice a frame 8x10 of Grace sit proudly atop pilgrim with judith at she heel . she then notice the edge of another picture behind this one , in the frame . she pull the pilgrim photo out to reveal : a old 8x10 of Annie hugging Grace as a toddler . with she back to camera , Annie remember : memory : int . grace's room - a day remembered Annie be play with toddler Grace . Chasing she around the room . pick she and toss she onto a small , toddler bed . blow into she stomach . Grace be laugh uncontrollably . end of memory Annie slide the pilgrim picture back into the frame , then return to she task of pack . int . grace's hospital room - night Annie enter . no one else be there . she place the suitcase on a chair and open it . she take out the indian lucky charm and some horse book , and place they on she bedside table . she take care to prop up the lucky charm . she wet a cloth with some water from a pitcher and gently wipe Grace 's sweaty brow ... insert visual flashback here , instead of in country House . Annie then continue unpack the suitcase . she open Grace 's closet and see a hospital bag fill with Grace 's clothes at the time of the accident . Annie examine they and discover they be hers . Annie shove the clothes into a bag and start unpack . int . hospital cafeteria - pre-dawn the clock be tick on the wall . the cafeteria be empty except for one tired intern , drink coffee on a break . Robert and Annie be have a cup of coffee . in the silence , they search for thing to say . until : ROBERT I see judith 's parent while you be at the apartment ... ( Annie listen ) I want to say something ... ( beat ) but I ... I be so relieved that Grace be still ... that it be not we daughter . annie we be very lucky . ROBERT ( nod ) the funeral 's on Friday . he rise and cross to the self - help coffee dispenser as he continue ... ROBERT oh , uh , I mean to tell you ... Alex bring that fabric over ... annie okay . ROBERT it 's on the table by the phone . I do not know what to tell he ... ( return to table , sit ) ... whether or not we be ... ( beat ) ... if we still we be think of redoing the couch . Annie just nod . she sense Robert be look for some kind of reassurance , but she can not give it to he . he continue ; ROBERT ... and uh ... mario call about move the wisteria ? annie oh. right . I will call he . pause . Annie look at she husband as he stare off to the side , deep in he thought . she can sense he 's sink as he fidget with the napkin . she remember : memory : int . a smaller apartment , kitchen - a night remembered a young Annie stand in a bathrobe , noticeably pregnant , cooking at a stove -- read instruction from a propped up cookbook . frank sinatra be blasting as she sing along , in full voice , without inhibition ; annie " she' love the theatre but never come late ... she never bother with people she hate ... that be why the lady be a tramp !... " a young Robert , wear a suit , arrive home from work . see she , he smile affectionately . he put down he briefcase and burst into he own playful Sinatra impersonation : ROBERT " she love the free ... " startle , Annie turn around and smile : ROBERT ( sexily undoing he tie ) " ... fresh , wind in her hair ... life without care ... she' broke ... but it's ' ok ' ... annie ( a la fan ) sing it to I , frankie ! ROBERT ( a la Sinatra cool ) how 's my pregnant chick ! she move to he and they embrace ... he wrap he arm around she . they kiss . Annie laugh . annie you can hardly get you arm around I . how depress . you be so early . ROBERT I have to excuse myself from a meeting . it 's ridiculous . I keep think about the baby ... you ... and , I swear , I be go to start bawling right into my brief . annie ( loving it ) aw ... that 's so sweet . ROBERT I love you . annie do you ? do you really ? they turn to each other and kiss . end of memory . int . hospital cafeteria - pre-dawn Annie and Robert sit silently at the table in a empty hospital cafeteria , a lifetime later . int . grace's hospital room - daybreak the room 's light be dimme . Dawn be be to break through . Grace , slowly , open she eye come out of sedation . she take a moment to figure out where she be ... to remember . she use she hand to hoist herself up , but she 's unsteady and knock into she bedside table -- knock the good luck charm from India off the table . it roll under the bed , with a water tumbler . Grace never see the charm . Grace look where she leg once be . she feel the blanket , the empty space where she leg once be ... just like she mother do ( do she father could not ) . instead of self - pity , she 's oddly fascinate . dissolve to : int . grace's hospital room - later that day daylight pour in . Robert and Annie enter . Robert , load with gift , immediately cross to Grace , on the side of she good leg . Annie take she position beside the lose leg . Robert kiss he daughter ; ROBERT hi , sweetheart ... Annie 's hand find Grace 's hand , and hold one of she finger tightly . Grace respond by wrapping she hand around she mother 's . they exchange a look of respect and gratitude . grace have you hear from judith 's parent ? ROBERT no , not yet . grace how 's pilgrim do ? annie Liz be take care of he . ( to change the subject ) the doctor say the sooner you start therapy the better the chance be you can -- grace I can not even get out of bed yet ! you be already put I in therapy !! Annie , slightly hurt , drop it as Robert take over : ROBERT the doctor say whenever you be ready . take you time . you tell we ... but he think it will only be a few month , then -- as Robert continue talk , Annie drift to the nurse . need to manage something , she ask : annie do you get she fresh towel ? some time later : ext . central park west apartment build - day a limousine drive up as the doorman get the car door . the weather be slightly warmer . people 's clothing look as if spring be come nearer . Annie exit first , carry a jacket for Grace . she be follow by Robert , who immediately turn to help Grace . we hear she o.s . grace ( o.s. ) dad ! I can do it , ok ?! ROBERT ok , ok . Annie shoot he a disapprove look . we see Grace 's good leg exit first ... then two crutch , follow by ... a prosthetic leg . Grace scoot into view , and take a breath . grace you all go ahead . I will be up by Christmas . int . central park west apartment - night the three sit at a dinner table , eat dinner . Grace pick at she food . Robert can not help stare at she . Annie eat , watch they both . ROBERT do you want something else , honey ? we order something else ? grace no , I be just not that hungry . annie why do not you go lie down ? grace I do not want to lie down . I have be lie down enough . ROBERT you want to watch some television ? grace ( edgy ) maybe ... look -- just ... Robert and Annie wait . she do not continue . she rise , reach for she crutch . Robert move to help . grace I get it ! I get it ! she exit into she room . Annie look at he disapprovingly . int . annie and robert bathroom / bedroom - night Annie and Robert stand before they separate sink , talk to each other through they separate mirror , as they wash up for bed . annie you have get to stop do that ? ROBERT do what ? annie helping all the time ! running to she every time she trip or fall ... anticipate she all the time . Robert shut off he sink and dry he face , without a word . he exit into the bedroom , and get into bed . for a beat , he stare up at the ceiling -- then say quite plainly . ROBERT you know , Annie , this do not just happen to you . Annie be apply moisturizer when she hear this . as it sink in , she do not like it . int . grace's bedroom - night Grace stand by she door and can hear she parent muffle , tense voice . Annie be angry at he complacency . Robert just want what 's best for Grace . she close the door . silence . she put she crutch against the wall and try to walk towards she bureau without they . it be a struggle , but she do ... almost fall , but grab the bureau just in time . the 8x10 of she and pilgrim , fall face down . she prop it up and look at it -- focus on she horse , then on judith . suddenly , she lash out , knock the photograph onto the floor ... ROBERT ( o.s. ) honey , you all right ? do something fall ? grace ( angrily shout ) no ! ext . grace's private school - morning Annie pull up in a Range Rover and stop . Grace move for the door . Annie ask respectfully ; annie do you want any help ? Grace do not even bother to answer . she manage to get onto the pavement , then turn for she bag ... Annie notice other kid look at Grace from behind , as they enter the school . annie dad will pick you up today , all right ? grace okay . Grace look up to she mother . what be unspoken between they be the understanding that today will be difficult and there 's nothing either one can do about it . annie you will be fine . Grace nod and turn to the school . Annie watch she go . int . grace's school - morning Grace make she way through the hall . it be the first time she have have to maneuver through a crowd . some of the young child be especially unconscious . Grace sweat she way through , try to maintain she balance and she sanity . as Grace slowly move along , whatever small faith she have that she could get through this day , begin to diminish . int . anniee office - day Annie move about the office , hand in pocket , in front of she wall of window . lucy and she staff sit around the office . Annie be speak to a young woman staff member ; annie I do not care what he tell you ! the man 's a liar ! the man 's a actor , for Christ 's sake . they be all liar ! they will say anything to get a cover ... the Young woman look insulted . a assistant come in to give Annie a note ; ext . grace's school - day Annie be crossing a empty school yard . Grace be sit on the ground , she back against a wall , she " leg " in front of she . she have be cry . she look up to she mother . grace it 's too hard . Annie kneel before she sympathetically brush she hair away : annie oh , honey ... what happen ? grace do not matter . I ... I do not want to come back , that 's all . annie ( softly ) oh. well , what be you go to do ? you have to go to school , honey . I mean , what -- grace ( snap ) I be not come back ! that 's it ! I want to go home ! annie Grace , listen to I . you body be just heal . you have to give the rest of you time as well ... grace be that you version of a pep talk ? annie you be not stay home all day feel sorry for yourself . you be go to get up and you be go to figure this out . grace ( snotty ) Fine ! annie it 's still early . what 's you next class ? with secret delight , Grace viciously utter the word : grace gym ! int . annie and robert bedroom - night Annie be at she desk study Grace 's book on horse Whisperer . Robert be on he bed with brief laid out before he . int . grace's bedroom - same night the door be close . a song blare on she stereo . Grace be in she bed watch a video of she and pilgrim ... riding at a horse show . there 's a shot of Annie stand proudly , watch she ride . another shot of she and judith , both of they on they horse , wave to camera . int . bedroom - same night Grace enter . grace dad ? both Robert and Annie look up . ROBERT what , sweetheart ? grace ( beat ) I want to see pilgrim . Robert and Annie exchange a anxious look . ext . dyer horse farm , connecticut - day it 's raining . the maclean car be park by the barn . they be walk towards the stable under they umbrella as Liz run to greet they . liz hello ... ( to Grace ) it 's so good to see you . how ya do ? ROBERT she 's do just grea . be not you kiddo ? grace I be fine . liz well , come on . he 's out back now ... ( lead they ) mind how you go . it 's pretty muddy back there . grace why be he in the back ? why be not he in the barn with the other horse ? Liz stop , cause everyone to stop . she turn to face Grace , realize she do not know . she look at Robert and Annie , accusingly . she try to explain : liz well , Grace , you see ... pilgrim just ... be not the same horse he use to be . ( to the parent ) as a matter of fact , maybe now 's not the best time to -- grace I really want to see he . Liz look at Annie . Annie nod . Liz lead they on . they reach a row of empty old stall . they cross to one of the stall -- its door be close . Liz draw back the bolt on top half of the door . there be a immediate explosion of sound inside the stall , the sound of fear , startling they . then it 's still . Liz slowly open the door . Grace , with the aide of she cane , walk to the stall . she hesitates , then look in . it take a moment for she eye to grow accustom to the dark . she see pilgrim with he head down in the shadow ... grace hello , beautiful boy ... he lift he head at the sound of she voice . Grace , and the audience , see he for the first time -- his mad eye , he terrible disfigurement ... Grace cry out , step backwards , nearly stumbling in the mud ... what be leave of she horse be go . Annie realize what 's happen and , together with Robert , rush to she ... they too see the monster pilgrim have become and be horrify . Grace angrily push away from they and " run " off . Robert go after she . Annie be stand in the rain with Liz -- she eye unable to move away from the sight of pilgrim . liz ( o.s. ) you should have tell she , Annie . I try to explain to you how bad it be ... I guess you have to see it . but , there 's nothing to be do . this animal 's beyond help . Annie , can I have you permission now to put he down ? Annie stand in the rain , hand in pocket , fix on pilgrim and more determine than ever ; annie no . ext . central park west apartment - night alone in she study , Annie sit before she computer search the Internet for information on horse -- veterinarian journal , therapies , accident , eistory ... we sense she 's be at it a while ... she locate a item title -- horse whisperer . interested , she bring it up on the screen . int . new york public library - night Annie sit in the huge read room , book spread out before she , under a green read lamp . her voice tell we what she 's read : annie ( v.o . ) " it be in America that horse first roam ... " in the book , we see picture , lithograph , painting and drawing ... annie ( v.o. ) " a million year before the birth of man , they graze the vast empty plain of grass and cross to other continent over bridge of rock ... they first know man as the hunt know the hunter , for long before man see horse as a mean to kill other beast , man kill they for meat ... " annie be v.o. continue over ; int . pilgrim be stall - night annie ( v.o. ) " ... the alliance with man would forever be fragile -- for the fear he would strike into they heart be too deep to be dislodge ... since that neolithic moment when a horse be first halter , there be that among man who understand this ... " int . grace's room - night Grace sit alone in she darken room , stare out the window but not look at anything . there 's a discomfort distance in she expression . annie ( v.o. ) " ... they could see into the creature 's soul and soothe the wound they find there ... " dissolve to : ext . a fairground parking lot , california - day a hot , dusty fairground horse arena . the wear wooden bleacher , crowded . line of car and pick - up truck . annie ( v.o. ) " ... for secret uttere softly into troubled ear , this man be know as the Whisperer ... " one particular pick - up truck have its back door open . a man' leg be stick out , put on a pair of boot . a moment later the man get out of the car . holding a cowboy hat , he have a certain quality , a self - respect , that man who know themselves seem to have . tom booker . a weathered redhead woman name rona -- late forty , strong , wiry horsewoman 's build -- be walk towards he . rona hey , darlin' . tom hey , rona . sorry I be late . rona I would not know what to do if you be on time . they walk together towards the fairground . tom you be look fit . rona fit ? you want to check my tooth . ( Tom laugh ) good crowd today . I think you will have some fun . you go to stay for dinner ? tom if it 's not too much trouble , I think I might . rona ( playful ) kind of trouble I be in the mood for . tom oh-oh ... maybe I better get back in the truck . rona let out a hearty laugh as they enter the horse arena . ext . horse arena , california - day Inside the corral , a small black thoroughbre be be work by Tom . as he ride and narrate into a radio microphone to the crowd , we sense this be a man of good humor and great skill -- guileless , sensible , of the earth . tom ... it 's always kind of interesting to hear the horse 's side of the story ... the crowd laugh warmly . he direct he comment to a woman wear a expensive Ralph lauren western outfit , stand outside the corral ... tom now if he be cranky or lazy , like you say he be , we would be see he tail twitching there and he ear back , maybe . but this be not a cranky horse , it 's a scared horse . you see how brace he be up around the neck back there . he just do not know which way to turn ... the woman nod . Tom turn the horse on a dime so that he always stay face the circle thoroughbre ... tom you see how he keep point he hindquarters in at I ? well , I would guess the reason he seem reluctant to move out be because when he do , he get in trouble for it . the woman he 's not good at transition , you know ? when I want he to move from a trot to a lope , say ... tom ( smile ) well , I be sure that 's what you think but that 's not what I be see . you may think you be ask for a lope , but you body may be say something else altogether . you might be put too many condition on he . for instance , you might be say " go , but , hey , do not go too fast . " he can tell that from the way you feel . you body can not lie . you ever give he a kick to make he move out ? the woman he will not go unless I do . tom and then he go and you feel like he 's go too fast , so you yank he back ? ( she nod ) and next thing you know , he 's buck . ( she nod again ) well , if someone tell you to go , stop , go , stop -- you would buck too . the people laugh . the woman smile self - consciously . tom it 's a dance , see ... somebody have to lead and somebody have to follow . Tom gracefully move he horse around the ring , " dance " . he then take up a long coiled rope and throw it so that the coil slap against the black horse 's flank , make it burst into a lope . and again ... make the animal go from a trot to a lope , let it slow , then up to a lope again . tom I want he to get so he can leave real soft . he 's get the idea now . he 's not all brace up and tense like he be at the start . he 's find out it 's okay . he throw the rope again and this time the transition to the lope be a smooth one . tom you see that ? he 's get better already . pretty soon , if you work at it , you will be able to make all this transition easy on a loose rein . ( sotto voce , wry ) yeah , and pig will fly . ( to woman ) he 's go to be okay -- so long as you do not go yanking on he . she nod , but he can see she 's upset , feel foolish . he walk the horse over to she , turn off the microphone and speak sympathetically : tom look , the truth be it 's all about self - preservation . this animal . ( with great affection ) ... well , they just have such big heart , you know ? there 's nothing they want more than to do what you want they to do . but when the message get all confuse , the only thing they know to do be try and save themselves ... now , why do not you go saddle up and see what happen . feeling better , and not a little attract to he heartfelt man' man , the woman smile and reach for he hand to climb over the rail . her horse let she come right up to he and stroke he neck . Tom comment ; tom they will not ever hold a thing against you . they be the most forgive creature God ever make . turn on he mike and turn back to the crowd , he say : tom okay , who 's next ? a Young Boy lead a mule into the ring . Tom smile : tom now God have another idea entirely with the mule . ext . the fairground - later that day Tom have finish he " show . " people be shaking he hand , thanking he , as he walk away from the corral , towards a trailer . the woman in the Ralph lauren approach : woman Excuse I . he face the woman : woman hi. I be Dale . I just want to -- I can not get over the way he feel under I after you would finish with he . everything have just , I do not know , freed up or something . the woman be flirt . Tom shrug , uncomfortably ; tom well , that will happen . woman where do you learn all this stuff ? tom what stuff be that ? woman about horse ? I would love to learn more about it myself . do you offer any private lesson for rider ? tom ( get the message ) well ... Dale ... you know , a lot of this stuff ... it just ... nut and bolt . woman what do you mean ? tom well , if the rider 's nut , the horse bolt . ( smile ) that 's the whole lesson right there . you have a good day now ... just ... keep on freeing yourself up . he leave she , enter the trailer . int . rona' trailer - night a small , well - use trailer . Tom and rona be finish dinner like comfortable old friend . rona rise , take the plate into the kitchen and start rinsing they : rona oh I clear forget . you have a call from some woman in New York . she sound pretty wound up . tom I do not any woman in New York . but from what I hear , most of they be wound up . rona the number 's by the phone . he nod but do not move . he just look at rona and smile . she 's a good woman . but Tom hope she do not want anymore than what they have together . rona notice he look and smile : rona what be you look at , young man ? tom how long be you marry ? rona Long enough . tom you ever miss it ? rona do a horse miss a saddle ? tom sometimes . she chuckle , shut the water off and cross back to he , sit beside he . rona well as a matter of fact , I do not ... most of the time . she start unbuttone he shirt . tom you know , rona , we be not all that good together even when we be good together . rona honey ... I be always good . Tom smile as rona lean in . they kiss . int . anniee office , n.y.c . - morning Annie be look over a magazine cover with Lucy and she staffer . she be unhappy . annie you know it 's perfectly shot , it 's perfectly cropped , it 's perfectly laid out and I be so bloody bored , I would rather buy a motor Racing magazine -- start over . some general whine and groan as she assistant hand she a note . annie uh , would you all excuse I a moment ? she wait for they to leave as she sit before the phone . one of she line be light : ext . a roadside service station somewhere in utah - day a endless sky . a empty ribbon of two - lane highway in Utah . a small roadside station . Tom 's pick - up truck , he horse trailer hitched to it , get gas . Tom be on the pay phone . we hear Annie 's voice : annie ( o.s. ) this be Annie maclean . tom yeah . hello . this be Tom booker . I get a message you call . intercut annie in she office : annie ( efficient , expeditiously ) oh! yes . thank you for call back . uh , all right , let I try to explain my situation as briefly as possible ... you see , my daughter have a accident with she horse ... they be both injure and she , my daughter , she have not be able to ... fully ... uh ... it be a extremely traumatic experience ... and uh ... Tom , sense she turmoil , listen compassionately . annie I go on the Internet and find this article about you ... it say you be a horse whisperer , that you ... you help people with horse problem . and you have quite a success rate when it come to traumatize -- tom well , see , truth be , mar 'am , I help horse with people 's problem . annie well , you know , however you want to put it -- I get you information from the publisher of the article . I call Montana and you sister - in - law , I think , give I this number . ( try to be charming ) I be be hot on you trail you could say because I be hope you would consider come to New York and take a look at my daughter 's horse and possibly -- tom ma'am , I be very sorry about you problem and I appreciate what you daughter must be go through , but I be afraid you have misunderstand whatever it be you read . I do not do that sort of thing . annie well , if you could just come for the day . New York 's only a few hour by plane , I would have you home by dinner ... tom look , even if it be nearer , that 's just not what I do . I give clinic . and I be not even do they for a while . I be head back to Montana right now . I get a ranch to take care of ... annie ( interrupt , abruptly ) I will pay you for you fare . I will send you to Montana first class . tom ( get impatient ) ma'am , first class to Montana be a waste of good money . now , be I be too polite here or when I say no in Utah , do that mean yes in New York City ? Annie be take aback . Tom feel badly . tom I , I do not mean to sound insensitive . I understand you situation . but there 's nothing I can do . you just call the wrong person , that 's all . I hear there be a bunch of therapist in New York . maybe you should call one of they . annie Mr. booker , if I could just ex -- tom I be very sorry , mar 'am . Goodbye now . he hang up before Annie can continue . int . grace's bedroom - night Annie reach for Grace 's bedroom door , then pause . she realize she should knock . she do and whisper : annie Grace ? ( knock again ) Grace , it 's mom . Annie slowly open the door . she find Grace 's bed empty . she look over to the window to find Grace sit in a chair , in the dark , look out the window . annie Grace . what be you do ? not look up , Grace speak in a hollow voice . grace I can not find that charm daddy give I from India . annie I bring it to you in the hospital . grace no , you do not . annie Grace , I put it on the table near you -- grace ( apathetic ) do not matter . beat . annie have you decide about pilgrim ? grace what about he ? annie well ... how you feel all right about tell Liz to put he down ... grace I think we should . it 's not fair to let he suffer . he 's not much use anymore . he would hate live like that . annie I think that 's ... very compassionate and ... mature way of look at it . grace Mom ? annie yeah ? grace maybe they should put I down too . annie what ? grace I mean , I be not much use anymore . why can not they be compassionate to I ? what frighten Annie most be the calm and apathy in Grace 's voice . she 's surrender ... Annie , for the first time in a long time , feel she 's lose control . int . central park west apartment - night Annie sit alone at the kitchen table , nursing a glass of wine . Robert enter and sit opposite she , wear a tuxedo -- he tie and collar undone . annie how be the dinner ? ROBERT ( wry ) all we " favorite " people be there say all they " favorite " thing about they " favorite " subject . I think to myself , we have be friend with this people almost twenty year and nobody know anybody . we be so afraid we will not like each other and have nobody go to dinner with . annie why do you go ? ROBERT ( surprised ) they be still we friend , Annie . it 's nothing serious . you kid about they all the time ... and I could tell Paul really appreciate I be there . he drink Annie 's wine as she look at he . ROBERT do you get a hold of that horse guy ? annie yeah . ROBERT what do he say ? annie no . Robert nod . accept . silence . Annie sip she wine . then : ROBERT I be think ... maybe we should think about the three of we go someplace warm ... remember that house we rent in bermuda ... the pink one with the -- his arm accidentally spill the wine . ROBERT shit . as he bend down to wipe it up with a napkin , Annie watch Robert clean the spill . something about he movement , he posture -- a sense of weakness , of surrender , of not have the inclination to fight , of just accept and smoothing over the rough sport -- strike she hard . Annie realize the love she feel for Robert be not fade . it 's go . he finish clean and sit . ROBERT what be I say ? annie about we go someplace warm ... someplace Grace will have to wear short or bathing suit or summer dress ... Robert look at she and realize it 's a bad idea . he nod , again , get the message . silence . in that silence , Annie look at he ... and make a decision : annie Robert , I want to take pilgrim out to Mr. booker . drive he out to Montana ... with Grace . Robert be confuse ... and a little worried . ROBERT I do not understand . you just say he say no . annie he do , but ... I think I can change he mind . ROBERT that 's the craziest thing I ever hear . absolutely not . annie Robert , Grace be not adjust to school . and she can not sit in this apartment all day ... I think it would be good for she . ROBERT ( at a loss ) no ! what be you -- you be serious about this ? annie I have call Liz . they can set I up with a trailer for pilgrim . I think we would stay at motel along the way ... ROBERT ( overlap ) you have already make arrangement !? annie no . I be just research . calm down . ROBERT I come home and you tell I we be go to drive a psychotic horse to Montana ! I can not just pick up and leave ... annie I be not ask you to . I will do it . ROBERT you want to do this by yourself ? how ? you can not take care of pilgrim all the -- annie he will be sedate . I know horse , Robert . I be the one who teach Grace how to ride . ROBERT ( overlap ) what ... bo -... what about the magazine ? annie I be in charge . I go back very soon after the accident . they do not expect I for a couple of month . I will just take that time now ... I can still oversee thing from Montana ... take my fax ... my computer ... beat . Robert fear this be about the marriage . yet -- ROBERT no . it 's , uh ... no , I really do not think it 's a good idea annie why ?! ROBERT ( search ) her psychiatrist ... say ... she need security now ... stability ... annie I can not say he 's be all that effective with she . ROBERT be you a psychiatrist ? he say it take time . annie I do not care what he say ! we have to do something , Robert ! I can not sit here and trust everything 's go to work out just by pretend it will . ROBERT I be not pretend anything ! beat . Robert just stare at she . he look concerned ... almost worried . Annie get uncomfortable . annie what ? it be very difficult for Robert to say ; ROBERT I think ... well , ever since the accident , I just think we ... he stop . Annie know where he head and pray to God he do not continue . he do not . a thick silence hang between they . ROBERT I really wish I could understand why you think this be so necessary . annie ( frustrated ) Robert , we be lose she . we be lose she . ( he listen ) I do not care what the doctor say . the truth be , they do not know anymore than we do -- less , when it come to Grace ... this may not sound sensible or ... logical , but nobody 's suggest anything better . I can not explain it , Robert . I just have this feel ... this annoying ... bloody feel that if ... if , somehow , pilgrim can be make all right ... then so can Grace . I just know it ! Robert can feel the strength of she will . he can find no way around it . ROBERT what if she do not want to go ? annie she will if you think she should . ROBERT and you think it 's best if I do not come . annie ( hesitates ) no , that 's not what I say . I be not a dictator . if you feel you should come , then come . just do whatever you think be right . at some moment , they realize Grace be stand at the entrance to the kitchen . they be surprised . grace I be not go ! I do not care what she say ! Annie lower she head . Robert stare at Grace as she walk to he . grace daddy ?... I do not want to go . Grace stand next to Robert . he hold she hand . Annie look at he , without sympathy . Robert look back . in he face be the total acceptance of what must be . as well as the sadness of it 's inevitability . he look back at he daughter , whose eye have never leave he . ext . joan dyer stable - day pilgrim be be load into the trailer by four strong stable man , violently kick and pull all the way . Annie watch with anxiety -- a almost giddy Liz by she side . annie maybe we should give he another sedative . liz Problem be , there be not many volunteer . he 's already have enough to sink a battleship . you have a pin , just in case ? annie of course not . liz probably best . you may want to shoot yourself half way to Ohio . in the back seat of anniee suburban sit Grace -- she back to the action . hear pilgrim 's struggle . put she walkman on she ear and raise the volume ... we hear -- grace's music , on the soundtrack , bring we to : ext . a highway , in pennsylvania - day Annie 's suburban drive along Route 80 , pull the horse trailer behind . int . suburban - day Grace , in the back seat , wear she headphone , listen to she music ( maybe liz phair or holly cole ) . detach . non - committal . as truck pass by , they time slapping the pavement , she react and turn to the other window . Annie , in sunglass , shift she attention between the road and she rear-view mirror -- check on Grace . ext . highway in - early morning the suburban drive as the sun begin to set . ext . motel in ohio - night the suburban and horse trailer be park in the lot . int . motel room , ohio - night a small furnish motel room with two twin bed . Grace sit up in bed watch tv , with no expression . a sitcom with can laughter serve as a hypnotic drug . Annie enter from the bathroom , after shower , drying she hair . Grace do not bother to look up . annie you want to take you bath ? ( Grace shake she head ) we have to get up early tomorrow . you may not have enough time to -- grace Fine -- I will take my bath . she begin move off the bed . annie no , I do not mean you have to . it 's just that we may not have enough -- grace -- enough time tomorrow . I know . annie look , if you want to take it in the morning , that 's fine . grace ( interrupt on " fine " ) I do not care . Annie realize she may have push too hard , but she also realize there 's no talk to Grace now . so , she achieve she goal -- jannie take it now . Grace hobble off the bed , enter the bathroom and shut the door . int . motel room in ohio - night the light be off . Annie lay in bed , wide awake . it be the middle of the night . Grace , asleep in the other bed , begin whimper . she 's have a bad dream . Annie rise -- consider whether or not to intercede ... finally , Grace begin to cry out ... softly at first , but with increase intensity until she awaken in fear ... Annie appear right by she side . annie what , sweetheart ? what ? shaken , Grace can not fight how much she need she mother at that moment . she wrap she arm around she , tightly , and try to catch she breath . annie it 's sleep in a strange bed , that 's all . happens sometimes . it 's ok . it 's ok . ext . another road , mid - west - day the suburban continue its journey . once again -- Annie , in the front , and Grace , in the rear , drive without a word between they . int . suburban - day Grace and Annie occupy they same position . Annie be on the car phone with she office . annie okay , listen -- let 's do this . when I get to the next motel , I will see if they have a fax . if not , I will call you tomorrow to -- Annie continue o.s. when we hear a shifting , a rock in the trailer behind they . as if pilgrim make a sudden move . Grace quickly turn she head . Annie look in the rear view at Grace . annie uh Lucy , look , I have to go . ok ... later . Annie hang up and smile at Grace through the mirror . Grace reach for she walkman and headphone . Annie offer ; annie Grace ! grace ! Grace lower one side of she headphone ; annie would you like to put you music on up here ? Grace shrug . Annie shrug it off as well . Grace replace the headphone . Annie turn on the radio -- nothing but country or gospel or religious talk show ... she shut it off . frustrate , Annie look up ahead and see : a truck stop diner Annie yell to be hear through the headphone ; annie it's almost lunchtime . be you hungry !? grace ( shrug ) whatever you want . annie Fine ! grace Fine . annoy , Annie pull onto the gravel and stop , talk to herself -- annie Fine ! she exit the car , bang the door . as she walk acrund the car to help Grace , she talk to herself in a sarcastic whisper : annie " whatever you want ! " well , this be what I want . I want to eat lunch and I want to smoke a cigarette and I want to keep talk to myself for the next two thousand fuck mile ... " ! she open Grace 's door . Grace sense she mother 's anger . int . truck stop diner - day Annie and Grace enter . they look around : Formica floor , trucker in cap and beer belly stuff into booth or at the counter . there be not a single space available . Annie and Grace stand near the entrance . another trucker enter and they step aside , huddle together in this foreign land . int . motel in iowa - night Grace and Annie enter the room to find a double bed instead of two twin . neither comment . Annie exit o.s. , carry the bag inside , as she say : dissolve to : annie you should call you dad before it get too late . grace I already do . ( Annie 's surprised ) this morning . when you go run . annie oh . you do not tell I . grace I do not know I have to . annie ( stare angrily , speak softly ) you do not . silence . Annie exit past she to the car . dissolve to : later Grace be asleep in she twin bed . once again , Annie be wide awake . the clock read : 4:55 am . but Annie can not sleep . camera move away from Annie , past she side of the bed , to the other side of the room . we see the shadow of a woman come towards the bed . she come in camera angle and we follow to she back to the bed , which have now transformed into -- a bed from the past , in which a ten -year -old annie be sleeping with her younger brother GEORGE . we be in memory . the woman gently shake little Annie awaken . woman Annie ... Annie , sweetheart ... wake up . the little girl , with sleep in she eye , turn and see she . woman bad news I be afraid . you daddy 's go . end of memory . Annie , in present time next to Grace , think of this as she stay awake . put she jogging parka on over she nightgown , she go outside . ext . iowa motel - night she cross the motel parking lot to the horse trailer . she look in through the siding at pilgrim , check on he . she see he be catch he halter on the side of the van . she cross to the trailer door , hesitates , then open it . pilgrim look at she . gather she courage , she climb inside . he be still , look at she . she carefully frees he halter . and suddenly he bare he tooth , bite at she . she stumble back out of the trailer , slamm the door shut . she stand lean against the trailer -- wonder if she 's out of she mind for attempt this . dissolve to : ext . iowa motel - later that same morning Annie be return from she jog , sweat . as she cross to she motel room , she stop by the window , look in to see : Grace , on the floor , strain to do she exercise . Annie fill with compassion for she girl -- remind of the struggle she face everyday . ext . the badland - day in the distance , the suburban and horse trailer look like a dot on the horizon , move across the badland . int . the suburban - another time , dusk Grace lean against the window in the back , in one of she darker mood . Annie switch radio station , from Bible thumping to farm report . she shut it off . silence . she see a road sigh : " little bighorn national monument " . annie Grace , look ! Grace read the sign . annie would you like to see that ? grace I do not care . annie ( overlap ) I do not care . Annie 's comic mimick , throw Grace off center . Annie turn off onto the exit . they drive by a massive casino -- it 's neon sign flicker . they drive up a hill past a cafe , two Indians in high crown cowboy hat stand outside of the cafe . she drive up a hill towards the parking lot of the monument ... annie this will be nice . we have not see any of the sight yet . it 's history . when I be thirteen I use to love see thing like this . grace you be never thirteen , Mom . Annie laugh , take it as a joke . Grace almost smile . but , Annie drive up to sign only to find a close sign . the park be close at six . Annie stop the car . she 's hit a brick wall once more . silence . finally , Grace speak with she usual sarcasm ; grace great idea . so now what ? beat . Annie 's patience snap ; annie how long be this go to go on ? grace what ? annie you know what I mean ? ( turn to the back seat ) be this it now ? be this the way we be go to be from now on ? ignoring she , Grace edge to the passenger side and exit the car . Annie get out of the driver 's side and walk around as she speak : annie do you want we to turn around and go back home ? do you ? grace what be you ask I for ? you do not ask I if I want to come in the first place -- now I get to decide ? forget it ! she begin to turn away . Annie grab she arm . annie who do you think I be do this for ? I be do this for you ! grace bullshit ! it 's about you ! about you decide ! about you always be right ! you always get everything you way , control everybody -- like we work for you or something ! annie I do not believe this ! grace you just want to get away from daddy and you be use I to do it ! annie that 's not true ! whatever problem you father and I be have , have nothing to do with this . grace you be amazing ! you act like I do not live in that house ! do not you think I hear the two of you !? do not you think I can tell what 's go on ? I be not five year old , Mom ! ( Annie be stop ) you want to divorce daddy and daddy do not want to . annie do he tell you that ? grace he do not have to ! it 's , like , so obvious you can not stand he . annie that 's not true ! grace then why do you want to leave ? annie it 's ... it 's not that simple to explain . I know you think it be , but it 's not . the truth be , I do not really know what I want to do . I do not have all the answer . grace no , you just act like you do . Annie be choke with fury . she do not know whether to scream , cry or strangle Grace . she turn away and begin walk quickly , blindly , up past a grove of tree . she come to a cemetery enclose by a black railing . at the crest of the hill there 's a stone monument " the Little bighorn Cemetery . " in the grow darkness , she see , scattered on the hillside below she , white tombstone . a place of sorrow . a cool breeze ruffle she coat and she stick she hand in she pocket . frustrate , alone , at a complete loss as to what to do , what action to take -- Annie , for the first time in freeze , stand still -- and with she , come a rush of emotion . she sit with she back against the monument and begin to weep . for Grace , for Robert , herself , for the tombstone , for everyone . a flashlight shine on she face . it be a park ranger . park ranger you okay , mar 'am ? annie ( wipe face ) yes. Fine . park ranger that young lady be get a little worried . Annie realize she leave Grace alone as it get darker . annie I be sorry . I be sorry ... Annie rise and be escort back to the suburban by the Ranger . she see : Grace be sit in the front seat now , wait for she -- like a little girl lose . int . suburban - continuous Annie get into the driver 's seat . buckle up . Grace hold back tear . annie you buckle up ? ( Grace nod ) you cold ? grace Little . Annie reach into the back seat and pull a blanket out , hand it to Grace , make sure it cover she . Grace turn towards the window and close she eye . Annie start the car . ext . montana , back road - morning c.u. on pilgrim 's head in the trailer as we pull back to reveal the suburban come down a empty , seemingly infinite stretch of two - lane road in Montana . int . suburban - morning Annie and Grace , both in front seat , eat doughnut and coffee . they stop . Pov -- through the windshield be a endless sky and a roll sea of land . grace gee , this look like a fun place . annie do not they believe in sign here ? grace what would they say ? " ten mile to big rock . " " twenty mile to bigger rock . " annie there be suppose to be a turn off . do I miss it ? grace I do not see it . they suburban be the only vehicle on what seem like mile of road . Annie sigh and put the suburban in drive . ext . peterson' motel & stable , red fork montana - day the suburban and the horse trailer , pull into Peterson 's -- a collection of motel cottage adjacent to a expanse of land that include stable , corral , a main house and various riding trail into the mountain . Mr. Peterson run out from the main house to greet Annie as she get out of the car . int . suburban , on another montana back road - later that day Annie , shower and change , be try to follow Mr. Peterson 's direction to Tom 's ranch -- write on Peterson motel stationary . she be lose once again . annie ( read ) ... after leave , stay on main road until rise , then ... ( frustrated ) what bloody rise ?!? what main road !? she stop the suburban ( no longer carry the trailer ) . ext . another montana back road - continuous from outside the suburban , we see , but cannot hear , Annie hit the steering and cursing in frustration . int . suburban - continuous Annie , panting , look ahead and see nothing but empty space , above and below -- as if the earth and sky meet with nothing in between . she sigh and start the car again . as she move forward , she sense a almost indistinguishable rise in the road -- as we follow she Pov up the road through the windshield to reveal : Pov -- a breathtaking valley just beyond the rise , hide from view only a few yard before . the double divide ranch sit nestle in the valley , a few mile away . Annie be impressed . ext . the double divide range - day Men be work in the corral , saddle horse stand nearby , try to get a sick calf to suckle a cow . one of the man be Tom booker , work along side he brother frank , and he nephew , joe . Frank be a good man -- solid work ethic , Christian fear , wry sense of humor . with the build of a football player , he strength never overwhelm he boyish , good - nature heart . Joe be eleven , wear he cowboy hat like a badge of honor . the three man seem as inseparable to each other , as they be to the land . as they work : joe can we take a look at bronty 's foal when we be do here , dad ? frank sure . as long as she do not mind . joe there 's a kid at school say we should have imprint- train he . Tom and Frank do not say anything . just nod , knowingly . joe he say if you do it soon as they be bear , it make they real easy to handle later on . frank that 's what some folk say . joe there be this thing on the tv about a guy who do it with geese . he have this airplane and this baby geese all grow up think it 's they mom , and he fly it and they just follow . ( to Tom ) you hear ' bout that , uncle T ? tom yeah , I hear about that . joe well , what do you think about that stuff ? tom well , Joe , I will tell ya -- I do not know a whole lot about geese . maybe it 's okay for they to grow up think they be airplane . but horse , as far as I can tell , can not fly . Frank laugh . Joe smirk as Tom mess he hat up . there 's the sound of a car . they turn . the suburban be come over the ridge , head down the driveway in a cloud of dust . joe we expect company ? Frank shake he head . as the suburban slow down , Tom recognize the driver . tom I do not believe it . frank you know she ? Annie , out of she element , hide behind sunglass , get out as Tom approach she by himself . Annie gird herself for the confrontation . annie hello , Mr. booker . Annie maclean . from New York . we talk on the phone . she extend she hand . tom shake it , nodd , stare at she curiously . annie it 's , uh ... beautiful country . I have a little bit of a hard time find the place . there be no sign . tom plenty of sign -- just none of they print . who do I get the idea you be not just pass through ! annie well ... ok ... here it be ... uh ... I would like you to take a look at my horse . now -- it will not take long and if , after that , you still do not feel ... tom be you think of personally drive I back East ? annie oh no . she 's here . I bring he along . and my daughter , too . we be stay at Peterson 's ... tom you mean you haul he all the way out here ? just like that ? annie ( slightly take aback ) well ... yes ... I have a trailer . it 's not like I make he run along side of the car . tom all by yourself ? she nod . Tom can not help be impressed by she gut and fortitude . camera cut away for a moment to a window in the ranch house , through which diane -- Frank 's fiery , loyal pioneer wife -- look at the duo with suspicion . tom I uh ... ha , ha ... I do not think I ever meet a lady quite like yourself and I appreciate all the pain you have go through to -- annie look ! please ! do not do the " shuck , mar 'am " thing again ! ( Tom , surprised , listen ) I have drive a few thousand mile for a few minute of you time . I have bring he here -- to you neck of the ... ( see no wood ) -- mountain . just take a look at he . if you still feel the same way , I will be on the road by morning and you will never see I again . ok ? deal ? Tom try to hide a smile of respect . Annie , think she may have he , start back away towards she car -- as one would a dangerous animal they think they might have tame ... annie we be at Peterson 's . whenever you be free . you do not even have to call . she get into the suburban . Tom watch she drive off . ext . annie and grace's cottage - day Tom walk up some wooden step to a door and knock . he hear a tv on inside . and Grace 's Voice : grace ( o.s. ) mom ! the door ! he hear Annie 's muffle reply from o.s . he hear some bang as Grace fumble for she crutch and come to the door . she open it only so far as to reveal she upper body : grace yeah ? tom uh , I be Tom booker . you mother around ? Grace hop to the side as Tom walk by she , into the room . Grace be close the door as he turn to see , for the first time , that Grace be one leg . grace she will be right out . she 's on the phone . Grace hop back to the bed in front of the tv . Tom nod and put he hat down -- notice the prosthetic lean against the window , near she bed . he hear Annie on the phone and look to the other room , the door ajar -- see only she leg , seat on the edge of she bed , as she talk . her foot tap impatiently . tom first time in Montana ? Grace , rudely nod , still look at the tv . beat . Tom do not like she manner , but can easily see through it . he sit . tom she gonna be long ? grace probably . she 's on the phone twenty - three hour a day . tom what do she do ? grace she 's a editor . tom mmm . a editor . grace not like book or literature or anything . just a magazine ... just in case she have not tell you -- which I be sure she have not -- I do not want to be a part of this , ok ? Tom just sort of nod . a beat or two later , Annie enter . annie sorry about that . hi. Grace , this be Mr. booker ... have you look at pilgrim ? Tom see Grace turn away , just as Annie enter . he take a moment . he could say no right there , but something stop he . tom uh , no . I be gonna take a look now . annie you want we to come with you ? I just have to run to the main house and give Mr. Peterson a check . tom do not matter . annie Grace ?... Grace , you want to come with we , take a look at pilgrim ? Grace keep look at the tv . no reply . Tom be half way out the door when he say to Annie -- make sure Grace can hear -- tom probably best she stay behind , anyway . he disappear . Annie give Grace a final look and exit , close the door . alone , Grace fling she body across the bed , reach for she prosthetic -- put it on feverishly . she be completely intrigue by Tom . ext . peterson' stable - day Tom stand alone at the stable . open the bottom door , ducking under the stall , he go inside . tom okay now ... okay now ... walk towards he , Tom raise he hand , show pilgrim a sign of respect , of trust ... he quietly make he way along pilgrim 's side , along he flank , prompt pilgrim to move out from the shadow , into the light . Tom move to look at he . and pilgrim suddenly kick out at he . Tom , not cow , stand he ground . he bend , look at pilgrim 's withere leg . he look up at he scar head . he look into the pool of the horse 's torture eye . pilgrim stand still -- allow Tom this brief intimacy . as Grace walk towards the stable , she realize that the door be open and Tom must be inside . she be amaze . Annie , appear behind she , be also impressed . Tom exit the stable and see they , as he close the door . annie well ... you be close anyone 's get . he walk straight towards they -- veer more to Grace . he stop in front of she and they look into each other 's eye -- in a way that remind we of how Tom look at pilgrim . except , Grace be make even more uncomfortable by the intimacy . she turn away and walk to the corral , to lean on a post -- as if she do not care . Tom turn to Annie . tom I have to be honest . I still feel you make a long trip for nothing . he look at Annie . Annie have no more word -- just a ever - present plead in she face . Tom watch as Grace make a small , naked movement -- put she hand on she cheek , like a hurt child . he can not help but see this three be connect by one wound . tom but before I even think about it , I need to know something here and now . it 's a question for Grace here . Grace stiffen . tom when I work with a horse , it 's no good just I do it . it do not work that way . the owner need to be involved too . annie well , that will be a little complicated -- tom you can make it as complicated or as easy as you like . but she 's the one who 's gonna be riding he , be I right ? so here 's the deal . I be not sure I can do anything , but I be prepare to give it a go -- ( to Grace ) -- if you will help . ( Grace give a bitter laugh ) you have a problem with that ? grace be not it like , obvious ? tom not to I . either you want to or you do not . annie look , I will talk to Grace and call you later -- tom Excuse I , with all due respect , but this be she decision , not yours . and I do not want to waste anybody 's time -- mostly mine . Grace react anew to Tom 's remark . she like she mother be dis -empower . Annie keenly understand the importance of Tom put it this way to Grace . Grace have all eye on she -- just what she want . all wait for she response . she turn away , flick she head and say : grace well , there 's nothing else to do around here . Annie smile in relief . but Tom be not satisfied . tom not good enough . I can not help you . he start walk away . Annie do not know what to do . Grace mumble . grace what do I have to do ? Tom keep walk out ... Grace say it louder . grace I say , what do I have to do ?! Tom stop and look at she . Annie hold she breath . int . the ranch house , double divide - night Frank , Tom , Joe and tom twin boy , 6 year old , sit at a dining table eat dinner , as Diane serve . we parachute into the middle of the conversation : diane ... well , I just think she 's get a lot of nerve show up here . draggin ' that child and that poor animal all the way ... ( to one of the twins ) you eat with that finger again and you know what will happen ! ( the boy cower ) Frank , do not you think she 's get a nerve ? frank oh hell , I do not know ... accord to Tom , she 's a pretty determine woman . must have think it be worth it . diane ( sit down ) I guess they will want feed and all , out here all day long . tom I do not believe they will expect that . diane what , they be not go forty mile into choteau everytime they want a hamburger . frank mix salad . diane what ? frank ( slyly ) I believe woman from New York eat mix salad . ai not that right , Tom ? Tom hide a grin -- he know Frank into teasing she now . tom I believe so . saw it on a television show , once . diane well , that 's just what we need on a cattle ranch -- a vegetarian from New York . everyone eat . beat . joe when you figure on brand ? frank weekend after next ... tom if the weather hold . Frank nod . silence again . everyone eat . beat . joe what 's a editor do anyway ? diane ( play ) we be not sure , sweetheart , but they eat like rabbit . Tom and Frank chuckle . Diane smile -- in on the joke with they . the child be curiously confuse . int . annie and grace's motel room - night camera move to reveal Annie on the phone in front of she computer and fax ... plugging in extension cord as she talk : annie ... the phone company 's put in extra line . I will call back with the number . oh , and I want you to get in touch with this lady in town here -- they say she 's sort of a physical therapist for the rodeo boy but keep the one at the hospital we already contact on call ... Grace sit alone in the live room . watch tv , but anxious and disturb about what she 's commit herself to . int . double divide kitchen - continuous - night Diane be in she bathrobe do bill at the kitchen table , as she listen to a book of tape . her hand on she forehead , she other hand write . Tom enter to take he hat off the sideboard . he move to the table and reach over for a cookie from a plate of cookie . without look up , Diane slap he hand . Tom then pour himself a cup of coffee ... then swiftly sneak he hand back and grab a cookie . Diane smile . Tom exit . it be only then that Diane look up after he . int . upper floor of ranch house - night camera follow Tom towards he bedroom -- pass the other . perhaps we see Frank sprawle out asleep already in he underwear . we might see the twin in they bunk . one of the twin ' lower torso be lay outside of the blanket . he casually flip the blanket over the kid 's bare foot and continue to he room . int . tom' bedroom - night Tom enter and close the door . turn on a stereo which play a cello piece by yo - yo ma. book fill he room . he sit at he desk , put on eye glass and look through some paperwork . suddenly he stop , look over the paperwork , into space . a think pass by . we do not know what . fade out : ext . the ranch , a corral - daybreak first light of day . pilgrim stand stock still in the middle of the corral . Tom , motionless , be crouch on he haunch in the corral -- watch he . tom be Pov : as pilgrim move , he can see that the horse be stove up . he softly toss a handful of dirt at pilgrim 's withere leg ... pilgrim , sensitive to the slight provocation , buck , wheeling away from he . then stop . Tom sit on he haunch again ... and watch he . Frank appear , exite from the barn ( perhaps ) . frank Tom ? tom yeah . Tom leave pilgrim , hook up with Frank -- the two brother go off , discuss the ranch work that be ahead of they . dissolve to : ext . the ranch - another day Annie and Grace arrive in the suburban . they exit . as they head towards the ranch , they see in the distance : pilgrim stand along the fence of a round pen . Tom stand in the pen , hold a rope , look at pilgrim . ext . the round pen - day Tom stand in the pen with pilgrim . he look to see Annie and Grace approach but make no acknowledgement . he turn he focus back to pilgrim . Annie and Grace appear . Grace take a position ( that be to become she regular spot ) a distance away from the pen . Annie move in closer , beside smokey ( a ranch hand ) with one leg up on the pen fence . smokey howdy ... ( see Grace ) howdy . he and Annie watch as Tom stand before pilgrim -- turn sideways ... then stand ... annie what 's he do ? smokey try to get he eye . annie how 's it go ? smokey do not respond -- how it 's go be exactly how it look . Tom take a few step , stop and stand still again . we sense the process be long and require great patience . dissolve to : ext . round pen - day two hour later . Grace be in the same spot . smokey be go , do he work . Annie have take a different position , look over several page of fax on she lap . Tom be still stand in the pen try to get pilgrim 's eye . Joe have join the proceedings , sit on the pen rail . Tom deftly throw a hoolihan , gently lassoing pilgrim around the neck . and pilgrim , at the touch of the rope , craze , resist , pull back , strike at the rope ... the rope cut into Tom 's hand . Tom give he some slack , give he head , let he relax ... then gently head he by the rope , walk he around the pen , get he foot to move . Grace 's eye never leave Tom . dissolve to : ext . double divide - day Tom , off in the distance -- against a sky that seem to be touch the land -- be riding along a creek . closer up , we see he 's rustling the bush with a stick . some stray cow run out of the bush . Tom race after they . his horse shepherd the cow across the creek and up a hillside . at the top of the hill , with the ranch spread out endlessly before he , Tom see Frank on he horse , chase stray . Tom whistle . Frank wave back . in the near distance , a pickup truck be park on the range . Joe and the twins be throw food pellet out of the back of the truck . cattle come from across the range for the food . what begin as a handful of cow become dozen , then hundred -- the truck virtually disappear among they . Tom stop for a moment to look out at he ranch . Far off in the distance , he see Annie 's suburban come along the road to the ranch . he watch as Annie 's distant figure get out of the car with Grace . Annie instinctively turn and look across the land . even though there be such a distance , there 's a sense Tom and Annie be look at each other . Tom sense Joe drive Frank 's truck , slowly move off the range -- the twin in the back , the cattle follow . Tom sit on he horse atop the hill . ext . the double divide - another day pilgrim , he scar head above water , leg move in odd sycopation , swim . we discover he be in a pond , tethere to a pole ... except for the sound of he leg in the water , everything be quiet and focus on pilgrim . smokey , hold the pole , walk on the outside of the pond , lead pilgrim back and forth as he swim . Tom , crouch by the pond , silently concentrate on pilgrim ... Grace watch , off by herself ... Annie stand beside Joe . she can not help but be intrigue by the sight . she ask Joe ; annie I though horse be afraid of water ? Joe do not answer she . Grace like that . Annie , frustrated , feel she have the right to simple shout out to Tom . annie be that to get he strength back ? Tom pay she no mind -- concentrate on pilgrim . suddenly , Annie 's cell phone ring , jarring the proceedings . Tom turn to Annie . she hide she embarrassment by answer it , walk away . Tom give she a look . Grace be loving this . Tom turn back to pilgrim . after a few moment -- Tom , take the rope tether , unhook it from the pole . he start to lead pilgrim out of the water . pilgrim , fearful , fight he . he rear , splash Tom , not want to come out of the water . Grace be worried . she look to Joe and see he be concerned too , though he stand quietly . Annie hear the commotion from where she stand and finish she call to return to the pond . Tom enter the pond , waist deep in water , try to grab pilgrim 's rope . pilgrim rise up , rear at he . Joe and smokey , sense danger , come closer to the pond . Annie appear beside Grace and watch as Tom reach for the rope again . pilgrim rear again . Tom stumble backwards from he hoof . Annie gasp . Grace turn to walk away from the pond . she can not watch -- it bring back too much . but as she do , she be stop by the sight of -- Tom , righting himself , unphase , calmly walk back to pilgrim . the horse , baffle by this man 's lack of fear , let he take the rope and walk he out of the pond . Grace can not help but be impressed . Joe nod . Annie be shake . annie Mr. booker , I be not at all comfortable with you take that kind of chance ... as Tom lead pilgrim out , the horse suddenly whirl , bolt , knock Tom down ... annie oh , God ! pilgrim run off , pull the wet rope behind he . Joe run over and grab for the rope . tom no ... let he go ! Joe obey . pilgrim run past the corral and down into a hill out onto a pasture , he keep on run into the distance -- run across the pasture , not know where he be go ... Tom , arm fold across he chest , watch he run . a concerned Annie approach . annie she 's run away ! how be you go to get he back ? Tom do not respond . he walk off down the hill out onto the pasture , stop , arm fold and watch pilgrim . Annie turn when she hear smokey , who appear behind she : smokey he do not really want to run . do not know where he 's go . all this open space scare the daylight out of he . confused , pilgrim stop run and walk , in no particular direction . smokey my guess be he 's spend he life in a six - by-eight stall ... he 's forget what it 's like to be a horse ... smokey amble off and she turn back to see Tom crouching on he haunch , sit in the grass , just wait . pilgrim walk back towards the ranch , stop a distance from Tom , look at he ... Annie , need to know exactly what 's go on , cross down the hill to he . annie so what now ? should we leave ? Tom continue watch pilgrim . Annie look at he , sit there motionless and feel like a idiot . clearly she do not understand all this and clearly no one think this be the time to explain to she . annie well , we be go to go then ... without look at she , Tom just nod . Annie , awkwardly , walk back up the hill to where Grace be ... on the grassy hillside , Grace be watch the scene by herself as Joe appear , stare at she leg ... it make she uncomfortable . she turn to he with a curt , impatient tone ; grace what ? they eye meet . Joe be so guileless , Grace be take off guard when he ask in such a compassionate voice ; joe do that hurt you ? Grace try to think of a answer -- and of how to say it : grace only when I kick somebody . her gentle delivery make he smile . she smile , then : grace do not you go to school ? joe twice a month they give you a day off to work on the ranch . he tip he hat down as he look out to pilgrim with respect ; joe look at he out in the pasture -- yeah , he must have be a big , beautiful look horse . how be he to ride ? Grace be uncomfortable again . she look away , just struggle . Joe sense she 's do talk ; joe Excuse I . I get chore to look after . he tip he hat and walk off , pass Annie as she arrive . annie you ready to go ? Grace hesitates . then mother and daughter take one more look -- Pov -- pilgrim stand in the pasture with Tom crouching in the grass wait for he . dissolve to : ext . pasture - later that day Tom be still sit in the grass , just where we leave he -- wait patiently . pilgrim be still out in the pasture . dissolve to : ext . pasture - still later that day afternoon shadow cross the ranch . Tom be in the exact same spot and position . pilgrim be somewhat closer -- but still at a distance -- watch he . Frank ride back from work . as he pass Tom , the two nod as if nothing usually be go on . Frank ride up to the barn . int . peterson' motel - Grace be flick the television -- repeat the only three channel over and over ... Annie work at she computer , surround by work . she notice the time , get a think and dial the phone ... annie hello , Mr. booker ... oh , hello , Frank . this be Annie maclean ... I be wonder , have -... ( listen ) uh-huh ... and pilgrim ?... ( listen ) still ?... uh-huh ... ( politely cheery ) okay then . thank you . she hang up , pause , then speak to the window out loud enough for Grace to hear -- annie he 's still sit in that damn field . grace ( with of look at she ) I think they call it a pasture . Annie look at she as if to say the last thing I need to know be a lesson on the local lingo ... annie let 's go see what 's go on , then get something to eat . ext . double divide ranch - dusk the sky be change color , the temperature have drop . Tom be still sit in the grass , although someone have bring he a blanket for he shoulder . pilgrim be in the pasture , but now -- he too be motionless , look back at Tom . the sound of a car make Tom turn to see Annie drive up . she get out , stand by the car with a proprietary air , watch Tom and pilgrim . Grace remain in the car . there 's a sound . she turn to see Diane come out of the house ... diane there 's coffee inside ... I be just bring this to Tom . annie would you mind if I do ? I would like to talk to he . Diane , know full well Tom be not in a talk mood , hand she a cup ... diane sure. ( see Grace in car ) do you daughter want to come inside ? annie uh , no , we be go to dinner ... be this the way to the pasture ? diane pasture ? oh , that stretch of field near the hill ? yeah . she 's go . Annie grimace , then cross the hillside to where Tom be squatting down . she appear to he side and , without speak , try to indicate she have he coffee by lean it toward he . Tom see she and accept it with a grateful nod . Annie wait . nothing happen . feeling foolish , she begin to walk back . at some point , she turn to see pilgrim move across the pasture toward Tom . he stop in front of he , just a few foot away . Tom say something to he . Annie be intrigue -- and she know enough to stay quiet now . she watch pilgrim walk over to he . she watch as Tom get up and pat pilgrim 's scar head . in spite of herself , Annie be somewhat move by this act . only we see Grace , peer out from the car , see this act of communion as well . only we see she reaction to it . as Tom turn and walk back to the ranch , pilgrim follow he . as he pass Annie , all he say be ... tom from now on , leave you phone somewhere else ... as he move past she , Annie respond ; annie but I have business call I have to -- Tom keep head for the barn as he suggest , without turn back ; tom then drop off Grace in the morning , go on back and do you business . come pick she up around dinner . stand there , Annie have the impulse to respond to this suggestion , but have no idea what to say and say it would not make much sense since Tom be already out of ear shot . Diane appear from the house and call out : diane Mrs. maclean -- why do not you and daughter stay for dinner ? annie oh uh , thank you . no , we do not want to impose . diane no imposition . plenty of food . gonna get pretty dark soon . hard to find a place . Annie look up to the alien sky and realize she 's right . she look to Grace , who do not seem to oppose the idea . int . ranch house / kitchen - night everyone sit around the kitchen table . Joe , still wear he hat , eye Annie and Grace with acute curiosity . diane Joe , take off the hat -- I be not go to say it again . Joe obey . Diane put the last of the serve plate on the table -- pork chop , potato , gravy , peas , bread ... and a big bowl of mix salad . the boy can not help eyeing how the " vegetarian " will act . Annie and Grace eye the food . Annie reach out for a serve ladle , pick up Grace 's plate to serve she as Grace reach for a piece of bread , when : frank dear Lord , we be humbly thankful for ... Annie and Grace freeze as Frank continue he prayer -- they notice everyone 's head bow slightly . frank ( continue ) this gift . for the blessing on we home , we family and we guest . bless that that be not as fortunate . bless all God 's creature . everyone amen . everyone begin eat . Annie and Grace breath a sigh of relief . silence . utensil hit plate , the only sound . frank Bank out we a couple more man to run the cattle . tom we should be fine , then . beat . Annie and Grace listen ... joe teacher ask I why we raise Black angus -herefords ' stead of pure herefords . frank tell she they suit the weather better . they udder be black , ' stead of pink . tom they do not get burn by the sun bounce off the snow . and they be good mother . frank we daddy raise pure herefords . silence ... eat ... Annie try she hand at conversation : annie you know , that 's interesting . I always wonder when I go into a restaurant what be the difference between a regular steak or a Black angus steak . I could not taste any difference although I could swear one be more tender . I do not know there be that big a difference between cow ... ( silence ) I have never be on a cow farm before . I must say , the bull seem to have the best time of it . just lay around the field all day until they be ask to ... ( uncomfortable ) do they ... work . frank well , get bear a bull , get a ninety percent chance of get castrate and serve up as hamburger . on a balance I reckon I would choose be a cow . ( to Grace ) would you mind pass that salad young lady ? diane how 's Peterson 's hold up for you ? annie ( lie ) it 's fine . comfortable . I still can not get use to how dark it get around here , though . when we leave the ranch , I always hold my breath until I can see the motel . frank ( innocently ) you know , Tom , while you be work on that horse of theirs , Annie and Grace should move into the old Creek house . Diane and Tom react accordingly ; Diane hide she annoyance , Tom hide he surprise and pleasure . frank nobody 's use it . silly for she to be drive back and forth when she do not know she way around that well ... annie oh , I do not know ... frank well , I know Peterson 's . Old place be as good as fall down around you ear . diane ( overlap ) they be already all settle in , Frank . anyway , I be sure Annie want she privacy . frank it 's get door , Diane . private as can be . Tom ? tom I do not have a problem with that . it 's up to Annie . annie well , it 's worth it , really ? I mean , how much longer do you think you need to work with pilgrim ? tom that 's up to pilgrim . everyone wait on Annie 's answer as she consider this . int . motel room - night Grace be on the phone with Robert . Annie be pack thing up . Grace be tell he about the day ; grace ( listen ) I know . I , too . why do not you come one weekend ? Annie react to this . grace we will have more room because we be move onto the ranch . they have this empty house near this creek . it 's actually pretty ... ok ... I love you . ( to Annie ) dad want to talk to you . annie ( take the phone ) hi. intercut int . central park west apartment - night Robert be burn the midnight oil in the study with file all around he . ROBERT hey ... she sound like she 's do all right . how be she ? Grace exit into the bathroom . Annie talk softly ; annie ( cautious ) yeah . she seem to be get more comfortable on the ranch , which be why I say yes to this move . but , whenever it 's just the two of we , I do not know ... anyway ... what 's happen with the delco lawsuit ? ROBERT take forever . I just get a additional list of sixty - two employee to interview before Monday . I do not know how I be go to do it . annie well , it 's good that you be there . Robert do not mean to validate he separation from they . ROBERT so , how be you do in marlboro country ? be the magazine complain at all ? annie yeah , but nothing I can not handle . Lucy tell I she think gottchalk 's plotting , but what else be new . ROBERT when be you come home ? annie you know , I just ask that myself tonight . he do not know . ROBERT well then ... maybe I will take some time ... come visit . annie okay . beat . Annie know Robert need a invitation from she . but she can not do it . Robert try again . ROBERT I miss you , Annie . annie I know . we miss you too . ROBERT good night . annie night . awkwardly , they hang up . Grace exit the bathroom . grace do you ask he to come visit ? annie you already do . grace do he mention it ? annie ( resume pack ) yeah , he 's go to think about it . you want I to pack for you ? Grace look at she disapprovingly as she pass to go to the bathroom . Annie register this . int . ranch house - late day Diane be wash window while listen to a audio book on she tape player . through the window , she see : Joe and the twin help Annie and Grace move into the Creek House . Diane have conflict feeling about this . she continue she work . int . creek house - late day various shot of annie connecting herself back to the rest of the world , by plugging in her computer , fax , etc ... Grace be in the other room , as she be in the motel . alone . with no television , she be just listen to she music lay on the couch . the two woman remain separate no matter where they be . but we see a small difference . Grace rise and walk to the window . she look out ; Pov : she see people work about the ranch . maybe Joe be among they -- riding he horse as he work . or maybe it 's just a vision of people with task to complete -- who do so with pride , discipline and clarity . Grace look out the window longingly . ext . the ranch - another day a cloud of dust . a dozen or so horse be run in a arena by the stable . Tom be riding among they , hold a long stick with a orange flag at the end of it , wave it at the young horse , make they run away from he . the colt stay close together . one of the horse , pilgrim , stay at a distance , off to himself . Grace watch from along the railing . she alternate she attention from the horse ... to Tom . tom what we be do here , Grace , be try to get he to learn how to be a horse again . he crack the flag , the horse move together ... tom the other already know , see . that 's how they be in the wild -- herd animal ... ( crack the flag ) ... when they have get a problem , like they have now with I and this flag , they look to each other . but old pilgrim there have forget . I be the rock and they be the hard place . he think he have not get a friend in the whole wild world ... c.u. on grace , who clearly feel the same way ... but want desperately not to . she watch he ride off towards pilgrim who have stop like all the other at the far end of the ring . he stand by himself , toss he head , snort , not want to be around other horse . Tom crack the flag , keep they move . pilgrim do he own private dance . Tom ride by Grace and hand she the stick ; tom hold this for a minute ... Grace stiffen . she do not want to , but she 's afraid to say " no " to Tom . he just insist by toss it to she ... tom hold onto it , go on ... she 's force to catch it . he turn and ride away , chase down pilgrim , try to edge he toward the herd . for a moment , he have he break to the leave with the horse . but as soon as he 's clear of Tom , he separate himself and come to stop on he own . Tom ride back to Grace , take back the flag . tom we will get there , Grace . as he say this , he flash a small , reassure smile and a little wink . Grace melt just a little . as he ride away . Annie appear , have come from the Creek House . she call : annie Grace ? the clinic just call ... they have to change you physical therapy appointment . we have to leave now . Grace frown a little -- she mother 's " perfect timing . " Annie approach the arena , watch Tom riding . as he pass she ; tom hello , Annie ... Annie notice how he say she name . annie Mr. booker ... he flash a smile in she direction and Annie 's expression comically match she daughter 's reaction . she quickly cover it , however . her eye follow he as he glide around the arena . it 's like watch a great ballet -- he control of the horse , he effortlessness , he grace , he strength ... she smile to herself in appreciation . then catch herself : annie ( to Grace ) you get everything you need ? grace if I have everything I need , I would not be go to physical therapy . Tom approach as he overhear Grace respond ; annie ( try to cheer she ) honey , come on . would you like to stay in town for dinner ? maybe see what movie 's play tonight ? grace why ? there 's no food in the house ? annie no . I just think ... forget it . he 's get a clearer view of they relationship . tom you know , we be brand here tomorrow . if you two want to come by to watch or give a hand , you be welcome . annie ( laugh ) brand ? ( sarcastic ) I have not brand in year . Tom chuckle . grace I will come . annie uh , I do not , honey . brand ? oooh ... I think we would just be in Mr. booker 's way . tom as long as you do not get in the way of the brand iron , it do not matter too much . Annie smile . she turn to Grace , questioningly . Grace say matter - of -factly , to prove she point . grace I watch margo neuberger get a tattoo . Tom squint . Annie shrug and nod . annie okay . as Grace and Annie walk to the car , Tom say : tom hey , Grace -- maybe we can get you mom to put I and you brand on the cover of she magazine . start a whole new fashion craze . they continue walk as Grace smile , enjoy be single out for he joke . Annie respond , almost flirtatiously . annie try not to fall off you high horse , Mr. booker . Tom tip he hat and ride away ... Annie smile and nod ... Grace do not like they sudden familiarity . or she mother 's coy manner . as they enter the suburban , Grace ask point blank ; grace do you call dad today ? Annie be catch off guard . Tom , riding in the arena , catch himself look after they ... then go riding after pilgrim . ext . double divide - day the air smell of scorched flesh . there be nothing but noise . calve , separate from they mother , " cry . " they be move out through a series of connect pen into a narrow chute , and then one by one into a hold pen . they be clamp and lower sideways onto a table and give a shot , a yellow insect tag in one ear , brand , then send back to they mother 's . the bull , in a pen by themselves , stand haughty , pay no attention . Frank help " doctor " the calve . Joe brand . Annie and Grace be stand by the railing , watch with a mixture of fascination and disgust . Tom move in the feeder pen , waist deep in calve , move they through the chute . he look to Annie . tom hey , over there , you want to make yourself useful ? it be not a question . tom hank , I get you a volunteer ! Annie and Grace realize they have no choice . -- what follows be a sequence of scene showing annie and grace participating in the branding . and how they gradually come to lose themselves in the experience . sequence will include : -- hank , a ranch head , helping annie into the chute ... annie getting kicked by a calf . -- grace be shown how to hold the branding iron . -- hank teaching annie how to say " hyah !! " ... -- tom in the holding pen with he arm around grace , showing her how to apply the brand ... grace , a little frightened of the brand , be in heaven in tom' arm ... -- annie be still try to say " hyah " !! with the proper force . she clap her hand , pushing the calve along , knee deep in cow shit . -- grace close her eye and the iron touch the calf hide . tom that 's good ... firm but gentle ... ( Grace open she eye ) it hurt but he will get over it . Grace smile proudly . tom you handle that pretty well . think it 's time you earn you keep around here . so , when we be not work and when you do not have you therapy , I would like you to help out with the horse ... rubbing they , clean up the stall ... you think you can handle that ? Grace know he well enough to know ; grace that 's not a question , be it ? tom you be catch on . Grace smile . -- Annie turn and , not look where she 's do , trip over a calf , fall down . and calve , come down the chute , start to run towards she . suddenly , Tom grab she by the leg and pull she to safety . he help she up and dust she off . tom ( not want to smile , but ... ) you okay ? annie it be cocktail hour yet ? Tom laugh . she take a big breath . ext . the ranch - late afternoon the ranch be color in amber light . near the house , two long table push together to make one long one ... a gentle breeze ruffle the tablecloth . everyone be seat for a meal . we hear laughter and conversation ... we parachute into the middle of the moment ; -- hank help with he wife get to they three child to sit still for dinner ... -- Diane organize the woman and they various plate of side dish ... -- the ranch Hand pile up they plate and kid each other ... -- Joe be instruct Grace on the various sauce for the rib . the twin be make fun of he behind he back . -- Tom and smokey be barbecue , the last one to sit . -- Frank assist he frail mother , ellen booker , at the table , fill she plate with all the thing she can not reach for . dissolve to : the face be beautiful . laugh . eat . everyone be tan and exhaust after a long day , but fill with life and eager to live it . the table be cover with heavy food . the communion at this table be as much a part of the ritual as the brand itself ... Annie and Grace look different to we . tanned from the sun , they body sore -- they feel soften , yet more vital . as if the artifice have be wear off ... the armor of urban life . as the table thrive with conversation , we focus on : Annie and ellen booker . Annie look calmer than we have see she -- and more naturally beautiful . she be seat beside ellen booker . we sense they have be talk for a while . Annie be so sincerely interested in listen to she , she 's hardly touch she own plate ... ellen booker ... he be a blacksmith by trade , my father . my grandson Joe be name for he . but he always dream of have he own place and raise horse ... we see Tom a few place down and across from Annie and he mother -- but fully aware of they conversation . ellen booker he would hear of some land . what 's stockett now . rode out there . get off he horse and walk about as far as he could in one way . then he walk as far as he could another way and another until he get back to where he start and that 's where he put he root down ... that 's where my husband and I ranch and raise Frank and Tommy ... she motion proudly to Tom who look up . Annie smile to he . he look to she with gratitude for the respect she 's show he mother . ellen booker quite a different life from what you know , I expect . which place to you call home ? annie well , I be bear in London , but my father be a ambassador and we move constantly . I have live in a lot of place but I do not really know what I would call home . Tom listen to this . ellen booker a ambassador ! my ! that 's very important . annie he be a wonderful man . she look to Tom and he can sense a sadness around this in she eye . diane ( to Grace ) I sure hope you be gonna eat more than that , young lady . you be a grow girl . grace I have never eat this much in my life . diane probably never work so hard , neither . that arm of yours be gonna be pretty sore tomorrow . I will give you a little bit of ointment I make . it 's a magic recipe my mama give I . frank we use to call Diane 's mother Medicine woman . none of we never go to the doctor when she be alive . Annie and Grace listen in ... hank too bad she be not here for old Henry vanoker ... frank not much would have help he . diane I never get that whole story , what happen ? hank Old Henry be change a flat tire on he truck over on 118 when that ... ( laugh ) ... two -hundre - year-old jack he have give way and the side of that truck come slamm down on that rock he call head ... there 's laughter -- everyone know Old Henry . except : annie what happen ? hank knocked he out for a while . he wake up , finish put on the tire and drive himself to the hospital . diane Old fool ... darling , pass down that peas for I , thank you . Annie and Grace do not know how to respond ... but everyone else take it they stride as they continue eat ... Grace notice Joe be whisper something to Frank , who nod he head and speak to the table . frank huh , Joe here have something to say . Joe stand , somewhat formally , with he hat on . joe I write this for you grandma ... Mrs. booker , and Diane , beam . Annie and Grace do not know what to expect . Joe stand straight as a arrow and recite a poem from memory ... at first , Annie and Grace appear to be embarrassed for the boy but soon they can not help but be win over by he guilessness . he finish and everyone applaud . hank 's wife ask : hank's wife that be lovely . who write that , Joe ? joe I write it myself , mar 'am . frank now son , you tell them when it come from . joe be honest , I can not say I do it all myself . my grandma help I get the word right . oooo 's and aah 's and smile and conversation erupting over each other . only we see , Grace look over to Joe who give she kickass , shy grin ... tom ( raise he beer ) well , I would like to welcome Annie and Grace to they first brand ... frank and next time , miss Annie , you can run down the calve ... annie I will drink to that ... everyone toast and drink . Annie and Tom exchange a look . she smile , but not in a allure way -- rather , in a grateful way . grateful for this brief moment of community and good feel . and somehow , Tom know what she 's feel . no one notice this silent exchange -- except for Diane , who see everything that 's go on . int . ranch house , dine room - nightfall the woman be bring in dish and plate and food from the table through the house and into the kitchen . Annie be among they , feel apart of the group . she enter carry a large bowl , that hold the corn . Diane be replace newly - clean fork and knife in she dining room drawer , above which be several family picture . annie ( refer to clean bowl ) where do this go , Diane ? diane oh , you can just set up on the dining table . I have to rearrange my shelf tomorrow . Annie comply . she notice the frame picture on the wall in the dining room . annie be this Mr. booker ? Tom 's grandfather ? Diane look at a fade photo circa late 1800' . diane mm-mm . I never know he . he die before Frank and I meet . this here 's ... ( another photo ) Frank and Tom 's mother and father ... there 's little Frank and Tom ... annie she call he Tommy ... diane always do . I think she favore he a little . you tend to when you have more than one , even though you love them all the same . she study the old face of Tom 's Parents -- although 20th century people , there be still a pioneer strength in they visage ... a stoicism and power . diane ( put away fork ) ha , she love tell this story about how when he be two year old , he run off . they find he in the barn , sleep between two giant hoof of a percheron stallion . she say that horse be protect he and nobody could convince she otherwise . annie I get a little confuse though . the ranch ellen be talk about -- that 's not this one ? Diane be sorting silverware throughout the follow : diane no. see , Frank and Tom be raise near the Clark 's fork River , right between the pryor and beartooth Mountains . beautiful piece of land . but they have this uncle ned -- useless man , never interested in ranching . and when the grandparent die , he leave for the city and send word through lawyer he want he claim to the land so he could sell it . Three year of legation break they father . Frank take it all in stride , but Tom ... Tom love that land . I do not think he ever get over it -- his home be sell out from under he . see he father like that . once he and Frank get they folk set up in a new place , Tom leave ... go off . we do not see he for year ... Annie be intrigue by what she 's learn about Tom . something outside the window catch she eye . she watch : Pov ; Tom and Frank , on either side to ellen , be escort she to a car that will drive she home . ext . ranch house - night Annie wander out , pass Grace and Joe on she way out . the two be sit in a glider . as Annie exit o.c. , we hear they ; grace why do you always wear that hat ? joe because it fit my head . you want to try it on ? Grace do not know if she should . Annie continue towards Tom who 's sit in a rocker play with the twin . twins show we again ! come on ! one more time ! it 's my turn now ! tom all right , al right . hold out you finger . Annie take a seat nearby and watch as Tom hold out the first finger of he right hand . the twin hold out he . Tom split he focus between Annie and the twin as he take a small piece of rope out of he back pocket . he tie the end together make a loop . he put the loop over the twin 's finger . and hold the other end of the loop taut with he leave hand , he draw one side of the cord over the other with the middle finger of he right hand . then he roll he hand over so it 's under the loop , and back over it again , so that he finger be tip to tip with the twin' . the loop seemingly knotted around they touch fingertip , and can only be remove if they touch be break . tom the loop 's knotted , right . ( twin nod ) look like the only way to take it off , be if we break we touch ... ( they nod ) watch now ... Annie and the twin look down at the touch finger as Tom gently pull the rope away , revealing they be still knotted , and without even break they touch ... twins again ! again . one more time ! tom oh , no . no , no . I only fall for that once . go inside now before you mother start hunt you down . go on . the twin exit . Annie and Tom make eye contact . tom ( smile , relax back ) so how be you first and last day of brand ? annie do not be so sure it 's my last . there be a few people back home I would like to put under a red hot iron . Tom look at she with a sly expression , and notice she 's shiver . tom you get too much sun today ... here ... he take he jacket and put it around she shoulder . annie thank you . he sit back down . Annie cross she arm over she chest , look around , unconsciously swinging she foot . Tom watch she leg . Annie notice he watch ; annie what ? tom you ever just stand still for a minute ? annie you stand still too long in New York you get hit by a bicycle messenger . ( smile wryly ) you know , sometimes , I get the feel , Mr. booker , that you be laugh at I . why be that ? Tom shrug . Annie wait a beat , then : annie that 's you cue to say you be not laugh at I . tom oh , I see , you write both side of the conversation ? annie it 's a man 's world , Mr. booker . most woman have to . tom well , maybe I be laugh a bit ... I just think , as long as you be here , it would be nice for you to relax into the place a little . annie ( understanding ) well ... it 's beautiful country , I will give you that . and I could see have some kind of vacation place . retreat . but I do not know how you do it full time . do not you miss the rest of the world ? tom what 's that to miss ? annie ha ... if you have never live in a city with museum , theater , music , restaurant , uh ... god , a million thing , then it 's something I can not explain . tom ( think , teasing a bit ) do Chicago count ? annie ( surprised ) you live in Chicago ? tom when I be first marry . annie ( stunne ) you be marry to a woman in Chicago ? Tom like disturbing she picture of he as the predictable cowboy . he smile ; tom I once hear itzhak perlman guest star with the Chicago symphony orchestra . he play rachmaninov 's vocalize Opus 34 . no. 14 . it be one of the most beautiful piece of music I ever hear . I actually forget where I be for a time . ( Annie be floor ) you seem surprised ? annie ( not want to insult ) well , I , uh ... you do not ... tom just who 's be laugh at who here ? Tom say this with a wry smile . Annie return with a smile -- as a understanding be reach between they : they have both stereotype the other . they be both pleased -- and attract -- by what they do not know . int . creek house - night Grace be fast asleep , exhaust . she do not stir when the phone ring . Annie pick up from she own bed , awaken , still dress in she brand clothes , have just pass out on the bed . annie hello ? int . central park went apartment - night intercut : Robert , alone , in the vast apartment . ROBERT I think you guy be go to call I . annie oh , Robert , I be sorry . we be so tired from the brand . Grace barely make it to she bed and I do not have the energy to take my clothes off . ROBERT oh well ... brand will do that to you . annie everything all right . ROBERT huh-huh . you ? annie Fine . actually , today be a good day . you should have see she . ROBERT I wish I do . the sound of self - pity be so obvious for both of they , so Robert quickly re-groups , resorting to something he know be important to she ; ROBERT well , uh the real reason I call , actually , be to tell you I see Lucy at jo - jo 's tonight and she seem very worried . annie about what ? ROBERT apparently , gottschalk 's be see around town lunching with some very prominent magazine editor . Lucy say she try to call you , but no one answer so she fax you the list of name . she say one of they have contract up fairly soon . annie oh . I do not look at my fax today . we leave before sunrise . ROBERT honey , I hope you be not endangering you position . listen , if you need to come back and you want I to come take over , for a while , I will work it out . I mean , the firm 's get other lawyer , but the magazine 's get only one of you . after a day of hard work and simple pleasure , Annie begin to succumb to old anxiety and pressure . int . creek house - night Annie be awake read the fax Lucy send . one after other . as she flip through they , one fall to the floor near the bed . she get down on all four to retrieve and see something under the bed . a old , batter cello case . she pull it out to find the initial r.b. carve on the top . she open it to find papers , receipt , bill -- all from Tom 's marry life . ext . the double divide - early morning Tom ride a young colt along the creek . he hear footstep . he turn and see Annie run along the creek on the other side . he stop to watch . when he horse snort , Annie look up to see he . she stop . he tip he hat to she . annie I have decide it 's impossible to properly say hello in this place without a hat . tom a jogger , huh ? annie I do not jog , Mr. booker . I run . tom lucky for you . the grizzly around here only go for jogger . annie if I can survive rush hour , I figure I can handle grizzly ... tom ( smile ) you sleep all right in that house ? annie I do not sleep all right anywhere . but the house be fine . Tom walk he horse across the creek to she , comfortable in the silence . Annie move about , uncomfortable in the wait . annie who 's r.b.? Tom be find Annie 's blunt curiosity more endear . annie I find this old cello case fill with bill and receipt . tom sorry about that . I think everything get clear out . r.b. be my wife ... ex - wife ... Rachel . we use to live in that house together . annie I think you live in Chicago ? tom I think you be a editor , not a reporter ? Annie smile and nod , realize she 's ask too many question . she try to casually reach out to touch the horse 's head , but it 's too abrupt and the horse toss he head away , take a couple of step back . Annie be embarrassed . annie I have a way with animal . tom it 's all right . he 's young . just hold out you hand a little lower so he can get the smell of you . annie oh yes . I forget . she do and the horse sniff at she hand . annie he 's beautiful . tom why do not you ride anymore ? Grace tell I you use to ride when she be young . annie she do ? Annie be somewhat move by she daughter tell he that . annie I do not know , really . no time mostly . a cold wind blow . she fold she arm across she breast . annie I think it be suppose to be spring . Tom can not help but notice she nipple be hard from the cold . he look away . she laugh . annie be you shy , Mr. booker ? tom just polite . well , maybe you would like to try riding again , some time before you go home . Annie be strike by the word " before you go home . " Tom amble off on he horse . tom enjoy the day . annie you too . Annie step across the rock at the ford , crossing the creek . her foot slip , one of she shoe go into the water . annie shit . tom need a lift ? annie I can handle it ! she cross the creek . she turn , give he a small wave . he touch he hat . she run off . Tom watch she go , head down , concentrate ... int . creek house - day a tense Annie be have a difficult phone with david gottschalk ; annie ... David , we have be behind a day or two before . but Lucy just fedex I all the material and it will be approve by the end of the day . david gottschall ( v.o . ) if nothing go wrong . if the fax do not go down . if the phone line be open . I can not have this magazine hit the street by the skin of its ass , Annie . during David 's line , Diane have enter , carry fresh towel -- she cross into the bathroom . annie oh , come on ! this be such bullshit ! the work be get do , David . lucky keep I on top of everything . david gottschalk ( v.o. ) Lucy be not you . we be lose something without you be here . now , I know this be a rough time for you , but I think we should make another arrangement . without Annie 's awareness , Diane re-enter and take she time leave , so she can take in all of Annie 's thing ; she business " office , " book , etc ... annie what the hell do that mean ? how much more do I have to do to prove how important this magazine be to I ? david gottschalk ( v.o . ) if this magazine be so important to you Annie , why be you in Montana ? Diane can not help but notice a slight vulnerability in Annie . david gottschalk ( v.o. ) look , this be what we be go to do . finish up this issue . I will set up a conference call in a few week . just you , I and you lawyer and we will just work this out so that everyone will be take care of . Fair enough ? Annie be now aware of Diane 's presence and choose to play it cool . it 's not the moment . annie uh , yes ... sure , David . david gottschalk ( v.o. ) all right . speak to you then . he hang up . Annie force a smile to Diane . annie thank you . you be all do too much . diane oh , it 's ... I want to tell you that , if you would like , you be so busy , I could take Grace to she therapy exercise for you . I have to go in once a week for shopping anyway . Annie do not know whether or not to accept . annie oh ... well ... thank you very much . I do not -- before she finish she line , the phone ring again . annie sorry . ( to phone ) hello ? hi , yeah , I just speak to he . oh , you know David , Mr. strong Arm ... Diane feel out of place and exit . Annie do not notice until she hear the door close . she push back she hair and take a deep breath . she look out through the side window and see : Grace and Joe do chore . Grace look involved and not at all self - conscious . a moment of gratitude and calm for Annie . ext . the double divide - day pilgrim burst out of a chute and into the riding arena . he run to the far end and abruptly stop . Tom be hold the orange flagstick , and coiled rope , come through a gate into the arena , crossing to the middle of the ring . something in he demeanor tell we that fun and game be over . pilgrim and Tom stand there , motionless , eyeing each other . pilgrim snort and take a few , small step backward . Tom take a beat , then start slowly towards pilgrim , lift the flag and " crack " it . at the sound , pilgrim whirl away from he and run , around the arena . he start to slow , look at tom. again , Tom crack the flag and pilgrim run , round and round the arena ... like a ringmaster , Tom keep pilgrim move , crack the flag . something about Tom 's demeanor tell we it be not go well . ext . the ranch - day Tom , carry a saddle , come around the side of the barn . through the slat , he see Grace work in the barn , water a horse . she have stop and be look through the crack of pilgrim 's stall at he . she turn and see Tom through the slat . she go back to work as Tom come to the barn door . tom come and take a ride with I . ext . the ranch - day they walk towards he pick - up truck . tom can you drive ? grace drive ? I be not old enough yet . tom it 's never too soon to start . he enter the passenger side . grace I can not ... tom I do not have all day . she hesitates and get into the truck . int . pick - up truck - day Grace do not know what to do . tom put the key in and turn it . ( Grace obey ) the right pedal be gas , the other one 's the brake . grace I do not know if I can with my leg . tom well , there 's only one way to find out . ( put truck in gear ) give it a little gas . she awkwardly put she prosthetic foot on the gas pedal . too much . it lurch forward . she take she foot off . tom well , we know you can . now you just get to feel how much . try it again . she do . they slowly , very slowly , move along the dirt road . tom Nice , real nice . there 's a little road down at the end here , turn onto it . Grace badly oversteer , but make the turn . she drive along the road , across a pasture , head toward distant mountain . tom just follow this . nothing to it . I be go to shut my eye here for a little while . just keep go till you run out of road . grace ( afraid ) I do not know if I can . tom not a question of if you can -- you be . just keep you eye on the road and you foot on the pedal and the rest will take care of yourself . fold he arm over he chest , shutting he eye , Tom relax back . Grace lock she hand on the steering wheel and she eye straight ahead ... ext . double divide - day the truck be park at the foot of a mountain . Grace , very pleased with herself , sit beside Tom on the cab 's roof , look around they at the great Montana . after a beat ; tom where do you get pilgrim from ? grace we buy he in kentucky . my mother and I take a trip down there to see he . tom that must have be pretty special . Grace nod . it be a pleasant memory . he motion for she to be quiet . a old elk with a prodigious rack of antler , have come down out of the mountain . see they , he stop in he track , dead still . they watch each other . then the elk turn and run back up into the mountain . Tom smile at Grace who smile back -- partly because of the elk , partly because she 's alone with Tom . grace be you afraid of anything ? tom ( think ) get old . not be of much use , I guess . ( beat ) what go on out there , Grace ? with pilgrim ? Grace do not say anything . Tom nod then ; tom you see , Grace , I have get a problem . when I be work with a horse , I like to know its history . now , most time , the horse can tell you pretty much the whole story , but sometimes he can be so mess up in he head that you need more to go on . you need to know exactly what go wrong . often time , it 's the obvious thing , but something that go wrong just before that , maybe even some little thing ... Grace be quiet . she do not want to think about that . tom it 's like if I be drive and run into a tree . when somebody ask I , " well , what happen ? " , I do not say , " well , I plow into a tree . " I would say , " the sun be in my eye . " or " I skidd . " or " I take my mind off the road for a second . " see what I mean ? ( Grace nod ) I do not know how you feel about talk about it and I can understand you might not want to . but if I be go to figure out what 's go on in he head , it would sure help if I know exactly what happen that day . Grace look away . Tom smile and gently put he arm around she shoulder , which have a soothing effect on Grace -- make she feel safe ... tom not today -- whenever you feel like it . I leave it up to you . Grace look into Tom 's eye , want so much to unburden herself to he and have he make everything all right . she nod . ext . ranch house - late at night Tom be make he way to the house at the end of the day , when he stop and look over to the Creek house -- Pov -- the light be on . and he can see Annie , exhaust ... approve page , talk on the phone and fax all simultaneously . he get a idea . ext . creek house - morning Annie sit on the porch of the creek house , with a guilt over herself , sip coffee and deep in think . she look up to see : Tom riding towards the house on he horse , lead another horse behind he . he look to she and smile . annie ( murmur ) oh -oh . Tom reach the house as Annie rise . annie the answer 's no . tom you have not hear the question yet . Truth be , you would be do I a favor . I get all this eager young colt need riding and poor old rimrock here be feel kind of leave out ... annie poor thing . tom he would be grateful , he would take real good care with you . annie be this how you be go to make I pay my phone bill ? tom no , mar 'am , I be afraid that 's extra . she give he a crooked smile . ext . the ranch , pasture - day Annie , in Levis and a jacket , ride rimrock beside Tom across the pasture . we overhear they in the midst of talk . tom relax we center ... it 's just sit in a bucket . annie yeah , it 's be a while , but I ... I remember the basic idea ... tom ok . I will stop talk then . he ride a few step ahead as Annie realize she do not remember . she just go into automatic " I do not have to be tell anything " mode . annie actually , I never ride western . I be sorry . go ahead . tom well , he do not know that . just sit the horse . ( watch she ride ) good ... you have a nice seat . annie thanks . tom feel good ? annie yeah . tom you look all right . you want to pick it up a little ? annie ok . Tom urge he horse into a center . Annie canter alongside . tom watch you rein , he will go with you , give he some room , let he do the work . relax , do not grab he with you thigh , just so long as he can feel you body . Annie respond to every suggestion without resistance . and she experience this sense of pleasure -- this great animal beneath she , the physicality and the surrender of let someone else lead ... tom you want to let it go some more ? she begin to let herself go , lose herself in the experience . she just nod ... Tom break into a full gallop ... Annie follow suit ... she let everything go -- she job , she marriage , motherhood , guilt , anxiety ... all of it . her only focus be the horse beneath she , and the man on the horse lead she ... dissolve to : ext . double divide - day they ride along the creek , crossing at a ford . they ride up towards the mountain . lap dissolve to : ext . the mountain - day they ride through a narrow pass with sheer rock wall , riding by a waterfall ... lap dissolve to : they ride across a meadow , cattle step lazily aside to let they pass . and as they ride alongside each other , appreciate the silence ... lap dissolve to : they ride up along a sloping ridge cover with pine tree . they come to the rim of a high bluff . they stop . they look out at the twin valley that give the ranch its name . and they can just see the old creek house hide in the shade of some tree along the creek ... Tom look over at Annie , who be look out over this beautiful vista . annie it 's a whole other world you have go on here . it just go along , do what it have to . and you be a part of it , you just wake up and , and there you be ... and everything that seem like life or death some place else -- do not affect any of this one bit . Tom be impressed by she feeling . he see she saddle cinch need fix and get off he horse . tom lift you leg . Annie comply once she realize what he 's do . annie how long do you live here with you wife ? tom five year . my son be bear here . annie ( open she eye ) Son ? tom yeah . I have not see he in a while . he use to come to the ranch over summer , but then he start have friend and be go off to college , so ... good boy . hal. live in New York near he mom . annie how do you meet she ? tom College . in Illinois . she be play the cello . I have not hear cello music grow up . she have the reddest hair , the bluest eye . when she play , it be ... Tom can not find a beautiful enough word . but Annie understand . tom she be the most beautiful thing I would ever see . Annie see Tom as if with new eye -- he love for this woman he lose . annie why do not it work out ? tom she be never really happy here . she do the best she could . Annie look at he and for the first time sense a kinship -- a understanding they both have of be tear between two world ... a desire for home ... tom Grace tell I you have a country house in Connecticut . sound like a beautiful place . annie it be . it 's lovely . tom ever think of move there full time ? annie we do at one point . when we think we would have more child . and we after try . we try everything , but ... be not mean to be . there be a awkward silent beat for a moment . Annie be momentarily self - conscious . Tom help by speak of himself ; tom I hear that ! see , I know she be never go to be a ranchest , but I want to try -- I think maybe she would give music lesson to the kid in town or at the school , maybe even recital . my son would grow up here . maybe have one or two more . I would teach them what I could . they would play with my brother 's kid . all grow up together . and even if they all decide to go out into the world , they would always know where home be -- cause we would keep it for them ... annie that 's very important to you , be not it ? Home . tom yeah , I think it be . and I do not mean everybody 's get to be marry , have kid -- it 's more like , know where you be from , where you belong , what feed you , where you can go no matter what happen ... know what you be suppose to be do while you be here . annie how do you find out all that ? Tom look right into she eye and confess without a shred of self - consciousness . tom I get lose . they smile . ext . creek house - night the world be in silhouette . off in the distance , we see Tom stand by he horse , offer he hand to Annie , help she off . there 's a awkward moment , neither of they want the day , or the moment , to end . int . creek house - night Grace be stand by the window , look out at they . they movement indicate a intimacy that upset she . ext . creek house - night after a beat ; Tom get back on he colt . he take rimrock 's rein and lead he off . Annie stop for a moment , watch he ride away ... she watch she mother walk towards the house ; int . creek house - moment later Grace watch she mother stand there a moment , then turn and walk towards the house . Grace move away from the window , she emotion churn -- jealousy , anger -- and enter she bedroom , shutting the door . dissolve to : ext . the pasture - early morning Joe , hat tip low , be riding he horse , lead some young horse , exercise they in the morning pasture . he see Grace , walk with she cane , come across the pasture . joe ( shy ) hi ... she stop . after a beat ; grace would you let I ride you horse ? joe ( hesitates ) have you talk to Tom about it ? grace of course I have . joe ( beat , then : ) I do not know ... you sure Tom say it 's all right ? she nod . he hesitates . grace be you go to give I a hand or be not you ? he get off he horse and hold it . she put down she cane , then put she hand on the saddle horn . she put she prosthetic leg into a stirrup . frightened , she start to shake ; joe you sure ? angry , determine , Grace try to swing she leg onto the horse . she can not do it . tear of frustration on she face . she try again . she manage to pull herself halfway on , she prosthetic leg buckle and she fall . frightened , Joe run to she . joe you okay ? she gasp to catch she breath . he reach to help she up . she pull she hand away . embarrass , she " run " off . Joe remain still . he hear a little voice . he turn and see the twins have be watch the whole thing from a small hill . as they run off , he yell , threateningly . joe you better not say anything !!! ext . creek house - night we follow Joe run towards the creek house , fasten a good shirt . he 's dress and clean for dinner . he 's late . int . creek house - night Annie be in the midst of make a spaghetti dinner . she 's a little frazzle but she 's on top of it . Grace enter wear a lovely dress -- it be the first time we have see she in a dress . Annie hear she enter before she see she , ask ; annie honey , would you see if anybody want -- Annie notice Grace stand there , in she dress . she stop . annie you look really pretty . Grace be a little self - conscious but grateful . she begin take fork out of she dress pocket . grace I think there be too many fork on the table . annie well , one be for salad ... grace Mom , they do not mind eat with one fork . annie ( think , then ; ) you be right . good . Grace put they away . annie do anybody out there want something to drink ? grace I will take care of it . annie thanks , honey . Grace nod and exit to the live room . live room : the room be silent because every booker be reading a different copy of anniee magazine . Frank covertly glimpsis at the scantily - clad model ... the twin share a magazine , do the same thing as they father , but keep a eye out for mom ... Diane be look at pictorial expose on the kind of life she only hear about on audio tape ... Tom sit off to the side , amused by the sight . Grace enter as Joe enter . they nod across the room to each other with a little smile . grace would anyone like something to drink ? we hear a crash in the kitchen , then : annie ( o.s. ) shit ! everybody look up for a minute . the twin giggle . Diane give they a dirty look . tom I will give you mom a hand . Diane watch he enter the kitchen , then return to she magazine . int . kitchen - continuous Annie have drop a hot pot into the sink , after pour the tomato out of it , and into a terrine . tom everything under control ? annie ( laugh ) not really . I would forget how long it 's be since I have do this . and I could not get any Parmesan cheese . tom just make yourself comfortable . annie I be comfortable . tom ha , ha ... all right , well , uh I guess you can bring out the pasta . she undoe she apron and cross towards the bowl . Tom 's eye never leave she . it 's the first time he 's see she in she dress , san apron . as she lift the bowl to hand to he , she realize he 's be look at she . there 's a silent moment , then ; annie you miss a button . tom huh ? she look for it . Tom cross to she and button it , then take the bowl . annie thank you . they be quiet for a beat as they exchange a look . suddenly , Grace enter -- she clearly do not like the two of they be alone , Annie quickly cover ; annie oh , good , Grace , would you bring in the bread ... I will get the salad and then we be all set . Tom have already exite by the time Annie finish , and Grace grab the bread basket . int . creek house - later that night we parachute into the middle of the meal . the spaghetti be a hit ... we cut to different conversation and reaction around the table . Frank be in the middle of say ; frank it would be a whole lot easier to pay the feed end of the month ... tom I do not think Warren would go for that . Grace be talk to Joe and the twin . grace ... like , for instance , you can go on the Internet and access this thing call the visible man -- who be this murderer they catch in Texas that be execute and donate he body to science and you can call he up on the screen and dissect he , like in Three -d ... Grace eat as she talk . Joe and the twin be fascinate . Annie ask Tom , Frank and Diane ; annie well , do you ever think about hire a business manager ? frank we have a business manager . the best around . diane ha ... tom Diane take care of the book . I do not know how , but at the end of every month , everything add up to the penny . diane ai not brain surgery . annie it 's pretty impressive . where I come from , you would be a gold mine . Diane do not know how to accept that , but inside she 's burst with pride . she focus on the twin who fight ; twins this be my fork . that 's you fork , ya idiot ! diane hey . you stop that kind of talk at the table . frank I will have another round of that spaghetti if may ? annie absolutely . I make enough for a army . diane I uh ... I like the sauce very much . maybe I get the recipe . Annie be so pleased and be about to reply , but Grace , notice Tom smile at Annie : grace it 's from a jar . there 's a odd silence as a deflate Annie serve Frank . frank thank you . finally , Diane save it . diane well , I try jar sauce once -- be not this good . ya gotta know which brand to buy . I would like to get the name of this one . Annie be grateful . Grace feel foolish . twin ( scott ) can we see the dead body on the screen ? diane what ? grace it 's just my computer . diane oh , I do not -- annie it 's okay . Grace , show they . I be go to put the coffee on . I make a apple tart for dessert . the twin excitedly move to the computer . Joe wait for Grace . diane I will help you with the coffee . annie well ... I know I should reject that offer , but I be not go to . diane ( jovial ) no reason you should , no reason you should . they exit into the kitchen . Frank continue eat . Tom look around -- Grace show the boy the computer . Annie and Diane in the kitchen . for a second , we see Tom realize a image of the life he once think he could . int . kitchen - night as Diane and Annie prepare coffee and dessert ; diane I be look in one of you magazine and see that picture of the couple get marry at the pyramid . be you ever in Egypt ? annie I be there for that shot , actually . diane what be it like ? annie oh , God -- I think it be the fourth or fifth time I would be there , so all I remember be the heat and how incompetent the photographer be ... she laugh as she direct this last line to Diane , who just smile . and Annie realize that 's not what she mean at all . this woman be starve for glimpsis into this other life . annie but , uh , Egypt be , well , it 's like nothing else . it 's like go back in time . ( Diane listen ) I remember as a kid try to imagine what a kid my age , century ago , walk over that same ground , be wonder about or , if they have the same problem as I ... and I feel , connect to ... to time itself , almost . ha , I never realize how hard it be to describe . diane I would love to go there one time ... annie you and Frank ever take a vacation ? diane soon . we be go to branson , Missouri to see my cousin Emma marry . Frank love in there . Annie can sense the disappointment in she voice , and at the same time , the comfortable resignation . suddenly , from inside , they hear loud overlapping voice as the child fight . twin ( scott ) it be my turn ! joe ya just have a turn . it be not . twin ( scott ) be so ! live room : Diane and Annie enter to find Joe and Scott fight , as Tom try to break they up ... tom boy ! settle down ! twin ( scott ) you never let I have a turn ! joe do not be such a baby ! twin ( scott ) you just show off for she ! joe you shut up , stupid ! twin ( scott ) you be the one who 's stupid -- let she go and fall off you horse !! everyone go quiet , except for the computer screen . joe you little shit ! diane joe ! twin ( scott ) I see them . in the pasture . her try to get on gonzo ! I see them . annie what do he mean ? grace nothing . annie do you go riding ? joe Little shit ! Joe lunge for Scott and the two start roll in a fight . Frank and Tom work to pull they apart as Diane yell . diane Annie , I be so sorry , but they be just tired . we will have dessert another time . Frank , get they out of here . ( to other twin ) come on . say good night and thank you ... voice everywhere . yelling . " thank you 's !! " during which , Grace quickly turn and exit . Annie eye follow she out of the room , but with she guest and the chaos , she do not know whether or not to leave . frank dinner be delicious . thank you . ( to twin ) say thank you !! Diane and Frank usher the kid out . Tom hold onto Joe until they be go , then let he go . joe sorry , mar 'am , I thank you for dinner . it be very good . annie do Grace try to ride , Joe ? joe ( hesitates ) I expect you should talk to Grace about that , mar 'am . and if I do anything wrong , then I be sorry . ever the gentleman , Joe exit . Annie look to Tom . he 's about to leave , when he stop and say : tom do not let she turn you away . Tom exit . Annie stand and face Grace 's close door . slowly , she lower herself to she knee and sit on they , think ... reminiscent of Tom , wait for he moment with pilgrim , in the field . int . creek house , grace's room - later that night we do not know how long Annie wait , but she knock gently , then enter to find Grace , in she nightgown , on she bed , with the night stand light on . her prosthesis be against the wall . annie Grace ? be everything all right ? ( no answer ) can we talk ? grace about what ? annie well ... ( nervous ) so you try riding again ? grace ( snotty ) yeah . do that mean I be cure ?! annie honey , nobody 's try to cure you -- grace ... you worried everything all right now and we will have to go home ? annie what be you talk about ? grace you ... not want to go home because you hate daddy so much . annie Grace , I do not hate you father . grace I can not remember the last time you make he dinner . annie I be just try to say thank you to Diane and Frank and -- grace Tom ? Annie sit by the bed , Grace move away a little . annie look , I just want to say , I think it 's great you be riding again . and ... and I think I know why you , you need to do it alone ... without anyone know ... grace yeah , you know everything !! annie stop it ! why can not I talk to you !! grace no , you stop it ! stop pretend like you care ! like this really be not about you and Tom . annie ( angry ) what ?! how can you -- ( at a loss ) I be sorry if my friendship with Tom bother you so much , but I happen to value have someone to talk to , especially when my own daughter ignore I night and day because no matter what I say , it 's wrong and no matter what I do , it 's wrong ... I be sorry I be such a disappointment to you . grace well , now you know what it feel like . beat . annie I do not deserve that . I have never look at you as a disappointment . if I be on you back to do better , if I push you to try harder it 's because I want you to be the best you can be . grace for you ! because I be you daughter which mean you be the best mother ! be not that what you be always talk about in interview -- have it all , the great career , the great family ... prove everybody wrong . wanting everybody to think you be this perfect woman ! beat . they be both exhaust . annie listen , if ... if there 's a part of you as parent that ... that take pride in you child -- that , you can look at they and see something you have accomplish as well ... if that 's wrong , then I be sorry . ( no answer ) but it be not my intention . I do not push for I . I do it for you ... so you do not waste half you life feel like you do not know where you belong . grace yeah , well , you have do a great job . beat . Annie feel deeply hurt . annie well , then I do apologize ... but what I be most sorry for be turn you into a spoiled brat who can only think about what she 's feel ... who can not admit when she 's wrong and who can not forgive when she 's not . grace leave I alone !! Annie stop to exit as Grace say something under she breath . Annie stop . annie what do you say ? grace I say ... I start . Grace start to sob . Annie do not understand . annie start what ? grace my period . annie ( softer ) when ? tonight ? grace ( nod ) I feel it happen downstairs and when I go into the bathroom . Annie reach down to touch Grace 's shoulder . Grace turn -- there be no anger in she face . Annie sit and take she in she arm . Grace cling to she and sob like a little girl . Annie see tear run -- gratefully , lovingly . grace who 's go to want I now ? annie what ?... oh baby ... grace who 's ever go to want I ? nobody will . annie that 's not true . grace why should they ? annie because you be ... one of the most ... incredible , bravest , most beautiful woman I have ever meet . the effort you make . you courage and you dignity . ( laugh through tear ) I do not know where you get it ? I honestly do not know how I would have handle all this if I be you . Grace be so grateful , they cling to each other even harder . as the tear subside , Grace manage to admit ... grace I be sorry ... about what I say . it 's just that -- all that time you and daddy be try for another kid , I ... I use to pray at night that it would work . and not because of you guy or that I want a brother or sister ... but ... just so I would not have to be ... annie what ? grace so special . because I be the only one . you both want I to be so good at everything , so perfect and I be not . I be just I . and now I have completely ruin everything , anyway ... they both start cry again as Annie rock she gently . annie sshhh ... ssshhhh ... they hold each other as if for dear life ... later -- camera pan to discover mother and daughter , fast asleep , in each other 's arm . int . tom' room , ranch house - night Tom sit alone , write at he desk . his music be play . he stop to look out the window overlook the Creek House . Annie and Grace fall asleep with the light still on in the live room . Tom be think of Grace and Annie -- wonder what happen after he leave ... conflict by what he feel for Annie ... and remember why they be here in the first place ... dissolve to : int . creek house - next morning the phone ring , awaken Annie first , then Grace . annie hello ? operator ( v.o. ) hello , this be att Conference service . be this Annie maclean ? annie yes . operator ( v.o. ) I have a conference call schedule for you with Mr. gottschalk and Mr. farlow . annie ( remember ) oh . oh , yes . one moment , please . grace who be it ? annie uh , nothing . I be go to pick it up in the other room -- would you hang this up for I ? grace sure . Annie move to the other room , sit down at she office space , take a breath , then pick up , yell to Grace ; annie okay , Grace ... ( click ) Operator ?... I be ready . ext . riding arena - later that morning Annie and Grace be stand by the arena fence . Frank , Joe and the twin be sit on the fence rail . Joe be hold a saddle and a bridle , stand in some shadow in a empty arena . pilgrim come run into the ring . out of habit , he start circle the ring . he see Tom hold a saddle . pilgrim walk towards he . curious , he stop , look at he . Tom put the saddle down , sit crossway on it . pilgrim walk towards he again . he stop , look at Tom again . Tom just sit there , play with the bridle . pilgrim walk around he . Tom do not show he any interest . pilgrim come closer . he look at the saddle . he run off . he stop , look back . Tom just sit . pilgrim walk back over . Tom stand and show he the bridle . pilgrim come closer , sniff it . he rub he nose against the leather . Tom pat he head . then , in one quick , but deat motion , he put the bridle on he . pilgrim toss he head , but it do not seem to bother he . Grace and Annie watch intently . Tom take the rein , walk pilgrim around the ring . he walk he to the saddle . pilgrim paw at it with he hoof . he turn and run off . Tom let he go . pilgrim run around the ring , slow down , look over at Tom . Tom pick up the saddle . pilgrim , cautiously , come back over . Tom , with the saddle , walk away from he . pilgrim , again curious , follow he . he nudge Tom . Tom stop . pilgrim come around to take a good look at the saddle . Tom rub he back . and gently , like lay down a sheet , put the saddle on he back . pilgrim shuffles slightly at the touch . Tom quickly cinch it . take up the rein , he walk pilgrim around the ring again . he start to jog . pilgrim jog with he . and in the middle of the jog , Tom grab onto the saddle horn , and without break he stride , pull himself back up onto he back . he lay across the saddle , let pilgrim feel he weight . he sit up , and without let he break he stride , he urge pilgrim with he thigh , keep he in the jog , riding around the ring . Grace and Annie cheer . Tom tip he hat to they ... int . the barn - day Grace be clean stall , etc ... she exit one of the stall with a pail and stop -- look down the barn to where she know pilgrim be . she place the pail down and gather she courage . she walk to pilgrim 's stall . she stand motionless for some moment before she open the door and enter ... pilgrim step back a bit . he look at she . he pin he ear back . stomp he foot . Grace be about to turn and leave , but she stop herself and remain still . slowly , she reach out to touch pilgrim 's head ... and he let she . we see in Grace a maturity of character , a willingness to face what she must face ... the beginning of a compassion , not only for pilgrim , but perhaps for herself as well . ext . double divide - night a full moon light the ranch . Tom pull up to the ranch house in he truck , park and get out . as he walk towards the house , he hear : Grace exit the Creek House and come towards he , a coat over she nightgown . Tom wait until she reach he . grace I be wait for you to come back . Tom instinctively know what she want . tom you hungry ? int . ranch house , kitchen - night Grace sit at the table . Tom be cooking at the stove . it feel as if they be the only two people on earth . Grace get up she nerve ... and begin : grace judith be tell I about this boy she really like . she never even have a chance to tell I he name ... she start to quietly cry , but it do not stop she . grace we be go to go around by the railroad bridge ... and we see the accident all over again ... but this time , a movie -- as clear as reality -- but in deathly silence . just the sound of Grace 's voice , and she heartbeat ... ext . the wood , connecticut - early morning the horse be go up the icy path ... grace ( v.o. ) we be laugh about something , I do not remember what . her horse fall ... judith 's horse suddenly stumble on the ice , go down , throw judith , she foot helplessly catch in the stirrup . her horse slide back down the hill . Grace try to move pilgrim to avoid the errant horse , but it 's too late , the horse plow into they , the horse slide back down the hillside onto the empty country road ... ext . country road , ct . - early morning pilgrim be first to find he leg . judith 's horse , its leg break at the ankle , walk in a confuse state . judith 's foot be helplessly catch in the stirrup ... grace ( v.o. ) ... judith 's foot be catch in the stirrup ... she could not get up , she be so scared ... ( cry ) I see this truck , come around the turn ... she see the glint of the steel . the truck suddenly appear from around the bend . grace ( v.o. ) ... he be honk , try to get we to move ... I try to grab the rein to get judith 's horse out of the way ... Grace grab the rein of judith 's horse . the horse be spook ... grace ( v.o. ) ... and the truck start skid ... the truck skidd on the icy road , go out of control , jack - knife , head right for they ... grace ( v.o. ) ... it be come right at we ... there be not any time to do anything ... it run right into judith 's horse ... the truck bed plow into judith 's horse ... grace ( v.o. ) ... judith just disappear ... and it come right at pilgrim and I ... we see this ... grace ( v.o. ) ... and pilgrim rear up at the truck and I fall off ... Grace fall onto the road , the truck run over she . int . ranch house , kitchen - night Grace sob uncontrollably now . grace judith ... oh God , judith . I be sorry ... Tom be near and hold she as she put she head on he chest . tom I will not tell you it will stop feel this bad ... but I can tell you , you do not do anything wrong ... the same thing would have happen to I ... or Frank ... or Joe ... and there 's no sense in look for a reason why thing happen ... ( self - reflective ) I use to try and ... always come up short . I do not think the why so 's important as ... what we do with what we get . I remember this boy I would see up on the blackfeet reservation . he be sixteen . great kid . strong . he would go swim and dive headfirst into a rock . snapped he neck , paralyze he ... after the accident , I would look in on he from time to time ... and he be not there anymore . his mind , he spirit , whatever you want to call it , it just disappear . and what be leave be nothing but anger ... it 's like the boy I know just go away somewhere ... grace I know where he go . tom I know you do . do not you disappear . ( hold she tighter ) you do whatever you have to , to hold on ... ( think ) I will tell you one more thing ... when pilgrim rear up to face that truck ... you know what I think ?... I think that damn horse love you so much , he be try to protect you ... that 's what I think . Grace listen to this . as Tom hold she in silence , it 's almost as if they be father and daughter ... ext . the corral - pre-dawn Tom stand with Grace in the corral . Tom 's horse , rimrock , be saddle nearby . Tom take Grace 's cane . tom let I hold that ... Grace stand , look at the horse ... grace I can not ... not yet ... tom there 's no hurry . take you time . she 's try so hard to be brave . after a moment , she reach for the saddle horn . she put she prosthetic leg in the stirrup , take a breath and swing she leg up -- slip , fall to the ground . Tom do not say anything . she pull herself back up . she repeat the action ... determinedly . she swing she leg over again and sit squarely on the horse . Tom remain still , but proud . as the day break , we leave they in silence -- Tom stand , hand in pocket ... Grace sit up on the horse , proudly . ext . double divide , the pasture - early morning Endless sky . Annie be jogging off in the distance when she look up and stop to see : Tom and Grace , both on horse , stop on a roll hill . they do not see she . Annie be fill with emotion ... pride for she daughter , gratitude for this amazing man . as the two ride off into the distance we do a slow : fade out : SHOCK CUT : bright sunshine ... cattle drive ... ext . the mountain - day Frank and Diane , with the twin , dog at they heel , ride in front of the herd . behind they , Joe riding alongside Grace . smokey and some hand ride among the herd , keep they move . and riding behind the herd be Annie and Tom ... montage of various moment throughout the day during the cattle drive ... highlight , in particular , that in which the rise sexual tension between Tom and Annie be apparent . ext . the mountain - night the cattle stand in silhouette . we hear sing . everyone be sit around a campfire . Frank 's play the guitar , sing along with Tom . they laugh when a lyric or a note go wrong . everyone be enjoy it . Annie , she arm around she knee , sit off by herself . the song end and people applaud . Frank hand the guitar to hank ; frank play that sweet one you know . the one make my wife here so friendly . diane ( slap he shoulder ) you ! hank begin to play and sing a painfully pretty song . his sweet voice be stark contrast to he gruff , strongman appearance . Frank offer he hand to Diane , she slap it away and laugh , he help she up and they start to dance . as everyone watch ... Joe stand and offer he hand to Grace ; joe you would not want to dance with I , would you ? grace I do not think you would want I trip all over you in front of everybody . joe ( sweetly ) I would not let happen . grace ( affectionately ) you know , you be a good kid . Joe smile and help she up . they come together and start dance . Annie be watch , hold she breath with gratitude . Tom notice Annie off by herself and cross to she . he extend he hand . she hesitates , look again to Grace with Joe , then accept ... his hand slide to she back . her hand to he shoulder . they dance . they body closer than they have ever be . slowly , she lean she head against he body . and surrender , for the moment ... Diane see they . she hold she husband fast , and bury she head on he neck . ext . the mountain - day more cattle drive mantage -- take Tom and Annie a bit further in they intimacy ; perhaps Tom take extra special care to explain thing to Annie , or fix she saddle cinch , or make she laugh ... ext . the mountain - evening the cow stand in the pasture , graze . Annie and Diane be clean some pot and pan in the stream . diane must be nice for you to take a few day off from you work , huh ? annie well , I have more than a few day , ha , ha ... I uh ... I be sort of ... not a editor anymore ... right now ... first time I have say it out loud . diane they fire you ? annie no , it 's more like a leave of - ( stop ) ha , ha , ha . yeah , they fire I . diane you do not seem to upset ? annie delay shock . or maybe not . I know I could talk my way back if I want or ... go to another magazine , someplace ... just not sure if I want to . diane guess you do not have to figure it out until you go home . this phrase " go home " sting Annie -- though Diane say it innocently . annie do you always know this be the life you want ? diane I fall in love . after that , I never think about be anything but a rancher 's wife . I never see it like I be lose some other life , just feel like I be gain one . I know that 's not a popular opinion nowadays and I be not say it 's the right one . we all have to find the life mean for we . annie Frank 's a good man . diane they do not come better . but I do not deny there be time I wonder about thing I will not have . maybe one day I will get to see Egypt . maybe not . but I know if you try too many different life , you can wind up with no life at all ... annie sound like something Tom would say . diane yes , it do . Annie and Diane resume wash the dish in silence . Annie deep in think . until Diane stop . after a beat , Annie notice . annie what ? diane Annie , I be not good at this kind of talk -- go round and round a thing but never come to it -- so let 's just say what it be . when you first come here , I do not like you and I be worried . Tom mean a lot to I and this family . do not go look here for whatever you look for . do not make that man go through something it take he a long time to see he way clear out of the first time . annie I do not think anybody can make Tom do anything he do not want . diane he 's a good man , Tom be . he 's get a gift , come from heaven above , I swear . but he 's still a man . and a woman can lead a man into the middle of a mountain lake -- and still make he think he 's on dry land . Diane 's word ring in Annie 's head . ext . the mountain - dead of night Dead in stillness . the cattle dark and motionless . everyone asleep in bedroll around the pasture . Annie awaken , look up at the moon , watch it go in and out of the cloud . she look over to sleep Grace ... then look to where Tom be -- and see he sleep bag be empty . quietly , she rise and look for he . she start across the grass and see he crossing on he haunch , wear a slicker , sit in the grass by the stream , drink some water . she watch he . Tom sense something and turn . for a moment , they just look at each other -- half disbely the inevitable be so close at hand . Annie approach as Tom rise . they meet . they kiss . tentative at first , but more , just to make that very , precious first moment of discovery last as long as it can . the kiss grow more passionate . they begin to lose themselves in each other . until , suddenly , aware of they surroundings , they part . no word . they expression to each other tell all . Annie separate herself and go back to she bedroll ... Tom stand in the grass , by the stream ... the move water , the night 's only sound . dissolve to : ext . double divide - day the cattle drive return . Tom , Annie , Grace , et al ... be on they horse , head back towards the ranch when Grace see in the distance ; grace dad ? Annie look up and see : Pov -- ROBERT have come to the ranch . he be wait for they with he luggage beside a rental car ... stand out like a like the man in the Gray flannel suit in the middle of wyeth 's " Christina 's World . " ext . ranch house - day everyone be be introduce to Robert , as Grace hug he from the side , never let go of he . Frank , Diane -- who introduce they kid , then Tom and Robert shake hand ... annie this be Mr. booker , Robert . tom ( extend hand ) Tom . ROBERT hi . it 's a pleasure . I be very grateful for the way you take in my girl here . I bet you be surprised when they just show up out of nowhere . tom oh yeah ... laugh . awkward silence ... ROBERT well I uh ... I can already see a change . ( hugging Grace ) and I be very grateful to you . Robert be so sincere -- in that openly , modern , " express you feeling " kind of way . Tom just nod . grace do you notice -- no cane ? ROBERT I know . amazing . grace can we show he pilgrim , Tom ? tom oh , we be gonna show you dad plenty . why do not you all get settle in and we will do the tour . Excuse I . as Tom walk away , a nervous Robert feel compel to say : ROBERT see you later ! Tom just nod and keep walk . Annie and Robert face each other for a beat . annie let 's bring you bag inside . grace wait till you see this -- we have the whole house to ourselves ... the maclean walk to the Creek House . ext . double divide - day in the distance , we see the pick - up truck park out in the pasture . Tom be stand with Robert -- in jeans , now -- and Grace , tell Robert about the ranch . Robert have he arm around Grace , ask question , interested in everything ... Grace be loving be with she two favorite man ... ext . ranch - day Grace wait in the truck as Tom lead Robert through the cow and cowshit , climb up and hop over a wood fence . Robert follow suit -- not as gracefully -- and get a splinter ... int . ranch kitchen - day Diane be busy in the kitchen when Annie enter . annie be there anything you need ? I be go food - shopping . diane well , I be go to go after lunch . annie no , no , I will go -- just give I a list . Annie be determine . she need to be by herself for a bit . ext . another part of the ranch - day Tom continue he tour as the dog run about they . Tom pay the dog no attention , except to bark a order . Robert , however , engage with they -- pick up a stick and throw it . a dog return and give it back . Robert kneel and begin rub the dog 's fur , talk to it , look like a anachronism in he baggy jeans with designer cowboy belt and spanking new designer cowboy boot . Tom wait patiently for Robert , who ... and carry on with the dog a bit too long . when Robert get up , he habitually brushes the dirt off he jeans , maybe even he boot , and make sure he outfit be hang properly . int . barn - day Grace be in the stall with pilgrim . once again , close enough to touch he , which he allow . outside the stall , stand Robert and Tom . Robert squeeze he splinter ... ROBERT I can not believe it 's the same horse . tom we still have a way to go . ROBERT how much longer do you think ? Tom understand this man want he family back . tom well , like I tell you wife , it 's really up to pilgrim . ROBERT I understand ... dissolve to : int . kitchen - early morning everyone be seat around the table , eat , talk , laugh . Grace be right by she father 's side . franks in the middle of tell Robert : frank we think we lose he in the snow storm ... told the kid . have a funeral for the damn thing . finally , snow stop . stare to warm up . I go out and start clean the truck ... goddamn if that dog do not jump out from the back seat cover in snow ... I nearly stain myself . tom he think it be a ghost . joe a dog ghost ! laughter all around . dissolve to : ext . ranch house - night everyone be outside enjoy the night after a long day . Diane and Annie be on the porch . Diane be show Annie how she do she needlepoint . Annie be genuinely interested . Tom and Frank and Robert be sit out front . Grace be at Robert 's foot . Joe sit on the ground in front of he father , opposite Grace . tom be the poverty worse , now , you think ? ROBERT I have not be back in over twenty year , but I would not be surprised . the population 's larger . frank what be you do over in India ? ROBERT uh , this be right after college . I be in the peace Corps . frank that right ? back on Diane and Annie , who hear the laughter o.s. and look . Diane smile , see how much Grace be enjoy she dad . diane she sure love she daddy , huh ? Annie smile and look herself . yes , she do , she think . why can not I ? back to the other . everyone be very interested in Robert 's storey ... especially Tom . ROBERT ... and I think before I settle into law school -- everybody know that be the plan -- I would take this time for myself . Grace rise to go to the Creek House . ROBERT and I tell you , Frank , it be one of the -- as Grace pass by , she stumble a bit and Robert habitually rise to help , but Grace ignore he and rights herself , continue . Robert quickly sit back down , continue . ROBERT ... one of the uh ... great time of my life ... I have experience that , I think , change my outlook forever . I come back a different person , literally . Tom listen with great interest and respect . back to Diane and Annie , who watch as Joe follow Grace . diane I think I be go to have my hand full with the son of mine when you leave . just might be he first break heart . annie oh , how sweet . a burst of laughter pull they attention to the group -- Robert be now stand , act out a story . ROBERT ... and I have no idea what he 's say because I do not understand hindu ... everyone be listen , with big expectant smile . Annie watch -- have hear this story before . her eye gradually shift to Tom , who be enjoy the story . ROBERT ... so , finally I be try to explain to he that I be allergic to wool and would he please get he sheep out of my car -- laughter . Robert continue , give a quick look to Annie -- who be look at Tom ... Robert let it go , continue he story . int . creek house - night Grace be asleep . Robert sit by she bed , light by the moon through a window . he stare at this creature he love so much . he rise and enter Annie 's room . ROBERT tire ? Annie shrug . Robert look at the bed . he tease . ROBERT small bed . maybe I should sleep in the barn . annie ( tease back ) you be allergic to hay . ROBERT ( smile ) I apologize for the surprise , but the day only open yesterday and I figure ... annie you do not have to explain . you have every right to come . ROBERT I can see why you put you faith in he . he 's a genuine ... good guy ... good at what he do . that 's rare . Annie nod . she try to hide she discomfort . Robert sit on the bed before she . ROBERT you be right about come here . I be sorry for not think ... annie no , it 's okay . believe I , there be plenty of time I do not know what the hell be right . ROBERT how be you feel about work ? annie let 's not talk about that now . and they be quiet . he move to kiss she . it 's awkward . they look to each other -- as they try to remember how to make love together ... ROBERT I feel like I be on a first date . Annie smile sympathetically . ext . barn dance , hank's ranch - dusk Cars and pick - up truck haphazardly park along a dirt road ... smoke open grill barbecue . rancher and family move about the ranch , sit and eat at picnic table with gingham tablecloth ... some teenager hang around the corral , talk . Diane and some other woman , eat and talk ... Frank with a group of man , drink beer , tell storey . a band have be set up by the barn . people be dance under the harvest moon . Grace be dance with Joe ... Tom be dance with a local woman ... Annie with a rancher ... everyone be have a good time ... Robert be enjoy a smoke with some man . he look over to the dance floor and smile when he see Grace and Joe . Joe and the rancher trade place ... Joe dance with Annie , the rancher with Grace ... but Tom see he chance and switch with the rancher so that he can dance with Grace ... she be thrilled and he guide she effortlessly across the floor . Joe and Annie be interrupt by another couple . Joe switch partner , but Annie smile and excuse herself -- she want to rest . Robert continue talk with some of the man . he put out he smoke and look over to the dance floor . he see Grace now dance with Tom ... his eye search for Annie . he move away from the man until he see , from a distance ; Annie , sit by herself , amidst the crowd ... no one would notice she unless they be look for she ... but Robert do -- and what he see be Annie look at Grace and Tom ... then , only look at Tom ... smiling to herself gently ... watch he every move . suddenly , she rise and exit out of the barn to get some air . ext . hank's ranch - night Annie find a isolate spot , behind the main house , to be by herself and catch she breath . int . barn - night Tom and Grace continue dance . she 's in heaven . Robert approach and Tom quickly allow he to take over . Grace love the attention from both man . as they dance off , Tom cross the dance floor and be meet by hank 's wife ; hank's wife oh Tom , would you check the shed and see if there 's anymore chair . tom sure . ext . hank's ranch - night Tom be walk along when he turn the corner of hank 's house and find ; Annie sit alone , stare up at the night . they see each other . from behind the house , no one else can see they . it be as if the fate bring they face to face and alone . without any will to stop it , they embrace and kiss passionately . but when they look into each other 's eye , there be no joy in the kiss . Tom release she and walk away , head for the shed . Annie quickly pull herself together and enter the main house through the back door . int . double divide ranch , kitchen - night Diane be once more sit at the kitchen table , look over some bill before bed . her tape player be on softly . Tom enter and cross to the sink to get a glass of water . Diane look up , see Tom with he back to she -- stand at the sink , fill he glass -- stare out the window over the sink . she look to the dish of brownie on the table . diane I have some brownie leave over . want one ? tom ( with / of turn around ) no thanks . Diane sense a uneasiness in Tom . she look as he drink he water . medium close - up on tom' back , as if from Diane 's Pov . but when we pull back we find ourselves ; int . barn - night Tom be stand in front of pilgrim 's stall . he open the door . they look at each other . he stroke he and begin to whisper ; tom there 's something you have to do tomorrow , boy ... camera gently move away ... and Tom whisper to pilgrim what must be do ... ext . the riding arena - day there 's a stillness . a sense of import . Annie , Robert , Frank , Diane , Joe and smokey , be all at various spot along the fence . Grace stand inside the ring . Tom be stand beside pilgrim in the middle of the ring . pilgrim be bridle and saddle . Tom adjust he stirrup . he walk over to Grace ... tom all set ? Grace swallow hard , nodd . she 's worried ... tom sure ? grace ( softly ) sure . Tom put he arm around she shoulder and walk out to pilgrim . the horse prick up he ear as they approach . Tom motion Grace to stop a short distance from pilgrim so as not to crowd he . Tom walk over alone , reach to gently take hold of he . holding he by the bridle , he put he head beside pilgrim 's , quietly speak to he , soothing pilgrim 's neck with he other hand ... Annie and Robert be fascinate . anxious . pilgrim never take he eye off Grace . Tom try to ease he forward . pilgrim resist , lift he head and look at Grace so you can see the white at the top of he eye . Tom turn he away , walk he in circle , try to calm he . he lead he back to Grace . pilgrim toss he head and stomp he foot . Robert grow more anxious . Annie be calmer , more focus . Tom climb up on he , riding he around the arena in a easy lope . Grace watch they go round the ring . she look at she parent and try to smile . they try as well . Tom dismount and lead pilgrim back to Grace . pilgrim balk again , violently throw he head , kick ... Grace 's shoulder slump , she press she hand in she pocket , fight not to cry ... tom smokey ... smokey climb over the rail into the ring as Tom say something to he . meanwhile Frank reassure Grace : frank he will be okay , Grace . just you hang on there a minute or two . Tom will get he , okay , you will see ... smokey jog over to the gate , climb it , and disappear into the barn . Tom cross to Grace . tom there 's still something go on inside of he I can not reach . so I and smokey here , we be go to try lay he down . okay ? grace what do that mean ? tom it 's more or less how it sound . sometimes it 's not pretty to watch . some horse fight it real hard . you fella 's already show we he like a good fight . so if you do not want to watch , I will call you when it 's do . grace I want to watch . smokey re-enter the ring , carry some rope . he talk briefly to Tom . pilgrim , sense something , turn and run to the far side of the ring . Tom , he arm spread , walk over to he , keep he by the fence . Tom take he by the bridle . smokey come beside he . Tom unhitch the bridle and in its place slip a rope halter smokey pass to he . smokey then hand he two long rope , one at a time . Tom fasten one under the halter and tie the other to the saddle horn . Tom ask smokey . tom you get that soft rope ? smokey hand it to he . Tom quietly talk to pilgrim , run he hand down pilgrim 's leave foreleg and lift he hoof . pilgrim slightly shift . and when he 's still , Tom slip the loop at the end of the soft rope over the hoof make sure it 's snug . and take the other end of the rope , he hoist the weight of pilgrim 's raise hoof and tie the rope to the saddle horn . pilgrim stand on three leg -- a explosion wait to happen . Tom move away from pilgrim , take the halter line from smokey . pilgrim , try to move , find he 's crippled . scare , he lurch , hopping on he right foreleg . see he can not walk , panicked , he try to run . Tom and smokey , brace themselves , lean back on they rope and force he around they in a tight circle . he go around and around like a craze rock horse with a break leg . Tom look over and see Annie have leave Robert outside the ring to stand by a anguish Grace -- she hand on she shoulder , grip she . Robert watch , feel too much a foreigner ... grace what be he do this ? frank it will be ok , Grace . but even Frank be not so sure . pilgrim , cover in sweat , still circle . as he run , he hobble foot jab at the air , try to find peace . he run and run as Tom and smokey lean on the rope -- until he can not run any more and stop . Tom and smokey let the line go slack . pilgrim , stand there , he wet side heaving , panting like a asthmatic , make loud rasp sound . Tom and smokey speak . smokey hand he he rope . turn , he get a coiled lasso out of the sand . he swing the rope in a wide loop and make it fall over pilgrim 's saddle horn . he pull it tight . and he take the other end of the rope to the far side of the fence and tie it in a quick release knot to the bottom rung . come back he take the other two line from Tom . Tom cross to the rail . he start put pressure on the rope . pilgrim feeing it , brace himself . the pressure tilt the saddle hold downward . frank ( to Grace and Annie ) he 's try to get he to go down on he knee ... pilgrim fight . Tom pull on the rope . pilgrim , slowly , begrudgingly , give ground . Tom , bring he to he knee , but it be short live . pilgrim be muscle he way back to he foot . Tom pull he down to he knee again . pilgrim , fight with every bit of strength , slowly get to he foot again . but the pressure Tom be put on the saddle be too strong and relentless and finally pilgrim go down on he knee and stay down . yet Tom keep the pressure on ... Tom shout to smokey . tom Drop the line and come help I ... smokey , drop the line , run over . they both pull on the saddle rope . grace that 's enough ! stop it ! pilgrim snort and foam at the mouth , fight . but slowly , like a wounded bird , she start give in . he roll over on he side and lay he head in the sand and be still . it seem like a total , humiliate surrender . Grace start to sob , bury she face in Annie 's chest . Robert feel impotent to help . tom grace ! Tom and smokey stand over the fall horse like two big game hunter at the carcass of a kill . tom grace ! will you come here , please ! Grace shake she head " no . " Frank motion to Annie for she to let Grace go ... to let stand alone ... we see that it 's not easy for Annie to trust this , but she do . and she step back to where Robert stand ... Tom , he face set , walk toward Grace ... tom Grace , I need you to come with I . Grace violently shake she head " no " ... Robert get up the courage to say aloud : ROBERT well maybe she should not be here ... Annie quickly turn to he and say with quick intensity : annie Robert ! let he handle it ! please ! Robert can not watch this . he turn and take a few step . just stop ... stand behind and apart from Annie , to just watch ... slowly become transfix , like someone who can not stop stare at a accident . Tom reach Grace and put he hand tenderly on she shoulder ... tom Grace , I need you to come with I . grace no , you be only go to hurt he some more . tom he 's not hurt . he 's okay . look at he . grace ( turn away ) no ! tom Grace , listen ... you have get to do this . just trust I one more time . Grace look into he eye and be remind of all this man have do for she ... and she remember she trust . grace do what ? Tom , prouder of she now than ever before . tom I will show you . Tom lead she across the ring , with he arm around she shoulder . Annie try to maintain she composure . Robert remain still and focus . Tom and Grace come to pilgrim , lie in the dirt , he breathe plaintive . Tom speak gently ; tom I want you to lay down with he . I want you to stroke he . I want to start with he hindquarters and rub he , feel he all over . Grace be shaking she head " no . " he speak more firmly . tom Grace , you have get to do what I say . Grace know there 's no way out . she take a breath and slowly kneel in the dirt beside he , with Tom 's help . she lay on he , rub he , he hindquarters , he leg , he side , softly rub he neck and the wet silky side of he head . tom now , listen . I want you to stand on he . annie what ?! Tom respond to they voice without look at they : tom please ! ( they stop ) Grace , do what I be tell you . stand on he ... now ! Grace obey he through she tear . she let Tom take she hand and guide she up onto the curve of pilgrim 's belly . then he let go . Grace stand there with teas steaming down she face -- stand on the animal she love most in the world . annie it 's so cruel . frank no . he have the choice . annie what choice !!? frank either fight the way thing be or accept it . Robert , however , be hypnotize by the event . he be have a private epiphany of sort . Grace sit in the dirt by pilgrim and stroke he quietly -- she begin talk to he , the way Tom do . Tom watch , as he cautiously step further away . pilgrim look up at Grace out of the dark pool of he one sad eye . they look at each other . and we understand there 's a connection once more . a moment of understanding ... and forgiveness . Grace start to untie he rope . smokey be about to stop she but Tom shake " no " ... pilgrim , like a infant come out of the water , breathe life for the first time , get to he foot . Grace and he look to each other . and all be still . Grace grab the saddle horn . pilgrim shuffles as if he 's go to bolt . Grace quietly reassure he ... she then carefully put she prosthetic leg in the stirrup . pilgrim shift slightly . Annie cover she mouth so as not to scream out she fear . Robert breath heavily . they watch as Grace swing she leg , determine , and pull herself into the saddle . sitting on he back , pilgrim toss he head and look as he 's go to run off . but Grace put she arm around he neck , and once again , quietly reassure he . she start to ride he , slowly , she arm around he neck , talk all the while , around the ring . Annie laugh as she cry -- emotion overwhelming she . Robert feel almost numb with fascination , gratitude , confusion ... the slow ride turn into a trot ... then a lope ... then a canter ... round and round the ring . Frank and Diane smile . Diane look to Tom and know what he 's feel ... Tom watch as any father would -- he heart pound with pride for the miracle of he child . but he do not let on for a second . Grace bring pilgrim to a stop , lift she arm to the heaven , victorious . everyone cheer . smokey help she off the horse . she stop to look at Tom , who busy himself with pick up the rope ... so she re-focus on she parent . they run to each other and embrace ... first , she and Annie ... then , she and she father ... but , as Robert and Grace hold each other and begin to exit , Annie manage to make eye contact with Tom ... and tell he with one look , how grateful she be ... and how much she love he . and he receive it ... ext . double divide - day we follow the day after this event ... work on the ranch go on as usual while Tom and Grace keep nurture pilgrim back to life . ext . pasture - another day Grace and Annie go riding ... ext . mountain trail - day Robert take a isolate hike up the mountain until he come upon a ridge overlook a inspiring vista . we can tell Robert be move by the sight . sweaty , tired , he find a place to sit ... to be still ... and to consider he life . ext . the ranch house - day Frank 's car be park up for the trip to the airport that will take the booker to branton , Missouri for Diane 's cousin 's wedding ... Grace , Annie and Robert be outside say goodbye to the booker ; Diane , the twin ... and Joe ... Joe awkwardly shake she hand ... then remove he hat and put it on she head . everyone laugh . they want to hug each other , but do not know if they would ... Frank and Tom be pack the car ... diane oh Frank , do not forget the wedding present -- it 's behind the door in the laundry room . ( to Robert and Annie ) I get she a pasta maker from the catalogue ... not that they will know what to do with it in branton , Missouri ... probably use it as a planter . frank Diane ! diane ( whisper ) Frank 's touchy about he cousin . ( they laugh ) well , it be nice to meet you , Mr. maclean . ROBERT same here , Mrs. booker . thank you again for all you kindness . diane ah ... Diane turn to Annie . Robert instinctively step away , say goodbye to Joe and the boy ... the two woman look at each other with respect and concern . diane now , be you sure you want to drive that horse back yourself ? there be plenty of people ' round here who do that sort of thing . annie I already know the way ... and it 's not like I have a job I have to rush home for . ( Diane nod ) between you and I , I could use the time alone . Diane understand . diane and you will be all right by yourself here , ( refer to Robert and Grace ) after they have go ? Tom hear this bit of info as he pass by with the wedding present and put it in the truck . Annie make sure to avert she look . annie it 's just one night . if I get uncomfortable , I will go over to hank . diane ( double meaning ) promise ? annie promise . Diane just nod , knowingly . she extend she hand . the woman shake . diane good luck to you , Annie . annie you too , Diane . they part . Diane start give order as she get in the car : diane all right , everybody in . Frank , we all set ... camera wide as we hear the voice of departure ... see the maclean wave ... see Tom off by himself , wave ... but think of something else ... int . creek house - night in the midst of pack , Annie have make dinner for Grace and Robert . in the midst of eat , Robert ask : ROBERT should not we have invite Tom over ? grace I do . he say he have work to do until late . Annie remain silent . ext . ranch house -- night Tom exit with a small , leather satchel . he cross to he truck , toss in the satchel , get in and drive off . dissolve to : ext . barn - morning Grace enter the barn to say goodbye to pilgrim . int . barn - continuous she move to he stall and open the door . he stand there , without any fear of she . she smile and enter . she wrap she arm around he neck , pet he and whisper . grace I will see you home ... ok ? int . creek house - day everything be be pack up . Robert be dress for travel . Annie be taping up the box contain she computer equipment . annie be you go to stay in the city or go up to Connecticut ? ROBERT Connecticut . I tell the office I would work out of there next week . when be you plan to start back ? annie probably first thing in the morning . it 's too late to start now . I be go to try not to do too much drive in the dark . ROBERT May I have a suggestion ? annie yeah , what ? ROBERT take you time . annie ( innocently ) what do you mean ? Annie look up from the box to see Robert be calmly stare at she . his demeanor be different . something 's go on . annie you look like something 's wrong . this be Robert 's moment . he know it . he take a breath and hope it come out right : ROBERT I will tell you something , Annie -- I stand there look at what be happen to that horse ... and , I swear , it feel like the same thing be happen to I . annie I do not understa - ROBERT ( continue ) and I have two choice . I can either fight the way thing be , or accept they . ( Annie wait ; he smile ) see , I always know I love you more . do not bother I . I always feel lucky ... a little amaze ... that such a vibrant , beautiful woman would want to be with a man like I ... and I guess I think as long as I do everything right -- if I be the best husband I could be , the best father ... even be a good lawyer only matter to I because of what it mean for we ... if I could do all that , it would not make any difference if we love each other the same or not ... I be not ask for more . I tell myself I do not need more . ( smile ) but you do not know how you feel about I . you do not know ... if you want a life with I anymore ... ( bravely ) and I do not want you to come home until you do know ... ( the hard part ) ... one way or the other . Annie can not remember a time when she ever love she husband more than in this moment -- know what it take for he to say this . she would not disrespect it with denial . her throat be choke with tear , she swallow down . she nod . Robert nod , feel both pride and heartbreak in the same moment . he pick up he bag , kiss she goodbye and exit . ext . ranch house - day Annie and Robert walk towards the car to find Grace , lean against it -- look depressed . annie what 's the matter , honey ? gonna miss pilgrim ? grace Tom 's go . both Robert and Annie be surprised . grace smokey tell I he leave last night to look at some horse in sheriden . he will not be back for three day . I can not believe he do not want to say goodbye . annie ( hide she own distress ) well ... honey ... you know ... that 's just not he way . maybe you can write he a letter or something . say thank you ... do not think about it ... you take care and I will see you home . she embrace Grace and , over she shoulder , watch Robert enter the car . Grace follow suit . the car drive off leave Annie alone at the double divide . ext . creek house - dusk the ranch be still . Annie stand on the porch , she arm fold , vulnerable , look at the ranch . all she box be pack and stack in the room . she look over to the ranch House ... to Tom 's window . int . tom be room - dusk a light go on . Annie enter , cautiously . she 's never be in this room . she cross to the desk , touch it . she notice a tape player and push it on . music plays ... she see a small frame photo -- of Tom 's son , year ago . suddenly , she feel like a intruder . she shut the music off and exit ... int . barn - dusk Annie face pilgrim ... she gently lift she hand and caress he face . he return she gentleness . Annie be remember Robert 's word , she heart be heavy with conflict . she joke : annie why do I get the feel you know what I should do , but you be not tell I ? she hear a truck pull up ... then , a door open and close . her heart race ... ext . barn - dusk Annie exit the barn and see : Tom , walk away from the truck with the headlight leave on ... be walk right towards she . Annie begin move towards he , when they meet : tom I will not apologize for this . and I will not hide it . not for anybody . annie I will not ask you to . he take she in he arm and they kiss . ext . ranch house - night Tom lead Annie to the front door . she wait as he unlock it . int . ranch house , second floor , tom be room - night Tom lead she to he room . Annie cup he grasp on she with both hand . he open the door for she , usher she in , then close the door . he hang he hat . she turn to he . they embrace , surrender to each other 's passion . dissolve to : int . ranch - dawn camera pas from Tom 's window , bright with dawn , past he desk upon which he classical music be play , over to the two lover in bed , kissing and embrace . then : annie oh , God , what be we go to do ? I be suppose to -- tom ssshhh ... ( she stop ) stand still , Annie . take what we have get , just for now . can you do that ? beat . she nod . the permission Tom be give she act like a great burden be lift , and for the time be , she surrender and accept the gift of what they feel . they kiss . ext . the ranch - day since the ranch must continue , Tom and Annie move through a day of ranch chore -- -- tom and annie cleaning stall and feeding the horse . -- tom be try to show annie how he have to fix something . annie interrupting with her own ideas ... tom tries to explain but annie keep talking , excite by her plan ... tom laugh . int . creek house - day annie have unpacked her computer and hooked it up , showing tom how to use it . he push the throng button and make a frightened face ... annie scream , then laugh and hug he . dissolve to : they be making love on a blanket amidst of the moving box in the middle of the day . int . kitchen , ranch house - day -- annie cooking lunch in the kitchen , seeing tom working with smokey ... ext . pasture - day -- the two be eating lunch in the pasture . they be talking seriously about something ... perhap even disagreeing ... annie shake her head , not wanting to listen . they eat in silence . dissolve to : -- they be walking and discussing , holding hand ... until tom wrap he arm around her and hold her closer ... annie , burying her head in he body . ext . the mountain - day Tom and Annie , they horse pack with gear , ride across the high mountain pasture through the graze cattle ... ext . the mountain - day Annie and Tom sit overlook a breathtaking view . Tom be show she the rope trick ... she look down at they touch finger and he gently pull the rope away , still knotted , and without ever break they touch ... Annie look into he eye , understanding what this mean , raise he hand to she mouth and kiss it . she look up at he with a curious expression ; annie show I again . tom Annie ! annie one more time . ext . the mountain - dusk Annie lay asleep in Tom 's arm , under a blanket . he pick up another blanket with he free hand and shimmy it under she head , lay she down . she snuggle with the blanket and keep sleep . Tom take a moment to look at she as she sleep , gently brush she hair away from she eye . he 's deeply in love with this woman and want to keep she with he . but there be a sad resignation in he look . a confusion . he rise and walk to a stream nearby . he bend down to take some water when he hear something . he look up and see on the other side : a wild horse give birth to a foal in the tall grass . and a white stallion step in between Tom and the mare , as if protect she . Tom rise slowly to he foot . then stand stock still . he and the stallion penetrate each other . suddenly this beautiful , powerful stallion rear -- violently . Tom remain still , but clearly the horse be treat he as a invader ... it 's as if the whisperer be now be guide by the horse towards understanding . as Tom receive it , he remember ; tom ( v.o. ) summer be short here , Annie . there be not much of a fall . before you know it , the road be close ... the night get long . we begin to fade out on tom annie ( v.o. ) I do not care ! we would be together . tom ( v.o. ) two people can not just be alone together in the world . at least not we ... annie ( v.o. ) I can not do this . I can not leave you ... Voice - over have carry over into a ... dissolve to : int . creek house - night Tom and Annie make love ... annie ( v.o. ) I will not . but there be a difference in they lovemake . there 's a slowness , a reverence ... a sense of two people so bound , that they be outside of time ... they love be so strong it almost feel like despair -- they need to connect have go beyond they body and into they spirit , for which there be no earthly satisfaction . ext . creek house - morning the sun have rise . int . creek house - morning Annie awaken in bed and discover she be alone . she look around for Tom . she rise and enter the other room to discover : all she box and all she luggage have be remove . her heart sink . Tom re-enter , fully dress , to get the last box . he see on she face a look of confusion and hurt . tom I figure , whenever you decide to go , you would be all set . annie ( curt ) how thoughtful of you . and what if I decide not to go ? Tom do not know how to respond . he look away and bend down to reach for the box when Annie command : annie leave I alone ! beat . they stand awkwardly for a moment , until ; tom ( pleadingly ) Annie , please ... Tom reach to embrace she , but Annie attack he . punch he chest ... pull at he shirt as Tom try to put he arm around she ... annie no !... no !... you don't decide this !... no !... Tom 's heart be break as he manage to get he arm around she and hold she ... as she break down and softly , the rage pass ... Annie speak softly . tom ( struggle ) I do not know any other way , Annie . annie ( more adamant ) why ? suddenly ; tom you think this be easy for I !? Annie be strike by the powerful sincerity of he word ; tom it 's just happen this way sometimes . I can not explain it . but I look at you and see Grace and I see Robert , and no matter what you decide about he , I just know this be right . you life be not here and you know it . Annie look into he eye and ask , softly defiant ; annie then what have we be do ? I mean what be the point ? tom ( confuse by she question ) the point be to love each other . annie why ? as if there have to be a result ... Tom look at she and say with a almost innocent conviction : tom because we have to ... and I will never stop loving you , Annie . here . where my life be . the simplicity , and truth , of it hit Annie strongly . Annie release herself from he and turn away ... despondent . realizing the utter truth and inevitability of what he say . she start shaking she head . Tom can not hear it ... he reach for she ; tom Annie ... she turn back into he arm and they kiss passionately ... hold each other ... as if for the last time . ext . ranch house - day Tom be escort pilgrim into the trailer attach to the suburban . he look across the ranch to see the figure of Annie , stand alone , perfectly still , in the pasture , look out to the horizon ... ( reminiscent of Tom earlier in the film ) ext . the pasture - day Tom approach Annie from behind , stop a few foot away . tom Annie ? she do not answer ... as if she have find she own private place within she , at last ... a place of strength . she look as if she know what must be do ... she hear he about to walk away when she ask : annie can we go for one more ride ? Tom stop . consider this . then : tom sure . I will saddle they up . he exit . not see the tear in Annie 's eye . int . barn - day Tom enter the barn slowly . he cross to rimrock 's stall ... then stop . as if he be wait . as if he know ... then ... he hear the sound of Annie 's suburban start up . he look up and know she 's leave . he wait . ext . double divide - continuous Wide angle of Annie drive away in the suburban with the trailer . int . suburban - continuous Annie do not look back -- she eye wet with tear -- but no sob . int . barn - continuous Tom lower he head . it be not he way to say goodbye . and he be move by Annie 's know . ext . highway & road across america - day & night a montage of image of Annie travel home ... across different terrain , we see Annie drive -- miss Tom ... think of what she will decide by the time she get home . remember image of tom : -- Riding on rimrock and tipping he hat to she ... -- sitting in the pasture , stare at pilgrim . ignoring she . -- see she arrive at the ranch for the very first time . ext . a different highway or country road - day Annie drive , she continue remember ... -- she and Tom in the brand ... -- she and Tom dance around the camp fire at the cattle drive . -- she and Tom kissing in secrecy behind hank 's house the night of the barn dance ... ext . another highway or country road - day Annie continue drive and remember ; -- Annie and Tom come towards each other that first night after everyone have leave the ranch ... -- Tom open the front door to the ranch house ... suddenly we ; CUT to : int . robert house in india - a day remembered a much young Annie wait , surround by luggage , as a door open revealing a much young , more vital , very handsome Robert : ROBERT yes ? annie hi . um , there do not seem to be any hotel room available and someone tell I to come here and ask for " tubab " who might to have a place for I to stay . be you " tubab " ? ROBERT no . I be a " tubab . " annie what do you mean ? ROBERT tubab mean white man . Annie be first surprised , then embarrassed but Robert seem so charming and he smile break into a laugh , that she just nod and laugh herself . int . robert home in india - a night remembered over a meal , Robert talk excitedly of he experience . Annie be captivate . int . robert bedroom in india - a night remembered after Annie and Robert have make love , Robert sleep with he arm wrap around Annie . she lie awake , feel safe and love . fade out : ext . little bighorn national monument - twilight Annie stand where she stand when she and Grace stop here on they way to Montana ... she remove from she pocket the knotted loop he make for she , and look at it . dissolve to : ext . maclean connecticut home - day a car be drive up the driveway to the house . it stop . Robert and Grace get out as Annie exit from the front door . she look beautiful -- but in a completely different way than ever before . there be a calm center to she . a softness and a strength . she smile and walk to meet they . annie oh , I miss you . you look beautiful . grace so do you . annie how 's everything ? grace good . annie ( to Robert ) hi. ROBERT hi. they kiss as Grace watch . ROBERT be the trip okay ? annie mmm . I make good time . ( to Grace ) pilgrim 's in the back . I find a new stable , but they can not take he until tomorrow . grace great ! annie go ahead ... Grace exit excitedly o.c. Annie and Robert face each other . Robert do not know what to expect ... but he soften when Annie smile : annie I have so much to tell you . ROBERT you want to take a walk with I ? annie ( a little nervous ) where to ? ROBERT ( smile ) I do not know . let 's just go and ... we will see ... Annie nod . he reach for she hand , and Annie give it willingly ... they begin to walk away from camera ... together . Annie begin to speak , tell he what we already know . how he will react or what will happen , be unknown . but this two people will no longer avoid they life together ... somehow , they will make the effort to face it together . as camera widen , we see include in the frame , Grace and pilgrim ... as she stroke he and whisper in he ear ... and lead he for a walk ... the end