the grudge written by Stephen susco base on the film ju-on , ju-on 2 and ju-on : the grudge by takashi shimizu production draft - blue revise , January 26 , 2004 1 int . peter &amp ; maria' bedroom - day 1 fade in on maria ( late 20 ) , asleep in bed . she 's breathtakingly beautiful . Morning light fill the room . the sound of wind , and rippling cloth . Maria stir , and open she eye . she stretch contentedly . then she frown . roll over . she 's alone in the bed ? no , she 's not : peter ( 20 ) sit on the edge , he back to she . two fresh , steaming mug of coffee sit on a tray near he . maria hey . be you okay ? Peter do not turn . he slowly stand and walk forward towards a OPEN window . there 's something strange about the way he move -- stiffly , almost jerkily , strain he joint and muscle . Maria get out of bed , concerned . maria Peter ? what 's the matter ? he pause at the window . turn he head to look back at she . his eye be vacant . his face be a blank . then Peter slowly lean forward . and fall from the window . Maria stand in shock as the sound of screeching tire from outside reach she ear . then scream of terror from below . aghast , she finally manage to numbly walk forward , towards the window . we move past she and tilt down to reveal -- -- peter' body lie in the middle of the street . his head have burst open , he body break and twisted . on the pavement : a line of blood appear , move down the center of the screen . as if hit groove we cannot see -- -- the blood slowly form the shape of two kanji character . a translation appear over they : " the grudge . " 2 ext . STREET corner - day 2 a blur of movement as hundred of people stream up from a subway tunnel . most be japanese . we be not in Kansas . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 2. stand in the middle of the rush-hour pedestrian traffic be karen ( 20 , american ) . she face upstream , look for someone . the flow threaten to carry she away in a heartbeat . she look fragile , intimidate by the madness . doug ( o.s. ) Karen ! she turn to see she boyfriend doug ( 20 , american ) approach . with a reassure smile he take she hand -- -- and together , they force they way through the throng , try to escape the flow . they be jostle and crush by the crowd , and Doug protectively pull Karen closer . karen I will never get use to this . doug maybe we should find a different train station . he abruptly stop , right in the middle of traffic , still hold Karen 's hand . she turn , wonder what 's go on . she see the smile on he lip a moment before -- -- he sweep Karen into he arm and kiss she . as if the crowd of businessman surging around they be not there at all . it 's tender and loving , and she respond ... at first . but then she pull away , shy . karen a public display of affection be consider rude in Japan . there 's a open ahead into a side STREET . Doug and Karen deftly slip out of the traffic -- 2 a 2a omitted 2 b ext . tokyo STREET - day 2 b -- and walk hand - in-hand down the much quieter street , away from the crowded thoroughfare . Doug smile as they pass by two japanese high school couple , make out on the street corner . he turn to give Karen a sarcastic look -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 2a . -- but she do not notice the school kid . she 's look in the other direction , at a trickle of smoke wafting up over a nearby fence . karen what 's that ? Doug follow as she walk toward a old temple , nestle beneath a skyscraper . a collision of the ancient and modern . the fence surround a graveyard adjacent to the temple . doug we walk past this temple every day , Karen -- karen yeah , but I have never see this before . a japanese man stand before a ornate headstone , lighting a bundle of incense and bow before the grave . karen it 's a Buddhist ritual . the incense smoke carry the prayer to the spirit of he ancestor , to help they remain at peace . clink . she turn as Doug , grin , light a cigarette with he Zippo , flick it shut and pockete it . doug it 's amazing . you be like this infinite storehouse of wisdom . or trivia . I be not sure which . karen it 's not trivia . it 's what they believe . and it 's far better , by the way , than you little pollution ritual . Doug 's grin soften to a smile . he do not respond ... but the way he 's look at Karen make she curious : karen what ? he turn away for a moment , almost shyly , drop he cigarette and crush it . finally : revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 2b . doug nothing . I just -- I like that about you . you seem to be able to remember everything that 's really important . she smile . a tender moment . then ... he check he watch . doug except the time . Karen check she own watch , realize -- karen oh , crap -- she grab he hand and start to walk quickly . karen c'mon , you be gonna be late . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 3-4. 2 c ext . campus - day 2 c a international college in Tokyo . the autumn chill do not deter the student from enjoy the beautiful day . Karen and Doug , still hold hand , enter the campus . 2 cc ext . nursing care CENTER - day 2 cc Karen and Doug approach the door of a nursing care CENTER . she pull he to the side just as he 's step under a workman' ladder by the door . karen uh-uh . Seven year of bad luck . ( before Doug can respond : ) and I might have a vested interest in that year . doug be that right ? karen maybe . Doug smile , kissing she romantically . then : doug will I see you tonight ? karen I will call you when I get home . with a flourish , Doug swing himself back under the ladder . doug fourteen . I hate odd number . 2d 2d int . nursing care CENTER - day through the front door , we see Doug kiss Karen again . they finally separate , and Doug walk off . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 4a . then Karen walk through the door into a bright , atrium - like lobby area . she wave " hello " to the receptionist . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 5. lean against a desk behind reception be Karen 's boss alex ( 40s , american ) . he 's get a phone to he ear -- it 's ringing . a answering machine pick up in japanese . Alex mutter and hang up . then he notice -- alex Karen ! she 's start up a staircase in the center of the lobby . she turn and come back down , walk over to Alex . alex be you free this afternoon ? karen I just come by to pick up some book I leave here . I be not schedule to work today -- alex I know . but be you free ? do you have class ? karen ( shaking she head : ) just a test to study for . why ? Alex smile , hold out a file . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 6. alex you wish have be grant . Karen take the file and open it , look at the first page - - a picture of a older woman ( emma ) be attach . alex it 's Yoko 's case , but she do not show up for work this morning , and I can not reach she at home . she must be sick , or something . and she have the damn house key . study the file , Karen squint . karen what 's this phrase ? alex " mild dementia with severe lethargy . " apparently she sleep through most of the day . her daughter - in- law do not work , so she will probably be there . Karen seem unsure . it 's a big step for she . alex you be the one who 's be bugging I about get out there on you own . besides , it 's a English - only house . one of Alex 's co-worker appear in the doorway , motion to he . Alex quickly hand Karen a card : alex here 's the address . use the wall chart if you need help -- and do not forget to bring a map . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 7. Karen look at the address -- a string of thirty number and japanese character . she glance up at the wall chart : a color-code diagram show how the long address string be break down into postal code , prefecture , City , Ward , District , block , sub-block and House number . alex do not worry Karen , you be ready . Karen nod . but she 's not quite as confident . 3 omitted 3 4 omitted 4 4a int . rail station - day 4a people rush madly around Karen as she study a large map on the wall . it 's the Tokyo rail system -- daunt , at best . 4 b 4 b omitted 4 bb int . train - day 4bb Karen sit uncomfortably on the crowded transit car , squeeze in tightly by the people around she . the loud crying of a baby add to she discomfort . 5 ext . rail platform - day 5 the transit car pull to a stop and a handful of people get out . Karen be one of they , shoulder she backpack . 5 a 5a ext . shopping district - day Karen walk down the populate sidewalk , weaving through STREET vendor , and pass a large grocery store . she pause , look at the address on she card . she approach a woman and she daughter ( 6 ) and speak to they in japanese . the woman nod , point towards a small alley . Karen give the daughter a smile ; the girl hide behind she mother 's leg . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 7a . 6 ext . tokyo neighborhood - day 6 Karen exit the alley , enter a quiet , narrow street . she 's still not sure if she 's in the right place . but then she eye fix on something . she begin to walk towards it , she gaze never leave it -- 6a ext . the house - day 6a -- it 's the house . cozy and shade , nestle into the dead end of the street . large by Tokyo standard . she double - check the address and open the gate , walk around a bicycle lean against the wall and follow the step - stone path to the front door . she knock . no answer . she try again . nothing . then , a afterthought , she try the handle . it 's unlock . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 8. 7 int . the house - entrance - day 7 Karen poke she head inside the genkan ( entry hall ) . karen hello ? Mrs. Williams ? nothing . she tentatively step inside , and the door close behind she . it 's dark and musty -- the blind be draw . karen be anyone here ? she turn and lock the front door . 8 8 int . the house - live room - day Karen stand in the doorway , surveying the room . the place be in a complete state of disarray . a scraping sound grab Karen 's attention . her Pov : at the far end of the room , a frosted - glass paneled door lead to a adjacent room . a hand be visible on the other side , claw at the glass . Karen run over and slide open the door , revealing -- 8a int . tatami room - day 8a emma ( 60 , american ) . the older woman in the picture from Karen 's file . she 's lie on she stomach on a stain mattress , feebly look up at Karen . karen oh my God ... be you alright ? -- Karen immediately kneel down next to the infirm woman , help she sit up . Emma look daze and disorient . Karen 's eye sweep the room . it reek of neglect . 9 9 ext . the house - porch - day Emma sit on the back porch , stare vacantly . but she expression be not simply blank - there 's a odd sadness there . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 8a . Karen be wash the dirty sheet in a bucket and hang they to dry . she finish , turn to she charge . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 9. karen okay , Emma . let 's try again : my name be Karen . do you remember ? I be from the Health Center . I be substitute for Yoko , just for today . Emma do not respond -- and there 's no indication that she remember Karen introduce herself before . kneel in front of Emma , Karen notice a band - aid around one of she finger . blood have soak through it . karen look like you need a new Band - Aid . how would this happen , Emma ? ( still no reaction ) would you like a bath ? maybe that will help you feel better . Emma do not even turn towards she . 10 10 int . the house - bathroom - day Karen turn on the water , put the stopper over the drain . 11 int . the house - hallway - day 11 Karen support Emma 's weight as she lead the old woman slowly down the hallway to the bathroom entrance -- -- Emma stop at the doorway . eye fix on the tub . karen it 's okay , Emma . she take Emma 's hand and walk inside . but Emma do not budge . her free hand tightly clutch the door frame . her eye be wide . stare at the bathtub . 12 12 ext . the house - porch - day Karen use a sponge to bathe Emma , she robe roll to she waist . Emma stare absently at the sky . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 9a . 13 int . the house - live room - dusk 13 with Emma back in bed , Karen step out of the back room and slide the door shut . leans against it for a moment . a tough first day on the job . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 10 . 14 int . the house - live room - dusk 14 Karen have straighten up the room , and be vacuume the floor . something under the couch catch in the vacuum intake , jam it . she turn off the vacuum and feel underneath , pull out a crumpled photo -- rip into piece , compress in a ball . 15 int . the house - kitchen - dusk 15 Karen sit at the kitchen table , flatten and taping together the piece of the photograph . she finish . on the photo : a grin japanese boy hold a cute black cat . his mother and father stand beside he . they be all beam at the camera -- a perfect , happy family . but there 's a piece miss . the mother' face . Karen walk back into the live room . she look underneath the couch for the miss piece . can not see anything . she lay down and stick she arm under the couch , feel around . nothing . Karen stick she arm in deeper , to the shoulder , strain ... she suddenly jerk she arm back , wince . she have a small cut on she finger . Karen look under the couch for what cut she -- -- a small furniture nail stick out underneath . karen Nice one , Karen . she get to she foot , fold up the incomplete picture and stuff it into she pocket . 16 16 int . the house - entrance - dusk Karen step into the foyer with the vacuum cleaner . she look up at a railing overhead . some trash be visible stick over the edge . Karen shake she head : karen how do you get up there ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 11. she gather up the vacuum and head up to the second floor hallway . there 's a nearby door , close ( the front room ) , and a open door at the end ( the rear room ) . as she look for a outlet , she hear a scratching SOUND . Karen stand there for a moment , listen . silence . then she walk towards the open door at the end of the hall . 17 int . the house - rear room - dusk 17 Karen step inside . moving box be stack against the wall , next to a desk . it 's a unfinish room . she listen . no scratch . nothing unusual here . except -- Karen notice a lone object sit on a otherwise empty shelf . it 's a black ceramic cat . facing the wall . strange . and then Karen hear the scratching SOUND again . 18 18 int . the house - second floor hallway - dusk Karen step into the hallway and listen . there it be again , and this time there 's no doubt -- the sound be come from the room by the stair . Karen walk to the door . she pause , disturb by the eerie sound from inside . then she reach for the doorknob . thud . thud . Karen hesitates . the strange rhythmic thudding continue , come from beyond the door . karen ( nervous : ) hello ? Karen take a breath . and turn the doorknob . 19 19 int . the house - front room - dusk the sound immediately stop as Karen enter the master bedroom . it 's dark , thick blind cover the window . a frost window , overlook the foyer , be not help much . she stand there for a moment , listen . silence . then -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 12. scratch scratch . startle , she gasp and turn towards the close closet door . that 's where the sound be come from . and then she notice something strange about the closet door : it 's be seal shut with duct tape . the scratching quicken , as if sense a presence nearby . and then there 's a muffle meow . there 's a cat in there ? Karen pull off the duct tape . she reach for the door handle , slowly slide it open a crack and peer inside -- the closet seem empty , except for a large book on a shelf . Karen reach inside and pick it up . then she see , in the darken far corner of the closet , a SMALL black cat . it 's sit on something , watch she . Karen slide the door the rest of the way open -- -- revealing a young japanese boy ( age 7 ) sit in the corner , stare at Karen . the cat be curl up on he lap . startle , Karen drop the book and fall backwards . 20 20 int . the house - kitchen - night Karen be on she cell phone : karen ( into phone ) yes , he be shut in a closet ! there be tape around the -- no , they be not home yet . I do not know , Emma have not say a word to I -- he 's still upstairs -- yes , I be sure he 's japanese -- but -- yes , alright , Alex . just please get here as soon as you can . Karen hang up , put the phone down on the kitchen table . she lean against the counter , exasperate . then she attention turn to the book she find in the closet . Karen can not resist . she open it . the book be a large journal , fill with elegant japanese write . Karen flip through it , stop on -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 13. a photograph . a handsome young man , smile at the camera . we recognize he . it 's peter , from the open scene . 21 int . the house - entrance - night 21 Karen walk to the front door , reach out to unlock it -- -- but she pause , realize something . she reach into she pocket , pull out the photo she find . it only take a second to verify -- -- the boy in the photo be the one she find in the closet . Karen lower the photo , bewilder . then she look up , startle by -- the boy . he 's kneel on the second floor landing above , watch she through the bar of the metal railing . creepy . Karen take a step forward , force a smile . karen ( in japanese ) hello there . really creepy . the boy just stare at she . karen ( in japanese ) my name be Karen . what 's yours ? the boy toshio . before she can respond -- ring ! ring ! the phone in the next room startles she . 22 22 int . the house - live room - night Karen enter the room as the answering machine pick up , the voice of a happy couple on the greet ( in English ) : matthew &amp ; jennifer ( on machine ) " konnichiwa ! Matt and Jennifer be not around , leave a message . " susan ( on machine ) " hey , guy , it 's Susan . Matt , be you there ? pick up ... ( more ) revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 14 . susan ( on machine ) ( cont would ) okay , well , I be leave work now so you can try my cell , or just call I at home later . " the caller pause . Karen step closer to the phone base , curious , listen : susan ( on machine ) " I just want to make sure Mom be okay . yesterday be ... a bit weird , and -- I be just a little worried . " Karen , reluctant but realize she should pick up , reach for the phone ... ... but the phone base be empty . the cordless be miss . as Karen try to figure out how to answer with the base : susan ( on machine ) " listen , just give I a call when you can , okay ? " click . too late -- the caller hang up . silence return to the room ... but not completely . Karen hear the soft sound of whispering from nearby . Beyond she , we see a pale face ( kayako ) press against the frost window of the slide door of the tatami room . the face pull away from the glass just before Karen turn towards it . but the sound of whispering continue . as she slowly walk to the door , we can make out some word : emma ( o.s. ) ... I have tell they over and over ... I have tell they over and over ... Karen listen for a moment , then slide the door open . 23 int . the house - tatami room - night 23 it 's very dark in the room -- the light have be turn off . Emma , sit up in bed , turn towards Karen . karen Emma , who be you talk to ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 15 . that 's when Karen notice the indentation in the mattress , across from where Emma be sit . where someone else would be , if the old woman be have a conversation . Emma look up at Karen with plead eye . emma I just want she to leave I alone . Karen sit down next to she . karen you should get some rest , Emma . she help Emma lie back -- -- but as the old woman 's eye move to the ceiling , they suddenly grow wide , she mouth open in fear -- -- Karen follow she gaze , look up -- -- and she scream , fall off the mattress , back away -- a murky blackness be lowering from the ceiling . formless at first , but flow and shifting ... like a figure drape with black silk . drifting down until the shadowy " head " be only inch from Emma 's terrify face . and then the " head " slowly turn , rotate towards Karen . in the midst of the blackness be two disembodied eye . fill with a intense rage . focus directly on Karen . off Karen 's nerve -shatter scream , we ... CUT to black . 24 24 int . the house - front room - night matthew and he wife jennifer be in bed . he sleep soundly , she do not . she 's stare at the ceiling , listen to -- -- sound come in through the open bedroom door . someone move downstairs , fumble around , bump into thing . Jennifer , frustrated , let out a sigh . int . the house - entrance - morning 25 25 Matthew come downstairs , dress in a business suit . he pause to pick up some of the rubbish on the stair . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 16 . 26 int . the house - kitchen - morning 26 Jennifer watch the last drop of coffee fall into the pot . she pour herself a mug , take a big sip . look exhaust . Matthew enter , surprised to see she . matthew you be up ? jennifer mmmmmm . Matthew glance into the back room through another slide door -- the window on this one be clear , not frost like the live room . he Pov : Emma be asleep on she mattress . matthew I wonder if Mom 's okay . she 's be sleep ever since we get here . jennifer not at night . Matthew turn to she , surprised . jennifer I tell you , Matthew , you can sleep through anything . Matthew come over , kiss she . matthew I be sorry , sweetheart . it be probably just the move -- I be sure she will get back on schedule . Jennifer nod , not convinced . matthew you see my travel mug ? jennifer I do not unpack it yet . Matthew kneel down next to a pair of moving box in the corner -- ` kitchen ' write on the side . he explore it . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 17 . matthew maybe you should say something to the helper , what 's she name ? jennifer Yoko . matthew who know ? maybe there 's something she can suggest . jennifer yeah . maybe . he find he travel mug , wrap in the sport section of a american newspaper . Matthew scan it as he fill he mug . matthew I miss see this every morning . no response from he wife . he turn to see Jennifer look down at Emma through the window . Matthew walk over , put a arm around she . matthew hey , kiddo . you okay ? jennifer I go for a walk yesterday . just to explore . I get lose and could not find anyone who could speak English , who could help I . I feel so ... stupid . matthew this will get easier soon , for Mom , for all of we . I promise . she turn to he . jennifer or else ? matthew or else I will tell the company it 's just not work out , and that we be go back to the States with or without my old job . they can get someone else to crunch they number . this make Jennifer feel better . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 18. matthew but until then -- promise I you will give it a good try , okay Jen ? jennifer deal . 27 ext . the house - morning 27 the door open and Matthew walk outside , stop to look at a familiar bicycle , lean against the house near the door . matthew be this Yoko 's bike ? jennifer I think so . matthew it 's be here all night . Matthew roll the bike from the porch to the gate , lean it against the wall ( where we see it earlier ) . he turn back to Jennifer , give she a kiss . matthew I will probably be home late , maybe around nine or so . Jennifer give he a look . jennifer I know you would forget . Matthew pause , look back blankly . Jennifer just smile . jennifer dinner , you sister ? at seven ? matthew oh yeah . right . jennifer you be go to cook . matthew I have a big conference . they usually run long . Jennifer roll she eye . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 19 . jennifer I will do the shopping . just call I if you be go to be late . she go back inside , close the door . 28 int . grocery store - day 28 Jennifer stand by a cart , look pale under the stark fluorescent lighting . she also look shell - shocked . her Pov : before she be a wall of japanese product . barely a lick of English on any of the brightly - color package . Jennifer be , in a word , clueless . she look around for assistance -- but she 's lose in a whirl of japanese face . she tentatively reach towards a bowl - shape package . Studies the japanese write . stealing a glance around she , she quietly tear open a corner of the bowl . peek inside . sniff it . she smile . 29 29 int . the house - live room - day close on the same package , a microwaveable soup bowl , now open with a spoon stick out of it . resting , with a glass of water , atop the kotatsu table . pan to reveal a pair of foot on the lip of a moving BOX next to the table . it 's Jennifer , asleep on the couch . a clatter sound wake she , follow by the sound of footstep run away . we pull back as Jennifer see she bowl , and the glass next to it , have be knock over . she sit up , look into the tatami room . Emma sit on the edge of she mattress , stare blankly at she . Jennifer get up , sternly walk over . jennifer if you need something , all you have to do be say so -- she stop short as she see ... footprint . form from the broth , and noodle , of she spill soup . they be the footprint of a child . and they lead away from the back room , down the main hallway . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 20 . Jennifer look back up to see Emma watch she . 30 int . the house - entrance - day 30 Jennifer follow the damp footprint . they be get lighter , and cease altogether in the foyer . she stand there for a moment , bewilder . then she tense , as if sense she 's be watch . she slowly turn to see -- -- a black cat . sitting on the first landing of the stair . stare at she with bright yellow eye . as Jennifer take a step towards it -- two child hand reach around the corner , and pick up the cat , pull it out of view . Jennifer freeze . jennifer who 's -- who 's there ? no response . she walk up the stair and look around the corner . nothing there . she take a deep breath , and start to climb . 31 31 int . the house - second floor hallway - day reaching the top , Jennifer catch a glimpse of a familiar boy run into the front room . she slowly walk towards the open door -- we can not see inside the room from the hallway . but she pause as she hear -- thud . thud . the same rhythmic thumping that Karen hear . after a moment , Jennifer step inside the room , disappear from we sight . we hear she suddenly draw a gasp . a beat . as we drift closer to the doorway , we notice something strange : the room appear to be grow darker . a sharp breathing can be hear from inside ... quick , panicked gulp of air . grow faster . just as we reach the doorway , the harsh breathe stop . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 20a . a moment of stillness . then the door be slammed shut from the inside . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 21. 32 int . the house - entrance - night 32 Matthew enter from work , jacket sling over he shoulder . matthew ( call out ) sorry I be late , it take awhile to wrap thing up . he leave he briefcase by the door and turn to the hall -- -- notice the house be completely dark . matthew Jen ? Susan ? 33 33 int . the house - live room - night Matthew turn on the light . the room have revert to its messy state , even worse than before . he look down at a picture , formerly hang on the wall , now lie on the ground . the glass be break . matthew what the hell ? -- he quickly go to the back room . Emma sit on the edge of she bed , daze and stare . in the darkness . matthew Mom ? be you alright ? no answer . he kneel down next to she . matthew where 's Jennifer , Mom ? still nothing . he survey the mess in the room . angrily : matthew do Yoko come today , Mom ? remember ? the pretty girl ? he get to he foot , look at the spill soup in the live room , now harden and crusty . 34 int . the house - second floor hallway - night 34 over the railing : Matthew re-enter the foyer , look up . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 22. matthew Jen ? be you up there ? he climb up the stair , walk to -- 35 int . the house - front room - night 35 Matthew stand in the doorway of the dark room . he try the light switch . nothing happen . matthew dammit . he slowly enter , feel he way through the room . we can barely make he out in the darkness ... we see the shape of the bed by a window ... Matthew feel he way to a table next to the bed . switch on a small lamp -- -- jennifer be right next to he . lying in bed , stare wide - eye at the ceiling . Matthew , startle , fall backwards . matthew Jennifer ? what be it -- Matthew rush to she , shaking she . she 's unresponsive . the only sign she 's alive be that her fearful eye slowly fix on he . her mouth open , as if she 's try to speak . matthew what 's wrong ? what happen ??? she try harder to form word , but can only produce a croak . matthew I will ... I will call a ambulance ... 36 36 int . the house - kitchen - night Matthew run into the kitchen grab a large book on one of the move box . the japanese equivalent of a yellow page . he whip it open -- hardly a word of English in it . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 23. 37 int . the house - live room - night 37 a stack of book sit on the very top of a tall bookshelf . scissor and a roll of duct tape rest atop they . Matthew push everything aside to get at a japanese / english dictionary underneath . the duct tape fall to the floor . he tear across the room to the phone base -- but the cordless phone be miss . matthew dammit ! 38 int . the house - front room - night 38 Matthew re-enter , out of breath . he sit next to Jennifer , who have not move . put a hand on she chest to make sure she 's still breathe . she be . matthew Jesus Christ ... he look through the dictionary , find the word he need : matthew ` ambulance ' ... " kyukyusha " . then he quickly rip open the yellow page -- -- see , in plain English , `emergency ' on the first page . below that : ` FIRE / ambulance -- dial 119 ' . he drop the book and reach across the bed for a phone , on a table at the far side -- -- the boy ( toshio ) stand up , between Matthew and the phone . but he look different from before : he skin be discolor , he lip and eye be ringed and sullen . matthew who be you ? what -- what be you do here ? toshio make a strange SOUND . look at Jennifer , then turn to Matthew , snarling at he like a cat . Matthew , shocked , fall backwards off the bed , hit the table with the lamp . it drop to the ground -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 24 . -- and toshio' shadow , cast by the fall light , begin to stretch and grow across the ceiling . the shadow creep over Jennifer , shifting and come towards Matthew -- -- Matthew grab the lamp . he reach it , hold it up -- at first , it look like both Jennifer and toshio have disappear . but then -- -- Jennifer , suddenly back on the bed , sit upright , jerkily , as if she 's be yank up and forward . her mouth be wide and gasp -- -- and then she fall back onto the bed . Dead . Matthew , stunne , back away from the bed , against the closet . terrify , he do not notice -- -- the thud thud sound grow around he . then -- -- toshio' head come into frame behind he . Matthew hear a growling SOUND and turn , see toshio right there ! -- 39 39 int . the house - entrance - night the doorbell ring . then a few more time . susan ( american , late 20 ) enter , with two bottle of wine . susan hello ? she kick off she shoe . susan you guy in the kitchen ? 40 40 int . the house - kitchen - night Susan walk in , put the wine on the table . look around . susan ( call out : ) I think you guy be gonna cook ! she go into the back room . sit next to Emma . susan hi , Mom . how be you feel ? Emma turn to she with she usual vacant look . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 24a . there 's a creak from above . Susan look up at the ceiling . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 25 . susan I guess I come at a bad time , huh ? 41 int . the house - entrance - night 41 twist a corkscrew into a wine bottle , Susan lean into the foyer , yell upstairs : susan I will give you guy one minute to finish whatever you be do up there and get you butt down here . as she head back towards the kitchen , we crane up to see -- matthew . he 's walk down the second floor hall . he look different : the expression on he face be troubled , occupy . and he 's drag he dead wife 's body . by the hair . he pull she inside the rear room -- the doorway look more impose , more ominous , than before . it 's dark and malevolent , the threshold to a secret that will not stay bury . we crane back down to see Susan in the kitchen . she 's pour a glass of wine and sigh impatiently . she walk back down the hall into the foyer . susan I mean it , guy . silence from upstairs . shake she head : susan well , I warn you . prepare to be emotionally scar . she start up the stair and turn the first corner -- -- matthew be sit there , hand on he knee , look harry . Susan yelp . susan Matthew ! do not scare I like that ! he 's shaking slightly . his eye drift up to hers . susan what 's go on ? where 's Jennifer ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 26. matthew she go out . something come up . susan I hope she 's not long . I be absolutely starve . Matthew look back down at he foot . Susan misread : susan I know it . you guy forget to go shopping , do not you ? Matthew abruptly stand . loom over he sister . matthew I be sorry . this be a bad time . susan be you okay ? what 's go on ? matthew you should go . he move forward , right into she . his momentum push Susan back into the foyer . she hold onto he shirt : susan do something happen ? what 's -- Matthew 's hand suddenly tighten on her shoulder . his eye grow wide , fill with anger , as he whisper fiercely -- matthew she do not love I ... she never love I ... Susan watch as he repeat himself , over and over . grow scared , she finally shake he . susan what be you talk about ? Matthew slowly look up . malice on he face . he step forward . Susan back away . susan stop it , Matthew . matthew leave I alone . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 27 . susan Matthew , please -- matthew ( yell ) go away !!! Susan fumble with the front door . she get it open and run out just before Matthew reach she . on matthew : he stand there , head tilt down , for a moment . then he straighten . slowly close the front door . Matthew head back upstairs . he reach the second floor and open the door to the rear bedroom . the room beyond be dark . but a dark figure be visible , stand in the far corner , face Matthew . he step inside , and the door slowly swing shut behind he . 42 42 ext . the house - day it 's a overcast afternoon . swollen cloud hang low over the House . it look a bit more impose than usual . the mailbox be adorn with the japanese equivalent of a " for sale " sign -- weather - wear , and look like it 's be there for year . suzuki ( 30 , japanese ) , a Real estate agent , wait by the gate . then he notice something . wave , and smile . it 's susan , approach with matthew , jennifer and emma . Susan shake suzuki 's hand and they exchange a greeting in japanese . she turn to she brother . susan this be suzuki-san , he 's the Real estate broker . suzuki bow at Matthew and Jennifer , say something . matthew what do he say ? susan he say : " welcome to Tokyo " . and that you must be very important to you company for they to rent this place for you . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 28. Matthew grin . Susan roll she eye . 43 int . the house - entrance - day 43 everyone enter , check the place out . suzuki and Susan slip off they shoe . as Matthew step into the foyer : susan you shoe . matthew oh. right . he kneel down , untying he shoe . Jennifer look perplex . jennifer even in we own house ? susan even in you own house . suzuki smile as Matthew and Jennifer take off they shoe . Susan say something to he in japanese and he laugh . they walk down the hall , and Matthew and Jennifer follow . 44 44 int . the house - live room - day suzuki open the blind , let some light into the place . it 's not help much -- it 's still pretty dreary . matthew be not the layout great ? wait `till you see the back room . it 's perfect for Mom -- she will not have to deal with the stair . Jennifer follow he through the room . she do not look quite as enthusiastic . Matthew slide open the door lead to the tatami room . matthew her bed will not be here until next week , but we can put the mattress on the floor . what do you think ? Jennifer warm a bit . the wooden room be beautiful . Susan ask suzuki a question in japanese , and he respond . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 29 . susan he say no one have live in this house for three year . jennifer why ? Susan ask suzuki in japanese . he shrug . suzuki ( try he English : ) ex-pen-sive . Matthew suddenly realize : matthew where 's Mom ? we slowly crane up to the second floor hall , move towards the rear room at the end . the door be ajar . 44 a 44a int . the house - second floor hallway - day Susan come up the stair , worried . susan Mom ? where be you ? 44 b int . the house - front room - day 44 b Susan look inside -- Emma be not there . she 's about to leave when something catch she attention . she walk to the closet . the door be open . Susan kneel down , look at something inside it . she pick it up -- -- it 's the ceramic cat Karen find earlier . as Susan examine it , she notice something on the wall of the closet ( which we do not see ) . her face soften , and she smile . matthew ( o.s. ) do you get she ? susan ( under she breath : ) take a pill , will ya ? Susan stand and walk out of the room . but we stay in the closet , panning to reveal the closet wall . it 's cover with black crayon , low to the ground , the work of a child . the image be dozen of black cat . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 29a . 45 int . the house - rear room - day 45 Emma stand in the dead center of the empty bedroom . look directly up at the ceiling . Susan enter , place the ceramic cat on the shelf where Karen find it earlier . except Susan face it into the room . susan c'mon , Mom . you know what the doctor say about stair . she take Emma 's hand , but the old woman do not move . Matthew and Jennifer enter , worried . matthew she okay ? susan Mom ? what be it ? everyone follow she gaze to the ceiling . only Emma have the unmistakable look of dread on she face . a long beat . 46 46 int . the house - hallway - day suzuki walk from the kitchen into the hallway , give the place one final look - over . he pause by the open bathroom door . look inside . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 30 . 47 int . the house - bathroom - day 47 suzuki enter , look at the tub : fill to the brim . after a moment , suzuki kneel down next to the bathtub . he pull the thin chain connect to the rubber stopper -- -- but the end of the chain come out of the water . hmmm . it 's not connect after all . suzuki eye the plug at the bottom of the tub . then he take off he jacket . roll up he shirt sleeve . and reach into the water for the rubber stopper . it 's just out of reach . he roll up he sleeve a little more . reaches deeper -- -- suddenly there 's a burst of SOUND : a dull thumping , something thrashing in water , the scream of a young boy , voice muffled by water -- -- suzuki recoil as water splashes up around he -- -- he fall away from the tub in horror , landing on he butt . the bathtub : fill to the brim . still and silent . not so much as a ripple on the surface . that could not have just be he imagination , could it ? as he slowly stand , he see something out of the corner of he eye -- -- a dead cat , bloody and tear , in the corner of the room . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 30a . as suzuki back away from it , eye widen in horror , he 's startle by -- matthew , stand in the doorway . beam at he . matthew it 's perfect . we will take it . suzuki look back to the corner . there 's no dead cat . a ringing SOUND come into focus -- the beeping of a phone , wait for someone to pick up and make the connection ... 47a omitted 47a revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 31 . 47 b omitted 47 b 47 c omitted 47c 48 int . office build - susan be floor - night 48 it 's after-hour in this office space : cubicle fill the center , surround by glass - window office . the glitter light of the Tokyo cityscape beyond show a hell of a view . one light still burn in a office towards the end -- -- susan's office . she 's work late . she wear a phone headset while she type line of code into she computer . no one 's answer . a familiar answer machine pick up : matthew &amp ; jennifer ( on machine ) " konnichiwa ! Matt and Jennifer be not around , leave a message . " susan ( into phone ) hey , guy , it 's Susan . Matt , be you there ? pick up ... okay , well , I be leave work now so you can try my cell , or just call I at home later . she pause . leans back , away from the keyboard . susan ( into phone ) I just want to make sure Mom be okay . yesterday be ... ( more ) revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 32. susan ( into phone ) ( cont would ) a bit weird , and -- I be just a little worried . listen , just give I a call when you can , okay ? she hang up , take the headset off . concerned . 49 int . office build - 10 th floor hall - night 49 Susan walk through the hallway . she hear a strange scraping sound -- it sound as though something be be drag . Susan turn around , but the hallway look normal . be it just she imagination ? the sound start again , come closer . Susan get scared and open the door to the emergency stairwell beside she . 49 a 49 a int . stairwell - 10 th floor - night the hallway be chilly -- Susan shiver . she 's about to start walk down when she look up , notice the light at the top floor flickering . a wind suddenly blow through the center of the stairwell with a eerie roar . Susan look disconcert as she start walk down ... then we hear the scraping SOUND again . startle , Susan pause and look down , over the railing . there 's nothing there -- but the sound continue , grow louder , like something be move up towards she . susan ( call out : ) be anybody there ? just then , the light on the top floor finally go out . Susan 's breath catch in she throat as she look up -- the light on the next floor go out . and the next . the darkness above grow closer with each darken floor . Susan nervously look back down -- the scraping be even closer . and then , for a instant , she see a skinny pale hand on the railing two floor down . terrify , Susan start to back up -- but stop as she realize that the darkness from above be almost upon she . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 32a. then Susan see a fingertip of the hand at the corner of the floor where she stand , and a head cover with black hair slowly crawl up on the wall . Susan 's mouth open in a silent screen . with nowhere to escape , she open the same door and rush back into the hallway -- 49 b omitted 49 b revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 33. 49 c omitted 49c 49 cc int . office build - 10 th floor hall - night 49cc -- but she lucky rabbit' foot get catch on the door latch . panick , Susan struggle to free herself -- through the crack , she see the darkness continue to come down . the light on Susan 's floor flicker . Susan look up to see a pale boy on the landing to the higher floor . the same boy be also stand on the landing of each floor above . they be all stare down at Susan . Susan scream as she desperately try to yank she chain free ... and then she see the pale hand clutching she rabbit 's foot ! the door shut , and Susan fall backwards into the hallway . she jump to she foot and run down the hall . 50 omitted 50 51 omitted 51 revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 34 . 52 omitted 52 52a omitted 52a 53 int . office build - security room - night 53 a cramped room . Susan stand in the doorway , animatedly talk to a young security guard sit at a desk line with video monitor . she 's speak rapidly , and shaking : susan ( in japanese ) in the stair ... there be ... something ... a strange person ... all the light be go out ... the Guard do not understand she -- in she panic , Susan 's mispronouncing her word , and she know it . Susan take a breath , frustrated and frighten . susan ( plead , in English ) please . help I . the Guard stand , place a reassure hand on she shoulder . guard ( in japanese ) I will take a look . wait here . the Guard leave . Susan do not look thrilled to be alone . 54 omitted 54 54 a 54a omitted omitted 54 a 54aa 54 ab int . 10 th floor hall - night 54ab holding a flashlight , the Guard walk down the hallway , check the door . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 35 . 54 b int . office build - security room - night 54 b Susan take a breath and sit down , try to relax . it 's obvious that she feel safer , here in the Security room . then she notice movement on one of the security monitor -- on the screen : -- the guard continue down the 10 th floor hall , stop at the door to the stairwell . Susan lean toward the monitor for a better view . on the screen : the Guard open the stairwell door and lean inside , check it out . on susan : she eye be glue to the screen . wait . on the screen : the Guard , find nothing out of the ordinary , close the door and continue on down the hall . susan lean back , exhaling . relieved . then the video crackle with a sudden quick burst of static . and Susan gasp , sit upright , as she see -- on the screen : the stairwell door open again . and then -- -- something dark move out of the stairwell , enter the hallway . on susan : she recoil from the screen in horror , unable to tear she gaze away . her mouth open in a silent scream , she eye widen as she watch -- -- and then she find the strength to get to she foot . 55 55 int . office build - foyer - night Susan burst out of the security room and run through the empty lobby , towards the front door . 56 omitted 56 56 a ext . office build - night 56 a Susan rush out of the front door and run to the street . she frantically hail a cab and get in . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 35a. 56 b int . taxi - night 56 b Susan press herself in the corner of the back seat , purse clutch tightly in she white knuckle . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 36 . a shifting wash of color flood the taxi : the neon light of the surround building tower above , threaten to swallow she whole . 57 int . susan's build - night 57 Susan rush through the front door , clutching she purse strap with both hand . shaken , just want to get home . she run to the elevator and jab the button for she floor . 58 int . elevator - night 58 Susan try to regain she composure as the elevator rise . she close she eye and lean against the wall -- -- not notice a familiar pale japanese boy look at she through the window of every floor she pass -- toshio . he 's stand closer to the window with each floor . until finally , he 's right next to the glass -- the elevator stop at she floor : no little boy this time . 59 int . hallway - night 59 Susan get out of the elevator , move quickly to she apartment at the end of the hall . she chance a look over she shoulder as she put the key in she lock . then she go in and close the door . 60 int . susan's apartment - night 60 Susan enter . she take a long , deep breath . safe at home . she sit at she kitchen table , lay she purse down . her eye go to the broken chain still hang from the strap , with some rabbit 's foot fur lodge in the link . Susan 's home phone ring , and she jump . she stare at it for a moment , then tentatively answer : susan ( into phone ) hello ? matthew ( phone ) it 's I . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 36a. there 's something strange about he voice : it 's oddly flat , without inflection . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 37 . susan ( into phone ) Matthew ! be you alright ? matthew ( phone ) I be downstairs . what number be you again ? susan ( into phone ) 702 . I will buzz you in . she press a button on the phone , and be about to hang up -- almost immediately there 's a loud knock at she door . she get to she foot , surprised . how do he get up so fast ? Susan go to the door and look through the peephole . her Pov : Matthew 's face , distort by the fish- eye glass . he 's look into the peephole , with a sneer on he face . Susan open the door . susan I do not know what you be up to , but this be not cool -- she catch she breath . there's no one there . then the phone emit the throaty croaking sound . quickly grow louder and louder ... Susan cry out and drop the phone . it break OPEN on the hallway floor as Susan slam she apartment door . 61 61 int . susan's apartment - night Susan quickly draw the chain lock . then she build the courage to step forward , and look through the peephole -- her Pov : the phone lie break in the middle of the floor . otherwise , the hallway be empty . Susan back away from the door , shaking in fright . breathe hard , she back into -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 38. 62 int . susan's apartment - bedroom - night 62 Susan enter , turn off she cell phone and unplugge the bedroom phone from the wall . then she retreat to the safety of she bed , eye on -- the apartment door , next to the kitchen . silence . Susan 's breathe slow . but she look around the room , still anxious -- it 's too quiet in here . her panic build . but she 's alone in the room , be not she ? as we move in on Susan , the room start to become quieter . the SOUND of traffic from outside , the humming refrigerator in the kitchen ... everything fade to a stifling silence . and Susan notice , all right . her breath , now suddenly loud , catch in she throat . a long moment of silence . then -- -- drip . drip . it 's come from the kitchen sink . Susan stare at it . she finally stand , and -- 62 a 62a int . susan's apartment - night -- slowly walk into the kitchen . she reach out and turn the faucet handle . tighten it . the drip stop . relieved , Susan turn away -- -- drip . drip . it begin again . louder , more intense . scare , Susan turn back to the sink . Water be now gushing out from the faucet , fill up a bowl in the sink . she slowly reach out a hand and turn the faucet , as tightly as she can manage -- -- tighter ... tighter ... strain with the effort .. until the water stop . only then do she let go -- -- just then , a child pale hand quietly rise to the surface from water in the bowl , and start violently splashing the surface . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 38a. Susan scream and run back to she bedroom -- 62 b int . susan's apartment - bedroom - night 62 b she lie down , shiver , pull the quilt to she chin . a final retreat . susan please ... stop it ... the splashing sound in the kitchen continue for a while . then , it suddenly stop . Susan be so terrify that she almost faint . then she breathe stop . her eye widen . her hand reach up under she pillow , feel around -- -- and she come out with her lucky rabbit' foot . the one she leave behind in the stairwell . Susan suddenly cry out , she head tilting back , she body abruptly go stiff . we soon see why : a lump begin to rise at the foot of the bed . a big one . move slowly up Susan 's body . reaching the edge of the quilt , which slowly rise -- -- revealing a quick flash of the pale face of the japanese woman with long dark hair on top of she ! Susan scream , and be abruptly pull under the cover -- CUT to black . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 39 . 63 int . the house - live room - night 63 Dark and still . lying in wait . completely silent , except -- -- someone 's knocking on the front door . 64 int . the house - second floor hallway - night 64 they be still knocking . 65 int . the house - entrance - night 65 apparently , whoever 's knocking be not go to give up -- -- the door handle jiggle . but it 's lock . 66 66 ext . the house - kitchen - night Karen 's cell phone lay on the table in the foreground . Beyond be the hallway , and the front door . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 40 . the knock have stop . silence . then Karen 's cell phone suddenly light up , ringing . it ring four time , then go to voice mail . 67 int . the house - bathroom - night 67 a new SOUND break the silence : movement outside . crunch footstep on gravel , someone brush past tree limb . a shadow fall over the window . a face look inside -- -- it 's alex , Karen 's boss . he walk away from the window and continue down the side of the house -- -- we track down the hallway , past the bathroom , through the kitchen , follow he progress into -- the back room : Alex be visible through the slide door lead to the back porch . he peer inside . he Pov : a figure cover head - to - toe in a white sheet lie on the mattress . unmove . Alex try the slide door -- it 's open . he step inside . alex Karen ? silence greet he . he stare down at the figure in the bed . Alex lick he lip , nervous . finally walk to the mattress , kneel down next to it . raise a hand and grab the sheet . raise it over the head -- -- it 's Emma . as we last see she , eye on the ceiling , mouth and eye wide open in fear . but now it 's clear , from the tache noire in the eye , the blanch skin , the rigidity of she body : she 's dead . Alex fall back onto he butt , stare at Emma . he pull himself away from the corpse -- -- and freeze . there 's something right behind he . he whirl around -- -- it 's karen . in the corner , look pale and daze . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 41. 68 ext . the house - night 68 two police car and a ambulance be park out front . a unmarked car pull up , and detective nakagawa ( 40s ) exit the passenger side . he look up at the House with dread . the driver , detective igarashi ( 30 ) , move next to he . igarashi ( in japanese ) I can handle this myself , you know . it 's just a routine call . I do not know why you want to come . he turn to nakagawa , await a response . he do not get one . nakagawa just stare up at the House . 69 69 int . the house - later the house feel completely different : all the interior light be on , a few police officer mill about , two emt wheel emma's body out the front door on a gurney . Alex sit at the kitchen table , frazzle . he turn to -- -- karen . she 's sit in the live room , wrap in a blanket , be attend to by a female nurse and speak with nakagawa and igarashi , who be take note on a pad . Karen say something and the detective look over at Alex . then he speak to the nurse , who help Karen to she foot . nakagawa and igarashi enter the kitchen . in perfect English : nakagawa I be detective nakagawa . this be detective igarashi , my assistant . alex be Karen okay ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 42. nakagawa she be very shake . we would like she to stay in the hospital tonight , under evaluation . he hand Alex a wedding picture of matthew and jennifer . nakagawa do you know this people ? alex Matthew Williams , and he wife Jennifer . he 's Emma 's son , the woman Karen come here to see . nakagawa when be the last time you see he ? alex I meet they when they come to register . it 's standard procedure , though the visit be arrange by he employer . he work at -- nakagawa we have speak with he employer . he do not show up for work today . something about this give Alex pause . nakagawa speak briefly to igarashi in japanese , then hand Alex a card . nakagawa if you could please come by tomorrow to make a statement , the address be there , at the bottom -- alex ( realize ) Yoko . nakagawa I be sorry ? alex Karen be a substitute -- Yoko be the girl who be normally in charge of Emma . she 's also be miss from work . nakagawa for how long ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 42aa . alex for the last two day . nakagawa and igarashi exchange a look . alex I think I see she bike outside . nakagawa head for the front door as igarashi continue to interview Alex . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 42a. 70 ext . the house - night 70 nakagawa stand outside by the front gate , look at -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 43. -- yoko' bicycle . he look down at it , frown . then he suddenly cock he head . as if sense something . he turn to look up at a window on the second floor . it 's empty . 71 int . the house - live room - night 71 igarashi stand by the answering machine . the message counter read ` 1 ' . he press play . susan's message replay , and he listen carefully . as it end , he turn to see nakagawa stand in the doorway . igarashi ( in japanese ) that 's Matthew 's sister . he show nakagawa a photo of Matthew and Susan , brother and sister , grin at the camera . igarashi ( in japanese ) this must be she . the look on nakagawa 's face be grave . nakagawa ( in japanese ) call she at work , then at home . if no one answer , send someone to -- he trail off , look down at -- -- the phone base . the cordless phone be miss . nakagawa reach down , press the ` locate ' button . a distant beeping SOUND can be hear . everyone in the room stop what they be do . they listen . 72 72 int . the house - entrance - night nakagawa and igarashi enter from the hallway , follow by they man . they look up to the second floor . the beeping be definitely come from upstairs . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 44 . 73 int . the house - rear room - night 73 nakagawa and igarashi come upstairs , they man follow close behind . they pause in the hallway for a moment . then nakagawa walk into the rear room ( Matthew 's office ) . the beeping be close . he stand there , in the center of the room , listen . then he look up , at the ceiling . everyone follow suit . nakagawa turn to the close closet door . 74 int . closet - night 74 he quickly pull open the door . the closet be empty . nakagawa look up , peer into the darkness . he Pov : the attic panel yawn wide open . and right next to it be four long groove in the ceiling . as if something be drag across it , right to the edge . something like fingernails . nakagawa lean out , look at igarashi . nakagawa ( in japanese ) I need you flashlight . 75 75 int . attic - night a shaft of light from the flashlight through the open attic access cut through the thick darkness . nakagawa appear , pull himself up into the attic . he swing he flashlight slowly around the room . igarashi come up next to nakagawa just as the detective 's flashlight stop on something . a beat as they exchange a uneasy look . then nakagawa and igarashi crawl through the darkness towards the far corner of the space . two body be tuck into the corner . matthew and jennifer . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 45 . igarashi ( in japanese ) God ! nakagawa sit in front of the body , examine they . igarashi ( in japanese ) what the hell ... what be go on ? nakagawa see the beep cordless phone a few foot away . something next to it attract nakagawa 's interest . we can not see what it be , but there 's some deep red in it , and something very white -- igarashi ( in japanese ) what be that ? -- nakagawa 's eye widen as he realize what he 's look at . 76 76 ext . the house - night the police car outside have attract a small crowd . the two body be be load into a police van . nakagawa stand with the coroner . the coroner' assistant , wear a face mask and rubber glove , approach . he hold something small , wrap in a bloody white sheet . the coroner slowly unfold the sheet . we can not see what he 's look at -- but it elicit quite a reaction . coroner ( in japanese ) who do this belong to ? nakagawa ( in japanese ) we do not know . the coroner quickly re-cover the object . coroner ( in japanese ) I can use the blood to help identify the person . as the coroner and he assistant walk away : nakagawa ( in japanese ) be it possible that someone could live without ... that ? the coroner turn back , he face pale . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 45a . coroner ( in japanese ) I certainly hope not . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 46 . nakagawa turn away to see igarashi approach , talk into a cell phone . he look disturb . as he hang up : igarashi ( in japanese ) someone just report another death . it 's not in we district ... but I think we should check it out . nakagawa realize something 's troubling he partner . nakagawa ( in japanese ) why ? igarashi ( in japanese ) the cause of death be not clear ... but it be the man who sell they this house . 77 77 ext . tokyo STREET - day close on the spin wheel of a bicycle . a familiar one . the pedal be be pump by a beautiful young japanese woman -- this be yoko ( early 20 ) . Yoko turn , riding down a small side street . it end , and she round a corner stop in front of -- 77 a ext . the house - day 77a Yoko open the gate and walk she bike to the front door , lean it against the wall nearby ( exactly where we see Matthew bump into it earlier ) . she ring the door buzzer . wait . she seem to have expect this : she pull a key from she pocket , with a plastic label on it . 78 78 int . the house - entrance - day Yoko step inside . she instinctively slip off she shoe . she call out , in decent English : yoko hi , excuse I ? there 's a small envelope with yoko' name rest on a small table by the door . she take it , open it . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 46a. the letter say , simply : " out for a walk , back later . " revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 47 . yoko Emma ? it 's Yoko . I be come in . 79 int . the house - live room - day 79 the house be the least " move - into " that we have see so far : although the main furniture be in place , moving box be stack in every room , in various stage of unpack . but there 's also a unusual amount of mess in the house -- a disarray , much like the open sequence , that be not exactly related to move in . Yoko survey the room , dismay by the mess . then she see emma at the far end of the live room , she back to Yoko . she 's look down at something in she hand . yoko hi , Emma . it 's good to see you again . Emma turn . look blankly at Yoko , who approach . realizing the woman do not remember she : yoko my name be Yoko . the old woman still give no sign of recognition . Yoko gently take she arm . yoko you should be in bed -- then she see what Emma be look at : the roll of duct tape . she 's cut she finger on the serrate cut blade . yoko ( in japanese ) you should not be play with this ! shake she head , Yoko take the duct tape and look around for a place where Emma can not get at it -- -- she put the tape on the stack of book at the top of the bookshelf , next to the scissors ( where Matthew find they ) . 80 80 omitted 81 omitted 81 revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 48. 81a int . the house - entrance - day 81a from the entrance , we see Yoko come out of the kitchen hold a tray with a teapot and cup . she walk into the back room , look down at Emma 's bed . the old woman must be asleep : Yoko gently lay down the tray , quietly step out of the room and slide the door shut . then Yoko move through the live room to the phone base -- -- she pick up the cordless , finally where it belong . Yoko dial a number as she walk into the entrance hall . she begin a conversation ( in japanese ) as she look at the scattered rubbish on the ground , shaking she head . she climb up to the second floor , pause to kneel and pick up some piece of crumpled paper , chat all the while . thud . thud . Yoko pause , turn towards the open door to the front room . the rhythmic thumping continue . 82 omitted 82 83 omitted 83 84 int . the house - front room - day 84 the room be a mess . the bed be unmade , clothes be strewn on the floor . look like a storm sweep through it . Yoko stand in the doorway , listen for the thumping sound . but they have stop . she finish she call and hang up . sigh . she stick the cordless phone into she pocket and start to clean the room . as Yoko straighten the bedspread , she hear something . pause . and we hear it too -- -- a familiar throaty croaking SOUND . quiet and muffle . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 49 . Yoko , a bit unnerve by the strange sound , pull a small mp3 player and headphone from she pocket . she put they on , and go back to work . 84 a int . the house - second floor hallway - day 84aa Yoko back into the hallway , hum along to the music . preoccupy , she do not notice as -- the door to the rear room , at the end of the dark hall behind she , slowly swing OPEN . Yoko turn and walk down the hall towards it . 84a int . the house - rear room - day 84a Yoko enter the room , which be also a mess . the moving box be tumble about the small room . she sigh . then she notice the ceramic cat on the shelf , facing her ( where Susan leave it ) . apparently she 's not a big fan of feline : she uneasily turn it to face the wall instead . Yoko turn back to the room , stare to stack the move box ( the way we see they before ) . as she do -- -- she pause again . the music in she headphone start phasing , digital noise creep in ... Yoko take off the headphone . stare at they . and then there 's another croaking SOUND . from close by . Yoko draw a breath , quickly look up -- -- at the ceiling , directly above she . that 's where the horrible sound be come from . freak out , Yoko back away , and open the bedroom door -- 85 85 int . the house - second floor hallway - day -- the hallway be completely dark . a unnatural blackness . the skylight above , which be previously fill with sunlight , be now completely opaque . Yoko stand in the doorway , scared , afraid to step into the darkness . then she look down -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 49a . her Pov : the murky blackness of the hall seem to be slowly creeping in , phantomlike , around the edge of the door . 86 int . the house - rear room - day 86 Yoko stumble back into the room . her eye fix on -- -- the doorway : the creep darkness be now come in around all side , not just the bottom . Yoko back up to the bed , still clutching the cordless phone . she look back at the door , suddenly crying out -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 50 . -- a black cat sit in the doorway . tail wrap around itself , sit perfectly still , like a statue . stare at Yoko with its yellow eye . something unnatural about it . Yoko back away towards the closet . nowhere to go . the cat suddenly hiss at her -- -- and that 's all Yoko can take . in a panic , she open the closet door , duck inside . 87 int . closet - day 87 Yoko slam the door shut , pull herself up onto a raise shelf . breathe hard , look down at -- -- the crack under the door . the light be beginning to dim . Yoko press back into the closet , trap . the closet be start to get dark . quickly . Yoko look around desperately . look up , she see -- -- the attic panel above she be wide open . caught between a rock and a hard place . Yoko decide : she shakily stand on the shelf and reach up to pull herself into the attic . 88 88 int . attic - day Yoko 's head appear . then she shoulder . she look around , but can not see a thing in the darkness . she 's about to pull herself all the way up -- -- when she hear the throaty croaking SOUND . come from the darkness . Yoko stiffen , she breath catch in she throat . another Pov : we be at the far end of the attic , suddenly and rapidly racing forward toward yoko ... on yoko : something brushes she face . Long , black hair . there 's a head , just inch from hers . almost nose - to-nose . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 51. Yoko be paralyze with fear , eye wide . a long beat . then she reach into she pocket , pull out a lighter . Yoko raise it and flick the wheel -- -- we get a glimpse of a pale face , surround by long black hair , eye wide and mouth open , the throaty SOUND suddenly increase in pitch and volume -- -- as the face move forward -- CUT to black . 89 int . hospital room - night 89 Karen slowly wake up in bed . as she eye clear , she see -- doug . he sit on the edge of the bed , slightly slump , he back to she . he slowly turn -- and a relieved smile cross he face . he move closer , and reach out a hand . doug it 's okay . I have get you . Karen nod , lace she finger in he . but she eye be glaze and unfocus -- she 's exhaust . doug you boss tell I what happen . I be sorry . she turn away , the memory bother she . Doug take she hand , massage she finger , worried . doug I talk to you teacher . they say you can take as much time as you need . we could go to Kyoto for a weekend , see that temple you be always talk about . Karen try to smile back , but she heart 's not in it . karen running away will not help . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 51aa . doug there 's nothing to run away from , kat . no one blame you for what happen . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 51a . karen I be not even sure what do happen . doug you go to help someone who be , quite simply , beyond help . karen no , that 's not what I mean ... she trail off , try to remember . Doug wait . karen that house . there be something ... Doug see she frustration , and tenderly brushes a hair from she face . doug do not beat yourself up search for a great truth , kat . a old woman pass away in she sleep . it 's sad , but that 's all it be -- karen be that how they say she die ? doug I be sorry this happen to you . but maybe , in a way , it will help you later . death be a unfortunate but integral part of you future career . there 's no avoid it . maybe now you will be more ... ready for it . karen I do not think I will ever be ready for something like that . she turn away . Doug wrap a arm around she . Karen lean into he , and he stroke she hair . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 52. the moment be break by a soft knock . detective nakagawa stand in the doorway , hold a thick file . nakagawa I be sorry to disturb you , miss Davies . I be wonder if you could answer some additional question ? Doug stand , intercept nakagawa . he stick out a hand . doug I be doug. Karen 's boyfriend . nakagawa nod . fix Doug with a blank stare . take the hint , Doug turn to Karen . doug you up for this ? karen ( nodd : ) why do not you find out when I can check out of here . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 53. reluctantly , Doug kiss she brow , then exit . nakagawa pull a chair up to the bed and sit , put the file on a small table . nakagawa how be you feel ? karen okay . tire . nakagawa you be a exchange student ? ( Karen nod : ) and you have be volunteering at the Health Center for ...? karen Three month . I need a social welfare credit . nakagawa you say this be the first time you would be in that house ? karen yes . she notice nakagawa be not take note . he seem somewhat uncomfortable , as if he 's building to something : nakagawa about the japanese boy you say you see there -- karen do you find he ? nakagawa no , not yet . you say the boy have be tape into the closet ? karen yes , that 's right . he be ... hold a cat . a black cat . ( remember : ) there be a book in the closet , too . I think it be a journal . nakagawa do it belong to the boy ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 53aa . karen I do not think so . I think it belong to a woman . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 53a . nakagawa look up . Karen try to explain : karen the write . it look feminine . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 54 . karen I leave it on the kitchen table . nakagawa frown , scribbles a note . nakagawa I do not see any book on the table . perhaps someone move it . do you speak with the boy after you open the closet ? she think , recalling : karen I ask he he name . he say ` toshio ' . nakagawa immediately tense . a long beat . he can see how exhaust Karen be . but something 's troubling he : nakagawa one more question , please . he slowly reach into he pocket and pull out the photo Karen find , and tape together . he show it to she . nakagawa we find this in the room where ... Karen look at the picture . karen this be he . this be the boy . nakagawa be you certain ? karen yes. positive . nakagawa stare down at the picture in he hand . and Karen notice -- nakagawa 's hand be shaking . karen detective nakagawa ? he look up at she , a faraway look in he eye . karen the whole time I be in that house , I feel something be ... wrong . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 54a . from the expression on nakagawa 's face , she 's onto something . karen what happen there ? nakagawa hold Karen 's gaze for a moment . even in she exhaust state , it 's clear -- she 's as frighten as he be . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 55 . nakagawa the body of the son and daughter - in - law of the woman you be caring for be find in the attic . Karen just stare at he , stunne . nakagawa it seem that the son kill he wife , and then himself -- there 's a knock on the door . igarashi stand in the doorway . he speak to nakagawa in japanese . nakagawa ( to Karen ) please excuse I for a moment . nakagawa put the photo down and step into the hallway and close the door , but not all the way . Karen watch and listen through the crack : 90 90 int . hospial - hallway - night in the hallway : the man speak with hushed voice . igarashi ( in japanese ) we check the apartment of Susan , the sister . she be not there ... he trail off , hesitate . nakagawa ( in japanese ) yes ? igarashi ( in japanese ) the chain lock have be draw from the inside . and the deadbolt . but we find no one in the apartment . nakagawa take this in . nakagawa ( in japanese ) get the surveillance tape from the office building . igarashi nod . but do not move . after a moment , quietly : igarashi ( in japanese ) they be the first family to live in that house since the incident three year ago -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 56 . nakagawa 's harsh look silence he . then the detective turn , notice karen watch they . he pull the door shut . 91 int . hospital room - night 91 nakagawa 's stern voice be muffle by the close door . Karen sit back in bed , disturb . then she attention turn to the file on the table . she consider . then reach for it . open it . it 's a police report , in japanese . Karen scan it , and turn the page . she draw a breath -- -- it 's a photo of the house . cordon off with police tape . a ambulance out front . like the scene she just leave ... ...only the picture be date three year ago . three detective be visible beyond the open front door , confer in the entryway . the photo of the house be attach to a police report , with three picture . a stern-look japanese man ( takeo ) , a somber woman ( kayako ) , and a young boy we know very well -- Karen make the connection . she pick up the tape - up photo and compare it to the file ... the boy and he father be the same as in the newspaper . Karen gently touch the " miss " face of kayako -- then she eye move to the picture of the boy . her eye widen as she read the japanese text under he face : karen toshio ... 92 92 int . nursing care CENTER - night the place be quiet , completely desert . except for -- -- Alex . he 's behind he desk in the reception area , stare off into space . Alex finally glance up at a clock -- it 's almost ten o'clock . he get up , turn off he computer , switch off the light , and walk around the reception desk towards -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 57 . the front door . he hit a final light switch and be almost to the exit , when -- -- he suddenly slip . almost fall . save himself by throw a hand up against the wall . he look down . what the hell do he slip on ? a pool of liquid . right by the front door , where the ladder stand earlier . it 's too dark to make out what the fluid be . Alex look down at he hand -- it 's cover in the liquid . and there 's a dark handprint where he grab the wall . he Pov : a trail of footprint lead from the pool of liquid , around the base of the stair . his eye on he dirtied hand , Alex slowly reach for the nearby light switch . the overhead come on -- -- the liquid be deep red . blood . Alex look across the room . shake , he start to walk forward , follow the footstep . he pause at the bottom of the stair , see -- -- the blood trail have stop . right by the bottom step . Alex look up the staircase . no blood . after a moment , Alex start to walk up . as he reach the first landing -- he freeze . sense something behind he . he turn to see -- yoko . head lower , clothing be tear and bloody . she 's slowly climb up the step , but she 's moving jerkily , like a marionette , she limb make a strange creaking as if tendon and muscle be be push to they limit . and there 's blood dripping down , splattering on she shoe . alex Yoko ? she keep move , strain , climb ... towards he . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 58. alex what ... what happen , Yoko ? now she finally stop , two step away . a long beat . alex say something , please ... Yoko slowly raise she head towards he -- -- the lower half of she face be miss . her jawbone have be rip out , she tongue hang limply on she chest . Alex stumble backwards ... and he foot land right in a puddle of blood . his leg fly out from under he and he crack he head against the ground . he Pov : everything go blurry , and cant 90 degree . but it look like there 's a figure stand in the hallway , watch the scene ... ...a small boy hold a black cat ... daze , Alex plant a hand on the ground and pull himself into a seating position -- -- and come face - to- face with yoko , kneel down directly in front of he . her bloody tongue drip , lolling ... on alex : eye wide , he open he mouth to scream -- hard CUT to : 93 int . police station - nakagawa's office - dawn 93 nakagawa sit at the desk . exhausted , dark circle under he eye , he 's stare down at -- the file on he desk . as if he 's afraid to even open it . but he do . he flip through the photo , pause on that of toshio , but continue on to the black and white photo of the House from three year ago ( the one Karen see ) , with the three detective . nakagawa turn to a framed picture on he desk -- it 's younger nakagawa at a bar with three familiar detective . they be off-duty , grin at the camera . buddy . the two photograph share the same three detective . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 59 . as nakagawa look at the crime scene photo , he realize something . he slowly stand , in shock , tremble . the phone ring , startling he . nakagawa walk over , pick up the phone . nakagawa ( in japanese ) hello ? he listen . his face go blank . he slowly lower the phone . 94 omitted 94 95 omitted 95 96 omitted 96 omitted 97 97 98 omitted 98 99 int . morgue - day 99 the coroner sit on a stool , stare at the floor . two body lie under bloody white sheet on two steel table . between they be a small cart -- a bloody cloth on top . nakagawa and igarashi enter . the coroner stand , nervous . he walk to one of the table and pull back the sheet . nakagawa ( in japanese ) have you determine a cause of death ? coroner ( in japanese ) not yet . the blood on he body -- be not he . it belong to she . he point to the other table . but do not look at it . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 60 . nakagawa ( in japanese ) I do not understand . he kill Yoko , before he die ? the coroner shake he head . nakagawa look to igarashi , then walk up to the second body , pull back the sheet . it's yoko . still miss she jawbone . nakagawa and igarashi stare down at she in disbelief . the coroner walk to the small table , remove the cloth . Yoko 's jawbone be underneath it . coroner ( in japanese ) the jawbone you find in the attic yesterday with the american couple belong to this girl . I estimate it be -- remove -- from she body two or three day ago . igarashi ( in japanese ) but I think you say she body be find with this man , tonight . the coroner nod . eye on he shoe . nakagawa ( in japanese ) then how do she get from the house to the Health Center ? the coroner , lose in he imagination , answer quietly : coroner ( in japanese ) I have no idea . a beat . nakagawa walk to the jawbone . stare at it . nakagawa ( in japanese ) she survive for two day without this ? coroner ( in japanese ) it would seem so . nakagawa ( in japanese ) how be that possible ? the coroner look up at he , he face pale . coroner ( in japanese ) I do not believe it be . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 61. 100 int . hospital room - day 100 Doug sit on the bed , next to a dressing curtain . Karen 's silhouette be visible behind it , pull on she clothes . he watch the curtain for a beat , concerned . then : doug I get we a guidebook to Kyoto . I think maybe we would leave tomorrow -- the curtain suddenly slide back . Karen , dress , stare at he . she look angry . karen why do not you tell I ? doug tell you what ? karen about the body they find in the attic . doug you be recover from a shock . I do not want to -- Karen turn away , pick up she backpack and slinging it . she walk past he , disappointed , and leave the room . doug Karen -- wait -- he quickly grab he coat and bag . 100 a 100a int . hospital hallway - day Karen pace down the hall towards a reception area . Doug catch up with she , turn she towards he . doug look , I be sorry . I be just worried about you , and -- I know you , Karen . Karen turn to he . a sober look on she face . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 61a . karen the same thing happen three year ago , Doug . to a japanese family , who live in that house . they be all find dead . Doug study she for a moment . doug so you think the event be connect ? karen how would you explain it ? she watch Doug as he think . carefully . doug okay . how about this : the american family know about what have happen there before , and this knowledge subconsciously cause they to repeat the same event . Karen give Doug a skeptical look . doug it 's exactly how superstition survive : if you walk under a ladder and think uh-oh , you be in for some bad luck , sure enough , what do you know ? you trip over -- karen ( hear it before : ) -- trip over the curb and sprain you ankle . doug make sense , right ? Karen stop walk . consider something . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 61b. karen okay . then explain this : when I go to that house , I do not know anything about its past . but yet I still see ... she hesitates , realize she 's say too much . doug saw what ? Karen ? karen Emma and I be alone in that room , but -- there be something else there . I be sure of it . doug you watch a woman die , kat . that 's a horrible thing to experience . I can not imagine how you must feel . but sometimes the mind try to cope with terrible thing in a way that distort what actually occur . Karen 's eye never leave he . softly , but firmly : karen you might be right , Doug . but I know what I see . ( then , falter : ) I think I know what I see ... after a moment , Doug pull she into a hug . doug you just need to rest . we will get you home , get a good night 's sleep . karen yeah . but she eye speak differently . she cover it well , step back and glance over at the reception desk : karen you have get class , and I be sure I only have to fill out a few form or something -- doug you sure ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 61ba . karen I be fine , doug. really . he kiss she , then exit . he pause at the front door to give she a little wave . she smile ... but the smile droops as soon as he 's out of sight . after a moment , she turn and walk to the front desk . dissolve to : revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 61c-63. 101 omitted 101 102 omitted 102 103 int . karen' apartment - live room - night 103 Karen sit at she computer desk . she look exhaust . Online , Karen pull up the home page for the Japan Times , a English - language newspaper . she type toshio 's full name into a search window . a list of link appear , fill the screen . Karen scan they . tries one . it 's not what she 's look for . she re-enter toshio 's name along with a year -- ` 2001 ' . only one link appear . the word vmurdered ' in the headline . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 64 . Karen click it . the article fill the screen . as Karen read it , we catch glimpsis of name -- ` toshio ' , ` kayako ' , ` takeo ' . and a ominous phrase : " murder / suicide " . Karen click a link mark ` image ' . a scan picture of the newspaper appear -- the article be on the front page , with familiar photo of toshio , kayako and takeo . but then Karen 's eye drift to another picture at the bottom of the page -- -- peter . she quickly recognize he from the picture she find in the journal . his name be print below the photo . a picture of Peter and Maria 's condo build be next to it . she look at the headline : " american english teacher throws self from build " . Karen scan the article , think . then she look up at -- -- toshio' picture . dissolve to : 104 104 int . police station - nakagawa's office - night nakagawa be look at the same picture , in he file . officer # 1 appear in the hall . knock gently on the door . officer # 1 ( in japanese ) this just come in . it 's the surveillance video you request . it take a moment for nakagawa to snap out of it . he finally nod , take the tape . he open the envelope and look at the cassette . like he do not want to watch it . then he turn to a tv / vcr combo and insert the tape . on the screen : the 10 th floor hallway from Susan 's office building , and the door lead to the stairwell . a beat . the image flicker for a moment . then the door suddenly burst open and Susan , terrify , run from the stairwell and down the hall . on nakagawa : he fast - forward the video . until -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 65 . on screen : -- the security guard appear in the hallway . as Susan see earlier , he open the door to the stairwell and look inside . then he close the door and continue o.s . on nakagawa : he reach forward to turn off the video -- on screen : -- but then the video crackle with a quick burst of static . and the door to the stairwell open again . on nakagawa : he 's watch , entrance , terrify . he can hardly believe what he 's see -- on screen : -- a dark figure emerge from the stairwell . it 's the shape of a woman with long hair -- -- but the figure be blurry and shifting , as if the black shadow have loosely compact itself into the form of a human . nakagawa watch , breathless , as the figure slowly enter the hallway , pass by , underneath the camera . the image stop flicker . a empty hallway now . a beat . nakagawa , he hand shaking , reach forward , about to turn off the television set , when -- darkness suddenly overtake the screen , rise up from the bottom until everything be dark . a strange humming rattle come from the speaker , and the image jitter madly . nakagawa lean forward , right up to the screen , try to make out a image in the swirl blackness -- two eye open , stare at nakagawa . terrify , nakagawa stand and turn away , close he eye . and when he find the strength to look back -- -- the eye be still there . lock onto he , even though he 's move . unflinch . unblink . 105 105 ext . the house - night nakagawa stand at the front door . gather he courage . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 66 . he open the door . nothing but yawn darkness inside . nakagawa pick up two heavy object , one in each hand , and , ducking under the police tape , enter the house . 106 int . the house - entrance - night 106 nakagawa put the two heavy object by the front door and close it . now we can see what they be -- -- gasoline can . two gallon each . full . nakagawa catch he breath . then he reach for the lid of one of the can , start to unscrew it . his hand be shaking , and the gasoline splashes around inside -- -- but then there 's another splashing SOUND . from nearby . nakagawa freeze . the splash continue . his eye go to -- the bathroom door . it 's close . the splashing be come from inside , accompany by a series of thud . the sound of a small child , struggling ... nakagawa fearfully reach for the door handle -- 106 a 106 a int . the house - bathroom - night nakagawa 's eye widen as the door swing open . he see -- a young boy kneel by the edge of the tub , overflow with water . his head hang below the surface . nakagawa immediately drop to the boy , lift he lifeless head from the water . it 's toshio . he 's dead . drown . before nakagawa can understand what 's happen , the boy' eye suddenly OPEN , fix on nakagawa -- -- and then a pale hand grab nakagawa 's head from behind and roughly push it into the water , hold he under . nakagawa 's legs flail and kick as he struggle , he scream muffle by the water . but finally , he leg become still . 107 107 omitted 108 omitted 108 revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 67 . 109 omitted 109 109a omitted 109a revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 68. 110 int . karen' apartment - live area - day 110 the wall by Karen 's computer desk be now cover with webpage print - out : newspaper clipping of toshio and he parent , kayako and takeo ; matthew and jennifer ; peter ; and detective nakagawa and igarashi , plus report on the earlier investigation . in the center of it all be a picture of the House . on the desk be a print - out : the newspaper article about Peter 's death , with the photo of he condo . below the photo , Karen have write the number ` 224 ' . we hear the sound of running water -- it 's the shower . we drift away from the desk and towards the bathroom ... 110a omitted 110a revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 68a. 110 b omitted 110 b 111 int . karen' apartment - bathroom - day 111 Karen be in the shower . she stand there , glassy - eye , as the water run over she . she 's look at -- -- her reflection in the mirror . it fog up , obscure the view . this snap Karen out of she trance . she rinse she hair and squeeze some shampoo into she hand . start a nice lather . from behind : Karen work the shampoo into she scalp . but , as she do , we see something ... ... a pale hand buried under her hair , as if someone be behind she , with a hand on she head . Karen 's finger brush the hand . she cry out and turn -- -- there 's no one there . she 's alone . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 69 . 112 omitted 112 113 omitted 113 114 int . karen' apartment - live area - day 114 there 's the sound of the front door unlocking and Doug enter , carry a bag . he close the door behind he and walk in , turn the corner -- -- find Karen , look a bit daze , stand right there . he 's startle , but quickly recover : doug I come bear gift . Karen smile weakly . she take the bag and enter the kitchen . he watch she go , worried . then he notice -- her desk . Doug walk over , look at the printout she 's tape to the wall . and the photo of the House in the center . bewildere , he sit down , lean forward and take a good look . his eye stop on the picture of toshio . Doug turn to see Karen stare at he from the kitchen . it 's a awkward moment : he 's concerned , but do not know what to say . and neither do Karen . finally she approach , look at toshio 's picture : revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 69a . karen that 's the boy who be there yesterday . in that house . but this boy , he 's -- her voice tremble , she fear show through . karen -- he 's suppose to be dead . a beat . Karen 's eye plead with Doug . karen I see he , Doug . I talk to he . he tell I he name . a boy who be kill by he father three year ago tell I he name . Doug look away , shaking he head . karen you do not believe I . doug how can I believe you , Karen ? Karen 's face darken . before she can retort -- -- the phone ring . as Karen walk across the room to answer it , Doug start read the newspaper article . karen ( into phone ) hello ? she listen . her face slowly drop . karen ( almost a whisper : ) what ? she numbly lower the phone . Doug turn to she , see that something 's very wrong . snap to life , Karen walk to the desk , pick up the photo of Peter and Maria 's condo and a map of Tokyo . Doug put a hand on she shoulder . she finally look at he . karen Alex and Yoko be dead . Doug , surprised , do not know what to say . Karen do not give he a chance to figure it out : revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 69aa . karen ( intense : ) there 's something wrong with that house , Doug . something really bad . ( be : Peter 's photo ) the boy in that house , he have a photo of this man . he die on that same day three year ago . I need to talk to he wife ... widow . if I can find out what happen , or if ... maybe -- doug maybe , what ? Karen pull away , make for the door . Doug follow . doug I be concerned about you go out while you be so upset -- karen you do not understand . I have to , Doug . doug why ? karen because I have be inside that house , Doug . do not you get it ? I have be inside ! revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 69b . a beat . we see the resolve come over Karen 's face . she reach out and touch Doug tenderly . karen I love you . but I have to go . she leave . Doug , troubled , turn back to the desk . he look up at the wall , trace a finger over the photo of the House . beneath it , be the address ... revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 70-72. 115 ext . condo build - day 115 the same building from the newspaper clipping . monolithic against a cloudy , bleak sky . Karen stand before it , stare up at it . then she walk to the intercom and look at the directory , find ` M. kirk ' . she activate the intercom and dial the number . it ring a few time , and then a voice pick up : maria ( intercom , in japanese ) yes ? karen I be look for Maria kirk ? maria ( intercom ) who be this ? karen my name be Karen Davies . I be a student at -- I be sorry to bother you , but I be wonder if I could ask you a few question . a long beat . Karen stare at the intercom . karen Ms. kirk ? maria ( intercom ) question about what ? karen I be here because ... I need to speak with you about you husband . when Maria 's voice come back through the intercom , she sound different , shake : maria ( intercom ) leave I alone . karen Maria -- maria ( intercom ) please . Karen stand there for a moment . then , as she walk away -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 72a . click . the electronic door lock disengage behind she . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 73. 115a omitted 115a 115 b omitted 115 b revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 74 . 116 omitted 116 116a int . peter &amp ; maria' apartment - day 116 a the front door open . maria ( early 30 ) have change from when we first see she -- she wear a revealing outfit , and she natural beauty now smolder beneath the surface . she regards Karen warily . maria I be late for work . karen I just need a couple minute . Maria finally step aside , let Karen in . the apartment be small , and completely unkempt . the kitchen be a mess , clothes lie everywhere . maria ( sarcastic : ) make yourself at home . Karen look for a place to sit . she decide to stand . Maria size she up . a beat . then : maria well ? karen you husband , Peter . Three year ago he ... she trail off , in delicate territory . maria he what ? karen he kill himself . Maria eye she blankly . then she turn to look at something o.s . Karen follow she gaze -- -- to the open door of the bedroom . and the window beyond . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 74a . karen ( almost ashamed : ) I be ... sorry . Maria turn back to she , sadness on she face . then : maria thank you . Maria reach for a pack of cigarettes . light one . offer they to Karen . she shake she head . maria how do you know Peter ? karen I do not . maria then what be you do here ? karen I think there 's a connection between you husband 's death and something that happen to I . maria what happen to you ? karen it 's ... hard to explain . Maria take a drag from she cigarette . wait . karen look , I know this sound strange , but ... I do not think you husband want to die . maria ( even : ) then why would he throw himself out a window ? Karen struggle to find the answer . maria let I guess : `hard to explain ' ? Karen nod . Maria 's brave face slip . she turn away . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 74b. maria I put all this behind I . I do not want to open it back up again . karen if that 's true , then why be you still here in Japan ? Maria turn back . she only look defensive for a moment . maria because I can not leave . I try . but I could not . not without ... Maria speak softly , form word she 's never speak aloud : maria he usually do not wake up before I . but that morning , he do . he make coffee for we . then he sit there and wait for I to wake up . and when I do , he look I right in the eye . and then he jump . the night before we would be talk about have child together ... she wipe away the tear in she eye . karen do you know a woman name kayako ? maria no . karen do Peter ? maria I do not think so . Maria turn away , grow tense . karen maybe it be someone he work with ? maria look . I have have the police up here , I talk with detective , I even hire a p.i . -- ( compose herself : ) ( more ) revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 74c. maria ( cont would ) I do not know what you be go through , or what you think you know about my husband . but I do not have any answer . I be sorry . she turn back to Karen -- to find the young woman sit slump on the edge of a sofa , tear in she eye . Maria soften as Karen look up at she , plead : karen please . I do not know what else to do . please help I . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 75-77 . 117 int . closet - day 117 Maria reach up to a high shelf . she move a few thing aside to get to two shoeboxe bury towards the rear . 118 omitted 118 118a int . peter &amp ; maria' apartment - day 118a Maria re-enter the room , lay the shoebox on a table . maria this be all he stuff from school . she stare at the box , afraid to open they . Karen sit down and gently remove the lid of one of they . the BOX contain stack of photograph and note . Karen remove a pile of photo and start look through it . after a moment , Maria sit down next to she . she open the other box and pull out another stack of photo . she look at the first one , sadness crossing she face . maria this be we first date . she show Karen the top photo : a " self - portrait " of Peter and Maria in a park line with bloom cherry tree . the pain return , and she put the picture away . Karen work through she own pile : she 's look at picture of Peter from he University day . her eye widen as she see -- kayako . she look young and alive ... but yet somehow sullen and withdraw , as if she feel she do not belong there . she 's with a group of fellow student . peter be in the group , although he and kayako be not next to one another . Karen turn to the next picture -- it 's a graduation party . kayako be in this one too : stand to the side , watch peter and maria as they give a goofy grin to the camera . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 77a . as Karen flip through they , a definite pattern emerge -- -- kayako be in practically every picture . and in most , she 's not smile at the camera . Rather , she 's stare at Peter . karen ( under she breath : ) oh my God . maria what ? do you find something ? we move to the group photo . Peter with Maria , surround by classmate . kayako off to the side , she eye on Peter . dissolve to : revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 78. 119 int . college - peter' office - day ( three year ago ) 119 the same group photo be in a frame on Peter 's desk . Peter stand behind the desk , use a small mirror to knot he tie . his open door read : `department of english '. a co- worker ( 20 , japanese ) enter with a stack of mail . peter happy Monday . CO - worker yeah , right . here 's you mail . he hand it to Peter . on the top be a small blue envelope . the name in the return address be ` kayako ' . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 79 . CO - worker another one , huh ? Peter shake he head , look distastefully at the letter . peter I do not even know she . she say I use to tutor she , but I do not know who the hell she be . the co-worker shrug and leave . disturb , Peter finger the blue envelope . his eye go to one of he desk drawer . he slide it open . more blue envelope be inside . all from ` kayako '. Peter 's face darken . he dump the letter into a trash can . 120 120 ext . the house - day Peter stand in front of the House . he glance down at the blue envelope in he hand . he stuff it in he pocket , unsure about what he 's go to do . then he open the gate and go in , walk to the front door . knock . silence from inside . he ring the bell . wait . no one come . he 's about to leave -- but then he hear something from around the side of the house . it sound like a muffle splash of water . 120a ext . the house - side - day 120a Peter peer around the side of the house , a narrow walkway line with bush and tree . it 's quiet . peter ( in japanese ) hello ? Excuse I ? after a moment , Peter decide to check it out . as he step around a bush , he suddenly stop , surprised to see -- peter' Pov : two arm hang from a window at the side of the house . they look disembody , mottle and bruise . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 79a . it take Peter a moment to recover . he slowly walk over . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 80. a familiar boy be inside -- it 's toshio . his glaze and stare eye do not seem to notice Peter , stand right in front of he . peter ( in japanese ) hello . no reaction . there 's definitely something wrong with this boy . Peter look beyond he , into the dark house . peter ( in japanese ) my name be Peter . I be here to see you mother . be she home ? the boy slowly straighten . his eye focus on Peter . then he fall backward . startle , Peter try to see inside : peter ( in japanese ) hey ! be you okay ??? hello ??? Peter quickly go back to the front door . tries the handle - - it 's unlock . he open the door . 121 121 int . the house - entrance - day Peter step inside , unsure about enter uninvite . peter ( in japanese ) ( call out ) hello ? Excuse I . I be come in . his concern for the boy win out . he kick off he shoe , and quickly walk to the open bathroom door . 122 122 omitted 123 int . the house - bathroom - day 123 Peter enter , find toshio lie on the floor . he must have be stand on the edge of a tub by the window . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 81. peter ( in japanese ) be you alright ? as Peter help the boy to he foot , he glance at the bathtub . it 's fill , literally to the brim , with water . 124 int . the house - live room - day 124 Peter hold toshio 's hand as he lead he back to a couch in the live room . peter ( in japanese ) be you alone ? where be you parent ? the boy sit in the couch , slump over , still look daze . Peter study he , look at the ugly bruise on he arm and leg . there 's also a big one around he neck . peter ( in japanese ) what happen to you ? Peter reach out to lift toshio 's chin , but he flinch , pull backwards . his eye manage to focus on Peter . then the boy look away . lower he head . a long beat . Peter 's worried . this really do not look good . he scan the messy room , eye fall on something . he reach down and pick up piece of a photograph , lie next to a break frame -- they have be crumpled into a ball . on the photo : Peter unfold the piece and rearrange they . we have see this picture before -- -- a family portrait . toshio , hold a cute black cat . stand with he mother and father -- kayako and takeo . they be all beam at the camera , a perfect , happy family . except that the mother 's face have be tear out . then there 's a muffle meow . Peter look over at the window . do that come from outside ? another meow . Peter walk to the window , look out . from outside , looking in : a worried look cross Peter 's face as the meow become more of a growl , as if in warning . he look outside , but can not see anything -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 82. -- but we see , over Peter 's shoulder , that toshio be now looking directly at he , eye wide -- -- the meowing emit from he wide open mouth -- 125 int . police station - day 125 Karen enter quickly , go up to the front desk . officer # 2 , fill out paperwork , do not look up . karen ( in japanese ) Excuse I , I need to speak with detective nakagawa . Officer # 2 look up at she . blankly . karen ( in japanese ) it 's a emergency . officer # 2 ( in japanese ) one moment . Officer # 2 walk to the end of the desk , where two more officer speak in hushed tone with detective aoki . Officer # 2 interrupt they conversation . and they all look over at Karen . a beat . then detective aoki approach . aoki ( in english ) you be ask for detective nakagawa ? karen yes , I have important information for he about a case ... she look around . everyone be watch she . the mood be decidedly grim . she can tell something 's up . aoki detective nakagawa be not here right now . can you tell I what case this be regard ? there 's something behind the detective 's word . karen his partner , detective igarashi ? can I speak with he ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 83. aoki exchange a look with the officer . aoki can you tell I you name , please ? Karen look at the somber face in the quiet station . she back away from the desk as the realization sink in . karen they be dead , be not they ? Karen turn and run for the exit . aoki miss , wait please -- but she 's long go . 126 126 int . karen' apartment - night a read light on the computer desk provide the only illumination in the dark apartment . Karen enter , stand in the doorway for a moment . Shell - shocked . as she slide off she coat : karen Doug ? revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 83a . no answer . she slowly walk to the bedroom and look inside . he 's not there . this seem to worsen Karen 's mood . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 84. Karen look down at a notepad . she 's write three japanese name . the detective in charge of the case three year ago . they all have red line draw through they . then we pan up to see that this be the last name on a longer list . we recognize the other name : matthew , jennifer , and emma william ; yoko and alex ; nakagawa and igarashi . everyone who 's be in the House . everyone who die . all the name have be crossed out -- -- except ` nakagawa ' and ` igarashi ' . Karen pick up a red pen and draw a line through they . then we see one final name at the bottom : ` me. ' now the only one not cross out . the only one leave . Karen put down she pen . then she look up at -- -- the wall , where 's she 's tape all the picture and article in a circle . Karen realize something . she reach for the lamp , and turn it closer -- -- the picture in the middle of the " spider 's web " be go . the photo of the House . Karen draw a breath . then , out of the corner of she eye , she see something she have not notice before -- -- a faint red flashing from a small table by the kitchen . she slowly stand . walk over to it . the flash red light be barely visible on she face , as she look down at -- -- her answering machine . the message light be blink . `1 message '. she reach out a shaky finger and press ` play ' . doug ( on machine ) " hey , Karen . it 's I . I just want to say -- I be sorry . I know I be not hearing you . ( more ) revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 85 . doug ( on machine ) ( cont would ) if all this be real to you , then it 's important to I , and I be gonna check that house out . so just sit tight , I will not be long . I love you . " Karen press the stop button . she stand there for a moment , in the near-darkness . then , softly : karen no . 126a ext . karen' apartment build - night 126a Karen run outside , struggle to pull on she coat . she race down the sidewalk at top speed . 126 b 126 b ext . the house - night Doug stand at the gate , lighting a cigarette , look down at the police tape sealing the entrance . he pocket he Zippo and duck under the tape , walk up to -- the front door . Doug try the handle , and the door swing open . he stand on the porch , look into the dark place . 126bb ext . STREET - night 126bb Karen run down the step from the train , racing into the shopping district . 126 c int . the house - entrance - night 126c Doug step inside , try the light switch . nothing happen . but he smile , shaking he head , completely unafraid . doug hello ? as he take a step forward he foot bump the gas can , still sit by the front door . he 's confuse -- and then he get a good idea . he toss he cigarette outside and close the front door . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 85a . 126d int . the house - live room - night 126d Doug walk through the live room , glance inside the small kitchen , then he slide open the door to the tatami room . he wince as he eye meet the stained mattress . 126e int . the house - entrance - night 126e Doug re-enter the entryway , look back up to the second floor . he start up . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 86. 126 for int . the house - second floor hallway - night 126 for Doug walk to the front room door and open it . he lean inside , try to let he eye adjust to the dark . then he walk down the hall to the rear room . do the same . nothing but darkness beyond . Doug close the door and turn away from it , wonder why he 's here , what he 's look for . he reach into he pocket and pull out he cell phone . speed-dial Karen 's number . as he raise it to he ear -- -- he do not notice the door to the rear room slowly swinging OPEN behind he -- 127 127 ext . the house - night Karen run towards we , breathless , stop as she reach -- -- the house . loom over she . wait . she only hesitates a moment before run inside . 128 int . the house - night 128 Karen enter , call out : karen Doug ! where be you ??? a muffled SOUND from upstairs . a voice . karen Doug ??? Karen immediately run up the stair to -- the second floor . before she reach the top of the stair , Karen suddenly realize : the voice she 's hearing be not Doug 's . voice ( o.s. ) hey , Maria , it 's I . yeah , I be still at school ... Karen slowly look up to see -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 87 . -- peter . she recognize he immediately . he 's stand in the hallway , talk on he cell phone . peter ( into phone ) ... I know , I be sorry -- this staff meeting always run over -- maybe another ten minute or so -- okay , I will be home soon -- I love you too . he hang up . leans against the wall . look into -- the front bedroom . Karen gasp as she see toshio through the open door . he 's sit on the ground , make drawing of black cat . this be he bedroom . peter ( under he breath ) guess you mom 's late , huh ? then toshio suddenly look up . right at Karen . follow toshio 's gaze , Peter quickly turn to face Karen . but even though she 's right there , he do not see she : she 's see something that happen three year ago . as if sense she presence , Peter walk right to the edge of the stair , look down . then : a rustling SOUND come from the dark hallway . Peter turn towards the rear bedroom at the end of the hall . 129 129 int . the house - rear bedroom - night Peter stand in the doorway , look into the master bedroom of toshio 's parent . his attention be draw to something near the door -- -- a desk . it 's get a computer , some file . someone 's personal work space . Peter step to the desk . he pick up a stack of photograph . family picture : with father ( takeo ) , mother ( kayako ) , and son ( toshio ) , hold he black cat . kayako' face have be tear out of every one . Peter notice something underneath the pile of photo -- a familiar journal . the same one Karen find in the closet . he open it . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 88. he Pov : it 's a journal kayako keep . as Peter flip through it , kayako' voice speak the word ... ... and even though it 's mostly japanese , there 's one word we recognize , that she 's write repeatedly -- -- " Peter " . it 's be write over and over , in both English and japanese , as if she could not get enough of see it . past the early page Karen see , the writing become more manic , the delicate script become a frantic scrawl , kayako' voice become more desperate and plead . tape on the final page be a photo : peter with a group of he University friend , at a party . kayako have scribble heart around he head , and scratched out the other face . a bloody thumbprint distort Peter 's face . it 's still wet . Peter slam the book shut and drop it . as he do , a photograph fall out from inside , landing right - side up . the photo be of peter at a college party , talk with maria . it 's clear they be have a great time with one another ... ... but the photo be torn in half , split Maria 's face . and kayako be visible between they , sadly and stoically watch Peter , strand of hair fall down she face . Peter and Karen both reach to pick up the photo at the same time -- and they bump shoulder . Karen fall backwards , against the wall . in disbelief , Peter look around wildly . he reach out a tentative hand , feel around ... Karen move out of the way . she can not understand how this could be happen . as Peter be about to stand back up , something small flutter down from above , landing on the floor in front of he . it 's kayako' face . one of the miss piece from the tear - out photograph . Peter slowly look up to see -- -- all the missing kayako face have be pin to the closet door . many of the pin go through her eye . and that 's when Peter and Karen hear the fly . buzz anxiously . sound like there 's a lot of they . it 's come from the closet . just behind the tear - out face . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 88a . Karen watch , terrify , as Peter reach out a hand -- -- and slide the door open . he immediately recoil . a terrible stench inside . the buz of the fly be louder . come from above . Peter pull a book of match from he pocket . light one . and look up . he Pov : the attic panel be slightly open . Peter reach up to open it fully -- -- and the upper half of kayako swing down . she 's be wrap in plastic sheet , mottle splotches of blood on the inside . her neck hang at a odd angle . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 89 . Peter back away in horror -- 130 int . the house - second floor hallway - night 130 Peter back into the hallway , breathe hard . then a familiar sound reach we ear : thud . thud . thud . it 's come from toshio 's room . and it 's the same rhythmic thudding we have hear come from this room before . Peter wrench he gaze from the horrific sight and head quickly down the hall ( with Karen follow he ) : peter toshio ! we have to -- he stop short at the door , as he see -- -- takeo , toshio 's father . eye roll back in he head , tongue swollen and lolling from he blue lip . he 's dead -- he 's hang from the ceiling by black hair that seem to cover its entire surface . kayako 's hair . toshio , now back to he " dead " appearance , playfully swing the body . takeo 's foot thud rhythmically against the wall . karen oh my God ... Peter do not stay to see any more . he run . 131 131 int . the house - entrance - night Peter tear down the stair and run for the front door , pass a mirror -- -- he freeze . he see something in the reflection as he pass . something wrong . he take a step back and look -- -- it 's not he reflection in the mirror . it 's kayako . Peter stare at the image in disbelief . then he notice toshio stand next to kayako , look up at she . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 89a . as Peter slowly turn to look down , a small pale hand slip into he own . Peter jerk backward in shock as -- a series of image , the origin of " the grudge " , flash by : -- takeo , look down at the journal , read he wife 's word , he face contort with rage ... he turn to see kayako , home from work , stand in the doorway ... revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 90 . -- kayako run down the step , takeo chase she , tackle she before she can reach the door ... sit on top of she , he wrap he hand around she neck ... -- kayako see toshio , she son , watch through the bar of the second floor railing as ... -- takeo snap kayako 's neck with a audible crack ... -- kayako , not dead , but paralyze , watch as ... -- takeo drown a flail toshio in the bathroom tub ... -- takeo tear apart toshio' cat , still alive , in the bathroom sink ... -- kayako let out a horrible croaking , the only sound she break neck can emit , as takeo advance on she with a knife , he eye fill with a manic madness ... -- takeo in the attic , stuff kayako and toshio , both very dead , wrap in plastic sheet , into a corner ... -- kayako suddenly turning her head and grabbing takeo' arm ... she lifeless eye focus on takeo 's as she croak ... takeo 's eye go wide with fear ... and toshio suddenly reach from he plastic grave , grab takeo 's other arm ... back to the present : we pan from Peter to the reflection in the mirror -- it 's not the pale , frightening kayako anymore . Rather : a beautiful , young kayako with eye fill with sorrow . we pan back to see karen stand there , instead of Peter . Karen slump to the ground in front of the mirror , the revelation take everything out of she . a beat . then : that come from upstairs . thump . Karen look up as the sound continue . we pan over towards the stair as a dragging sound move across the ceiling . accompany by a strange scraping , like plastic . karen no more ... please , no more ... she suddenly freeze , sense something next to she . we see it now , as she turn she head , almost hide in the darkness -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 91 . -- a pale face in the darken hallway , stare up at the ceiling . eye wide and roll back , mouth yawn open in abject terror -- -- it 's doug's body . he lie on he back , he top half stick out from a niche by the stairwell . it 's be right next to she all along . karen doug ! no !!! Karen take Doug into she arm as the sound continue above , grow closer . but it 's no use -- he 's dead . and now there 's a new sound , move down the stair . a familiar throaty croaking SOUND , along with a strange skittering , like the world 's biggest cockroach . Karen turn to the staircase to see -- -- kayako , crawl down the stair . still wrap in the plastic sheet , she move like a wounded animal , neck hang limply , struggle to pull herself forward -- -- she eye lock on Karen , croaking horribly -- Karen sorrow turn to abject terror . she try to lift Doug 's body and pull it to the front door . it 's too heavy . and kayako be get closer . sob , Karen drop Doug and fall back against the front door , bump into -- the gas can . the one nakagawa unscrewe tip over , spilling gasoline into the entryway . as Doug 's arm flop to the floor , he outstretch hand land next to Karen . she see something clench in he finger -- -- he zippo lighter . realization dawns over Karen as she feel the liquid spilling onto she hand . the odor be unmistakable . Karen immediately reach forward , try to loosen Doug 's grip on the lighter as -- -- kayako reach the bottom of the stair . her break neck make a horrific cracking as she swivel to face Karen . Karen finally get the lighter . she push back against the door with leg too numb to stand . her eye drift up to see -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 91a . -- toshio , watch from the railing above , as before , he cold eye lock on hers . Karen grab another can , and spin the lid until it pop off . she tip it onto the floor , spilling more gas . revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 92 . kayako do not seem to care . she crawl over Doug 's body and pull herself through the gasoline , slowly , draw inexorably closer -- Karen drop the empty gas can and open doug's lighter . she flick it . nothing . Karen try the lighter again . and again . nothing . kayako reach out , blood drip from she gape mouth -- the lighter catch . Karen flail with she free arm and open the front door -- -- just as kayako grab her ankle . Karen reach outside , anchore a hand to the door frame -- -- but she can not pull herself free , as -- -- kayako pull herself closer , she croaking intensify -- -- resign , Karen slowly lower the flame to the gas can -- -- and ignites the gas ! there 's a sudden bright flash that overtake the screen -- fade to white : 132 omitted 132 132 a 132a ext . the house - night the flash light of police car wash over the formerly quiet neighborhood , illuminate -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 93. karen . she 's lie on a gurney , regain consciousness . japanese emt be speak to she as she 's be load into the back of a ambulance . karen' Pov : the blurry form of firemen rush by in slow motion . everything be dizzy and incoherent ... Karen try to sit up -- but a young emt lay a gentle hand on she arm , deftly slide a needle under she skin . the sedative take hold almost immediately . Karen sink back into the gurney , she eye roll back in she head . she 's fade fast . 132 b int . ambulance - night 132 b the emt secure the gurney inside and close the door . Karen fight the drug , but its grip be inevitable : she finally give up , slide into a medicate sleep . we slowly move in on she face , until it fill the screen . then ... 132 c 132c int . ambulance - day ... the light change . darkness become morning sunlight spilling across Karen 's face . the tranquil sound of bird chirping surround we . but it sound like a distant echo . Karen 's eyelid flutter . she open she eye and sit up , now wide awake -- but peaceful and calm . she gently swing she leg from the gurney and walk to the window , confuse by the daylight . she look out to see -- 132d 132d ext . the house - day it 's the most beautiful we have ever see it . a lush springtime bloom fill the tree and bush around the place . voice off-screen ( japanese ) be audible , get closer -- revision ( Blue ) -- 1/26/04 93a . on karen , as she be surprised to see ... kayako . beautiful and meek . she 's smile , walk hand - in - hand with takeo . a happy couple . as they reach the front door and go inside , kayako turn back to the front gate . she smile and gesture , " come on " . and then toshio walk forward , through the gate . his attention be on a tiny black kitten in he arm . at the door , toshio turn to look back over he shoulder -- -- directly at karen . they hold each other 's gaze for a moment , as if he somehow see she in the ambulance . then kayako gesture to toshio , and he turn away , enter the House and close the door . CUT to black . the end