the pacifier written by Thomas Lennon &amp ; Robert Ben garant previous revision by Jason fulardi , Scott Alexander &amp ; Larry karaszewki March 3rd , 2004 fade in : ext . pacific ocean - day a fishing boat push over choppy water . four gun toting men on jet skis wear black wet suit and goggle escort the boat . Flying above it be a helicopter . int . fishing boat / control deck - continuous a serbian man captain the wheel . serb 2 scan the horizon with binocular . he check the gps system , then he watch , then speak into he throat mic . all italic be serbian with subtitles : serb 2 Fifteen minute to delivery . ext . pacific ocean - continuous the jet skier in the lead weigh in on a radio . int . sea hawk 1 - continuous the helicopter pilot weigh in . pilot all clear from above . ext . sky - continuous the camera descend as the boat pass , and dive beneath the surface . ext . pacific ocean - continuous the dron of engine become less pronounce . foam from the boat and skis bubbles . calm . then from out of nowhere five navy seal wear re - breather appear , in neat formation like the Blue angel . jet propelled backpack push the seal through the water . the lead seal : shane wolfe , point upwards . all eye follow he finger to the underbelly of the boat above . from he belt , Shane take a steel wand with a adhesive disc attach , aim it at the flee boat and fire . a cable shoot up -- thud ... the disc stick to the boat 's hull . Shane push a button on the wand retract the cable and draw himself closer . dangle from the cruiser , Shane fix a bomb to the hull . he release himself from the boat and speed away -- 2 . boom . a dense explosion send ripple through the water and electricity crackle around the boat . int . fishing boat / control deck - continuous a surge of electrical force blast from the control panel . SPARKS fly . the two serbian Men jolt backwards -- wham -- and hit the wall . all the needle inside all the dial go limp . the roar of the engine die and the boat stop . ext . pacific ocean , under the boat - continuous Shane slip inside the hull , through the new hole . int . sea hawk 1 - continuous the chopper slow to a hover . the Pilot look below . pilot what 's happen ? ext . pacific ocean - continuous the jet skier protectively circle the injure boat in a synchronized swimming move , and the jet ski driver be simultaneously yanked below the surface : a split second later they be replace by we seal ( also in black wet suit and goggle ) -- the switch happen in less than a second , way too fast for anyone to notice . int . fishing boat / control deck - continuous the shake serb climb to they foot . serbian 2 what happen ? they look around , and see the seal , on the jet skis : in the mask they be indistinguishable from the gun - totting men they switch pace with . all seem clear . serb 1 push on the throttle ... nothing . serbian 1 we have be hit . we be take on water . suddenly the boat list -- and water pour in , under the cabin door . they spring into action ! serbian 1 ( cont 'd ) grab the professor , quick ! 3. ext . deck - continuous serb 1 rush out , shouting order : he alert four armed guard and the jet ski driver ( now we seal ) . serbian 1 something must be below we ! shoot ! shoot ! the armed Guards fire relentlessly into the water . serb 2 rush below deck . int . ship be hold - continuous professor charle plummer , bound to a chair and gag , try to yelp as the room begin to flood with water . int . ship' corridor - simultaneous serb 2 run down step to the lowermost hold . he try to force the door open . when it finally open , he be force back by a three foot wall of water . int . ship be hold - continuous Professor plummer panic , as the water rise up to he mouth he struggle , but can not get free . up to he nose , over he head .... he 's go . then Shane Wolf rise out of the water , haul the Professor up . he cut the Professor 's gag . plummer scream . Shane remove he mouth piece . Shane do not seem the slight bit faze by the circumstance . shane Lieutenant Shane wolfe , United States navy . I be gonna get you outta here . but you have to do exactly what I say , when I say it . my way -- no highway option . do you copy ? ( plummer nod , terrify . ) where 's the briefcase ? the Professor gesture across the room , where a metal briefcase be float . Shane calmly handcuff it to he own waist . as the water rise , to the roof . plummer how do you know where I ... Shane stick the mouth piece into plummer 's mouth , give he he oxygen . ext . on the deck - simultaneous 4. the armed Guards stop shoot into the water . one of we seal call out to they , in perfect serbian : seal keep shoot ! the Guards fire again . the seal speak into he neck mic . seal ( cont 'd ) give it a second , they be almost out of ammo . the seal call out : " shoot more , more ! " they do , until there 's nothing but empty click from they gun . seal ( cont 'd ) now Lieutenant . chopper 's four meter at you 10 o'clock . int . ship be hold - continuous just before the water envelope he and plummer ... shane ( into he mic ) I have get the prof and the case . first round 's on I back at Virginia Beach . Shane take a deep breath , and pull himself , the Professor and the briefcase under the water . ext . ocean' surface - moment later Shane and the Professor rise to the surface as the boat falter behind they . Shane pull out a retractable crossbow . it click open and he shoot a cable into the belly of the helicopter above he . shane hold on . int . helicopter - a second later Shane appear at the Pilot 's door , hold the Professor . Shane address the Pilot in perfect serbian . shane you know how to swim ? the Pilot nod , terrify . Shane toss the Pilot out . Shane swing into the hot seat and grab the control , pull the Professor in behind he . 5 . on the surface of the water - continuous the seal on the jet skis salute Shane in the chopper , then disappear gracefully back into the water . int . helicopter - continuous Shane smile , clearly he love this kind of day . he look beside he , the Professor look terrify . the Professor take out he mouth piece . plummer oh my God . I can not believe you ... how would we ... that be the most incredible ... Shane stick the mouth piece back in the Professors ' mouth , shutting he up . shane better keep that on `til we get to the rendezvous point . plummer ( through the mouth piece ) why ? poison gas ? shane ( be : the oxygen ) no. I be just not big on chit chat . ext . mountain clearing - a little later a pave Hawk sh - 60 helicopter , rotor whirling slowly , wait . Shane 's chopper appear from behind a tree line and set down atop the mountain by a stream . Shane and Charles sprint from the chopper towards the wait Hawk . Charles stop Shane . charle Lieutenant , thank you . ( he pat he briefcase ) you save more than just my life today . can I call my wife to let she know I be okay ? shane negative . not imperative to the mission . we have to keep move . I have strict order to get you out of here safely . charle I be safe , Lieutenant . please . she think I be dead . ( then ) do not you have a family ? 6 . shane ( this get he : ) make it quick . Charles pick up he briefcase . he hold the lock up to he mouth and whisper into it : charle Joe , Todd , lulu , Peter , Tyler . the briefcase pop open . Shane look at he , puzzle . charle ( cont 'd ) my kid . it 's voice activate . design it myself . I do security , that 's my specialty . ( gesture back : ) that guy back there try to get this case open for five day -- could not crack it . and you should see what happen to you if open it without the code . I have a picture of my kid in here , you want to see it ? shane negative . Charles take a cell - phone out of the case . Shane look in the case : it 's empty , except for the phone and a family photo . Charles dial he cell phone ... nothing charle battery 's dead ... Shane consider , then hand he he satellite phone . Charles dial , and talk ... charle ( cont 'd ) honey , I be alive ... int . pave hawk - continuous Shane climb in the Hawk and approach the cockpit . the pilot sit , back to he . shane we be almost ready . just give we a - the Pilot slump forward ... dead . Shane turn - shane ( cont 'd ) Professor , run !!! wham . Shane drop , knock unconscious . all go black . 7. ext . pave hawk - moment later the helicopter be on fire . Wolf lie facedown in the stream . he look around , barely conscious . shane's p.o.v. : everything be a blur , in slow-motion . he see Charles , unconscious . a huey helicopter land . a very tall man step out , and take Charles ' briefcase . there be huge explosion , as the chopper ignites . everything be ablaze . Shane reach out , grab the picture of Charles ' kid then go unconscious . F ade to black : EST . hospital - day title card : 1 month later int . hospital - day Shane lie in a hospital bed , despondent . his arm and face bandage . Shane 's Captain enter : bill fawcett ( 35 ) -- friendly , unassume . he look like he have not sleep in day . Shane salute he with he bandage arm -- it hurt to salute , but he do it anyway . shane Captain , sir . bill as you be Lieutenant . Bill sit down beside the bed . he take a long look at Shane . he hold a report in he hand . bill ( cont 'd ) we have be through a lot together Shane . you be the best man I ever train . and a good friend . shane ... I know sir . and I except full responsibility for the mission 's failure . bill why the hell do you let he use the satellite phone ? shane he have to call he family . a lapse in judgement on my part that I regret sir . 8. Bill shake he head , disappointed . he pull up a chair , and sit opposite Shane . bill ... plummer be the best security expert the department of defense ever have -- a genius . he be work on a program that scramble launch code . he call it g.h.o.s.t. : guide High -altitude scramble transmitter . one pulse from the ghost satellite and a country can not launch its own nuke . that 's what the serbian kidnap he for , but they could not get S inside the briefcase . shane the case be empty sir , as I state in my report . Bill consider this . then ... bill not a surprise , really . not like the professor to hide thing where someone might look for they . g.h.o.s.t. be still out there , ( Bill smile : ) which be why I be go to give you another shot . Shane sit up . he can not believe he good fortune . shane Sir . thank you . I ... appreciate you confidence . invigorate , he pull off bandage , disconnect a iv , and start to rise . shane ( cont 'd ) I will need to put a team together . I be gonna need the mini sub , I need access to a ep3 ary 2 spy plane ... bill ( interrupt : ) negative . it 's not that kind of mission . Shane listen , intrigue . bill ( cont 'd ) two day ago , I get a call from the professor 's wife ... widow . she tell I someone have break into she home . searched the place , top to bottom . ( more ) 9 . bill ( cont 'd ) she 's scared . the family 's scared . whoever kill the professor must think g.h.o.s.t. be in that house . maybe it be , maybe it be not . either way , I need someone to stay at that house , and protect they . and while you be there -- find out if the program be in there . shane that 's it ? why would you want I for that , sir . bill the professor 's wife request you . Shane be surprised ... Bill pull a tiny tape recorder from he pocket , press play , we hear professor plummer be voice . charle ( o.s. ) honey , I be alive . listen : a lot can happen between here and home -- if anything happen to I , call Lt. Shane wolfe . he 's a good man ... anyway , I should go . I will call you in a hour . I love you . Shane be shocked , hearing the dead man 's voice . bill ... you gotta problem with this mission ? shane sirnosir . it 's just that ... I have never be very good with kid , sir . not even when I be a kid sir . CUT to : int . shane's apartment - night Shane pack he duffel bag . he open a drawer : there 's five t-shirt , identical to the one he wear . he open another drawer : five khaki pants , also identical to the one he wear . he open the closet : there 's a massive fur - collare coat . hm . he reject it . Shane pack he duffel with military gear : gps compass , night vision goggle , camouflage vest , machete ... they all go in . Shane head to the door , then go back to he chest of drawer . he reach in , and pull out a small , old medal : the ribbon be fade and fray . he look at it for a moment , then unzip he suit and pin it to the inside , like it 's a lucky rabbit 's foot . 10 . ext . suburban STREET - afternoon a taxi door open . Shane look like a bad ass , ready for anything . he step from the taxi onto a adorable troll doll on the sidewalk . it squeak . Shane 's p.o.v. : Julie 's unkempt suburban house , with toy all over the lawn , and a " bless this mess " welcome mat . Shane double - check the address . the sprinkler go off . Shane dart to the door and ring the bell ( it 's one of that long cheerful doorbell ) . we hear tiny feet approach -- then the door swing open , Shane look down -- and see lulu , 8 , peer up at he . Shane eye lulu . lulu eye Shane , then : lulu Mom ! there 's some weird bald guy at the door ! slam . lulu shut the door in Shane 's face . Shane frown . we hear heavier footstep approach . emale voice ( o.s. ) ( before she see Shane : ) look , if you be with the Hare krishnas , we be not interested ... the door open revealing julie plummer . Julie hold naked baby peter , 2 . she see Shane , and stop , a little startle by he size ... shane ( salute : ) Lieutenant Shane wolfe , report for duty . julie of course . I be so sorry . thank you for come . she hug he . he 's not quite sure what to do -- he 's a rock , he do not flinch . julie ( cont 'd ) come in and meet the rest of the gang . int . plummer house / foyer - day it 's warm and quiet . Petite Julie scream up the stair - 11 . julie kiiidd !!! Shane startles , cover he ear . julie ( cont 'd ) get you butt down here and say " hello ! " and then three pair of foot come down the stair . lulu , zoe , 15 , and todd , 14 line up like the perfect family portrait . Todd 's hair hang in he face . he wear a sid vicious shirt and a long trench coat . julie ( cont 'd ) you have already meet lulu . this be Peter , Zoe and Todd . kid , this be Lieutenant wolfe . he 's the man who be go to be stay with we for a while . all the kid except for Todd - kide hi . Shane nod , stern . on the stair , a romanian maid walk by , carry a baby . julie and this be helga and Tyler . Shane nod hello to they . shane ( official : ) ma'am ... baby . julie kid , go finish you homework . and I will be check . Zoe , lulu and Todd climb back up the stair . Julie lead Shane into ... int . live room - day Julie sit , Shane stand " at ease " ( which do not look " at ease " at all ) . shane you have a pleasant family , mar 'am . 12 . julie Charles be not around too much . his work take he all over the world . he would be go six or seven month at a time . so I think for the young one it 's a little confusing . Zoe and Todd ... well , they be deal like you normal teenager . maybe in Todd 's case semi-normal . shane Mrs. plummer , I have to tell you that I do everything I could ... julie Charles be in a dangerous business . I know it when I marry he . no one 's to blame here . ( beat ) everyone think that Charles tell I or the kid where he hide it . and until g.h.o.s.t. be find , we be all in danger . shane nothing will happen to you family as long as I be here . I have deal with much ... suddenly from behind Shane 's head a duck appear and nibbles he ear . Shane spin in full fight stance . he see the duck ... and relax . sort of . julie that 's Gary . he be Charles ' . the duck quack angrily . confused , Shane return to " at ease , " keep one eye on the duck . shane Mrs. plummer - julie call I Julie . beat . shane ... Mrs. plummer , I will go secure the perimeter . julie I be glad you be here - 13 . but Shane be already go . CUT to : montage . military music plays : Shane secure the area . he pace off the yard . he mount surveillance camera in the eave . he attaches contact alarm in the door and window . Shane climb a telephone pole , open the circuit box and tap the phone . Shane , now wear a ear transmitter , crawl through the shrub , hide electric eye . nighttime -- the family eat dinner . we slowly pull out ... through the kitchen window ... and reveal Shane with night vision goggle on scoping the property . the phone ring inside . through the window , Julie casually answer it . Shane touch he ear transmitter and listen as he walk into the house . bill ( o.s. ) Julie , it 's Bill fawcett . I have some potentially good news . julie what be it ? bill ( o.s. ) a safety deposit box under Charles ' name be just find in Switzerland . I think it could contain ghost . julie that 's wonderful . this could all be over ! bill ( o.s . ) there 's a catch . swiss law say only he family can access it . I be go to need you on a plane tomorrow morning . int . live room - night Shane , listen to the conversation , enter - julie I will be there . 14 . Julie and Shane share a look . int . plummer house / foyer - morning Julie , with she suitcase , Shane , helga and the kid stand in the doorway . Zoe listen to she I - pod ignore the hug Julie give she . julie do not worry about the kid , helga will handle everything . ( worried : ) but if there be a emergency , all the emergency number be on the fridge . and on the phone . and on the back door ... zoe Mom -- we will be fine , chill . julie ( a little choke up : ) I know , it 's just ... I be a mom , it 's my job to worry . ... I love you guy . I be gonna miss you . I will be back in 48 hour . and guy , whatever Lieutenant wolfe ask you to do ... do it . okay ? a will the child nod in agreement except Zoe who pop she chew gum bubble . julie ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant , I do not want you to worry about anything except the safety of my child . helga will take care of everything else . shane do not worry . they will be safe with I . helga everything will be fine , Mrs. plummer . Julie get in the car and it drive away . Shane turn back to the kid who loom in the doorway . helga ( cont 'd ) tell I , be you license to kill ? shane ... no . helga ( she frown ) too bad . h S 15 . helga trudge up the path and in . int . upstair hallway - night Shane , on a short ladder , screw in a surveillance camera into the corner of a wall when he hear : male voice ( o.s. ) prepare to be annihilate ! lulu scream . the sound of machine gun firing . immediately , Shane leap off the ladder and bound down the stair two at a time and into the ... int . house / family room - night hane rush in -- and find lulu scream and giggle in front of a video game . Shane shake he head . shane could you turn that dow - and Shane spy half of Todd 's face peek around a corner stare at he ... S shane ( cont 'd ) hey - Todd disappear . waaaaa !! waaaaa !! Shane spin , look around for the crying baby ... can not find he . shane ( cont 'd ) ... where 's the baby ? without look lulu point . a diaper Peter stand in the half full aquarium , pour in cheerios . helga enter hold the wail Tyler . Gary suddenly fly by - - whrrp ! Shane duck . Shane scowl at helga : shane ( cont 'd ) you run a very loose ship . helga you do not like it ? you be the seal . you do something . I make bottle . elga stomp out . Shane head down the hall , when in the corner of he eye -- he see a figure scurry across the back lawn . Shane turn off the light . he shut off the window alarm and sneak out silently . 16 . ext . plummer house - back yard - continuous the yard be litter with toy . in the middle be a trampoline . he spot the figure climb the trellis . Shane run , jump onto the trampoline . he fly in the air and latch onto the figure . they both tumble to the ground . Shane yank off the dark figure 's hood , revealing scott ( 16 ) a nervous teenager . he 's daze , but alright , wear sharper image night vision goggle . scott ... Zoe ? Zoe run out the door , set off the piercing alarm . zoe he 's my boyfriend , tool . shane so you be the one who break in . Zoe -- go back inside . zoe okay , fine ... come on Scott . Shane grab Scott by the scruff of the neck . shane not with this kid . ( to Todd : ) you -- gimme twenty ! freak , Scott fumble for he wallet and give Shane a twenty dollar bill . shane ( cont 'd ) I mean push -up ! befuddle , Scott start to do lame push-up . Shane grab the back of Scott 's shirt , lifting he in the air , spin he away from the house like a marionette . Scott run off , call out from across the street . S cott ... I will call you , Zoe ! Zoe storm inside . Shane stand there , fume . the alarm 's still blaring . the window of the house next door open : a Korean couple , the chun , pop they head out . they be argue with each other in Korean . Shane address they , in perfect korean with subtitles : S S 17 . shane my apology . we have a intruder . a simple misunderstanding . mr. chun ( perfect English , no accent ) we speak English , kojak . shane oh. sorry . mrs . chun ... look , about the 2000 decibel alarm and the kleig light and stuff ... we own a bakery , so we be up kind of early . would you mind ? shane sorry . Shane pull a remote control from he pocket and click it . the alarm stop . mr. chun thanks a bunch . oh , and we find this in we pool filter ... try to keep that zoo reign in , huh baby -sitter ? Mr. chun toss he the troll doll and slam they window shut . Shane 's about to head inside , he pull a tiny camera phone from he pocket , and snap a shot of the chun 's car in they driveway . I int . plummer house - night hane march Zoe up the stair . loud , angry rock music blare from Todd 's room . shane you mother think you be in real danger . you should have tell she the truth . zoe who do you think you be -- my dad ? Zoe start to turn -- then suddenly spin and try kick he in the crotch . but Shane catch she foot -- and whirl she away . she have to hop on one foot , to not fall over . he " hop " she down the hall to she room . S W 18 . zoe ( cont 'd ) let I go ! it 's Saturday night . I have plan ! Zoe 's back to she door , Shane flip she foot in the air . Zoe fall backwards into the room . Shane shut she door . shane not anymore . Shane march back down the hall , bang on Todd 's door - shane ( cont 'd ) light out . todd ( o.s. ) bite I ! Shane frown , continue down the hall . he pass the nursery ( Peter and Tyler 's room ) , where helga be sing a lullaby : ( as annoying have something barney might sing ) . elga when you be down and low , lower than the floor . and you feel like you be not get a chance . do not make a move `til you be in the groove , and do the Peter Panda dance . just hop three time like a kangaroo -- she do a little " dance " that go with the lullaby : she hop forward three time , then " crab- walk " sideways . helga ( cont 'd ) sidestep twice , just like the crab do . Three step forward , one step back . she do . the Children , in bed -- laugh and laugh . helga ( cont 'd ) then quick like a turtle lie on you back ! riggle like a snake `til you can not no more . he wriggle on the floor . then jump up , to they bed . Shane shake he head , keep walk - shane this family 's in for a rude awaken . T Z Z T 19 . ext . plummer house - dawn the sun rise over the neighborhood , warm orange light . int . house - same time everyone be asleep . in the bedroom , a series of shot : L Tyler snore in he crib . Peter in he bed . ulu be surround by stuff animal . odd be out cold , motionless . oe be wrap in blanket . until a trumpet blare " reveille " ! Zoe jump , like she 's be electrocute . oe huh ? wha --?! int . todd be room - morning Todd sit up , disorient , not understanding what 's happen . the whistle get louder . suddenly he door fly open -- and Shane stride in with a boom BOX . Todd blink groggily . todd w- what be you do ??! shane you be burn daylight . move. move . odd it 's Sunday ...! ( he squint at a clock ) and it 's six a.m . you be insane . Todd pull the blanket over he head . Shane flip the mattress over spilling Todd to the floor . shane now move it ! Todd scramble to he foot and out the door . int . hallway - continuous all the little kid be crying . cover they ear . helga run through in hair curler , half - asleep and angry , carry the cry baby . L 20 . helga ( she curse in romanian ) shane hey . not in front of the kid . S he give he a look of disbelief . helga what 's it matter ? nobody speak romanian . shane usca mi- as chilotii pe crucea lu mata ! helga narrow she eye , shocked . helga ( she curse again , in romanian . ) Shane 's jaw drop . int . kitchen - later the child be assemble , line up tallest to shortest . at the end on the floor be baby Tyler , suck on a bottle . Shane firmly start he patton speech : shane listen up , lady . you behavior be unacceptable . in order to maintain a state of safety we need to maintain a state of discipline and order . I have only get one rule : everything be do my way . no highway option . do you copy ? lulu do you copy ? shane what ? I say -- do you ... lulu ( " copying " he ) what ? I say -- do you ... shane do not copy I ! ulu make up you mind . L 21 . Shane start to speak then think better , he 's furious . everyone stare blankly -- a tense silence . it 's break by the sound of a large AIR bubble from the aquarium . ulu ( cont 'd ) p eter farted . everyone crack up . Shane try to maintain decorum . he reach into he bag and unpack a set of small high - tech security bracelet with a red light and a cover button . he strap one to each kid 's wrist . shane track device . now that I know I can not trust you ... never take they off . the panic button be only for emergency . touch that -- you better be die , or you be dead . zoe I be not wear that . just because my mom 's paranoid do not mean we have to take order from you . he yell at she , Marine sergeant style : shane let I explain how the chain of command work . I tell you what to do -- and you do it . end of chain . now I be not gonna have time to learn you name . so you be -- ( point ) Red 1 , Red 2 , Red leader , Red baby ... wait , where 's the older male ? there be five . helga ( mysterious ) he walk like dracula , with footstep silent like death -- Shane look to Zoe for translation . zoe he 's in he room . angry , Shane bound up the stair . int . upstair hallway - same time S hane march to Todd 's shut door . he try the knob , but it 's lock . Shane bang hard on it . S 22 . shane Red 4 ! open this door ! no answer . Shane turn away from the door and donkey kick it ... smash ! the wood crack , then crash inward . the entire frame collapse . int . todd be room hane charge in - shane it do not have to go down like - Todd be not there . down the hall -- a flush . oops . int . hallway - night the bathroom door open , and Todd come saunter back . he see Shane , the destroy door and wall ... shane all I need be a hammer and some plaster of Paris . I can fix this . a piece of the ceiling fall , hit Shane on the head . todd can I get by ? embarrass , Shane step aside , then mutter - shane here 's you bracelet . if you would be wear it , this would not have happen . Shane snap it onto Todd 's wrist , and head down the hall , patrol . Zoe come up the stair , to she room . she stop at Todd 's door -- they glare at Shane . zoe he have to go . Todd nod in agreement . int . plummer house - morning - later S hane do one - hand push up in the live room while the duck watch . with he other hand he load the photo of the chun 's license plate into he laptop computer . his head shift , he hear something suspicious -- the rumble of a car approach . L S 23 . he rush for the front door , click he alarm remote and open it , just as -- whack -- the morning paper connect with he face , hard . from off - screen we hear a paperboy . paperboy ( o.s. ) sorry dude ! Shane rub he nose . lulu scream at the top of she lung . Shane turn , to see that Peter be chase she , wear a towel as a sheet . he pretend to be a ghost . peter whhhoooooo ! lulu stop it , Peter ! lulu hide behind Shane . Peter booos again . lulu scream . shane hey , hey , good soldier be not afraid of anything . lulu this house be haunt . daddy even say so . he say there 's a ghost . and then it hit Shane . his eye light up . shane really ? and where be this ghost ? ulu I do not know . I have never see it . int . hallway - later Shane walk slowly down the hall . as he walk he glide he hand along the wall , feel , push , scan the ceiling . search . I int . stairway - same time Todd and Zoe kneel on the stair . they surreptitiously pour cooking oil all over the wood . then -- a creak . Zoe whisper . zoe here he come ...! Zoe and Todd run downstairs and hide behind the couch . F 24 . Shane stride to the top step and rap on the wall . he rap again , listen for hollow space . nothing . Shane lift he leave foot out to take a step down ... when he hear a alert from he laptop . he go back to the live room , then turn he attention to he laptop . mr. chun 's photo appear next to a vehicle registration . Shane scan it ... Todd and Zoe 's face fall . the footstep again - todd he 's come back - but helga , carry a huge laundry basket , appear , take a step onto the stair -- helga ahhh !!! bump ! bump ! bump ! she fly down the grease stair , banging she head and ass on each step , all the way down . inally , bam ! helga hit the bottom with a mighty crash . she scream , as laundry flutter down from above . T ight - zoe and todd they gulp , terrify . zoe uh-oh . ext . swiss bank - day establish . int . swiss bank - day Bill and Julie , look jet-lagged , sit across a desk from a swiss banker . he seem to be about 100 year old . he 's read a huge stack of paperwork with a magnify glass , mouth along in french . it 's take he a long time . they wait patiently -- till they patience run out . bill as we discuss , this be a urgent matter . the banker put up a finger to " shush " he . then look back to the paperwork , then lick he finger to turn the page . he lick he finger again , but can not get the page to turn . 25 . he feebly get up , and shuffles across the room to a water cooler . he fill a paper cup with water and shuffles back to he desk . he dip he finger in the water to turn the page . julie can not you call somebody ? do something to get we around all this paperwork ? bill sorry . not in Switzerland , I can not . Bill can not stand it anymore . he jump to he foot . bill ( cont 'd ) this be absurd . if we can not get some faster service , we be go to have to file a complaint . the banker look at he blankly . banker marcel ! another banker , marcel , enter . marcel oui. banker je not comprende pas . marcel ( to Bill and Julie : ) I be so sorry , the chief do not speak English . but I can tell you -- you will have access to the box tout-suite . as soon as you background check clear . julie thank you . how long be that ? int . plummer house - same time helga , suitcase in hand , head to the door -- Shane try to block she path . Peter 's in the aquarium . the duck fly around , quacking . helga aggh ! this brat ! sugi pula ! shane Red leader , remain calm -- 26 . helga I be calm . I quit , that make I calm ! shane let 's not be hasty . suddenly , ring ! amid the chaos , Shane move for the phone . helga take the open and run for the door . he grab she suitcase . as she try to wrestle it away , Shane pick up the receiver . shane ( cont 'd ) hello - -- ( see helga crawl away ) do not even think about it . the suitcase handle break off , and helga dash for the door . Shane dive , grab she foot . he drag she back . shane ( cont 'd ) ah , Mrs. plummer . ( cover the phone , so Julie can not hear the struggle ) no no -- everything 's fine . you be gonna be go how much longer ? here 's a pause , the camera dolly / zoom as he say it : shane ( cont 'd ) five business day ? elga 's shoe come off -- helga fall forward , and Shane fall back , against the counter . shane ( cont 'd ) that be not a problem . just do my ... he pick up he hand , that land on a diaper . shane ( cont 'd ) duty . helga 's at the door . Shane body - check it close . helga struggle to get he off . crunch . helga chomp down on Shane 's hand ... shane ( cont 'd ) ah! thing be great !!! you do what you have to do . Shane let go . helga scamper out the door . 27 . shane ( cont 'd ) take care , Mrs. plummer . Shane hang up the phone , as helga make a dash down the path to a wait cab . ext . house - continuous Shane chase helga to the cab . shane Red leader ! I command you to come back ! that be a direct order ! you can not leave a man behind !! helga jump in the cab . shane ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) I do not know the Peter Panda song !! as the cab pull away , in the rear window , helga glare back , then do a obscene romanian hand gesture . angle - shane his jaw drop in disbelief . he drop he head , defeat . then -- he slowly glance up . across the STREET the Korean couple be stare at he , dumbfounded . korean woman do not worry , if she love you , she will come back . angle - shane rise , take a deep breath and stride inside . int . house - continuous Shane enter ... to find the kid be all gloomy . the baby cry . Shane awkwardly pick the baby up . shane okay , listen up . there 's be a change of plan . you mom 's not come back as soon as she think ... 28 . lulu ( worried ) when be she come back ? shane soon . in the meantime , we be just gonna have some more big fun . todd that 's what we have be do ? lulu but tomorrow 's a school day . zoe I need a sign release for Driver 's Ed ! lulu I have get brownie ! Shane react , inundate . shane whoa , whoa ! halt ! we will take this hill one inch at a time . only then can we rise to the challenge . all for one , and one for all ! lulu ( sing ) " be all that you can be ! " shane that 's Army . I be navy . but I appreciate you enthusiasm . nice moment . until -- fwrpppp ! shane ( cont 'd ) tell I that be the duck ? fwrppp ! we zoom in on the baby 's leer face . hane quickly move the baby away from he body . pure self - preservation , everyone bolt from the room . shane ( cont 'd ) hey. hey ! nobody will help . even Peter run , hold he nose . 29 . close - up - shane he gulp . int . bathroom - moment later Shane enter , hold out the baby at full arm 's length . he lower Tyler onto a change pad , take a deep breath , then pull out plier and a screwdriver . use the tool as chopstick , he cautiously unfasten the diaper ... and then -- it flop open . sshane groans , repell . shane the thing I do for my country . Shane try approach -- he can not do it . aghast , he look around for a solution . then : Shane pick up the baby and dip the bottom half in the toilet , then flush , over and over and over . int . hallway - night Shane patrol the hall , make sure all the door and window be lock . lulu be in she pj' . a hand tug on Shane 's shirt , he look down to see lulu . lulu hi . Zoe think you look like the hulk . I think you be cute . shane ( unsure how to respond ... ) thank you . lulu do not go away , she just stare at he , it start make Shane uncomfortable . lulu do you know kung fu ? shane affirmative . lulu do you ever punch someone so hard that they head come off ? hane walk away from lulu . she follow . Shane be again twirling the medal in he finger . lulu follow at he heel , like a puppy . 30 . lulu ( cont 'd ) what 's that medal for ? shane none of you business . lulu I will trade you a spongebob button for it . Shane walk room to room , pull down the shade on every window . lulu ( cont 'd ) be that so people can not hurt we ? he bend down to she level , and try to sound sweet : shane I think -- it 's time for you take a nappy - poo , in beddibye land , little girl . lulu look at he , like he 's a idiot . lulu do I look like I be five to you ? lulu sulk off to bed , and shut off she light . all the light be out , all the kid asleep . Shane breathes a sigh of relief , and patrol . int . kitchen - breakfast - morning the kid be dress for school . on the table in front of each place be a tan bag . the kid sit down at they designate spot , confuse by the mre 's ( meal ready to eat ) in front of they . shane what be you wait for ? dig in . Todd , lulu and Zoe all tear open they bag . Todd pull out a bag of corn beef hash and a snicker bar . Zoe pull out a bag of fettuccine alfredo and some match . lulu take out a bag of turkey slice and a coffee packet . Shane smile , proud of he accomplishment . the kid stare at " breakfast , " dubious . shane ( cont 'd ) do not worry , I can get lot more of that . and I have survive off this stuff for month . 31 . zoe like I be really gonna eat all that carb . Shane turn to address they : shane okay , lady . you mama -- be not here to take care of you now . so -- here 's how it 's gonna be . we be gonna pull together , all for one , one for all . if I say in , you stay in , if I say out , you go out ... Peter stand in he chair , dance ... peter ba ba do the hokie pokey ... shane I do not say at ease ! Peter 's eye fill with tear . zoe he 's only two , he do not have any idea what you be talk about . I do not have any idea what you be talk about ... Shane sigh . lulu ask Shane : lulu can you kill a man with you bare hand ? shane you play too many video game . ( then : ) yes . lulu ... I can cross my eye . wanna see ? shane negative . lulu cross she eye at Shane , then at Tyler -- who scream at the top of he lung . Shane turn to lulu . lulu Tyler hate it when I do that ... Peter start bawling , too . he run away , cry . the table cloth be yank to the floor . and the phone ring . Shane answer , try to hear over the scream . 32 . shane plummer residence ... yes , I know it 's Monday . oh . thank you , sir . he hang up . Zoe smile at he , innocently . zoe who be that ? shane you vice principal . he say if you be late again , you and Todd be expell . he want to see you in he office . with you ... legal guardian . int . garage - moment later the garage door open , dramatically unveil Shane . he 's wear Tyler in a snuggle . across he chest , he 's get a bandoleer of baby - bottle and juice box . Shane can not hide he contempt as he see : Julie 's white minivan . a bumper sticker declare " World 's greatest Mom . " Shane put Tyler in a car seat . its interlock buckle connect four way . Shane fumble with it for a while . it just do not add up ... lulu we be gonna be late . shane not on my watch . Shane tie the buckle in a fancy knot . ext . garage - moment later the car speed out of the drive , backwards at sixty m.p.h .. it do a skid 180 and head down the street . ext . east bethesda k- 12 school - 9:29 a.m. a big suburban school , buss and parent be park at the curb , student of all age be hurry inside . the minivan skid completely sideways , into a tiny parking spot -- a death defy , perfect parallel park . int . principal be office - moment later close up on : a stopwatch . it hit zero , and at that moment , the school' bell ring . holding the stopwatch be the vice principal murney ( 50' ) . he 's huge and mean . 33. murney I always say this kid do not need a baby sitter , they need a parole officer . look like Mrs. plummer finally listen . he glare at Shane , and the kid : Shane sit with Tyler in a snuggle , hold Peter on a harness , as he play on the floor . the kid be seat around he , mortify . murney ( cont 'd ) ( to Shane ) what 's you name , son ? shane wolfe . Shane . Lieutenant . I be in charge of watch this kid for ... a few day . murney be unimpress . murney aby -sitter huh . well , whatever work you can get . I be Murphy . duane . v.p in charge of discipline , conduct and truancy . top to bottom , k through 12 . you be in my house now , boy . I coach wrestle , too . ( be : Todd : ) and the creeper here play hookey from every wrestle practice this month . the kid crack up . murney be furious . murney ( cont 'd ) she 's miss twenty - two Driver 's Ed class . out of twenty - three . they be the worst student in my school . oman' voice you school ? murney grimace as principal claire nelson ( early 30' ) enter . she 's attractive , assure , tough . he wither . principal claire good morning kid . what be you do in my office , murney ? murney I be explain , that as vice principal , I be in charge of .... 34 . principal claire very little . I think I ask you to find out who stick to the baloney slice to the cafeteria ceiling with mustard ? murney I be get some lead . ( then , confidential : ) my informant 's about to crack . principal claire then hop to it . I think I can handle this from here . the open the door for murney . he exit , fume . the bell ring . shane Red 1 , Red 2 . get move . the teens hustle off to they class . Shane check he tracker -- two little red dot move away . good . principal Claire eyeball he ... stare he up and down , as he casually hold the three kid . principal claire so . you be the new baby -sitter ? shane bodyguard . you see , Mrs. plummer call my captain , she think the kid need - principal claire it 's okay , Lieutenant , I be brief of the situation by Mrs. plummer . she tell I all about you . she notice navy seal tattoo on he upper arm . Claire see this -- and suddenly react , impressed . principal claire ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant , huh ? you with " the team ? " ( Shane nod . ) petty Officer third class Claire Nelson at you service . shane ... you be kid ? principal claire four year at Naval base coronado . the service pay for my college . 35 . Shane stare not sure whether to believe . on the spot , Claire look nervously around . she lift she pants leg ... revealing a tiny anchor tattoo on she ankle . shane " honor , courage ... principal claire commitment " . that 's the way I live my life , and the way I run my school . shane can not be too careful . so. permission to stick around and keep eye on the kid ? she smile . principal claire permission grant . welcome aboard . just try not to frighten the child . shane no one will even notice I be here . jump CUT to : ext . east bethesda k - 12 school - mid-morning Shane , dead serious , ( Tyler in snuggle ) be riding the see - see in the school 's playground . Peter ride on the other side with a group of kide , to balance Shane . Shane type on he laptop : claire nelson . a picture of Claire in a Naval uniform pop up as well as she stat ... shane clean as a whistle . Shane close the computer , pick up a pair of binocular . binoculars p.o.v. as Shane go from window to window of the school : Zoe be glaring at he through the window from she seat in a class . Todd , sit in the back row of a class , yank he hood over he head . lulu wave from 2nd grade , delighted . along line of first grader wait for the seesaw . shane ( cont 'd ) back off . official Business . 36 . on the playground : Shane stand with he baby snuggle . Peter be run in circle around he on he harness , like a tether ball . he check he tracking device ... int . cafeteria - lunch time binoculars p.o.v. : five hundred student eat at long table . Zoe , with a group of hip friend , turn she back to he embarrassed . Todd , in line to get lunch , do the same . lulu see Shane and wave . Shane put down he binocular . he turn to the person in front of he , with stern intensity . shane give up now . save we both a world of pain . now -- last time : open the hanger , Black Hawk come in . reveal : Shane be talk to Tyler , in he safety seat -- try to get he to eat . beside Shane , Peter be destroy a sandwich with animal cracker . shane ( cont 'd ) open in T minus three , two , one ... Tyler gurgle , ignore he . Shane sigh . principal Claire sit next to Shane with she lunch tray . principal claire what would you say be the secret with kid , Mr. wolfe ? shane show no weakness . rincipal claire I will drink to that . ( she toast , with milk . ) Shane ... can I call you Shane ? shane ... sure . principal claire so . when you agree to serve you country , I bet you do not know you would be serve cream bananas to one year old , huh ? Shane give she a look . principal Claire smile . 37 . shane hey -- I out rank you , you know . principal claire not here , you do not . you be on dry land , lieutenant . ( she look at he chair ) well , not so dry where you be sit , I guess . Shane see that Tyler be pour he juice box all over Shane 's pants . he yank Tyler away from he . shane oh , man ... Tyler start to cry -- but Shane stop he from cry by make a funny face . Tyler laugh . Claire smile . principal claire do not take this personally -- but you be pretty good at this . seriously , I be impressed . a whole day , and all three plummer 's stay out of trouble . that 's ... unusual . suddenly there 's a huge crash around the corner , and the sound of student in a uproar . Shane hand Tyler off to the principal and leap over the table ... int . lunch - line - continuous student be in a ring , cheer , as four student in wrestling jacket hold Todd . one reach down and give Todd a " wedgy " then another wrestler punch he . Todd slip out of they hold and deck the wrestler . vp murney be watch , but not stop it . Zoe , in the crowd , cheer Todd on : zoe kick he butt , Todd ! Shane and Claire push through the student . as soon as they see the principal , the crowd freeze . rincipal claire who start this ? silence . then vice principal murney step forward . murney he do . ( Todd ) 38 . principal claire Todd start a fight with five student at once ? Shane turn to Todd , and " punch fist " with he , impressed . murney the kid 's mix up . look at he . principal claire if I catch anyone on the team fight again , next week 's tournament be off . I do not care who start it . murney smirk , and give she a " I will handle it " wink . murney you hear the lady . any more fight and there will be no more wrestle . personally I think that 's a little harsh . boy will be boy . ( low , to Todd : ) ` scept for plummer here . Todd lunge at he . Shane effortlessly grab Todd and judo flip he -- Todd land on he foot , stick the landing . no one be more ssurprise than Todd and Shane . shane ... Nice move , man . the Bell ring , the crowd break up . murney approach Shane . murney pretty slick , frogman -- I be a black belt myself . s' why they ask I to coach the wrestle team . murney make a loud kung fu cry and throw a punch , stop a inch from Shane 's head . Shane do not flinch . murney ( cont 'd ) see -- total control . maybe you could stop by practice , we would show the boy how a couple of pro do it , what do you say ? come on , promise I will go easy on you . shane ... sorry , sir . I be on duty . 39 . murney oh , yeah . that 's right . I forget you have to baby -sit . maybe some other time then . Shane put a arm over Todd 's shoulder . Todd shake he off and head to class . murney snicker to Claire : murney ( cont 'd ) look like pretty boy there 's all bark and no bite . principal claire ... do not even think it , murney . he would kill you so fast , I would not even have time to get my camera . int . school hallway - 2:55 Shane look exhaust . Peter be asleep in he shoulder , Tyler be cry , as he keep watch . the principal stroll up . principal claire another day , another dollar twenty , minus tax ... be not you gonna change he ? shane I would love to , for one who will eat , and not cry . principal claire that 's not what I mean , Lt. then Shane smell what she mean -- Tyler 's diaper be full . Shane recoil in disgust , hold Tyler out like a grenade . shane oh -- change he . Roger that . uh ... panicked , he push Tyler towards the principal . principal claire sirnosir . not my job . shane but ... principal claire instruction be right on the box . bathroom 's down the hall . have fun . 40 . just then , a alarm in he jacket goe off . he look at he tracker : it 's flash red 3 red 3 . Shane hand off Peter and Tyler to the principal . shane emergency ! int . 2 nd grade hallway - continuous Shane run down the hall , follow he tracking device . it lead he to a door . he burst though it , do a shoulder roll . int . 2 nd grade classroom - continuous 2 nd grader be sit on the floor . lulu be in front of the class , with the panic button in she hand . the board read : show and tell . Shane land in fight stance -- the class applaud . next to lulu be a very upstage little boy with a frog . lulu stick she tongue out at he . lulu see ! my nanny can kick you nanny 's butt . Shane be furious , but the final bell ring . at that moment , he tracker alarm sound again . he look : close - up on the tracker screen : two dot label red 1 and red 2 , be head away from the school fast . I int . hallway - continuous Shane run with lulu through the mob of kid . he hand she to the principal . shane thanks . ext . east bethesda k - 12 school - continuous Shane dive into the minivan . the dot on the tracker be head North . he speed away after they . ext . busy intersection - moment later the blinking dot on he tracker be side by side , racing down the road ahead of Shane . they make a sharp right . Shane make a right , almost tipping the minivan . he blast through a red light . 41 . ext . in front of a construction site - moment later he turn a corner -- a plywood wall surround the site . he leap out of the minivan . he look at the tracker : Zoe and Todd be dead ahead , through the fence . ext . construction site - continuous two big construction worker be stand on the other side of the plywood wall -- Shane kick out one entire section , and charge through . construction worker what hell do you think you be do ? he turn around , to see several construction worker , all brandish tool . shane tell I where the kid be and I will let you all live ! construction worker buddy , you be about to get a beat down . Three worker rush he . Shane easily take they out . the remain worker give Shane a scared look -- then run . angle - shane he 's alone . he catch he breath , then check he tracker . Todd and Zoe 's beeps be come from a manhole . Shane pries off the manhole cover . he look down . in the manhole - it 's dark and dank . no sweat . Shane lower himself down . int . sewer - same time Shane land shoulder deep in disgusting sludge . he wince , then check the tracker -- the dot be close , foot away . Shane trudge through the river of muck . shane Red 1 ? Red 2 ? it 's horrific . the dot beep louder . he 's almost there ! he splashes around a corner -- then gasp -- he see the blink light below the surface . he take a deep breath and dive under . he come up for air with zoe and todd' homing beacon . a note be tie to they : " ha ! ha ! " 42 . int . plummer house - live room - later principal Claire sit with the kid in the live room . from outside , they hear the front door open , and the sound of ominous , squishy footstep . then the door swing open , revealing Shane , look like a swamp creature . everyone gasp , then cover they nose . a cute young cop enter behind Shane . Todd stiffen . Zoe fix she hair . the cop look at they . cute cop 14 year old male , weird hair . 16 year old female . ditto. ( into he radio : ) cancel that a.p.b.. the cop turn to Shane , with a smirk . cute cop ( cont 'd ) in the future , use we nonemergency number . that 's the one to call if nobody 's fleein ' or bleedin ' . the cop leave , Zoe check he out as he go ... claire Shane be you okay ? shane ( eerily calm : ) just fine , thank you . cover she nose . the smell be bad . claire I should probably get go then . if you need anymore help ... call . she practically gag as she pass he . Shane look around at Scott and Zoe , he do not say anything , but with he hand he make a " my eye on you " gesture . int . bathroom - later Shane be in the shower . he pour a entire bottle of shampoo over himself . int . back yard - day Shane burn he clothes in the barbecue . 43. int . kitchen - later Tyler be in a high - chair , Peter rock in a cradle-sw . Shane enter , in just a towel . he see on the fridge ; helga be shopping list -- all junk food . he look at it , cring in disgust , before he notice : sitting around the table be lulu 's entire brownie troop - - a dozen little girl in uniform , they be stare at he . the brownie applaud , and whistle . brownie oo hoo ! hubba hubba ! Shane cover up and leap into the family room , pull lulu after he . int . family room - continuous shane who be that people ? lulu it 's my troop , it 's Monday . Monday , Wednesday and Saturday be troop night . shane ( o.s. ) get rid of they . lulu I can not . everybody 's parent go out on troop night . they will not be home `til ten . Mom 's we de mother . lulu start to sniffle , close to tear . lulu ( cont 'd ) tonight we be suppose to sell cookie . shane selling cookie be not imperative to my mission . lulu we have to . if we do not sell enough cookie , we can not go the jamboree , and if we can not go to the jamboree . ( whisper : ) come on , Shane . you gotta help I out . they already think I be a loser . and it 's not like I have any other friend , cause mom never let I out of she sight ... 44 . lulu 's about to burst into tear . Shane sigh . int . kitchen - moment later Shane , back in " uniform , " pace in front of the brownie troop . they be assemble , at attention , indian style . shane alright , lady . here 's how it 's gonna be . tonight , I be gonna be you de -- commander . that mean if you want to live to see tomorrow , do as I say . do we understand each other ? the brownie stare art he in stunne silence . brownie de mother ? ... I be scared of you . shane good . now -- wait here . int . live room - a little late the brownie be in the live room , unpack box of cookie , get ready to go . Zoe 's on the phone . zoe ... yeah , he 's a total psycho . I think mom find he from one of that tough Love boot camp or something ... Shane blow pass she , revving a cordless power drill . various shot : as Shane use the drill to seal every window and door . he 's not just lock they -- he 's screwing they shut with drywall screws . int . zoe' bedroom - moment later Shane 's finish up the last window . zoe this be totally cruel and unusual ! you can not do this -- we could run out of air ! Shane lift she window so it 's open a half inch , then drill it into place . Shane usher the troop out the door , then load Peter and Tyler into two snuggle -- one attach to he front , the other to he back . Shane close the front door and attaches a " Club " lock to it . 45 . ext . driveway - moment later Shane load the brownie and toddler into the minivan . as the minivan pull out of the driveway , the camera crane up to ... zoe' window : Inside , Zoe pick up the phone , hit speed-dial . zoe .. he 's get we on lock - down , it 's like Oz or something . no , not munchkin Oz -- HBO oz. ( she listen : ) hm ... I dunno if that 's a good idea , Scott ... ext . grocery store - parking lot - afternoon Shane pull the minivan into the crowded parking lot -- the brownie be all sing 99 bottle of beer on the Wall at the top of they lung . ext . grocery store - moment later Shane ( double -snuggle ) help the brownie set up a card table to display they cookie . shane I gotta get supplies . I can see you through the window , but if anything happen ... lulu ( flash she bracelet ) I know . int . grocery store - moment later Shane watch the brownie on the store 's close circuit monitor , as he push a cart into the store . he look around at the bright , colorful box of Children 's cereal , rainbow fruit Roll - up , snack pack ... nothing look familiar -- nothing even look like food . he see : a huge , 100 pack value case of spam . he smile . Tyler look at he -- " what be you , nut ? " ext . grocery store - continuous the brownie be try to sell the cookie , but they be very shy . shopper blow pass they without even notice they . one of the brownie spot something ... 46 . brownie oh no ... they be back . slow motion : in a shot out of reservoir dog , we see who she mean : a group of bad ass , chubby cub scout . they be head straight towards the cookie table , menacingly . ugly cub scout ( to another scout ) hey skeever , what 's stinky and float `til you flush `em ? 2 nd scout brownie ? the scout cackle . the Ugly scout yank a box of cookie away from lulu . he rip it open , dump the cookie on the ground and grind uthem with he foot . ugly cub scout this be troop 16 territory . how be we suppose to sell raffle ticket when this place reek of you skanky cookie ? 2 nd scout beat it , before I get my face punch badge on you . the brownie take off run , clutching they box . one of the scout grab lulu -- she tug and tug , but can not get away . finally , the cub scout take she scarf . he laugh , and let she go . the cub scout high - five . ext . grocery store - moment later Shane head to the brownie 's table -- but lulu and the brownie be go . in they place be the chubby scout . shane where be my troops ? ugly cub scout ... I have not see anybody , you skeever ? 2 nd scout nope . you wanna buy a raffle ticket ? we be try to win .22' . around he neck , Shane 's monitor start beep . Shane take off run in the direction of the signal . 47 . ext . parking lot - second later Shane run up to the minivan . the brownie be huddle behind it , tremble . shane what happen ? ( no one answer ) well ? lulu that boy over there break we cookie . Shane eye the cub scout . Dead serious : shane well then -- I be afraid I have to eliminate they . if I do not come back -- avenge my death . he head toward the scout . the brownie scream . brownies no ! Shane stop . he bend down , and point at lulu 's panic button . he firmly tell lulu , who 's close to tear : shane this be not a toy . I be here to protect you . not cookie . get in the car , we be go home . brownie you can not take we home yet , you be suppose to take we to dinner . shane where ? int . chuck E. cheese - a little later - day a extreme cu of the Chuck E. cheese manager . he wear brace and head - gear , which cause he to lisp . manager welcome to Chuck E. cheese ! wider reveal ... chaos . scream child everywhere . on stage , the Chuck E. cheese automaton band jam . shane I wish I be in Chechnya . a little later : 48 . brownie be run around , play video game and skee ball . Shane 's watch Peter , in the plastic ball pool , while he hold Tyler in the snuggle . the manager approach Shane . manager anything elsh I can do for you ? shane in a big glass ( he show he ) this much ice ... this much cyanide . the manager laugh , but the headgear seem to hurt he face when he smile . manager how `bout a re-fill on that pischer of mischer pibb ? shane what ? manager ( gesture : ) pischer of mischer pibb ? mischer pibb ? frustrate , the manager pick up a pitcher and exit . lulu approach , she grab Shane by the sleeve and drag he over to the stand up mortal kombat game . lulu let 's fight ! shane I be watch you brother ... lulu I press two player . I think you like combat . unless you be scared . Shane do not like the sound of that . he step up to the machine . he crack he knuckle , stretch . then he take a joy stick . he check over he shoulder -- Peter 's happily splash about in the plastic ball . on the screen : they each select a fighter . lulu pick a small female character . Shane pick a man who look like shane . they begin , lulu scream out with she fighter , in unison : video game / lulu prepare to be annihilate ! 49 . she leap over Shane in a somersault and throw a dozen throw star . then kick he in the head repeatedly . shane that 's not fair . nobody can jump thirty foot . lulu the hulk can . shane that be not a documentary . the second round start , brownie have gather around to watch . lulu 's fighter do a series of kick . Shane can not even get one punch in -- she pin he to the ground , kneel on he head , then kick he in the face . Shane be take it really seriously . he 's really mad . shane ( cont 'd ) this be not fair . my joystick 's break . lulu you wanna switch ? they switch side . round three start . lulu 's fighter pick up Shane 's in the air , spin she , then crack she in half over he knee ... and then a kick in the face . shane ( be : the snuggle ) you do not have a baby on you chest ... lulu 's have fun now , she 's just avoid Shane 's fighter , dance , jump , while he pound the button , swinging and miss ... Shane 's really fume . lulu you be not even try ... shane I am too try . lulu too slow ... come on -- take a shot ... oop too slow ... swing and a miss ... she keep dance . it 's really annoying . Shane 's work the joy stick hard , slamm button , but he can not hit she . he be ko would . she do a very obnoxious victory dance . 50 . lulu ( cont 'd ) in you face ! I be the great hand - to - hand combat champion in the entire world ! Shane scream and rip the joystick off the machine . spark fly . Shane look around to see if the staff notice . he and the brownie sneak away , leave the sizzling machine , its joystick dangle by its wire . int . plummer house - live room - continuous Zoe 's on the phone , the Zhouse be quiet . zoe Mom -- stop worry . intercut with : int . HOTEL room - continuous julie ( on the phone ) I be a mom , it 's my job to worry . zoe seriously , everything 's cool . the guy 's just a control freak . julie it 's only a few more day . I hate leave you , but you know I have to do this . I love you . zoe I know . do not worry , we be okay . tonight I be just do homework -- in my cell . int . plummer house - live room - continuous as Zoe hang up , we widen out : the house be packed with teenager : they be keep quiet until the phone be in its cradle , then the teenage dj start the music back up . Zoe look around at the mess . she turn to Scott , who do not seem concerned at all . zoe dude , this be outta hand . who be all this people ? scott jus ' mar peep . and the folk who read my blog . 51 . Zoe roll she eye , then notice a weird sweaty kid , who 's throw mustard cover baloney slice at the ceiling , where they stick with a satisfy squish . zoe dude , not cool ... various shot - the plummer House : - its a huge party : the place be jammed , kid everywhere . - teenager come and go through the kitchen 's doggy door . ext . mall parking lot - continuous Shane ( Tyler in snuggle ) , load brownie into the minivan , count they . barking at they like Marines : shane move , move , move ! go go ! ext . suburban road - moment later Shane drive , the brownie be sing 99 bottle ... again . suddenly , a look of horror come across Shane 's face ... he spin the minivan in a 180 and floor it . int . chuck E. cheese - later - dusk Shane ( Tyler in snuggle ) burst in , the brownie follow . we see what he forget : peter , still happily play in the pool of plastic ball . the manager be watch he . manager I figure you would come back for he -- they almost always do . shane inexcusable , to leave a man behind like that ... manager relax , we once find a kid in the ball pool when we open in the morning -- Shane wade into the ball pool and pull Peter out , which be fine , except that he 's missing he diaper . manager ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa . not okay , freestyle in the ball pool -- not okay . S 52 . Shane grimace . he hold he breath , and go down for the diaper . he disappear under the ball -- for a long time . the manager and the brownie share a concerned look . he 's still down there . silence . lulu should we send someone in after he ? he surface , gasp . he 's hold the diaper , out away from he . he charge across the room with the diaper . shane clear out ! go go go ! and he burst out the other door , at a full run . ext . plummer house - night Shane be exhaust , as he pull up in the minivan . he get out -- and groan in disbelief . it 's insanity : hip hop blast , gyrate teenager everywhere , chugge drink , make out , pee in the bush , jock throw football . reeling , Shane take lulu , Peter and Tyler up the path . he protectively guide they past the craziness -- until a football suddenly whizhes by . outrage , Shane snatch it mid-air -- then crush the ball . pop ! hane give a blood-curdling stare . shane Party 's over . the jock flinch , scared , then run . Shane unlock the club lock off the door . int . plummer house - kitchen - continuous Inside be worse , a total wreck . Zoe 's dance with Scott . Shane drag the needle across a record at the d.j. 's turntable . everyone recoil from the horrible sound . shane no one leave until this house be spotless ! I want to be able to eat off the floor ! the latrine ! Hell , I wanna be able to eat in the kitchen !! nervous glance -- then everybody suddenly run for the back ! Shane be confuse , try to understand ... 53. then he intuitively dash past they ! he 's scoping the surroundings ... window ... vent ... ah ! the doggy door ! Scott be halfway through the doggy door when Shane grab he ankle and yank he back in . Shane hold Scott upsidedow by he ankle . shane ( cont 'd ) oh no you do not . now , we be gonna do this my way -- no highway option . just then : a mustard soaked baloney slice drop from the ceiling , stick to the top of Shane 's head . plop . Shane 's eye narrow , he take it off , try to maintain he dignity . he fume ... shane ( cont 'd ) start swabbing , lady . he hand Scott the mop . Scott gulp - and start mop . dissolve to : cleaning the house . miserable teens scrub . in a bathroom , Scott and Zoe , in playtex glove , furiously clean . Scott scrub the toilet with pinesol as the duck swim in the top of the toilet . scott this be officially the worst party ever . zoe it be you idea ! I do not even know most of this loser . int . plummer house / study - night Shane inspect the house , as kid clean . Shane wipe a finger down the sofa . clean . he lift the sofa , and rub he finger under it . he hold it up to a kid ... residue . the kid quickly start clean again . a girl reorganize a stack of CD be . Shane go over they , straighten -- then he notice something . he pull out a CD : it be a home - burn disk , label with a sharpie . it read : ghost . oh my god ... CUT to : ext . plummer house - simultaneous two dark clad figure watch , through binocular . they see Shane find the CD , and walk out of sight . 54 . int . plummer house / study - continuous Shane quickly tuck the CD into he pocket . CUT to : ext . plummer house - almost dawn a long line of exhaust party - goer file out . Scott 's the last one to leave . int . plummer house - various Shane work he way through the house . it 's spotless : counter top glisten , furniture polished . it look like better Homes and garden . he head upstairs . Zoe blow past he -- into the bathroom , where she throw up . Shane sit down , outside the bathroom door . zoe ... thanks a lot , rambo . my friend will never come here again . shane that people be not you friend . they show no respect for you or you house . because you have no respect for yourself . zoe I do too respect myself . ueasy , she puke again . Shane hand she a handkerchief . shane you get barf on you tank top . ( announce : ) company , downstairs ! he walk down the hall , Zpound on door . zoe you be not my dad ! Shane stop . lulu and Todd step into the hall . Zoe get up , shaky and furious , and scream in Shane 's face . zoe ( cont 'd ) we hate you , you hate we . you be like a robot . why do not you just leave we alone ? silence . lulu 's cry , Todd pick she up . Shane stand , helpless . after a beat ... 55 . shane you be right , Red 1 . I be not the man for this job . lulu Shane --! shane in all my year I have never be treat with such disrespect . not even from the enemy . do not worry , as soon as you mom come back , I be go . suddenly -- the power go out . shane ( cont 'd ) now what ? zoe ( sigh , tired ) it 's Scott ... shane puberty ... talk do not do any good . go to you room . suddenly , two ninjas , all in black burst in through the window . Shane spin in fight -stance . shane ( cont 'd ) ( to the kid :) go! terrify , Zoe and Todd scoop up the kid and rush down the hall . the ninjas pull a retractable kendo staff . wield they with great skill . it take all of Shane 's skill to fend they off -- the three fight , close - quarter and fast . until Shane pull down attic 's spring - load folding ladder and clock a ninja with it . he go down , but Shane be shocked from behind by the other ninja . the ninjas attack , fiercely -- they be good . they kendo staff hiss with a powerful electric current . the ninjas knock Shane backwards down the stair ... ninja ghost -- hand it over ! they leap down after he , pound he with they staff , knock he into ... 56 . int . playroom - continuous there be toy everywhere -- like a tornado hit a toy - R - US . Shane fend the ninjas off . he spot a baseball bat , and grab it , face they , fiercely . they step back ... shane okay -- who want some ? Shane swing the bat down on a ninja 's head : it 's a whiffle bat , it make a silly thunk . Shane and the ninja share a surprised look -- then the ninjas charge . Shane fend they off with he whiffle bat . with he foot , he pick up a fisher price corn - popper , and use they both to fend off blow . it rattles and pop as he fight with both toy -- until a ninja break they with one blow . Shane see a farmer JOHN talking game . he jump up onto a shelf and grab it . he pull the string , and swing the plastic disk like a deadly bolo . farmer JOHN game the rooster go ... whack , he hit a ninja in the head . he swing the Farmer John like a bull whip -- until a ninja knock the shelf over . Shane crash down , toy fly , several furbies hit the floor . they echo the fight : furbies ow ! ow ! Shane see : the ninjas be wear only ninja sock -- no shoe . he grab a barrel of lego , and fling they all over the floor . the ninjas move towards he -- the lego and jack dig into they foot . ninja / furbies ow ! ow ow ! crap ! the ninjas fight as they hobble around , avoid lego , Shane run to the change table , then violently squeeze desitin at a ninja , blind he . Shane hang in the doorway and swing at they , kicking a ninja in the chest . the ninja crash through the window ! he other ninja look up , fearful . suddenly he grab a bottle of baby powder . he spray it in Shane 's face ... poof ! the room fill with a cloud of white . angle - shane 57 . he squint , blind . the cloud dissipate ... and Shane see he 's now alone . he run to the break window . outside : the ninja 's be long go . Shane bang the window sill , disappointed to have lose they . int . hallway - second later compose himself , Shane approach Zoe 's door . he quietly knock . shane kid . it 's safe . you can open up . a long pause -- then the door creak open . the kid run out and hug Shane with all they strength , bawling . Todd and Zoe enter , terrify . Shane be not sure what to do ... then , he hug Peter and lulu . he really hug they . lulu please do not leave we Shane . shane I be not go anywhere . he hug they , even Zoe be cry and hugging Shane . zoe I be sorry for give you a hard time . shane shhh ... it 's okay . todd who be they ? what do they want ...? shane they be look for a program , that you father invent . zoe so Mom 's not paranoid ? there really be people out to get we . he take out the CD label ghost . shane they be not after you . they want this . but nothing 's gonna happen to you , as long as I be here . and I be not go anywhere . 58 . the kid shudder , relieved . they hug he tighter . he look Zoe , eye to eye . he dry she tear : shane ( cont 'd ) but I can not do this without you help , okay ? we need a little more cooperation here . ( the kid nod ) tell you what -- let 's start over . from now on , you listen to I , and do what I say . ( to Zoe and Todd : ) and I ... I will listen to you too . deal ? truce -- okay ? Zoe and Todd nod . Shane offer he hand to shake . they shake -- then they hug he , too . int . live room - moment later Shane and the kid sit around Shane 's computer . Shane slip the ghost CD in the disc drive , push play -- shane c'mon c'mon c'mon ... close - up - computer monitor the SOUND come on : it 's music . " unchain melody . " and then , picture : demi Moore and Patrick swayze at a pottery wheel . Shane be furious -- a long pause . then ... Zoe laugh : she can not help it , it 's be a long night . then , the other kid join in . soon , even Shane be laugh too : the telephone ring -- they all jump , startle . Zoe answer it , all smile , she try to play it cool and not frighten she mother : zoe hey mom we be fine , absolutely nothing happen you should worry about . nope . Shane take the phone . shane Mrs. plummer ... two man try to get into the house tonight . we intercut : int . HOTEL room - continuous julie oh my god ! 59 . shane no - it 's okay . they be go , everyone 's fine . they be look for ghost , but they do not find it . you have any luck ? julie well , yes and no . we find something in the box ... but we be not sure what it be . Bill think it 's part of the ghost . it look like some kind of " key " . we just do not know what its for . she hold up the strange , metal two pronge key . julie ( cont 'd ) the good news be I will be home in two day , as soon as the custom paperwork clear . shane ( very genuine ) ... so soon ? we be just start to have fun . do not worry -- we will be just fine . ext . school - morning early morning , student run in to school . the minivan pull up , and Shane emerge with the five kid . shane I gotta warn you guy : from now on , I be gonna be stick even closer . int . lulus classroom - day the teacher show the child how to dye Easter egg . angle on lulu , make a mess of a egg . she smile . angle on Shane , squash at a little desk . he dip a egg in some purple dye . ext . school parking lot - day Driver 's Ed . a obstacle course with cone . Zoe nervously drive a small sedan , a craze teacher next to she . he be gesticulate , scream , reacting each time she hit the gas , then brake , hit the gas , then brake . Shane stand off to the side , shaking he head . Peter and Tyler be tight in they snuggle . 60 . int . lulus classroom - later the teacher hang a series of cute " Turkey Hand " drawing above the blackboard ( the kind where you finger make the feather ) . she hang one of a huge hand , and smile at Shane , who sit in the back , sunglass on . Shane nod , " yeah , I know it 's good . " then ... voice ( over the PA : ) will Shane wolfe please report to vice principal murney in the gym . lulu 's classmate all chant , in unison : second grader ooooooooh ! ( you be in trouble ! ) int . the gym - moment later Shane enter . Zoe sit in a fold chair , mortify . she be hold a break - off side view mirror . murney stand , principal Claire next to he . they look concerned . shane do not worry . so , she wreck a driver 's ed. car -- she will pay for the damage ... murney that ? Lady driver , what do you expect . no , it 's not that -- it 's the boy ... shane Red two ? I mean Todd ? Claire nod . Shane give Zoe a look . Zoe shrug . principal claire ordinarily I would wait for he mother to return ... but -- I be a bit concerned , and I be not sure what to do ... shane have he be skip class ? principal claire well -- yes . he do always miss sixth period . but this ... murney call into the hallway . Todd enter . Shane stop , in shock : Todd 's long hair be all shave off , he now have a bleach blonde buzz CUT , give he a " skinhead " look . 61 . murney this be how he show up to practice . and that 's not all . I be do a little be - con in he locker ... and I find this : murney hand Shane a book and Shane flip through it . it 's a book of photograph of nazi uniform . Shane scowl . murney ( cont 'd ) if he would have hustler or something , boy will be boy -- but this be just sick . shane he 's not a nazi . principal claire it 's certainly not normal . ( pull Shane aside . ) see if you can talk to the boy . find out what 's go on . Shane shake he head : Todd be worse than he think . Todd and Zoe stand to go , and Shane walk they out . the wrestling team be assemble , stretch . they snicker and shake they head at Todd , as he pass . Shane walk the kid out , and murney chase after he . murney hope you will not go light on he -- that whole family 's no good , if you ask I . shane I will talk to he . murney you be a good man , Shane . Bet you be a hell of a fighter on the mat , huh ? ( Shane ignore he , and keep walk . ) maybe sometime we oughta strap up , we will give this boy a treat . he " fake - punch " one of he boy -- who flinch like murney have maybe hurt he a couple time . murney laugh . shane another time , maybe ... murney it 's a date then . I will show you a couple move . I promise I will not hurt you . 62 . Shane walk away . without warning , murney let out a kung fu scream , and leap at Shane , kick he in the back , Shane trip forward to he knee . murney tell he team : murney ( cont 'd ) see that ? you never know when you adversary be go to strike ! shane do you kick I in the back ? be there a footprint on my jacket ? Shane dust off he back , and leave . murney come on frogman ! do not be a sissy ! Shane turn back . it look like Shane might fight , but instead he take a deep breath , and leave . murney shake he head , and snicker to he team . ext . plummer house - a little later the minivan pull up , with Shane and all the plummer pile in . Shane park , Todd run towards the house . Shane hold Todd back by the arm . shane wait Todd , I want to talk to you ... odd yank he arm away and run into the house . int . todd be room - continuous Shane knock on Todd 's door . nothing . he enter . the window be wide open , Shane check he window alarm -- there 's a refrigerator magnet stick to it , keep the contact , so the alarm do not go off . shane smart kid . Shane look out the window -- far down the block , he can see Todd , run around the corner . Shane hop out the window . he see Zoe , peer out she window . shane ( cont 'd ) Zoe , you be in charge . if anyone get within forty click of the perimeter , signal I . keep all door seal , do you homework , preheat the oven , and make sure lulu brushes she tooth ! 63. he start to shut the window , but the duck leap up on the sill . shane ( cont 'd ) you want in or out ? the duck leap out . Shane screw the window shut . on the corner , Shane see Todd climb on to a CITY bus . Shane pick a girl bicycle up off the front lawn . it 's pink , with a flower basket . it 's small for he , but he hop on and pedal furiously after the bus . ext . CITY STREET night - moment later Shane , on the girl - bike , pedal after the bus . a few homeboy watch he pass , curiously . he nod back , tough . ext . old warehouse - downtown D.C. - night - later the bus stop in a rundown neighborhood Todd hop off the bus . Shane 's arrive a moment later , drip sweat . he stashes the bike behind a mailbox ... Shane be p.o.v. : at the entrance to the old warehouse , Todd meet up with three other teenage boy , they be dress in brown hitler youth uniform , they head inside . Shane follow they , stealthily . int . old warehouse - continuous Shane follow the Hitler youth into a large room , set up with fold chair . he hide in a dark corner . Todd and the Hitler youth enter , and take seat . a creepy man in a scarf walk out , and stand in front of they . Shane watch as the man address the Hitler youth . man alright . all my Nazis be finally here . okay , I want all of you at attention . the Nazis stand at attention . Shane be horrify ... man ( cont 'd ) and on stage leave - ( he yell ) von trapps ! I need my von trapps ! hane watch ... as a group of blonde actor , all dress in lederhosen as the singing von trapp family enter , and join the " Nazis . " there 's also a few nun , a captain von trapp , and a maria . the creepy man be , in fact , a good nature , slightly foppish director . 64 . director okeydokey . start from where we leave off gimme rolf and liesl -- let 's give you be sixteen a run up der flagpole ... Todd head up to the stage , the director arrange he and the actress playing liesl ( 40ish ) into position . a accompanist begin on piano , Todd sing , remarkably well : todd you wait little girl , on a empty stage / for fate to turn the light on / you life little girl , be a empty page / that man will want to write on ... actress / liesl to write on ... todd you be sixteen , go on seventeen ... Shane burst into laughter . his whole face light up for the first time ever ... Todd and liesl dance . Todd be good , but nervous . he attempt a spin kick , but he slip , and hit the stage , clutching he ankle . he get up , and limp to the seat . the director walk onto the stage , upset . he look up , to heaven : director baby Jesus , have I do some unspeakable evil that I deserve to be saddle with the world 's worst production of sound of Music ? ( he shout , at the cast : ) we open in a week . the set 's not finish ... the cast be a bunch of clumsy goat -- every kick ball change would make Bob fosse dig himself out of the earth , so he could have a heart attack again . todd I be sorry ... I will get it right . director none of you will ever get it right ! which be why , I quit . he throw down he script . the cast be stunne . director ( cont 'd ) and with that , he exit stage right ... end scene . 65 . and , on he own cue ... he exit stage right , in a huff . the entire cast look to Todd , fume . Shane jump up from he hide place , startling everybody . everyone step back . Todd be terrify . Shane kneel down beside Todd . he close he eye , and begin rub he hand together like Mr. miyagi . liesl you gonna fix he ? shane no . my hand be freezing . Shane grab Todd 's ankle hard and unceremoniously crack it , and yank he to he foot . todd I be not go to quit . I hate wrest ... shane at ease . ( Todd shut up ) would you listen , just once ? look , I do not know a hell of a lot about this kinda stuff , but ... you be good . a lot to learn , but with hard work , discipline -- you could make a go of this . todd ... but what about murney ? shane that guy 's a idiot . Todd smile , relieved . they sit on the edge of the stage . shane ( cont 'd ) " sound of Music " be a great show . my dad take I to see it when I be a kid . Shane smile wistfully . Todd relax . todd you do not seem like the musical type . shane come on . Julie andrew be hot . todd what if ... girl will think I be ... weird or something ? 66 . shane you know what girl think be weird ? wrestling . Men in leotard pin each other to the floor ? I have never understand that . chick dig guy who can dance . todd do not matter now anyway ... show 's off ... it 's over . Shane look at the cast , they look pretty glum as they pack up they costume . Todd look devastate -- only a moment after Shane see he happier than ever . Shane straighten up , grab Todd by the shirt collar . beat . shane company -- CENTER stage ! everyone look around , they be not sure what to do ... off Shane 's glare , they quickly assemble on stage . shane ( cont 'd ) do you , or do you not have what it take to perform this musical ? there 's some mumble . liesl chime in . liesl we do not have a director ... Shane shake he head . shane no director ? I have direct rescue mission in Afghanistan ! I have direct numerous snatch and grab in country who 's name you be not allow to know . I have choreograph multi-pronged amphibious landing and stealth air attack ! ( full of bravado ) do you think I have the stomach to whip this production into shape , or not ? everyone nod ... Todd look up at Shane . he smile . todd yes . shane yes what ? 67 . todd / cast yessir . int . plummer house - upstair hallway - later Shane 's patrol the hallway . he hear Zoe in she room , breaking something , angrily . he peek in -- just as Zoe throws she cell - phone into the wall , furious . shane ... what 's up ? zoe ( embarrassed ) nothing ... it 's stupid ... Scott . I call he in he room , another girl pick up the phone . I know it 's no big deal . I do not know why I let it get to I . shane I do not see what you see in this guy . zoe it 's just nice to think someone 's think about you , you know ? S shane ( he nod ) it will not happen again . zoe ... no wait ! ... what be you gonna do ? you be not gonna hurt he be you ? promise you will not touch he . shane okay . I promise . I will not touch he . Shane exit . he turn out the light . int . lulus room - later Shane tuck lulu into bed . ulu tell I a story . Shane look at she surprised . he sit on the bed ... stumped . then he start : shane okay . let 's see . once there be a family of elve . ( more ) T S L 68 . shane ( cont 'd ) one day , the little elf family -- uh. go into the magic forest . to find a secret gnome ... facility , where gnome where turn mushroom into ... uranium . the elve have to go in and take it out . ulu why ? shane they be order to . by the elf unit commander at elf station bravo . so -- they wait for cloud cover , and they come in from the north ... as Shane finish the story , he illustrate , set up the scene with doll , on lulu 's floor . shane ( cont 'd ) the elf team decide on a L ambush -- so three elve form a base leg and laid down a heavy suppressive fire on the gnome while the other maneuver around to the right flank and walk through finish off anything leave alive ... I mean stand ... D issolve to : a hour later : Shane 's really into the story . lulu 's fall asleep . Shane 's eye be brim with tear as he finish : shane ( cont 'd ) ... and not one elf get leave behind that day . we get `em all . even , the teeniest little elf of all -- rodriquez . then , from across the hall , Peter wail . Todd pop he head in the door . odd you have to do the Panda dance ... or he will not stop . shane oh , c'mon ... I can not remember that thing . todd I will write it down for you ... the wail get louder and louder ... S 69 . int . nursery - continuous Tyler 's asleep . Shane sigh , and whisper to Peter , read from Todd 's note : shane when you be down and low , lower than the floor . and you be not get a chance . do not make a move `til you be in the groove , and do the Panda dance ... Peter start bawling . Shane do not know what 's wrong . Todd call from the doorway ... todd you have to do the dance . like dad use to do . he make it up for he . Shane sigh . he sing again , mortify . he do the dance as he sing ... Shane hop forward three time . S shane just hop three time like a kangaroo -- sidestep twice , just like the crab do . Peter applaud . humiliate , Shane crab-walk sideways . shane ( cont 'd ) take three step forward and one step back ... ( he do . ) ext . plummer house - morning - the next day as Mr. chun get he paper , Shane , ( Tyler in the snuggle ) , hand out bag lunch as the kid load into the minivan . Shane turn and catch Mr. chun , stare . shane what be you look at ? int . garage - moment later Todd sit in the back of the minivan , listen to sound of Music on he walkman , lulu be next to he , with she gameboy , Zoe and Peter be half asleep . Shane climb into the passenger seat . Zoe realize he 's stare at she , through the mirror . shane today you drive . T a 70 . the kid sit bolt upright . they turn to Zoe , terrify . she get out in shock , and get in the driver 's seat . the other kid 's seat belt click loudly . zoe but -- I can not even pass driver 's ed. shane exactly . zoe have you give a drive lesson before ? shane N to in a car , no ... but it 's a lot like a Bradley assault vehicle . todd especially when Zoe 's drive . the kid share a dubious look . Zoe back jerkily out . int . minivan - continuous Zoe be super - tense as they drive . Shane be nervous , but try not to show it . lulu and Todd be terrify . shane do you know what cause most accident ? ttention span . the most important thing be that you keep a absolute focus on ... Zoe 's look right at he , not the road . shane ( cont 'd ) the road ! do not look at I ... zoe what ?!? he minivan brake abruptly at a red light , just as a semi scream through the intersection . Shane be shaky . zoe ( cont 'd ) you wanna drive ? shane no. keep go . I trust you . Zoe be surprised . touched . she pull out , jerkily . S p 71 . ext . bethesda k- 12 school - later Zoe pull to the curb , almost tapping a bus 's rear fender . Shane unclench he tooth . shane good . next lesson , 1500 hour . Zoe smile . and the other kid all bolt from the car , terrify . lulu make a big show of kissing the ground . zoe ha ha ha . very funny . T hey head into the school . Shane spot something . another angle reveal : scott ( Zoe 's boyfriend ) , with a few friend , laugh , be obnoxious . Shane jump out of the car . before Scott know what 's happen , Shane 's lifted he in the air by he backpack . Scott 's terrify . shane I know 437 way to hurt a man without touch he . Broken promise lead to break leg . do we understand each other ? Scott nod , tremble . Shane let he down and head into school . int . bethesda k- 12 school , cafeteria - lunchtime Shane ( Peter in lap , Tyler in snuggle ) keep a eye on the kid at they table . kide boisterously run past . suddenly -- Claire bark out . rincipal claire child ... stop running !! the kid instantly freeze . Claire stride into view . she 's wear a cute dress , and a little make -up . principal claire ( cont 'd ) ( a long , severe stare ) now ... walk ! double time . chasten , the kid gulp and orderly march away . Shane 's eye alight , impressed . shane wow . I be glad I never have you for a CO . S T p 72 . principal claire ( she coyly smile ) I have notice improvement in you troops lately , too . noon and none of they have be call to my office . it 's a miracle . S he sit beside he , and offer he a milk . rincipal claire ( cont 'd ) buy you a drink , sailor ? shane thanks . hey eat in silence . shane`s not so good at small talk . she 's wait for he to say ... something . shane ( cont 'd ) you look nice today . principal claire this old thing ? well , you never know who you be go to run into . she smile . he smile back ... suddenly , there 's a commotion : murney be march Todd towards they , drag he by the ear . principal Claire sigh " not again . " in one move , Shane leap over the table . principal Claire watch he leap : principal claire ( cont 'd ) ... Love it when he do that . murney shove Todd forward . murney I have have it . I just catch this boy dance under the bleacher like some kind of bavarian fruitcake . murney get up in Shane 's face . murney ( cont 'd ) I want this freak outta my school and into treatment . somebody need to give this punk a talk to ... todd hey . I be right here . talk . E veryone be shocked that Todd talk back . a hushed whisper go through the cafeteria . murney turn around . m 73. murney you get something to say ? Boy ? todd yeah . yeah I do . I quit , murney . a hushed " oooh " go through the student . murney winner never quit , boy . what be you so scared of , freak ? the student snicker . Todd look , intimidate . then : todd I be not scared . I ... I want to sing . silence . no one 's sure they hear he right . Todd pull out a stack of SOUND of music flyer and hand they out . Todd be on the poster in he rolf costume . principal Claire take one : she laugh , now it all make sense . todd ( cont 'd ) I be in sound of Music . it open Friday ... murney a musical ? you be blow off wrestle for a musical ? ( to Shane : ) this be what happen when there 's no man in the house . todd there be a man in my house -- I . ( murney turn : ) let 's get one thing clear . I be not quit cause I hate wrest . I be quit because you be a bad coach . you suck . the whole team want to quit . I be the only one with the gut to do it . m urney look over at the team . they look to the ground sheepishly , Todd 's tell the truth . murney look around , humiliate , furious -- urney so -- you be a tough guy now ? murney take one step towards Todd -- Shane step between they , protect he . murney ( cont 'd ) stay out of this , baby sitter ! murney glare at he -- face to face . so calm , it 's scary S 74 . shane you say you want to wrestle . you win . let 's do it . everyone be watch . murney do not expect to be call out . his voice crack -- then he regains he calm : murney after school . the gym . you ass be mine . he storm out . there be a stunne moment -- and then a mob of student , and a lot of cute girl , swarm Todd , take flyer . Shane give Todd a proud thumb up . a quick series of shot : of student whisper to other student , pass note : a kid open a note -- it read : " murney 's get he ass kick . 3:00 . " int . gym - 3:00 the bleacher be packed . murney strut out onto the mat . the two fighter begin circle one another . the wrestler scream for murney . Todd cheer Shane on . m urney on , you be about to enter murney 's house of pain . shane I will be sure to lock up when I be through . murney roar and charge Shane . Shane defensively use murney 's momentum to flip he halfway across the mat . wham . murney land on he back . the wrestler mouth drop . murney , shocked , climb to he foot and charge again , Shane side -step , and sweep murney -- send he right into the wall , hard . murney bound to he foot , rush Shane . Shane dive over murney , grab onto murney 's waist . Shane 's momentum pull murney backwards -- bam . murney 's shoulder hit the mat with Shane smile down on he . Todd flop to the mat , raise he hand and slap it down - todd pin ! Shane stand . Shane throw a arm around Todd , and they head out . the wrestling team huddle around murney , who 's quietly twitching on the ground , mumble something . S 75 . todd ( cont 'd ) be he okay ? shane dislocate nerve , that 's all . he will be fine in ( check he watch ) two month . todd that be awesome . they walk out . the crowd cheer . Claire , too . Shane S smile at she as he pass . she give he a thumb up . shane ( to Todd ) let 's go , Todd . I get my troops wait . CUT to : ext . forest - day Shane march the brownie through a forest . he wear Peter and Tyler in front and rear snuggle . shane if you be ever lose in the wood , the first thing you have to do be find a source of drink water ! and make sure it 's potable . if you be not sure , boil it for thirty minute ! the girl be loving it , fascinate . shane ( cont 'd ) you have to eat , right ? well let I tell you you be not gonna find girl scout cookie out here . lulu we be brownie . shane no brownie either . a lot of root be edible . so be some tree bark . when I halo would into rwanda , I live off the underground fern stem for three week ! Shane kick over a rock . underneath be crawl bug . shane ( cont 'd ) insect . they look nasty but they be full of nutrient that may save you life . 76 . he scoops up some bug and eat they . brownie he 's eat roly -Poly ! the brownie be freeze in shock . shane ( mouth full of bug : ) wot of pwotien ! E upbeat music kick in over the follow montage : ext . plummer house - front lawn - dawn Shane lead the brownie troop through combat exercise . in unison , the Girls punch , kick . punch , punch , kick . Shane 's get Tyler 's cradle next to he , in between punch , in perfect tempo , he reach out and rock it . the duck watch all this -- fascinate . ext . mall parking lot - early morning the lot be empty . Shane and Zoe sit in the minivan , Shane hold a stopwatch . he signal she , she burn rubber , and race through a slalom of orange cone -- she hit every one -- the wheel hub be clogged with cone . she skid to a stop just short of the " severe Tire damage " spike . int . nursery - day Shane change Tyler 's diaper with one hand . in he other hand he 's read the brownie handbook . it 's open to a page that read " knot tying . " int . old factory - day the cast be assemble on stage , where Shane have set up a scale model of the set on the floor . he illustrate the stage direction , by move around toy army man : S shane okay -- we will put von trapps here , here , and ... here at the top of the stair . now the Nazis be gonna come in , this way -- and the von trapp be set ... he laugh at he own joke ... the kid do not get it . ext . mall parking lot - day Zoe leap into the minivan through the window . Zoe peel out and weave the cone ... T I E 77 . she only clip one , it teeter , but do not fall . Shane give she a signal , she throw it in reverse and drive the course backwards . ext . plummer house - front lawn - day lulu , in she brownie uniform , tie a complicated knot -- we widen to see she 's tie Shane 's hand behind he back , as the brownie troop watch . he count " 1,2,3... " and then begin wriggle free . they watch closely . ext . mall parking lot - day Shane and Zoe be huddle under the minivan 's dashboard . Shane 's show she the ignition wire . ext . plummer house - back yard - day Shane have the brownie assemble . he 's attach sofa cushion to himself . the brownie attack , mercilessly . int . nursery - day Shane change Tyler 's diaper rapid - speed . hand a blur . int . old factory - night Todd and " liesl " work on the you be sixteen dance . odd ... you life little girl , be a empty page / that man will want to write on ... T odd try the spin kick , but blow it , landing hard . Shane blow a whistle . shane why do not we just let the Nazis win tonight -- huh ? now . from the top -- think of yourself as a gazelle prancing over the plain . graceful . Todd try the kick . thud ! Shane blows the whistle . shane ( cont 'd ) gazelle . prancing . graceful . again . int . nursery - night at the end of Peter 's crib , Shane perform the " Panda dance . " sing and do all the move -- he 's get it down , add a James Brown flourish , now and then . U 78 . shane do not touch that dial sleep for a while -- heaaay ! and say good night , Peter Panda . he do a spin kick . then he tuck Peter in . shane ( cont 'd ) good night , Peter . peter ( go to sleep ) good night , daddy . Shane be so touch , he almost burst into tear . he kiss Peter on the forehead . shane I be not you daddy , Peter . but sweet dream . montage end ext . " price club " store - evening the brownie sit at they cookie table beside the door . across the lot , the chubby cub scout , at they own table , see they . the scout head towards the brownie . U gly cub scout hey skeever , what 's in a girl scout 's pants when she have diarrhea ? 2 nd scout Brown ... he stop short , the brownie have move into a formation , ready to strike , lulu at the front : it 's ( kind of ) scary . lulu go away and we will not hurt you . the scout share a look -- they laugh . the head scout step forward and grab lulu 's cookie . in one move , she spin out of the way and pull off he neckerchief . gly cub scout gimme that ! he grab the neckerchief , but like lightning , she wrap it around he arm , tie he . she shove a cookie in he mouth . 79 . lulu uh oh . you be gonna have to pay for that . the scout struggle , the other scout be scared . ugly cub scout let go ! let go -- mommy ! she let he go -- in a flip , he land on the ground hard . lulu let out another " kia ! " the Girls move forward in unison , strike a cool pose . int . " price club " store - continuous Shane shop , wear the double snuggle . as he 's compare price -- he see , on the security monitor : the brownie attack the cub scout . he smile , proud . S shane that 's my troop . ext . " price club " store - a moment later the cub scout have all be tie with they own bandanas to the cart corral . Shane come out of the store , and catch lulu , use he " catchphrase . " lulu from now on , you do thing we way -- no highway option ! the scout nod , terrify . Shane give she a stern look , then laugh . int . van - drive - dusk Shane drive . the brownie joyously chant a MARCH . brownies I do not care what have be say , brownie rock ! full speed ahead ! give I guff , I be in you face ! brownie rule the human race ! shane sound off ! brownies one two ! Three four ! one two three four ! int . plummer house - upstair - later Shane work he way down the hall , check on the kid : N 80 . - lulus room : lulu be asleep . - todd be room : the door be OPEN -- Shane peer in . Todd have a switchblade . he be practice with it , click it open , toss it hand to hand . off Shane 's look : todd West side Story audition in two week ... Shane take the switch blade , and perform a amazing trick with it , spin sit like a pro . shane it 's all in the wrist ... he head down to Zoe 's room and peak in -- she' not in bed . he rush in -- but she 's out on ... ext . balcony - night Zoe sit on the railing , she seem sad . Shane approach . zoe do not worry . I be not gonna jump . shane what 's wrong ... Scott ? zoe o. Scott 's fine . I do not know what you do , but he 's really straighten up . Flowers , phone call . ... I have never be in love like this before . Shane nod . shane how long you be together ? zoe a month ... shane that 's longer than any relationship I have ever have . zoe you be okay , Shane . I be not use to anyone give I the benefit of the doubt . my teacher do not trust I . Mom do not . my dad do not care about we , he be never here ... Z Z S 81 . shane ( interrupt she , stern : ) hey . you father care about you very deeply . he tell I you be the great thing in he life . that what 's bother you ? Cause -- we can talk about it , if you want . Zoe 's eye well up , then she cry . Shane hold she . zoe I miss he so much ... Shane be a little take by surprise . then -- he decide to answer . he take he sfather 's medal out of he pocket . shane this be my dad 's . he be the only family I ever have . Mom leave when I be little , cause dad be always go . two year in ... a indisclosable locale . another six in ... another indisclosable locale . I do not really have a home , so I go to military school -- then one day my mom get the letter . no more dad . he look at the Medal . shane ( cont 'd ) I always want to be just like he . I be start to realize , I never really know he . I do not know if I be like he or not . zoe that 's horrible , Shane . shane the hardest part be live without any detail ... why ? how ? where ? I always wonder if he think about I . oe I too . so how do you get through it ? shane you could say I just shut down my emotion . I turn off all feeling and dedicated myself to become the perfect soldier . oe I never even get to say good bye . J 82. a tear run down Zoe 's face . she throw she arm around Shane . the phone ring . Shane answer it . intercut with : J int . HOTEL - continuous ulie 's on the other end . julie the red tape be clear up , we be on the first plane in the morning . int . hallway - moment later Zoe run down the hall , tell the family : zoe mommy 's come home ! mommy 's come home ! everyone wake up , happy , sleepy ! todd when ? zoe tomorrow morning ! peter mama ! excite , the kid be all abuzz , talk excitedly . angle - shane he 's leave alone . ext . back yard - late night the house be dark . Shane sit in a lawn chair , scoping the area with night vision goggle on . Gary sit in the next chair . Shane sigh morosely . shane just another assignment . no reason for personal attachment . Shane take a sip out of a juice box . he pet the duck . shane ( cont 'd ) hey Gary , you wing be not clipped . how come you do not fly away ? ( pause ) ( more ) T S S S T 83 . shane ( cont 'd ) I guess you have get it good . kid to play with . Three square a day . he duck stare , unblink . shane ( cont 'd ) all quiet on the western front . I guess I better fix that playroom window . S hane rise . int . garage - night hane turn the light on . Gary follow Shane as he look for tool . suddenly , the duck start quacking ... Shane turn . Gary 's foot be catch in a grate . shane what happen , Gary ? Shane get down on he hand and knee and gently pries Gary 's foot from the grate . Shane be about to stand when something below catch he eye . Shane pull out a pen flashlight , shine it down the grate ... we see a crank wheel . shane ( cont 'd ) what do you suppose this be ? Shane tug at the grate until it pop off . Shane grip the valve and try turn it . nothing . he try harder , muscle rippling , and then it give ... the wheel spin . he floor open , revealing a circular staircase , lead below the garage . Shane step down it ... int . bottom of stair - continuous there 's a small room , and a hall lead to a steel door . it 's solid and inscrutable . no hinge or crack . the only break in its surface be a strange , two - pronged keyhole . Shane look on stunne ... dissolve to : int . garage - morning Shane 's at the steel door . he have high - tech tool laid out in front of he . he 's be try , unsuccessfully , to crack the lock all night . the kid be watch he progress , lulu hand he a tool . Shane dial a phone . intercut : B S 84 . ext . sedan - moving we pan up from the white " US gov " license plate to Bill at the wheel . Julie sit beside he . Bill 's cell phone ring , he answer it . shane Sir ! excellent news . I think I find ghost . Bill react , excited . bill ... do you have it ? shane no . it 's in a steel vault . I have be try all night , can not crack it , sir . ill ( remain calm ) good ! good work . okay , do not do anything further . we will be there shortly -- do not do anything `til I get there . back to : int . garage - continuous Shane smile , pleased , and hang up . then we slowly move up . away from Shane ... towards the neighbor 's house . W e push into the house . through a window ... revealing the Korean neighbor stand in the dark . silently spying on Shane . a ominous pause . mrs . chun ghost . CUT to : int . garage - continuous shane one thing for sure . after we turn this in to my CO , whoever 's be bother you guy will not be bother you anymore . everyone react happily , relieved . except for -- lulu . she look stricken . shane ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , lulu ? you should be happy . I 85 . lulu but , Shane -- do that mean you will have to go ? close - up - shane he go silent . tongue -ty , he have no answer . shane you guy better get ready . you mom should be home soon . CUT to : ext . house - day Bill 's sedan pull up . Julie and Bill hop out . int . julie' house - moment later Julie open the door , come into the dark hall . Bill be carry she suitcase . julie I have a fight with Zoe when I leave , so they probably trash the place ... she trail off ... bill what 's wrong ? they listen -- they hear , in the next room , kid sing a beautiful , a capella version of the Hills be alive ( with the sound of Music ) . she turn on the light -- what she see make she drop she luggage , in shock . J julie' p.o.v. : the house be spotless . the rug be vacuume . the fish tank be clear , fill with healthy tropical fish . kide voice ( sing , a capella ) ... with song they have sung , for a thousand year ... dumb-struck , Julie go to the ... int . kitchen - continuous the kitchen be sparkling clean , no dish in the sink . she see , attach to the fridge with magnet : a flyer for sound of Music , feature Todd . ( B 86 . julie almost faint . Bill steady she . she stagger to ... int . dine room - continuous Shane and the kid be hold up a home - make sign : welcome home , mom ! Todd push stop on a CD player : the sound of Music stop . Zoe be in a conservative dress , Todd a button down and khakis : barely recognizable . lulu have bow in she hair . Peter be fresh face , smile , Tyler be asleep : a picture - perfect family . zoe welcome home , mom . Julie start bawling . the kid rush forward and hug she . across the room , Shane see Bill enter . Shane stiffen and salute proudly . S shane Captain . bill ( he smile wryly , then salute back ) good job , Lieutenant . int . garage - day Shane lead Bill inside . Bill hold the pronge key . ill I be really proud of you , Shane . I be give you you choice of assignment , anywhere you want . you just name it . shane that 's kind of you , Sir ... pause ) but I will have to think about it . Bill stop , surprised . Shane continue , a bit reluctant . shane ( cont 'd ) Sir , all I have never know be the military . at nine year old my father put I in cadet school and from there I never look back . do not get I wrong , I would not trade it for anything and I have no regret ... S S 87 . bill I should hope not . shane but be with this kid have make I feel like there 's more to life than take out you enemy . and I think I want to explore that some more . suddenly , a angry voice . man' voice put you hand up !! wide Shane and Bill spin , startle . the chun stride up , gun drawn . mrs . chun give US the key ! shane Mr. and Mrs. chun ? they check out - korean man h and up ! compliant , Shane put he hand behind he head . he take a submissive position ... Mrs. chun come closer , reach for Bill 's key ... Shane shoot Bill a glance ... shane now ! Shane spin and grab both gun ! he whack the korean ' forearm , while slamming they head together . hane take control ! he smile , relishing a second of glory -- when suddenly , crack ! a third gun butt he in the head . close - up - shane light out . he turn , startle , and start to fall . disorient , confuse , he look up as he drop ... shane's Pov he be lose consciousness . thing be spin ... woozy . B 88. korean man ( argue with Bill ) you promise we ghost month ago ! bill I be sorry , Mr. chun . there be delay ... Shane peer in confusion , then pass out . fade to black . fade in : int . nursery - moment later Julie and the kid be on the floor , tie up . Peter and Tyler be cage in the play pen . Peter have a juice BOX . the Korean man ( Mr. chun ) secure the room , close the window shade . Bill check the knot bind the child . they whimper , scared . L ulu shane !! bill he will not be baby -sitting you anymore . he gag the kid . Julie glare , livid . julie I trust you . Charles trust you . so do the Department of Defense . ill North Korea pay better . ( to Mr. chun ) keep a eye on they . you -- with I . Bill gag Julie . the kid be furious . Bill and Mrs. chun exit . int . garage - day Shane lie unconscious . Bill and Mrs. chun approach the steel door . Bill insert the two-pronged key ... and it click . the door hum , then slide OPEN ! Inside be a dark corridor . Bill grin . they enter ... int . secret vault Light be at the end . they anxiously tiptoe , reach ... 89 . the vault ! spare , bright and white . the floor be cover with square tile . at the far end be a large elevate safe . beside the safe be a red switch , with two setting : armed and disarmed . it 's set on armed . the air be fill with a ominous , low - pitch hum , like a monstrous computer . Bill eye the safe . bill you bring you stethoscope ? mrs . chun no . but I have get some c4 . she confidently stride toward the safe -- which set off hide flame - thrower in the wall . a jet blast of flame shoot out ! she leap back just in time , but the shoulder of she jacket be on fire . Bill pat out the flame with he own jacket . chun be bokay , just miss both eyebrow . ill Charles never make thing easy . Mrs. chun 's eyebrow be neatly , completely singed off . mrs . chun just ... have eyebrow ... do . int . house - same time Mr. chun guard the kid , eyeball they icily . lulu " look " scared . but behind she back , we reveal she hand untying she rope ! freed , she hit she panic button ! o.s. , beeping . lulu grin hopefully : Shane 's come ! a beat ... then Mr. chun pull the tracker from he pocket . he sneer . mr. chun think I be stupid ? now stop bother I . lulu frown , then lean back against Zoe . with a rapid blur of finger - work , she unty Zoe ! then -- need a distraction , she signal Tyler and cross she eye . Tyler gasp , horrify -- and scream he lung out . chun spin , startle -- and lulu quickly roll across the room ! she land against Todd , quickly assume a fake bound position , as if she have not move . Mr. chun whirl -- the kid look innocent . Mr. chun be confuse for a second : " be not he tie to the other one ? " I W Z 90 . behind todd - lulu frantically unty Todd 's rope -- it 's gonna be close ... chun scowl . skeptical , he step closer ... he lean down to look at Todd 's rope Z -- oe now Peter ! Peter squirt juice into Mr. chun 's face . the kid use the distraction : Todd pop to he foot , then leap into he spin kick : it connect with Mr. chun 's head . oe ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! all the kid bounce up . they untie Julie , then scoop up Peter and Tyler . Mr. chun growl and start to stagger up . lulu land in karate stance and call out : lulu hi ya ! the other kid take off , Mr. chun look at lulu . Mr. chun laugh : mr. chun that 's cute . ham without warning , lulu sweep Mr. chun 's leg , he drop to he knee in pain , then , when he 's at she level , she kick he right in the nut . it hurt . Mr. chun try to grab she by the wrist , but lulu evade with she cool , snake - like move . lulu run , slamm the door behind she . Mr. chun get up and turn the doorknob , but the door will not budge ... int . outside the nursery - continuous Zoe shove a chair between the door and the opposite wall , they be trap inside . int . nursery - continuous Mr. chun punch the door , make a small hole . he reach out to knock the chair away but he can not quite reach . he put he face up to the hole he 's make ... I int . outside the nursery - continuous Todd 's outside with a FIRE extinguisher : he blast Mrs. chun 's face . m E m 91 . int . nursery - continuous Mr. chun fall back from the door , he face coated in white . he yell out furious ! mr. chun that stuff do not hurt . he stick he face out the hole ... donnggg -- Todd hit he square in the face with the fire extinguisher itself . ext . front door - same time the family come scramble out -- but as Julie exit , a hand suddenly grab she . julie agggh ! she scream . Bill lurch into view , clutching she ! the kid be horrify . they start to run back , but she urgently gesture -- julie ( cont 'd ) keep go ! run ! go get help !!! the kid fret , unsure , then nod and run to the side garage . Zoe and Todd load the kid into the minivan . zoe / todd hurry ! c'mon ! buckle up !! int . house - continuous Bill pull Julie inside . Mrs. chun listen to Mr. chun on the radio , speak in Korean : rs. chun they be head for the car ! bill relax -- I have get the key , they be not go anywhere ... int . minivan - continuous SPARKS fly as Zoe hot - wire the minivan . she floor it ... ext . house - continuous respect chun come racing around the house -- as screeeech ! the van suddenly floors out , almost clipping he ! Z Z 92 . mr. chun arghh ! chun fall , as the van peel backwards down the driveway , and 360' . rrrr ! it shift into drive and roar away . chun hop into Bill 's car and race after they . int . van - continuous Zoe floor it . oe omigod ! what be we do ??! todd let 's look for a cop ! wide the sedan gun its engine , gain on they . oe run a yellow . she hit the curb and go airborne . whoooooo ! the kid scream , as they sail through the intersection ! the sedan keep chase . int . garage - same time Bill have Julie at gunpoint , lead she to the secret door . they step past Shane 's body , lie on the concrete . bill how do it work ? julie how do what work ? bill do not play dumb . it 's get old . I want to know how to get through the booby trap . what 's the code ? julie I do not know any code -- Charles do not tell I about the room ... bill if I know Charles have hide it so well , I would not have kill he so soon . do not make I kill you too . Julie gasp , chill . then , a crackling of static . Mrs. chun exit the vault , hold a military radio . B 93. mrs . chun Mr. Bill , my husband have question : mr. chun ( over the walkie ) I have a clean shot at they tire . it 's B risky , they might wreck ... ill ... do it . julie no ! Julie go frantic , emotional . shane ( o.s. ) Bill , do not hurt the kid . surprise , everyone look down . angle - shane they look over -- Shane be stand in the doorway . shane ( cont 'd ) I know the code . I will get you in ... just please do not hurt anyone . ill eye he . the man stare down , Bill decide if he can trust he . then -- he click " talk " on the radio . bill Change of plan . bring they back unharme . Bill uncuff Shane . ext . busy STREET - day the vehicle race , chun just inch from the kid ' tail . he try to pass they on the right . it 's like a chariot race , chun zoom by , half on the sidewalk , to cut they off ! int . minivan - continuous Todd scramble into the back seat . he do something we can not see , as Zoe drive . zoe what 's take you ? 94 . todd do not wait for I ! the sedan pull up beside they . Zoe make a very lewd gesture at he . it throw Mr. chun off for a beat . todd ( cont 'd ) now ! Zoe floor it , Mr. chun be now face to face with Todd -- who throw a dirty diaper into the he face . Mr. chun swerve and almost wreck . lulu start pelting Mr. chun with debris : milk carton , crayon , orange peel . m R. chun aah ! hey -- rubbish clobber he . exasperate , Mr. chun roll up he window , then pound the gas ! faster ! about to pass ... Zoe look over . chun be point a gun ! she suddenly pull the emergency brake . wide rrrrrrrr !! the Van spin into a squealing 360 . Mr. chun scream , disorient , and lose control . in the van , Peter laugh . peter wheee ! the Van spin madly . the sedan skid and plows into a store window . crash !! the kid cheer , triumphant . int . secret vault - moment later Shane scope out the vault . the wall and ceiling be cover with high - tech weaponry . Mrs. chun hold Julie . Bill wait impatiently . Shane be figure he option ... shane anybody get any perfume ? Hair spray ... breath freshener ... a bewilder beat -- then Julie pull out a tube of binaca . Shane squirt it , revealing in the mist a myriad of crisscross laser beam . Shane step forward . he speak aloud , confidently : J B B 95 . shane ( cont 'd ) Zoe , Todd , lulu , Peter , Tyler ! Bill react , puzzle . shane ( cont 'd ) the key be the kid 's name . watch . Shane step forward - zap ! the floor tile shock he , send he fly backwards . Bill laugh . Shane get up , in pain . ill you think this be a game ?! S shane but ... that be the code ! I swear ! I see plummer use it on he briefcase . bill code or no code , go get it -- now . ill cock he gun . sweat drip down Shane 's face . he mist the air to see the beam : he step forward , over one beam and ducking under another -- he miscalculculate : a burst of flame blaze from the ceiling like a giant blow torch , Shane leap back , landing on he hand and knee . julie ( to Bill ) you can not make he do this -- he do not have a chance . close - up - shane Shane 's think . he notice a groove carve in the floor , not quite center to the room . he feel the groove . something she say ... shane ( think ) have not get a chance . Shane feel the groove in the floor . he think . he look up at the ceiling ( bottom of the first floor ) . shane ( cont 'd ) ( sing softly to himself ) ... when you be down and low , lower than the floor . and you have not get a chance . do not make a move `til you be in the groove , and do the Peter Panda dance . E 96 . Shane laugh sharply . that 's the code ! he share a look with Julie . Bill and Julie share a look -- they have no idea what he 's laugh about . calmness come to Shane 's face . he take a deep breath , S face forward : shane ( cont 'd ) just hop three time like a kangaroo -- he hop forward three time , fearlessly . nothing happens . no booby trap be set off . shane ( cont 'd ) sidestep twice , just like the crab do . he step sideway , across two tile . again -- nothing happens . it dawns on Julie what he 's do . Julie smile , relieved . Shane he step forward , then back : shane ( cont 'd ) Three step forward and one step back . when he step back -- a spring - load spike launch down from the ceiling , imbed itself where he be stand . Shane be rattle , he focus go . until Julie shout : julie quick like a turtle lie on you back ! Shane snap out of it and flop down on he back -- just in time : flame shoot from both wall right at he . if he would be stand , he would be toast . ext . busy intersection - simultaneous the minivan blast through another yellow . lulu look out Zoe ! roller ! there be a police car cruise the street ahead of they . Zoe blow past it . Inside be the cute cop . the squad car 's light flash on , and he catch up with the minivan -- it take a while , they be flying . zoe come on . use the gas , not the brake , 5 - 0. Zoe slow down so the Police car can pull up beside she . the cute cop shout over at Zoe . 97 . cute cop I would say you could lose you license -- but you have not get one ! zoe people be try to kill we . they have my mom , and we bodyguard -- you have to follow I ! cute cop just pull over ! zoe Fine . do not follow I ! she swerve into the squad car , almost run it off the road . Zoe u-turn , and speed back towards she house . the squad car turn around and chase she . ext . suburban STREET - moment later the minivan speed by . the squad car be on its tail . it be join by more squad car . follow the chase , at a safe distance , be Mr. chun in he now - wreck sedan . ext . school - same time murney and Claire be watch a soccer game . he 's in a neck - brace . murney that baloney bandit strike again . I accept full responsibility . my intelligence prove to be faulty , but if I have more resource ... she shake she head , suddenly , the minivan speed by . vroooom ! then the Police car chase by . vrooom !! then -- five more police car zoom by . vroooooom !!! murney ( cont 'd ) ( not that surprised : ) I tell you not to pass she in Driver 's Ed . Claire frown , concerned ... int . plummer basement - continuous Shane be on the floor , slide forward , nervously . 98 . shane wriggle like a snake `til you can not no more . then better jump quick , like there be not no floor . Shane jump up just as the floor under he drop away , revealing a pool of liquid . Shane have wedge himself in the corner . a bead of he sweat fall into the liquid , and sizzle in a cloud of smoke . it 's acid . shane ( cont 'd ) ( to himself , to calm down ) almost do , almost do ... " just hold you breath , and jump to the leave . " he jump , to the leave of the hole . he land in front of the safe . he 's relieved -- then nozzle spray yellow gas at he . he hold he breath just in time . still hold he breath : shane ( cont 'd ) and that 's the Peter Panda dance . he flip the switch to disarmed . the safe 's red light turn green . immediately , the flamethrower and blowgun retract ! the gas get suck into grate . the whole room go silent . whew . Bill look around . he nervously step forward - he wave he hand over the floor , and jump back . nothing happen . Bill signal for Mrs. chun to go first . she gesture back : you go . it 's a stand - off . finally , Bill take a breath -- and walk across the room . the booby traps be disarm . Mrs. chun follow , pull Julie along . bill thank you , Shane . you be always my best man . I know you would figure it out . Shane scowl , disgust . bill ( cont 'd ) you know , if you be willing to join up , I would be happy to cut you in on the proceed . what do you say -- we make a good team ? shane I be devote to you , sir . and you betrayed all of that . all that we stand for . 99 . beat . Bill shrug . bill I will take that as a " no . " Bill turn to the safe . he start to reach for the dial ... then catch himself . something 's not right . bill ( cont 'd ) ... I think you better open it . Shane reach for the safe , before he reach the dial -- bill ( cont 'd ) wait . that 's just what you want be not it ? Bill think , try to read Shane 's poker face . Shane shrug . Bill gesture to Mrs. chun . bill ( cont 'd ) you open it . Mrs. chun do not budge . bill ( cont 'd ) oh come on . I walk the floor first . reluctantly - Mrs. chun reach out , and touch the dial . nothing happen . relief . she turn it , and zappppp ! 1000 volt electrocute she , she hair on end , shaking from the voltage ... Bill be off guard , Shane kick he gun away ! the gun skid into the acid and plunge , sizzling . Bill be incense , but Shane gaze coldly . shane there will be no mercy . bill none request . full of himself , Bill lunge . and he 's strong ! he shove Shane back , then punch he in the gut . Shane glare , then return a onslaught of blows . Shane 's fury be unleash : a volley of attack , hit Bill 's arm , head , leg ! he 's craze , unrelent . but suddenly Mrs. chun leap onto he back . mrs . chun aaaaaa ! 100 . she scream and grab he throat . Shane struggle to lose she . suddenly , he drop and flip she . she catapult , stumble backwards across the room , and stop just inch from the acid ! she teeter , totter , unable to gain she balance . Shane shake he head , then run to grab she outstretch hand . she smile , save . but he 's unforgive . shane you be a ... terrible neighbor . Shane cold-cock she , knock she out . suddenly -- julie Shane ! watch out ! Bill be charge he . Shane whirl , deliver a roundhouse kick . oof ! Bill get slam in the chest . Bill tumble , the wind knock out of he . he jump to he foot , deliver a series of hard punch , which Shane deflect -- they tangle like pro 's . it 's clear the both have the same training . they punch , spin , kick , connect only occasionally . Bill wheel around and land a kick squarely in Shane 's chest . Shane tumble , landing on he back in front of the safe . angle - bill he step over Shane . leer mercilessly , he jab the spike against Shane 's throat . bill any last word ? Julie gasp . Shane narrow he eye , then whisper / sing . shane ... say , good night , Peter Panda ! the code ! a bell ring , and the safe door fly open ! slamming Bill in the head ! bong ! Bill 's collapse and drop . k.o .! ext . plummer' STREET - same time the minivan race toward the house . the Police Cars chase after , siren wail . in the van , everyone be scream . 101 . todd Zoe ! you be go too fast !! you be not gonna have enough time to stop - zoe hey , I 'm the one in Driver 's Ed ! I think I know what I be do !! wide she squeal into the driveway , then brake . but it 's too late . the van skid , smoke burning from the tire -- and hit a tree . the kid spill out and run . the lead Police car screech to a stop . police leap from the car . int . secret vault - same time Shane and Julie stare at each other , then look in the safe : Inside , the cavernous metal box hold but one object : a tiny computer chip . Shane gently remove it . shane ... ghost . they look in silence . she smile at Shane , grateful . julie thank you Shane . it 's finally over . now we can go back to we peaceful ... then -- a sudden amplified voice from behind they : ullhorn ( v.o. ) freeze ! hold it right there ! ext . house - same time total commotion . the kid clamber from the van , with they hand raise . cop surround they . even Peter and Tyler have they little hand over they head . the garage door raise , Shane step out . shane whoa , whoa ! what be you do to this kid ?? cute cop freeze . hand where I can see they . 102 . cop cover Shane and Julie , Julie and Shane freeze . zoe but , officer ... cute cop I say freeze . Zoe , you be in a lot of trouble ... reckless endangerment ! driving without a license . numerous , uh ... trafficS violation -- shane ( cut he off ) this kid be heroes . they just aid in expose a high - level espionage ring . I suggest you call the FBI . now . silence . the cop be unsure what to do . he scoff . cute cop you expect I to believe any of that ? suddenly -- a craze scream . mr. chun ( o.s. ) everybody ! hit the ground !!! wide everyone spin . Mr. chun stand inside the gate , point a rocket launcher . he 's dishevel and manic . mr. chun ( cont 'd ) I want the ghost , ten million dollar , and a direct flight to pyongyang ! the cop freeze , helpless . Shane weigh he not so many option ... nobody be sure what to do . but then -- a woman suddenly flip over the fence , vault onto chun , and knock he out with a karate chop . principal claire ya !! Claire land on she foot , triumphant . even chun be amaze , as he turn he head , Shane spin , and grab the rocket launcher . close - up - shane he break into a big grin . 103 . close - up - claire she proudly smile back at he . angle - the cute cop he 's flummox . this chaos be unsolvable . beaten , he reach for he radio . cop I think I will call the FBI . dissolve to : ext . plummer house - later f.b.i. agent swarm the area . Bill and the chun be be haul away in cuff . Julie huddle with the kid . Shane talk with a f.b.i. agent. F .b.i. agent Mr. wolfe ... that be nice work . you be a one - man battalion . shane just do my job . f.b.i. agent the Bureau be always look for good man . do you have a card or something ? the agent hand he a business card , then walk off . Shane examine it , swell with pride . int . garage - continuous the kid be look around , watch the FBI Agents work . lulu be follow one of the FBI Agents around . lulu do you have to wear that thing in you ear all the time ? FBI agent yes . lulu do it itch ? FBI agent yes ... 104 . Zoe be look at the safe . she see , fall onto the floor , from the safe , a letter . her sibling , and Julie notice , and gather around . Zoe read the letter : zoe if you be read this , then Julie find the key . Julie , Tyler , Peter , Zoe , Todd , lulu -- I want to say : I love you more than anything . I always have . a tear come to she eye . the plummer hug each other . ext . the plummer house - continuous Claire walk up to Shane . mock-angry . principal claire so . what happen now ? you will be station somewhere else , right ? I guess there 's no more reason for you to stick around here . Shane look at she . he look around : at the family . he look at Claire .... shane well . I be kinda , re-conn the situation , here ... and to tell the truth . I do not see anything but reason to stay . p rincipal claire so ... what 's the next move ? Shane smile slyly and pull she close . shane ... I do not know . I be on dry land . you be the superior office . you tell I . principal claire well . summer 's almost here . what if you and I do a little amphibious recon mission . on , say -- maui ? shane Sir yes sir . Claire beam . the plummer all approach , interrupt . Zoe give they a look -- that make Shane and Claire blush . lulu turn to Shane , sad . lulu this be it . you work here be through . guess you have to go now ... 105 . she put out she hand , to shake he . shane ah , come here you . he surprise she with a bear hug -- he hug the whole family at once , squeezing they off the ground . he put they down . before he go : he reach down and give Zoe - - he medal . he squeeze she hand around it . zoe but ... shane he would have want I to give it to someone I care about . like he do . thank you . for everything . p eter Love you , Shane . tight - shane this be too much . he wipe he face . shane you dad would be so proud . Shane bawl -- he can not keep it in . he start to head off , lulu call after he : lulu Shane , we be never gonna see you again ! shane what be you talk about ? I be gonna see you Friday night . a long beat . Julie look up , baffle . julie what 's Friday night ? int . victoria theatre , backstage - night Close on Shane : shane tonight be the night we train for , and failure be not a option ! no detail be too small ! we be the best ! remember you line , hit you mark , and stay in character ! I expect perfection ! ( more ) 106 . shane ( cont 'd ) ( he grin ) now let 's break a leg . wider reveal the cast of ` the sound of Music ' . CUT to : Shane 's military - march version of the musical . nun sing " how do you solve a Problem like Maria ? " the von trapp kid perform " so Long , farewell . " in the audience , Julie watch in astonishment . she be surround by she child . Scott : in a suit , he hair comb , Claire : dress to the nine , the little brownie troop , even murney . lulu have a basket in she lap -- inside : gary the duck and he new family , the most adorable duckling you ever see . they all watch , rapt . you be sixteen begin . Shane watch with bate breath . Todd spin . in slow motion , he leap into the spin kick . it 's fantastic -- a Michael Jordan dunk . the audience go nut , Shane stand , and shout : shane ( cont 'd ) yesss ! ( and a armed force : ) huu -ah ! the audience stare at he , until he sit back down , beam with pride . finally : " climb every mountain . " heart swell , as the family cross the papier - m  ch alp . a stand ovation . the performer take they curtain call , then giddily gesture Shane to come out . he humbly step into view -- and the house go crazy . thunder applause . a cellophane bouquet of flower get thrust on he . Shane smile , touch . Mission accomplish . fade out . the end