a crowded room by James cameron fade in : we do not know what we be look at . it 's a abstract mass -- swirl line in constant motion -- but we be too close to see any form . as we pull back , we can now make out that they be what seem like animated streak of charcoal -- form and reforming into a series of drawing : first , a small girl , clutching a rag doll . she stare plaintively into the lens as around the edge of the frame , a male figure with a thick , black moustache , cradle she protectively in he arm . but this image quickly change to a landscape -- evil and forebode . a desolate farmhouse against a overcast sky . leafless tree with spiky tentacles for branch sprout like eruption from the very bowel of hell . it 's every shade of gray -- ominous , deprave . now we start to close in on this landscape 's heart of darkness -- a constrict old corn crib -- but before we get close enough to see inside it , the scene shift . a pale , sad - eye teenage girl look straight at we . then we move to a line draw of the rag doll that the little girl have clutch earlier -- only now it hang from a noose , surround by long , shattered line that recall the farmhouse branch . the last shift lead we to a dark haire little boy , scared into impenetrable silence , as he be approach from behind by the immense , leer presence of a adult male . finally , this rotoscope animated picture transform itself into reality -- a actual oil painting , wet and glisten on a canvas . it 's the first image we have see that have dimension or texture . in a moment , a paint-stain hand enter the frame and feverishly smear the adult figure beyond all recognition with its finger , leave the little boy alone in the f.g . then , the hand leave , return with a paint brush . it re-do the area surround the child in a wash of midnight blue . as it do , we hear : donna ( v.o. ) he have some kind of stain or something on he hand . kleberg ( v.o. ) stain ? what , like dirt ? boxerbaum ( v.o. ) oil ? donna ( v.o. ) no . they be blue . Dark blue . all over he finger . kleberg ( v.o. ) ink ? donna ( v.o. ) no . I do not know what it be . but it have a funny smell to it . int . police station - night donna west be a short , plump woman in she twenty , eye red from cry , hair in she face , talk to police chief kleberg and detective boxerbaum . she 's huddle across a table from they in a blanket . beside she stand a female police officer . a legend come up on screen : october 22 , 1977 donna oh , God , I do not know . I can not think . boxerbaum alright , do not worry about he hand . just try and tell we whatever you remember so that we can get a statement . donna it be about eight a.m. and I be get out of my car in the parking lot . kleberg this be at Ohio State ? donna yes , I be a optometry student there . ext . parking lot - morning donna west be get out of she beat up Toyota . we see what she describe . donna ( v.o. ) I have go around to the passenger side to pick up some book , and as I be lean in ... billy milligan , a regular look guy , maybe a little burlier than average , with a full mustache and brown tinted sunglass , enter frame . he hold a small revolver , which he press against donna be arm . billy would you please get in the car ? frightened , she do . billy go around to the driver 's side and get in . he take out a pair of handcuffs and cuff she to the inside of the door . he go through she bag and pull out she car key . he start the car and drive off . int . car as they drive away from the campus . donna where be we go ? but billy be mutter to himself , oblivious to she question . donna I know this be gonna sound ridiculous , but I have a optometry test today ... he look at she suddenly . billy you can study for it if you want . this will not take long . go on . she pick up a text book with she tremble free hand and feign study . ext . road as the car drive through a desert stretch of countryside . int . car donna be " study " steal glance at billy . suddenly , billy grab she bag and pull out she address book . as he rip out page . billy I be take this address and phone number . if you say anything to the police , I will send someone from my brotherhood after you . int . police station kleberg and boxerbaum . kleberg his " brotherhood " ? angle but now we see they be not talk to donna west , they be talk to carrie dryer -- a prettier girl also in she twenty , also very upset . there 's a sketch artist there . carrie that 's what he say . he belong to a brotherhood and they would send someone after I if I say anything . boxerbaum be he high ? could you tell ? carrie it 's weird . there be liquor on he breath ... I mean he reek ... but he drive perfectly . in fact , he do not act drunk at all , except when he would talk to himself . sketch artist ( hold up a sketch of billy ) how 's this ? carrie he do not have a moustache . he be clean shaven . int . car billy be now clean shaven , drive through the wood . handcuffed to the passenger door be carrie dryer . billy be mutter to himself . he wear sunglass . ext . car as it bump over train track . int . car the jostling seem to jar he back to reality . he turn on carrie . billy take off you pants . carrie what ? billy take you fuck pants off ! she do the best she can with only one hand . billy you will not run away without any pants on . ext . wood the car be park . billy and carrie stand beside it -- she be in a blouse and underwear . billy ( gently ) be you cold ? she shake she head " no " . billy lay carrie be buckskin jacket down on the muddy ground . billy ( awkwardly , not look at she ) take off you underwear and lay down . carrie dissolves in tear . int . police station kleberg and boxerbaum . boxerbaum ( offer kleenex ) it 's o.k . you want to stop for a while ? angle a different woman be there , take the kleenex to wipe she eye . it be polly newton , a little young than the other two . polly no. I be all right . kleberg do he hit you or push you or hurt you in any way ? polly no . he write I a poem . boxerbaum a poem ? polly ( nod ) a love poem . he never show it to I because he be afraid you would trace he handwrite . ext . wood polly lie on the ground , naked from the waist down . billy crumple up a piece of paper , then slide next to she and hold she gently like one would a lover . billy do you know what it 's like to be lonely ? not to be hold by anyone ? not to know the meaning of love ? he look at she and take off he sunglass . his eye repeatedly drift slowly to one side , then dart back to center . int . police station donna west and the two cop . donna it 's call nystagmus . I be a optometry student . I recognize it immediately . a involuntary oscillation of the eyeball . int . police station carrie dryer and the two cop . carrie he never take off he glass . I do not know . kleberg then what happen ? carrie break down . carrie he ... rape ... I ... ext . wood billy on top of carrie . we do not see much , but it 's obvious what be go on . int . police station donna west stare straight off into space . ext . wood billy on top of donna . she stare off exactly as she have in the police station . int . police station the female police officer hold polly , who be cry uncontrollably . ext . wood billy hold polly tightly after the rape . they be both stand half - dress . billy I be sorry we have to meet under this circumstance . I really love you . his eye drift and dart . he put on he sunglass . int . police station polly newton and the officer . polly then he drive I back into town and make I cash he a check at my bank . kleberg ( to boxerbaum ) same as the other . polly then he take I to Wendy 's . boxerbaum Wendy 's ? polly for a burger . the cop give each other a look . int . police station donna west and the officer . donna then we finally go back to the campus and he leave . oh yeah -- he say he name be phil . three trays of mug shot thud down onto the table angle to include carrie dryer and the officer . carrie there 's this many criminal around here ? boxerbaum that 's just the young , white male sex offender . and only the one who have be arrest . carrie start go through the photo . polly go through photo . she come to one of billy , wear mutton chop . she stop . the officer react . polly it sure look like he ... but I can not be sure . donna , kleberg and boxerbaum . donna ( jump up , knock over she chair ) that 's he . no doubt about it . I be positive . kleberg pick it up and we PRESS in on a name : william stanley milligan . ext . ohio state campus - night a series of cut it look like a embassy under siege . uniform cop with dog comb the area . armed cop keep watch from every roof top . flashlight dart everywhere -- occasionally illuminate poster of the police sketch of billy on campus wall and window . in they dorm room , frighten girl watch from they window , while below male CO - eds travel in pack with baseball bat . a newspaper vend machine show the Columbus dispatch headline : campus rapist manhunt continue - police urge curfew . ext . channingway apartment a two story apartment complex . Three unmark police car pull up in front . int . car boxerbaum drive , a young plain clothes officer in the passenger seat . boxerbaum 5673 Old Livingston . that 's he current address . the young officer check he weapon , put it back in the waistband of he pants , then put on a domino pizza hat and grab a pizza box from the back seat . ext . rear of build two officer carefully approach the rear of billy ground floor apartment . one look in a window . he can not see anyone , but the floor of the live room be cover with kid toy : block , truck , etc . then we hear voice . we can not make out what they be say , but it 's some kind of argument between three man : one with a English accent , one with some sort of Eastern european accent , and one american mid-west . first officer shit . he 's not alone . ext . front door as the young officer ring the bell . in a moment , billy answer the door . young officer pizza . you billy Milligan ? billy who ? young officer billy Milligan ? 5673 Old Livingston ? billy I be not billy Milligan and I do not order any pizza . int . car as boxerbaum watch from a distance -- he hand on he gun . ext . front door young officer you be sure you be not William stanley Milligan ? billy huh ? the young officer throw the pizza up into billy face and pull out he gun , hold it against he head . young officer freeze . Police Officer . billy what 's go on ? cop be suddenly everywhere . burst in through the back door , pile out of car , all with gun draw . int . rear of apartment where the two officer who hear voice be barrel through , expect a ambush . first officer he 's not alone ! second officer alright , motherfucker , come on out ! the young officer grab billy and turn he around . use billy be body as a shield , he drag he through the apartment , look for accomplice . the cop kick the closet door , then the bathroom door -- all empty . one cop step on a leggo fort -- crush it . another cop grab a Smith and wesson nine millimeter from under a chair in the live room . young officer where be they ? billy who ? there 's no one here . a cop find several painting . he move one and reveal the picture of the little boy we see be work on earlier . boxerbaum enter frame . it click . he go over to billy and yank he finger open . they be completely paint stain . another cop find wallet , cash and i.d. 's on top of a dresser . he pick up two credit card and a driver license belong to carrie dryer . donna West and polly Newton , respectively . young officer ( as he cuff billy ) William Milligan , you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent ... ( etc . ) as we PRESS in on billy . ext . the franklin county jail as a police truck pull up . two guard open the rear door and out step a group of prisoner , all handcuff to each other -- except for billy , who pop out free as a bird , give the guard the finger . the black prisoner who have be cuffed to he be panicked . black prisoner I do not do nothin ' I swear I do not do nothin ' one guard hold billy while the other re-cuff he . int . police station tv cameras and reporter everywhere , demand information . police chief kleberg make he way through the chaos without answer they . we follow he into a room where two officer be unload a carton onto a table . it be fill with every make weapon imaginable . kleberg Jesus Christ . it 's a fuck arsenal . int . cell billy sit in the middle of the floor draw a picture . it 's simple , childish . two guard watch he from the other side of the bar . one hold a cup . the other bang the bar with he nightstick . first guard hey , Jew Boy . second guard what do you know -- we have a goddamn rembrandt on we hand . first guard maybe he can draw himself a new asshole after the con at lima get through humpin ' the one he 's get . they do not look too kindly on rapist over there . second guard they send you down some Kool - Aid . you want it ? billy look up . second guard be that a no ? the guard start to turn away , but billy get up . he come to the bar and reach for the cup . the guard grab he wrist and pull . second guard hey , you think we oughta tattoo this Jew Boy ? first guard yeah . put some number right there . billy pull he arm free as the guard laugh . second guard here ya go , rembrandt . he throw the drink onto billy picture , ruin it . instantly , billy change . his eye , he gait . his chest expands and he adrenaline flow a mile a minute as he get up and walk over to the toilet bowl . he squat and grab hold of it . the guard give each other a look , then eye he warily . sweat pour down as he focus he strength till it 's like the pinpoint of a laser . then , with a mighty heave he rip the toilet from the wall , stand and hurl it at the guard in one impossible motion . it smashes into a million piece -- porcelain shard fly into the guard be face , cut they to ribbon . int . cell billy be beat senseless by six guard as they put he into a straitjacket . int . corridor billy be nearly unconscious as the guard drag he down the narrow hallway -- lay into he the entire way . int . solitary confinement they throw billy in . his head hit the cement hard as the cell door slam shut behind he with a thunderous echo . int . PRESS conference kleberg in front of a phalanx of microphone , read a statement . kleberg we do have a suspect in custody . his name be William stanley Milligan . he have one prior conviction from a run - in with a prostitute . int . corridor a guard carry a tray of food toward billy be cell . kleberg ( v.o. ) we continue to treat this investigation very carefully and very thoroughly but with the evidence we have already gather , we feel extremely confident . the guard reach the cell door . as he open it . guard o.k. , rapist , chow time . we all take turn spitting in you food before I bring it down , but you can ignore that , can not ya ? just pretend it 's soup ... his eye suddenly go wide . guard Jesus H. Christ . angle billy be fast asleep in the middle of he cell . he be out of the straitjacket and be use it as a pillow . and he 's suck he thumb . int . PRESS conference kleberg open and shut . a textbook investigation . int . a drab white room dr . adam fink , a clinical psychologist , sit across a table from billy . tight on a page of note at the top of the page , beside billy vital statistic , dr . fink fill in he name . underneath , he write : preliminary report . angle on they both , dr . fink just watch for a moment . billy be withdraw and out of it , like a boxer who 's take one too many leave hook . there 's a wall between he and the world . dr . fink do you know why you be here , billy ? no response . tight on the form under comment , the doctor write : eye completely normal . no evidence of nystagmus . angle dr . fink billy ? billy ( snap back slightly ) oh. dr . fink do you know why you be here ? billy no . dr . fink do you understand what the police officer say when you be arrest ? billy the ... what ? dr . fink do you know why you have be arrest ? billy ? he just stare blankly . dr . fink write . tight on the note dr . fink be add : sullen ; non -communicative ; totally disoriented . billy suddenly energetic , even hyper -- night and day to the way we have just see he . billy ( laugh ) you should have see they fuckin ' face when they van door open and boom !. there I be , out of the cuff and givin ' they the finger . shit ... whassamatter , Doc , not actin ' crazy enough for ya ? how 's this ? he rub he lip up and down with he finger and make a " crazy " sound . as he do : angle to reveal he 's talk to dr . richard edmund , in the same room , some time later . edmund hold dr . fink be report and be completely confuse . billy laugh . then : billy who do you have to fuck to get something ' to eat around here ? I be starve . and a lawyer might be nice . what do you say ? tight as billy continue next to dr . fink be report , we see dr . edmund ' hand fill in he own report . he 's already put down he name , billy be name and underneath write : follow up report . now we see he write : outgoing , obnoxious , totally coherent and aware . eye normal . billy the novelty 's wearin ' thin , you know what I mean ? I be in place worse than this in my life , and I will tell you something ... there be not a box on Earth can hold I . certainly not this two bit , rinky dink drunk tank . dr . edmund I would like to talk to you about the attack . billy hey , I be not there . I do not know what they be talkin ' about because I do not do a fuckin ' thing they accuse I of . and I do not lie . use he right hand . billy start doodling a sketch of a landscape on the table with a marker . edmund look at he quizzically . dr . edmund I want to play a little game . write down the first thing that come into you mind . he move a pen and a piece of paper toward billy , who write with he right hand . edmund look at the information on he form . tight on the report scan down billy list vital statistic -- Hair : Brown ; eye : Brown ; height : six foot ; Weight : 175 ; birthdate : 2 - 14 - 55 ; etc. until he get to : Left handed . back to billy - finishing he hand back the paper . it say : I am innocent . tight on the previous two report on dr . edmund , " Left handed " have be cross out and " right handed " write in . next to they be a third form , with the name : dr . claire hubbard and supervisor's report write underneath . angle the same room . dr . hubbard , hopelessly confuse , and billy , who now appear to be a frighten child . fragile . near tear . knee draw up into a fetal position in the chair . dr . hubbard be you alright ? you look like you be about to fall apart . bill I be scared . dr . hubbard there 's nothing to be scared of . I be Dr. Hubbard from the Southwest Community mental Health Center and I be here to ask you a few question . where be you currently live ? billy here . dr . hubbard what 's you Social Security number ? billy I do not know . dr . hubbard be it 126-44-6218 ? billy I do not know . dr . hubbard billy , if I be go to help you , you be go to have to try and ... billy billy 's asleep . dr . hubbard what ? billy billy 's asleep . and the other do not want I to wake he up . dr . hubbard what other ? billy the other people . they want billy to stay asleep . dr . hubbard who be this other people ? billy I can not talk about it . I make a mistake tell you . promise you will not say anything to anyone . dr . hubbard I promise . but you have to tell I ... billy ( upset ) I can not ... dr . hubbard alright , you do not have to say anything else , but would you do I a favor ? billy what ? dr . hubbard would you sign you name for I ? billy o.k. she give he a pen and paper . he take it into he leave hand and scrawl in a child 's penmanship : danny . int . hall outside of same drab white room through the door , we see billy , alone , wait . outside , dr . hubbard and judy stevenson , a public defense attorney , be talk . judy multiple personality disorder ? you mean like sybil ? dr . hubbard worse -- if one of the personality be a violent criminal . judy with all respect , Doctor , if you be a rapist , catch dead to rights with a ton of evidence in you apartment , would not you try and make up a story , too ? trust I , this be a guy who read a bestseller and get a brainstorm . dr . hubbard maybe , but I do not think so . he 's already be see by three separate doctor because no one could make head of tail of he . judy well , I think I would see it all , but I have to admit " I do not do it , he do " " no I do not " " yes he do " -- that 's a new one even to I . dr . hubbard just come in and talk to he with I -- then decide . judy we will represent he no matter what . we have to . but fine -- ( as they go in ) I only have a caseload that high sit on my desk while I waste a whole afternoon here ... int . gary schweickart's public defender office the first thing we hear be reggae music : Bob marley 's " jammin " , with a male voice that can not really sing , sing along . then we pan along the office -- a royal mess -- book , papers everywhere -- a poster of the bill of rights with " null and void where prohibited by law " stamp across it in red letter . we finally come to a big , bear- like figure in a ex-hippie 's khaki shirt and jeans -- late thirty , with a beard and a oversize stogie , skankin ' around the office . this be gary schweickart . gary ( in a jamaican accent ) lady and gentleman of the jury , my client , jah skank irie , be innocent . for it be not the ganja weed that be on trial here today , only the man ... mon . judy burst in . judy Gary , put down what you be do and get you ass down to Franklin with I . gary ( jamaican accent ) whoa -- do not get you knicker in a twist -- you will give yourself one of they aneurism . judy I be serious , Gary . I think you should see this . she dump she note on he desk . gary ( drop the accent ) billy Milligan ? judy yes . gary uh uh . sorry , Judy , one of the perk of get to be the boss be you do not have to give up all you free time represent the campus rapist if you do not want to . and I do not want to . besides , I already meet he before I order the psychiatric evaluation , and he specifically ask for a female lawyer . judy ( smile , she know he 's gonna like this ) he 's not guilty . gary ( he do , he eye twinkle , he love a challenge ) not guilty ? they get enough hard evidence to lock he up till doomsday . judy ( lean in ) I be tell you , billy Milligan do not commit that rape . at least come down and talk to he . a beat . gary leap up , grab he beret to leave . int . that same drab white room judy , gary and billy . billy have withdraw completely into himself -- eye half - close , he lip move in some internal conversation . judy look at gary , who just sit there -- skeptical and impassive . finally , billy open he eye and be suddenly infuse with the same belligerent energy he have while talk to dr . edmund . billy ( to Judy ) who 's Ranger Bob ? judy this be Gary schweickart . he work with I in the Public defender office . billy howdy , Bob . gary smile tightly . he do not like he right off . judy you do not remember meeting he briefly when you first come in ? billy ( shake he head ) that 's not a face you forget . judy I know that you request a female attorney , but Gary 's the most qualified ... billy I do not request nothin ' judy well , billy do . billy billy 's asleep . gary ( get annoyed ) well , someone do . billy ( imitate Gary ) well , someone be not I . judy who be you ? billy Tommy . judy and have we meet before ? billy yeah . you come in with one of the headshrinker . judy and at that time you answer to the name billy ? billy we all do . save time . but that do not mean we like it . gary alright ... Tommy ... we would like to ask you a few question . how old be you ? billy sixteen . gary how much time do you spend as billy ? be you there when he get out of the straitjacket ? billy ( laugh ) yeah , that be I . billy could not get out of a wet paper bag . I can dislocate my shoulder to slip it down to where I can loosen the tie . gary where would you learn to do that ? billy look away . judy Tommy ? billy you get something ' else you wanna know or can I leave ? judy no. please . how many of you live there with billy ? billy smile . judy more than three ? more than five ? billy I be not really sure . a lot . gary be you there when ... whoever you be at the time be arrest ? billy no . that be Danny . judy the little boy . billy Danny 's the keeper of pain . gary what do that mean ? billy College man , Bob ? ivy League ? gary steam . billy it mean whenever billy 's in any pain , Danny come onto the spot to take it . judy the spot ? what 's that ? billy Jesus Christ ... it 's not my job to answer all this question . I be outta here . judy no , wait ... Tommy ... but billy have retreat into himself once again . eye glaze and half - close -- lip move silently . gary this be what you drag I here for in the middle of the day ? judy wait . in a moment , billy " return " -- but now he sit with impeccable posture , he fingertip press together in front of he . he speak in clipped , precise tone with a perfect knightsbridge English accent . billy I must apologize for Tommy 's impudence . he get frustrated from be lock up . my name be Arthur . how do you do ? judy and gary exchange a look . he be not buy it . judy how do you do ? judy look again at gary , who half roll he eye . gary ( mutter ) yeah , how be ya ... billy well , understandably , I have be better . but Tommy say you have some question . judy yes . Gary be ask about the arrest . gary the police find a arsenal of weapon in you apartment . billy I have nothing to do with that . the only one permit to handle gun be ragen . he 's the keeper of rage . gary he use that gun when he kidnap and rape that three woman . billy ( icily calm ) ragen never rape anyone . he commit the robbery because we be skint , but he deny , absolutely , have anything to do sexually with that woman . and of the many thing he undoubtedly be , a liar be not among they . all we life people have accuse we of be liar . it 's become a point of honor never to tell a falsehood . judy but if you do not always volunteer the truth , then that 's lie by omission . billy oh come now . as a attorney , you know very well a witness be under no compulsion to volunteer information he have not be ask for . you would be the first one to tell a client not to elaborate unless it be in he best interest . but why do not you meet ragen and ask he yourself ? judy be not ragen the one who pull the toilet from the wall and throw it at the guard ? billy he 's learn to control he flow of adrenaline . it give he unnatural strength . ( playfully ) but do not worry -- he will not hurt you . unless , of course , he feel threaten . gary alright ... Arthur -- I would like to meet he . billy smile -- then get up and move he chair to the far side of the room -- put as much distance between himself and they as possible . he site back down and then retreat once more . eye look down -- lip move . gary how much education have he have ? judy not much . some high school . D average . i.q. 's a hundred . he paint , though . gary paint ? judy portrait , landscape . he 's good . then , billy be back . he seem bigger -- hulk -- crouch like a wary fighter . the tension in he facial muscle change he appearance . his eye squint narrowly , give they a pierce quality -- he brow beetle . and he speak in a thick , slavic accent . billy who call I a liar ? gary ( a little unnerve ) I say the evidence indicate that someone in there rape that three woman . billy I admit three robbery near university . but other thing you say I do be a lie . and if we go to jail , I will kill the child . jail be no place for little one . judy what little one ? there be child there with you ? gary if you kill the little one ... would not that also mean you own death ? billy ( coolly ) we be all different people . gary but when you get hurt ... billy I feel nothing . judy because Danny be the keeper of pain ? billy exactly . Danny be empath . judy and billy know nothing about you ? billy he have amnesia . Arthur and I keep he asleep to protect he . depend on circumstance , either I rule or Arthur do . in prison , I control spot because be dangerous place . as protector , I have complete command . in situation where be no danger , and where intelligence and logic be more important , then Arthur control spot . gary do you know Tommy ? billy of course . gary he mention the spot , too . can you describe to we just what that mean . billy ?... uh ... ( he look to Judy for help ) judy ragen . gary ragen . but suddenly , ragen be go . judy and gary look at each other . there be none of the usual lip move and quasi r.e.m. state . he 's just blank . then , in a moment , he " return " . he seem tentative , frighten , softer . judy hello . no reply . judy have we meet ? my name be Judy stevenson . this be Gary schweickart . we be you attorney . do you have a name ? gary Judy . she look at gary . gary his eye . she look back to billy . his eye seem to wander and dart back and forth of they own volition , like a ocular pendulum . int . corridor as gary and judy come out . gary immediately light a cigarette . gary either he 's a multiple , or else he 's the great liar anybody 's ever see . judy right . gary the question be which be it ? judy ( convinced ) Gary ... as they talk , we CUT to : billy alone in he empty cell , eye half - close , lip move silently . gary ( o.c. ) he 's face hard time . judy ( o.c. ) he 's get one right hand personality . gary ( o.c. ) lot of people be ambidextrous . judy ( o.c. ) ragen speak and write prefect serbo-croation . gary ( o.c . ) so do ten million serb . judy ( o.c. ) apparently , Arthur 's fluent in Arabic and swahili . gary ( o.c. ) have a facility for language do not automatically make you one hand short for bridge . judy ( o.c . ) the escape artist , the wander eye , the electronics expert ... gary and judy . gary all of that can be master . judy all by one person ? with a hundred i.q.? from a small farm in Ohio ? you be look for some kind of miraculous , inexplicable " thing " to prove this to you beyond a shadow of a doubt . well , it 's a illness , Gary ... not a magic trick . and I believe he . gary ( sigh heavily ) I do , too . and I feel like I can convince my wife of it when she ask I why I come down here for fifteen minute , and come back five hour later . but how in hell be I ever gonna convince a judge ? or a prosecutor ? no one 's ever be acquitted of a crime before by blame it on another personality . judy you will not have to . he will . int . isolation cell billy sit on he cot in a cold sweat . something be clearly terrifying he . he look across the cell toward a piece of steel over the sink shiny enough to serve as a mirror . he be freeze . int . outside the isolation cell it 's a big , opaque , steel door with a small open two third up in the middle . a guard approach with key . there 's a loud rumbling come from inside . guard alright , Milligan . Exercise time . as he turn the key : guard one hour in the yard , all to yourself . as he open the door : guard come on ... Milligan ... now we see billy lie in a pool of blood on the floor . the sink be smashed into a million piece and he wrist have be slashed lengthwise with a shard of porcelain . hot water shoot from the blood -stain sink like a firehose go haywire . he mean business . he 's faint and land on he own arm , which be save he life . the guard run in . guard help ! we get a emergency ! Quick ! int . hospital ward - night billy lie in bed , stare off blankly , while gary and judy talk to he . gary how ya feelin ' , billy ? you be out for quite some time . judy do you know where you be ? you be in the hospital , but you be gonna be just fine . you hearing be go to go ahead as schedule . gary well , why do not you get some rest . we will check in with you tomorrow . judy goodnight , billy . he remain motionless . they leave and we follow they into the hall . judy what do you think ? gary I do not know . but there be no hammer or crowbar in that cell with he . he break that sink with he bare fist . int . hearing room member of the adult parole authority , judy , billy and a prosecutor , along with a court stenographer and two police officer . billy wrist be bandage . gary enter , obviously agitate . judy ( to Gary ) what 's wrong ? gary I just find out they be gonna try and send he to jail for a parole violation and keep he there till the trial . we need he in a hospital with doctor for that ninety day to build a case . judy parole violation ? gary but there 's a statute of limitation and this be the last day they can nail he on it . judy what be you gonna do ? gary wing it . chairman ( nod to the prosecutor ) Mr. yavitch ? shall we begin ? prosecutor Mr. Chairman , member of the adult parole Authority , the state move that possession of a unregister firearm be a direct violation of the defendant 's parole , and he should therefore be remand to Lebanon State prison until trial date . gary objection , Mr. Chairman . mr. chairman Mr. schweickart -- do not you own a tie ? gary ( dishevel as usual ) I do , you honor , but I like to save it for funeral . chairman what be you objection ? gary be this the weapon that be find in the defendant 's home ? prosecutor Mr. Chairman , Mr. schweickart know damn well that they be . gary Mr. Chairman , Mr. schweickart do not know damn well that they be because Mr. schweickart have yet to see any ballistic report . prosecutor the weapon have not be test fire yet , you honor , so the report have not be complete . but I fail to see in what way that be prescient to the decision at hand . gary ( wing it ) it be " prescient " counsel , because without any proof of it 's ability to propel a ballistic , this ... " thing " be not a gun , you honor . prosecutor oh come on , schweickart , of course it 's a gun . ( to the Chairman ) it 's a gun . obviously it 's a gun . gary grab it and hold it to he head . judge Mr. schweickart ... judy and billy duck -- the prosecutor finch -- but gary pull the trigger . it 's unload . gary legally , until it shoot a bullet it 's as much a gun as it be a zucchini . and have zucchinis find in you apartment be not a violation of Mr. Milligan 's or anybody else 's parole . Mr. Chairman , gentleman , since the statute of limitation of Mr. Milligan 's alleged parole violation be up today . I move that the defendant be allow to stay at harding Hospital , under the supervision of a train psychiatric staff until it be time for he to stand trial . prosecutor Mr. Chairman ... the chairman rap he gavel . chairman so be it . next time get you shit together , counsel . shake he head , chuckle . chairman Zucchinis ... ext . harding hospital - day billy be escort from a police car by two uniformed officer . he be handcuff . int . harding hospital a admit nurse sign a release form , accept delivery of billy with a big orderly . nurse take that off he . first officer not while he 's still ours . she finish , they uncuff he . to the nurse : first officer can I give you a little advice ? keep he away from the toilet . let he piss in a bucket . int . corridor billy , the nurse and the orderly walk down the hall . nurse Doctor harding 's not here right now , but he will look in on you as soon as he arrive . as they walk , they pass people who be obviously deeply disturb , as well as two female psych -tech . first psych -tech ( after they have pass ) I be not gonna stand for it . second psych -tech Jean ... first psych -tech it 's a con . it 's a lousy con . and I be not gonna treat he . int . hospital room billy be alone . he look at the door . a eye be watch he through the peephole . int . corridor a psych -tech sit on a stool , watch he and take note . the note : 5:00 sitting cross legge on bed , quiet . 5:15 sitting cross legge on bed , stare . 5:32 stand , look out the window . int . day room - day billy sit , alone and sullen , while other patient either smoke , play card or stare into space . another young male patient sit next to he . he 's get a tin of peanut brittle . patient want some ? my folk bring it . you folk come visit you ? billy my folk be divorced . leave I alone . patient what 's you name ? come on , what 's you name ? billy Allen . patient ( sympathetic ) only they call you billy , right ? but that 's not you name , be it ? I understand . billy ( soften ) you do ? patient they do that all the time here . ( offer he hand ) Natalie Wood . how do you do ? billy shake it . int . examining room - day at harding Hospital . billy attach to a eeg , while a technician look at the result . he 's obviously confuse . tight on the print out . int . office - day at harding . the technician be show the printout to a doctor . doctor it 's get to be a mistake . a glitch in the machine . technician I have never have a problem before . doctor well , what do you want I to say ? adult do not emit spike theta wave on they eeg 's . only child do . try change the electrode . int . examining room - day the two doctor be administer another eeg to billy . they seem satisfied with the result this time . doctor see ? completely normal . that electrode be for shit . technician but I do not change the electrode . I have to order it . int . corridor doctor harding approach billy peephole and peer in . beside he be the admitting nurse . int . room billy be on the floor , draw . he 's make a very disturbing picture of a tombstone that 's inscribe : do not r.i.p . int . corridor nurse I think he 's look forward to meeting you , Doctor . dr . harding ( gulp a little ) I will see he in my office . lot of coffee , please . he head off down the hall . int . outside harding's office billy be drop off by a orderly . harding ( rise to greet he ) ah , billy , come on in . sit down . coffee ? the orderly leave , close the door and shutting we out . int . hearing room it 's small and sterile . the judge , prosecutor , stenographer , dr . harding , gary , judy and billy be present . harding you honor , base on my interview with the defendant , it be my opinion that , William S. Milligan suffer from multiple personality disorder and have fragment into ten separate personality manifestation . at the time of the act in question , I believe he be mentally ill and unable to distinguish between right and wrong . further , he do not have the ability to refrain from commit this act . this finding be consistent with a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity , and I would , therefore , recommend that he be remand to athen State Hospital for suitable treatment . judge Mr. yavitch , do you contest this finding ? prosecutor no , you honor . the prosecution do not . judge then , lack any evidence to the contrary , this court have no alternative than to find the defendant not guilty by reason of insanity . he rap he gavel three time . ext . courthouse billy be lead , handcuff , by two policemen , out a back entrance , but they still collide with a handful of reporter . reporter how do you feel now that you have be find not guilty ? billy I feel better now that it 's all over with and I finally have come back to a reality that I have miss for so long . second reporter do you have any recollection of the crime you other personality have be charge with ? billy very little . certain thing come to I in form of dream that you could call memory , but I can not really distinct between memory -- the reality ... reporter ( aside to another reporter ) yeah , right . and I be doris Day . billy ... because my emotion split so far apart -- love , hate and fear ... second reporter billy , what do you want to do with you life ? billy become a citizen again . the cop lead he away . int . police car billy sit in back , flanke by the two policemen . it 's freezing cold . they be bundle up -- billy wear just a suit . one policeman drink hot coffee . first policeman well , you get away with it , do not ya ? you must be pretty proud of yourself . billy shiver silently . first policeman you turn my stomach . I have get two daughter . come on , you can tell I -- you be fakin ' , right ? second policeman Ray ... ( to billy ) you look cold . you want some hot coffee ? here . the second policeman , who wear thick glove , purposely shove the cup at billy handcuff hand so that the coffee spill all over he lap , scalding he . the policemen laugh . out the window , billy realize they be pass by a turn off on the road mark by a cover bridge . he get upset . we PRESS in on billy . then : tympani roll int . the showroom at the eden roc HOTEL in miami beach it 's 1958 , and fill with middle age jewish couple out for the resort 's Saturday night entertainment . the men be in suit and the women be dress to the tooth -- fall attach to over - tease hair , false eyelash and stiff , heavy gowns . mink drape over chairback . spotlight roam the stage and the audience . announcer ( o.c. ) lady and gentleman . the eden roc Hotel welcome you to the Grand ballroom . have we get a show for you tonight ! PRESS in on billy , age three . he 's in a suit and bowtie , on a stool next to the kitchen entrance , watch the stage in rapt fascination . waiter and busboys rush past he load down with trays full of drink . announcer ( o.c. ) Claire and myrna -- the Barry sister ... ( applause ) the dance styling of Tanya and briaggi ... ( applause ) and now , please welcome the adult only comedy of johnny morrison . the stage over applause , the band play johnny' lead - in music . he bound on stage , all sweat and smile -- he old shirt collar too tight for he extra chin . but the spotlight keep roam -- leave he in the dark . he give a " can you believe this shit ? " face and the audience reluctantly play along . this be the oldest shtick in the book . once again , the band play he little intro . once again the audience applaud -- but less than before . and this time , instead of the spot landing on he at the music cut -off , they focus on a empty spot across the stage . scatter laughter . more groan . billy laugh hard . the stage johnny now you know why it 's cheaper here than the fountainbleu . nothing . no response . just chair scuffling and fork on dessert plate . intercut between billy and the spotlight , as johnny continue with he act . billy be fascinate by it : it 's sharp , define glow , lighting up just one perfect circle while all around it be darkness . johnny two woman at the fountainbleu be look through a hole in the wall into the man 's steam room . they see one poor shnook , naked as a jaybird with a towel over he face . the first woman say : " ciel ... would you look at that ? he 's not jewish . " the other woman say " jewish ? he 's not even a guest here . " rimshot . the stage johnny ( flop sweat now ) alright , already . he whistle at the spot through he two finger and motion it towards he . it move maybe a foot in he direction . he commit the comic 's cardinal sin -- he laugh when the audience do not . he 's the joke now . billy oblivious . laugh -- deliriously happy . suddenly , a busboy with a tray full of glass bang into he and everything smashes to the ground . busboy ( clean ) goddammit ! billy I be sorry . busboy get out of the goddamn aisle . I be just missin ' you all night . billy I could not see before . busboy well , that 's too bad -- what the hell be you doin ' in here all alone , anyway ? billy ( point to johnny ) that 's my daddy . busboy yeah ? well , he stink . that steam room joke be as old as my aunt bessie 's ass . he go to lift billy off the stool . busboy now sit someplace else , before I have you throw out . billy no ! two big hand -- more like paw -- enter frame and lift the busboy off the ground . they belong to a second busboy , huge and mustachioe . he speak with a thick slavic accent . second busboy leave he alone . busboy ( scared ) hey , buddy , I be only ... second busboy just leave he alone . he toss the first busboy aside like a piece of crumpled up paper and give he attention to billy . billy I could not see before . that 's my daddy . he lift billy up onto he shoulder . second busboy there . now you see everything . the stage as johnny finally walk over to the spot and step inside it . a couple of people applaud . billy on the busboy be shoulder -- eye glue to he father -- all light up against the blackness . int . kitchen - day billy mother , dorothy , be come , watch a soap opera and talk on the phone all at the same time . billy , still three , have a toy ambulance that he 's run all over with -- roll it over everything , make siren noise , " vroom " at the top of he lung . finally : dorothy billy , please -- can not you see I be tryin ' to watch the tv ? now take that someplace else . he take the car down the hall -- vroom slightly quieter . we hold on a frame photo of johnny morrison and jimmy durante . baby billy sit on durante be knee . billy arrive at a door lead to the garage . he open it and immediately start cough . it 's fill with fume . he look inside the car , which be run , and see he father , slump over on the front seat . int . live room - day it 's fill with people , all in black , all eat . billy be in a black suit and bowtie , get underneath everybody 's foot , still carry he ambulance . he vroom very quietly . he look over at he mother , red -ey from cry , on a sofa with another woman . dorothy break down . dorothy my God , he look just like he . I can not look at he . I can not ... the other woman quickly bustles billy away . woman come on , son . you mother 's very upset . int . billy bedroom it 's empty as the woman bring billy inside . woman now you just sit up here and play for a while , alright ? that 's all grow up stuff goin ' on downstairs . and soon you mama 's gonna take you back home with she to Ohio . wo not that be fun ? she leave and close the door . he sit alone in the middle of the floor . he spin the wheel of he ambulance against the wear out rug . billy ( softly , a siren ) wooooo ... woooo ... and he roll it slowly out of frame . beat ... beat ... beat ... it roll back to he . and it 's be turn around to face he . billy look up and smile . angle to reveal a three year old girl , all in white . she 's the girl from the painting with the rag doll . girl vrooom ... vrooom ... billy he roll it back to she . int . bowling alley there 's a piano bar and dorothy be in a ratty , red sequine dress , sing " you be nobody till somebody love you . " as she do , we see billy , age eight , not really watch , just sit sullenly -- blow air bubbles in he Coke . someone 's watch though . chalmer milligan sit at the bar , smile at dorothy . she start perform just to he . billy realize what 's go on and watch carefully . chalmer catch billy look and feel expose . he turn he attention back to dorothy . later chalmer and dorothy , laugh in a booth over drink . pan over to the next booth -- billy be fast asleep . ext . carnival - night lot of people and ride . billy , dorothy and chalmer be in line for one ride , but as they get to the gate : attendant sorry , he 's too little . there 's a height requirement . billy be stricken . chalmer ( to billy ) well , tell ya what -- you wait here and we will meet you right after . it 's a short one , this one . he usher dorothy onto the ride as billy step aside -- watch and wait . int . live room - day chalmer watch from the sofa as billy sit with crayon and a pad on the floor . billy reach for the red one , but chalmer be foot come down on it . a beat as billy look up at he . finally , chalmer lift he foot and billy take it . int . bedroom - night dorothy be shaking billy out of a deep sleep . she 's breathless with excitement . dorothy billy , wake up . look . she show he a engagement ring on she finger . dorothy he ask I to marry he . we be not go to be alone anymore . she hug he tight . int . kitchen - day billy and dorothy do the dish together . billy I do not know what to call he . dorothy chalmer be you daddy , now . you call he daddy chal . billy look into the live room at chalmer , asleep in front of the tv , a beer in he hand . chalmer open he eye unexpectedly , startling billy . chalmer what be you doin ' in there ? only sissy help they mama 's do dish . you come in here with I and watch some tv . billy be nervous . dorothy ( privately ) go on . he 's you daddy , now . you mind he . he love you . billy go inside . int . kitchen - evening the three of they at the dinner table . no talk -- just quiet eat . dorothy billy , would you please pass the salt ? he grab it and go to hand it to he mother , but chalmer grab he other wrist . chalmer Salt get pass clockwise . billy what ? chalmer everything at the table get pass clockwise . billy why ? chalmer because that 's how we do it when I be growin ' up . it learn I manners -- you do not have everybody reachin ' all over the table for everything -- gettin ' in everybody 's food . billy pass it clockwise , via chalmer , who give it to dorothy . dorothy thank you . chalmer it 's just like when I teach you to sit with you hand on you knee and you foot flat on the floor when you be not eatin' . and you do not have to know the reason for everything , anyway . if I say to do something , then that 's enough . right ? billy yes . chalmer yes , what ? billy yes , daddy chal . int . live room - evening chalmer , billy and dorothy watch tv . Ed Sullivan . chalmer be get a beer in one hand and he other arm be around dorothy as he start fondle she breast . dorothy ( smile awkwardly , pull away ) chalmer ... chalmer ( a hoarse whisper ) what ...? he lean in to kiss she neck . billy watch . chalmer look right at he , then nuzzle she . dorothy ( still mindful of decorum ) no ... chalmer ( climb on she now , but not really threaten ) do not tell I no -- we be marry now . he think he 's be playful . a hand inside she blouse . billy still watch in silence . dorothy ( catch billy 's look to chalmer ) billy ... chalmer so ? he look at billy once more , then , never take he eye off he , slide he tongue into dorothy be ear . dorothy ( get up ) we can go in the bedroom . she leave and go upstairs . billy look at chalmer . chalmer what be you look at ? ( a icy hiss ) you bend they eye while I be talkin ' to you , boy . billy look down . chalmer drain he beer and toss the empty can at he , then head upstairs . in a moment , we hear a hit . dorothy scream . another hit . billy sit closer to the tv -- turn up the volume . a plate spinner on Ed Sullivan . as the beat continue upstairs . billy change the channel , landing on a old basil rathbone / Nigel Bruce sherlock holme movie . he stare hard as holme perform some miraculous demonstration of deduction . billy turn up the volume till it drown everything else out . int . kitchen - evening billy sit draw at the table while he mother do the irone . the draw be a landscape , and remarkably good for a nine year old . dorothy be it that late ? God , I do not know where the time go . she leave the room and head upstairs . as billy look up , he see chalmer stand in the next room , stare at he . billy go back to draw , but be unnerve . he look up again -- chalmer be go . he tentatively leave the kitchen and pad very slowly into the live room . no one there . billy sit on the sofa and look up -- there 's chalmer , lean against the wall next to the entrance way . billy be startle . billy hello , daddy chal ... no response . chalmer be eye bore a hole right through the boy . billy pick up a magazine . he leaf 's through a couple of page , consume with fright , then put it back carefully -- perfectly -- in the center of the coffee table . he glance up . chalmer have not move . he 's still stare . billy put he hand on he knee and he foot flat on the floor . then he get up and exit the room from the opposite side where chalmer be . ext . back porch as billy come out of the house . he go into the yard and wander restlessly -- toss a stick . he gather all he courage and look back towards the house . there be chalmer , watch he from the window . terrify , billy start to cry silently . suddenly , he mother be voice startles he . dorothy billy ! she 's at the upstairs window . dorothy come on to bed ! int . bedroom - night billy lie awake . he 's exhaust , but more scared . every time he start to nod off , he force he eye back open with a start . he pinch he arm and twist hard to keep himself up . int . kitchen - morning billy , eye puffy from lack of sleep , sit opposite chalmer and dorothy . chalmer do not look like he 's sleep much , either . dorothy look what I make for my two man this morning . pancake and bacon and fresh squeeze juice ... chalmer we be go to the farm today , billy . there 's a lot to be do . billy be grip by fear . int . car billy and chalmer move down a long , lonely road . neither one say a word . they both just stare straight ahead . ext . car as it turn off one road and onto another -- this one contain the cover bridge . it 's the same one that adult billy pass in the police car . a farm can be see in the distance amongst the spindly , leafless tree . ext . farm - day chalmer sit on the ground , drink beer and stare . angle to include the corn crib from the charcoal animation . billy be lock inside , try to ignore he step - father 's stare . int . corn crib billy see a cardinal on a tree branch . he have some paint with he and start to sketch out the bird on a piece of slate . suddenly chalmer pop up in front of he , carry a shovel . he unlock the corn crib . chalmer come on ... he lead billy out and they walk off into a field as the cardinal fly away to freedom . ext . field billy be digging a long hole that 's already knee deep . chalmer sit and watch . he hold a rusty , hollow , metal pipe in he hand -- about a foot long and four inch wide . chalmer six foot . you hear I ? billy continue digging . ext . field chalmer push a rototiller , churn up the ground for the come season . we follow he as he go . finally , he pass the pipe he be hold earlier -- only now it stick up six inch from the ground . as chalmer ride out of frame we hear the amplify sound of shallow breathe . int . barn we see billy only from the naked torso up . through a window , we can see chalmer outside , drink under a tree . his pants be undone . billy back be to we . he 's tie to the rototiller -- straddle it . his eye be wet from cry . he struggle against the rope , but it 's no use . then , he eye fix into the middle distance . he stare so hard , it hurt . a bright , white light shine straight into we eye . at first it have no form , no perimeter . billy stare . the light feel like a birth as we pull back from its center , gather velocity . it rumble , then roar , until we finally get to it 's outer edge . now it have a shape . it 's a spotlight -- sharp , define . surrounded by darkness . like the spot that shine on johnny morrison at the eden roc . billy stare even harder . the spot as a form emerge from it 's deep recess . it 's human . a teenage boy . the figure stretch out it 's hand . billy suddenly , he blink -- like we have see the adult billy do . his entire face seem to change . he 's not terrify anymore , merely confuse . he reach he face over to he constrain hand and touch he cheek with he finger . he have no idea why he 's be cry . he look around the barn -- then out at chalmer , who be oblivious . billy look at the rope around he wrist . they be tie to each other , close together , but there 's still some slack . he take a beat , then use one hand to push the thumb of he other hand far across it palm . his eye be clench in concentration . his hand turn bett red . suddenly , there 's a snap and he thumb be successfully dislocate . with he thumb pull out of its socket and drape across he palm , the thickest part of he hand be now thin than he wrist , enable he to slide it out from the rope . he snap it back in place and undoe he other wrist . outside the window , chalmer be now pass out drunk . int . barn the cardinal paint on the piece of slate . it 's be sign : billy . billy be fully dress now , rub he still red thumb , when he stumble upon it . he pick up the paintbrush next to it and add some touch . satisfied , he sign a second name beneath the one that 's already there : tommy . ext . STREET it 's a brilliant fall day . billy , age nine , be walk to school past a apple orchard . he carry a big , shiny red apple -- polish it as he go . he never see the car that suddenly round the bend and head straight for he . we hear a man and a woman giggle drunkenly from inside -- completely oblivious . it be virtually upon he , when , as if shove from behind by a invisible force , billy be throw clear of the automobile . it crush the apple into sauce and disappear around the next bend , but billy land safely . he start to cry . then we hear a voice . it have a thick East european accent . ragen' voice christene ... billy look up . ragen' voice please ... do not cry ... I get you another apple . tight on a adult pair of hand as they shimmy up a tree trunk and grab a apple . ext . STREET billy , hold this new apple , walk happily to school once more . ragen' face against a dark and indistinct background . he 's inspire by the eden roc busboy -- intense , olive -skin , with a full black moustache . ragen I will always be here to protect you . int . billy apartment billy , age twenty one , be work out with a set of nunchuk . he handle they like a expert , like a killer . sweat cover he bare chest . his hand be a blur . he punctuate each move with a throaty war cry , still in the thick yugoslavian accent , as he use a mannequin 's face and torso to simulate the disarming and vicious pummel of a attacker . he end with a fierce , sustained scream of a warrior . when he come back to himself , he look down : the mannequin be in shred . he open the refrigerator . it 's empty . he grab he wallet from he pocket and open it . it 's empty . he throw it angrily to the floor . he go to the sink and stick he head under , to wash the sweat off the get a drink , when the doorbell ring . billy approach it warily . he keep he accent all through this . billy who be it ? gordy ( o.c. ) gordy . billy grab a m - 16 from under a chair , reach high on a shelf for a clip and pop it in , then hold it to he side as he open the door a few inch . gordy be eighteen , thin , pale and high as a kite . gordy shit , it 's cold . you get any scotch ? he start to enter , but billy block he way . gordy what 's wrong ? we gonna do this in front of the neighbor ? I have get the money . gordy take out sixty buck in crumpled bill . billy look at it , then let he in . gordy walk past he into the live room . billy where be you go ? gordy ( not look back , imitate he ) where be I go ? gordy pull out a dresser drawer and put it on the floor . billy hey . gordy reach in and billy move right for he , the gun barrel come to rest on he back . gordy pull out a cellophane bag that 's be duck tape to the back of the dresser . it 's get several smaller bag inside , each stock with a different supply of pill . gordy whoa. jackpot . he turn and see the gun point straight at he . gordy what 's wrong ? I show you the money . he toss it to billy . gordy cool it . but billy be stunne . he 's never see the pill before . he lower he gun and grab the bag . as he open it and pull out its content : gordy what be you gettin ' all excited for ? have I ever rip you off ? never . wow , you get the red . billy drop the bag to the floor . billy how do you know this be there ? gordy ( pick they up ) that 's where you always keep them . oh no . be you gonna get all weird again ? I hate when you do this shit . gordy pocket sixty dollar worth of speed , then see the nunchuk and a set of free weight . gordy I do not know you be so into that stuff . he pick up the nunchuk -- do a few comically inane move . billy put they down . gordy ( he do ) Boy , who put the bug up you ass today ? and what 's with the commie accent ? you know , the guy I work for be look for a bodyguard . someone to drive the car to the pick -up and look like a animal so no one pull any shit . you wanna meet he ? the pay be good . billy how much ? gordy I do not know -- ask he . the sumbitch be make of money . I be goin ' over there now . you wanna come ? billy we need money . gordy so come on . his name 's foley . billy grab a sweatshirt and they leave . ext . hoover reservoir - day as the water roar below , billy sit alone in he park car . thirty yard away be a park mercede . two men sit in the front seat , while gordy lean in the back window talk to foley . billy be tense , but stoic . in a moment , gordy turn . he get out of the car . gordy he want to talk to you . billy get out of the car . the other three men get out of theirs . billy take the long walk over , but upon reach they one man spin he around to face the car while hold a automatic to he head and the other start to frisk he . immediately , billy elbow the man with the gun in the throat , deliver a quick flurry of knifehand karate strike to he face , break he nose , then hold he in front of he own body . billy grab the man' hand , wrapping he finger around the finger that be already guard the trigger , and straighten the henchman 's arm , use it to point the gun directly at foley . billy it be not good to move . I put three bullet between you eye before you take step . foley put he hand up . billy turn to the second flunkie . billy you . take gun from under jacket with two finger and put on ground . the man hesitates . billy do it now or you will be smile out of you sleeve . he do as billy say . billy push the first man away , hold onto the gun . billy I would say you need better bodyguard than this two . foley ( to the two man ) go over there . I be go to have a talk with Mr. Milligan . int . mercede foley press a button and a bar open . foley what do you drink ? billy vodka . foley no shit . where would you get a name like Milligan ? billy name mean nothing . I be yugoslavian . foley well , billy . I be in the shipping business , and my driver need protection . billy I be a protector . you have job . I do it . I need money . foley oh , do not worry , you will make money . billy except one thing . I do not hurt people unless my life be in danger , and I do not harm woman . foley it 's a deal . they shake hand . int . billy apartment gordy take a hit of speed and wash it down with a swig of vodka . gordy where would you learn karate ? who be you really ? ex -c.i.a .? mercenary ? but billy have draw into himself -- lip move silently . gordy you o.k.? ( hold out the speed ) here , you want a b.b .? billy " return " . he quickly check out the scene -- where he be and who he 's with . billy ( almost relieved ) gordy . billy smile and take a pill . after he swallow it , gordy offer he the vodka . billy reach past he for a beer . gordy shrug and pick up a volume of poetry by Emily dickinson . gordy ( laugh ) poetry ? you read this shit ? or you get a girlfriend I do not know about ? billy have never see it before . gordy read : gordy hope be the thing with feather that perches in the soul , and sing the tune without the word and never stop at all . billy grab it and throw it across the room . billy I have never see it before . gordy no ? then who the hell 's it belong to ? the book have land in front of a painting of the withdraw , teenage girl with long pair parte in the middle . as we PRESS in on billy , we crossfade to : int . billy bedroom - morning he 's nine year old . dorothy be approach voice wake he up . dorothy billy ! you be gonna be late for school ! she open the door . dorothy billy , come on . he look at she , confuse . dorothy let 's go . I be make blueberry pancake . int . spot the bright , white light , surround by darkness . phil be there , tucking a napkin into he collar . he 's a tough look twenty year old with bad skin and three day of growth of beard . int . kitchen billy , still age nine , tucking a napkin into he collar . he 's smother he pancake in a ton of syrup and wolfing they down in huge , convict size bite . dorothy I be not go to show this report card to daddy chal . one D , all the rest F 's ... what 's wrong , billy ? I know you be bright . you go to school every day . why do not you learn ? it 's like there 's two billy 's . and one of they I do not care for very much at all . now you be go to have to try and do better , and that 's all there be to it . understand ? billy do you have any black coffee ? int . third grade classroom it 's very eisenhower fifty mid-west . Thanksgiving turkey cut-out on the window ; Autumn leaf display , etc . the child be all take they seat . billy do not know be he belong . he finally sit , but immediately , a girl approach . girl that 's my seat . billy go to hell . girl miss haworth , billy Milligan just swore at I and he 's sit in my seat . billy ( under he breath ) Jesus ... billy stand and the girl sit . miss haworth what 's the matter , billy ? do not you remember where you seat it ? he shake he head no . miss haworth I be get very tired of this little game , billy . now take you seat . by this time , there 's only one seat leave unoccupy . billy sit . miss haworth thank you . now maybe we can get on with we arithmetic test . as miss haworth pass out the mimeograph quiz sheet , billy be grip with fear . he look at the sheet . it 's like hieroglyphics to he . miss haworth alright class , you may begin . the kide start work -- billy freeze . a beat then : tight on a adult hand , hold a pencil , poise over the test . we hear a English accent : arthur ( o.c . ) oh , dear , really . you must be joke . angle on the classroom . miss haworth ssh ! billy sit with a completely different posture and demeanor . he look down he nose at the test and race through it . he 's do almost immediately and put down he pencil . miss haworth look up from she desk . miss haworth done already ? angle to include billy . he 's back to be himself -- scared and confuse . he have no idea how he get to school . miss haworth ( approach ) be not you even go to check you work ? he do not respond . she take the paper and look at it . then : miss haworth let I see you arm . he roll up he sleeve . then she look all around he desk . billy what 's wrong ? miss haworth ( extremely suspicious ) they be all correct . ext . school - day it 's a Saturday and there 's no one around , except for billy , now age fourteen . he 's throw rock from about thirty yard away -- try to break window . we be behind he as he hear phil be twenty year old voice . phil ( o.c. ) hey . very quick cut . first : a angle on billy face , speak as phil , with a thick New York accent . billy what be you do ? another angle on billy face , answer as kevin -- also twenty . billy bustin ' window . a adult hand , pick up a rock . phil ( o.c. ) cool . let I . billy throw a rock and shatter a window . int . spot phil , in the light , wiping the dirt off he hand . ext . the school billy be baffle , look around . billy ( as Kevin ) where be you ? phil ( o.c. ) where be you ? billy ( as Kevin ) I be stand on the hill -- behind the school . phil ( o.c. ) yeah ? I too . int . spot kevin , now in the light . he 's twenty , blonde hair , green eye -- a tough guy like phil . kevin what 's you name ? phil ( o.c. ) Philip , what 's yours ? kevin Kevin . angle in the distance , kevin be light in the spot . in the f.g. , phil in semi-darkness , be unaware of he . phil that 's a funny name . kevin yeah ? I would bust you if I could see you . phil where ya live ? ext . the school billy casually throw rock at the school , break window as he speak . billy ( as Kevin ) on spring Street . where you from ? phil ( o.c. ) I be from Brooklyn , New York , but now I live on spring Street , too . int . spot kevin kevin it 's 933 spring . a white house . own by some guy name chalmer Milligan . he call I billy . kevin reach down . ext . school - billy hand pick up a rock . billy ( o.c. ) jeez -- that 's where I live . I know the same guy . he call I billy , too . I play along for the pancake . billy throw the rock -- then turn around . int . spot kevin turn , as billy just do , and come face to face with philip . phil I be not never see you there . kevin I be not never see you there , either . phil ( pop open a Zippo ) well , shit , pal , let 's go down to the wood and light fire . kevin cool . ext . school billy run off towards the wood , Zippo in hand . int . billy apartment billy , age twenty one , have discover drug stashed behind the dresser drawer . he check they out , then speak with Arthur 's british accent . billy l.s.d. Kevin and Philip have become undesirable . something must be do to banish they from the spot . bang ! music blast . elton John 's " madman across the Water " . the screen be fill with a wash of deep blue . billy enter frame , silhouett against it , paintbrush in hand . he attack the blue with white and yellow . in a series of cut : the painting be incredibly detailed -- fine , delicate line form eye and strand of hair -- but he manner be frenetic . he pace the floor , stare at the canvas the way a matador size up a bull , then hurl himself at it -- always reign himself in to achieve the control , meticulous tension that the painting demand . the spot allen painting . cigarette dangle from he mouth . the painting further along . it 's like a story unfold . symbol , clock , face -- all corresponding to some private vision of billy be . int . apartment time CUT . billy be drench now . he paint a section , then step back to look at it . dissatisfy he take a can of red paint and fling it across the canvas . he stop a moment to catch he breath , then start all over again . in a moment , he " blink " . his demeanor change , he posture , the way he hold the brush . he go from look like a artist in complete command of he craft , to look like some guy hold a paintbrush . he see the bag of drug arthur have leave out earlier and pick they up , hungrily . from out of a envelope , he shake out a small piece of paper with a stamp of a loopy cartoon horse on it . he smile wickedly , then put it to he tongue and lick the purple microdot off the tip of its muzzle . billy painting -- trip out of he mind . billy - later now allen , the personality who have originally start the painting . he 's look aghast . he Pov phil have turn it into some sixty psychedelic nightmare and sign it . billy light a cigarette , then start painting over it -- start again . billy painting in detail once more . his neck be sore . his finger be sore . it 's pitch black outside . billy - dawn finally finish . ashtray overflow . he 's look at the result . it be a major work -- complicated -- probably over - complicated -- full of the confusion and enormity of what 's inside he . he sign it : allen . he wipe the sweat off he face , walk to the sofa and lie down . he 's asleep in second . int . apartment - later billy wake up . a beat . he walk over to the painting . he look at it , then reach for a handful of crayon . int . spot Three year old christene pick up crayon . int . apartment - later billy stand stunne . there be childish squiggle and drawing all over the canvas . it 's completely ruin . his eye fill with tear . int . darkened area there be a male figure move through the shadow , though we can hardly discern any activity . angle to include the spot in the distance . ragen be in it . in the foreground , now , the lurking male figure enter the frame . we see he , only partially and from behind , watch ragen . ext . wood fourteen year old billy be practice pull a knife from he boot and chuck it at a tree with lightning speed and accuracy . int . spot arthur' voice ragen vadascovinich . ragen turn quickly . ext . wood billy have he knife out in a defense stance . int . spot ragen be in the same position . ragen where be you ? arthur' voice I be right here . ext . wood billy be all alone , talk to himself in the wood . billy ( English accent ) we be in the same body . we share it . you be in my head and I be in yours . and there be other as well , but most of they do not know about each other . int . spot arthur stand just outside the spot , talk to ragen . he 's twenty two , with a patrician air and John Lennon glass . ragen be true -- I have hear voice before -- but how can you be same place I be ? be not possible . arthur it 's simple , really . whoever be on the spot hold the consciousness . right now , it 's you . when it 's someone else , we be very often unaware . ragen eye he warily . arthur do you play chess ? ragen of course . int . billy mind ragen and arthur in a limbo-like space , play chess . though they be obviously sit , we can see not chair . it 's like they be sit in blackness . in the background , we can see christene , all of three year old , sit in the spot , draw happily . arthur if we be to survive in the world , we will have to bring some order out of this chaos . billy wander around , oblivious , start thing and not finish they -- get into all kind of ridiculous scrape -- switch in front of people . and some , like Philip and Kevin be quite destructive and need to be carefully monitor . int . classroom fourteen year old billy and he class be take a math test , but billy , currently occupy by christene be personality , be draw picture all over the test sheet . a girl sit next to he be watch he incredulously . arthur and ragen play chess . christene draw in the spot in the background . arthur ah , a indian defense . very good . ragen who be that ? he indicate a four year boy sit alone , stare blankly . arthur that be shawn . he 's completely deaf . he take the spot to block out he mother 's cry . we have get all kind here . but there 's get to be a way of control thing . ragen do billy know about we ? arthur no . ragen should he be tell ? arthur I think it would drive he insane . ragen then how can thing be control ? arthur we will make rule . everyone will have specific duty that be tailore toward they particular talent . Tommy be a electronics genius , as well as a escape artist . several of we be painter . I excel at foreign language and dabble in medicine and biochemistry . the girl do domestic chore . ragen there be woman here ? arthur oh yes . April and adalana . they do the cooking , the shopping , the clean ... checkmate . ragen what about I ? arthur you shall continue you role as protector ... ext . road fourteen year old billy jogging -- sweat pour down . arthur ( v.o. ) ... develop yourself physically ... learn the martial art -- weaponry -- be able to step into a dangerous situation at a moment notice . he speed up -- run harder and harder . the intensity in he face be enormous -- as if every fiber of he be be perfectly focus on this one activity . int . classroom - day a teacher be dron on , write endlessly at the blackboard . she have lose control of the class , which be chat away , pay little or no attention . teacher the War of the rose be a series of war fight by two English family in the late 15th century for the rule of the country . as she speak , the class get quieter and quieter in the background , until there 's just the teacher and a strange whisper . teacher the House of lancaster have a red rise as its emblem while the House of York have a white rise . the force of the House of lancaster win and they leader , Henry tudor , father of the future Henry VII , become king ... finally , she turn around and stop speak . angle to include class . they be all stare at billy , age fourteen , who sit at he desk , eye glaze and half roll into he head -- lip move a mile a minute -- whisper in a strange gibberish . int . school counselor' office a sign on he desk identify he as such . he face billy . counselor do you know why you be here , billy ? do you want to talk about it ? billy look away . the counselor come around he desk and sit close to billy . counselor you can say anything here . go on . what be you feeling ? billy it 's like a dream that come and go . my step - dad hate I . I hear he scream . I hear other voice , too . I get blame for stuff I do not do . people call I a liar . I never know what time it be -- or what day it be . sometimes I feel like I be go crazy . I do not know what 's in my pocket . and I see lot of thing that be not real . there 's a lock door and someone 's pound to get out . I see a woman fall down and suddenly she 's turn into a pile of metal and I can not reach she and I be so scared and lonely and I be afraid to ask for help . I need help . oh God ... ( self -conscious , through sniffles ) hey , I be the only kid who can take a trip without lsd . counselor it 's all right , billy . we be go to get you some help . int . doctor' office - day billy be examine by a g.p. -- while he mother look on . after a bit : doctor ear normal , eye normal , throat o.k . -- I do not see anything yet . alright , billy , take off you pants . his face crumble . he 's overcome by fear . dorothy go on , billy , you mind the doctor . the doctor reach for billy belt , and billy scream in terror . billy nooo !!! it echoe into eternity as we CUT to : int . columbus state hospital billy walk down a corridor with a different doctor , leave he mother behind . as they go , they pass all manner of disturb child . doctor do not worry , billy . no one 's go to hurt you . we be here to help you . int . examining room - day the doctor give billy two pill in a small , paper container . billy put they in he mouth . quick cut : billy take different pill on a different day . the same day . and again . now he wash they down with water . int . doctor' consultation office billy , dorothy and chalmer , across the desk from the doctor . doctor he certainly seem high strung , and he mood swing be unpredictable . he also like to pretend or role play quite a bit . but I do not really see that there 's anything more we can do for he here . try change he diet . he seem to do better on jello day . int . school hallway as billy walk through with he book , other kide point and whisper to each other . some laugh . as he pass one little girl , she yell from behind . girl billy Milligan be a psycho ! he be in the loony bin ! the kide laugh . ext . the roof of the high school it 's windy as all hell as billy inch he way towards the edge . he 's a million mile away -- he eye fix in the middle distance . int . spot billy , with the very same expression , inside the spotlight . we hear voice from around the periphery . ragen' voice we must do something . we must act now . arthur' voice push he off the spot or he will jump . ext . the roof billy still move forward -- ever closer . int . spot he appear to be walk -- but he do not move . it 's as if he 's on a treadmill . tommy' voice oh let he jump . who need he around , anyway ? always embarrassing we -- always get we into trouble ... arthur' voice no . it 's we responsibility to keep he safe . ext . roof billy pick up speed now . this be the final push . int . spot billy go fast -- still gain no ground . ragen' voice take spot . quickly . arthur' voice ( he 's try ) I can not . tommy' voice the hell with he . loser ... ext . roof billy at the edge -- about to jump . int . spot ragen' voice no ! and now ragen emerge from the darkness , run full speed . he tackle billy . ext . roof billy suddenly throw himself to the ground just a step before go over . int . spot ragen and billy on the ground . ragen ( after catch he breath ) we must put he to sleep , be too dangerous otherwise . arthur emerge close enough to the light to be visible . arthur I agree . he can no longer function for himself . he shall relinquish the spot indefinitely . even if it mean he never wake up again . ext . roof billy , on the ground , eyelid heavy , lip move . suddenly , he be still . then , he eye open fully . he get up . he 's completely confuse at be on the roof . int . spot which be now occupy by allen , the fourteen year old , all alone in the light . his confuse expression be a exact duplicate of billy be on the roof . somewhere in the b.g. , a small girl laugh softly . we pan over into the surround semi-darkness , where ragen kneel before christene , a finger to he lip . ragen ssh . billy be sleep . we continue to pan as ragen indicate billy , lie in what we can only assume be a bed -- but the darkness be too thick to see below he body . he be fast asleep . this image transform into rotoscope animation which segues into a series of fluid image : painting do by billy . portrait , still life , landscape -- do and sign by different personality , end with a portrait of shawn . int . lancaster electroplating it look like something out of Dante 's inferno . gigantic machinery , churn out spark and steam , motore by propane and hydraulics . the noise be deafen as huge , hook -cover ladder roll on suspend track and dip a endless supply of metal part into a succession of electrify acid bath . men duck and weave in goggle and huge , rubber glove , narrowly avoid decapitation or electrocution as they do they routine . we track to billy stand at the operator 's control panel . it 's a mystify series of button , lever and speaker -- and billy be completely dumbfounded . billy Pov he see everything , but hear nothing . silence . he be deaf . angle - SOUND normal as suddenly there 's a zinc stack up in one of the acetone rinse . the part keep roll along on the overhead conveyor track -- compound the jam . worker power off ! power off ! billy in silence know he 's yell at he , but have not any idea what he 's suppose to do . he see the worker be lip move . worker Milligan ! the foreman run up and pull the power switch . the entire apparatus grind to a halt . foreman ( we lip read only ) what the hell be wrong with you ? angle - SOUND normal foreman do not you hear he ? billy ? knock knock ... billy " blink " . he 's confuse . he know where he be , but not how he get there . foreman what 's go on ? billy nothin ' , Ted . we get a problem ? foreman yeah , we get a problem . I get a train wreck over there and you be sittin ' here pullin ' you pud . you do good work when you do it , but I can not run my factory at you convenience . billy what be you talkin ' about ? ( call out ) hey , Willie , you get a traffic jam ? foreman I be sorry , billy . you have to leave . billy what ? foreman you be fire . billy fire ? foreman come up front . I will pay you off for the week . int . cafeteria restaurant - day billy be at the cashier with a tray full of food . he 's still get grease stain hand from work . cashier that 's $ 2.85 , please . billy reach into he wallet -- but it 's empty . he 's completely confuse . he check he other pocket as the line get impatient behind he , but pull out fist full of candy . he look at the cashier in embarrassment -- then bolt out of the restaurant , leave he food behind . int . bedroom - night billy lie in bed , eye half close , lip move . all we can make out be a vague mutter . int . somebody's apartment - night right smack in the middle of a party . lot of people dance , drink , make small talk . we pick out billy , sit on a sofa next to francine . she 's unselfconsciously beautiful . her edge be tough . unpampered . but not without its sweetness . billy look lose beside she . francine you o.k .? billy yeah , fine . francine I keep sayin ' " billy " . do you hear I ? billy I be just think . sorry . francine ( flirt a little ) what about ? somethin ' I make you think about ? billy uh ... who 's party be this ? francine I know , I too . I know he work at the same plant as my friend Liz . but she tell I you use to work there , too . billy I , uh ... I be embarrassed . I forget you name . francine ( playful ) I do not tell you yet . it 's francine ... and I know you be billy . I ask Liz right when I come in and see ya . God , that must sound so slutty . billy I like girl to be a little slutty . francine ( laugh ) I bet you do . billy I do not like the stick up kind . francine I know -- I either . walkin ' around all perfect like they do not have no dark part . but you know they do , ' cause everybody do . that 's my favorite part -- the dark part . how about you ? billy I do not know . I guess I have never run into it . francine sure you have . people just do not like you knowin ' that 's what you run into . hey , do that trick with you eye again . billy what trick ? francine where you make you eye go funny . billy how much have you have to drink ? francine I ? what about you ? he look at the beer in he hand , not know how it get there , and not feel the least bit drunk . francine one minute you be fallin ' down drunk , the next you be sober . you gotta teach I that one . so , be we go to you place ? he look at she -- suddenly brighten . francine you say you would show I you painting . come on , I wanna see them . I will just say goodnight to Liz . she get up and cross to she girlfriend . billy sit there and fade away into himself . immediately , he 's back -- drunk and cocky . he downs the rest of he beer and walk toward francine , deftly grab a joint out from behind some guy 's ear as he pass . he put a arm around she waist and lead she out . int . car park on the street -- billy and francine inside . she 's busy look in she compact . francine be you o.k. to drive ? you down at least two six that I see . billy " leave " a moment , then " return " -- he have change . francine huh ? be you o.k .? billy ( English accent ) I be perfectly fine . francine ( laugh , and do a English accent ) oh , well then , home , William . he start the car and pull out . ext . STREET as billy and francine drive off . francine ( v.o. ) you be on the wrong side of the road ! and , indeed , he be . a oncoming car narrowly miss they . he pull back to the right side and they continue out of frame . painting four or five , one after the other . landscape , portrait ... francine look at they with billy . francine hey , you be really good . I mean it . the tree look like tree -- the people look like people ... I could not do that . billy ( he 's Allen now ) thanks . francine you sure must like kid . several of the portrait be of the " child " . billy ( he feel this deeply ) kid be very important . but you have to be careful how you paint they -- they be so easy to mess up ... she lean over and kiss he tenderly . they separate . she lead he to the bed . they kiss again . they eye be close -- but he open he mid-kiss . his eyeball drift with nystagmus and a tear emerge -- roll down he cheek . he close they again as he lay she down . int . bedroom - night billy be naked , fast asleep . angle to include francine , in he oversize tee shirt , silently look around the apartment . it 's fairly run down and cheaply furnish . there be a conspicuous absence of photograph . she approach billy be desk . in one area , it be stack with medical text and biology primer . in another , tool , wire and electronic part lie scattered . she open a drawer , check to make sure she 's not waking he , and , inside , find a few child 's book : Dr. seuss " Green egg and Ham " , " Little Red Riding Hood " , etc . she close it and open another . Inside be papers in hand write Arabic . page and page of it . she put they back and close the drawer . she move to he closet , go inside and close the door behind she . she pull a string and the light go on . there among he clothes , she find a .38 pistol inside a shoe box . she smile . she 's find the dark part . she close the box , turn off the light and open the door . there stand billy , scare the shit out of she . billy ( sharply ) what be you do in there ? francine I get cold . I be look for pajamas or a sweater . a beat , as he scrutinize she . she smile privately . he grab a robe off a chair and put it around she shoulder . he hold she to he . billy what happen ? last thing I remember we laid down on the bed -- do I fall asleep for a minute ? francine a minute ? it 's almost dawn . come on back to bed . she lead he . as they lie down , she kiss he . she pull away . francine you be not tired , be you ? once just be not enough for I tonight . she look at he -- eye twinkle . he have absolutely no memory of they have make love . int . billy apartment - day he sit at he desk , translate Arabic from a thick hardcover . as he move the book closer , a note fall out . it say : you have hide talent . - f. billy crumple it up angrily , then feel something in he pocket . he reach in and pull out a empty condom wrapper . he throw it in the trash . billy ( English accent ) she spend the night . bloody hell . int . shower billy scrub himself , sing , feel good . int . apartment billy , in he jacket , grab he lunch pail and head out the door . int . car billy drive , sing along with the radio . ext . lancaster electroplating as billy pull up . int . lancaster electroplating in full operation . the belly of the beast . billy walk in , happy as a clam . a couple of guy look at he funny . billy ( nod ) roy. leaky . he make he way to the makeshift locker area : there be box in row attach to a wall , face out . each one have a name write on mask tape . several guy be there , get they goggle and glove . billy amble up to what should be he box , but someone 's in front of it . he look at the tape . there 's a second piece of tape over what obviously be once he . it now say jack decker . decker turn around . decker yeah ? billy be confuse , but consume with a all too familiar feel of dread . he start to back up . another guy walk past he . guy hey , billy . Long time , no see ... billy turn and bolt . he nearly knock over the foreman as he head for the door . ext . electroplating factory - morning billy run out of the building and lean against the chain link fence . a beat , then he change . his confusion and panic replace by ragen be predatory glare . ext . bait shop - night we be in back . crates of worm have be deliver and await unpack tomorrow . angle gordy and billy in gordy be car as they pull up ... billy ( slavic accent ) I do not like this . gordy calm down . billy they be early . gordy so they be early . the merchandise will not have a chance to get stale . he pat the merchandise on the back seat : fourteen pound of marijuana , divide into brick . gordy go on . take the stash bag . billy grab a small satchel with a couple ounce in plastic bag inside , and get out , leave the door open . stack of crate fill with worm . billy and the connection meet in they shadow . connection well , well . the russky . billy be completely humorless . he give up the taste . the connection smell it . feel it . connection sticky . green. good . bring out the rest . billy where be the gun ? the connection motion behind he . angle a second connection be stand by the car . beside he , on the ground , be a crate cover by a canvas tarp . billy and the connection . billy bring over here . connection dope first . billy no . connection look man , we be cuttin ' you a ridiculous deal as it be . billy during the follow , look over at the canvas cover crate . from underneath the bottom , he see several worm crawl out . connection ( o.c . ) you take advantage of my good nature and I be gonna take my toy and go home . billy and connection . billy know he 's be stung . billy we do not do business . he turn and walk back toward gordy and the car . in a moment , there be gunfire at he back . as the two connection empty they clip , billy tear ass between column of stack bait . bullet splinter the wood , blow hole wide enough for tangle mass of worm to squirm out of . billy return some fire but gordy have no gun and can not cover he . billy reach the car and dive through the open window of the wide open door . he use the car chassis for protection , but it 's too dangerous for he to lift himself high enough to see where he 's shoot . billy lay on the ground and see he attacker from they foot to the bottom of they thigh . he open fire -- knee capping one , and rip a hole in the other 's ankle . they both hit the ground . now billy can see they face under the car . he smile and wave . gordy have start the engine by now and billy haul himself into the passenger seat . they take off , leave the two wounded connection writhe in the exhaust amongst the swarm of escape worm . int . apartment billy stand in the middle of the live room talk to himself in a English accent . billy it 's get harder and harder to keep control . the mix - up time be happen far too frequently . the undesirable personality have be steal . and today I find this . he 's hold a bail receipt . billy ( slavic accent ) someone be do drug . no one can hold a job . billy ( English accent ) it 's all slip away ... int . apartment Press in on billy face -- lose , empty . he close he eye and the screen black out . a second later : billy Pov separate from kissing francine . she 's sweat . they have be make love . blackout . a second later : in a restaurant , face people who be eat at other table . blackout . a second later : billy look in the medicine cabinet mirror in he bathroom . it 's morning and he 's go to shave . he open the cabinet , reach for the shave cream , then stop . he can not figure out why there 's a box of tampax in there . blackout . a second later : men work on a factory assembly line . blackout . a second later : facing a man from the assembly line in a bar . he 's laugh at a joke billy tell say " you be a funny guy " -- so he response be directly to camera . blackout . a second later : francine cooking in billy kitchen . we see she at the stove from behind . blackout . a second later : francine , hold a new box of tampon and a wastepaper basket , talk directly to camera . francine ( peeve ) why do you keep throw out my tampon ? my toothbrush and my hairspray , too . you know , if you do not want I to keep stuff here , just tell I . a second later : a foreman -- angry , vein bulg in he forehead . foreman ( to camera ) what do you call this ? he hold up a wrongly put together piece of machinery . foreman my six year old could put this together . go home , Milligan . you be fire . blackout . a second later : billy hand shaking out a tuinal and a quaalude from two separate bottle . he lift he hand toward the lens . blackout . a second later : Painting on a canvas . blackout . a second later : francine , naked , sit up in bed . she 's upset . francine ( to camera ) I do not understand it . you be so gentle when you make love . billy sweat , sit opposite she in bed . the camera continue press in on he face as it do at the start of this section . ext . gas station - night it 's a roadside stop on the highway -- empty and quiet . billy be outside he car with the attendant , who 's finish fill the tank . billy pay he and get back in the car . int . car as billy sit . his eye close a moment . when they be - open , they be fill with fear and confusion . he sit immobilize for a long moment , look around for help . he move he hand toward the steering wheel . tight on the steering wheel . two small child 's hand reach into frame and grab it . int . car billy with he adult hand on the steering wheel . he look down . tight on the gas pedal as a small child 's foot try vainly to reach it . he 's way too short . int . car billy , try not to panic . he rub he nose with he sleeve . finally , he move over to the passenger seat and wait for a adult to drive he home . later same situation , only now he have to go to the bathroom . he hold he crotch like a little kid . he get out of the car and see the " mens " sign . all be quiet as he walk past three or four park car and enter the bathroom . int . bathroom it 's very dimly light and billy eye need a second to adjust . the lightbulb 's be remove from the overhead fixture . the stall door be close . a middle age man in a sweater and glass be wash he hand . there be two urinal , one low for child . that 's the one billy go to . the man at the sink look at billy in the mirror . the stall door open and a second man step out . he 's a big , work class kind of guy in a porkpie hat and leather jacket . instead of leave , he just stand against one wall . in a moment , a woman come out of the same stall . she 's tall and flamboyant . she sashays over to the urinal beside billy and glance over . now we get we first real look at she . it 's immediately clear that she be a man in drag . billy , more confuse than frighten , look at the transvestite , who smile . now the other two man go into the toilet stall and close the door . transvestite hey sweetheart , get something ' there for I ? the transvestite reach down to touch billy penis . angle billy open he eye . there 's fire in they . billy grab the transvestite by the blouse , lift he off the ground and throw he into the side of the toilet stall , leave a big dent in the metal . he / she slide down , quivering , to the floor . the two men come out of the stall . one get away , but one run smack into billy who punch he hard in the face . his ring cut open the man be lip . he turn back to the transvestite , who have get up and be shriek at he , wave a knife . transvestite you bastard ! I will cut you heart out , motherfucker ! in a flash , billy do a quick flurry of karate hit and kick that leave the transvestite unconscious under the sink . billy look over to the second man . billy ( slavic accent ) he will live . I be very careful about what bone I break . suddenly , billy blink hard -- shake he head -- look around , quickly surveying the situation . he pick up the transvestite be purse up off the floor and empty it -- nothing valuable . he turn back to the second man . second man no ... please ... billy take the man' watch off he wrist . the man offer he wallet , which billy take . he now have a New York accent . billy the jacket . he take it off the billy grab it . billy do not breath a word , you hear I ? you hear I ? second man ( breathless ) yes ... billy ( hold up wallet ) I know where you live , now . and billy leave . int . bedroom - day from the bathroom we hear the shower run while francine , sorting dirty laundry on the bed , have find something that 's stop she dead in she track . the man from the gas station 's wallet lie in front of she , and in she hand she hold credit card with this stranger 's name . she look over to the dresser . there 's the watch . over the back of the chair be the leather jacket . on the desk be a fistful of money . the shower be turn off . she freeze . she quickly put the thing back in the wallet and the wallet back in billy pocket . billy emerge from the bathroom in a towel and kiss she on the head as he pass . int . grilli' takeout italian - night grilli be make billy a hero : sausage , provolone , tomato sauce . he put it , steaming hot , into a white paper bag . int . billy apartment billy enter , toss the key on the table , lay the white bag on the counter , and go into the bedroom . he walk into the closet and bend for he slipper as the door shut behind he . he stand up and hit he head on the shelf . he slump down , hold he head . outside the closet crouch , he kick open the door . he 's change . he 's like a panther . he grab a gun from a shoebox and stalk the apartment . as he enter the kitchen , he sense movement . there 's a strange , white bag on the counter , and the steam rise make it crinkle and move . billy quickly aim and fire , bounce it off the wall . he duck behind the counter , then peer over it cautiously . the gun train on the bag as it lay on the floor . he walk around the counter and carefully use the gun barrel to open the top of the bag . there he see what look like a bloody mess and jump back , fire again . finally he can see that it 's a sandwich . confused , he pick it up and put it back on the counter . he go back in the bedroom , put the gun down and lay on top of the bed . he close he eye . int . kitchen - night billy enter , rub he stomach . he grab a plate and a napkin and go for the white bag . he see what a mess it be . he pull out the shred sandwich . billy what the fuck ...? int . grilli be the phone ring and grilli pick it up . grilli grilli 's heros . billy ( on phone ) what 's go on ? I buy a stromboli hero and when I get it home it be all mangle . int . billy apartment billy on the phone . billy it look like it 's be put through a blender . you son of a bitch , you just lose yourself a customer . he hang up . int . grilli be grilli be completely confuse . as he hang up : grilli Ohio , man . must be something in the water ... ext . road - night billy be car zipping down a two lane highway in the rain . he 's swerving . int . car - night billy unload a couple of Black beauties and wash they down with a swig of Jack Daniels . ext . pond - night it 's not far from the side of the road . billy pull the car over and sit , barefoot , in the swampy grass , look out at the water . a stray dog come out of the shadow . he 's big , part shepard , but seem friendly enough . billy ( New York accent ) hey , Boy . what be you doin ' here all alone ? c'mere . but the dog hang back -- he eye flash in the light that 's reflect off the water . somehow he know not to come closer . somehow he know everything . billy what be you lookin ' at I like that for ? what 's wrong ? come here . the dog recede back into the darkness . billy crazy mutt ... then , in a moment , a car speed past . there 's a dull thud as it go . billy hear a whimper noise and get up . he 's blind drunk as he wander toward the cry . there , near the highway , lie the wounded dog . it 's bleed like crazy , obviously a hit and run victim . billy kneel down and scoops it up . int . hospital emergency room - night billy burst in , hold the wounded animal . he 's in a frenzy , flagging down any nurse or doctor in sight . billy ( New York accent ) help I . he 's be hit by a car . I find he by the side of the road ... nurse Sir , you can not bring he in here -- this be a medical hospital . we will call the veterinary hospital . billy he 's not gonna make it to a vet . nurse ( go for a phone ) we will send he in a ambulance . there 's nothing we can do . billy ( chase she ) what the fuck be wrong with you ? he 's a live creature ! nurse ( to another ) call security . billy fuck security . a doctor come over . doctor o.k. , why do not you just settle down . you have have a lot to drink . billy ignore he and head down the corridor . billy somebody help I ! anybody ! security guard head off after he , grab he by the arm , try to wrestle the dog away . int . billy bedroom - morning he 's asleep in bed , cover pull up to he chin . he look like he have a bad night . his eye pry open , one at a time . it only take a moment for he to realize something be wrong . he look down to the foot of the bed . angle as billy slowly pull the cover up , revealing he bare foot . they be cake in mud and wet grass . the cover keep pull . his ankle be also filthy -- and something more : there 's a trickle of dry blood . he keep pull . it 's some grotesque true life parody of the horse 's head in " the godfather . " billy be completely cover in blood . and he have not get any idea why . he 's fully dress . int . bathroom billy be in a panic . his shirt be off and he 's try to wash out the blood in the sink . he scrub it first with soap , then comet and a brush . suddenly , francine be at the bathroom door , load down with grocery . she stare in horror at what 's go on . billy go away ! he kick the door shut in she face . outside the bathroom door francine billy , what have you do ?! there 's blood everywhere -- my God , billy ! the door fly open . there 's billy -- craze . billy get the hell out of here and do not say a word to anybody . he go back to scrubbing . francine ( near hysteria ) what 's happen to you ? I wake up scared every day . billy , I do not know if you be gonna be sweet or act crazy or sit and stare at the wall -- and I do not know if it 's my fault or what I do wrong . tell I -- I can fix it . please ... she stumble to the closet , and pull out the shoebox while he come into the bedroom and put the wet shirt over a chair to dry . she emerge with the .38 in hand . francine I know you have gun , billy . you do not have to hide they . I want to know where you have be get all this money from ? New watch , new clothes -- you have not hold a job steady in six month ! billy ... billy ... she turn he around to face she . his eye be roll up under he lid -- he lip go frantically . he 's oblivious to she as she pull back in fear . int . spot it 's empty . around the edge , arthur , ragen , tommy , allen , phil and kevin be in a frenzied argument . in the distance , we hear francine continue to speak to billy , try to snap he back . arthur it 's time to break this off once and for all . allen no . tommy where do all the blood come from ? ragen ( to Arthur ) you be suppose to dominate spot . be you fault . arthur I be try -- I can not keep control . the other steal time and I can not stop they . phil so what ? would ya listen to he ? he think he shit crumpet . kevin ( to Arthur ) if we all listen to you we would be sit with we thumb up we ass . arthur there must be some code , some kind of order . ragen I agree . arthur we must re-group . and the first step be to eliminate she . allen you can not . I will not let you . arthur you have nothing to say about it . adalana come forward . she 's nineteen , with long , stringy black hair . her eye drift with nystagmus . she have a pathetic kind of gravity that shut the other up . adalana it 's not fair . you can not shut out the only love we have . no one else touch we . feeling matter more than stay in control . they matter more than anything . phil shut up . adalana without love we will die . behind she , we can see tommy have get into the spot and pick up the gun , which he now hold to he head and cock . the other do not notice . int . bedroom as francine watch in fear . billy hold the cocked .38 to he head . francine billy ... billy , come on ... he twirl it on he finger and put the barrel in he mouth . francine billy ... you be scare I ... in one swift move , he aim and shoot out a lamp , darken the room to a eerie glow . francine scream as the bullet leave a hole in the wall . int . spot as the other argue . ragen grab the gun from tommy and take the spot . ragen you know rule ! only I touch gun ! int . bedroom billy angrily slap the gun down on the desk . he turn and pace as he rant : billy ( slavic accent ) thing have go too far . I take control from now on . ( English accent ) no , that 's not the solution ... francine take this opportunity to grab the .38 and run out of the apartment . billy realize and chase after she . int . stairway francine a flight ahead of billy , run for she life . ext . STREET francine get in she car and be frantically hit all the button to lock the four door as billy reach she . he look inhuman -- a maniac . he 's carry a screwdriver and bang on the driver 's side window with it , chipping the glass . she turn the key and start to pull away from the curb , but billy jump on the hood and start frantically puncture the windshield with the screwdriver . shard of glass fly into the car , whizzing past she face , cut she forehead and cheek . billy ( slavic accent ) give I the gun ! give I the gun ! terrify , she stop the car , open the window just wide enough to fit the gun through . he grab it and she immediately roll the window back up . he jump off the hood and stalk he way back inside as francine burst into tear . int . airplane in flight a middle aged woman talk to billy , who sit next to she . woman fifty four year old , my first time on a plane ... can you believe it ? my daughter finally get I a ticket . she say let I do something for you . I say if you really wanna do something for I , stop see that musician who give you dog angina . the truth . he play that damn guitar so loud , he kill the dog . if I give you she number , would you call she ? I be gonna write it down . ( and she do ) be this you first time go to England ? billy ( English accent ) madam , it 's my home . ext . outside the gate of buckingham palace arthur be in he glory . billy wear a suit and bowler hat , and carry a umbrella . in front of big BEN billy check he vest pocket watch against the huge clock . billy crossing Abbey Road . he take he shoe off first , reproduce the album cover . billy come out of a fish & chip shop -- happily munch away . he pass a businessman in a suit . next to he , it 's painfully clear how remove from reality arthur be cliched vision of a proper englishman be . billy ( greet he ) cheerio , wot . the businessman give a odd look to this antiquated stranger as he pass . int . pub - night it 's noisy and crowded . billy have a cream tea and be sit at a table , expound to the several uninterested people cramme onto he banquette . billy ( as Arthur ) the decline of the empire can be directly link to disastrous labor policy since the war . misguided attempt to withdraw from colonization in Africa leave a void not only economically , but in the national psyche . we must bring the conservative back to power immediately . the only person even look at he be a punk with " exploited " tattooe across he forehead and spike , black hair . billy look down he nose at he . billy I have obviously return just in time . ext . westminster bridge - night billy , alone in the lamplight , crossing the Thames with the city light up behind he . he be recite wordsworth 's poem as he go . billy Earth have not anything to show more fair dull would he be of soul who could pass by a sight so touch in its majesty the city now doth , like a garment , wear the beauty of the morning ... it 's the middle of the night . billy well ... he stop and take he return airplane ticket from he pocket , look at it a moment , then tear it into a dozen piece . he let they scatter over the water like confetti . int . bedroom - morning billy wake up wear pajamas in a hampstead bed and breakfast . he do not know where he be . the bed be strange . the room be strange . panicked , he go to the window and look out : double decker bus , big black taxicabs , all drive on the wrong side of the street . he turn back to the room , sweat now . he see a suitcase and lurch for it . he pull out unfamiliar clothes , toiletry . he find he wallet . it 's fill with strange , color money . then he see a passport he do not remember obtain . the picture have he in a suit and a bowler . he notice a United Airlines ticket envelope on the night table and open it . it 's empty . he 's verge on hysteria now as he run out into the hallway and down a narrow flight of stair , where he pass the proprietor . proprietor bit of breakfast , then , gov'ner ? it 's include ... but billy just tear past he , out the front door and into the street . he pace the sidewalk , terrify and angry at the same time , ranting to no one . billy what 's go on ? what the hell be I do here ? what 's wrong with I ? he fall down to he knee , tear stream down now , and beat he fist into the curb . billy what 's wrong with I ? I want to die ... please , God , let I die ... int . governmental office - england a uniformed immigration official be stamp billy certificate of deportation . as a conversation go on around he , billy zone out -- lose in think . first official no passport , no money , no ticket home ... second official that 's not clever , be it ? first official bloody Americans -- think they own the world . PRESS in on billy we hear a female voice inside he head . it 's insinuate , manipulative . april ( v.o. ) it 's all you fault . everything . we whole life be ruin and it 's all because of he . he have to pay for what he 's do to we . he have to die . there be way . thing we can do to he ... int . corn crib the one at the farm . chalmer be tie , shirtless , to a chair . a light blowtorch enter frame and come straight at he . chalmer scream . angle april nineteen , long hair , big , crazy eye . she have the blowtorch . int . plane billy head home from England . a uniformed officer sit beside he , but he 's stare off . april ( v.o. ) we could burn he body -- bit by bit -- so he would never be able to hurt anyone again . the heat would cauterize he wound as we go , so there would be no blood . int . corn crib april be force feed chalmer pill . april ( v.o. ) we would keep he awake with amphetamine , so that he would suffer here on Earth -- before he go to hell . int . airplane billy be so intense by now , that the uniformed officer be look at he funny . int . spot from the near darkness , april whisper into ragen be ear -- like the snake convincing Eve to bite the apple . april do not forget what he do to the child . to christene ... he have to be stop . he have to die . ext . wood - day billy have a telescope , which he 's take apart . he pull two hair from he head and carefully wet they to the inside of the eyepiece , which he 's remove from the telescope . he look through it -- then glue the cross hair in place . he swig from a bottle of stoli . int . chalmer milligan' house chalmer milligan be get ready for work : put a large key ring on he belt , etc . of course , he 's thirteen year older then we have last see he . he walk into the front hall , but , as he pass the mirror , a light flash in the reflection , it blind he for a split second . he do not think much about it and go for the hall closet door . ext . house the flash of light . it come from the sun hit the homemade telescopic sight that billy have mount onto a carbine . he 's hide behind a tree across the road , with the weapon aim straight for chalmer be front door . int . house chalmer put on he jacket , then he hat . ext . house billy watch and wait . int . house chalmer , ready to go , reach for the doorknob . ext . house - billy Pov the doorknob turn . billy start to pull the trigger . the doorknob stop turn . int . house chalmer , he hand still on the doorknob , realize he 's forget something . he leave the frame . ext . house billy suspend , wait . a car pass from out of nowhere . the driver look over in billy direction . billy duck behind a tree before he 's see . his eye half close . his lip move . int . spot ragen in the light , hold the carbine . arthur emerge from the darkness . arthur what be you do ? int . house chalmer , in he bedroom , retrieve he wallet from a dresser and leave the room . int . spot ragen aim the rifle once more , while arthur plead with he . arthur you can not kill he . they will send we to jail -- include the child . how do you expect they to survive in prison ? ragen I will protect they . he must be stop so he can never hurt child again . ext . house billy , carbine poise , still lose inside himself and mutter . int . house chalmer re-enter the front hall . int . spot arthur killing be wrong . we only protect ourselves if we be threaten . april emerge . april what about what he do to we ? we will never be able to get on with we life as long as we know he 's somewhere out there . we will never feel safe . ext . house the doorknob be turn once again . billy aim -- the scope press so tight against he , it make a deep , red imprint . arthur ( v.o. ) ragen ... int . spot arthur have bring out christene . christene please do not hurt he . ragen look over . ext . house billy , sweat , he eye a couple of inched from the eyepiece now . flashback - very fast billy , age eight , tie to a door that 's be take off its hinge and laid across two see horse . chalmer be stand over he with a knife and a cat . he lift they out of frame above billy be naked chest . billy begin vomit , but because of he supine position , he choke . ext . house billy still sweat . the door open the angle be such that we can not see chalmer yet . suddenly , he emerge . tight on billy the trigger be slick with sweat . flashback - very fast the farm . from behind , we see chalmer be take a leak . once he walk away , we see that he 's actually be urinate into the pipe that stick up from the ground . the present - chalmer shutting and lock the door behind he . int . spot christene have come right up to ragen . she 's cry . christene ragen , I be scared . I do not want anymore nightmare . arthur if we kill he , then they be all right . we be crazy . and we will never get better . ragen look at christene . christene ( through tear ) please ... he look at april -- a woman possess with hatred . ext . house chalmer turn back from lock the door and come down the walk . chalmer in billy crosshair . billy rifle poise . chalmer suddenly look up and straight at the lens . billy finger squeeze the trigger . a shot ring out . chalmer still alive , look over . leave scatter from the treetop . billy lean against the far side if the tree -- the carbine point straight up -- as leave fall around he . he be hyper-ventilate . chalmer take off in he car -- drive right past billy , but never see he . the spot christene hugging ragen as arthur look on and april slink back into darkness . the painting of danny with chalmer loom over he . billy - in he apartment obliterate chalmer with he hand , as we have see earlier , and start to be - do the background in dark blue . this be the first time since the rape that we have see he wear a full moustache . billy at he mailbox . the blue paint still on he finger . billy mailbox as he pull out a envelope . Inside be a eviction notice for non - payment of rent . he crumple it angrily . billy ( slavic accent ) the money be go . the bill have not be pay . int . spot ragen rant . ragen the trip to London leave we break . now we be evict . something must be do . phil and kevin approach he . phil we can not hold a job . we can not count on billy to do anything . we be starve . there 's only one way for we to make any money . kevin hold out a pistol to ragen . kevin you do not have to hurt anyone -- just force some guy to cash a check . in the shadow , christene be stand , hold she rag doll . her big blue eye start to dim . christene I be hungry . ragen look at she , he heart full . he pick she up and cradle she in he arm . this be the inspiration for the painting of they we see earlier . int . apartment billy , stand there , cradling thin air , gently rock back and forth . his gun be in the waistband of he pants . ext . road billy be jogging , wear the same outfit he have on during the rape . ext . parking lot the same lot on the Ohio State campus where we see billy abduct the woman . billy swig from a bottle of vodka . he 's wear dark brown tinted sunglass . intercut between billy and various student , teacher , etc. , both male and female . he have no plan . he 's just look for someone to rob . he see a young woman park a gold Toyota . she get out of the car -- it be donna west . billy turn away to look elsewhere . billy ( ragen 's accent ) I do not rob woman . a beat . behind he glass , billy " blink . " we PRESS in on he as he suddenly turn back toward donna west . int . spot in the semi-darkness , ragen be pass out , cradling he empty bottle of vodka . we pan over so that we be stare straight into the spotlight . it blind we . a hand raise the gun into frame . ext . parking lot donna west be lean in through the passenger seat window , when the gun enter frame and press against she arm . we pull up to reveal not billy , but adalana hold it . adalana would you please get in the car ? terrify , donna get in the car . adalana walk around to the driver 's side and get in . int . car instead of adalana sit down behind the wheel , kevin do . he cuff donna to the door and pull she car key from she bag . ext . car as it pull away from the curb . int . spot adalana be upset and confuse in the dark periphery of the spot . in the actual light sit kevin at the wheel of the car . donna ( o.c. ) where be we go ? adalana clenches she eye shut . int . car angle on donna west . donna I know this be gonna sound ridiculous , but I have a optometry test today . angle as adalana be suddenly sit there . she look at donna . adalana you can study for it if you want . this will not take long . go on . int . spot allen , visible in the dark , obviously upset , cigarette in hand . allen what 's go on ? do Arthur know about this ? int . car donna pick up a text book with she tremble free hand and feign study . adalana behind the wheel . ext . road as the car drive through a desert stretch of countryside . int . car donna be " study " , steal glance at she abductor . suddenly : angle kevin grab she bag and pull out she address book . as he rip out page : kevin I be take this address and phone number . if you say anything to the police , I will send someone from my brotherhood after you . ext . columbus STREET billy " come to " as ragen but we see billy be body . he 's still dress the same way . he be confuse , as usual , stand in front of a grocery store . int . grocery store - day billy , still dress the same way , be pay for a large bag of grocery with a thick wad of bill . behind he , two women talk . first woman kidnap she right out of the parking lot . second woman my God . Black fella or white ? first woman Black , I think . cashier my daughter go to that school . billy ( ragen 's accent ) thank you . billy leave , oblivious . int . billy kitchen he still have he moustache as he load the refrigerator full of grocery and shut the door , then leave frame . a beat . he return and open the refrigerator . it 's empty . he grab he wallet -- it 's empty . he touch he face -- he be completely clean shaven . int . spot allen argue with phil and kevin . in the b.g. , adalana control the spot -- sit behind the wheel of a different car . phil shut up , faggot . kevin yeah . go paint a picture . allen this be a bad mix - up time . Arthur should be control the spot . or ragen if you be go to rob somebody . where be ragen ? int . spot adalana behind the wheel . philip watch . int . car billy be drive through the wood . handcuffed to the passenger door be carrie dryer . billy be mutter to himself , wear sunglass . ext . car as it bump over train track . int . car the jostling have make philip appear in the car . he turn on carrie . phil take off you pants . carrie what ? phil take you fuck pants off ! she do the best she can with one hand . phil you will not run away without any pants on . int . spot adalana plead with philip from outside the spotlight . adalana do not hurt she . kevin ( come up behind she ) shut up . adalana I have to hold the spot . please . kevin fuck you . adalana clenches she eye shut . ext . wood the car be park . billy and carrie stand beside it -- she be in a blouse and underwear . billy ( gently ) be you cold ? she shake she hear " no " . billy lay carrie be buckskin jacket down on the muddy ground . billy ( awkwardly , not look at she ) take off you underwear and lay down . carrie dissolves in tear . int . spot phil and kevin look at adalana , who be light by the spotlight . phil that fuck bitch . int . billy bedroom reality . a jarring switch . billy be in a frenzy . he 's rip he wallet to shred -- it 's empty again . he throw it across the room , break a vase . then he see the cellophane bag full of pill and grab it . billy ( slavic accent ) dammit ! someone be spend all money on drug ! Arthur ! int . spot ragen , alone , ranting . ragen Arthur ! int . bathroom as billy empty the pill into the toilet and flush . he look up into the mirror -- and see ragen be reflection . ext . wood polly newton and billy be sit on the ground . he 's wear he sunglass . she 's naked from the waist down . he have a pencil and paper in he hand and be read to she . billy hope be the thing with feather that perches in the soul and sing the tune without the word and never stop at all and sweetest in the gale be hear and sore must be the storm that could abash the little bird that keep so many warm I have hear it in the chilliest land and on the strangest sea yet never in extremity it ask a crumb of I I can not let you have it . the police could trace my handwrite . he crumple it up and stuff the piece in he pocket . angle polly be lie on she back -- cold and frighten . as she speak , adalana enter frame and lie next to she . adalana do you know what it 's like to be lonely ? not to be hold by anyone ? not to know the meaning of love ? she take off she sunglass . her eye drift to the side and dart back to center . she roll on top of polly and kiss she . int . spot - quick , silent cut ragen pass out . angle arthur , also asleep . angle christene , sleep , suck she thumb . ext . wood adalana on top of carrie dryer . int . spot allen watch , cry . angle philip and kevin watch , annoyed . ext . wood adalana on top of donna west . int . spot adalana in the light -- just she face . tear roll down she cheek . adalana I be sorry we have to meet under this circumstance . I really love you . she put on she sunglass . we pan slowly around into the shadow , until we finally come to billy -- lie on a bed of darkness -- fast asleep -- as he have be the past seven year . int . spot philip and kevin . phil alright , that 's enough . let 's get the check cashed . int . car polly in the passenger seat as they drive -- but suddenly , tommy find himself behind the wheel . he look over -- total confusion . tommy what the fuck ? int . wendy be tommy and polly have burger and shake . she 's completely freak out . he assume he 's on a date . tommy so , I apologize for forgettin ' you name -- I have not be out on a date in a while ... you have enough food ? you want something ' else ? tommy " blink . " angle now philip be there . he look around -- annoyed at where they be . phil ( get up , grab she hand ) come on . int . car philip and polly leave the drive - through window at the bank with a fresh wad of cash . int . billy apartment danny , age eight , be building with a set of leggos . he 's very determine -- as focus and concentrate as billy be while painting . the doorbell ring . he answer it . the cop be there , dress in a domino 's pizza uniform , hold a pizza . young officer you billy Milligan ? danny who ? int . live room as instant replay of the earlier scene : cop swarm the place -- the young officer use danny for a shield . one cop step on danny's leggo fort -- crush it . young officer where be they ? danny who ? there 's no one here . int . cell christene sit in the middle of the floor draw a picture . two guard be there . second guard they send you down some Kool - Aid . you want it ? christene look up . second guard be that a no ? christene get up , reach for the cup , the guard grab she wrist . second guard hey , you think we oughta tattoo this Jew Boy ? first guard yeah . put some number right there . christene pull she arm free as the guard laugh . second guard here ya go , rembrandt . he throw the drink -- ruin the picture . angle as ragen rise into the frame -- fire in he eye . he walk over to the toilet bowl , squat and grab hold of it . the bar as the toilet crash against they , explode to smithereen . the shard cut the guard be face to ribbon . six guard beat ragen and put he into a straitjacket . int . isolation cell tommy in a straitjacket . he pop he shoulder out of its socket , dislocate it , and slip free . int . isolation cell - later christene , asleep use the straitjacket for a pillow and suck she thumb , as we hear the approach guard : guard ( o.c. ) o.k. rapist , chow time . we all take turn spitting on you food before I bring it down , but you can ignore that , can not ya ? just pretend it 's soup ... Light spill in from the corridor . guard Jesus H. Christ ... int . spot shawn sit in the near dark , make a heart inscribe " happy Valentine 's Day . " pull back to reveal ragen and arthur talk nearby . ragen February 14th . be twenty first birthday . I think it be time to wake he . arthur absolutely not . he can not handle it . ragen in jail I control spot . be time . int . cell billy be there now . we have not see he for a long time . he be confuse and disorient . int . spot as ragen , arthur , tommy and allen watch billy , who be in the light . billy I think I be dead . I though ... flashback billy head for the edge of lancaster High School roof at fourteen . same thing from billy Pov the ground look very far away . int . cell billy look at he body . it can not be he . he see the bar . the cot . he start breathe faster . he see a shiny piece of steel bolt into one wall , which serve as a mirror . his knee be weak as he get up and walk towards it . int . mirror he get near enough to look at he reflection . almost immediately , he be reduce to utter panic . everything go crazy . quick cut . no reality . billy hand as it spring to he mouth to stifle a scream -- but the hand be a adult 's not the teenager 's that he expect . tight on allen' face against blackness . tight on tommy' face against blackness . billy look in the mirror , touch he stubble . his thinning hair . he cry out . angle on the cell . billy be talk in arthur be English accent . billy my God -- sweet Jesus Christ . fast CUT billy , in the cell , whirl around and hit the sink with he clench fist . it shatter into a million piece . Water spray everywhere . his hand be a bloody stump . int . spot ragen , in the light , sweat bucket . his clench fist drip red . billy in the cell . billy ( a anguish cry ) what 's happen ?!! int . spot christene in the spotlight , happily hold she hand in the torrent of water -- splash and play . int . cell billy have he hand in the middle of the spray , as christene do . int . cell - quick CUT billy grab one of the porcelain shard from the floor . billy wrist as he slashes it lengthwise . tight on arthur' face against blackness . tight on adalana's face against blackness . int . cell as billy pass out , landing on top of he arm . he 's in a pool of blood and foam and porcelain . tight on christene's face against blackness . she lose consciousness . allen against blackness . confused , he lose consciousness as well . int . spot it 's empty . Bright light illuminate nothing . the screen suddenly black out danny everything be white and silent -- it 's jarring after the tumultuousness of the last section . he 's in a hospital bed , completely confuse . angle gary and judy be there with he . gary how ya feel , billy ? you be out for quite some time . int . examining room - day eight year old danny be have a eeg perform . the technician be confuse by the printout . int . examining room - day the technician and doctor be there now , look at a normal printout . doctor see ? completely normal . that electrode be for shit . technician but I do not change the electrode . I have to order it . we pan around to see that arthur be now hook up to the eeg . int . room - day harding Hospital , as dr . harding watch through the peephole . april sit on the floor , draw a tombstone that read do not r.i.p . tight on judge judge lack any evidence to the contrary , this court have no alternative than to find the defendant not guilty by reason of insanity . he rap he gravel three time . ext . athens mental health CENTER - day establish shot . ext . garden - day it 's on the grounds at athen . several month have pass . billy sit alone in the grass . we be some distance away . he have a half finish canvas and a paintbrush that hang limply in he right hand . angle closer as rosalie drake , a nurse , approach and sit next to he . rosalie you be awfully quiet today , Allen . I almost think it be Danny sit out here , till I see the brush in you right hand . Allen ? billy turn he head toward rosalie . her eye well up . rosalie oh my God . billy I be billy . int . dr . caul' office dr . caul be there , alone , with billy . billy seem stable , self - possess . caul good afternoon , billy . how be you feel today ? billy Fine , thanks , Dr. caul . how be you ? caul I be just fine . now , you have be respond so well to the amitol , that I have talk with Arthur and ragen and the other , and we all feel that you be ready for this . billy yes . caul alright then . angle to reveal a vcr and monitor . dr . caul press play and we : intercut between billy reaction and the screen . his emotion run the gamut as he watch . the monitor billy sit in the very same room with dr . caul . they wear the same outfit . billy knee be jiggling . int . office billy notice he own knee be jiggling and stop they . the monitor billy , eye half close , lip move silently . and suddenly , he 's back , with all the facial and physical characteristic we have come to recognize as ragen . billy you have make quite a few enemy , Dr. caul . I be not one of you enemy , at the moment . it be Arthur . dr . caul why ? billy the thing that Arthur be keep secret be expose , the other day . there be penetration by the undesirable . dr . caul explain the undesirable . we need to understand that . billy the undesirable be people who be silence by Arthur because they function be no longer necessary -- um -- for a multitude of reason they be silence . dr . caul then why be they still around ? billy what do you want we to do ? murder they ? as he continue , we PRESS in on billy , watch himself -- face to face with this lock door throw open for the first time . the monitor - time CUT - intercut with billy watching now it 's the tommy personality . billy it get frustratin ' ' cause people keep callin ' ya billy and you do not pay attention and then , finally , you be like : oh yeah , I be billy . but I be not billy . I be Tommy . the monitor - time CUT - intercut with billy watching it 's now the arthur personality . dr . caul ( o.c. ) ( on tape ) how do you learn Arabic ? how do ragen learn serbo-croation ? or Tommy electronics and escape artistry ...? billy ( English accent ) different way . book . the library . by do . everyone have a special job , special ability -- and it be each person 's responsibility to develop they . the monitor - time CUT - intercut with billy watching allen smoking . dr . caul ( o.c. ) ( in room ) that 's Allen . he 's the only one who smoke . he 's also the only one who 's right hand . at the time of the trial , we think there be only ten of you , because Arthur have already banish the undesirable by that point . billy yeah . Philip , Kevin , April , adalana -- he kick a whole bunch out when everything happen . dr . caul so then , how many of you be there all together ? billy twenty three . dr . caul twenty three . plus billy ? billy plus billy . the monitor - time CUT - intercut with billy watching dr . caul ( o.c. ) ( on tape ) what about adalana ? she 's a female . billy ( as Arthur ) you must understand that billy associate any type of male sexuality with abuse and torture . just as Tommy can get out of rope and ragen can protect himself physically . adalana be create to make and seek love . int . the room billy watch the monitor -- tear form . the monitor it 's the adalana personality -- meek , teary , nystagmatic . tv anchorwoman on the 6:00 news . anchorwoman in the ten month he 's be at the athen mental Health Center , campus rapist billy Milligan have be describe by doctor as a model patient who have make enormous progress and even start the Foundation against child abuse with money earn from the sale of he painting . but there be a new controversy swirl around he today . ext . step of franklin county courthouse - day it 's a mob scene -- horde of protester , mostly woman , be scream and chant anti-rape slogan . a speaker quiet they . a legend identify the speaker as State Representative Dick molinaro . molinaro it have come to we attention that billy Milligan 's doctor have be let he take unsupervise trip from the hospital into town as part of he therapy . this be completely unacceptable ! I have today call judge kinworthy to sign a court order send Milligan away to the maximum security facility at lima , where he will never again be allow to roam freely in the community ! int . gary schweickart's kitchen he be watch the news while eat dinner with he family . this have take he completely by surprise . gary what ?! int . dr . caul be office - day dr . caul and gary . gary be it true ? have you be let he out of the hospital ? dr . caul yes . gary alone ? dr . caul he have a treatable illness , Mr. schweickart . and ultimately , the point of any treatment be to make the patient well enough to be discharge . gary but be he ready ? dr . caul yes . he 's meet all of he personality and be finally become one billy . he 's no longer a danger to himself or anybody else . and you can take that to the bank . gary where be he now ? dr . caul upstair . but it 's crucial he not be send to lima . it 's a snake pit . he will revert completely . all the work we have do here will be lose . gary it 's a election year . this molinaro guy have them all whipped up into a frenzy . the National Organization of woman , the National lesbian Coalition ... dr . caul a little boy be repeatedly sodomize and torture for a period of year . in order to survive , he fragment he personality -- because he be try desperately to gain some kind of control over what for he be a unfathomable situation . that 's a basic human response , Mr. schweickart . no matter how unusual the route he choose , since the dawn of time , when man can not control he reality , he make up someone who can . it 's why we create god. ragen , Arthur , adalana -- they be billy 's God 's -- and , like God , they demand terrible sacrifice . he could not stop worshipe they when they demand he break the law . int . day room at athen . a nurse sit read the Columbus dispatch . billy be front page news . a aide pop he head in , start she . aide I be grab some lunch . you have to babysit . he lead billy in . aide see you in a hour . nurse ( terrify to be alone with he ) but ... the aide be go . billy look break , a little boy . the nurse , however , be tremble so much that a lock of hair on she forehead be vibrate . suddenly , gary enter . the nurse gasp . gary sorry . nurse you startle I . gary I be billy 's defense attorney . Dr. caul say it would be alright if I talk to he alone ... before the word be out of he mouth , she have bolt . gary ... for awhile . hey , billy . billy look up . gary Long time no see . billy I be sorry . I do not know who you be . and in that moment it all truly crystallize for gary for the first time -- just what it 's like to be billy milligan . gary smile warmly and extend he hand . gary Gary schweickart . I be you lawyer . I be here to help . billy shake it . ext . graveyard - day it 's on the hospital grounds , but as we track with gary and billy , we see there be no name on the tombstone -- only number . billy I apologize . I do not remember a lot of people I have meet . gary that 's o.k. I be meeting you now . this be kind of a morbid place to take a walk , be not it ? billy this be where I come sometimes to try and sort thing out . when you do not have any family or a friend in the world and nobody give a damn and you die here , all you record be destroy . but they keep a list of who 's bury where so that in case some long , lose relative show up they can say " oh yeah , he 's number forty one . " that 's what happen to you if you be sick . if you be the black sheep . gary how 's therapy go ? billy good . last week in group therapy they have another multiple there . that be a crowded room . gary laugh . billy they be gonna send I to lima , be not they ? gary not necessarily . billy I will die there . gary there 's go to be a hearing and you be go to get to finally tell you side of the story . billy no one believe that I be sick . gary they will . unless they believe that a little boy who be place in a mental hospital when he be fourteen for act like different people be really plan he defense eight year in advance . billy why be you help I ? gary ' Cause you deserve it . int . suburban den - day chalmer milligan , flanke by a lawyer , sit on he couch in front of a sea of microphone . chalmer ( refer to note ) I , chalmer Milligan , have be accuse by my adopt son , William , of threaten , abuse and sodomize he , particularly over the period when he be eight or nine year old . this accusation be completely false . William be a habitual liar , and I feel that he be continue a pattern of lie which he establish many year ago . this accusation have cause I extreme embarrassment , mental anguish and suffer , and I make this statement in order to set the record straight and clear my good name . ext . athens mental health CENTER - day outside the fence , a crowd of protester be there , consume with bloodlust . they chant and throw rock at the building , call billy a liar and a rapist . int . day room billy sit with judy stephenson listen to the furor outside . judy do not listen to they . they just believe what they read in the papers . a nurse enter . nurse billy ? you have a visitor . dorothy , billy be mother , enter . judy I will wait outside . judy leave with the nurse . dorothy sit across from billy . dorothy hello , billy . you look fine . people sure be talkin ' about you . you be a regular celebrity . billy , I ... billy it 's all right , mama . you go through it , too . when I close my eye and picture you -- it 's with a bloody mouth and black eye and half the hair pull out of you head . she be cry . billy but I can not help you with you guilt . do not ask I to . he take she hand . int . corridor outside of day room dorothy pass judy on she way out . judy be you alright ? I be Judy stephenson . I work in the Public defender 's office . dorothy how do you do . I be sorry ... judy do not be silly . but Mrs. Moore , I wonder if I could talk to you a moment ? dorothy yes ? judy the statement you ex-husband have make -- we have to know -- be they true ? do billy make it all up ? dorothy I have make my statement . I would not have any way of know the extent ... judy please . off the record . a beat . dorothy cry , then pull she hair back , revealing nasty disfigure scar . dorothy this be chalmer Milligan . and this . and this . he destroy that little boy . and I do not stop he . she move away down the hall , leave judy alone . int . gary schweickart's bedroom - morning he 's tightening the knot on he tie in the mirror as he wife look on . wife wearing a suit , huh ? you must be worried . gary piece of cake . but he hand be not steady enough to do the knot . int . upstair hallway in gary be house . as he come out from the bedroom he pass he small , red-haire daughter . daughter ( confuse ) daddy , you match . int . franklin county courthouse we can hear the ever present protester outside as gary and judy walk briskly down a corridor to the courtroom . judy see the paper this morning ? people believe chalmer 's story . gary they also once think you could get the clap from toilet seat . judy you can not ? they turn a corner and walk smack into dick molinaro and assistant attorney general bank , who 's lead the prosecution . molinaro ( nod ) Gary . Judy . gary ( pointedly ) Dick . molinaro you know Mr. bank . gary you send he to lima and you be gonna kill he . bank lima 's a mental health facility , not death row . gary it 's a butcher shop . Dr. caul talk about medical condition and sacrifice god ... you know what I see ? I see a little kid who have no way out , so he create a bunch of comic book heroes . the justice League of America . the escape artist , the yugoslavian hitman ... molinaro the rapist . gary no one want to make he a saint -- we just do not want to execute a guy who be not even there at the scene of the crime . molinaro I know you , schweickart . you do not think you be on the right side unless you feel like the underdog . well , this time you compassion be misplace . try think about the victim . try think about they family . I be gonna stop you , Gary . and I be not gonna lose a night 's sleep afterwards . int . courtroom the judge , bank , molinaro , schweickart , judy stephenson , billy , he mother , a bailiff and a stenographer . billy be on the stand . gary have you ever be to lima ? billy yes . for a week . gary and when you be there , do you receive hypnotherapy ? billy no. gary Group therapy ? billy no. gary Art therapy ? billy no. gary do you have any confidence in you doctor there , Dr. milkie ? billy no . he do not believe I be sick . he give I stelazine . it mess I up . gary billy , before you be arrest and Dr. caul start treat you , do you ever suspect that there be anything wrong with you ? billy sure . I know I lose time and hear voice in my head , but I think that happen to everybody . gary do not you think it strange that no one talk about it ? billy I be so scared and embarrassed , I figure everyone else be , too . then , every once in a while , I would hear someone say " I do not know where the day go " or " do I have fun last night ? " . I think that be as close as anybody come to discuss it . gary and how do you feel now , after ten month at athen ? billy well , I feel whole , like I be one person for the first time in my life . I use to feel like a freak . but then I get to thinkin ' -- in my life , I have learn to get out of handcuffs and straitjacket , be a righty or a lefty , control if I be drunk or sober , talk Arabic , Hebrew , yugoslavian , japanese , learn martial art , play piano and drum , make my eye shake , be a artist ... and , I be no rocket scientist ... my i.q. be pretty average -- so I get to thinkin ' if I could do all that , then could not everybody ? they just do not know how to tap into it . but if they have a brain , just like I have a brain -- and it 's make up of the same muscle and stuff that mine be , then maybe , just maybe , if they go through what I go through as a kid , they might have split up into a bunch of different people like I do . and then I do not feel like such a freak . I feel like someone who get force to open a door everybody else get to keep lock . I feel like that but for the grace of God go there . ( he turn to the judge ) I do not want to hurt anybody ever again , you honor . I can not get out of bed in the morning know what I have do . but I want to keep get better . and I know that will not happen if you send I to lima . bank on he foot -- deliver he summation . bank ( read from a book ) multiple personality disorder be a form of narcissism . a willful disease . cowardly . it be the five year old child with powder sugar on he lip say " I do not eat the last doughnut . " he put the book down . bank you have already hear the testimony from he psychiatric resident at lima State Hospital , Dr. Frederick milkie , who , after examine the defendant , conclude not only that he do not suffer from m.p.d. , but that in all probability , the disorder itself do not exist . the defense have certainly offer no physiological evidence to the contrary . only differ professional opinion . but , you honor , the validity of Mr. Milligan 's psychiatric claim be not at issue here . what be at issue be the safety of this community from a convict sex offender . gary that 's a lie . he be acquitted . bank you be absolutely right , counsel , and I apologize . he be acquitted -- by reason of insanity . insanity , you honor . insanity which make billy Milligan strap on a Smith & wesson , jog to the Ohio State University campus , on not one , not two , but three separate occasion , abduct a young woman , drive she to a secluded area in the wood and rape she . and now , Dr. caul and he staff want to allow this man , who be , by he own admission and by the court 's edict , insane , to roam freely and unsupervise through the street of this city . well , you honor , if this man be well and not serve very hard time , then there have be a gross miscarriage of justice . but if he be truly insane , and not responsible for he action at the time of the crime , then send he to lima , where this community can rest assure he will not be allow to walk the street and do yet more irreparable damage . when you break a teacup , you glue it back together . but do you ever feel safe use it again ? no . you put it away in the cupboard and close the door . you honor , there 's a lot more at stake here than just be scald by some hot water . he sit . judy ( to Gary ) Jesus Christ . judge Mr. schweickart , be you ready with you summation ? gary get up . gary you honor , the prosecution be right . there be more at stake here than just be scald by some hot water . there 's also a hell of a lot more at stake than a crack teacup . there 's a human life . one that 's be rob of every chance at normalcy from the age of eight by vicious and relentless child abuse . faust make a pact with the devil . well , billy Milligan make a pact , too . but he do it to survive . something inside he eight year old mind say " I can not fight this man who adopt I , then rape I . who tell I to call he daddy , then bury I alive with just a metal pipe over my face for air . and then urinate down the pipe . I can not protect myself -- and neither can my mother . and I be too afraid to tell the police . or a teacher . because if I do , he will kill I . so I will go to sleep . and I will let someone else take over my mind and my body to protect I . and they can escape out of the rope when he tie I up . and they can defend I . and outsmart he . and take the pain so I do not kill myself just to make it stop . " the only problem be , the personality do not conveniently go away when he grow up and no longer need they . they stay . and in order to fight fire with fire , some of that personality have learn to be as angry and destructive as they tormentor . and finally one of that personality be a part of he who need and demand love . and she name be adalana . and three time , last October , in the wood outside Columbus , she take it . by force . the devil have finally come with the bill . you have hear Dr. caul and Dr. harding both testify that multiple personality disorder not only do exist , but that it 's symptom can not be fake . amnesiatic fugue state can not be fake . nystagmus can not be fake . and you have also hear they say that he 's no longer a threat to himself or anybody else , but that if he 's send to lima , where he will be give drug instead of therapy , billy will almost certainly re-fragment , and destroy all the remarkable progress he 's make since come to athen . and although the prosecution have make a lot of the fact that billy 's doctor see it as essential to he recovery that he be allow furlough off of hospital grounds and into the city , there be a fundamental issue not be address here -- and that be the fact that billy Milligan be not a criminal . the court decide that when he be find not guilty . and they be right to do so , we all like to think of ourselves as compassionate and caring human being and yet as soon as that compassion threaten to demand something real from we -- a demonstration -- proof of its existence -- we draw the line . please , you honor , let 's use this opportunity to take one small step in narrowing the gap between we potential for compassion and the reality of its limit . if I have a incurable disease , and I do not know it , and I give it to you , and you die -- can I to be try as a murderer ? no . I do not know I be sick . so you decide to quarantine I instead , which be only sensible , since we do not want I to hurt anyone else . but , if I be then cure to the point where I be no longer contagious ... do you never let I out again ? billy Milligan have be fight for he life since he be eight year old , you honor . now that he 's finally get a piece of it back -- please do not take it away from he . gary sit . int . waiting room - day billy , gary and judy sit wait . they say nothing . billy eye move from one to the other , but they do not return the look . then , a bailiff enter . bailiff the judge be ready . int . courtroom as the judge render he decision . judge the court find that the respondent , due to he mental illness , be dangerous to himself and to other and require hospitalization in a maximum security facility . it be order , therefore , that the respondent , William stanley Milligan , be commit to the lima State Hospital in lima , Ohio . he rap he gravel . billy sink into he chair , into himself . gary knock he stack of papers to the floor . outside the courtroom , there be a eruption of cheer as molinaro give the thumb up at the window . gary finally approach billy . they hug . gary ( in billy 's ear ) I be gonna get you out . I swear to God . ext . courthouse billy be lead away in handcuffs through the crowd . flashbulb pop . ext . courthouse step gary and judy watch as bank and molinaro be interview . interviewer do you have any comment , Mr. molinaro ? molinaro yeah , I have a comment . what take they so long ? int . police car two cop shove billy roughly into the back seat . cop we get you now , motherfucker . the car pull away . ext . road - day the police car drive through a light drizzle . we hear billy v.o . billy ( v.o. ) dear Gary , billy be asleep . something very bad be happen but I do not know what . the doctor say bad thing about we and what hurt most be they be right . ext . lima - day the car pull up and deliver billy . it be every bit as horrific as one might expect . billy ( v.o. ) we , I , be a freak , a misfit , a biological error . we all hate this place , but it 's where we belong . cop ( as he get billy out of the car ) welcome to Hell . int . lima men in the deep throes of mental illness wander the corridor , some naked , as billy be take to he room . billy ( v.o. ) ragen be stop everything for good . he have to . he say if you do not speak , you do no damage to anyone on the outside or the inside . no one can blame we for anything . a line of zombie out men , include billy , get they thorazine . billy ( v.o. ) the span of attention will be turn inward and it will enforce the total block . by shutting out the real world , we can live peacefully in ours . we know that a world without pain be a world without feel ... but a world without feel be a world without pain . the man in front of billy have now reach the head of the line . he become upset . he refuse the medication , scream " no ! " and run off . billy step up and take he medicine . int . corridor billy walk aimlessly . billy ( v.o. ) when I be not asleep and not on the spot , it 's like I be lie face down on a street of glass that stretch out forever and I can look down through it . Beyond that , in the farthest ground , it seem like star of outer space , but then there 's a circle . a beam of light . billy receive electro-shock therapy . billy ( v.o. ) it 's almost as if it 's come out of my eye because it 's always in front of I . around it , some of my people be lie in coffin . int . corridor a continuation of the earlier shot : billy walk aimlessly . billy ( v.o. ) the lid be not on they because they be not dead yet . int . room at lima a doctor , in a suit and white lab coat , be hit billy with a Bible as he 's hold down by attendant . doctor I rebuke you demon , in the name of the savior , Jesus Christ ! leave this wretch soul ! billy ( v.o. ) they be asleep , wait for something . there be some empty coffin because not everyone have come there yet . int . corridor billy continue walk . he reach a men' room and look in . the toilet be stainless steel . he shift he gaze . the man who refuse he thorazine be run the sink water at a boil hot temperature . he look at billy through the steam . billy ( v.o. ) Danny and the other young one want a chance at life . the older one have give up hope . the man put he finger under the water -- never take he eye off billy . the flesh quickly bubbles and boil off . billy ( v.o. ) Danny name this place because he make it . the man bring what 's leave of he digit to he mouth and bite it off . billy ( v.o. ) he call it " the dying place " . int . billy room a guard throw in some paint , a brush and a piece of paper , then leave . billy pick up the paintbrush , but set the paper aside . he turn to the white wall and start a mural . it begin to segue into the rotoscope animation -- then flow once more into reality as it chart the accelerate progress of the painting . back and forth , until it 's become a lush , green landscape . idyllic , lyrical . we PRESS in on billy , in both reality and animation , as he paint , until we can no longer see the room around he -- just billy , envelop in this peaceful , green eden -- painting himself out of Hell and into a world of escape . legend on screen : Gary schweickart appeal billy Milligan 's case to the Supreme Court . on December 4 , 1980 , he be return to athen State Hospital , where he be successfully fuse . lima State Hospital be close soon afterwards , amid indictment for patient abuse . a second legend replace the first : today , after thirteen year in the Ohio mental Health system . billy Milligan be a free man and support himself as a artist . fade out .