the fault in our star written by Scott neustadter &amp ; Michael H. weber base on the novel by John Green May 1 , 2012 first draft hazel grace lancaster ( 16 ) lie in the grass , stare up at the star . we be close on she face and we hear : hazel ( v.o . ) you have a choice in this world , I believe , about how to tell sad storey . CUT to a series of quick image : - hazel and the boy we will come to know as augustus " gus " water ( 17 ) at a outdoor restaurant in some magical place . [ they look very much like the perfect Hollywood couple . ] hazel ( v.o . ) on the one hand , you can sugar coat - the way they do in movie and romance novel . - " perfect " hazel and " perfect " Gus sit on a bench overlook a incredible seascape in some foreign country . she rest she head on he shoulder . hazel ( v.o . ) where villain be vanquish and ... heroes be bear and ... - " perfect " hazel and " perfect " Gus kiss in a dark room . hazel ( v.o . ) ... beautiful people learn beautiful lesson ... - " perfect " hazel and " perfect " Gus fall onto a bed together . they look deep into one another 's eye . hazel ( v.o . ) ... and nothing be too mess up that can not be fix with a apology and a Peter Gabriel song . back to hazel on the grass , still watch the star . be that dream or be they memory ? still unclear . hazel ( v.o. ) I like that way as much as the next girl , believe I . it 's just not the truth . hazel close she eye . hazel ( v.o. ) this be the truth . and everything goe black . we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) sorry . fade in on : 2 . int doctor' office - day the real hazel be no less beautiful than the one we just see . hazel ( v.o. ) late in the Winter of my 17th year ... there be , however , some key and obvious difference . first , you will notice the oxygen tube in she nostril which help she to breathe . second , you will notice she hair - which we could not see in the grass . it 's much short than the " perfect " version , the result of someone whose head be completely shave a few year before . hazel ( v.o. ) ... my mother decide I be depressed . hazel I be not depressed . hazel 's leg dangle over the side of a exam table . her mother frannie ( early 40s , young than she feel ) explain to the doctor : frannie ... she eat like a bird . she barely leave the house , hazel I be not depressed . frannie ... she read the same book over and over ... doctor she 's depressed . hazel I be not depressed ! off she look , CUT to : quick sequence , which play over : hazel ( v.o. ) the booklet and web site always list depression as a side effect of cancer ... - a shopping mall . fill with teenage girl - gossip , laugh - be teenage girl , basically . and here 's hazel . with she Mom . and she oxygen tank . just another day . 3. hazel ( v.o. ) Depression 's not a side effect of cancer ... - hazel' live room . she sit watch game show in the middle of the afternoon . her Mom bring she a sandwich . a glass of water . and then a whole host of prescription med . hazel eye they with indifference . hazel ( v.o. ) ... it 's a side effect of die . - a starbucks . hazel sit alone read a dog-eare , heavily underline copy of a novel ( " a Imperial affliction " by Peter Van houten ) . she only look up when distract by a squeal of delight . a young guy have lift a young girl over he shoulder playfully . he spin she around . hazel watch a beat - go back to the book . hazel ( v.o. ) which be what be happen to I . and we CUT back to : int doctor' office - same frannie continue to talk to the doctor . hazel continue to dangle she foot . frannie ... some day she will not even get out of bed . the Doctor scratch he beard , think . doctor I may switch you to Zoloft . or lexapro . and twice a day instead of once . hazel why stop there ? doctor hmm ? hazel keep `em come . I can take it . I be like the keith Richards of cancer kid . the Doctor look at frannie who just shake she head . doctor have you be go to that support Group I suggest ? instead of answer , hazel look at she Mom . 4. frannie she 's go a few time . hazel I be not sure it 's for I . doctor if you be depressed -- hazel ( exasperated ) I be not de -- doctor ( ignoring her ) -- support group be a great way to connect with people who be ... hazel what ? doctor ( beat ) on the same journey . hazel " journey ? " really ? frannie hazel . doctor just give it a chance , ok ? for I . hazel roll she eye , know she 's lose this battle . doctor who know ? you might even find it ... enlighten . smash CUT to : int church basement - day close up on patrick ( 30 , pony - tail ) . he have a guitar . patrick ... we be gather here today - literally - in the heart of Jesus . angle on hazel who just shake she head . this be the lamest thing she could be do right now . patrick who would like to share they story with the group ? the basement be fill with sick people . hazel among they . most be under the age of 18 . quick cut : 5 . speaker # 1 jillian . 15 . lymphoma . speaker # 2 angel. 17 . ewing sarcoma . patrick Patrick . 34 . testicular . it start a few year ago , when I be ... as hazel watch , bored , and Patrick continue , we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) I will spare you the gory detail of Patrick 's ball cancer . basically , they find it in he nut , cut most of it out , he almost die , but he do not die , and now here he be - divorced , friendless , addict to video game , exploit he cancertastic past in the heart of Jesus - " literally " - to show we that one day - if we be lucky - we could be just like he . they all say : all in unison " we be here for you Patrick . " hazel say it the least enthusiastically . she lock eye with she only friend in support Group , a blonde kid with a eye patch , isaac . he 's also shaking he head . patrick who else would like to share ? ( no response ) hazel ? oh no . Patrick gesture for she to speak . reluctantly she stand , sigh ... hazel I be , uh , hazel . 16 . ( beat ) thyroid originally but with quite the impressive satellite colony in my lung . not much more to say , hazel be about to sit down . patrick and how be you do hazel ? hazel have no idea how to answer that . hazel ( v.o. ) you mean besides the terminal cancer ? 6 . but that 's not what she say . she say : hazel alright ? I guess ...? Isaac try not to laugh at this . hazel sit back down . all in unison " we be here for you hazel . " hazel exhales . this be not at all helpful . a few more beat . patrick maybe now I will play a song ... ext church - later frannie sit in the car in the parking lot , read from a book , wait for Group to be over . she see the church door open and put the book away . hazel come out . frannie look at she like " well , be it great ? " hazel just exhales and get in the car . CUT to : int hazel' live room - another day " America 's next top model " be on the tv . hazel sit on one side of the l-shape couch , flipping through she novel . frannie and hazel 's dad michael ( 40s , kind , do he best to stay positive ) sit on the other side , watch she - but try not to make it seem that way . after a few beat : frannie it 's Friday night . hazel hmm ? frannie I be just think ... you should call you friend , see what they be up to . hazel ( disinterested ) that 's ok . frannie and Michael look at one another , do not say anything . michael wanna see a movie ? hazel look up from the book . see she parent . get a idea . hazel why do not you guy go to a movie ? ( off they look ) ( more ) 7. hazel ( cont 'd ) you have not be out in a while . go. have fun . take the night off . frannie and Michael look at one another again . michael this be a really good show . hazel sigh . and just like that , everyone go back to what they be do . CUT to : quick sequence , which play over : hazel ( v.o. ) and that be my life . - hazel watch tv , book in hand . - hazel in another doctor 's office . - hazel pop pill . hazel ( v.o. ) reality show . Doctor 's appointment . eight prescription drug , three time a day . int hazel' kitchen - another day hazel and she parent in the kitchen . hazel ( v.o. ) and worse worse worst of all ... support group . hazel ugh . you can not make I . michael of course we can , we be you parent . hazel frown . michael hazel , you need to get out of the house . make friend . be a teenager . hazel if you want I to be a teenager , do not send I to support Group . buy I a fake id so I can go to club and drink gimlet and take pot . michael you do not take pot . 8. hazel see , that 's the kind of thing I would know with a fake id . frannie ( beat ) get in the car . hazel mock stab herself in the stomach with a invisible sword . CUT to : ext church - establishing a small Episcopalian sanctuary in suburban Indianapolis . hazel ( v.o. ) and so I go ... frannie 's car pull up close to the back entrance . hazel ( v.o. ) not because I want to or because I think it would help . but for the same reason I do anything this day ... hazel , oxygen tank in toe , get out of the car with frannie 's assistance . hazel ( v.o. ) ... to make my parent happy . hazel be you gonna sit here and wait the whole time ? frannie of course not , no . I ... ( she totally be ) I have errand to run . hazel know she 's not plan to run any errand . she do not press the issue . hazel ok . frannie Love you . hazel Love you too Mom . hazel ( v.o. ) the only thing worse than bite it from cancer - be have a kid bite it from cancer . as frannie get back in the car , she shout to she daughter : 9 . frannie make some friend ! hazel just shake she head . CUT to : int church - same hazel walk towards the elevator . a extremely sick looking kid hold it open for she . hazel think better of it . hazel I will take the stair . the kid nod . the door shut . hazel be remind - it could always be worse . she turn to go , walk right into : gus hazel ooph . sorry ! a supremely beautiful boy ( we will come to know he as gus ) . tall , lean , muscular , straight short mahogany hair , blue eye . hazel have never see a better look kid in she life . gus hazel my bad . no , it 's ... for a brief moment , the Earth stop . they stand look at one another . hazel be speechless . hazel Excuse I . with the beautiful Boy watch , a want smile on he face , hazel shuffles off as fast as she can , ducking into : int bathroom - same hazel catch she breath . shake she head . surprise at herself . she look in the mirror . so do not like what she see . the Earth start move again . CUT to : int church basement - later hazel sit in the Circle of sick . patrick who would like to begin ? no volunteer . hazel catch sight of the beautiful Boy , sit next to Isaac . he seem to be watch she , that same flirty smile on he face . she self - consciously look away . 10 . patrick Isaac , I know you be face a challenging time . perhaps you would like to say something ... Isaac nod , rise . isaac yeah , um ... I be Isaac . 17 . Eye cancer . ( beat ) it 's look like another surgery in a couple week . after which , well , I will be blind ... hazel try to focus on what Isaac 's say but it 's difficult . she still feel the beautiful Boy 's gaze on she . isaac not that I be complain or anything . I know a lot of you have it way worse but , still , I mean , you know , be blind 's gonna suck ... as Isaac share , the beautiful Boy do not look away from hazel . hazel find this intimidating . and intimidation irritate she . so she decide to play the game with he , meeting he gaze and hold it just as firmly . a stare contest . isaac ... my girlfriend help . and friend like augustus here ... Isaac nod towards the beautiful Boy who now have a name - augustus . he still do not look away from hazel . isaac so ... yeah . that 's what 's up . all in unison " we be here for you Isaac . " the stare contest continue another few beat until : patrick and do you friend want to speak ? this cause the beautiful Boy to momentarily look away . aha , he 's lose the contest ! hazel smile , flick she eyebrow up as if to say " Victory be mine ! " he smile back at she , the most radiant smile on the planet . he turn back to the Group . gus hi. I be augustus Waters . 17 . have a touch of osteosarcoma bout a year and a half ago - lose this baby as a result ... 11 . Gus hold up he right leg - a prosthetic . gus but really I be just here at Isaac 's request . patrick and how be you feel augustus ? gus I ? oh I be grand . I be on a roller coaster that only go up , my friend . hazel smile . Gus catch this . embarrass , she stop smile and look away . patrick perhaps you would like to share you fear with the group , augustus . gus my fear ? Gus think about this . gus oblivion . patrick oblivion ? angle on hazel , intrigue . gus yeah , see ... I intend to live a extraordinary life . to be remember . if I be scared of anything it 's ... not do that . Patrick do not quite have the tool to deal with that . patrick would , uh , anyone like to speak to that ? and hazel 's hand go up . even Patrick be surprised by that . patrick hazel ! that 's unexpected . hazel stand , take a second to gather she thought . augustus watch she , wait for it . hazel I just wanna say ... there will come a time when , you know , all of we be dead . Gus be now even more fix on she than before . 12 . hazel it might be tomorrow . might be a million year from now but ... it 's gonna happen . and when it do , enough generation will come and go , there will be no one leave to remember cleopatra . or mozart . or Muhammad Ali , let alone any of we , right ? the look on Gus 's face be unreadable . hazel oblivion 's inevitable . and if that scare you , well , I suggest you ignore it . God know it 's what everyone else do . a beat . and then a enormous smile spread across Gus 's face , not a flirty smile but a surprised one , a real one . CUT to : ext outside the church - later hazel wait for she Mom 's car to appear . across the parking lot , she see Isaac go at it with a redhead , monica ( 17 ) , suck face like there 's no tomorrow against the door of she green pontiac firebird . between kiss , we can hear : isaac monica always . always . and hazel hear : gus literally . hazel turn to find the beautiful Boy , augustus , stand right next to she . gus I think we be in a church basement but apparently we be literally in the heart of Jesus . hazel smile . hazel someone should probably tell he , do not you think ? Jesus ? seem kinda dangerous keep all this kid with cancer in you heart . Gus laugh . gus what 's you name ? 13 . hazel hazel . gus no you full name ? hazel ( confuse ) hazel Grace lancaster . Gus nod to himself , smile . still fixate on she . hazel what ? gus I do not say anything . hazel why be you look at I like that ? gus because you be beautiful . hazel be take aback . no one 's ever say that to she before . gus I enjoy look at beautiful people and I decide a while back not to deny myself the simpler pleasure of existence . particularly give that , as you so astutely point out , we be all gonna die pretty soon . hazel ( beat ) I be not beaut -- a cute young girl walk past they . young girl hey Gus . gus hey alisa . hazel be not surprised that other girl know Gus . of course they do . she turn back towards Isaac and monica paw at each other . she hear : isaac monica always . always . hazel what 's with the " always ? " 14 . gus " always " be they thing . they will " always " love each other and whatnot . must have texted " always " to each other at least four million time this year . they continue to watch the show . it 's pretty gross . Isaac squeeze monica 's breast like a clown horn . hazel he 's gotta be hurt she boob . gus let 's watch a movie . hazel be again surprised . hazel oh. um. uh ... ( yes ! ) sure . yeah . I be ... pretty free this week -- gus no I mean now . hazel what ? gus hmm ? hazel what do you mean " now ? " gus I have get a car . he shrug . hazel have never see someone so confident . hazel you could be a axe murderer . gus there be that possibility . ( beat ) come on hazel Grace ... take a risk . as hazel mull this over , Gus reach into he pocket and pull out , of all thing , a pack of cigarettes ! hazel be in disbelief . he flip the box open , put a cigarette between he lip . hazel oh my god . oh. my. god. you be kid right ? ( off he look ) you just ruin the whole thing ! 15 . gus Whole thing ? hazel what , you think that 's cool ? oh you idiot ! there 's always a hamartia , be not there ? and yours be - even though you have freaking cancer you give money to a corporation for the chance to acquire even more cancer !? ugh . and you be do so well . as she rant , Gus continue to look at she with that smile on he face . hazel do not find it so amusing . hazel let I tell you ... not be able to breathe ? suck . totally suck . gus hamartia ? hazel fold she arm and turn away from he . hazel a fatal flaw . Gus take a beat and then move to face she , the smile still etched on he face . gus they do not hurt you unless you light they . hazel sorry ? gus I have never light one . hazel turn back to he . gus it 's a metaphor . see ? you put the thing that kill you between you tooth . but you do not give it the power to do the kill . hazel be floor . and impressed . hazel metaphor . Gus hold she gaze . and it 's at this point frannie pull up . frannie hi sweetheart . ready for some " model ? " 16 . hazel look at Gus , cigarette dangle from he lip . cool as anything . handsome as hell . she look back at she mom . hazel can not tonight . ( off she confuse look ) I have make plan with augustus Waters . and with that , she walk off . frannie look at the boy with the cigarette in he mouth . this could be trouble . or awesome . or both . and we CUT to : int gus' car - later hazel be terrify . turn out , Gus be the world 's worst driver . when he brake , she body fly forward against the seatbelt . and when he hit the gas , second later , she neck snap back in the seat . Gus see the look on she face . gus I fail the test a couple time . hazel you do not say . gus most amputee can drive with no problem but ... yeah . not I . hazel I be surprised you have a license . gus tell I about it ! another brake force hazel against the seat belt . gus the fourth time I take the test ... it be go about how this be go ... and when it be over , the instructor look at I and go , " you drive , while unpleasant ... be not technically unsafe . " hazel aha . Cancer perk . gus total cancer perk . a few beat of silence . gus so what happen to you ? hazel take a deep breath . she 's tell this story before but somehow this seem different . 17 . hazel I be 13 when they find it . and as she speak , we see it unfold . smash CUT to : int hospital bed - flashback 13 - year old hazel have a biopsy . hazel ( v.o. ) stage iv thyroid cancer . int operating room - flashback 13 - year old hazel on the operate table . it 's a nightmare . hazel ( v.o. ) I have surgery first . int several more hospital room - flashback this poor little girl be take a beat . and it 's just get start . - Radiation treatment . hazel ( v.o. ) then Radiation ... - have she head shave by frannie . hazel ( v.o. ) then chemo ... - with a picc line in a chemo chair . hazel ( v.o. ) all of which work for a while . - a radiologist look at a x-ray . he 's not pleased . hazel ( v.o. ) and then stop work . - 14 - Year Old hazel lie in bed , struggle to breathe . frannie run she finger through she hair . dad call 9- 1-1. hazel ( v.o. ) and then my lung start fill up with water . - in the icu , she parent stand over she . hazel ( v.o. ) that should have be the end . 18. frannie ( through the tear ) be you ready , sweetie ? 14 - Year Old hazel nod . Michael can not keep it together any longer . he completely break down . hazel ( v.o. ) but it be not . int icu - the next morning the sun shine in the room . 14 - year old hazel eat ice chip , the color have return to she cheek . hazel ( v.o. ) the antibiotic kick in . they drain the fluid from my lung . and in time I get better . stronger . int yet another hospital room - day slightly older hazel be get more intravenous medication . it 's never end . hazel ( v.o. ) I even find myself in a experimental trial . you know the one that be famous in the Republic of cancervania for not work . - a second radiologist examine a second x-ray . hazel ( v.o. ) it 's call phalanxifor . do not work in over 70 percent of patient but , for some reason ... the radiologist look surprised . hazel ( v.o. ) ... it work in I . they call it " the Miracle . " and finally , back to : int gus' car - same Gus have one eye on the road , the other on hazel . he be impressed with she before . he 's totally dazzle now . hazel tumor shrank , my met have hardly grow since ... ( more ) 19 . hazel ( cont 'd ) of course my lung still suck but , theoretically , they could continue to suck in just this way for , I dunno , a while maybe . gus wow . hazel yeah . gus so be you back in school or ...? hazel can not . gus why not ? hazel get my ged . gus a college girl ! well that explain the aura of sophistication ... he smile at she . she smile back . shove he upper arm playfully . they be ease into each other . eventually Gus 's car pull into he driveway . gus we be here . he 's as good at parking as he be at drive . CUT to : ext / int gus' house - same hazel follow Gus inside . she quickly notice all sort of engrave plaque and frame sign with phrase like " Home be where the heart be " and " true Love be bear from hard Times . " hazel look at Gus quizzically . gus my parent call they " encouragement . " ( roll he eye ) do not ask . Gus 's mom and dad ( 40s ) be in the kitchen make dinner . gus hey guy . gus' mom augustus , hi . New friend ? 20 . Gus 's parent do not seem surprised to see Gus with some random girl in they house . hazel take note of that . gus this be hazel Grace . hazel it 's just ... hazel . gus' dad how 's it go , just hazel ? gus ( abruptly ) downstair if you need we ! Gus drag hazel to the next room . as she 's pull : hazel Nice to meet you ! they walk down the carpete stair - Gus have a easier time with he one leg than hazel be with she oxygen tank and weak lung . eventually they arrive at Gus 's basement bedroom . there 's a tv with a video game console , a few band poster , and a whole host of basketball memorabilia ( autograph sneaker , school trophy , frame image etc . ) Gus see she look at they . gus I use to play . hazel must have be pretty good . gus this be mine . and this . the rest of it 's just cancer perk . Gus grab a dvd from he stack of dvd . hazel sit down on the bed , she breathe noticeably heavier . hazel need to sit . Gus sit down next to she on the bed . hazel do not get any idea . ( catch she breath ) all that stand ... and stair ... and then more stand ... lotta stand for I . gus I understand . 21 . hazel I will be fine in a minute . unless I faint . I be a bit of a victorian lady , fainting - wise . Gus smile . he wait for she breathe to slow down . in time : gus you ok ? hazel nod , smile . gus so what 's you story ? hazel I already tell you my story . I be diagnosed -- gus not you cancer story . you story . interest , hobby , passion , weird fetish ... hazel um ... gus do not tell I you be one of that people who become they disease . hazel no. I be just ... I do not know ... un - extraordinary . gus I reject that out of hand . ( beat , hazel shrug ) think of something you love . first thing that come to mind . hazel " a Imperial affliction . " gus ok . what 's that ? hazel it 's a novel . my favorite novel . gus do it have zomby ? hazel ( laughing ) what ? no . gus stormtrooper . 22. hazel seriously ? ( he shrug ) it 's not that kind of book . gus sound horrible . hazel it 's not , it 's ... kind of my bible actually . gus interesting . what 's it about ? hazel Cancer . ( off he look ) but not in that way , trust I . the guy who write it , Peter Van houten , he 's ... well , the only person I have ever come across who seem to a ) understand what it 's like to be die and b ) not have die . gus ( intrigued ) in that case ... I be go to read this horrible book with the boring title that do not contain zomby or stormtrooper . and in exchange ... Gus pull a book from he bookshelf . gus ... all I ask be that you read this brilliant and haunt novelization of my favorite video game . hazel look at the slim , ridiculous novella . she laugh . she 's adorable when she laugh . she take the book from he and as she do , they hand get tangle together for a brief , charge moment . gus you hand be cold . hazel not so much cold as under - oxygenate . gus ooh hazel Grace ... ( beat ) I love it when you talk medical to I . hazel blushes . and off she completely smitten smile , CUT to : 23. int hazel' bedroom - another night hazel sit in bed read Gus 's novella . frannie stand in the doorway , notice the new book . frannie that 's different . hazel shrug . frannie look intrigue . frannie do he give it to you ? hazel by " it " do you mean herpes ? frannie roll she eye . hazel 's phone buzze . she excitedly check it - only to be disappointed . frannie notice . frannie I be sure he will call , do not worry . hazel I be not worried . please . it 's not like I be wait for he to call or anything . I just ... we hang out . no big deal . frannie say nothing to that . her silence say it all . hazel roll she eye . CUT to : quick series of scene : hazel continue " not to wait " for Gus 's call . we see she : - brush she tooth . and check she phone . - watch tv . and check she phone . - eat breakfast . and check she phone . - look out the window on a rainy day . try not to check she phone . willing herself to not check the goddamn phone . and check the phone . where be he ?! do he forget about she ? int hazel' dine room - night hazel at the dinner table with she parent . she 's a little sullen , barely touch she food . hazel 's phone buzze . she try not to seem too eager to check it , what with she parent watch and all . she subtly look down at she lap . and sure enough : a text from Gus ! her eye bug out . we see : 24 . " tell I my copy be miss the last ten page or something . " hazel smile . go back to eat . frannie and Michael share a quick glance . a second later , there 's a follow - up text . " tell I I have not reach the end of this book ! " hazel smile again . and then a third text : " a book can " T end in the middle of a sentence ?! what in GOD be name be this madness ! aaaahhhh ! " hazel now laugh out loud . Michael clear he throat . hazel look up . michael would you like to be excuse ? ext hazel be house - backyard - moment later hazel sit down on a patio chair and dial the phone . Gus answer on the first ring . gus ( o.s. ) hazel Grace . hazel welcome to the sweet torture of read " a Imperial -- " at which point she hear a loud wail come from the other end of the phone . hazel what the -- be you ok ? gus ( o.s. ) me? yeah . I be excellent . intercut between hazel on the patio and : int gus' basement bedroom - same Isaac 's head be bury in Gus 's couch . he 's wail like a banshee , have some kind of nervous breakdown . gus ( into phone ) I be , however , with Isaac . hazel hear more wail . have no idea what to make of it . 25 . gus ( o.s. ) ( to isaac ) dude ! hey ! do support Group hazel make this better or worse ? hazel genuinely have no idea what the hell be go on . gus Isaac ! focus . on. me. hazel wait a few beat for Gus to come back on . finally : gus ( o.s. ) ( to hazel ) how fast can you get here ? hazel think about this . and on she face , CUT to : int gus' basement - later hazel descend the step . she hear a ungodly moan before she see anyone . what have she get herself into ? Gus appear at the base . gus ( call to Isaac ) Isaac , hazel from support Group be come downstairs . Gus wait for a response . none come . he gesture for she to follow he into the room . before he do : gus a gentle reminder : Isaac be in the midst of a psychotic episode . ( hazel nods ) you look nice , by the way . hazel blushes , follow Gus into the room to find Isaac sit upside down in a game chair . tear be flow down he reddene cheek . empty soda can and bag of junk food lie around he . hazel how ya do Isaac ? again , no response . hazel look to Gus for a explanation . gus seem Isaac and monica be no longer a go concern . hazel oh I be sorry . ( beat ) do you want to talk about it ? Isaac start to sob again . 26 . gus he just want to cry and play video game . hazel Fair enough . gus it do not hurt to talk to he , however . if you have any sage word of feminine advice ... hazel I actually think he response be appropriate . gus " pain demand to be feel . " hazel ( light up at that ) you be quote my book ! Gus wink at she . at which point , Isaac let out another howl . Gus gesture for hazel to sit . the two of they flank Isaac . he finally speak . isaac she do not want to do it after the surgery . Said she could not handle it . I be about to lose my eyesight and she can not handle it . hazel rub he shoulder in sympathy . isaac I keep say " always " to she . always , always , always . and she just keep talk over I and not say it back . it be like I be already go , you know ? " always " be a promise ! you can not break promise . hazel sometimes people do not understand the promise they be make when they make they . isaac right , sure , but you keep the promise anyway . that 's what love be . Love be keep the promise anyway . gus that could be a " encouragement . " it 's silent for a beat . and then Isaac stand up , a funny look on he face . 27 . gus Isaac ...? suddenly Isaac start kick he chair across the room . gus here we go ... the chair land against the bed . Gus hand Isaac something else to throw , a pillow . Isaac grab the pillow and slam it against the wall . he dive on it and being pummel the pillow like a maniac . gus that 's it ! punch that thing . and so he do . as he continue to , Gus look at hazel , cigarette dangle from he mouth . gus I have be want to call you on a nearly minutely basis but I have be wait until I could form a coherent think in be : " a Imperial affliction . " ( she smile ) I can not stop think about it . hazel I know , right ? gus the only problem be the end . hazel it be rather abrupt . gus it 's torture ! I mean , I totally get that she die or whatever - Anna . but there be a unwritten contract between author and reader and I think end you book in the middle of a sentence kind of violate that contract . hazel but that 's part of what I like about it . it portray death truthfully . you die in the middle of you life , in the middle of a sentence . but I do - God , I do want to know what happen to everyone else . gus yeah like she Mom . hazel the dutch tulip man ... 28 . gus sysiphus the hamster ... hazel beam . Gus totally get the book . a bond between they . gus have you try contact this ... Peter Van houten ? hazel I have write letter . he 's never respond . apparently he move to Amsterdam , become a recluse . have not publish anything . do not do interview . gus sad . ( beat ) hang on . ( turn to Isaac ) Isaac ! Gus stand and take the pillow out of Isaac 's hand . gus pillow do not break . Gus hand Isaac one of he basketball trophies . gus you need to break something . Isaac look at it , then back to Gus as if ask permission . Gus nod . Isaac hold it over he head and smash ! the trophy break into a million piece . Isaac almost smile . Gus hand he another . gus go to town , my friend . and Isaac do . smash they one by one . hazel look at Gus . gus I have be look for a way to tell my dad that I kinda hate basketball . think maybe we have find it . Isaac grab more of the trophies , smash they to piece . Gus and hazel enjoy the spectacle . when there be none leave Isaac be panting , stand over the bronze carnage . gus feel better ? Isaac think about it . shake he head no . Gus put he arm around he but look at hazel . 29 . gus that 's the thing about pain ... it demand to be feel . hazel smile . and on she face , we CUT to : int lancaster house - dine room - another night where hazel be have dinner with she parent . frannie Dr. Maria call today . the pet scan be set for the eighth . hazel nod . this could be a source of worry but she 's not go to think about that right now . she 's upbeat . and she 's actually eat , which she parent can not help but notice . frannie and Michael look at one another , pleased . frannie I tell you support Group be a good idea . hazel 's phone buzze . " augustus . " she look to she parent . michael by all mean . ext hazel' backyard - moment later hazel lay on the grass in she backyard stare up at the star . she ring he back and as she do splitscreen with hazel in the grass and : int gus' basement bedroom - same Gus ( upside down ) in bed , a laptop on he chest . gus hazel Grace . hazel hello augustus . gus so I read it again . and I just keep feel like ... like it be a gift . like you would give I something important . hazel ( touched ) you be welcome . gus on the other hand ... we need closure , do not we ? 30 . hazel what we need be a sequel . gus yes . we need to know what happen to Anna 's family after she die . hazel that 's what I keep ask Van houten for in my letter . gus but he never write back . hazel that 's correct . gus because he 's a recluse . hazel yeee-up . gus utterly unreachable . hazel unfortunately so . Gus clear he throat , smile . hazel wait . gus " dear Mr. Waters ... I be write to thank you for you electronic correspondence receive this 6th of April . hazel sit up . could it be ...? gus " I be grateful to anyone who set aside the time to read my book ... " hazel augustus !? gus I find he assistant . I email she . she must have forward it to he . ( hazel be stunne ) shall I continue ? hazel keep read , keep read ! 31 . gus " I be particularly indebted to you , sir , both for you kind word about ` a Imperial affliction ' and for take the time to tell I that the book , and here I quote you directly , `meant a great deal ' to you . " hazel pay attention to every word . gus " to answer you question : no , I have not write anything else , nor will I . I do not feel that continue to share my thought with reader would benefit either they or I . however thank you again for you generous email . your most sincerely , Peter Van houten . hazel you be make this up ? gus hazel Grace , could I , with my meager intellectual capability , make up a letter from the great Peter Van houten ? hazel Holy hell . gus indeed . hazel can I ... would you mind ... gus ( smiling ) go check you in - box . hazel jump up as fast as she lung will allow . CUT to : int hazel' bedroom - later that night hazel sit at she computer , Van houten 's assistant 's email address stare she in the face . the cursor blink on a blank page . and then hazel start write ... hazel ( v.o. ) " dear Mr. Peter Van houten , my name be hazel Grace lancaster . my friend augustus Waters , who read you book - at my recommendation - just receive a email from you at this address . I hope you will not mind that he share that email with I . " 32 . while hazel read the letter , we see a series of scene show the next several day . they include : - hazel and Gus drink coffee at a cafe . he 's enthusiastically tell a story and she 's enjoy every moment of it . - hazel help Gus become a better driver . it 's no use . hazel ( v.o. ) " I be wonder if you would not mind answer a few question I have about what happen after the end of the book . specifically , the following : " - in he kitchen , laugh , try to make omelettes . hazel ( v.o. ) " do Anna 's Mom marry the dutch tulip man ; be the dutch tulip man up to something - or be he just misunderstand ? what happen to Anna 's friend ? - watch tv . they body almost touch . but not quite . hazel ( v.o. ) lastly , I be hope you could shed some light on sisyphus the hamster . this question have haunt I for year . and I do not know how long I have leave to get answer to they . " and finally , back in hazel 's bedroom . she finish read this letter into the phone . hazel " I know this be not important literary question and that you book be full of important literary question , but I would just really like to know . " intercut with Gus bounce a ball against the wall , listen . hazel ( read it aloud to he ) " and of course , if ever you do decide to write anything else , even if you do not want to publish it , I would love to read it . frankly , I would read you grocery list . your with great admiration , hazel Grace lancaster . Age 16 . " gus not bad . 33. hazel you think ? gus bit pretentious . but then again , Van houten use word like " tendentious " and ... " bacchanalia " so I think he will like it . hazel smile , look at a clock . hazel be it really almost 1 ? gus guess so . hazel I gotta get to sleep . gus ok ... hazel ok ... neither one of they want to hang up the phone . gus ok ... hazel ok ... they both laugh at this . gus perhaps " ok " will be we " always . " hazel smile . hazel ok . gus ok . hazel ok . Gus hang up . we stay with hazel . be it really possible this beautiful Boy like she ? she think about it . she 's not convinced . CUT to : int hospital - recovery room - day Isaac lie in bed , bandage cover he eye , now officially blind . a nurse attend to he while hazel sit by he side . 34 . isaac she have not even visit . fourteen month we be together . what kind of person ... isaac' nurse you will get over she Isaac . just take a little time . you will see . the nurse exit the room . isaac be she go ? hazel yeah . isaac do she really just say " you will see ? " hazel ( shake she head ) qualities of a good nurse . go. isaac do not pun you disability . hazel get blood on the first try . isaac that be huge . I mean , seriously , be this my freakin ' arm or a dartboard ? Three - no condescending voice . hazel ( lay it on thick ) " I be gonna stab you with this needle now , so there might be a little ouchie . " they laugh and then lapse into silence for a moment . hazel you do alright , Isaac ? isaac I do not know . to be honest , I think a hell of a lot more about monica than my eye . be that crazy ? that 's crazy . hazel it 's a little crazy . 35 . isaac but I believe in love , you know ? I do not believe that everybody get to keep they eye or not get sick or whatever , but everybody should have true love . do not you think ? hazel think about it as Isaac press the button on he pain pump , self - administer morphine . isaac Gus be here earlier . hazel ( try to be nonchalant ) be he ? Isaac exhales as the pain pump start to kick in . isaac mmm ... that 's better . hazel the pain ? ( off he slow nod ) good. good , Isaac . ( Isaac close he eye ) what about Gus ? but Isaac be already asleep . whatever he be go to say about Gus be go . hazel nod , pat he hand . CUT to : int hazel' bedroom - morning hazel roll out of bed , stumble to she computer . she casually check she in - box and be shocked to discover - he 's write she back ! hazel Holy shit ! ( reading aloud ) " dear Ms. lancaster ... I cannot answer you question , at least not in write , because to do so would constitute a sequel , which you might publish or otherwise share on the internet . not that I do not trust you , but how could I trust you , I barely know you . " hazel 's jaw hang open as she read the next part : hazel " should ever you find yourself in Amsterdam , do pay a visit at you leisure . your most sincerely , Peter Van houten " Son of a - what be this life !!! 36 . frannie race in , clearly expect a health problem . frannie what 's wrong ?! hazel ( realize she scared she ) nothing . sorry . frannie ( confuse ) nothing ? hazel everything ! look ! hazel show frannie the note . frannie read it . hazel can we go to Amsterdam ? please ? frannie think about how to respond for a beat . frannie hazel , I ... I love you and ... you know I would do anything for you , but we do not ... ( pained ) we do not have the money . the expense of get equipment over there - love , it 's just not possible ... hazel ( deflate ) no , yeah , of course . clearly frannie feel awful . which make hazel feel awful . frannie I mean , I could talk to you father or -- hazel Mom , no . please . do not do anything . forget I mention it . a beat between they . frannie walk out , sadly . hazel sit on the bed , totally bum now for two reason . hazel ( v.o. ) guilt be definitely a side effect of cancer . ext suburban STREET - later hazel and Gus walk together on the sidewalk . 37 . gus just use you wish . hazel I have use it already . pre - " Miracle . " gus what would you do ? hazel do not want to say . Gus realize . gus not Disney . hazel I be 13 ... gus tell I you do not go to Disney World . ( hazel look away ) hazel Grace ! you do not use you one die wish to go to Disney World ! hazel ( feeble ) and epcot Center . gus ( hand in the air ) oh my God ! hazel ( defending herself ) we have fun on that trip . gus that be the saddest thing I have ever hear ! hazel I meet goofy ... gus now I be embarrassed . hazel why be you embarrassed ? gus how can I have a crush on a girl with such cliche wish ? hazel wait , what ? the word " crush " have take hazel totally by surprise . 38 . gus what ? she look at he . a beat . she quickly look away , blush . Gus continue on about Disney but all hazel can think about be " crush " . she try not to seem too excited . CUT to : int pet scan room - day hazel , in a hospital gown , be slowly feed through the machine . a tech explain that she should hold still , try and relax , etc . but hazel know . she know all about this procedure . she 's a pro . CUT to : ext hazel be house - front Gus be wait on the front stoop when frannie 's car pull up . they be home from the hospital . he wear a Indiana pacer jersey and carry a bouquet of bright orange tulip . Michael get out of the passenger 's seat to help hazel out of the car . Gus rise to assist they . michael be that a rik smit jersey ? gus it be indeed . michael ( beat ) man , I love that guy . hazel see Gus , be not expect he . hazel Gus ? gus hi hazel . ( beat ) how would you like to go on a picnic ? int hazel' live room - moment later Gus be with frannie and Michael downstairs . frannie something to drink ? gus I be great Mrs. lancaster . 39 . meanwhile , upstairs , hazel get ready for the date . she 's put the orange flower in a toothbrush holder and be put on lip gloss . she can faintly hear the conversation downstairs . angle on Gus sit on the stair . Michael next to he . michael you be a survivor yourself ? gus ( tap he leg ) do not cut this fella off for the hell of it . though it be a excellent weight - loss strategy . leg be heavy ! michael how 's you health now ? gus n-e- C for fourteen month . michael that 's fantastic . gus I be very lucky . angle on hazel , check herself out in the mirror . seem to like what she see a lot more than before . back on Gus and Michael , downstairs : michael Son , you have to understand ... hazel 's still pretty sick . she will be the rest of she life . angle on hazel , who can hear all of this . she stop what she 's do and listen . michael she will want to keep up with you - she 's that kind of girl - but the truth be , she lung -- hazel you ready Gus ? hazel appear , silencing she Father mid-sentence . CUT to : ext park - later behind the Indianapolis Museum of Art be 152 acre of garden and Grounds . hazel and Gus walk together . hazel be this where you bring all you romantic conquest ? 40 . gus every last one . ( beat ) probably why I be still a virgin . hazel laugh , elbow he . hazel you be not a virgin . ( off he look ) be you really ? Gus pick a stick up from the dirt . draw a big circle in it . gus see this ? this circle be virgin ... now Gus draw a much smaller circle inside that circle . gus and this ... be 17 year old dude with one leg . hazel laugh . Point make . he grab she hand , help she walk up a tiny hill . once up there , Gus lay a blanket on the ground . they sit , look out over a rather odd sculpture - a set of giant white bone where child can jump and play . gus ( explaining ) " funky Bones " by joep Van lieshout . hazel he sound dutch . gus and he be . much like rik smit . and tulip . hazel raise a eyebrow at Gus . he 's sure take this Amsterdam / dutch thing pretty far . he remove some sandwich and orange juice out of a basket . gus sandwich ? hazel let I guess -- gus ( nods ) dutch cheese . and tomato . ( she take one ) the tomato be mexican . sorry . they eat for a second , they eye watch the child play on the bone . 41 . gus how cool be that ? a skeleton be use as a playground . hazel you do love you symbol . gus speak of which ... Gus stand up , take a cigarette , put it in he mouth . he clear he throat . gus you be probably wonder why you be sit here eat a bad cheese sandwich and drink orange juice with a guy in a rik smit jersey . hazel it have cross my mind . gus hazel Grace , like so many before you - and I say this with great affection - you spend you wish ... moronically . hazel I be thir -- gus hush ! I be in the midst of a grand soliloquy here . hazel sorry . please , continue ... gus you be young . impressionable . the grim reaper stare you in the face . and the fear of die with you one true wish leave ungrant lead you to rush into make one you do not really want , for how could little hazel Grace , have never read " a Imperial affliction " ever know that she one true wish be to visit Mr. Peter Van houten in he amsterdamian exile . hazel nod in agreement . gus if you be smart , you would have save you wish till the time in you life when you really know you true self . 42 . Gus stop talk . hazel be confuse . hazel but I ... do not save it . Gus smile . gus good thing I save mine . hazel cock she head to one side . what be he talk about ? gus get it in exchange for the leg . ( beat ) and I still have it . she start to realize . hazel be you say -- gus I be not gonna give you my wish or anything . but I too have a interest in meeting Peter Van houten and it would not make much sense to meet he without the girl who introduce I to he book , now would it ? ( hazel 's eye widen ) I talk to the geny and they be in total agreement . ( beat ) we leave on May third . hazel be so excited that she grab Gus and pull he into a hug . they face close , lip inch apart , and just when it look like something might happen -- hazel wait a minute . ( beat ) be you only do this so I will kiss you ? a beat . Gus blink a few time . hazel Cause I would totally kiss you either way . and kiss he she do . he 's surprised . and when it 's over , they sit back , look at one another . a magic moment . hazel seriously ... why be you do this ? 43. gus because hazel Grace ... I find my wish . and hazel be beyond touch . we hear : frannie ( overlap ) be you out of you mind ? int hazel' utility room - day frannie fold laundry while hazel plead she case . frannie it 's too much , haze . we can not accept something like that from a virtual stranger . hazel he 's not a stranger . frannie really ? hazel do not be gross . frannie it 's still " no , " I be afraid . hazel can we at least ask Dr. Maria ? int doctor' office - another day where hazel 's oncologist dr . maria shake she head . dr . maria that 's out of the question . hazel you say the pet scan be encourage ! dr . maria the pet scan be encourage . we just do not know how long it will stay that way . what if you get sick in a foreign country ? hazel they have doctor in Amsterdam . and cancer . someone will know what to do . 44 . dr . maria be that as it may , without someone familiar with you particular case , I can not -- hazel ( turn to she Mom ) so you will come too . frannie what ? hazel the geny can hook it up . they be load . frannie I -- hazel you have never be to Amsterdam , have you Mom ? and judge from she face , seem she would kinda like to . Dr. Maria look at frannie , shrug - kid 's get a point . hazel smile . and on that smile , we smash CUT to : black . over which , we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) and then this happen . int hazel' bedroom - night [ note : there 's no sound in this sequence . just image . ] hazel wake up scream in the middle of the night , shaking and hold she head . frannie and Michael burst in . Mom grab she cry daughter , frighten beyond belief , wave to Michael to call for help . hazel ( v.o. ) people talk about the courage of cancer patient . and I do not deny that courage ... he leave the room to do so and Fran stay behind , rock with she daughter , promise she it will all be ok . whatever nightmare this be , it 's go to end . CUT to : int frannie' car - moment later still silent . Michael drive , try to keep it together . frannie 's in the back with hazel 's head in she lap . 45 . hazel continue to scream in silence , whether from pain or terror , we do not know . hazel ( v.o. ) I would be poke and stab and poison for year and still I trod on . int emergency room - moment later Michael carry hazel into the chaotic emergency room . they be practically run . there 's still no sound . hazel ( v.o. ) but make no mistake ... the doctor rally to assist the scream , cry child . she 's wheeled away from she family who can only watch . we stay with she and we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) in that moment I would have be very , very happy to die . end sequence . int hospital room - icu - morning the sound return . and it 's the sound of a heart monitor . beep . beep . beep . it 's also the sound of a work heart . hazel have make it through . her eye open . a nurse be there . hazel' nurse hello . hazel hi. hazel' nurse you be ok , hazel . even hazel seem surprised by that . hazel' nurse would you like to see you parent ? hazel nod . the nurse go to get they . soon they come bound in , cry and kissing she repeatedly . so much relief . CUT to : later . hazel 's bed have be raise up so she can talk to she parent " comfortably . " frannie they think it be a brain tumor . michael it be not - thank god -- 46 . hazel so what happen ? frannie the usual . fluid in the lung , prevent oxygenation . they put that in ... there 's a tube in hazel 's side drain fluid into a plastic bladder that hang off she bed . frannie drain a liter and a half last night . ( that 's a lot of fluid . ) michael the good news be ... no tumor growth . no new tumor in you body . hazel nod . that be a relief . michael we be all so relieved . frannie embrace she daughter . frannie this be just a thing hazel . it 's a thing we can live with . hazel nod again . only in the universe of hazel Grace lancaster be something like this just a thing . meanwhile : int hospital icu - waiting area - later here 's Gus , he foot tapping nervously on the floor . it 's unclear how long he 's be wait there . he see Michael walk down the hall . race after he . gus Mr. lancaster ! how 's she do ? michael better , thank you . much better . Gus nod , as relieved as the rest of they . gus they will not let I in . family only . michael I be sorry -- gus no I get it . will you just ... will you tell she I be here ? 47 . michael of course I will . Gus smile . and sit back down . though he will not get to see she , he still want to stay . michael gus. Michael really like this kid . michael why do not you go home , get some rest ? Gus look up . that might be for the best . CUT to : int hospital - conference room - day later hazel and she Parents sit at a very large conference table along with Dr. Maria and three other oncologist - she whole " Cancer team . " oncologist # 1 the great news be ... phalanxifor continue to control you tumor growth . ( beat ) the not so great news be we be still see serious problem with fluid accumulation . ( beat ) so how should we proceed ? silence . hazel look around the room , wait for someone to answer . no one do . hazel um , I feel like I be not the most qualified person to answer that . oncologist # 1 I be talk to Dr. simmon . dr . simmon ( late 60 , white beard , old school ) speak next . dr . simmon it 's a strange case . normally the tumor start resisting the treatment . but that have not happen here - yet . hazel hear the " yet " the loudest . dr . simmon unfortunately , the drug may be worsen the edema . 48 . dr . maria but if we stop it entirely , we be likely to face even graver danger . michael so we be gonna do nothing ? dr . maria that 's what we have to decide . the truth be ... very few people have be on phalanxifor as long as hazel have . we do not really know the long term effect . that comfort no one . hazel can not I just get like a lung transplant or something ? the doctor look at one another like " who want to take that one ? " eventually : dr . maria you would not be consider a ... strong candidate for a transplant . hazel take that in , nod , try to pretend it do not bother she . sensitive Michael on the other hand start to cry a little bit . he grab frannie 's hand . dr . simmon we be try to prevent endothelial growth while at the same time prevent immunosorbent ... as Dr. simmon drone on with some cancer gobbledygook , hazel 's eye remain firmly fix on she parent . she hate what she 's do to they . and see they hold hand , cry but try not to cry - it jog a memory . CUT to : int hospital icu - flashback we see this once before . it look like the end for 13 - year old hazel . her father be weep off to the side while she mom stand over she , hold she hand , and ask : frannie ( through the tear ) be you ready , sweetie ? 13 - year old hazel nod . the doctor get to work . the anaesthetic take hold and hazel go under . but not enough . Cause she totally hear she mother say : frannie I will not be a mom anymore . 49 . she fall into she husband 's chest . and we be back to : int hospital - conference room hazel come out of the memory when she parent see she stare at they . she try to shake it off . Dr. simmon be still talk nonsense when : hazel I have a question . dr . maria yes hazel . hazel can I still go to Amsterdam ? Dr. simmon can not help himself . he laugh . everyone look at he . he clear he throat . dr . simmon that would not be wise at this juncture . hazel why not ? dr . simmon Excuse I ? hazel why not , Dr. simmon ? dr . simmon I -- the doctor be try to be delicate here . dr . maria it would ... increase some risk -- hazel so do go to the mall -- dr . maria yes but a airplane ? hazel they have oxygen on airplane . frannie hazel -- hazel it 's my life , right ? dr . simmon you be stage iv -- 50 . hazel I have this opportunity I may never have again . if the medicine 's work , I do not see why -- dr . simmon because , hazel . ( beat ) look , I do not know any other way to say this ... you be just too sick . and this be like a punch in the gut . dr . simmon I be sorry . everyone feel horrible now . Dr. Maria , frannie and Michael , and even hazel . this meeting could not have go worse . and we CUT to : ext hazel be house - driveway hazel parent 's bring she home from the hospital . she look miserable . it 's clear the last few day have be a big emotional set back . CUT to : int hazel' bedroom - later her parent tuck she in . frannie we will be right outside . hazel nod . her phone buzze . she look at it . a text from Gus that read : " ok ? " hazel look at it . and she do not write back . CUT to : int hazel' kitchen - another night hazel sit stare at nothing . the house phone ring . Michael come in from another room with the phone in hand . whisper : michael Gus again . hazel think about it - silently shake she head , no . Michael say into the phone . michael I be sorry Gus , she 's asleep . hazel stand and go into she bedroom , clearly depressed . 51 . int hazel' bedroom - later hazel read from " a Imperial affliction . " her phone buzze again . " augustus . " it just say " hello ? " again she ignore it . and then a second text . she look at it . " the silence be deafen . " she put the phone back down . hazel 's heart break . she can not take it anymore . she pick the phone back up . she text the follow : " I do not know if you will understand this but I can not see you anymore . I mean I want to . I just ... " she think about the rest . she write : " I be a grenade . " she send the text . wait . and then there 's more to say . she send a second text . " when I look at you , all I can see be what I be go to put you through . I can not have that . I be sorry . " she send that text . wait . he write back . " ok . " hazel read it . write back : " ok . " a beat . Gus respond : " oh my god , stop flirt with I ! " hazel smile - she can not help herself ! - but she must . she get she emotion in check . put the phone away . CUT to : ext hazel be house - establishing a ugly day in Indianapolis . int hazel be house - same Inside , hazel be about as miserable as the weather . the sky - and the circumstance - have cast a grey pall over the day . ext hazel be house - backyard hazel walk out back . look up at the cloud , threaten rain but not yet deliver it . she sit down in the grass , on the verge of tear . she look at the old rusty swing set that 's be in she backyard for year . 52 . and start to cry . just for a few brief moment , she let herself cry . then she wipe the tear . become strong again . and make a decision . hazel dial she phone . we hear : gus ( o.s. ) hazel Grace ! hazel hi augustus . gus ( o.s. ) be you cry , hazel Grace ? hazel kind of . gus ( o.s. ) what 's the matter ? hazel I do not know . I want to go to Amsterdam . and I want he to tell we what happen after the book and I do not want my particular life and also the sky be make I sad and there 's this old swing set that my dad make for I when I be a kid . it 's just ... everything . hazel be on the verge of lose it again . a few beat of silence pass by . gus ( o.s. ) I demand to see this swing set of tear . hazel can not help but smile and we CUT to : later . same backyard - only now hazel be with Gus . which make everything better . they both look at the swing set . gus I see you point . ( beat ) that be one sad swing set . hazel nudge she head onto he shoulder . hazel thanks for come over . 53. gus you do realize ... try to keep you distance from I will in no way lessen my affection for you . hazel say nothing . gus all effort to save I from you will fail . hazel look at he . he 's sure not make this easy . gus be this about Amsterdam ? Cause we don 't -- hazel it 's not about Amsterdam . it 's about I . it 's about ... gus grenade . hazel nod . gus I get it . one day you be go to explode in a huge ball of fire and everyone close to you will die in you wake . hazel exactly . gus there 's already two people in you life you be go to destroy . why add a third to that list . be I right ? hazel ( nods ) that 's why I do not have a hamster . Gus be silent . he can not argue . they stand there quietly a few more beat , look out at the swing set . until : gus we have get to do something about this frigging swing set . int hazel' bedroom - moment later hazel sit at the computer screen write a craigslist post . Gus stand next to she . 54 . hazel ( typing ) " swing set need Home . " gus " desperately Lonely swing set need love Home . " hazel " Lonely , vaguely pedophilic swing set seek butt of Children . " Gus laugh . hazel no ? Gus laugh harder . hazel laugh with he . gus that 's why . hazel look at he , not understanding . gus in case you be wonder ... that 's why I like you . ( beat , off she look ) you be so busy be you that you have no idea how utterly unprecedented you be . hazel absorb that . her feeling for this boy in a tangle . CUT to : ext hazel be house - backyard Gus and hazel watch as a townie finish load the swing set into the back of he pick - up . Gus salute the swing set as the truck drive off . then he sneak a quick kiss on hazel 's cheek . she shoot he a look . Gus throw up he hand . gus friendly . she playfully elbow he away . ext church - another day hazel walk with Isaac out of support Group . isaac do you like he ? hazel of course I like he . 55 . isaac but you do not want to hook up with he ? hazel do not know what she want . hazel it 's complicated . int hazel' bedroom - day hazel be at she computer read a new email from lidewij vliegenthart . clearly hazel be not expect this . hazel ( v.o. ) " dear hazel , I have receive word via the geny that you will be visit we with augustus Waters and you mother beginning on the 4th . a week away ! Peter and I be delighted and cannot wait to -- hazel be confuse . she stand and walk into the hallway . hazel Mom ? no response . hazel Mom ! ( still nothing ) mom !!! frannie race out of she room in a towel , drip wet . frannie what be it , what 's wrong ?! hazel sorry , I ... I do not know you be in the shower . frannie ( exhausted ) bath . I be just ... just try to take a bath for five second . what 's the matter ? hazel do you ever call the geny to tell they the trip be off ? I just get a email from Peter Van houton 's assistant . she still think we be come . frannie purse she lip and squint past hazel . clearly unsure what to say . 56 . hazel what ? frannie can not keep a straight face . frannie I be not suppose to tell you until you father get home . ( beat ) we be go to Amsterdam . hazel ( still not believe ) really ... frannie Dr. Maria call last night and make a convincing case that you need to live -- hazel ( yelling ) I love you so much !! hazel can not move all that fast to hug she Mom so frannie come to she and they embrace . after : frannie I be get back in the tub now . when she leave hazel grab she cell phone . angle on it . hazel send Gus the follow text : " still free may 3 ? :-) " a moment later Gus respond : " everything's coming up water ! " hazel be over the moon with excitement . she smile , then try to calm herself , know it 's the best thing . hazel ( whisper to she lung ) one week , lung . keep you shit together one more week ... int kitchen - one week later luggage wait by the door , include oxygen tank and medical equipment . frannie make breakfast as hazel enter , now dress and excited for the trip . hazel Amsterdam ! frannie Amsterdam ! and a moment later Michael join they . 57 . michael Amsterdam ! they be all go crazy with excitement ! CUT to : ext house - later Michael finish load up the car . kiss he wife goodbye . he embrace hazel . she hug he back and of course he start to cry . michael ( whispering ) I love you . I be so proud of you . hazel for what ? Michael let go of she and wipe away he tear . they look at each other . unable to help himself , he grab she for another hug . hazel let he , laugh . int / ext car - later the car be pack with oxygen tank , a suitcase for clothes , another for medicine and back - up medicine just in case etc . frannie pull up to Gus 's house . they get out of the car and head to the front door , buzzing with excitement . as they get close , they can hear a commotion inside . a woman' voice yell something unclear , follow by : gus ( o.s. ) because it be my life , mom . it belong to I ! frannie immediately put she arm around hazel and quickly spin she back to the car . hazel Mom ? frannie we can not eavesdrop , hazel . back at the car , far out of earshot , they wait . hazel unsure what that be about . frannie politely honk the horn . a moment later Gus emerge from the house , smile . a travel bag over he shoulder and a cigarette dangle from he lip . gus ( to frannie ) always a pleasure to see you mar 'am . ( beat ) hello , hazel Grace . 58 . hazel ok ...? gus ok . hazel ok . frannie do not know what to make of any of that . she just say , when they stop and look at she : frannie Amsterdam ! ext airport - establishing a skycap help hazel , Gus and frannie with all they bag and equipment . int airport - moment later they wait in line for the security checkpoint . when it 's hazel 's turn she unhook the plastic nubbin from she nose . Gus place the oxygen tank on the conveyer belt . hazel take slow , careful step through the metal detector . she seem determine to get through this without any help . but upon reach the other side it 's clear that even this few step without oxygen be a struggle . hazel hold on to the side of the conveyer belt to steady herself . as soon as she tank reappear she put the cannula back in place . still light -headed , hazel close she eye and focus on she breathe . she catch she mom look at she , nervously . hazel ( with some difficulty ) Amsterdam ! int airport gate - later arrive at the Gate area they draw curious look from the other passengers : hazel with she oxygen tank , Gus with he noticeable limp and frannie help with the equipment . a young couple get up so that hazel and Gus can sit . hazel oh that 's not necessary . but they give up they seat anyway . hazel and Gus take they . we see various passenger watch . hazel ignore the attention until a little girl ( 6 , cute braid ) appear . 59 . little girl what 's in you nose ? hazel it 's call a cannula . this tube give I oxygen and help I breathe . the girl mother swoops in , a little frantic . girl mother Jackie ... oh , I be sorry . hazel ( sincere ) no , no . it 's alright . little girl would they help I breathe too ? hazel I dunno . wanna try ? hazel remove she cannula and let 's the Little girl try it . little girl tickles . hazel right ? little girl I think I be breathe better . hazel well ... I would love to give you my cannula but ... I kinda really need the help . the Little girl nod , hand it back to hazel , who quickly reattach it . little girl thanks for let I try it . they smile at each other before the Little girl walk back to she family . she wave . hazel wave back . airport announcement ( o.s. ) we will now begin pre-board Flight 144 to Amsterdam . for that passenger in need of extra assistance ... hazel I think that 's we . 60 . int airplane - moment later hazel sit in the middle with frannie on the aisle and Gus at the window . he look around , antsy . hazel have you never be on a plane before ? Gus shake he head , he have not . and he 's nervous . he pull a cigarette out of he pocket and put it in he mouth . within second a flight attendant rush over . flight attendant Sir , you can not smoke on this plane . or ... any plane . gus ( cigarette in he mouth ) I do not smoke . the Flight attendant shoot he a look . hazel it 's a metaphor . he put the kill thing in he mouth but do not give it the power to kill he . flight attendant ( no nonsense ) that metaphor be prohibit on today 's flight . Gus nod and put the cigarette away . PA system " Flight attendant , prepare for departure . " the engine roar to life and the plane accelerate towards take off . Gus be get more worried by the second . he grab the arm rest , he eye wide . hazel ok ? Gus do not say it back . hazel laugh . hazel this be what it feel like to ride in a car with you . Gus grab hazel 's hand as the plane lift off . he look out the window - they be fly ! - and then back to hazel . gus we be fly ! look ! hazel smile at he enthusiasm . 61 . gus Holy -- look at that ?! nothing have ever looked like that ever in all of human history ! he 's adorable at this moment . hazel can not resist lean over to give he a kiss on the cheek . frannie ( not look up from she magazine ) just so you know , I be right here . sitting next to you . you mother . hazel we be just friend , Mom . gus she be . I be not . hazel shoot he a look . Gus shrug - " what , it 's the truth . " hazel just shake she head . CUT to : later . mid-flight , the plane be dark , frannie 's asleep . hazel and Gus watch the same gory action movie . actually , he watch the movie . she just watch he watch it . he watch it with gusto . hazel continue to watch he . try as she might , she 's fall in love . CUT to : sfx : the plane touch down . CUT to : ext / int amsterdam highway - taxi cab - morning hazel , Gus , and frannie ride in the back of a yellow cab . cab driver Americans ? frannie we be from Indiana . cab driver Indiana . they steal from the Indians but the keep the name , yes ? hazel and Gus share a look . hazel something like that . meanwhile , the landscape outside be flat and dusty , with dirt track and the occasional concrete building . in other word , it look more like Indianapolis than Holland . hazel ( to the Driver ) this be Amsterdam ? 62 . cab driver yes and no . Amsterdam be like the ring of a tree . it get older as you get closer to the center . soon enough , the cab take a off-ramp and turn a corner and suddenly , it 's as if they be transport - not only to another universe but to another time as well . we see multi - colored row house line on both side of a windy canal . houseboat float against the edge and everyone ride bicycle down cobblestone street . they be astound . int HOTEL - later Gus help hazel and frannie bring they stuff into the room . we see a wicker basket of gift - present from the geny - welcoming they arrival . hazel , exhaust , sit on the bed . gus I will be right down the hall . hazel nod , already drift off to sleep . CUT to : int HOTEL room - hour later some time later . hazel stir . her Mom be seat in a sagging , paisley chair across from the bed read a TRAVEL guide . hazel good morning . frannie actually , it 's five o'clock . hazel how be the park ? frannie never make it . hazel Mom ! frannie what ? I like watch you sleep . hazel shoot frannie a look . even in a exotic city , she Mom still can not enjoy herself . frannie I promise I will do crazy Mom stuff tonight while you and Gus be at dinner . hazel what do you mean ? 63. frannie you have reservation at a place call oranjee . Mr. Van houten set it up . very fancy accord to the Book . and romantic . hazel Mom ... frannie I be just say ... hazel a 16 year old girl run free with a older boy on the street of a foreign city famous for its vice and debauchery ... be totally cool with you . be that what you be say ? frannie ( beat , excited ) let 's get you dress ! hazel just shake she head . CUT to : int HOTEL room - later frannie open the door to find Gus in a perfectly tailore black suit , cigarette dangle from he mouth . frannie ( call to the bathroom ) hazel ! Gus be here . ( to gus ) look sharp . gus thank you mar 'am . a few beat later hazel emerge from the bathroom . she wear a knee-length , pale blue sundress . and she look ... gus wow . hazel I ... ( beat ) be I under-dressed ? gus you look gorgeous . Gus offer hazel he arm . she take it . they be ready to go . 64 . int / ext amsterdam - on the tram - later hazel and Gus ride the crowded tram through the city . elm tree line the canal , they pale petal blow into the wind like a spring snowstorm . a old couple stand to give up they seat - this happen all the time . hazel again try to protest and again it fall on deaf ear . she and Gus sit . they look out the window onto the city . excite . the night just beginning . ext oranjee restaurant - later at the edge of the canal , near a ancient bridge . hazel and Gus be show to a table right next to the water . hostess you table , Mr. and Mrs. Waters . Gus pull out hazel 's chair for she . a waiter bring they a bottle of champagne as they sit . hostess the champagne be we gift . hazel and Gus look at each other . be this a dream ? the champagne be pour and Gus raise he glass . gus ok . hazel raise hers . hazel ok . they clink glass and sip . hazel wow that 's good . waiter do you know what dom perignon say after he invent champagne ? ( beat ) ` come quickly , ' he say . ` I be taste the star !' hazel and Gus smile . waiter welcome to oranjee . would you like a menu or will you have the chef 's choice ? Gus look at hazel . she shrug . 65 . gus the chef 's choice sound lovely . ( the waiter nod ) and can we get more of this ? waiter we have bottled all the star for you this evening , my young friend . the waiter leave . hazel and Gus look at each other . gus thank you for come to Amsterdam . hazel thank you for let I hijack you wish . gus thank you for wear that dress which be like whoa . hazel shake she head , try not to smile but unable not to . the waiter bring two more glass of champagne and a plate : waiter belgian white asparagus with a lavender infusion . hazel take a bite . hazel oh my god . gus yeah ? Gus take a bite . hazel I mean ... gus that be just ... hazel there be no word . meanwhile , down on the water a boat pass , fill with merry , drink local . one of they raise a glass to they and say something in dutch . gus ( shout back ) we do not speak dutch ! another local she say , " the beautiful couple be beautiful ! " 66 . hazel and Gus smile . this night could not be go any better so far . CUT to : later . hazel and Gus enjoy they second course . gus I want this dragon carrot risotto to become a person so I can take it to Vegas and marry it . hazel lean back in she chair , in need of a breather . hazel I like you suit . gus thanks . first time wear it . hazel that be not the suit you wear to funeral ? gus oh no . that one 's not nearly this nice . ( off she look ) when I first find out I be sick - I mean , they tell I I have like a 85 % chance to be cancer -free . great odd , sure . but that mean a year of torture , the loss of my leg , and still a 15 % chance it might fail . ( beat ) so right before the surgery I ask my parent if I could buy a suit , like a really nice suit , just in case I do not make it . hazel it 's you death suit . gus that 's what it be . hazel I have one of that . buy it for my 15th birthday . do not think I would wear it on a date , though . gus be we on a date ? hazel ( cock she head ) watch it . Gus wink . CUT to : later . dessert on the table . as they euphorically eat : 67 . gus God ? hazel maybe . gus angel ? hazel undecide . gus afterlife ? hazel no. well ... ( beat ) maybe I would not go so far as to say no . I just ... I would like some evidence . ( gus nods ) what do you think ? gus absolutely . hazel really ? gus oh for sure . I mean , not like a heaven where you ride unicorn , play harp , and live in a mansion make of cloud but , yeah , I believe in something . hazel be surprised . gus something become of we . it have to . otherwise what 's the point ? hazel maybe there be no point . gus I refuse to accept that . ( beat ) I will not accept it . hazel think about it . she appreciate he conviction but be still not sure she agree . the hand they have be deal too unfair . hazel look out at the water as she say : hazel I hope you be right . gus I be in love with you . 68 . that get she attention . gus you hear I . hazel augustus -- gus I be in love with you . and I know that love be just a shout into the void , and that oblivion be inevitable , and that we be all doom and that there will come a day when all we labor have be return to dust , and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we will ever have , and I be in love with you . ( shrug , matter - of - fact ) sorry . at which point , the waiter reappear . waiter more star ? hazel be still too speechless to respond , she eye fix on gus. eventually Gus answer for they . gus just the check , please . waiter no , sir . ( beat ) you meal have be pay for by Mr. Van houten . Gus raise he eyebrow at hazel . this Van houten guy be something else . ext amsterdam canal - later hazel and Gus on a park bench , he arm around she , look out over the water . seed blow from the elm tree and the reflection of the city ripple in the water below they . hazel lean into he body , just a little . they stay like that , savore the best night of both of they life . CUT to : ext amsterdam - HOTEL - establishing a crisp spring morning in Amsterdam . the buzz in the air outside be equalle by the buzz in : 69 . int HOTEL room - same where hazel excitedly pace through the room . frannie I really do not get that shirt . hazel wear a screen print t-shirt of magritte 's " ceci n'est pas Une pipe . " ( a painting of a pipe with word below that mean " this be not a pipe . " ) hazel Van houten will get it . trust I . there be like fifty magritte reference in " Imperial affliction . " frannie ( reading ) " this be not a pipe . " hazel exactly . frannie but it be a pipe . hazel no it 's not . it 's a draw of a pipe . see ? ( she doesn 't ) all representation of a thing be inherently abstract . a draw of a thing be not the thing itself . nor be a t-shirt of a draw of a thing the thing itself . frannie be still at a loss but she 's impressed . frannie when do you get so grow up ? I feel like it be yesterday I be tell 8 - year old hazel why the sky be blue . you think I be a genius back then . hazel why be the sky blue ? frannie ( beat ) because I say so . a knock on the door . Gus poke he head in . gus who 's ready for some answer ! 70 . ext . vondelstraat row house - later Gus and hazel stand outside Van houten 's white house . hazel I be so excited I can barely breathe . gus as oppose to other day ...? she playfully hit he . he take she arm , pick up the oxygen tank , and up they go towards he front door . as they approach , there 's a noticeable noise come from inside the house . it 's the deep thump of a bass beat . loud . like , obnoxiously loud . hazel grab the brass ornament and knock . they wait . there 's no response . gus maybe he can not hear over the music ? Gus try again , this time with more force . still nothing . he try a third time . finally , the music stop . they wait . still excited . a moment later the door swing open . it 's a man in pajamas ( 60 ) , with a huge potbelly , thinning hair , and a week - old beard . all he say be : man in pajamas what ?! Gus and hazel look to one another . could it be ? gus Mr. Van houten ? at which point , the pajama man slam the door in they face . hazel and Gus be too stunne to react . through the close door , they hear this : man in pajamas ( o.s. ) ( shout ) leee-duh-vigh ! woman' voice ( o.s. ) be they here , Peter ? so it be peter van houten . Gus and hazel can not believe it . man in pajamas ( o.s. ) there be two -- ( beat ) who the hell 's " they ? " 71 . woman' voice ( o.s. ) they be augustus and hazel , the young fan with whom you have be corresponding . Gus and hazel smile at hearing they name . perhaps this will help thing take a turn for the better . man in pajamas ( o.s. ) the Americans ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) you invite they , remember ? man in pajamas ( o.s. ) you know why I leave America , lidewij ? to never have to encounter Americans . get rid of they . hazel and Gus can not believe it . this be terrible ! woman' voice ( o.s. ) I will not do this Peter . be nice . at which point , the door open - open by the woman whose voice they would be hearing - Van houten 's assistant lidewij ( 30 , dutch , pretty in a bookish way ) . she virtually shove Van houten towards a stunne Gus and hazel . and they be again face - to- face with Van houten . one beat , two beat . no one know what to say . finally : van houten which of you be augustus Waters ? Gus raise he hand tentatively . Van houten size they up . without another word , he turn and walk inside - at least this time , leave the door ajar . lidewij please . I be sorry . come in . hazel and Gus share one more awkward glance before Gus take a step . hazel follow . they walk : int van houten be home - same lidewij lead Gus and hazel into a live room so sterile it 's creepy . the wall be empty and white , there 's a single couch , a small ottoman , and a single lounge chair . that 's it . Van houten sit in the chair . off to the side be two large black garbage bag , full and twist-ty . hazel trash ? 72 . lidewij fan mail . 18 year worth . he never open it . Van houten kick he foot up on the ottoman and cross he slipper . he motion for they to sit on the couch . van houten your be the first missive to which I have reply and look where that get I . hazel and Gus take they seat . van houten scotch ? hazel um , no thanks . van houten augustus Waters ? gus it 's 11am . van houten just I then , lidewij . scotch and soda . lidewij perhaps some breakfast first Peter ? van houten she think I have a drink problem . lidewij I also think the Earth be round . nevertheless , lidewij pour Peter half a glass and hand it to he . he take a sip , then sit up straight . van houten so you like my book . hazel yes . we - well , augustus , he make meeting you he wish so that we could come here and talk to you . Van houten say nothing . take a long pull on he drink . van houten do you dress like she on purpose ? hazel ( look at she shirt ) kinda . 73. Van houten say nothing to that . van houten I do not have a drink problem . I have a churchillian relationship with alcohol : I can crack joke and govern England and do anything I want to do . except not drink . he glance over at lidewij , who dutifully refill he glass . gus incidentally , thank you for dinner last night . van houten ( to lidewij ) we buy they dinner last night ? lidewij it be we pleasure . van houten ( sigh ) you have come a long way so ... what be it I can do for you ? hazel we have some question -- van houten uh-huh ... hazel about what happen , you know ... after ... the end of you book . specifically to that who Anna leave behind . like she Mom , the dutch tulip man , sisy -- van houten ( interrupting ) how familiar be you with swedish hip -hop ? hazel look at Gus . be he kid ? hazel I would say ... limited ? van houten but presumably you know afasi och filthy 's seminal album " flacken . " gus um ... van houten lidewij ! play ` bomfalleralla ' immediately . 74 . lidewij sigh but she do as she 's tell . a few second later , some loud swedish rap song blast from the speaker . hazel and Gus sit through this , totally baffle . hazel ( yell over the music ) I be sorry , sir . we do not speak swedish . van houten ( yelling ) who the hell speak swedish ? the important thing be not what nonsense the voice be say , but what the voice be feel . the song continue another awkward ten second or so before Gus have enough . he get up and turn off the music . gus be you mess with we ? van houten pardon ? gus be this some kind of performance ? van houten Rudolf otto say that if you have not encounter the numinous then he work be not for you . and I say to you , my friend , if you cannot hear afasi och filthy 's bravadic response to fearfulness , then my work be not for you . hazel be really get worried at this point . they come all this way for this ? hazel so anyway ... when the book end , Anna 's mom -- van houten ( raise a hand to silence her ) let we imagine that you be racing a tortoise . hazel and Gus fidget in they seat . lidewij frown , clearly feel bad for they . Van houten continue . van houten the tortoise have a ten yard head start . in the time it take you to run ten yard , the tortoise have move maybe one yard . and so on , forever . ( more ) 75 . van houten ( cont 'd ) you be faster than the tortoise but you can never catch he , you see , you can only decrease he lead . now certainly you can run past the tortoise as long as you do not contemplate the mechanic involved but the question of how turn out to be so complicated that no one really solve it until cantor 's proof that some infinity be bigger than other infinity . hazel and Gus have no idea how to respond . van houten I assume that answer you question . gus ( to hazel ) I do not know what 's go on . van houten and yet you seem so intelligent in print , Mr. Waters . ( under he breath ) must be all that cancer in you brain . lidewij Peter ! Gus could throw a punch right now . hazel try to calm the situation . hazel can we please , maybe , talk about Anna for a sec ? I mean , I understand that the story end mid- sentence because she die or she become too sick to continue -- van houten I be not interested in talk about that book . hazel - but that do not mean she family and everyone she love do not have a future , right ? van houten I say I be not interested -- hazel ( getting upset ) but you promise ! ( calm herself ) ( more ) 76 . hazel ( cont 'd ) Mr. Van houten , you say you would tell we what happen and that 's why we be here . we ... I need you tell I . surely you have think about it . I mean , as character -- van houten nothing happen to they ! they be fiction . they cease to exist the moment the novel be over . this be not what hazel come all this way to hear . she will not accept it . hazel they can not ! ( again , have to calm herself ) I mean , I understand . in a literary sense . but it 's impossible not to imagine some future -- van houten I can not do this . lidewij , get rid of they , please . ( lidewij do not move , he turn back to hazel ) I will not indulge you childish whim . I refuse to pity you in the manner in which you be accustom . hazel I do not want you pity -- van houten of course you do . like all sick kid , you existence depend on it . lidewij Peter ! van houten ( on a roll ) you be fated to live out you day as the child you be when diagnose , the child who believe there be life after a novel end . and we , as adult , we pity this , so we pay for you treatment , for you oxygen machine . we give you food and water though you be unlikely to live long enough -- lidewij peter ! van houten you be a side effect of a evolutionary process that care little for individual life . ( more ) 77 . van houten ( cont 'd ) you be a fail experiment in mutation . lidewij I resign ! lidewij have tear in she eye . Gus have ball he fist . but not hazel . Van houten 's word have not phase she one bit . she rise from the couch . hazel hey listen douchepant . you be not gonna tell I anything I do not already know about illness . I need one thing and one thing only from you before I walk out of you life and that 's for you to tell I what happen to you goddman character ! van houten ( beat ) I can not tell you . hazel bullshit ! van houten I cannot -- Van houten go to take a drink but ... hazel make something up . ... hazel smack it right the fuck out of he hand , surprising everyone . after a beat : van houten lidewij . I will have a martini please . lidewij I have resign . van houten oh do not be ridiculous . no one move . Van houten realize he 's alone in this . van houten I would like you to leave now . hazel you be really not gonna tell we ? van houten I would like you ... to leave . 78 . hazel be furious . Gus stand next to she , touch she arm be if to say " come on , enough of this guy . " CUT to : ext van houten' house - same Gus and hazel come out of the house , practically shaking . as they get to the street , Van houten have one more thing to say . van houten have you ever stop to ask why you care so much about you silly question ? a beat . hazel go fuck yourself . Van houten do not have a response to that . he just shut the door . and when he do , that 's when hazel get emotional . gus hey . it 's ok . it 's ok ... ( beat , a idea ) I will write you a sequel . ( she cry harder ) I will . better than any shit that drunk could write . with blood and gut and sacrifice . you will love it . hazel nod , then wipe away tear . she fake a smile and Gus give she a hug . afterwards : hazel I spend you wish on that asshole . gus you do not spend it on he . you spend it on we . they embrace once more . hazel I want ... gus I know ... I know . apparently the world be not a wish - granting factory . this get a real smile from hazel . that 's when lidewij come outside . clearly she 's be cry too . lidewij I be so sorry . circumstance have make he cruel . I think meeting you would help he , if he would see that he work have shape real life , but ... I be very sorry . 79 . hazel say nothing . Gus hold she in a very protective way . lidewij perhaps we can do some sightseeing . have you see the Anne Frank House ? gus I be not go anywhere with that monster . lidewij he be not invite . ext anne frank house - later lidewij walk back from the ticket kiosk with more bad news . lidewij I be afraid there 's no elevator . hazel oh , um , that 's alright . lidewij no , there be many stair . steep stair . hazel I can do it . gus hazel -- hazel I can do it ! hazel be not go to stand for any more disappointment today . they be go inside . CUT to : int anne frank house - ground floor - moment later a video play on a monitor show the Nazi invasion of Holland . hazel and Gus stand with lidewij in a pack of backpacker and traveler about to take the tour . many of they begin to walk up the first flight of stair . lidewij shall we ? hazel nod . both hazel and Gus walk slowly up the stair . so far so good . they find themselves in a office space . lidewij this be the bookcase that hide the Frank family and four other . the bookcase be half open . behind it be a even steeper set of stair , only wide enough for one person at a time . 80 . some of the traveler begin to walk up the stair . Gus look at hazel - be you sure we should continue ? she begin the climb , determine . lidewij trail behind , carry she oxygen tank . hazel move very slowly . we be aware of she labor breathe the entire time . angle on other tourist , watch and quietly comment . just like at the airport , except now in foreign language . hazel arrive on the next floor - a empty room . she 's definitely start to struggle . she lean against the wall to catch she breath . Gus come to she side , wipe she brow . gus you be a champion . hazel smile . when she 's feel up to it they walk into the next room , also empty . and another staircase , even more narrow and steep - practically a ladder . when Gus see this he look at hazel : gus that 's enough -- hazel ( resolute ) I be ok . hazel very slowly begin the climb . again we be aware of she every breath . it 's dark . and it 's become very difficult . near the top hazel stumble but be finally able to pull herself through . once there , she fall to the floor , slumping against the wall , try to catch she breath . Gus crouch next to she . gus we be at the top . that 's it . hazel become aware that tourist look at she with concern . she smile , stand up , nothing to see here . and now they be in the final room - a long , narrow hallway . this be where Anne Frank and 7 other people live in hide for as long as they could . there 's a time line detail they story . lidewij the only member of the whole family to survive be otto , Anne 's father . Gus take hazel 's hand . lidewij I do not know how you go on , without you family . 81 . lidewij stay behind to study part of the exhibit . Gus lead hazel into the room at the end of the hallway where a video detail the last day of Anne Frank 's life . over it , we hear a young girl 's voice read from the diary . the traveler stand to watch and listen . Gus and hazel do the same . the room be dark . girl voice ( o.s. ) " at such moment 's , I do not think about the misery ... " Gus and hazel stand very closely together . the video be the cherry on top of a very emotional day . hazel watch it . girl voice ( o.s. ) " ... but about the beauty that still remain . " Gus , meanwhile , be just watch hazel , the same way she watch he on the airplane . after a beat , she catch he . they eye meet . the emotion build ... girl voice ( o.s. ) " try to recapture the happiness within yourself . think of all the beauty in everything around you ... and be happy . " and hazel kiss Gus . a most passionate , intense , you - and - I - against - the-world kind of kiss , better than any they have experience or could even imagine . it seem to last for a small eternity . eventually , they break away and open they eye . they quickly notice all the traveler stare at they . for a brief second , they wonder if that be a very inappropriate thing to do ... when suddenly everyone start clap for they , move by the whole thing . one european even shout " bravo ! " hazel blushes , Gus smile , bow , he grab she hand . CUT to : int gus' HOTEL room - later they fall onto Gus 's bed , kissing . hazel be very in the moment and now it 's Gus who seem nervous . as they kiss : gus it 's above my knee . she ignore he , more kissing . she take off he shirt . gus it taper a little and then it 's just skin -- hazel what ? 82. hazel pull away from he . gus my leg . ( beat ) just so you be prepare -- hazel oh get over yourself . hazel kiss he again . now he try to pull she shirt off but it get tangle in with she oxygen tube . he can not figure it out . eventually the whole thing be hilarious to they . they shake they head - laugh - certainly not you typical Hollywood movie moment . and yet , for they : hazel I love you , augustus Waters . gus I love you too , hazel Grace . they resume kissing . and we CUT to : int HOTEL room - morning Gus wake up in the bed . he look around for hazel but she be not there . on the bed be a piece of paper . a note . it read : " dearest augustus ... " beneath that be a big circle , label " virgin . " and in that circle be a smaller second circle label " 17 year old dude with one leg . " we will notice part of that circle be now outside the bigger circle . Gus flash that signature smile . ext cafe - day hazel and Gus sit with frannie drink coffee in the sun at a outdoor cafe . they be re-enact yesterday 's event . hazel " get up you fat bastard . " gus " I can not stand up , I be too drunk . " hazel I say " get up . " gus " stand be for fool ! " hazel God , what a asshole . they both giggle at the whole thing . 83. hazel it be awful , Mom . you can not imagine . frannie and then what happen ? hazel then we go to the Anne Frank museum . frannie and after that ? a quick glance between hazel and Gus . hazel we just ... walk around . hazel and Gus smile , thoroughly in love but try to keep it in check in front of she mother . frannie sound lovely . a few beat later . frannie listen ... I be gonna stretch my leg a little . give the two of you some time to talk . hazel ( that's weird ) um ... ok ... as she stand up to leave , hazel think she catch Gus and frannie make eye contact for a brief second . once frannie have leave they : hazel that be weird . Gus do not respond except to say : gus shall we ? ext amsterdam STREET - later they start to walk . Gus take a cigarette out of he pack , stick it between he lip . hazel notice he 's struggle with something . hazel augustus ? 84 . gus there 's something I have to tell you ... they walk in silence a few beat . gus just before you go into the hospital ... there be this ... I feel this ... ache in my hip . hazel grab onto he arm , a lump already form . hazel oh no ... Gus take the cigarette out of he mouth , clenches he tooth tightly , try not to cry . gus I have a pet scan . Gus sit down on a bench . look up at she . tries to smile . before he even say it , she know . gus it light up like a Christmas tree , hazel ... hazel oh god . gus the lining of my chest , my liver ... everywhere . hazel oh my god no ! hazel lose it in that moment , fall on top of he , hugging he for dear life , she head in he lap . hazel I be so sorry , augustus . I be so so sorry -- gus I be sorry too -- hazel it 's so unfair -- gus I should have tell you -- hazel it 's so fuck unfair ! a beat . Gus still try not to cry . 85 . gus apparently the world be ... not a wish - granting factory . and at that point , Gus let it go , let himself cry and be sad and feel awful . but just for a second . then he shake it off , pull hazel 's face up to he , try again to smile through the tear . gus do not you worry about I , hazel Grace . I will find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time . she hug he , perhaps a little too tightly . he wince . hazel do it hurt ? gus it 's ok . ( beat ) I be ok . hazel ok . gus ok . but of course it 's not ok . not by a mile . hazel take a moment to look at he , touch he cheek . gus what ? hazel I be just ... I be very fond of you . he grab she hand and hold it . gus I do not suppose you can forget about it , treat I like I be not die . hazel I do not think you be die , augustus . you have just get a touch of cancer . Gus nod . squeeze she hand . gus would it be absolutely ludicrous to make out right now ? 86 . hazel do not answer . she just kiss he , hard . and on the two of they , so in love , we CUT to : int airplane - later hazel lay on Gus 's shoulder as he stare out the window , leave Amsterdam behind . int indianapolis airport - baggage claim - day as they ride down the escalator , hazel see Michael stand amongst the livery driver . he hold a sign that say - instead of someone 's last name - " my beautiful family ( and Gus ) . " upon see they , he immediately start to cry of course . he kiss he wife , give hazel a big hug . Gus go to shake he hand but Michael hug he as well . CUT to : int hazel' live room - that night hazel sit with she father on the couch . hazel Gus have a recurrence . michael ( nods ) Mrs. Waters tell we the night before you leave . ( beat ) I be sorry hazel . they sit for a beat . tear form in Michael 's eye . hazel you be not gonna say it ? michael what 's that ? hazel the usual . " everything happen for a reason ... " Michael shake he head . michael I do not know , haze . ( beat ) I always think be a adult mean know what you believe ... ( beat ) ... that have not be my experience . hazel understand exactly . CUT to : 87 . int gus' basement bedroom - day Gus lay in bed , eye open , a picc line now be feed through a port in he chest . chemotherapy at work . hazel and Isaac be keep he company . hazel how be you eye ? isaac great . wonderful . I mean , they be not in my head be the only problem . gus I hate to one - up you but ... seem my entire body be make out of cancer now , so ... Isaac nod . tries not to get emotional but it 's happen . he go to touch Gus 's arm and accidentally touch he thigh . gus whoa , I be take . Isaac laugh . isaac ( to hazel , be : Gus ) do you write he eulogy yet ? hazel be confuse . gus dude . isaac what ? gus I have not ask she . isaac oh. ( beat ) oops . hazel what be you talk about ? isaac my bad . hazel ( still confuse ) augustus ? Gus look at she , grow a little serious . 88. gus I need speaker at my funeral . I think maybe you and Isaac ... but especially you -- isaac hey ! gus would you be kind enough to whip something up ? hazel ( touch he hand ) it would be a honor . they hold hold . isaac you guy be adorable . hazel play slap Isaac on the arm . hazel how 's you love life ? anything from monica ? isaac not a word . hazel she have not even like , texted to ask how you be do ? he shake he head . Gus get a angry look on he face . hazel that be so mess up ! isaac I have stop think about it . move on . there 's a new girl in support Group with this humongous - Isaac gesture to he chest . hazel be confuse . hazel how do you even know that ? isaac I be blind but I be not that blind . gus hazel Grace ! they turn to he . gus do you happen to have four dollar ? 89 . no one know what that mean . CUT to : int hazel be car - later Gus be in the passenger 's seat . Isaac sit in the back . hazel return to the car . with a carton of egg . hazel ok now what ? Gus smile . CUT to : ext suburban STREET - moment later hazel , Gus , and Isaac lean against hazel 's car stare something down . isaac be it there ? gus oh it 's there . reveal they be look at monica 's green firebird . isaac she 's in the house ? gus who care where she be ? this be not about she . this be about you . ( stick out he hand ) hazel ... hazel nod , open the egg carton , hand Gus a egg . Gus put it in Isaac 's hand . position Isaac - who , of course , can not see a thing - towards the firebird . Isaac wind up and toss the egg . it miss the car by a mile . after a beat : isaac I do not hear anything . gus a little to the leave . isaac my throw be to the leave or I should aim to the leave ? gus aim leave . Isaac turn he shoulder . 90 . gus lefter . Isaac turn some more . gus yes ! excellent ! and throw hard . Gus hand he a second egg . Isaac wind up and hurl it - miss the car again but hit the house . gus bullseye ! isaac really ? gus no you miss it by like 20 foot . ( hand he a third ) try one more time . Isaac hurl it , this time smash the car 's taillight . Isaac 's face light up . hazel woo hoo ! Isaac grab for another egg . throw it . then another . he 's a throw machine . most of they miss but at least he 's enjoy himself . finally there 's a direct hit on the car door , trigger the alarm . Isaac pause . gus keep throw , keep throw ! Isaac do . Gus smile , put a unlit cigarette in he mouth . hazel watch he , enjoy this moment . eventually , monica's mom open the front door and come out . monica's mom what in God 's name -- see hazel , Gus , and Isaac , she stop in she track . gus be you monica 's mom ? monica's mom ( confuse ) I be . gus hello mar 'am . you daughter have do a injustice and we have come here seek revenge . we may not look like much . between the three of we , we have five leg , four eye , and two and a half work lung . ( more ) 91 . gus ( cont 'd ) but we also have two dozen egg . so if I be you , I would go back inside . monica 's Mom be very confuse . a beat . without another word , she turn and go back inside . the three of they celebrate . as Isaac pick up where he leave off , hazel gently kiss Gus on the cheek . and over we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) a few day later , Gus land in the hospital with chest pain . int hospital - waiting room - day hazel bound in to find Mrs. Waters in the wait room . she stand to hug hazel . they both sit down . hazel how 's he do ? mrs . water he 's have a tough night , hazel . his blood pressure 's low . his heart -- Mrs. Waters start to cry . hazel what about the chemo ? mrs . water ( shake she head ) they be gonna stop the chemo . they both know what that mean . Mrs. Waters gather herself . hazel can I see he ? mrs . water ( beat ) we have to be a family now . hazel nod . she understand . mrs . water we will tell he you be here . hazel if you do not mind , I will just hang for a while . Mrs. Waters nod , hug she again , walk out through the heavy door towards Gus 's room . hazel sit in the chair . same chair Gus sit in while wait for she . they have switch place . 92 . ext indianapolis museum of art - day hazel push Gus , now confine to a wheelchair , to they spot on the hill overlook " funky Bones . " a second picnic , this time with champagne . hazel pour some for they both into little winnie the pooh cup . she 's try to be upbeat - but it 's difficult . Gus watch the kid play on the bone . hazel what be you think about ? gus oblivion . hazel augustus ... gus I know it 's kid 's stuff but ... I always think I would have a grand story to tell , you know ? something that would run in all the papers . I always think I be special . hazel you be . gus yeah but ... you know what I mean . hazel , annoyed finish she cup , toss it to the side . Gus can tell he 's say something wrong . gus what ? hazel I do know what you mean , I just ... I do not agree . hazel stand up , anger building . hazel this obsession with be remembered -- gus do not get mad -- hazel but I be mad ! ( beat ) I think you be special , be that not enough ? gus hazel -- 93. hazel you think the only way to live a meaningful life be for everyone to love you , for everyone to remember you . well guess what , Gus , this be you life . this be all you get . you get I , and you family , and this world . and if that 's not enough , well I be sorry , but it 's not nothing . Cause I will remember you , I will love you -- gus you be right -- hazel and I just wish ... I just wish you would be happy with that . gus you be right . I be sorry . ( pull she back down ) I be sorry . Gus hand hazel another winnie the pooh cup . raise he to hers in a toast . gus it 's a good life , hazel Grace . she soften . they toast . hazel it 's not over yet , you know . Gus nod . of course it be not . and yet they both know there be not much time . CUT to : int hazel' bedroom - another night hazel be asleep . suddenly , she phone buzze . she look at it - " Gus " - then she look at the clock - 2:35 be . a pit grow in she stomach . a quick panicked beat before she answer : hazel hello ? gus ( o.s. ) ( weakly ) hazel Grace . hazel ( relieved ) oh , thank God . hi . hi , I love you ! gus ( o.s. ) I be at the gas station -- 94 . hazel what ? gus ( o.s. ) something 's wrong . you gotta ... please come help I . int / ext hazel be car - moment later hazel drive like a maniac down the street , eventually find herself at the speedway gas station . Gus 's car be alone in the parking lot and she pull up next to it . she get out of she car , open he driver 's side door , and find he sit there , he shirt stain with vomit and blood . she gag from the smell . gus ( mumbling ) hi. hazel look down at he hand which be press tightly to he belly . she see something be leak from the tube stick out of it . hazel ( panicked ) oh , God , augustus , I be call 911 . gus no! please ! hazel , listen to I . do not call 911 or my parent -- I will never forgive you -- do not , please . Gus start to cry . gus please just look at it . hazel lift up he shirt . his abdomen be bright red . hazel I think it 's infect ... hazel feel he forehead , he 's burn up . hazel Gus , what the -- why be you here ? why be not you home ? Gus throw up . he do not even have the energy to turn he mouth away from he lap . hazel oh , sweetie ... gus I want to buy some cigarettes . I lose my pack . or they take it . ( more ) 95 . gus ( cont 'd ) I do not know . they say they would get I another one but I want ... to do it myself . do one little thing myself . hazel do not know what to do . hazel I can not fix this . I have to call someone . I be sorry . gus no , hazel , please ! but she must . she get out she cell phone and dial . at which point , Gus really lose it , weep like the poison , die teenage boy that he be . as hazel dial , we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) I wish I could say augustus Waters keep he sense of humor till the end , do not for a moment waiver in he courage and he spirit soar like a eagle to the sky ... gus ( to himself , shaking ) I hate myself I hate myself I hate this I hate this ... hazel ( v.o. ) ... but that be not what happen . later . a emt load Gus into the back of a ambulance . hazel be allow to ride with he in the back . as the car start move , Gus grab she hand . gus read I something . hazel read you something ? gus do you know any poem ? hazel I know one . gus read it to I . hazel " the Red wheelbarrow " by William carlos Williams . ( beat , try to remember ) " so much depend / upon / a red wheel / barrow / glaze with rain / water / beside the white / chicken . " 96 . gus ( beat ) be that it ? that be it . but there 's another ten minute of drive to do . hazel think fast . hazel no of course not . um ... what else ... ( thinks ) so much depend / upon a blue sky / cut open by the branch / of the tree . / so much depend / on the transparent g-tube / erupting from the belly / of the blue- lipped boy . Gus smile , weakly , barely conscious . hazel cradle he head in she arm . and continue ... hazel so much depend upon this observer / of the universe ... as Gus be drift off to sleep , we hear : hazel ( v.o. ) one of the less bull - shitty convention of the cancer genre be the convention know as the " last good Day ... " ext gus' house - another day Gus come home from the hospital . he do not look good - but he life . hazel be there to help get he inside . int gus' house - another day Gus no longer sleep in he basement . nor do he sleep in he own bed . he sleep in a hospital bed set up in a guest room . hazel be with he . they be watch sport on tv . hazel ( v.o. ) this be where the victim of cancer find himself unexpectedly with some hour ... ext gus' backyard porch - another day hazel and Gus get some fresh air . she sit there read a book . Gus just sit there . his eye stare off into nothing . hazel wave to he . Gus look over , as if waking from a dream . she manage a smile . he manage one back . 97 . hazel ( v.o. ) ... when it seem like the inexorable decline have suddenly plateaue , when the pain be for a minute bearable . int hazel' dine room - another day hazel sit at dinner with she parent . she be barely touch she food . hazel ( v.o. ) the problem , of course , be that there 's no way of know that you last good day be you " last good Day . " at the time , it 's just another decent day . the phone buzze and hazel answer it . hazel hi , augustus . gus ( o.s. ) good evening , hazel Grace . his voice be strong today , and hazel be happy to hear it . gus ( o.s. ) Quick question for you . do you ever write that eulogy I ask you to prepare ? hazel I may have ... gus excellent . do you think you could find yourself at the literal heart of Jesus in 20 minute . hazel um ... sure . be everything -- gus ( o.s. ) I love you hazel . the call end . hazel , confuse , stand to go . hazel I gotta go . frannie finish eat first . hazel I can not , I have to meet Gus . 98 . frannie you have not eat a thing . hazel I be not hungry . frannie you can not not eat , hazel . hazel I be aggressively unhungry , ok ? michael hazel -- hazel I have to go . frannie sit down . hazel no ! michael hazel , listen to you mother . hazel try to push past she but frannie grab she shoulder . frannie you have to eat , hazel . you be not gonna starve yourself to death just because Gus be sick . you have to stay healthy -- hazel I can not ! I can not stay healthy because I be not healthy , Mom . I be die . I be go to die and leave you here alone and you will not have I to hover around and you will not be a mother anymore , and I be sorry , but I can not do anything about it , ok ?! just leave I alone ! upon see she mother 's face change , hazel immediately regret this . frannie you hear I ? frannie have tear in she eye . hazel look away , feel terrible . frannie you hear I say that to you father ? frannie sit down on the couch with she daughter . 99 . frannie oh god , sweetie . I be sorry . I be wrong , ok ? it be not true . it 's not something I believe . Michael sit across from they . frannie as long as either of we be alive , I will be you mother . even if you die , I -- hazel when . frannie even when you die , I will still be you mother . I will always be you mother . by now Michael be cry too . they all be . hazel I worry that you will not have a life . that you will sit around all day with no I to look after and stare at the wall and be miserable or off yourselves or something . frannie we be not gonna off ourselves . it 's gonna hurt like hell to lose you but -- michael hazel . you of all people know it 's possible to live with pain . she take that in . it ring true to she . hazel nod . frannie I do not just sit around , you know . hazel be confuse . frannie look at Michael like , " should I say something ? " she go for it . frannie I be take some class . Online . to get my master 's in social work . hazel you be ? hazel be stunne . hazel so when you be wait for I outside support Group or whatever , you be always -- 100 . frannie work or read . if I get my msw , I can council family in crisis or lead group deal with illness -- hazel why do not you tell I ? frannie and Michael do not quite know what to say . michael we do not want you to feel abandoned -- hazel be you kid ? Mom , this be awesome ! this be fantastic ! oh my god ! hazel grab she Mom for a hug . hazel I be so excited ! you be gonna be so great , Mom ! frannie thank you . that mean everything to I . Mom and daughter hug . and when it 's over : frannie I would still really like you to eat . hazel I know Mom . and I will . I promise . but right now ... I really gotta go . int church - later hazel enter the literal heart of Jesus room which be now empty except for Isaac , up on a dais , and Gus , in he wheelchair . Gus be thin than we have ever see he , thin than any young man should be . but for now , he 's happy . gus hazel Grace , you look ravish . hazel I know , right ? ( beat ) so , um , what 's go on guy ? isaac you be late . hazel late for what exactly ? 101 . Gus gesture for she to sit next to he and she do . gus I want to attend my funeral . by the way , will you speak at my funeral ? hazel look at he like " of course , silly " and then kiss he on the mouth . gus sweet . I be hopeful I will get to attend as a ghost , but just to make sure , I think I would - well , not to put you on the spot , but I think I would arrange a pre-funeral . hazel why now ? gus no time like the present . hazel ( look around the room ) how do you even get in here ? gus would you believe they leave the door open at night ? hazel um , no . gus as well you should not . he smile and for a brief moment it 's old Gus . hazel laugh . Isaac clear he throat . isaac " augustus Waters be a self - aggrandize bastard . but we forgive he . we forgive he ... not because he have a heart as figuratively good as he actual one suck , or because he get 18 year when he should have get more . " gus 17 . isaac I be assume you have get some time , you interrupt bastard ! I mean seriously ... ( back to the speech ) " augustus Waters talk so much that he would interrupt you at he own funeral . and he be pretentious . ( more ) 102 . isaac ( cont 'd ) sweet Jesus that kid never take a piss without ponder the resonance of human waste production . and he be vain . but that come with superhuman handsomeness . " Gus nod - that part be true . isaac " but I will say this : when the scientist of the future show up at my house with robot eye and they tell I to try they on , I will tell the scientist to piss off , because I do not even want to see a world without augustus Waters . " hazel smile - but it 's one that triggers a immediate emotional waterfall . isaac " and then , of course , have make my rhetorical point , I will put my robot eye on because , I mean ... robot eye ! " Gus have a big smile on he face . isaac " so anyway , augustus , my friend ... godspeed . " Gus nod a couple time . gus thank you Isaac . this cause Isaac to lose it . he cling to the lectern . isaac goddamn it , gus. gus hey do not swear in the literal heart of Jesus . isaac shit! ass ! ball ! Isaac sigh . wipe away the tear . and another beat pass . isaac can I get a hand here , hazel ? hazel remember Isaac can not see . she rise , go up to get he , walk he back to she seat . gus hazel Grace , it 's down to you . 103 . hazel take out a piece of paper , walk up to the dais . take a beat to ready herself . hazel " augustus Waters be the great star - cross love of my life . our be a epic love story , and I will not be able to get more than a sentence into it without disappear into a puddle of tear . ( beat ) like all real love storey - ours will die with we , as it should . I would hope that he would be eulogize I , because there 's no one I would rather have ... " and that 's all she can get out before fall apart . she let it out for a couple beat and then pull herself together . hazel ( beat , compose herself ) " I can not talk about we love story so instead I will talk about math . I be not a mathematician , but I know this : there be infinite number between 0 and 1 . there 's .1 and .12 and .112 and a infinite collection of other . of course , there be a bigger infinite set of number between 0 and 2 , or between 0 and a million . some infinity be bigger than other infinity . a writer we use to like teach we that . I want more number than I be likely to get , and God , I want more number for augustus Waters than he get . but , Gus , my love , I cannot tell you how thankful I be for we little infinity . you give I a forever within the numbered day , and for that I be eternally grateful . I love you . " Gus smile , nod , and close he eye . CUT to : black . over which we hear a ringing telephone . int hazel' bedroom - night hazel turn on the light by she bed . her house phone be ringing and it 's 4 be . she know instantly . 104 . hazel ( v.o. ) augustus Waters die eight day later in the icu ... hazel 's head fall into she chest . hazel ( v.o. ) ... when the cancer , which be make of he , stop he heart , which be also make of he . her bedroom door open . it 's frannie and Michael . this only confirm she worst fear . she start to cry . her parent embrace she in the bed . hazel ( v.o. ) it be unbearable . the whole thing . every second worse than the last . ext hazel be house - driveway - same hazel sit in the car in the dark . she 's blaring the loudest music she can possibly blare - a mean of drown out the horror of the world . over which we hear this : hazel ( v.o. ) one of the first thing they ask you in the er be to rate you pain on a scale from 1 to 10 . I would be ask this question hundred of time and I remember once , early on , when I could not catch my breath and it feel like my chest be on fire , and the nurse ask I to rate the pain and though I could not speak , I hold up 9 finger . the loud music be not protect hazel as well as she hope . she fall apart nonetheless . hazel ( v.o. ) later on , when I would be feel better , the nurse come in and she call I a fighter . " you know how I know , " she say . " because you call a ten a nine . " int hazel' bedroom - another morning hazel put on she funeral dress . she look in the mirror . hazel ( v.o. ) but that be not the truth . the reason I call it a nine be ... I be save my ten . 105 . int church - day the place be fill today with mourner for augustus Waters . hazel come in with she parent and stand in the back , watch people she 's never see before approach the Waters family and extend they deep condolence . hazel ( v.o. ) and this be it . the great and terrible ten . when Mr. and Mrs. Waters see hazel , they open they arm . mrs . water he love you so much . hazel nod . hug they back . hazel he love you so much too . more mourner approach the family , leave hazel strand in the receive line . her eye turn towards the coffin . she 's not entirely sure she want to go there but she take a deep breath , will herself to walk towards it . Gus be there in the same suit he wear to oranjee . immediately , hazel break down . and immediately , she catch herself . hazel it 's ok , you hear I ? it 's ok . she lean forward and kiss he cheek . she look around . once in the clear , she pull out a hard pack of camel light and stick they in the space between Gus and the lining of the coffin . a minister approach at that moment . minister I think we be ready to begin . hazel nod and walk back to she parent , take she seat in the middle of the room . minister augustus Waters fight hard for many year . his battle be a courageous one and he strength be a source of inspiration for each and every one of we ... hazel frown . this be all such bullshit . and she hear : male voice what a load of shit , eh kid ? hazel recognize that voice . but it do not make sense . she turn around and , sure enough , it 's Peter Van houten . 106 . minister let we pray . everyone clasp they hand , close they eye . hazel keep stare at Van houten , too shocked to do a thing . van houten we need to fake pray now . Van houten bow he head . hazel , still stunne , slowly turn back to the Minister , try to make sense of this unexpected appearance . minister now I call on augustus 's close friend Isaac to say a few word . Isaac stand , walk up to the podium with someone 's help . hazel sneak one more look at Van houten . yup , it 's really he . that make no sense to she . Isaac start to speak . isaac of all the thing I have lose in my life , this hurt the most . and Isaac stop talk . it 's unclear if that be the end or if he just can not go on . he return to he seat . the Minister walk back up . minister and now we will hear from Gus 's ... special friend hazel lancaster . hazel stand , walk up to the podium . a few titter in the room at the word " special friend . " hazel I be he girlfriend . some laughter from the crowd . she take out she note . hazel there 's a beautiful quote in Gus 's home that read " if you want the rainbow , you gotta deal with the rain . " hazel continue to speak but we over it , we hear instead : hazel ( v.o. ) I do not believe a word , of course . but that be ok . funeral , I would decide , be not for the dead . they be for the live . Gus 's Parents , arm in arm , nod along with every word . CUT to : 107 . ext cemetary - day everyone be watch Gus 's body be lower into the ground . everyone but hazel . she look off into the distance . off to the side , we see Van houten , also not watch the burial . he 's watch hazel . CUT to : later . ceremony over , we see hazel with she parent . hazel I will be fine . frannie be you sure ? we can drive you -- hazel no , I would ... I would like to be alone for a while . hazel hug Mom and dad , walk alone towards the parking lot . as she get to the car , Van houten approach . van houten could I hitch a ride ? hazel do not want to help this man . van houten just to the bottom of the hill . hazel exhales . Fine . once they be both in the car : hazel how do you even -- van houten the internet . hazel and you just ... buy a ticket ? van houten the drink be free drink in first class . Van houten remove a flask from he coat pocket . take a swig . hazel shake she head in disgust . start drive . van houten omnis cellula e cellula . hazel ignore he . van houten you boy Waters and I correspond quite a bit in he last -- hazel you read you fan mail now ? 108 . van houten I would hardly call he a fan . he despise I . but he be quite insistent I attend he funeral and tell you what become of Anna and she mother . so here I be and that 's you answer : omnis cellula e cellula . hazel I be so not in the mood -- van houten " life come from life . " hazel Goodbye Mr. Van houten . van houten you do not want a explanation ? hazel nope . thanks though . have a great life . van houten you remind I of she . hazel ( beat ) I remind a lot of people of a lot of people . van houten she be eight , my daughter . she suffer ... beautifully . for so long . hazel start to understand Van houten - and soften . hazel she have leukemia ? like Anna ? van houten just like she , yes . hazel be you marry then ? van houten not when she die , no . I be insufferable long before Anna , my dear . grief do not change you , hazel , it reveal you . hazel take that in . hazel well I be sorry for you loss . 109 . van houten and I be sorry for yours . I be sorry for everything , for be so rude to you two , for ruin you trip -- hazel you do not ruin we trip , you asshole . we have a awesome trip . van houten hazel , I be try . I be try ! you ask I to tell you what happen and I wish I could do that . I wish that I could . but I can not . no one can . no one know , hazel . they do not talk to we . unless ... Van houten take out a type piece of paper . he hand it to hazel who grab it - and immediately crumple it into a ball . hazel you think I care about that ? I do not give a shit , Van houten . hazel throw the piece of paper at Van houten . hazel you be a drunk and a jerk and a failure . and I would like you to get out of my car right now so I can go home and grieve . van houten ( stunned ) but -- hazel get out of the car ! Van houten know he 's too late . he do as he 's tell , step out of the car onto the side of the road . he stand there as hazel peel out . in the rearview mirror , she see he raise the flask , as if toast she . she blink away some tear and drive . CUT to : int hazel' live room - day hazel lie in front of the tv . " top model " be play but she 's lose in she own world . tear fall from she eye and she can not do anything to stop it . hazel get up . int bathroom - continuous hazel sit against the tub on the floor and weep . soon there 's a knock . 110 . hazel ( through tear ) occupada . michael ( o.s. ) can I come in ? hazel lean over and unlock the door . Michael kneel down next to she , put she head on he shoulder . hazel press she face into he shirt and cry some more . Michael squeeze she tightly . and this time , he do not cry . michael I be so so sorry . ( beat ) it be a privilege to love he , though , be not it ? hazel nod into he shirt . then look up at she dad . michael give you a idea how we feel about you . Michael smile at hazel . and he do not cry . hazel draw strength from he . ext isaac' house - night hazel and Isaac have climb through he open bedroom window . they sit on the roof . isaac do you know if it hurt or whatever ? hazel he be really fight for breath , I guess . he eventually go unconscious , but it seem like , yeah , it be not great or anything . dying suck . isaac ( long beat ) it just seem so impossible . hazel happens all the time . isaac be you angry ? hazel very . 111 . isaac I too . ( a few beat ) Gus really love you , you know . hazel I know . isaac he would not shut up about it . hazel I know . isaac it be annoying . hazel I do not find it that annoying . they sit there in silence a few beat . isaac do you read the note or whatever from you author friend ? hazel he be not my friend and -- how do you know about that ? isaac we talk at the cemetery . Said he come all this way to give you that . hazel yeah well I be over it . I never want to read another word of that asshole 's again . isaac yeah but he do not write it - Gus do . hazel ( stunned ) what ? isaac that 's what he say . Gus have write something , send it to Van houten -- hazel sit up . her heart be racing . isaac what ? hazel I ... I have to go . I ... be you ...? 112 . isaac I do it all the time . go. as quickly as possible hazel leave . Isaac stay behind , enjoy the cool night . a new day be come . int / ext hazel be car - day hazel be inside the car , rummage crazily through the trash in a effort to find what Van houten give she . she 's about to give up when she see it - crumpled up into a ball beneath the passenger 's seat . she reach under , pull it up , and unwrap it . as she read , we hear : gus' voice Mr. Van houten , I be a good person but a shitty writer . you be a shitty person but a good writer . we would make a good team . I do not want to ask you any favor but if you have the time , and from what I see you have plenty , please fix this for I . it 's a eulogy for hazel . hazel be overcome with emotion . gus' voice she ask I to write one and I be try , I just , I could use a little flair . see the thing be ... we all want to be remember . she smile to herself , remember : - that first time Gus and hazel run into each other . - the stare contest in support Group . gus' voice we all want to leave a mark . - driving ( badly ) in Gus 's car . - they first kiss at the picnic by " funky Bones . " gus' voice but not hazel . hazel be different . hazel know the truth . she do not want a million admirer , she just want one . and she get it . maybe she be not love widely but she be love deeply . and be not that more than most of we get ? - and back to hazel read the letter , tear in she eye . gus' voice when hazel be sick , I know I be die . but I do not want to say so . 113. int icu - flashback Gus stealthily sneak into hazel 's single room in the icu . she sleep . he kneel by she side . gus' voice she be in icu and I snuck in for ten minute and sit with she before I get catch . her eye be close , she lung be intubated ... Gus take she hand and hold it . gus' voice ... but she hand be still she hand , still warm , and the nail paint this dark blue back color and I just hold she hand and I will myself to imagine a world without we and what a worthless world that would be . - and back to hazel read the letter . she never know that story , never know he be there . CUT to : ext hazel be house - backyard - later hazel walk out to the grass behind she house , the oxygen tank drag behind she . she lay down on the grass and look up at the star - the same image that open the movie . gus' voice she 's so beautiful . you do not get tired of look at she . you never worry if she 's smarter than you cause you know she be . she 's funny without ever be mean . she remembers : - the magical dinner at oranjee . - the bench in which they sit overlook the water . - the passionate kiss in Anne Frank 's house . - falling onto the bed together . [ all of this be image we see at the beginning of the movie , only now , we see the oxygen tank , we see Gus 's leg , we see the fumble and the difficulty etc . they do not make this image less beautiful . they make they twice as beautiful - because they be real . ] gus' voice I love she , god I love she . I be so lucky to love she , Van houten . ( more ) 114 . gus' voice ( cont 'd ) you do not get to choose if you get hurt in this world but you do have a say in who hurt you . - and back on hazel in the grass . she hold the letter to she chest . a single tear fall onto she cheek . gus' voice I like my choice . I hope she like hers . hazel close her eye . gus' voice ok , hazel Grace ? a beat . another . hazel open her eye . and she say to the universe : hazel ok . black .