" the corruptor " by Robert pucci ext : new york CITY , day credit roll over establish shot of the city . first , primary manhattan , the one tourist see on post card . then slowly , we drift into Chinatown . side street and back alley so different you would n’t even know you in the u.s... eventually we stop on ... ext : wing bakery shop , west broadway , chinatown - day customer move in and out when boooom ! the screen explode in a ball of FIRE . the bleed patron stumble into the street as flame pour from a gape hole that be once a bustling herb shop . across the street , a young asian , poorly dress , light a smoke . his body be undernourished and cover with the tattoo insignia of the fukienese dragon . but it 's he eye that get you attention . Dark and hungry , they watch he day work with the detachment of one who' be teach the value of life be zero . meet bobby vu . oblivious to the chaos , he stride into the street flanke by three similarly tattooe youth who we will come to know as jack , black eye and " the tall kid " . together they encircle a middle - age triad sympathizer dress totally in he bakery white , crawl from the rubble . the young gangster brazenly pull pistol from they jacket . bobby vu fukienese dragon not funny now . the injure man futilely pull a gun from he coat as the dragon execute they prey in a barrage of gunfire . smoke drift from they weapon when Bobby notice a frighten tourist lie in a puddle of she own blood . he look into she tear fill eye and raise he gun to finish she . but she die before he need to shoot . he then climb into a rent Ford and take off . int : phan hous lamp , canal STREET , NYC - night for a lamp store the joint be dark . the only light come from the merchandise burn 20 watt bulb and a small black and white Zenith spout tape delay news from the bombing site . reporter ( television ) the tragic death of beth kadell from fairlawn New Jersey in this morning Chinatown bombing have mobilize the city and draw attention to a six month war be wage in the back alley and underground corridor of the city most mysterious neighborhood . accord to police , the fukienese dragon , a new entity in the Chinatown crime scene , be head by twenty year old Bobby vu from the fukien province of China . the television show a surveillance photo of Bobby vu as the sound of sporadic grunt and a heavy whack ... whack , emanate from the back of the shop . sitting at a table , drown in a shower of sweat , be a fifty year old blob name phan ho . nerves mask he face , when suddenly he arm lurch forward as if something or someone pull he . whack ! reporter ( television ) source say the bombing and execution of a know triad soldier be another chapter in the power struggle between the fukienese dragon youth gang and the triad run tung Fung benevolent Association , chinatown ruling organize crime entity for over a century , believe to be head by local businessman Benjamin Wong . known in the community as uncle benny . a photo of sixty three year old benny Wong fill the tv screen as phan Ho take a five from a dwindling stack of bill and push it across the table to nick chen . chenk thirty six , and whatever money he earn be spend on clothes and fifty dollar haircut . he 's handsome and cool , with look hail more from he Hong Kong father than he mainland mom . phan watch as chen take a card from he hand and flip it onto the table . Ace of spade . phan drop a three of club . back and forth until phan’s empty and chenk leave with one card . he smile , take he time as the fat man wipe sweat from he brow . phan throw it ! phan’s poise to strike . chen drop the card . Jack of club . both man move , but chenk quick . he pull the card from the table let phan slam he hand on nothing but wood . whack ! phan hold he palm as chen pick up the card and another five . he shuffles the deck skillfully with he right hand as he leave fish a smoke from he pocket . phan it 's late . no fukienese dragon come here . I close now ... ok ? on cue , the bell over the front door sound trouble . int phan ho' lamp - night the youth enter the shop be fukienese . two , Jack and " the tall kid " , we recognize as the shooter from wingusg . one of they , fuke # 1 , stay outside to stand guard as the other approach chen . tall kid ( fukienese ) time to pay . they move purposefully toward the two man as chen drop a seven of club on the table and turn to phan . chen you speak fukienese ? phan nod as the young thug reach the table . chen turn over a four of spade from the frighten shop ownerk hand . chen tell ‘em they’re in the wrong store . tall kid fuck you . chen learned some English , good for you . chen pull he .45 and lay the cannon on the table . phan be you crazy ? chen drop a Jack of heart on the pile , cover it uncontest and take a five from phan’s ever shrink pile . chen lucky ... be you ? chen stare at the tall kid , goad he with he lack of concern ... Three second pass like kidney stone ... finally , chen laugh to himself , stand and put he finger to the tall kidus head as if it be a play gun . the lack of respect incite the tall kid to go for he gun . but before he can fire a shot , chen produce a .38 from he sleeve and put a bullet through the gangster’s head . phan drop to the ground as chen dive over the card table , grab he .45 . he hit the floor pull the table down with he as a shield for phan , then himself as fuke # 2 shoot wildly before be take out by chen . Jack retreat to behind a wall , then slowly cross through a archway to confront chen from behind . as he step out , he find only phan cower on the floor . chen have disappear . suddenly the place explode in a hail of automatic gunfire as fuke # 1 enter the store and spray everything in sight , produce a blizzard of glass . Jack turn to see chen have re-appear and take up postion behind a counter full of lamp and mirror while he take on both Jack and fuke # 1 . chen skillfully use one of the counter as cover as he make he way towards the front of the store , get a bead on the fuke with the automatic and send he fly back out the front door in a hail of glass - pedestrian scatter for they life . Jack , alone now , cower behind a opposite counter , desperately crawl along the floor try to make he way out of there . he peek through a open to he cover and find chen nowhere in sight . slowly , painfully hunch over , he back up towards the blow - out front door , check for chen one more time , then decide to make a run for it . suddenly heus get a foot slamm into the side of he head send he crash back to the floor . chen have appear out of nowhere . chen drive another kick into he stomach , then yank he to he foot . int phan ho' lamp - night chen English ? ( the boy nod ) what do they call you ? young gangster Jack . chen tell Bobby vu , he time be run out in Chinatown . he kick the kid out the door and turn toward the shell - shocked shopkeeper look at the shamble of he livelihood . a teeter lamp topple from a shot up table but chen catch it before it hit the floor . he look over at the owner , cry . chen place a fist full of fives from he winning on the counter . chen I ’ll take this one . ext : one police plaza - day establish . int : one police plaza -day a lackey for the Mayor stand at a podium address a room fill with uniform and PRESS . beside he , sport a chest full of commendation on he dress blue , be Nick chen . lackey in the history of the fifteenth precinct , few officer have do more to serve and protect the public of this great city than Lieutenant Nicholas chen ... in the rear of the room be danny wallace . he’s 24 and have only four space on he face that need shave . but he eye be smart and always move , except now . they’re fix on Nick chen like he be deliver the sermon on the mount . lackey ... Lieutenant , for bravery in the line of fire and bring to justice that responsible for the Chinatown bomb and the tragic death of Beth kadell , the mayor and people of New York thank you and present you with this commendation . the lackey pin another hunk of brass on chen as the room erupt in cheer . and no one louder than Danny wallace , who whistle as the lackey and chen shake for the camera . int : nick chenk apartment , kitchen , mott STREET -night the whistle come from a scream teapot . chen , dress in a robe , pour the water into a bowl of rice which begin sizzling like a steak . unlike he wardrobe , he place be modest . the lamp from phan’s fit in nicely . tire , he stare vacantly at the wallpaper until a gorgeous chinese girl , 19 , walk in from the bedroom . by the way sheus tie she dress we know she be recently very naked . he know she as may . chen slide open a drawer and pull out some cash . may ( cantonese ) Mr. Lee say no charge . she bow and walk out the door . chen watch the young immigrant leave and can n’t help feel like half a dirt - bag . he throw the cash back into the drawer and shut it . eventually , he get up and cross to the window . he eat he soup in the lifeless apartment , glance down at the simple , elegant shrine to he dead father . he turn he attention out the window look out on the palpable energy and vigor of a bustling Chinatown . ext : chenk apartment , mott STREET -later ( night ) a rush of sound as chen step from the building . activity swirl around he as he move south on the narrow street . his demeanor start quiet . but as he move through the boisterous people , who genuflect like heus a arab Sheik , a smile curl he lip and the 200 watt bulb behind he eye flick on . every man get a nod and every girl get a little bit more . it 's he town ... and it give he life . omit int blue empress cafe - night he move through the upscale family eatery , pick up the bacardi and Coke a bartender fix the second he see chen step through the door . he stride into the kitchen ... int blue empress kitchen - night ...cut to the back and approach a door guard by a wannabee sumo wrestler . the big man let he through . int blue empress office - night Inside , behind a desk sport two surveillence monitor , work a phone be henry lee . he’s mid - forty and slicker than a oil spill . the consummate chameleon . whatever he need to be , he be . if Satan walk earth , it 's in the body of Henry Lee . lee ( cantonese ) forty thousand a piece . fifty percent up front or else the shipment will never leave the boat ... Fine . Lee hang up as chen fire the smoke he lift from a ivory box on leeus desk . lee my congratulation on you commendation . I trust you enjoy the little gift I send over . Lee light a cigarette of he own , enjoy make chen feel like a mutt . chen do n’t like it much , but know it would happen the minute he start undress leeus present . lee uncle benny be very proud of you . Lee reach into he desk drawer , produce a bulg envelope and hand it to chen who quickly count the pile of hundred . chen think he’d be more proud this time . lee he be . Lee lift he wastepaper basket revealing strip of paper . lee you marker . two thousand eighty three of they . you really should consider other form of recreation . chen slide the envelope of cash into he jacket pocket . chen you soldier who get kill the other day be work with the f.b.i . leeus smile dampen but he calm remain intact . lee really ? chen Medical examiner find a wire on he and the fed come down to pick it up . lucky for you it have about six bullet in it so it be n’t much good . lee lucky for you too maybe . chen let it pass . chen that , plus the tourist who get kill , have the fed work up . Word be they’re go after the triad . probably uncle benny himself . lee why we ? it 's the fukienese dragon who kill she . we’re just try to do business as we’ve always do . chen because you’re suppose to keep order in Chinatown . lee it 's not like it once be . the youth gang be not easily control . they have no respect , no honor . chen that 's you problem . you can n’t control they , the fed be gonna revoke you free parking . lee take care of the fuke be you problem . that 's why we pay you . chen yeah , well , it do n’t really matter cause to the fed you’re all the same . lee you mean " we’re " all the same . remember , as I go , you go . chen do n’t say anything because he know leeus right . after a moment he get up from the chair . chen the ginza massage be get a visit from we tomorrow night , so move it or lose it . lee go ahead and take ginza . more arrest will help keep thing calm . a smile Lee , stamp out he butt and circle the table . lee if the fed get near uncle benny , we head go first . so you do whatever it take to make some kind of case against Bobby vu and the rest of the fuke . I ’m sure the FBI will be just as happy with they . as you say , we’re all the same . Lee slide two ticket into chenk front jacket pocket . lee knick , court-side . chen put down he glass and walk into the hallway . int blue empress hallway - night he cut across a narrow corridor and pass through a door tuck behind dry , hang duck . then it 's down a flight of stair ... int underground stair & hall - night ... through a maze of underground alley - way , populate by well dress teenage thug , and into the world beneath Chinatown . chen walk up toward a massive bouncer stand in front of a steel door . he slide the ticket into he shirt pocket . chen knick , court-side . the bouncer open the door , expose a room fill with chinese men play all thing you can wager a buck on . int gambling parlor - night chen survey the action which be loud , fast and furious . he fire a smoke , pull a fist full of hundred from he envelope and lay down he first bet of the night . ext : east broadway arcade - night Jack and he attractive girlfriend amy san hang with they friend in front of the arcade when Bobby vu and three other dragon pull up in a red lincoln . they quickly grab hold of Jack . bobby vu ( fukienese ) you let you brother die ? everything stop as Bobby punch , kick and throw Jack around the street . the other dragon keep everybody away , though they already seem to know . jack ( fukienese ) I ’m sorry , I ’m sorry . bobby vu ( fukienese ) be you fukienese Dragon ?... be you ?! jack yes . Bobby look over at Amy . she 's sexy as hell and he let she know he know it . he then turn to Jack and grab he by he hair . bobby vu avenge you brother . kill that cop . omit ext : fifteenth precinct - day chen , in last night’s clothes , climb the step of the yellow brick building and step inside . int : fifteenth precinct - day chen cough hellos to the desk personnel , cut through a door mark asian gang unit and step into a small colorless room . int : asian gang unit - day he pass plum to he two chinese - american detective ; willy ung , sharp of tongue and nose ... and louise deng , a by the book cop who put in she eight and go home to a family . chen everybody work tonight , we’re visit ginza massage . ung my kind of raid . ungus accent be hard - core bronx . on the phone you'd think he be a italian from eastchester Road . ung found another young pretty in a dumpster . he tack a crime scene photo onto a board already show another woman lie in a dumpster when he notice a scratch on chenk neck . ung anybody I know ? chen remove ungus smile with a look and pour himself a coffee . deng do a two hour sweep . no one would speak to I . ung try breath mint . dengus accent be Connecticut , along with she wardrobe . she ignore ung as she cut the plum into four perfect slice . deng and the two who find the body do n’t see , hear or smell anything . chen what 's new ? we stay on chen as a sudden silence descend . a beat and he turn to see why . there at the entrance to the agu stand young wallace hold a box of personal . wallace I ’m Daniel wallace . he look as if that 's suppose to mean something . by the look on the face of the agu member , it doesn’t . klein ( o.s. ) he spend six month in China on a college course or some shit . int : fifteenth precinct , captain office -day captain stan klein , a chinese hater go back to he tour in ` 69 , sit back with a cold washcloth over he eye as chen , look like he eat a bad lemon , toss wallace’s file onto the desk . chen the chinese do n’t trust white or cop and you’re give I a white cop . klein they want ethnic diversity in every squad so you get a white face in the agu . chen he 's worse than white , he 's green . klein which be why you should school he . chen so he can get I kill ? klein look , it 's you fault heus here in the first place . chen my fault ? klein a freakin tourist get blow up in we backyard . not to mention a FBI snitch . and it happen on you watch . the mayork be on tv talk about it , the Police commisioner have promise safety on the street of Chinatown , Christ it 's be on freakin nightline . so if put a white cop in the asian gang unit make they feel better and get they off my ass fine and dandy . so why do n’t you get out of here and do something about this whore turn up in dumpster . it 's embarrassing . klein sniff the air , then peek out from under he wash cloth . klein you still here ? int : agu office - day wallace be tack a photo layout of the hip sing triad to the wall as chen re-enter . ung junior bring a scorecard . chen take out a thick magic marker , start crossing out photo . chen Dead , dead in prison . the rest usually stop by for a visit . it 's not healthy to let they know what we know .... why do a white cop request asian gang ? wallace detective Shield , a extra eight grand a year in my pocket ... and a chance to work with you . ung uh oh . yellow fever . you get a hard on for all thing chinese , right ? the food , custom , woman . you get a chinese girlfriend , do n’t ya ? wallace actually , uh ....no . chen but ya do ? wallace be we all gonna exchange sexual history ? ung I know it . yellow fuckin fever . junior here to walk the street and get he wick lick by a nice almond - eye beauty . wallace I ’m here so chinese immigrant do n’t have to live thirty to a room . or spend twenty hour a day make clothes for slave wage . chen why do you give shit about chinese immigrant ? wallace I ’m a cop . I give a shit about enforce the law . deng so what 's you plan to save the yellow people ? wallace same technique use on every other organize crime operation in the city . bust the street soldier every time we see ‘em , move up the food chain to the Council , cramp ‘em with surveillance , sting operation , keep climb all the way to uncle benny . chen laugh at wallace’s naivete . ung this ain’t every other organize crime operation in the city . we work case , junior . keep the tourist safe . violence spill into the street , we break head . ` cept detective Deng , sheus above that . deng when the department authorize police brutality perhaps I ’ll join you . chen you do n’t change Chinatown , it change you . wallace I ’m ready to give it a shot . chen eyeball the cocky kid . chen alright ... do n’t make plan tonight . wallace why ? ung Cause we’re goin on a panty raid . ext : panty raid build - dusk except for the ten cop move quickly toward a unmark door , the alley be empty . out front be chen . he order a thick cop toward the door which be quickly open with a crowbar . omit int : panty raid build , staircase - night chen calmly lay he dark hankerchief over the tiny survellience camera , then lead the group up the stair . ung ( whisper to wallace ) you never know how a guy gettin he dick rubbed be gonna react when you charge into the room , so keep you eye sharp and you Glock cocked . and do n’t be try to feel any chinese titty you little pervert . snicker from the man . chen wallace stay out here . wallace do n’t like it , but do n’t argue it . chen pull he .45 and nod to the thick cop , who thrust he crowbar into the lock jam and snap it off . they hit the hallway like a tornado . Bright light strobe the length of the place thrust we several minute into the future . omit int : ginza massage hallway - a short time later the cop be drag about ten prostitute and match johns into the hallway . chen coordinate when he see Deng lead May and three other dress prostitue from the front towards the back hallway . May look at chen and he know why Lee smile when he give he the ginza . chen Deng . see if you can find any file back there . he turn to a uniform . chen ( refer to the prostitute ) Joe , take ‘em down , wallace’ll help ya write ‘em up . Deng head back down the hall while the uniform corral the girl down the stair the cop come up . chen grab May as she pass and pull she into one of the bedroom . int : 1st ginza bedroom chen reach into may pocket , find a packet of white powder . she try to kiss he . he pull away and pocket the heroin , pissing she off . he quiet she with three hundred . chen ( cantonese ) get outta here . he gently nudge she out to the hallway and towards the backstair where wallace be just come up with a handfull of paperwork . wallace you want I to take she ? chen shake he head as he let May head towards the exit . he turn back to wallace who stand talk to a uniform who be hand he some paperwork . chen ( sotto to wallace ) always throw back the smallest of the day catch . suddenly a torrent of automatic gunfire explode at the opposite end of the hallway take out the glass door and the uniform who stand in front of it revealing a fukiense shooter behind the shatterer door . one cop down . chenk instinct be immediate . the fuke killer be toast . the uniform who be talk to wallace turn towards the action and be meet with a pile of lead explode he heart , blow out he back and spraying wallace with blood . wallace freeze - a deer in the headlight . chen see this , jump across the hall and push wallace out of the line of fire and into one of the bedroom . the doorway where wallace stand explode into a million piece of shrapnel . he would have be chopmeat . just at that moment , ung cross the hall in the opposite direction , shield a prostitute as he take out the shooter who take out the uniform and almost wallace . chen lean out of what remain of the doorway , while yell back to the still shell - shocked wallace . chen Fire you weapon ! ung they’re fuke ! the entire compliment be pin down in either the room or the hallway face down three furious fuke . chen pump he final ammo clip into he gun , pull a second gun from a ankle holster and fire away . suddenly , another fuke with a automatic weapon come out of nowhere and advance kamakazi style to one of the bedroom - the p.d.us gunfire no match for he uzi . he’s get chen , ung , Deng , wallace and the five remain uniform pin down . chen think fast , retreat into the bedroom - int : 1st ginza bedroom chen quickly feel the solidity of the wall - find the weak spot of the plasterboard and start kick through to the next room while the firefight continue in the hallway . int : 2 nd ginza bedroom the uniform fight at the doorway turn to see chen come crash into they room and continue on right to the next wall , battle he way up the hallway towards the fuke position the only way he can . int : hallway the firefight continue but it 's totally one sided as the cop pistol can n’t compete against the uzi. window to the bedroom be explode like firecracker , whore and john catch out in the hallway shiver in terror behind whatever cover they can find . a huge glass display in the hallway implode drench the place in fly glass . wallace do the best he can , fire uselessly at the kamikazi , only visible from the neck up as he keep the entire force at bay . suddenly we see a glock come up to the back of the shooterss head which blow he brain out into the hallway , finally silencing the automatic . chen step out , the arm behind the hit . there 's only three fuke leave now , include Jack , armed only with semi-automatics . chen I ’m out on three ! one , two , three ! every cop step out and bombard the end of the hall with all the firepower they’ve get . they pin back the shooter as chen storm into the hall and race , gun blaze toward the gunman . all three of they flee , one down the stair , Jack and the other up towards the roof . chen decide to go up , negotiate each corner with whatever heus get leave . he get to the second flight just in time to see Jack desperately kick out a window and make a run across a rooftop . chen continue the last flight up where he find the lone fuke out of amo and desperately try to tear open the roof acess door which be bolt shut . chen ( contíd ) weapon down , hand in the air , up against the wall . the fuke cooperate , back up onto the landing as chen ascend . chen ( contíd ) turn around ! the kid do , but as he move he suddenly produce a knife the size of a baby arm that cut across chen , slice he stomach . chen react with amazing speed , smash he gun across the gangster’s head almost decaptate he . simultaneously , the last fuke come charge up the stair , chen pick up the guy next to he and hurl he over the staircase knock the charge fuke down to the next landing . his gun go fly right towards wallace’s foot who together with a backup of unifrom , come bound around the corner , grab the weapon and cover the two punk . chen look down from top landing omit chen you’re late . omit int : kung pho restaurant - night ung and chen storm into the twelve- table restaurant fill mostly with teenage fukienese . they move toward the rear of the restaurant pass Jack , huddle with two of he friend . some of the gangster stand to run interference , but the two cop push through they to a back table where Bobby vu work a cell phone . without a word chen punch he out of he chair . he hit he again and again , knock the gangster into the kitchen . int : kung pho restaurant kitchen - night ung pull he gun , hold the other gangster at bay as chen grab a sauce pan from the overhead rack and slam it into Bobby vus head , knock he to the floor . he then throw it at the group of dragon close in around they . chen want some ? no one do . he stare down the gangster with disgust . chen fukienese dragon . he spit on the floor then walk out the rear door with ung . ext : davis street-day a hazy sun slice through thick cloud as chen , carry a take - out bag , exit a small storefront and get into a brown chevy . int : brown chevy - day wallace drive as chen pull a container from the bag . chen fishball gongee . wanna be chinese you’ve gotta eat the nasty stuff . wallace take the food , look over at chen . wallace last night ... you save my life . chen part of the job . wallace maybe ... I still want to say thanks . chen nod as he eat . wallace turn up delancey . wallace that say ... I hear you pay a visit to Bobby vu last night . wallace look at chen . wallace ( contud ) I tightened up last night , but I do n’t find this badge in the bottom of a cracker Jack box . I earn it . chen you study chinese so you know what it mean that I save you life ? wallace it mean my life be yours , to do with as you wish chen that 's right . so here’s my advice . quit . before you end up dead . they drive past a crumble building where a triad soldier openly do a healthy drug trade . wallace I know the risk . chen so do the cop I do n’t save last night . and all it get they be dead . this be n’t fun and game . especially for a kid head to Law School with he head up he ass if he think this be the way to raise tuition . wallace’s a bit surprised chen know this . wallace just cause I ’m not put in twenty do n’t mean I can n’t do the job . chen yes it do . wallace you do n’t want to work with I , fine . let I do my own investigation . but do n’t try and keep I from my work . Cause like it or not , I ’m a cop . chen you’re play cop and that 's gonna get one of we kill . wallace playin’ ? who 's playin’ ? playind drive by shit and pretend you do n’t see it . chen turn to wallace . chen you get something to say , say it . wallace how ‘bout I show you ? wallace slam on the brake , send the take - out fly onto the dash . he then drop it in reverse and floor the gas . the chevy roar backwards up onto the sidewalk in front of a crumble building . ext : crumbling build - day wallace jump from the car , catch one of the two well dress triad drug dealer hang out front , push he through the door and into the building . int : crumbling build - day a dark , piss stenched room call home by fourteen rat and a dozen addict share needle and mindless nod . the doper can n’t move but three more dealer can and take off run . wallace freeze ! wallace fire over they head , stop they in they track as chen race into the room . wallace frisk the Dealer he push inside as chen look over the other . wallace what do we have here ? wallace pull a thick packet of heroin from the kidq pocket . impress with himself , he hold it up and toss it at chen , look at he through steel grey eye . int : fifteenth precinct , book room -later ( day ) the four dealer stand handcuff to a steel beam rivete to the wall as wallace file he first arrest with the desk sergeant . chen casually sip coffee when a piss off six footer in a blue suit rush into the room . schabacker get each one of this guy in different room ... now ! pete schabacker hold up a FBI badge which get everybody move . two uniform unclasp the perp and take they away . schabacker look at chen and gesture towards the agu . int : agu office schabacker hardly look at ung and Deng who pour over paperwork as chen and wallace follow he into the room . chen something bother you , Pete ? schabacker only that you asshole just arrest a federal agent work undercover with the triad . wallace pale as ung smile to himself . ung Nice work , junior . wallace I make the arrest . wallace look over at chen who' offer no help schabacker well goody for you , Einstein . so tell I , what be I suppose to do now ? put a Federal agent in jail to maintain he cover . what ? let he go ? we put he back on the street everybody in Chinatown will think he cut a deal with you and he’ll be dead inside a hour . so what should I do ? wallace look over at chen , who 's offer no help . wallace you should do a better job of keep we inform . ung here here . schabacker confidential undercover assignment . Key word be confidential . which nothing in the fifteenth precinct be . chen relax , Pete . we lose the bag . no evidence . they can all go . wallace look over at chen , but he do n’t dispute he . schabacker keep ‘em three hour , slap the shit out of ‘em and let ‘em go . I want everything on the ginza raid by the end of the day . and keep that dipshit on a leash . chen you take care of you people , I ’ll take care of mine . wallace appreciate chenk back up . schabacker head out the door . chen which oneus the fed ? schabacker the chinese one . chen up yours too . ung take the paperwork from the desk and hold it out to wallace . ung you wanna eat this with soy sauce ? wallace take it from ungus hand and tear it in half . omit int : jimmy loous cocktail lounge -night no tourist , this water holeus for the local . get another round of tsiang taos from the waitress be chen , wallace and ung . ung cough up the cash , junior . knucklehead buy all round . wallace pay off the waitress as he snap at ung . wallace eat I . ung that’s it , show a little piss and vinegar . so you first bust be a Federal agent and a senior fed bit off a giant piece of you ass . chen laugh with ung as wallace take a drink . ung hey junior , I dunno if you notice , but there’re chinese girl here . wallace sound like you’re the one with yellow fever . ung yellow fever , black plague , brown sugar , white bread , I get it all . wallace can n’t help but smile . wallace why do the FBI want the info on the ginza raid ? chen it be they raid . they use we so the local do n’t smell fed . mostly they use we cause they’re lazy shit . ung last summer we grab a viet namese gang bring in heroin by the boatload . who swoops in last minute for the credit ? you friend shabacker of the FBI . wallace we have the same problem in the one six , there 's nothing you can do . ung a guy piss in the street that 's one thing . a guy piss in you house you deal with he or live with the stench . wallace very poetic . unfortunately I do n’t know what the hell you’re talk about . chen the fed lose a snitch . now they have a agent work undercover in the triad . we find the agent , see what heus get go , and when the eleventh hour hit we swoop in , make the bust and pull the case right out from under they . appear quietly as if from some unseen back entrance , Henry Lee appear through the crowd . lee ( to chen in cantonese ) I do n’t believe I know you friend . a new soldier in the fight against crime ? chen ( cantonese ) he will n’t be here long enough to get to know . wallace ( cantonese ) I hope to be here long enough to make a difference . chen , ung and Lee all look astonished at wallace’s heretofor unknown language skill . ung you speak chinese !? wallace ( cantonese ) I ’m not a total knucklehead . ung whoa , in case you have n’t notice , I ’m bronx bear and breed . the only chinese I know be the miranda rights and what 's on the menu . chen Danny wallace , Henry Lee . lee you gentleman be partner ? wallace ( to chen ) be we ? chen cagney and lacey . lee Chinatown need more police . I hope you find a home here . I think you’ll discover the chinese people be warm and generous . wallace ( cantonese ) I ’ve already discover that . ung speak English , already . lee never mind they . reach out to we community , it will reach out to you . be n’t that right , detective ? chen hold up he glass in a mock toast ... the waitress bring over a bottle of cristal and three glass . lee I hope to see much of you over the come week . Lee then disappear into the back as the waitress pour . wallace ( quietly ) he’s triad . ung that 's why it 's cristal and not asti fuckin’ spumanti . chen and ung clink glass and down some bubbly . omit ext : benevolent association - day establish . tucked between a pair of bank sit the sand color building highlight with artifact from ancient chinese culture . omit int : benevolent association - day a small group of elderly Men sit at game table play mahjong . sitting in the rear of such a table , play a round be benny Wong and Henry Lee . benny wong ( cantonese ) it 's very dangerous to approach a white cop . we can n’t risk expose we other tie in the Department . lee ( cantonese ) that 's why we must approach wallace . he could compromise chen at a time when he be we best weapon against the fuke . we need he with we to safeguard chenk position . besides , to the nypd chen be chinese first and a cop second . wong ( cantonese ) chen can take care of himself . and he know what we need he to know . lee ( cantonese ) he know what he hear in the fifteenth . a white officer would have ear outside the precinct . we can let chen test the water . benny nod he acceptance and continue to play . omit int : blue empress cafe - day inbetween lunch and dinner . Lee be empty the bar of cash while waiter change the table linen . chen enter , move directly to Lee chen what do you want ? lee I like you partner . chen look at Lee who turn from the bar and begin walk the length of the restaurant towards the kitchen straighten napkin and silverware as he go . lee I think he could help we . chen he could hurt we more . lee afraid of competition ? chen afraid of pique the kidq interest ... lee ... in who else be a dirty cop ? chen pretend to ignore he . lee uncle benny feel he might poke he nose in place a chinese cop wouldn’t . chen I can handle he . lee he also feel he could be a asset against the fuke since you do n’t seem to be do much . chen I ’ll take care of the fuke . the kidq a short timer . leave he alone . lee I do n’t realize you have such maternal instinct ... uncle benny want you to speak with he . chen no . Lee and chen reach the kitchen , where amongst the chicken , duck and steaming dumpling , triad underling be move box of tourist trinket that fall off of some truck somewhere . Lee reach into one and pull out a fake rolex . lee this cost one dollar to make . and some fool will pay hundred for it . it 's amazing how easy it be for some people to over estimate worth . do n’t overestimate yours . talk to he . int : fifteenth precinct - day chen , lose in think , enter the station house when wallace come out of the a.g.u. office . wallace there 's a homicide on Worth . ext : rear entrance of a restaurant - day uniform from the fifteenth have the area around the dumpster tape off as wallace and chen pull up and cross toward Deng and ung . chen whous in the bin ? deng the invisible woman . no i.d. , no print record , no nothing . wallace look into the dumpster where a young female , be tangle with yesterday shellfish . he instantly begin dry heaving . ung I think you like chinese food , junior ? chen leave he alone ... letus go , I need about fifty coffee . wallace we’re not gonna investigate this ? chen we just do . wallace what’re you talk about ? chen tell we partner what we learn . ung put on he Academy instructor persona . ung decease be a illegal straight off the boat , probably less than a week cause there’s two bill chinese under the oyster , by she spleen . deng she find she passage over be twice what she think . she can n’t pay and do n’t like work as a prostitute . so she end up here . no family , no friend , no witness . ung no sense wastin taxpayer '' money . wallace look painfully at the young woman be pull from the bin and stuff unceremoniously into a body bag . wallace so what ? case close ? ung he 's so young . chen look at wallace . remember when he be that young . chen take a walk around with Deng . see if anybody know anything . chen motion for ung to come with he and the two cop move off . omit ext : east broadway arcade - day Jack and he girlfriend step from the arcade . he kiss she goodbye and watch she as she head north up East Broadway . he turn and head south . he move slowly down the empty street as someone or something move up behind he . quickly . he feel the presence and turn as chen and ung grab hold of he and pull he into a desert alley . ext : alleyway - day Jack try to get away but ung slam the small boy into the wall . ung easy jackarroo . Jack look at the two man as they close in on he . ung detective chen be now able to i.d. the shooter who get away from the lamp store . chen unless he can do something for I ... I want Bobby vu. a bead of cold sweat tumble down the back of jack neck . jack he’ll kill I . ung the alternative to help we be ten to twenty at sing sing . and that 's gotta hurt . especially for somebody five foot nothin . Jack stand with a million thing racing through he mind . jack no court ? no wire ? chen no promise . think about it . you ’ve get ten second to make up you mind . Jack think .... jack fuck you . Jack run but ung slam he fist into he face knock he cold . ung kidus loyal . ung kneel and cuff the unconscious fukienese soldier . chen see how loyal he be after two week in lock up . ext : worth STREET - day Deng and a very frustrated wallace , stand outside a junk shop where a frighten chinese woman , shake she head . wallace ( cantonese ) we’re try to help you . Deng hold out a business card but the woman slam the door . wallace what 's wrong with this people ? deng they do n’t like I , do n’t trust you and know we can n’t protect they . wallace then what 's the point ? why bother ? the two cop walk south on Worth Street as they continue to talk . deng every cop start out plan to save the universe . when you realize you can n’t you’ve get two choice . do you best and the second the shifty over go home to a life . or let the stink of the street get on you so you end up like ninety percent of the cop in this city . a alcoholic with more vice then half the people you arrest . wallace you’re talkin about chen ? deng I ’m talk about you . wallace well how do he close so many case ? the inquiry make she uncomfortable . deng he work the case he can solve . and heus not american bear , heus Hong Kong , immigrant like they . wallace how do a guy from Hong Kong get in the nypd ? deng they want a chinese to speak to the chinese . and he father be a cop in Hong Kong . pretty big wheel before they boot he , he know people in Chinatown who could vouch for he son . wallace why’d they boot he , be he dirty ? deng because he wasn’t . shift 's over , go home . Deng turn up Elizabeth street and wallace head off toward doyer . omit ext : wallace's apt - day wallace cut across a city baseball diamond in the shadow of the Manhattan Bridge and make he way to he front door . int : wallacer apartment - day he enter the one bedroom brick box and hit a light switch . it 's clear heus just move in because most of he thing be still in box . what furnishings he have be accented with chinese artifact and book on chinese culture . he head into the dingy kitchen . int : wallace 's apatment , kitchen - day he get a water and drop in some alka seltzer . he sit at the window and hold the cold glass to he forehead while the tablet fizz . ext : wallace 's apt - day what he do n’t see , be Bobby vus Lieutenant , black eye , watch he from the empty market across the street . int : wallace 's apatment , kitchen - day he downs the drink as a shadow creep toward he . he hear a creak in the floor . in a flash he bolt to he foot , pull he gun and spin to face a large man , maybe sixty , wear beat up thread . wallace I coulda kill you . sean wallace I coulda kill you first . wallace what’re you do here ? sean wallace Father can n’t visit he son ? get something to drink ? I ’m dry as a ninety year old tit . wallace how’d you get in ? Sean pull a flask from he jacket . sean wallace I bring something anyway . join I ? Sean extend the offer but he son do n’t flinch . sean wallace twenty year robbery homicide outta the two five , greenhorn , that 's how I get in . I be through more door and window ... wallace I do n’t have any money . Sean take a pull from the flask . sean wallace I ’m in for twelve grand . that fuckin dago down on Mulberry . wallace know this be serious but do n’t show anything to he father . wallace good luck . sean wallace I ’m not ask for the twelve ... God forbid you'd bail I out with you lawyer money . would n’t want you to miss become a leech asshole . wallace and here I think you'd want I to be a chip off the ‘ol block . sean wallace all I ’m askin for be a little stake money to help I get even . wallace would n’t work , you’re too much a loser . sean wallace then we’ll go partner . you’re a lucky son of a bitch ain’t ya ? wallace do n’t say anything . sean wallace I would n’t be here if it be n’t serious . it take a while but wallace finally make a move . he open the fridge , slide open the crisper and pull out a envelope . he hand it to he father who smile at the money . sean wallace cold hard cash . you slay I . wallace Little over five hundred and we ain’t partner . this be buy you off . next time someone sneak up on I ... sean wallace yeah , yeah , yeah . you’ll kill I . Sean turn and start for the door . then stop . sean wallace by the way . you get a chink watchin you from across the street , sherlock . wallace turn to the window and see Bobby vus boy , Black eye stand in the shadow across the street as he father slip out the door with a slight chuckle . sean wallace ( contud ) goodnight officer . omit int : underground spa - night through the steam , we see Henry Lee sit in a tub fill with hot water . stand near the doorway in street clothes be chen . chen I ’ve get something for you . lee I love gift . a female arm run a wet sponge down leeus back . chen this be n’t free ... forget the kid . lee that 's a expensive request . chen this be a expensive item . Lee pull the female arm into he . it 's connect to May . chen spot she , and it bother he more than he let on . lee letus hear it . chen the f.b.i. have another informant inside the triad . this time , it 's one of they own - it 's a agent . Lee stroke the may hair as she slide she nude body against he . he enjoy the fact that chenk not enjoy it . lee who be it ? chen do n’t know . we pick up four of you guy and one be a fed . wo n’t take long to find out which one . then all you’ve get to do be blow he cover and they’ll pull he . no violence , no mess . lee my thanks . chen the kidq out . lee as you wish . Lee turn May toward chen and rub she breast . lee would you like a turn ? chen , look at the young girl then turn and exit the room . Lee laugh as a figure move out of a steam room behind he . lee we’ve get a Federal agent sniff around . we’ll have to postpone delivery . Lee glance toward fukienese leader , Bobby vu. bobby vu we can’t . the boatk come into port next week . lee then it’ll wait at the port . bobby vu I ’m not afraid of the f.b.i . Lee push May under the water toward he crotch . lee everything we’ve do have be to keep the fed focus on uncle benny . when heus go , and I lead the triad , you and you fukienese brother will make all the money you want . bobby vu then letus kill he now . lee when uncle bennyus indicted , he’ll be dangerous to we partner in Hong Kong . and kill he , will come with thanks instead of retribution . bobby vu and chen too . lee all in time . omit ext : goldflower restaurant , doyer STREET , morning through the glass we see wallace pay the tab on he morning 's breakfast . he pick up a toothpick and a mint and exit the building . he start to move east when a man step beside he . lee do you remember I ? wallace look closer ... and see Henry Lee who stay in step with wallace as he walk up bowery . wallace yeah . lee I have information about the girl you find in the garbage dumpster . wallace how’d you find I ? lee you’re conspicuous in Chinatown ... two brother on chrystie Street bring in illegal . the woman , work in they brothel , then try to run . they leave she as a message to the other . wallace how do you know ? lee everyone know . but no oneus go to speak of it . especially to the police . wallace why be you ? lee I know she . Lee look at wallace , and for a moment he seem almost sad . wallace what be they name ? lee you can n’t tell anyone how you find out . not even chen . wallace forget it . lee for every person who know , the chance of I , or one of my child be kill in reprisal increase a hundred fold . wallace I can’t . lee that girl be fifteen ... and there be more to come if you do n’t help we . wallace think , remember the girl as she be stuff into the body bag .... he know he shouldn’t , but he nod he head and Lee hand he a piece of paper . lee check the basement of a place call tonyus . do n’t worry . this be how thing get do in Chinatown . int : fifteenth precinct , agu office - day chen enter the room where Deng be fill out paperwork . chen wallace come in yet ? deng I do n’t think so . the concern be easily read on chenk face . ext : 142 chrystie STREET - day wallace anxiously watch the apartment building . he steady he nerve , then cross the street and enter through the front door . int : 142 chrystie hallway - day it 's damp and poorly light . wallace move down the narrow hall and stop by the door next to the incinerator . he jimmy the lock . int : 142 chrystie basement , stair - day he descend the stair into the darkness . his mouth dry as he pull he gun . he move down a narrow corridor , pass a wooden door , when he hear something from inside . faint breathe . he reach for the doorknob . it 's lock . he take the slim jim from he jacket pocket and easily open the door . int : 142 chrystie basement room - day it 's dark . wallace take he mag-light and scope the room . he step back , startle , when he see thirty female face , gaunt , eye glaze , huddle in the room like prisoner of war . none look older than fifteen . wallace stand look at the young woman when he hear noise further down the hall . slowly , he step back int : 142 chrystie basement , corridor - day and creep toward a second door frame with the bright light from within . it sound like a small motor mix with whimper . he look through the keyhole . it take a moment for he eye to adjust . when it do he jump to he foot and kick open the door . int : 142 chrystie basement room - day wallace police ! the room be awash in bright light , almost blind wallace come from the darkness . but there , on a bed , he see the source of the cry . Three young women engage in force sex . he turn toward the light which be set atop a video camera recording the scene . a man , mid forty , throw the camera at wallace and race for the door . wallace tackle he into the dark hallway ... int : 142 chrystie basement , corridor - day ... and pummel he with he fist . a loud bang and a flash of light from the end of the hall as someone fire a bullet at wallace . instinctively , without think , he fire back , hit the shooter , who slump to the ground . the impact of he first shoot wash over he . in that moment , the man beneath he push to he foot and begin run down the hall . wallace stop ! the man grab for the dead shooterss gun , turn and take a bullet from wallace’s Glock before he can squeeze off a shot . wallace stand freeze . the smoke from he gun fill the tiny hallway . he taste blood and realize he bit through he lip . int : 142 chrystie basement - later ( day ) the place be now brightly light as cop and forensics scour the area . chen enter from the far end and pull wallace aside . chen what be you do in here ? wallace I come out of the diner on pell Street and see some guy snatch a purse . I chase he into the building , but I lose he inside . then I hear scream from down here . I just stumble into it . chen stare at he as ung and Deng approach from upstairs . ung there 's close to forty woman here , all illegal . and we find a store- room with about a hundred tape . deng and the landlord remember the four Jane do we pull outta the dumpster as part of the stable . ung extend he hand to wallace . ung good job , detective . chen eye wallace who take ungus hand . wallace thanks , junior . soon other cop come over to give congratulation . the good wish turn into applause as we int : police headquarters - day the mayork lackey pin a commendation on wallace in front of a room fill with police and PRESS . somewhere in the back , feel a little bit proud , in spite of he suspicion , be chen . int : jimmy loo be - night a good-size crowd , include ung and wallace . ungus gass . ung it 's dick size . chen you think everything be dick size . ung it be . White people believe all asian get little dick . so you think that when a asian chick see you pecker , sheus go to think it 's mount Saint helen . chen and wallace laugh . ung it 's true . and then you look at the tiny hand on most asian chick and figure you weenieus gonna look like a sewer pipe in she fist . wallace he 's discover we secret . ung well the jokeus on you , cause this chinamand hang like a ... chen a gnat . chen and wallace laugh at ung . ung you wanna see ?! ung struggle to he foot . chen & wallace no ! wallace pull ung back into he seat . wallace on that note , it 's time to head home . i’ll see you tomorrow . chen eight sharp . we’re go to pick up surveillance on that guy you bust , find out which oneus the feed . he nod and cross to the door . chen get up and follow he to the door . chen wallace . the young cop stop . chen stand before he . chen you do a lot for that woman down there ... you do good work . wallace thanks . chen but it be a accident . you’re lucky you’re not dead . so do n’t you ever go off alone again . chen stare a hole in wallace’s head . the young cop nod and slip out the door . ext : jimmy loo be - continuous - night wallace step from the bar and begin walk north on Centre . he see the subway entrance and step from the curb when a green mercede pull to a stop . Inside be Henry Lee . lee congratulation , detective . uncomfortable , wallace glance back at the bar . wallace thanks . I ’ve gotta ... lee you must allow I to buy you a drink . wallace I really ... lee you do a great thing for the people of this community ... let I thank you , as a show of respect ... please . Lee unlock the door as wallace hear some cop exite the bar . Rather than be see he quickly duck into the car . int : stairwell-night chen climb a rotted stairwell of the ginza massage and approach a unmark door . he hesitates , then decide to knock . he see a eye in the peephole . a old woman , seventy plus , open the door and he step inside . int : ginza massage - night all be back to normal just day later . the welcome room be fill with young girl smoking . one of the girl be May . the old woman call she over and chen see she eye be bruise . May lead he toward the back but halfway down the hall he stop . chen turn to the old woman and say something in cantonese . she nod and chen hand she three hundred dollar bill . he then take May gently by the arm and escort she out of the apartment . omit int : underground / massage room - night Lee and wallace , wrap in towel , sip champagne as they step from a steam room thick with humidity . wallace there 's more of Chinatown below sea level than above . lee there 's always more under the surface . the two man be greet by a pair of beautiful masseuse . one guide wallace to a massage table , the other take Lee outside . lee enjoy . Lee exit as wallace’s masseuse motion for he to lie face down on the table . he hesitates , but eventually lie down . wallace ( cantonese ) what 's you name ? she " shhh’s " he ... then remove wallace’s towel . he glance back , feel awkward as she begin cover he naked body with oil . expertly , she glide she hand over he skin , massage he muscle . he want to stop she , but he doesn’t . the masseuse move around , work he arm , leg , back and buttock . she then climb on top of he , and use she weight , dig deeper into he muscle . slight moan begin escape from he lip . after a moment , she reach over and dim the light . she remove she robe , cover she body with oil and glide herself slowly over wallace’s skin . his eye move about , show both he discomfort and enjoyment . she rub she lip gently across he back to the base of he neck . she kiss he ear as she mouth move across he face . she turn he onto he back . he look up into she eye , know he should stop . but he can’t . yellow fever . int : chenk apartment-night chen lead May into the apartment . she stand awkwardly in the center of the room . he turn on the lamp he pick up at phan’s . when he turn she try to kiss he ... but he hold she back . chen no . she look at he , not sure why sheus there . neither be he . they stand awkwardly . after a moment , he cross to the kitchen . he open the fridge and remove a cellophane bag fill with fruit . he take a knife from a butcher block and expertly slice a blood orange , separate the rind , remove the seed . he hand May a sculpt piece of the dark red fruit . chen ( cantonese ) from home . she take it from he . her eye close as she taste the fruit . for a short moment she be across the sea , sit with she family . chen smile , and dig more produce from the fridge . he then hand May another slice of blood orange and begin chopping the vegetable in perfect , even slice . he glance at May and see a tear slide down she cheek . ext : wallacer build sunrise the sun barely peek over the horizon as wallace enter the apartment . int : wallacer apartment - sunrise he move slowly , wear the all nighter across he face . he cut across the live room , step into the bathroom . int : wallacer apartment - bathroom - day he stop in he track . lying on the floor be he father , beat to a pulp . for a moment we see genuine concern on wallace’s face . wallace shit . sean wallace try to ... never make it . his concern fade as he realize he fatherus conscious . but he still kneel beside he and check he injury . wallace you gotta go to the hospital . sean wallace no time . he start cough and a pile of blood seep from he mouth . wallace you’re bleed inside . sean wallace would n’t be surprised ... I need the money . wallace I do n’t have it . not that kind . sean wallace how much ? wallace a grand , maybe . wallace help the big man up to he foot ... but both collapse under the weight . they hit the floor heavy . wallace shit .... come on , again . wallace start to lift but Sean shake he off . sean wallace would you give it to I if you have it ? wallace look at he father . wallace I do n’t think so . sean wallace fuckin honest , like you mother ... screw it then . might as well call the hospital . Sean pass out . wallace look at he old man , then dial 911 . omit int : apartment build baxter , hallway - day Deng and ung be come out of apartment 5C as wallace reach the landing from the stairwell . wallace the fed tip he hand yet ? ung if he have I have n’t see it . deng better get in there , heus startin to get piss at you . wallace what 's new . Deng and ung move down the stair as wallace enter the room . int : apartment 5C - baxter STREET - day the roomus fill with surveillance equipment . chenk at the window photograph the coming and going across the street where wallace bust the feed day before . chen you’re late . wallace my father have a fall last night .. I have to get he to the hospital . chen take all night to get he there ? wallace he fall last night , I find he this morning in the bathroom . chen look at he suspiciously , then hand he the camera and touch wallace’s neck . chen look like he scratch you . wallace pull away and position himself at the window . wallace when I be carry he . chen he alright ? wallace yeah . chen sit at a table and deal himself a hand of solitaire . chen he be a cop , right ? wallace the two five . chen tough beat . be that why you’re here ? prove something to the old man ? wallace be that why you’re here ? chen my old manus dead . I do n’t have to prove anything to anybody . how ‘bout you ? wallace just to you I guess . chen that 's for sure . wallace why do you have to constantly bust my ball ? chen I ’m educate you while there 's time . chen light the smoke as wallace feign embarrassment . wallace you mean you care about I ?... I do n’t know what to say . chen try nothing . wallace but I ’m overwhelm . this show of emotion . this outpour of human kindness . the caring , the warmth . do n’t look at I , I think I ’m cry . chen smile in spite of himself as wallace turn toward the window and spot two asian step from a lincoln , which drive away . wallace this two do n’t look like junky . he pick up the camera and start snap away . chen cross to the window , watch through a pair of binocular . chen no , they do n’t . they watch the two youth enter the brownstone . ext : crumbling build - day ... the two youths enter the brownstone . omit int : vacant apartment - baxter STREET - day chen put down he binocular . chen ( contud ) you get picture ? wallace yeah . then suddenly , the unmistakable sound of automatic gunfire ring out from the building across the street . wallace 's camera freeze as the gun shot echo across the street . chen shit . both man have gun draw by the time they hit the door . ext : baxter STREET apartment build - continuous - day chen and wallace hit the pavement at the same moment the two asian gangster climb into the big lincoln which immediately start back out of the alley . chen Police ! asian gangster 's # 2 's answer be a barrage of automatic gunfire . chen respond with one neat shot through the windshield and into the driver 's head . gangster # 1 waste no time push the dead driver out from behind the wheel before chen and wallace can reach the car and continue they getaway at warp speed . chen unload he weapon at the flee car before turn and head towards the chevy while wallace charge up a narrow passageway to cut the gangster off . ext : narrow chinatown STREET ( n.y . ) - day wallace come fly out of the alley and into the street just in time to get off a few shot at the oncoming lincoln which barrel right at he force he to jump onto a park car at the last minute . chen race from the opposite direction hope to block the lincoln 's path . without hesitate , the gang car plow onto the sidewalk and escape past the terrify pedestrian . chen pull a 180 , wallace hop in the passenger seat and the chase be on . ext . secret STREET ( tor ) - day wallace and chen in hot pursuit . wallace ( in the radio ) this be car seven in green sector , we be in pursuit of a blue lincoln Continental , Jersey plate five , niner , five , alpha , alpha , zulu travel south on Park row , subject armed and dangerous . request road block unit on all lane . with chen and wallace close in , gangster # 2 unload another burst of gunfire . one of the bullet puncture the windshield , graze wallace 's ear , explode the headrest behind he . chen continue to catch up as the lincoln make a sharp leave slip through the cross traffic . the chevy 's not as lucky , as it get clipped in the rear cause it to spin 90 degree and slow they pursuit . ext : pell STREET ( n.y . ) - day the lincoln move fast down pell and hang a sharp right careen onto bowery head downtown . chen and wallace struggle to keep up with pedestrian scatter in all direction . just as the gangster reach the first stoplight it turn green . they pull out into the oncoming lane cut in front of the wait traffic which be just start to move . in order to stop they and pin the chevy in , gangster # 2 let loose a barrage of gunfire which mow down the driver of the first row of car , pin the chevy behind the bloody roadblock . the lincoln take off to the right . chen back up , see a open to a alley parallel to the street and take off down it hope to cut they off . ext : spadina alley ( tor ) - day chen and wallace speed through the narrow pasageway check through the periodic opening to temperance Street try to track the lincoln . wallace there ! chen floor it - come fly out the end of the alley on to ... ext : narrow downtown STREET ( tor ) - day Cars park on both side of the street . chen come right up beside the lincoln and try to force it to a stop by push it up against the park car but the lincoln just keep charge , bang a open through the car and jump onto the sidewalk knock down a half - dozen pedestrian who can not get out of the way fast enough . chen track alongside - gangster # 2 spraying automatic fire at they , smash out the window of the park car . chen and wallace do they best to return fire . a delivery truck straddle the sidewalk in front of the lincoln , instead of slow , they speed up and at the last moment crash through park car , force a open for they to come back onto the street . the park car they punch through now block the chevy . Rather than stop , chen blast onto the opposite sidewalk , pull up next to the lincoln while he and wallace try to blow it out . suddenly there 's a elderly woman pull she shopping basket in front of they who can not possibly get out of the way . wallace yo , civilian !! chen jam on the brake , slide through a open of park car and follow the lincoln around the corner to the leave . ext : post office alley - day gangster # 2 see the chevy gain on they , lean far out he passenger side window and spray the lincoln 's tire just before a truck pull out from a load dock and send the gangster’s body fly through the air like a puppet . the lincoln do not even slow . the chevy spin uncontrollably , the front end smash into the elevate lift of a meat truck , which cut right through the windshield pin chen behind a collapse steering column . both man , shake , watch as the lincoln head for the end of the street , then suddenly pull a smoky 180 and head right back towards they . wallace what the hell be he do ? the lincoln drive straight at they with the now visible blue and white tailing it in close pursuit . chen shit . chen and wallace try and climb from the chevy . wallace can . chen can not . he 's trap behind the wheel . chen look at wallace who stand beside the car . chen go ! chen begin fire at the lincoln . wallace look between chen and the fast approach car , fire also . chen 's gun empty . because of the chaos of the delivery truck , the lincoln have only one way out , and that be to crash straight through the disabled chevy . chen I say go ! chen empty he gun . wallace refuse to leave he . the lincoln be forty yard , thirty yard . it 's engine be deafen . chen go !!! wallace stay , fire everything he 's get . out of ammo , he quickly turn , dive back in the can and grab the shotgun from the back seat . twenty yard , ten yard , he see the face of the driver when he get lucky and a shotgun blast hit the gangster in the chest . the lincoln spin out of control , twirling like crazy before it hit one of the truck and explode in flame . wallace pull chen down as the fireball roll just over they head . chen look at wallace as they sit up . omit int : interrogation room two - day schabacker Federal agent Ronald ming be dead . shot seven time in the back and I ’m think some scumbag in the fifteenth be responsible . chen inside be twisted in knot . half of he want to come clean , but the self preservation half know to play it cool . chen maybe some scumbag in the Bureau be responsible . schabacker and maybe I ’m gonna grow a tree out of my dick . chen if anybody could . schabacker and you can bet you ass it’d be a oak . schabacker stare at chen look for the slight flinch . schabacker we i.d’d the shooter ... they’re fukienese . chen breathes a touch easier . maybe it be n’t Lee . maybe it be part of the turf war . chen fukeus have be makin a move on the triad for month . schabacker that 's the only thing keepin I from rip this fuckin precinct to the ground . that ... and this . schabacker put a small tape on the desk . chen look at tape , wonder if heus on it . schabacker the asshole be in such a hurry to get move they do n’t check the body for wire . chen whous on it ? schabacker benny Wong . some other . Three week worth of undercover work . chen a court’ll never admit it without the agent backin it up . schabacker they will once you tell ‘em you’ve be work with we on this investigation . that after the shoot and before the chase , you enter the building , approach we agent who , with he last breath , tell you he get this tape and corroborate whatk on it . chen that 's perjury . why would I do that ? schabacker to keep I from bring charge against you for obstruct a federal investigation . wallace tell we how you engage in the unauthorize surveillance of a federal agent , which possibly blow he cover , result in he assassination . chen look at schabacker . chen that speech may have shiver a rookie , but you’ll need better for I . schabacker then I ’ll tell you what . you better watch you back cause my gutus still tellin I somebody in the fifteenth give my guy up and if I can n’t have uncle benny , I ’m gonna have he . chen look into schabacker face . omit int : wallace 's apartment - later wallace , dress only in pants , crack open the front door and see chen stand in the doorway . the visit catch wallace off guard . chen you alone ? wallace yeah . chen then invite I in . wallace open the door wider and chen step inside . he look around the small apartment fill with box and chinese artifact with cop eye . the kind that make you nervous even if you’ve do nothing wrong . chen you get something to drink ? wallace ( put on he shirt ) no . chen about yesterday . you save my life out there . wallace part of the job . chen maybe . I still want to say thank you . wallace you know what it mean I save you life . chen smile as he causually but carefully look through the papers on wallace’s coffee table . chen this be America , it do n’t mean anything . that say ... fed get you nervous ? wallace no . chen good . Cause whether it 's the fed , Internal affair , whoever , the inside of a cop car be sacred . you do n’t tell they what we do unless you discuss it with I first . wallace why the sudden paranoia ? chen I ’m just say . anybody ask you a question . you ask I first . chen cross to wallace and stand face to face with he , make he point clear . chen ( contíd ) no more talk with the fed until we’re work off the same page . understood ? wallace yeah ... sure . chen good . chen turn and walk out the door . wallace let out a breath . omit ext : the tomb - day New yorkus city prison and hold facility . like any toilet , it 's fill with shit . omit int : the tomb - interrogation room sitting behind a desk be chen . the Guards put Jack in a chair then step back into the hall . chen eye the kid who look even smaller in he prison rag . he wait a moment , then put a surveillance photo of jack girlfriend Amy San on the table between they . chen Nice look girl . do you know sheus in the country illegally ? Jack look from the picture to chen . chen gonna have to send she back ... after a little jail time of course . shame you two’ll never see each other again . jack toughness be go . jack you can n’t send she , sheus in trouble there . she’ll be ... chen too bad . I can n’t help you . that 's what you tell I be n’t it ? Jack feel the noose close around he neck . he do n’t have much choice . he speak quietly , already afraid of what he have to do . jack I help you , when they move I , she come too , with papers ? chen nod , then place a small tape recorder on the table . Jack look at it like it be poison . chen then put a business card beside it . chen my pager number . punch one one after you number so I know it 's you . Jack reach for the card and recorder . when he do , chen grab he wrist and pull he closer . chen ( contud ) I get you out , you better not run on I . Jack look at chen and know heus serious . chen ( contud ) I want to know who shot that undercover fed . and I want to know if whoever it be talk to Henry Lee chen let go of Jack and motion to the Guards . they reenter the room , pick up Jack and take he back to he cell . chen watch he go and it 's clear he do n’t feel good about what he just do . ext : chenk apartment , mott STREET - day a truck fill with dead pig hang on hook , stand on the corner . men carry say swine to small van park at the curb . chen , carry grocery , walk past the workmen and up to he door . he glance toward the van as he slide in he key . int : chenk apartment , mott STREET - day chen , still struggle with the death of the undercover agent , plop the package on the table , take out a bottle of bacardi and crack the seal . he pour a portion of it into a half empty liter of Coke and hit it as he cross to the window . he look at the meat van . int : chenk apartment mott STREET - day he pick up the phone and punch in a number . voice ( phone ) New York Times . chen I just call to tell you that Pete schabacker of the f.b.i. be a hemorrhoid- lick asshole . voice ( phone ) Excuse I ? chen hang up , sip he muscle Big gulp and finally have something to laugh about . int : meat van , mott STREET - day tucked inside one of the meat van , be a reel - to- reel recorder , Pete schabacker and two hysterical agent . schabacker shut the fuck up . int : hospital , sean wallacer room - day wallace move past the other patient to he fatherus bed where the big irishman lie with he eye close . wallace look down at he , then start to leave . sean wallace ( o.s. ) hey . wallace turn back to the bed . his father smile at he . sean wallace thank you . wallace be n’t sure what heus talk about . sean wallace for the money . they send a guy , he tell I you settle up . I ’m not gonna forget it . int : lee' office - night Lee sit behind he desk when wallace storm into the room . wallace do you cover my father ? lee I ’m help you because I want you to help I . wallace no way . lee my business be victimless . I supply service people want and be forbidden to they by politician . however , you ’ve see there’re that whose business be not victimless . whose tactic be violence . I can help you rid Chinatown of that element , and help keep you father alive . all I ask , be that you look out for my interest in return . wallace you’re ask for more than that . lee Long after you and I be go there will be gambling in Chinatown . there will be man willing to pay a woman for she favor . and the police will always be the last to know . that 's a fact ... now you can chase you tail in the dark and accomplish nothing , or you can really do some good . for the people of Chinatown , for you career and for you father . Lee circle he table and approach wallace . lee think of how many more young girl would have end up in dumpster if not for you acceptance of my help . wallace do think about it . know that they do save life . he look out the window at a bustling Chinatown . lee this be n’t America , Danny . it 's Chinatown . lee do we agree ?... or do you want I to call the italian and rescind my offer ? let they deal with you father . the moment of choice . its consequence be not lose on wallace . the decision be not easy ... but slowly , he shake he head . lee good . there 's something i’d like you to do for I tomorrow . Lee do n’t speak right away . he make wallace wait . lee there 's a tin shop on hogan . omit ext : tin shop - hogan STREET - morning ( day ) wallace step from the subway , cross to a newsstand , busy a paper and check the timepiece hang over the porn mag . 5:58am . lee ( v.o. ) a malaysian run it . tomorrow at six am , he’ll be receive two brick of heroin from a colombian . he clock the tin shop . he can make out the malaysian guy behind the counter and a male customer , chinese , check the rack . lee ( v.o. ) this man be scum , they deal to child . i’d like you to stop they . he take position at the bus stop on the corner and wait . he see a hispanic male , 40q , enter the store . the malaysian lock the front door and lead the Hispanic to the rear of the shop . he move quickly across hogan . he reach the front door , slide the slim jim from he jacket , and easily open the lock . int : tin shop - continuous - day wallace pull the Glock from he holster . he hear voice from behind the rear door . cold sweat run down he neck as he take position . he steady himself , then kick open the door . int : tin shop office - day wallace police ! nobody move ! he aim he gun and nearly fire when he hear yelling from one of the man and see the barrel of a .45 point at he face . but he do n’t shoot because the gun belong to chen , in the middle of busting the two drug dealer . eye wild and still yelling , chen nearly squeeze the trigger himself , but he brain register wallace faster than he finger . the two cop , breathe hard , stare at each other know exactly how the other get there . after a moment , chen cuff the two prisoner to the radiator and push wallace back into the store . int : tin shop - day chen you son of a bitch . when do Lee approach you ?! the bust on chrystie , right ? the porn operation ? wallace yeah . chen I know it . I know you story be full of shit . wallace well here you be . when do he approach you ? I bet quite a while before that . when be it , two year ago , five year ? how long have you be work for he ? or can n’t you even remember ?! chen grab wallace by the neck . chen you’re dead . you life be over . I think you be smart . you’re not , you’re as dumb as they come . chen let go of wallace . it take a moment and then it hit he . wallace you give he the fed do n’t you ? chen look back at wallace . wallace that 's why we be watch they . that 's why you press that kid so hard to wear a wire . yeah I hear about that . you want to see if it be the fuke who kill the agent or if it be Lee . they hear something behind they and turn with gun point at a seventy year old woman step through the door . int : gambling parlor - day chen move purposefully through the crowded room but he do n’t stop to play . instead he stride up to Henry Lee , grab he and forcefully push he down the hall and out into the back alley . int : gambling parlor , stairway - day he punch Lee to the floor . leeus sumo and two other triad soldier race into the room , gun draw , but hold back from fire because chenk gun be point at leeus head . chen we have a deal . lee you bring he in , not I . I could n’t risk it . chen I have he under control . lee say you . chen let he go . lee what 's do be do . you know that better than anyone . you want to help he ? smarten he up . make sure he do n’t trip over he toe and fuck both of you . I hear dirty cop have a extra rough time of it in prison . chen look right into leeus eye . chen I find out you kill that fed , I ’ll kill you . chen stride from the room , keep he gun point on target . omit ext : second STREET - day chen and wallace move across the street . the mood be solemn . chen wire . you never know who' wearin one so assume everyone be . chen stop at a outdoor fruit stand and sample the goods . chen ( contud ) another thing . if you hear something in the precinct you think we should pass along , always double check . it could be a bogus tip they want you to hear to see if it get pass along . Black or red plum ? wallace I do n’t like plum . chen you do n’t like plum ? wallace I like peach . chen peaches be shit . do n’t you ever hear that song Sinatra sing , " out of the tree of life I just pick I a plum ? " wallace I do n’t care if he pick a raisin out of sammy davis’ eye socket . I like peach . chen then I ’m not pay for it . chen pay for he plum and wallace pay for he peach . chen stop to watch a bunch of kide play soccer in the park . wallace how’d they get to you ? chen I be the first chinese cop in the fifteenth . think I be gonna clean up Chinatown . but white cop would n’t work with I and the people would n’t talk to a cop , chinese or not . only uncle benny pay I any attention . he become my godfather , take care of my debt . Henry Lee be he lieutenant . he feed I a few bust , make I look good and I like it . then one night my father walk into a gambling house and end up dead . turn out Lee know there be a contract on he . make it clear he could’ve tell I , I could’ve stop it ... get I think I be better at my job with he , than without he . the soccer ball roll over and chen kick it back into the game . chen ( contud ) and he be right . chen take a bite from he plum as the sound of a shutter on a 35 mm camera click stop the action in beautiful black and white . suddenly , a hand reach in and pull the photo off the wall . int : FBI headquarters hallway - day schacker walk briskly through the hallway carry the picture and talk on a cordless mouthpiece . schabacker it 's schabacker . I want everything you have on a detective in the fifteenth precinct . his name be Daniel wallace ... yeah he old man work crooked outta the two five , check on he too . he round a corner and approach he office where benny Wong he lawyer and two fed minion sit wait for he . int : schabacker' office - day he enter , close the door behind he . schabacker Mr. Wong , we’re run a one day sale . chance of a lifetime . the opportunity to buy you freedom . schabacker pull a audio tape from he desk drawer . schabacker this tape be obtain by a agent work undercover inside the triad . it 's cantonese but the look on wongus face tell we it be n’t good . lawyer the tape be garbage . if it weren’t , you would have arrest my client by now . schabacker lay a arrest warrant on the table and speak to Wong . schabacker lawyer be always gutsy when it 's someone else look at life . but I do n’t want you . I want whoever kill my agent . I want the cop in the fifteenth on you payroll . and I ’m willing to pay for it . omit int : fukienese crash pad , bedroom - night the phone ring as Bobby vu make out with a good look girl . bobby vu hello . int : GREEN mercede -same night Lee ride in back , speak into he cell - phone . lee we patience have pay off . uncle benny pay a visit to the f.b.i . his time be over . omit int : fukienese crash pad , live room - same night the room look like home to seven teenager who drink , do drug , fight and play with gun all day . four of they , include Jack , be on the couch , watch porno . the bedroom door open and Bobby vu enter , kick everybody off the couch . bobby vu ( fukienese ) get dress , we have a job . jack ( fukienese ) what be it ? bobby vu ( fukienese ) we take care of benny Wong tonight . omit ext : chenk apartment , mott STREET - night wallace drive to the curb as chen look at the phone company truck park across the street . chen my friend be wait for I . wallace glance at the truck . wallace how long you think the feds’ll be watch we . chen month , maybe two . chen can see that fact rattles wallace . chen I do n’t want Lee involve you . wallace it 's not you fault . chen I do n’t say it be . what I ’m say be you’re alone now . you can n’t trust anybody in the department . not the guy in the fifteenth , not the guy in the agu . and you sure as hell can n’t trust Henry Lee . so if anything get sticky , you come to I . wallace how do I know I can trust you ? chen you do n’t . chen open the car door . wallace I ’m glad it 's not just I ... nut huh ? half of he feel the same way ... but the smarter half , the self preservation half , doesn’t . chen no . wallace you wanna eat ? i’ll buy you a plum . chen smile . he want to , but he close the door . chen I get plan . wallace some other time . wallace drive off as chen turn and push into he building . int : chenk build , hallway outside he apartment - night lying against the door , cold and pasty white , be May . chen quickly check she vital , then lift she in he arm and carry she back outside . ext : gas station , queen - night the fukienese crew sit pack into a steal buick regal as one of the boy pump unlead into the tank . Jack in the middle of the back seat fidget like a inmate on death row . jack ( fukienese ) I gotta take a leak . Bobby vu look at he with the impatience of a killer . bobby vu ( fukienese ) hurry up . Jack climb out the door . he cross the forty yard of asphalt and move behind the fill station to the side of the building . ext : gas station pay phone - night he stop at a payphone nestle between the menus and lady room . his hand tremble as he slide in the quarter and dial the number off chenk card . he check the number of the phone , punch it in along with he code . he hit the pound key , hang up and wait . omit int : hudson ST clinic , hospital room - night the population , staff and clientele , be mostly asian , Spanish , and poor . the pace be fast and the care minimal by necessity . behind a curtain , May lie sleep , i.v. tub supplying nutrition , a oxygen mask supplying life . chen watch she when he pager go off . he check the number , recognize the pager code he give Jack as a young doctor enter the area . doctor she 's lucky you find she . chen I want you to write she up as decease . doctor Nick . chen she recover , she go to work . two week sheus back here , maybe not so lucky . doctor you’re ask a lot . chen reach into he pocket and pull out ten hundred dollar bill . the Doctor think , then take the money . chen let she stay a few day , till sheus stronger . then I ’ll come get she . chen look at May then slip outside . ext : gas station , payphone - night bobby vu ( o.s. ) ( fukienese ) what the fuck be you do ? Jack spin and call on every ounce of strength he have to keep from turn white . jack ( fukienese ) I ’m sick . I be n’t sure if I have to go back inside or not . Bobby vu start to smile ... until the phone ring . then he just stare at Jack , who ignore the ringing phone . jack I ’m alright . letus go . Bobby stop he ... and pick up the phone . he put the receiver to he ear , but do n’t say a word . int : hudson STREET clinic - same ( night ) chen stand at a payphone and almost speak , but the silence on the other end of the line stop he . ext : gas station , payphone - night jack leg nearly buckle as Bobby vu keep the phone to he ear . the wait be agony , but get interrupt when Black eye walk up . gangster what’re you do ? int : hudson STREET clinic - night chen hear the voice through the phone line and realize something’s not right . chen be this dominous pizza ? ext : gas station , payphone - night Jack continue to watch Bobby vu , who hang up without say a word . slowly , a smile curl he lip . bobby vu ( fukienese ) Jack think he be gonna shit he pants . he put a arm around he soldier and lead he to the buick . int : hudson STREET clinic - night chen hang up the phone . he stand a moment , then take a pen from he pocket and write down the number on the pager . ext : benny wong’s house , flushing queen - night Chinatown two and definitely the nicest . a upper income , suburban neighborhood populate by american -born chinese . out front of the gated corner house be the Bobby vus car . the fukeniese fan out around the wall surround the property . omit int : benny wong’s bedroom - night benny Wong sit in a club chair watch a episode of sinbad when he hear the krak krak krak of gunfire come from inside he house . he quickly search he desk drawer find a .38 caliber pistol . he turn toward the door and freeze as he look into the eye of Bobby vu and the other three fukienese who point submachine gun at he chest . Bobby vu smile .... benny Wong stare at he . benny wong you’re not man enough to kill I . in a flash , benny bring the revolver to he temple and shoot himself . Bobby vu look at the old man lie dead . bobby vu we kill you anyway . the four youth open up , turn benny Wong into hamburger . omit int : benny wong be bathroom - night the door open and Bobby vu enter . he lift the lid and begin to pee unaware of mrs . wong who lie paralyze with fear in the bathtub . she try to lie quietly as he unzip he pants . the sound of liquid hit liquid mix with the faint cry of police siren in the distance . he finish , take one step toward the exit then turn and begin fire into the glass shower door . he stop . walk through the smoke fill room and stand over Mrs. Wong , alive , but cut to piece in the bottom of the tub . he look down at she and nonchalantly point he gun at she chest . she begin to cry as he pull the trigger . ext : worth street-day henry lee stand outside he restaurant greeting people who pay respects to he as though it be a coronation . ung , wallace and chen buy freeze ice from a street cart try to make a buck in the ninety degree heat . wallace you be able to reach Jack yet ? chen shake he head . chen page he fifty time and nothing . he 's hidin . wallace think he be call about the hit ? chen he be on it . wallace look at all the people greeting Lee . wallace nobody seem too upset . chen except they . across the way , they see a FBI surveillance van . ung fuckin fed ... Dumb shit bring benny Wong into the federal building , should’ve just take a ad out in the papers . they suck on they freeze bar when chen notice three little chinese kid look at the ice cream . chen look at the kid . chen you stay in school ? the kid nod . chen hand the vendor a ten . chen set ‘em up . the youngster clamor for the ice . wallace whatdaya think leeus gonna do about the fukeus now that heus top dog ? chen he 's make he deal with the fuke . wallace what be we go to do ? chen I know what I want to do . chen stare at Lee with complete hate . omit int : fifteenth precinct , outside the agu office - day through the glass door we see wallace and ung catch up on paperwork as detective Deng come through it , into the hall where the coffee machine sit . she pour black coffee into a thirty - ounce cup , then hit it with a half dozen sugar . chen walk up . chen Planning on stay up for a month ? deng wait till you have a baby ... do you hear ? chen hear what ? deng I ’ve hear the feds have a case against someone in the fifteenth . this get chenk attention , but he try to dismiss it . chen I ’ve hear that every month for ten year . Deng press , like sheus try to tell chen something more . deng so have I , but this time I hear they have tape , photo , the whole nine yard . they’re piss off about they agent and benny Wong get kill and they want to hang somebody for it . chen nod to he partner as she head back to she desk . chen think for a moment , then look through the glass at wallace work away . omit int : gambling parlor - day chen enter the underground parlor . but today it 's empty , except for Henry Lee , the sumo , two other triad soldier and the dealer from last night gambling . Lee be here to collect he cut . his minion immediately frisk chen and take he gun from he . chen think I have a reason to use they ? lee I ’m not sure . lately you’ve forget that what happen to I , happen to you . Lee make sure chen get the message . chen the fed be make a case against wallace . we need to cut he loose . lee you’re nervous . you’re get soft in you old age . chen the only thing go soft be you brain . the sumo smashes chen into the wall and down to the ground . lee personal attack be go to get we nowhere , detective . chen can barely breathe , let alone get to he foot . lee but I ’ll tell you what . i’ll take you advice to a point . i’ll sever any traceable tie between we ... and give wallace a few arrest to knock the shoo-flies off he heel . Lee and he man start for the door , then stop . lee I almost forget in all this hub-bub . he peel several bill from he taking and drop it on the floor . lee today payday for dirty cop . make sure you give wallace he cut . he smile and walk out the door . chen , still on the ground , watch he go ... then pick up the money . ext : fifteenth precinct - day chen walk up Elizabeth Street toward the station entrance when he see wallace hurry out of the building . chen wallace . the young cop either ignore the sound or do n’t hear it , cause he head straight for a patrol car park at the back of the police lot . chen yell after he . chen where’re you go ? wallace stop , let chen catch up . wallace ( make sure heus not overhear ) leeus not cover my old man with the italian . I gotta move he . he start towards he car . chen I tell he to . wallace why the hell’d you do that ? chen because the fed be building a case against you . the word hit wallace like a jack hammer . wallace how do you know ? chen I know . and if they nab you it’ll take three second for you to give they I . wallace I wouldn’t ... chen yes you would ... and so would I . wallace turn away . watch some cop head off duty . chen I ’m not say it 's fatal . Point now be to cover track and keep everything clean on the surface . and when they call you in , keep you mouth shut . wallace I wish I never get into this . chen can n’t help feel sorry for he . chen you and I both . chen reach into he pocket and take out the money he get from Lee , careful that no one see he . he peel off several bill . chen this be you cut from Lee . Three grand . wallace look at chen . he do n’t want to touch the money ... but he need it . so he slip it into he jacket . wallace I gotta get to the hospital . chen where’re you gonna move he ? wallace I do n’t know . chen look at he , then hold out the rest of the money . chen this’ll cover you old man . wallace I can’t . chen just take it . wallace hesitates , but take the money . wallace thanks . chen remember . do n’t say anything . let I deal with the fed . alright ? wallace nod and head for he car . int : amy san’s bedroom , brooklyn -day Jack and Amy watch tv when chen break in the window beside they . Jack grab for he gun but chen pin he arm to the wall . chen hard to find , Jack . chen grab jack gun and slide it into he own belt . chen tell she to take in a movie . Jack utter a few word in fukienese and the young girl grab she clothes and hurry out of the room . jack I want to call . I couldn’t . chen now I ’m here . so what do you want to tell I about benny Wong ? ext : jacobi hospital , bronx -later ( day ) wallace stop in the no parking section in front of the clinic . he pop the " police tag " on the dash , get out and head inside . ext : jacobi hospital STREET - day across the street , two feds snap photo of wallace from a van . omit int : jacobi hospital , bronx - day wallace approach the front desk when someone call he name . voice ( o.s. ) Daniel wallace . wallace turn and see the two fed move toward he . he quickly hand the envelope to the receptionist . wallace would you pass this letter to my father in room 409 ? Sean wallace . before she can answer , the fed be on he flash badge as the larger agent reach for wallace’s gun . wallace ( contud ) back off . large agent do n’t be a asshole . he again reach for wallace’s gun but wallace push he off . wallace you do n’t touch my gun or my badge dipshit . I work in the fifteenth . wallace stare at the two agent . smaller agent Fine . letus just get out of here quietly . there 's a couple question we’d like to ask you . wallace continue to stare , then ... wallace my father . agent we’ll have someone on he door . after a moment , wallace turn to the flustered receptionist hold the envelope . wallace thank you . he then walk toward the door with the two fed behind he . int : amy san 'sbedroom , brooklyn - same ( day ) chen lean against the wall as Jack put on he clothes . chen then everybody split up ? jack yeah . chen good . you’re under arrest . jack what ?! chen slap on the cuff and turn the kid around . chen you’re gonna tell the fed you’ve be work with wallace and I . that the hit on benny Wong be fukienese and you’re eager to testify against Bobby vu . do it right and I ’ll back you on try to tip I before the hit . do it wrong , I ’ll go out of my way to bury you . chen hustle the kid out the door . int : schabacker office , federal build -day wallace sit alone in the office look at the stack of photo depict he action over the past few day . he also see photo of chen with May . he look at the young girl and recognize she from the raid on the ginza massage . he look up as a piss off schabacker and nypd Internal affair Inspector Vince kirpatrick enter the tiny room . schabacker why the fuck do n’t you tell I you be Internal affair ? wallace confidential undercover assignment . the key word be confidential . which nothing in the Bureau be . schabacker fuck you . kirpatrick nobody know except a few of we in ia . not even the commanding officer in the fifteenth know . schabacker well now I know . schabacker look at wallace . schabacker a bagmand kid , Internal affair . you’re old man must think you’re a real scumbag . wallace I know what he think of fed . schabacker yeah , yeah . so what have you get on chen ? wallace this be n’t a federal case . so there 's no reason to tell you anything . schabacker yes , there be . Cause from where I ’m sit it look to I like a young , i.a. rat go under to build a case against Nick chen and end up work for he . kirpatrick you’re reach . schabacker enjoy for himself the Chinatown whore and a little financial assistance to help with a family gambling problem . kirpatrick do n’t even start with that . one of the arrest Agents enter the room . schabacker i’ll start and finish with it unless somebody hand I chen . agent he 's here . schabacker who 's here ? agent chen . int : conference room , federal build - continuous ( day ) chen and Jack sit as schabacker enter the room . chen hello , Pete . schabacker hello , Nick ... whous you friend ? chen a snitch of wallace’s and mine . he’s a eye witness to the benny Wong murder . schabacker sit back into he chair and offer chen some nut . schabacker cashew ? they both sit , munch they nut . schabacker Eye witness ... and you bring he here to I ? why ? chen you know why . the two cop sit look at one another . int : schabacker office , federal build - later ( day ) the same crew as before sit when schabacker re-enter . schabacker my compliment , wallace . you must’ve sink you hook into chen pretty good . wallace what’d he want ? schabacker to trade for you . kirpatrick he say that ? schabacker not in so many word . he bring that fuke snitch of yours who ride shotgun on the benny Wong kill . he give I the eye witness , I call off the FBI investigation on wallace . wallace feel more like a shit as schabacker talk . kirpatrick what’d you tell he ? schabacker I tell he fine . we’re puttin the kid on the street to get the rest of the fuke on tape talk about the hit on benny Wong . and in return , I ’m not go to press charge against young wallace here . wallace be he still here ? schabacker he take off . schabacker lean back in he chair and smile at wallace . schabacker you gotta promise I I can be there when you break the bad news to chen . that 's gonna be priceless . wallace feel a heavy weight lay across he shoulder . ext : southern manhattan - night establish . Cloud drift over the city make the familiar landmark almost unrecognizable . int : wallace apartment , bedroom - night wallace open a safe box he have on the bed . Inside be audio tape . date and name write across the label . chenk on most . Lee on other . he grab a blank tape and pop it into a recorder . he cross to a mirror , open he belt hide the recorder in he underpant . he buckle up and run a wire up he chest . he gently tape it to the inside of he shirt , then button up . he tuck in the shirt tail and reposition the recorder . finish , he stare at himself . not like what he see . sean wallace you wire 's showin . wallace turn and see he father lean against the doorway . Sean walk over and roughly fix he sond shirt . wallace pull away and fix it himself . sean wallace how long you be i.a.? wallace first assignment . sean wallace quickest way to a gold shield . wallace do n’t say a word . sean wallace and all you’ve get to do be bury you partner . the guy who shove ten grand in you fist to back you play . wallace look at he father , wonder how he know . sean wallace ( contud ) I figure you ain’t worth much to the chink yet , so this must be chenk money . wallace’s lack of a response tell he father heus right . sean wallace ( contud ) and you’re gonna bury he . and for what ? turn he head and makin a few dollar . wallace I know that would n’t mean much to you . lyin and cheatin be what you’re make of . sean wallace and it 's a hell of a lot better than what you’re make of . wallace you do n’t know what I ’m make of . it 's the one thing I should thank you for , you lack of interest . sean wallace yeah you ’ve be real honest with you partner . wallace look away from he father . wallace end justify the mean . sean wallace the end be bullshit . the mean be what you live with . Sean reach into he jacket , hold out chenk money and toss it on the floor . sean wallace keep it . I do n’t want anything from you . Sean wallace turn out of the room . his son look back in the mirror and do a last adjustment on he wire . he then reach for the cologne on the dresser , splashes some into he palm and hurl the bottle against the wall . omit omit int : gambling parlor - later ( night ) the joint be pack . at a center table chen be teach wallace and two beauty name kim and tai , the finer point of pai gou . one of the girlusl get a hot hand and can n’t seem to make a wrong move . chen unbelievable . wallace what be we do here ? chen celebrate . you just get off death row . int : HOTEL suite - later ( night ) the foursome slide into the dimly light room with bottle of champagne in tow . chen and Kim be already halfway to one of the bedroom before wallace have the door lock . he turn and tai have herself drape over he with she hand head for he crotch . he hold she off , conscious of the recorder . wallace wait , wait , wait . she look at he confuse . tai you do n’t like I ? wallace look at the beauty and kiss she full on the mouth . wallace I get to go to the bathroom first . int : HOTEL bathroom - continuous ( night ) wallace , drunk , lock the door behind he . he splashes water on he face , then glance up at himself in the mirror . wallace what the fuck’re you doin ? he then take off the wire and remove the recorder from he short . he take off he jacket , put the device in the inside pocket and roll it up . int : HOTEL live room - night he head back into the live room but tai be n’t there . he walk toward the bedroom and peek inside . int : HOTEL bedroom - night lying on the bed be tai and Kim . wallace where 's Nick ? kim he leave . he say he want you to be very happy . she dim the light . wallace hesitates , then drop he jacket and walk toward the bed . he climb between the woman and close he eye . ext : pearl STREET - night Henry Lee and the sumo move across the street and descend through a load door in the sidewalk . int : basement-continuous ( night ) Lee and the sumo reach a door and the sumo knock . Jack answer and let they inside . int : fukienese crash pad - pearl STREET - night a dozen fukienese be there , from Bobby vu to the newest groupie . lee the police be run in circle on the unfortunate death of uncle benny . Jack try to slowly position himself near Lee and Bobby vu. bobby vu we want money . we do n’t kill he for nothing . lee it 's time to bring the cargo ship to port and unload we freight . one hundred eighty - six , at forty thousand a piece . i’d say that 's a nice start to we relationship , would n’t you ? int : HOTEL , bedroom - morning ( day ) clock read five am . wallace lie unconscious on the bed . near the door , Kim take the money from he wallet as tai pull the crumpled bill from he pants . she grab he jacket , unroll it and check every pocket . she stop when she hit the recorder . they whisper intently to each other , then quickly return the recorder and the money to where they find they . within second they’re go . int : chenk apartment , bedroom - morning ( day ) chen carry a tray with soup and tea toward the bed where May rest . chen ( cantonese ) how you feel ? may ( cantonese ) good . chen pour the tea and she reach out to touch he hand . may ( cantonese ) thank you . chen look at she , then hand she the cup . he watch she drink ... then finally speak . chen ( cantonese ) you have family here , friend ? may ( cantonese ) no one . everybody home ... everybody . chen watch the tear fall from may eye as she drink and think of home . int : benevolent association , large office - morning ( day ) Lee sit behind a large desk when chen sit across from he . chen only time I be ever in here I be talk to benny Wong . lee he be a great man . chen you’d know better than anyone . lee but even a great man can out last he time . chen study Lee and light a smoke . lee I ’ve get something for you . should quiet any doubt as to wallace’s character ... the fuke be bring in a highly valuable cargo by ship . chen that be a short partnership . lee Bobby vu will be on-site supervise the unload . take the fuke and half the shipment . i’ll keep the other half . chen you’re get greedy . lee I ’m a american . int : HOTEL bedroom - afternoon clock read 1 pm . wallace be still sleep in the dark when sunlight explode throughout the room with a whoosh ! chen letus go . we get to pick up Jack and deliver he to the fed . wallace what time be it ? chen time for a shower . you stink . chen lift the mattress , spilling wallace out of the bed . he then pop a cig into he mouth and check he pants for a match ... none . chen you get a match ? chen pick up wallace’s jacket and reach into one of the pocket . wallace’s eye snap to attention as he quickly grab a book of match from the ashtray on the night stand . wallace here . he toss the pack and chen catch it . wallace watch he drop the jacket to the floor . his heart skip when he hear a tink as the recorder hit the tile ... chen do n’t notice . chen you know you be right . wallace about what ? wallace cross over , pick up he clothes . chen I wish it be neither of we . but truth be , I ’m glad it 's not just I . wallace look at chen , then head for the bathroom . int : blue empress cafe - afternoon tai and Kim talk to the sumo who' sullen expression grow darker . he hand each girl a c-note and disappear into the cafe . int : federal build , conference room - late afternoon wallace , chen and Jack sit wait . chen you sure it be Henry Lee ? jack it be he . chen look at wallace as schabacker and a middle - age woman with short red hair enter the room . schabacker everybody know U.S. Attorney Margaret wheeler ? margaret the tape be good . probably enough for conviction on Bobby vu and the rest . but I think we hold off until they make they move to bring in the illegal shipment . we bust ‘em on the ship . then we go for the murder charge , the smuggle rap and with Jack here connect the dot to a ongoing criminal enterprise , we meet we racketeer requirement and get life sentence . chen what about Henry Lee ? schabacker what about he , Nick ? wallace watch schabacker play with chen . he do n’t like it . chen do we have a case , Pete ? margaret there 's enough to drag he before a grand jury , but it 's gonna be he word against they word and he’ll win . we wait till after the shipment come in , then the tapeus get merit . schabacker what do you think , Danny ? wallace look at schabacker , who' smile through it all . wallace it 's margaret’s call . margaret then we wait . everybody on around the clock . as soon as Jack find out when delivery be set , we’ll reconvene and organize the arrest . Margaret be first out of she seat . schabacker Nick ... after we bust the fuke , you , Danny and I should get together ... bury the hatchet . what do you think ? chen I can n’t wait . schabacker I neither . how ‘bout you , Dan ? you up for it ? schabacker smile at wallace . wallace sure . wallace push past schabacker and stride out of the room . int : crown victoria - day chen and wallace cruise Chinatown in the big blue Ford . both man drive without say a word . chen what do you think about Lee ? wallace I think if jack tape bury he it 's he fault for try to be too smart for he own good . chen and how long you think it’ll take he to trade for we ? wallace you thirsty ? I ’m thirsty . wallace pull the car in front of a fire hydrant and toss the police tag on the dash . int : jimmy loo be - continuous day wallace and chen pull up stool as the bartender cross over . chen bacardi and Coke . wallace Bud . I ’m buy . wallace put he money on the bar . both man seem to have something on they mind . chen I give that fed to Lee . wallace look at chen . wallace I know . the bartender bring the drink . both wait for the man to move on . chen I ’m gonna have to answer for he some day . wallace we all have something to answer for . chen yeah . they sit quietly ... until chenk pager go off . he check the number . chen speak of the devil . wallace Lee ? chen yeah . order I another . chen pick up he drink and cross to the phone . he pump in a quarter , dial and wait . chen it 's chen , get I Lee . chen finish the drink as he wait . lee ( phone ) where ’ve you be . I ’ve be paging you all morning . chen what do you want ? lee ( phone ) wallace be Internal affair . chen feel he stomach tighten , but heus not sure he get it right . chen what ? lee ( phone ) you hear I . chen I do n’t believe it . lee ( phone ) you girlfriend find a wire on he last night . I check it out and the fuck be make a case against you . the word hit chen like a freight train . he stand speechless . his inside reeling as he look over at he partner . lee ( phone ) you there ? chen yeah . lee ( phone ) who know how long he be wire ... he’s get to go . chenk breath grow heavy as he eye stare vacantly at wallace , who 's work a beer . lee ( phone ) you kill he tonight . chen can n’t answer either way , heus not even sure if it 's real or a dream . lee ( phone ) the fuke be take delivery in one hour . pier 25 at Port Imperial in Jersey , a ship call the dorian . take he along and make sure he do n’t leave the boat ... you understand I ? I do n’t give a shit about the cargo , the fuke , nothing . just make sure wallace be dead . be we clear ? chen do n’t answer , he just keep look at wallace , who 's look back at he now . lee ( phone ) he’ll hang we both . chen yeah . I understand . lee kill he . chen hang up . he look at wallace , then push into ... int : jimmy loo' bathroom - day he stand in the tiny room , half look in the mirror , half look nowhere . eye darting , mind racing . he turn on the water and run it across he face , but it do n’t really help . he reach for a hand towel but it 's stick in the dispenser . he rip down on the towel with all the rage , frustration and anger inside he , tear the metal dispenser from the wall and slamm it into the sink , the wall and finally to the ground . he then try to steady himself , but heus too upset . but then he pager go off . he calm himself , check the number ... then dial . a voice answer . chen Jack ... slow down ... tonight , pier 25 , the dorian . you do good , Jack . where be you ?... no , I ’ll contact the f.b.i . I want you to stay at you girlfriend , do n’t talk with anyone . after we pick up the other , I ’ll come for you . chen hang up . he take a breath and look at himself in the mirror . he run he hand through he hair and slowly exit back into the bar . int : jimmy loo be - day his eye stay on wallace as he cross the room . only now they look like he want to kill he right there . he sit beside he partner . wallace get a hold of he ? chen take a healthy gulp from he new drink . chen yeah . wallace do you tell he about the tape ? chen no . wallace what’d he want ? chen look directly into wallace’s eye . it take he a moment to get the word out of he throat . chen he want to tell I that the fukeus be pick up they shipment in a hour , in Jersey . wallace shit , we gotta move . do you call the fed ? chen yeah . they’re go to meet we there . chen finish he drink and the two cop cross for the door . omit omit ext : port imperial , dock 25 - dusk a huge container ship sit silently at dock . we focus closer on the wheelhouse . ext : dock - night through night vision goggle we see the adjacent parking lot . all seem calm at the moment . int : wheelhouse - night chen stand quietly in the darkness look through the night vision goggle . chen no sign of anybody . he turn and hand the goggle to wallace . chen ( contíd ) have a look . wallace take up the post as chen step back into the shadow . wallace Lee say a hour , right ? chen yeah ... still nothin’ ? wallace nope . chen you sure ? wallace yup ... all clear . there 's a long pause . we watch chenk face turn to stone . chen how about Internal affair ? wallace flinch but cover . wallace what ? chen I forget to mention it . Lee think they’re make a case against someone in the fifteenth . wallace ( while continue look through the goggle ) who ?! chen he do n’t know . maybe it 's just a rumour . you hear anything ? wallace be about to answer when he see a tractor trailer pull into the lot . wallace they’re here . take a look . he turn to give the goggle to chen . chen no - you keep watch . we’ve get to let ‘em lead we to the cargo . ext : container ship - night through the goggle we Bobby vu and the other be meet by a shipman and lead to the far end of the boat . wallace they be head away from we . int : wheelhouse - night chen quietly cock he gun and point it at the back of wallace’s head . chen what would you do if you know i.a. have a case against you ? would you run ? wallace ( increasingly uncomfortable ) I do n’t know what i’d do . what would you do ? wallace be unaware of chen stand directly behind he , sweat building on he face - ready to pull the trigger . chen you mean after I kill whoever ratted on I ? wallace 's blood turn to ice . he lower the goggle , turn slowly and come face to face with the barrel of chenk gun . it 's instantly clear chen know all . chen you should have let I die in the car that day . at least then I die a cop . wallace you be a cop - a good cop . and I ’ll tell anyone who ask . chen hesitates . not sure what to believe . chen and you ? wallace I do n’t know what I be . all I know be you save I and you save my father . my life be really yours to do with as you wish . his word hang heavy in the air ... and then chen fire . but not at wallace . he fire past he head , through the glass of the wheel house and hit the fukenese gangster who be about to blow they away with a assault rifle . a beat , and automatic fire come from another window , spraying the wheelhouse with hot metal . wallace take out the shooter as chen fly out the door . momentarily daze , wallace recover , scramble to he foot - look around , but chen have disappear . int / ext : funnel chamber - night wallace enter slowly and traverse the three storey high metal grate walkway . we hear only the clank of he foot as he descend deep into the ship . omit int : electrical room - night chen move stealthily pass the huge hum generator , slowly approach each blind curve . he hear what sound like the distant cry of a infant . he keep move video surveillance p.o.v . - night we see chen move through the room towards the exit . a arm carry a uzi pass in front of the camera . int : anchor room - night wallace cock he ear to the same sound as he move through the room dominate by the giant chain that connect to the lower anchor . just at that moment a fuke move out from behind the case and get off a shot that cut right through wallace 's leave hand . he yelp in pain as he take cover , rip the sleeve of he shirt to stem the bleed , then wait for the fuke to make he move . he do - wallace stand right up at he and take he out in a fierce exchange . int : engine room first floor - night the cavernous energy center of the ship . four storey 's high . a cacophony of the brute force of the engine and the steel walkway that encircle they . chen come out on the bottom level . all seem quiet , except for what seem like the distant hum of human whisper . he move slowly out into the open . the place seem empty until suddenly a shape appear on the metal catwalk two storey 's above . he turn with lighten speed - point , ready to shoot at ... wallace . there 's a tense standoff . neither want to lower they weapon first . the sound of distant murmure grow louder until suddenly the standoff be end by a common enemy . wallace whip around and send a fuke who be about to shoot he fly back against a wall . chen suddenly find a fuke charge down metal stair towards he . he blast he before he can get a shot off - the fuke lifeless body tobogan down to land at chenk foot . one holdout , black eye , equip with a ak47 on the top floor will not be take out . like some madman on crack he spray crazily in every direction until finally chen just go for it step out into the open and pummel black eye with bullet . a pipe behind the fuke explode with steam , envelop Black eye who fall limply onto a vertical crane . chen and wallace relax a beat and then bang ! Black eye be up and charge wallace . chen be faster , spraying he with everything leave in he weapon , hit and ignite a fuel pipe which spill out it 's fiery liquid set black eye aflame . the die fuke grab onto some hang rope and in a last defiant act , swing down the three storey all the time fire and come almost face to face with chen before be finally silence - he incinerate corpse landing at chenk foot . wallace scan the area while he descend the stair towards chen . there be no fuke in sight . the human murmure grow louder . without speak , chen and wallace move towards the source of the sound . int : passageway anteroom - night chen and wallace move slowly down the few step to a heavy steel door beyond which the sound seem to emanate . with silent gesture they work like the partner they have become . wallace open the door and step back , cover chen as he make he move . int : passageway - night nothing could have prepare they for what they find on the other side of the door . there , as far as the eye can see , run the entire length of the ship , be the cargo Lee award the fuke 's . several hundred illegal chinese immigrant huddle together in unspeakable condition , stuff into a tiny open that resemble 's a endless train compartment . they dark vacant eye stare back at the shocked cop who move cautiously through the passageway . it do not take long for the remain fuke 's to make they presence know with a bullet destine for chen , and intercept by the back of a innocent young male immigrant . chen , wallace and the desperate group of illegal flatten themselves against the side of the corridor . silence chen step out quickly as if to take a shot , but it 's a sucker punch as he immediately tuck himself back in then out again just in time to duck the bullet from a fuke and plant he own squarely in the gangster 's chest . chen duck back behind the steel separator that occur about every twenty foot in the passageway . wallace be one " compartment " back . a young boy , no more than six year old , drift out into harmus way . wallace reach out quickly and pull he to he side . while wallace keep quard , the kid hold onto he hand and begin to sympathetically rub he bandage - he eye plead for salvation of any kind . chen look back see this and wallace 's empathic reaction to pat the young kid on the head . chen hesitates a second , then ... chen ( whisper ) wallace ... wallace snap to . chen indicate for he to follow as he sprint out and move quickly down the narrow tunnel past the endless collection of immigrant pawn . we see they desperation not only in they face , but in they pathetic little bundle that contain all they worldly belonging . they mutter cantonese plea . chen and wallace ( cantonese ) quiet ...quiet . they come to a stop . listen a moment to the silence . wallace maybe that 's all of they . chen Bobby vu 's here , and he will never leave without we . wallace without you . wallace move out quickly out into the passageway as if taunting vu to make he move . he stop two compartment down . chen be one compartment behind . they exchange look . chen indicate to " stay put " . wallace peak out from behind the steel . one of the oldest woman in the hold , a grandmotherly face of China , motion for wallace to come closer . grandmotherly type ( cantonese ) come here , boy . come to I . wallace ( cantonese ) what ? grandmotherly type ( cantonese ) I know where they be . wallace where ? grandmotherly type come here . chen watch as wallace move out and approach the woman . suddenly the image go into hyper slo-mo . we see the woman mouth the cantonese word for " come here " . back on chen , there suddenly something wrong . he look closely at the old woman , and then , operate purely on instinct , he race forward . chen no !!!!! just as wallace step up to the woman , chen push wallace aside and take the automatic fire that Bobby vu shoot from behind a innocent skirt . wallace immediately raise he gun and fire two in the chest and one in the head . just like chen teach he . Bobby vus body hit the floor with a thud . Dead . wallace look down at chen as the blood begin spread out around he . quickly , he kneel beside he partner , gather he in he arm and try to control the bleed , but the wound be deep . he turn toward a commotion at the entrance to the tunnel and see a bunch of fed and uniform head towards he . wallace bring a stretcher !! ( to chen ) come on , hang on . chen shit . chen try to catch he breath , but he can n’t seem to . wallace you’re alright . you’re ok . chenk body spasm from the pain . wallace I ’m sorry . chen grab hold of wallace’s hand . chen who send a white cop undercover in Chinatown ? wallace look into chenk eye . he 's fade in and out . wallace ( lean close ) Nick ... can ya hear I ? chen ( barely conscious ) mmmm ... wallace Nick ... itus just you and I ... I ’m you partner . a tiny smile escape from chen just before he lose consciousness and be surround by a ems team . omit omit omit int : hospital corridor -day kirpatrick , a manila envelope in he hand , rush down the hallway with schabacker . they hurry to the intensive Care ward stop outside a room where a uniform officer stand guard . through the window in the door they can see wallace lean close to chen who lie motionless in the bed . schabacker ( to the officer ) get wallace out here . the Officer do n’t move so schabacker pull out he FBI badge and shove it close to the cop face . schabacker now . the Officer get up slowly from he chair as the door swing open and wallace exit from the room . he look at the two man then start down the hall when kirpatrick slap he across the chest with the manila envelope . kirpatrick what 's this bullshit ? wallace exactly what it say . that after a month long investigation , there 's no evidence to support any charge against Lt. Nicholas chen . schabacker you think you can get away with this forget it . he 's responsible for the death of a Federal agent . a icu team race down the hall and charge into chenk room . wallace chenk dead . schabacker and kirpatrick do n’t say a word . wallace and no matter what you believe , the officer in that room die a good cop . wallace look they in the eye , then push past they and continue down the hall . int : amy san’s apratment , brooklyn -day Jack open the door and see wallace stand in the doorway . wallace time to take care of Henry Lee . int : blue empress cafe - day Lee sit at a table with a white , middle age man in a pin stripe suit . wallace , ung and Deng enter the restaurant . wallace Henry Lee , you’re under arrest . lee i’d like to introduce you to my attorney , Mr. cotten . ung i’d like to introduce you to the inmate at rikerus Island , but that’ll take a few week . lee you optimism be refresh . Lee get up , along with he attorney . he turn to wallace . lee I be very sadden to hear about you friend , Lt. chen ... oh , I ’m sorry , he be n’t you friend after all , be he ? Lee put on he coat and lean close to wallace . lee and i’d like to thank you for kill all the witness against I . he smile . wallace not all . not the one who record this tape . wallace play a short sample of jack tape and the smile fade from leeus face ... which make wallace smile as Deng and ung lead Lee out in cuff . omit int : chenk apartment , live room - day wallace sit across from May . he slide a envelope in front of she . wallace ( cantonese ) he want you to have this . she open the envelope . Inside be a " green card " clearly indicate " official U.S. residency status . " wallace ( cantonese ) and this . wallace take out the envelope of money he father toss on the floor and give it to May who' eye well with tear . wallace ( cantonese ) you gonna be alright ? May yes ... thank you . she get up and give wallace a appreciative kiss on the cheek . ext : elizabeth street-day end credit roll as the nypd honor and bury they own . in a funeral procession that draw on traditional chinese culture as well as present day police decorum , the man and woman who serve and protect parade down the small Chinatown street in full dress blue . banner depict the face of Nick chen wave out front as he coffin , drape in the american flag draw cheer from the people of Chinatown . and no one louder than detective Daniel wallace . the end