the devil' advocate screenplay by Jonathan lemkin and tony gilroy base on the novel by Andrew neiderman revised shoot draft January 18 , 1997 for educational purpose only devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 fade in : 1 int . florida courtroom - day 1 Northern Florida in the midst of a heat wave . Air conditioner fight a lose battle . the gallery be full . the judge a stern , old hand . the prosecutor , a efficient man with a good case . the witness be barbara . she be maybe 13 . she be a witness in a criminal trial . her testimony have be carefully rehearse . barbara ... we go back to we homeroom for dismissal , unless you have a pass for sport or something . prosecutor ( o.s. ) and be that what you do on the day in question ? barbara no. Mr. getty ask I to stay after class . prosecutor what happen next , Barbara ? barbara Mr. getty close the door . prosecutor everyone else have go ? barbara yes . he tell I to sit in the chair beside he desk . mr. gettys , the defendant , be 50 . the very picture of respectability . his perfect wife and son staunchly endure this testimony . ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 prosecutor in you own word , Barbara , can you tell we exactly what happen during the next few minute ? kevin lomax . Defense counsel . take it all in . barbara ( o.s. ) I tell he I be afraid I would miss my bus . he promise I would get to the bus on time if I would help he to do something ... Kevin -- he eye -- drift around the courtroom -- take inventory -- assess damage -- barbara ( o.s. ) ... then he put -- before I could say anything -- he place he hand inside my blouse ... Kevin -- check the jury and -- barbara ( o.s. ) ... I be so frighten I do not move . I think if I be just quiet it would be okay ... Kevin -- check getty -- see something that stop he cold -- barbara ( o.s. ) ... then he other hand go up under -- inside my skirt ... getty ' hand -- down below the table -- down where no one but Kevin could possibly see it -- getty 's finger subtly feel they way along the leg of he chair -- barbara ( o.s. ) ... he hand then , it start , he start , move back and forth -- farther and farther inside my skirt ... Kevin -- glance around -- nobody else can see it -- barbara ( o.s. ) ... he say he be testing to see if I have any special feeling , that he want to find out what kind of feeling I have ... ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 getty ' hand -- excited now -- stroking the chair leg -- absently -- involuntarily -- unmistakably sexual -- barbara ( o.s. ) ... I do not know what to say , I be try to think of something to say but I be confuse and he just keep on -- with he hand -- move it -- under my dress -- higher and higher ... Kevin be rock . try not to show it . barbara ( o.s. ) ... then I , I be ask he to stop but it be like he could not hear I -- he just keep on -- suddenly , getty ' hand stop move -- barbara ( o.s. ) -- and then I scream ... Kevin look up to find getty ' eye wait for he . getty quickly return he hand into he lap . he 's be catch -- watch , as Kevin turn away and -- barbara ... then he , he get mad and say we would have to try again sometime . prosecutor and do he try again ? barbara not with I . prosecutor with friend of yours ? barbara yes . prosecutor and when you tell they what he have do to you , they tell you what he have do to they , be not that true ? barbara yes . prosecutor I have nothing further . ( continued ) 4. 1 continued : ( 3 ) 1 judge ( find Kevin ) you witness , Mr. lomax . kevin any chance , you honor , for a short recess ? CUT to : 2 int . florida courthouse hall - day 2 Kevin head quickly away from the courtroom . getty right on he heel . kevin Lloyd , as you attorney , I be advise you to get the fuck away from I . gettys why ? what be you talk about ? kevin the wife . the kid . the outrage . you definitely have I fool . gettys you be my lawyer ! you be here to defend I ! kevin you know what I be think ? why do not we put you on the stand and you can jerk off for the judge . gettys you know she 's lie . kevin get the hell out of my way . getty stand aside , as we -- CUT to : 3 int . florida courthouse men' room - day 3 a ancient upstairs facility . Kevin stand at the mirror . frozen there . Identity crisis . morality crisis . he take off he wedding ring . letting cold water run in the sink . his eye never leave the mirror . ( continued ) 5 . 3 continued : 3 behind he , the door open . a local reporter enter , move to the urinal . reporter well , hell , there you be . rumor be you be out wander in traffic . kevin not now , Larry . reporter what 's the game plan , Kevin ? I get a four-thirty deadline . I need a quote . gimme a quote . kevin fuck off . reporter ' Mr. lomax have no comment on today 's event . speculation , however , be widespread that the young lawyer 's unblemish string of victory would come to a end in this courtroom . ' Kevin pull some cold water to he face . startle , as thunder explode overhead -- then just as suddenly , become nothing more than the urinal flush ... reporter it be a nice run , kev. have to close out someday . nobody win them all . the reporter exit . Kevin alone with the mirror . and then it 's over . he 's make he decision . replacing he wedding ring . reaching for he jacket , as we -- CUT to : 4 int . florida courthouse hallway - day 4 Kevin walk through . his game face . a court officer open the door and -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 6. 5 int . florida courtroom - day 5 Barbara on the stand . everyone in place . kevin math have not exactly be you subject this year , have it ? barbara no . kevin any theory on why you have do so poorly in math this year ? barbara it 's not my fault . kevin would you say Mr. getty be the problem ? ( as she shrug ) you be not sure . have you have any discipline problem in math class this year ? barbara no . kevin no ? be not it true Mr. getty have have to talk to you repeatedly about you behavior ? be not that why he ask you to stay after class ? barbara no . kevin have other teacher ever ask you to stay after class ? barbara once or twice . kevin do they want to talk about you behavior ? prosecutor objection . immaterial . kevin go to motive . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 7. 5 continued : 5 judge overrule . you may answer the question . barbara I do not know what the other teacher want . you would have to talk to they . kevin you ever pass note in class , Barbara ? maybe a note that make fun of Mr. getty ? barbara no . kevin no ? never call he a ' disgusting pig monster ' ? barbara no . Kevin hand out paperwork . kevin you honor , I have pre-mark this Defense exhibit a ... prosecutor objection , you honor , we have have plenty of time for discovery here . the judge quickly study he copy of the note . judge I be gonna let this in , Mr. lomax , I be also gonna suggest that if you have any other exhibit you present in a timely fashion or not at all . kevin ( right to the note ) I be sorry , Barbara , I be wrong , it 's ' huge hog beast ' . this be you handwrite , be not it ? barbara yes , but -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 8. 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 kevin you write this in he class . barbara it 's a joke . kevin ' he 's a huge hog beast . he probably eat a thousand pancake for breakfast . ' you be write here about Mr. getty , be not you ? barbara it be mean to be a joke . kevin have you ever have a party at you house when you parent be away ? ( wait ) yes or no ? prosecutor objection . this be way out of ... kevin credibility and bias . judge overrule . answer the question . barbara ( rattle ) yes . kevin the word special come up in you testimony earlier . you claim that Mr. getty ask you whether you have special feeling , if you feel special . ( beat ) have you ever hear of a game call ' special place ? ' ( wait ) you be under oath , Barbara . a man 's career -- he reputation -- he life be on the line . this be not a joke . have you ever play the game special place ? barbara yes . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 9. 5 continued : ( 3 ) 5 kevin be this game sexual in nature ? ( wait ) be this game sexual in nature ? barbara we only play it once . kevin this special party , Barbara , this be the first time you tell the story about Mr. getty . barbara yes . kevin I have speak to the other child who be there that day . can you think of anything else , Barbara , they might have tell I about that party ? prosecutor objection . you honor , if he have other witness let he call they . kevin ( right at Barbara ) if I need to call that other child , I will . judge I be gonna sustain that , Mr. lomax . rephrase you question . kevin you threaten that child , do not you ? barbara that 's not the way it happen -- kevin you tell they to falsely claim that Mr. getty have hurt they , do not you ? barbara this thing do happen ! ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 9a . 5 continued : ( 3a ) 5 kevin because if they do not go along you be go to tell everyone about this special party . barbara they happen to I . kevin so you make up a story . a special story , about a math teacher -- a disgusting pig monster -- you do not like . that 's what really happen , be not it ? barbara I do not want to be the only one ! barbara' father can take it no longer -- suddenly on he foot -- charge -- barbara' father you son of a bitch ! the bailiff make a diving grab -- kevin I have no further question , you honor . Chaos -- court officer struggle with Barbara 's Father and people yell and getty hugging he wife and son and the gavel bang like mad and Kevin just sit there , stare at the floor , completely drain , emotionally , morally , physically and -- in the back of the room , a man . he 's black . elegant . amuse by the scene . his name be leamon heath . mary ann lomax lean in behind she husband . she be a doll . we love she . ( continued ) 10 . 5 continued : ( 4 ) 5 mary ann pack it up , baby . you need a drink . CUT to : 6 int . florida nightclub - night 6 it 's a rock and roll joint . Florida style . but it 's early and empty . Kevin at the bar with Mary Ann , two lawyer friend , the reporter and someone 's girl friend . 12 shot glass , two row of six . a perfect tequila pour and -- lawyer # 1 ( o.s. ) in the event we all get drunk and forget , I suggest we frontload the ceremonial bullshit ... ( a toast ) to the best damn trial lawyer in alachua County . Kevin , subdued , watch the rest of they drink . reporter so , kev , off the record , how 's it feel to squeeze a man like getty through the door of reasonable doubt ? mary ann no. ( wave he off ) I tell you already , we be not gonna discuss that damn case anymore . done. ( to Kevin ) be I right ? kevin I will drink to that . ( as he do ) no shop talk . CUT to : 7 montage 7 tequila pour . as the night go on . CUT to : 11 . 8 int . florida nightclub - men' room - night 8 drunk frat boy laugh as they exit . a bar band in the distance . Kevin do pissing . move for the sink , when he suddenly stop . freezes . a mirror above the sink . there he be . the guy that set getty free . heath ( o.s. ) Mr. lomax ? Kevin turn -- leamon heath stand beside he . heath helluva job today . ( quickly present he card ) I do not want to disturb you party . kevin milton , chadwick , Waters . never hear of it . ( look up ) what be you gonna do ? Sue I ? heath actually , we be hope to retain you service . we have be follow you progress . kevin from New York . heath you have never lose a case . kevin I have have some sympathetic jury . heath that 's exactly what we be look for . we want you to come to New York . help we pick a jury . kevin really . ( amused now ) I will tell you , man . you be pretty damn good . and the card be great . and the black thing -- you be black -- whose idea be that ? Paul 's ? ' Cause that 's just brilliant . ( as he 's walk ) I be just not drunk enough yet to fall for it . ( continued ) 12. 8 continued : 8 heath you would have to start next week . ( wait as Kevin stop there ) all expense . first class travel and lodging . you and you wife . a lump sum payment , regardless of verdict in the amount of , well ... ( in he hand ) here . take a look . Kevin take the check . still look at it , as we -- CUT to : 9 ext . florida cinderblock church - day 9 two dozen car park . music and singing from inside . a sign read : " seminole calvary church of the redeemer " 10 int . florida cinderblock church - day 10 Inside the church . plain and functional . poor but faithful . a trio -- electric guitar , accordion , tambourine -- play a hymn . forty - five voice raise in song . the tempo be rag and the pitch shaky , but the feel be strong . they mean it . the camera find -- mrs . lomax . Kevin 's mother . forty - six . sing she heart out . a woman with faith , in the presence of she Lord . the camera find -- Kevin . in the very back . stand in the doorway . halfway in . halfway out . shadow . light. wait . CUT to : 11 ext . florida church parking lot - day 11 post-service . Mrs. lomax and Kevin walk to she car . kevin it 's two week at most . mrs . lomax you have never be to New York . ( continued ) 13. 11 continued : 11 kevin every dog get a day . mrs . lomax pick a jury ... ( ridiculous ) I feel the hand of Mary Ann on this adventure . kevin Mom . mrs . lomax New York be not a good idea . kevin look , how you fix for cash ? mrs . lomax I have my bad feel . kevin ( a envelope ) I put a couple hundred in here ... mrs . lomax sound like more than two week . kevin Mary Ann type out the number for you -- phone , the flight -- it 's all in there . mrs . lomax let I tell you about New York . kevin ( with a smile ) Babylon . mrs . lomax forewarn be forearm . ( half -serious ) ' fall , fall be Babylon the great . it have become a dwelling place of demon . ' revelation eighteen . would not hurt you to look it over . kevin ( roll with it ) could not forget it if I try . ( continued ) 14 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 mrs . lomax and what happen to Babylon ? kevin ' thou mighty city . in one hour hast thou mighty judgement come . ' mrs . lomax ' and the light of a single lamp shall shine in thee no more . ' Kevin gather she in . kiss she good - bye , as we -- CUT to : 12 int . HOTEL suite - night 12 darkness . where be we ? a door open in another room -- voice -- kevin and mary ann . they be laughing . come in from a big night out . for a instant -- light -- we glimpse a great hotel suite -- and then -- kevin ( o.s. ) -- wait -- leave them off -- mary ann ( o.s. ) -- what be you ... I can not -- kevin ( o.s. ) -- close you eye -- do it -- more laughter . stumble shadow move past we and -- kevin ( o.s. ) okay . stop. 13 ext . HOTEL suite - balcony - night 13 Kevin behind Mary Ann with he hand over she eye . he take he hand away , but she eye stay close ... kevin okay . open you eye . mary ann ( as she do ) wow . 14 ext . HOTEL suite - balcony - night 14 the view . wham . the definitive New York skyline . 15 . 15 ext . HOTEL suite - balcony - night 15 kevin ' go ahead ...' ( in she ear ) '... bite the Big Apple . ' mary ann ( she 's dance ) ' ... rat on the West side , bed bug uptown , I can not give it away on seventh Avenue . this town do not look good in tatter ... ' kevin I do not know ... look to I like that dress be in you way . mary ann ( shocked , stop ) why , counselor ... ( she best drawl ) surely you do not think a small - town girl change overnight just because a man busy she dinner in the big city . kevin no , mar 'am . in fact , I hardly ever think at all . mary ann well , that 's different , then . you be my kind of guy . Kevin smile . she 's take off the dress . Babylon . CUT to : 16 ext . foley square - establishing - day 16 six huge courthouse . all that courtroom . CUT to : 17 int . jury courtroom - day 17 criminal court . voire dire . potential juror fill the bench . a bored judge . meisel , defense counsel , be a sour , New York veteran . the juror be question , a pie - face man with bad vision . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 16 . 17 continued : 17 meisel do you think as a juror you would be able to set aside any prior opinion you might hold about the savings and loan industry ? ( long pause ) that be a question , sir . pie -face what ? do I like banker ? heath catch meisel 's eye . wave he over . meisel you honor , may I have a minute to speak with my colleague . angle on defense table Kevin and heath . and the defendant -- a well - tailore reptilian banker . meisel join they . sotto voce . kevin dump he . while you be at it let 's get rid of number six , eight , and I would say lose number twelve , except the prosecutor 's gonna fuck up and do it for we . meisel number six ? you be kid , right ? she 's my first choice . kevin she 's my first pass . meisel and eight ? with the dreadlock ? that 's crazy . he 's a defendant juror if I ever see one . kevin you see he shoe ? meisel look , kid , maybe down in Florida you be the next big thing , but this be New York . Manhattan . we be not squeezing orange here . ( continued ) 17 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 kevin he polish that shoe every night . he make he own clothes . he may look like a brother - with - an-attitude to you , but I see a man who 's get a shotgun under he bed and woe betide the creature who step into he garden . ( beat ) and number six ? you favorite ? she 's damage goods . meisel she 's a Catholic schoolteacher . ( to heath ) she believe in human frailty . kevin no . there 's something miss from she . she 's wrong . ( eye to the pool ) she want on this jury . somebody hurt she and she want revenge . meisel how the hell do you know that ? kevin ( honestly ) I do not know . meisel ( to heath ) look , either you put a stop to this happy horseshit or I walk . heath walk . meisel ( a pause ) all right . here 's the deal . ( to Kevin ) I lose with you jury ? you do the explain . the defendant stare a hole into Kevin , as we -- CUT to : 18 ext . foley square jury court - day 18 Kevin leave court . in no hurry to get home . he like it here . ( continued ) 18. 18 continued : 18 across the street , a man , one of many pass on the sidewalk . except this man turn as Kevin pass . watch he . see something that please he . this be JOHN milton . and now , as Kevin disappear , milton join the flow of people head down into a subway station -- down -- and go , as we pull back to -- 19 ext . foley square - day / night ( time lapse ) 19 as day become night . 19a night become day 19 a 19b and again 19b 19c and this time lightning sizzle through the sky 19c CUT to : 20 int . HOTEL suite - night 20 Mary Ann watch tv alone . remnant of a room service dinner . they have be live here for week now . the maid have start to give up . Kevin enter look beat . grab a cold french fry . mary ann ( into she show ) you mother call . she have she bad feel . kevin every now and then she get one right . mary ann what 's up ? ( look over ) you okay ? something 's up . kevin they deliberate for thirty - eight minute . mary ann oh shit ... ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 19 . 20 continued : 20 mary ann ( cont 'd ) ( turn off the tv , comforting he ) oh , Kevin ... I be sorry , honey . what the hell do they expect ? the man be guilty as can be . be not a jury anywhere gonna let he off . kevin yeah . except one . mary ann kev .... kevin ( a big ole smile ) not fuck guilty . mary ann omigod ... kevin thirty - eight minute . my jury . mary ann you do it ! omigod , Kevin ... kevin put on something that 's gonna be easy to take off later . we be go out , girl ! CUT to : 21 int . law firm lobby - day 21 milton , chadwick , Waters . that word write in stone on the wall . the decor be stark , dramatic , awesome . the receptionist be simply stun . Kevin , wear he best suit , walk with heath . heath sorry to keep you wait , but Mr. milton get pin down in Indonesia a little longer than expect . ( quietly as they hit the view ) not bad , huh ? you can play it cool if you want , but the first time I walk in here , my jaw be on the floor . 22 int . law firm hall - day 22 the firm office . a large central atrium . Offices rim this space . ( continued ) 20 . 22 continued : 22 lawyer come in all shape and size . assistant -- male and female -- be uniformly attractive . the hum of serious business in the background . heath ( as they walk ) we have get forty partner vested at the moment . Close to six hundred associate . this be the home office , but we have get quite a few international arrangement , so Mr. milton spend a good deal of he time in the air . in addition to we corporate client , we be currently represent about twenty - five foreign country . mid - East , balkan , Central America , West Africa . interesting work , but travel intensive . Kevin slow as they pass a open doorway -- heath ( o.s. ) he 's get you schedule for fifteen minute , which be a good sign , so make the most of it ... 23 int . law firm - christabella's office - day 23 through a large window we see a woman pace she office . she 's wear a headset and argue in machine - gun italian . she be a goddess . her name be christabella . she be beautiful beyond propriety . she will also turn out to be a brilliant euc lawyer . she turn . see we stare -- like that -- venetian blind close tightly . 24 int . law firm hall - day 24 heath be now far ahead . Kevin rush to catch up -- 25 int . law firm - arched corridor - day 25 Kevin about six step into it when suddenly , he look down . stop . completely spook . heath gotcha. ( smile ) man , I just love that ... ( continued ) 21 . 25 continued : 25 the floor be nothing but glass . sixty storey above the world . a bridge between two skyscraper . heath I watch a Senator piss he pants right where you be stand . kevin ( nonpluss ) great . heath he 's wait for you . good luck . Kevin suck it up . start walk . up ahead , nothing but a open door . CUT to : 26 int . miltone office - day 26 first of all it 's round . and large . the wall be make of stone . no window . there be dramatic shaft of natural light from above . Stark and clean to the extreme . no paper anywhere . Kevin stand there . take in the space . milton ( o.s. ) behind you . Kevin turn . there he be . milton sorry . do not mean to ... kevin no. please . ( he hand ) Kevin lomax . milton ( they shake ) John milton . kevin Nice to meet you . milton have we be treat you well ? kevin very well . thank you . ( continued ) 22. 26 continued : 26 milton you wife , she 's have a good time ? kevin she sure have . it 's be great . the whole thing 's be great . milton good . that 's we secret . we kill you with kindness . ( walk the room , circle ) what 's you secret ? kevin I could not say . milton you be a prosecutor . kevin out of law school . five year in the jacksonville d.a. 's office . milton sixty -four straight conviction . what a number . kevin I like to be in court . I do not plea out a lot . milton what 's that like ? one day you be put they away and the next you be set they free ? kevin take a little get use to . milton pay better though , do not it ? kevin yes it do . milton the math teacher . the getty case . I hear you be brilliant . kevin prosecutor drop the ball . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 23. 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 milton really . so you think you guy be guilty . kevin I do not say that . milton what do you say ? kevin how 's this ? I begin the case with a clear conscience . milton ( quiet a moment ) I be sure you have a secret . kevin the man 's room . ( beat ) upstair man 's room in the duval County courthouse . there 's a hole in the wall . straight through to the next room . ( smile ) I spend five year listen to jury deliberate . milton I love it . kevin Love it all you want , just do not repeat it . I be not sure the Florida bar Association would appreciate it . milton you do not really want to go back to Florida , do you ? walk with I . 27 int . milton be office - panel - day 27 with that , milton push a button . huge panel screen open out to : 28 ext . miltone terrace - day 28 a reflect pool . Water right to the edge . a narrow walkway straight through the middle . and we be fifty storey above the city . the effect be staggering . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 24 . 28 continued : 28 milton what do you think ? some people can not handle it . kevin it 's peaceful . milton exactly . ( pleased ) fill in the resume . tell I about you family . what do you father do ? kevin I never get to know my father . he pass away before I be bear . my mom raise I . just the two of we . milton she never remarry ? kevin she be not marry the first time . milton that can not be easy in gainesville . kevin I do not think it 's easy anywhere . ( be the view ) Holy shit ... milton Little different when you be look down , be not it ? ( beat ) tell I about she . you mother . what 's she like ? kevin she 's a preacher 's daughter . she 's tough . she 's work in the same poultry plant for as long as I can remember . I think she 's up to eight - fifty a hour . she 's get a church she really like , so she 's usually either there or they go out , they do a lot of volunteer work . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 25 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 milton ' many be in high place , and of great renown : but mystery be reveal unto the meek . ' kevin so they say . milton do not rub off on you ? the book ? the church ? kevin I be on parole . early release for time serve . suddenly they be quiet . silenced by the view . milton lotta potential client down there . ( sooner or later it all flow through the street . ) kevin you do not have to sell I on New York . milton you like it here , do not you ? kevin be we negotiate ? milton always . kevin why do you need a criminal department ? milton because we client break the law just like everyone else and I be tired of send they business across the street . kevin be you offer I a job ? milton I be think about it . you have the talent . I know that before you get here . it 's the other thing I wonder about . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 26 . 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 kevin what thing be that ? milton pressure . change everything . some people , you squeeze they , they focus . some people fold . can you summon you talent at will ? can you deliver on deadline ? can you sleep at night ? kevin when do we talk about money ? milton money 's the easy part . CUT to : 29 ext . lomax build and STREET - day 29 Carnegie Hall . High off Central Park . a mercede stretch pull to the curb . heath ( v.o. ) mt. sinai Hospital right up the street . some excellent school . ( continued ) 27 . 29 continued : 29 the driver rush to open the door . heath , Kevin and Mary Ann get out of the car just as a group of uniform school child come charge out of the building to meet they bus . heath I doubt it be at the top of he list when Mr. milton buy the building , but it 's a great neighborhood for child . 30 looking up - build 30 a stately , pre-war apartment house . one unique touch ; the penthouse rise in a sort of wedding cake design . CUT to : 31 int . lomax apartment landing - day 31 turn of the century . elegant . two apartment per floor . jackie heath wait here . she be black , early thirty , and very , very attractive . the elevator door open . Mary Ann step out , follow by Kevin and heath . jackie you must be Mary Ann -- welcome . I be Jackie heath ... mary ann it 's so sweet of you to come by . jackie please . we live across the hall . mary ann you be kid ? heath right here . kevin so it 's just two apartment per floor ? jackie ( to she husband ) you do not tell they about the apartment ? ( continued ) 28 . 31 continued : 31 heath I think I would let it speak for itself . open the door , and we enter -- 32 int . lomax apartment - day 32 a dream . twelve - foot ceiling . huge , oversize room . Crown molding . a huge central hallway . and light . Kevin and Mary Ann walk through . blown away . heath it 's what they call a classic eight . jackie we have they paint everything white . let you see it naked before you pick you palette . mary ann what be I pick ? jackie palette . you color . heath I need to warn you about one thing . ( as they turn back ) there be go to be some very envious people at the firm . this apartment , there be not many of they , it 's really a partner 's perk . you must have make quite a impression . jackie take we six year to get in here . CUT to : 33 ext . lomax apartment balcony - day 33 french door open . Kevin walk out . Mary Ann just behind he . they stand there , stare at the park . mary ann be you really this good ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 29 . 33 continued : 33 kevin I sure as hell hope so . mary ann they must want you pretty bad . kevin look , mare , I be only get behind this if you be on board . you want to go home , I be with you . mary ann sure . let 's go back to gainesville . you can keep scroung for client and pump out the basement and I will keep repossess car for akamian . maybe , if we kill ourselves , in about five year we can afford a baby and a weekend shack at Gulf shore . ( beat ) be you shitting I ? she smile first . Kevin pull she toward he , as we -- CUT to : 34 int . firm conference room - day 34 incredible and extreme . forty people -- senior partner and department head -- seat at the table . they have be go around the table introduce themselves to Kevin . near the end now -- lawyer # 1 krasna . maritime Law . lawyer # 2 parvathi resh . Energy law . I run the Islamic sub-group . lawyer # 3 Joyce rensaleer . merger and acquisition . lawyer # 4 Chan sanyou . intellectual property . barzoon Eddie barzoon . manage director . christabella and another woman run in . take seat quickly . christabella beside Kevin . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 30 . 34 continued : 34 christabella christabella adrioli . economics . primarily g-7 and e.c. milton there you go , Kevin . the whole team . I be try to think how long it 's be since we be all together . all of we . too long . I be look around , I know some of you come from very far away to be with we here today . it 's appreciate . ( pace the window ) this room we be in be build -- architecturally design -- to promote healthy group dynamics . a psychic centrifuge . make you want to reach out , do not it ? inclusion . commonality . synergy . all that good shit . that 's what I be look for today . because when I hear storey -- the kind of storey I have be hearing -- about backbit , about partner not work together , department cut each other 's throat over client , or worse ... I feel drain . it drain I . I feel empty . I feel as though I have let you all down . ( off dead silence ) we need something . a gesture . ( across the table ) what do I need , Eddie ? barzoon how about a public flog ? milton wait a minute . I get it . it 's perfect . it 's intimate . it 's quick . do not cost a thing . there 's a power to it . what be it ? ( beat ) let 's hold hand . all of we . together . milton be first . reluctance begin to fold . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 31 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 milton right now . every person at this table -- take the hand of the person on either side ... Kevin find christabella 's hand at he side . milton you want out of this , Eddie ? barzoon you have make you point , John . milton you will not hold hand ? ( stare - down ) it 's important to I , Eddie . Kevin watch barzoon fold . watch the circle form . milton see . see , I feel better already . CUT to : 35 int . kevin' office hall - day 35 very nice . Major window . stripped down at the moment , but there 's a desk and phone . heath what do you think ? kevin ( kid ) I guess it will do . pam ( o.s. ) until something better come along ... in the doorway , pam garrety . never marry . two-pack - a - day habit . tough as dirt . heath Kevin lomax . Pam garrety . ( more ) ( continued ) 32 . 35 continued : 35 heath ( cont 'd ) ( as they shake ) Pam be with the Brooklyn d.a. 's office for fourteen year , so she know she way around the local scene . she will be you guide . ( to Pam ) you be gonna be expedite he New York bar application , right ? pam in the pipeline . for now , we will just have you work pro hac vice . we have petition Florida for a letter of good conduct . and ... ( a folder ) ... I prepare , at Mr. milton 's request , a overview of the moyez case . kevin the moyez case ? CUT to : 36 ext . east harlem STREET - day 36 deep ghetto side street . one of that block that have be completely lose . one whole side of the street have nothing but board - up row house . a black town car pull through . slow now -- 36a int . car ( east harlem ) - day 36 a Kevin and he driver peer across the street . driver I gotta stick with the vehicle . CUT to : 37 ext . dahoumey baka - day 37 a storefront botanica . insane color . rust iron grate cover two tiny cataract window . a steel door be open . there 's a sick -look dog tie to the doorknob ; he begin barking wildly , as he see -- Kevin walk from the car . suit and tie . briefcase . turn , as he hear -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 33. 37 continued : 37 junkie ( o.s. ) you get them ! go get them , man ! Three junkies campe on the stoop of a burn - out brownstone across the street . dull , waste face arouse by the dog's barking -- junkie tell she turn that shit down ! I know what she 's doin ' ! that 's right ! tell them take that noise back t' Africa ' fore I -- stop instantly because -- a woman be stand in the botanica doorway . her skin be jet black . her eye be pale blue . her hair be white . she hold a live chicken by its foot . the dog be still barking so she slap it . hard . now there be silence . kevin I be look for phillipe moyez . she move aside . Kevin enter -- 38 int . dahoumey baka - day 38 it 's dark . oil lamp and candle for light . the air thick with incense . jar and bag and box be stack on shelf everywhere . powder . oil . bones. skin . potion . dried herb . kevin I call this morning , I be not sure who I speak with . ( awkward silence ) I be he lawyer . I have a card ... ( find it ) they say he would meet I here . phillipe moyez . woman ( into the back ) bhalla ! bhalla ! Kevin take a very deep breath , as we -- CUT to : 39 int . dahoumey baka - stair - day 39 darkness . a door open above we . a boy -- maybe ten -- stand there . Kevin behind he . ( continued ) 34 . 39 continued : 39 kevin look , I be not sure I be make myself clear here . boy moyez . ( a french accent ) you need he . speak wid he . 40 int . dahoumey baka - stair - day 40 the Boy hit the light . a naked bulb on the landing below . Beyond that , darkness . kevin you be say he 's down here ? ( incredulous ) in the basement ? in the dark ? boy ( laugh ) where ? where you think -- ? where you think I take you ? 41 int . dahoumey baka - basement hall - day 41 the Boy , still laugh , start down the stair -- into the darkness . Kevin hesitates . suck it up . crouch not to hit he head as he go down into -- 42 int . dahoumey baka - basement - day 42 around the landing -- the Boy still in front of he and -- down -- as another light come up and the boy move quickly through the space , turn on lamp here and there . no furniture . mound of bone . the wall paint a deep , black red . 43 int . dahoumey baka - moyez' basement - day 43 Kevin wait as the last light go on -- moyez ( o.s. ) I think I would recognize you , but I do not . Kevin , spook , wheel around -- ( continued ) 35 . 43 continued : 43 phillipe moyez squatting in the corner . skinny and intense . his eye opaque and pierce at the same time . at once unassume and terrifying . a plastic bag of fresh green root in he lap . ghat. miraa . African cocaine . his tooth black from chew it . kevin Mr. moyez ? ( as he nod ) we have never meet . I be a lawyer . I be here about the animal . moyez as you wish . kevin I will be argue you case with the city . I need to ask you some question . ( get folder ) I have do a little preliminary research -- precedent -- case in the past that deal with santeria and vou -- moyez no . this be not santeria . we be not voodoo . candomble . obeayisne . none of that . we be much older . before . before all of it . kevin okay . be there a name ? or ... moyez we have papers . at you firm . we have the tax exemption . kevin okay . I will get right into that . ( scribbling away ) the animal . let 's start with that , then . moyez we have a investment in blood . think of it as spiritual currency . moyez stand . start slowly across the room . kevin look , Mr. moyez , I be go to need you help with this . ( continued ) 36 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 moyez yes . that 's very clear . kevin perhaps we could start at the beginning ? moyez , ignore he , move to a old refrigerator beside the stair . for a instant , the door be open -- just a glimpse . meat . bag of entrail . jar of blood . moyez go to a workbench near the wall -- kevin Mr. moyez ? moyez what be the name of the man who will prosecute we ? kevin ( scan file ) merto. Assistant District Attorney Arnold merto . moyez bhalla . La chemise noire . vite ! the Boy already run up the stair . the sound of nail falling onto the workbench -- kevin what be you do , Mr. moyez ? moyez stand aside , wiping he hand on he trousers . a huge beef tongue sit on the bench . the nail be scattered around it . moyez you can go now . you will have all the help I can give you . moyez now with a hammer . and the nail . driving it into the tongue . Kevin back away , as we -- CUT to : 44 int . kevin' office and hall - day 44 video monitor -- full frame . devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 37 . 45 int . dahoumey baka basement - day 45 Hand -held footage of a police raid . we be run -- through a building -- New York cop -- a animal control officer -- through a door -- voice yell -- down some step -- into a back yard -- people stand -- here -- a scuffle start -- voice rise -- the camera shaking -- we see bhalla -- and the woman -- and -- there -- in the middle , be a goat -- on its knee -- its throat have just be cut -- blood pour into a pan and moyez hold its head with one hand -- a knife in the other and this positively orgiastic expression on he face , and on that image , we freeze frame . 46 omitted 46 &amp ; &amp ; 47 47 reverse to : 48 int . kevin' office and hall - kevin - day 48 with the remote control . Pam there with he . a long , sour silence . pam what do you think ? kevin it 's a health code case . and it 's a loser . so what 's the point ? ( watch she ) it 's a test , right ? pam be not everything ? kevin the smart thing to do be make a deal . plea he out and suppress the tape . pam I be sure the d.a. 's wait for you call . kevin yeah , well , let he wait . ( beat ) and you can tell milton too . ( beat ) I do not come to New York to plea bargain . CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 38. 49 int . lomax apartment - day 49 Jackie rejecting Mary Ann 's color choice . CUT to : 50 int . kevin' office and hall - night 50 Law book stack around . a associate wheel in a trolley with more book . CUT to : 50a int . lomax apartment - night 50 a Mary Ann eat fry chicken . she do not like the wallpaper . she 's tear it off , as we -- CUT to : 50b int . kevin' office and hall - night 50 B Kevin work late . across the hall Pam be go home . pam it 's only a health code case . CUT to : 51 int . manhattan courtroom # 2 ( moyez courtroom ) - day 51 bench trial . no jury . judge Theo sklar and staff . a.d.a. merto at he seat . Pam sit with moyez . other than that , it 's empty . a rump roast slap down onto a table . kevin ( o.s. ) that 's a veal roast , you honor . u.s.d.a. approve and stamp . eight day ago , in Kansas City , two man push a calf into a steel frame as a third man fire a high - voltage staple - gun into the animal 's skull . Men kill animal and eat they flesh . phillipe moyez kill a goat . he kill a goat . and he do it at home , in a manner consistent with he religious belief . now some people may find it bizarre . ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 38a/39 . 51 continued : 51 kevin ( o.s.cont 'd ) it 's certainly not a religious practice perform by everyone . it 's not as common as , say , circumcision . it 's certainly not as common as the belief that wine be transformed into blood . it 's not even as common as the handle of poisonous snake to prove one 's faith . but phillipe moyez be not two thousand mile away in a stockyard . he do not use electricity to kill . and worst of all ... ( hold up the roast ) phillipe moyez be not shrink - wrap . merto begin to cough . quietly at first , but ... kevin you honor , the city time this police action to catch my client exercise he constitutionally - protect right to religious freedom . merto 's cough get worse as he try to stop ... judge sklar this be a law protect kosher butcher . kevin exactly , you honor . and I would like to move at this time for a immediate direct verdict for dismissal . moyez stare a hole in merto , and the man can not stop cough ... judge sklar I happen to know a little bit about kashrut law , Mr. lomax . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 40 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 kevin I be aware of that , you honor , which be why I feel confident in request a dismissal . judge sklar Mr. merto ? merto can not speak -- wheeze and cough , as we -- CUT to : 52 int . moyez courthouse hallway - day ( ten minute later ) 52 empty and dark . Kevin , moyez and Pam leave the courtroom . all smile . moyez shaking he hand and thanking he , and then , from behind they , the sound of one person clapping -- milton ( come toward they ) bravo , Kevin . bravo. ( as he arrive ) pamela , you be look lovely . ( to moyez ) satisfied , phillipe ? moyez always . milton Kevin , what can I say ? ( smile ) outstanding . Kevin , try to look modest and fail , as we -- CUT to : 53 ext . canal STREET ( chinatown ) - day ( little later ) 53 a street - food stall . milton pay for Kevin 's eggroll . and they be walk ... milton best street food in the world . try that . tell I it be not great . ( as Kevin eat ) New York . what a scene , right ? ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 41. 53 continued : 53 milton ( cont 'd ) guy like moyez live in that subterranean shithole all the time he 's run around with fifteen million dollar in the bank . kevin you gotta be kid . milton what do you think ? we be give you away ? he 's pay we in goat 's blood ? I be billing you out at four-hundred a hour , my friend . I do not see a whole lot of pro bono work in you immediate future . ( buzzing here ) seriously , what I like , you get in there with he . Inside the cage . that 's instinct . can not be teach . you gotta hear that on you own . it 's gotta be in you blood . it 's molecular . I bet I have get five thousand lawyer work around the planet . I could not name ten -- could not name three -- I would trust with moyez . kevin so what the hell be they do ? milton what be they do ? they be corporate lawyer , what do you think they be do ? they be busy reduce life and death to the proper position of a semi - colon . they be do needlepoint . push button battle . push button war . army that get so fuck far away from each other they need satellite to tell they who win . no pain . no sound . no smell . one big , multinational circle jerk . you , on the other hand , you be on the slaughterhouse floor . you can not help but smell you client . kevin I figure you come to court to make sure I do not fuck this up . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 42. 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 milton maybe I do . but do not get too cocky . no matter how good you be . do not let they see you come . that 's the gaff , my friend -- make yourself small . be the hick . the cripple . the nerd . the leper . the shit - kick surfer . look at I -- I have be underestimate from day one . do I look like a master of the universe ? that 's you only weakness as far as I can tell . kevin what 's that ? milton the look . the Florida stud thing . ' scuse I , mar 'am , do I leave my boot under you bed ? ' kevin never work a jury do not have a woman . milton you know what you be miss ? what I have ? this beautiful girl she 's just fuck I every way she know how -- we be do -- she 's walk to the bathroom -- she turn back -- and there I be . it 's I . and she smile -- it 's like a veil come down across she face -- and that smile , that 's a question mark , because she 's look at I , she 's wonder , how do that happen ? and see , right there , from that moment on , she 's get a secret . I be the hand up mona Lisa 's skirt . I be the whisper in nefertitti 's ear . I be a surprise . they never see I come . that 's what you be miss . milton escape across the street . kevin so why do you come down today ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 43. 53 continued : ( 3 ) 53 milton because I know it be gonna be good . because I know I be gonna like it . that you would shine -- that we would take this walk -- that we would really talk . why I come down ? you want the truth ? I be a aging , hipster plutocrat . I come up from nothing . from dirt . I be warming my hand on you talent -- ( distract then -- ) where 's the chicken ? kevin what ? a chinese man sit in a doorway -- milton ( perfect cantonese ) where 's the chicken ? the chicken that play tic-tac-toe . he use to be right here . chinese man ( cantonese ) no , you pass it . back that way . milton ( back to Kevin , as they walk ) there 's a chicken , he 's famous , he play tic-tac-toe . he never lose . ( suddenly ) hey . like you . right ? ( catch himself ) look , I be rambling because I be excited . you be in the part of the game I like best . the realm of the true believer . you be a believer , be not you ? kevin I believe in the presumption of innocence . milton better a hundred guilty man go free than a single innocent be execute . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 44 . 53 continued : ( 4 ) 53 kevin something like that . milton no. exactly like that . it 's faith . you be either in or out . you can not believe a little bit . kevin I be kid . milton you be not here to amuse I . see , that 's why people hate lawyer . so many of we have lose we faith . do not let that happen to you . token ? kevin Excuse I ? milton offer a token . behind he , the entrance to the Canal Street station -- milton learn the subways , Kevin . use they . stay in the trenches . Kevin take the token , as we -- CUT to : 54 omitted 54 &amp ; &amp ; 55 55 56 int . lomax apartment - night 56 Kevin just come in from work . the apartment be start to come together . still not enough furniture , but the sparseness read as elegance . kevin ( walk through ) mare ... mare ...? mary ann ( o.s. ) ( from the bedroom ) you be late ... ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 45 . 56 continued : 56 he stop . in the hallway -- a wall be miss -- sheetrock stack on the floor -- tool pile around -- a renovation project halt for the night . kevin what 's all this ? mary ann ( o.s. ) all what ? Mary Ann up the hall in the bedroom door . finish she makeup for a night out . mary ann oh , that ... ( smile ) it be gonna be a nursery , but then I remember you would have to be home long enough to knock I up , so now I be think of building a law library . Kevin smile . drop he briefcase . drop he pants . mary ann save the think . we be due up there fifteen minute ago . she blow he a kiss . ducking back into bedroom . CUT to : 57 int . lomax apartment build - elevator - night 57 Kevin and Mary Ann in they go-to-meeting clothes . go up . nervous . mary ann tell I I can handle this . kevin you can handle this . mary ann say something nice . kevin something nice . mary ann promise I you will not leave I alone in there . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 46 . 57 continued : 57 kevin promise . mary ann how the hell do we get here ? kevin instinct . 58 int . barzoon apartment - night 58 the door open . diana barzoon , tonight 's hostess , stand there . diana there you be ! ( to Kevin ) diana barzoon , Eddie 's wife . ( a air kiss for Mary Ann ) come on , you two . everyone can not wait to meet you . 59 int . barzoon apartment - night 59 twice the size of Kevin 's place . decorate and furnish to the max . seventy - five guest and ten in staff . the crowd be very smart , sleek , and experience at this sort of thing . Mary Ann 's hand squeezing Kevin 's just a bit more tightly as diana lead they into the throng , and we begin -- 60 int . barzoon apartment - night 60 series of shot - party face -- some of they stranger . some of they familiar from the conference room scene . 61 kevin 61 huddle with Jackie and Mary Ann as heath bring they drink from the bar . 62 pam 62 and two lawyer near the terrace door -- the smoking section -- talk with nicotine - drive intensity . 63 omitted 63 devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 47 . 64 christabella 64 simply walk through the room . 65 eddie and diana barzoon 65 they have find Kevin and Mary Ann . diana I love the eight . the entire ' a ' line -- such a great shell . ( manic and perhaps a bit insane ) I do . I envy you . start from scratch . do you have you fabric yet ? tell I you do not . mary ann not yet . I do not think so . diana come with I . instantly . ( to Kevin ) I be borrow you wife ... barzoon be gentle , honey . this be normal people . Mary Ann give Kevin a " help I " look as she 's drag into the party -- barzoon you first ? kevin Excuse I ? barzoon be this you first marriage ? dissolve to : 66 omitted 66 67 int . barzoon apartment - same scene ( party ) - night 67 ( later ) Front door -- abuzz -- milton have just arrive . devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 48. 68 int . barzoon apartment - night 68 across the room , Mary Ann with Jackie and diana and another wife -- mary ann who be that ? jackie ( look over ) my God , girl ... diana you have not meet he yet ? mary ann who be he ? 69 int . barzoon apartment - night 69 milton -- across the room -- look over -- he 's find they -- already come toward they -- smile -- diana I swear he can hear we . jackie Hell , he can smell we . milton Mary Ann ? John milton ... ( he hand and eye ) I be hope we would meet tonight . and here you be , already swim with the shark . even as he say this , he 's kissing they smile cheek . Mary Ann look a little lose , as we -- CUT to : 70 int . barzoon apartment - night ( same time ) 70 Kevin talk with another lawyer . look over as christabella glide through the room . CUT to : 71 int . barzoon apartment - sofa - dusk ( same time ) 71 milton and Mary Ann sit together . alone . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 49 . 71 continued : 71 mary ann deadbeat . I mean , that 's what it come down to . you can call yourself a finance trainee , or a financial resource adviser , or whatever , you be still spend most of you day try to hammer car payment out of deadbeat . ( look around ) no deadbeat here tonight . milton you would be surprised . there 's a lot more fear in this room than you would think . mary ann what do this people have to be afraid of ? milton each other . themselves . why ? what scare you ? mary ann not know who the deadbeat be . milton you will figure that out . there 's only one thing worth be frighten of anyway , and that 's be alone . truly and finally alone . mary ann yes . I think you be right . milton you know what terrify I ? responsibility . mary ann for what ? milton for what . for you . let 's be honest , I have change you life . change it forever . there 's be a seismic shift in you existence and I be responsible . and you have never even meet I . we be talk for the very first time . how insane be that ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 50 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 mary ann it 's a wonderful opportunity for Kevin . milton Kevin . please . I be not worried about Kevin . he busy a few new suit . learn a few new trick . he 's there . I do not worry about Kevin . what about you ? mary ann I be not leave a lot behind . milton you must have family . mary ann bad subject . I have not speak to my folk in a long time . my sister run all the way to Germany . milton whoaa ... I gotta think about that . I have you down as daddy 's little girl , you know ? the princess . sugar plum snapshot . pastel bedspread . cinnamon cookie . mary ann I tell Kevin the only thing worse than not have a father be have mine . milton so you have get a lot at stake here . you have make a real commitment . mary ann I guess I have . milton it 's not gonna be like gainesville , but then you know that already . mary ann we be gonna be fine . it 's gonna be great . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 51 . 71 continued : ( 3 ) 71 milton if it be not , will you come to I ? let I help ? I would feel a lot less responsible . will you do that for I ? mary ann sure . milton the worst vice be advice , right ? but can I make a suggestion ? it 's about you hair , some people be sensitive , that 's why I ask . mary ann no . I mean , go ahead . you do not like it ? milton you have shoulder nobody can see . pull it back . mary ann you mean , you want I to pull my hair back ? milton if I do it , everyone in this room that 's pretend not to watch we will assume we be fuck or something . pull back you hair . ( there 's the mirror ) take a look . see . that 's it . be not that incredible ? you need to cut you hair . mary ann you be kid . milton a woman 's shoulder be the frontline of she mystique . and she neck , if she 's alive , have the very mystery of a border town . it 's the no man 's land in the battle between mind and body . ( beat ) you know , you natural color would really bring out you eye ... Mary Ann freeze there , as we -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 52. 72 ext . barzoon apartment - terrace ( park view ) - night 72 ( magic hour ) Kevin stand at the rail . he look over . christabella not ten foot away . christabella do you have this view ? kevin sorry ? christabella from you terrace , be this you view ? kevin sort of . not exactly . I be about twelve floor down . what about you ? christabella no , I live downtown . this be the family building . kevin sound like fun . downtown , I mean . I be just get to know the city . christabella be it everything you expect ? kevin more . christabella ( raise she glass ) May we always have more than we expect . salute . kevin amen . christabella be you alone ? kevin you mean , tonight ? christabella be you wife a jealous woman ? ( beat ) silly question . we be all jealous , be not we ? ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 53. 72 continued : 72 christabella ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) oh , dear , I be go to scare you away . kevin I doubt it . christabella you like to be on top , do not you ? kevin Excuse I ? christabella of the situation . you prefer to be on top . kevin depend on the view . milton ( o.s. ) you know what I see ? milton in the doorway . he 's be watch they . milton I see the future of this law firm . ( perfect italian ) christabella , cara , prestamelo per favore , pe lo riporto piu tardi . christabella it 's a boring party , anyway . ( to Kevin ) ciao . Kevin can not help watch she walk away . milton look , we gotta talk . you grab heath and Eddie barzoon and get up to my place right away . and let 's be quiet about it . CUT to : 73 omitted 73 through through 76 76 devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 54 . 77 int . barzoon apartment ( party ) - night 77 get louder and wilder . Mary Ann look lose . search for Kevin ... he 's not here ... not there ... mary ann have you see Kevin ? Jackie heath shaking she head no , as Mary Ann continue on through the party . CUT to : 78 int . lomax apartment - elevator - night 78 silence . go up . Kevin , heath , and barzoon . CUT to : 79 int . barzoon apartment - study - hallway - night 79 Mary Ann still look for Kevin . scan face . stop as she reach a door . open it and -- 80 int . barzoon apartment - study - night 80 just enough light to make out two men stand across the room . silhouettes against the window . mary ann sorry ... ( in doorway ) I be look for my husband . the Men -- two vaguely familiar face from the firm . man # 1 do not think he 's here . suddenly , a woman 's head rise into frame -- woman it 's just we ... man # 2 but feel free to join in ... and suddenly it 's clear , she 's walk in on a impromptu menage a trois . the woman be kneel on a table , dress hike up , ass in the air . man # 1 fuck she from behind . man # 2 be get blow and -- Mary Ann in shot as the woman begin to laugh and the door wipe the frame . devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 55 . 81 omitted 81 82 int . miltone apartment - night 82 the penthouse . one enormous room . Grand scale everything . otherworldly . stagger . of special , special interest : a huge Bas relief dominate a entire wall . carve into the marble be human form -- young , naked body swim in a hypnotic chaos of cloud . milton be on the phone . two line go . the dialogue be unimportant , we will not understand it anyway -- he 's go back and forth between Korean and Russian -- broker some emergency deal . heath be at the bar , mixing drink . barzoon have a cigar . Kevin just stand there gape at the space . kevin be there more to it ? barzoon just this room . kevin and a bedroom ? barzoon no bedroom . kevin where do he sleep ? heath who say he sleep ? kevin where do he fuck ? milton ( o.s. ) ( behind they ) everywhere . barzoon what 's up , John ? milton how many hour do we bill Alex Cullen last year ? heath sixteen thousand , two hundred and forty - two . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 56 . 82 continued : 82 barzoon what the fuck do he do now ? milton Alex Cullen have just be charge with murdering he ex - wife , she stepson , and a may . barzoon when do this happen ? milton just now . tonight . I already send Pam downtown to make bail arrangement . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 57 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 barzoon they will fuck crucify he . they will get in line . I gotta call meisel ... milton no . I want Kevin on this case . barzoon I hope you be kid . ( beat ) Alexander Cullen in a Manhattan triple murder ? with Kevin ? you be dream . milton I have shake hand with every marquee defense attorney in town . I take Kevin and I do not look back . barzoon you be a great judge of talent , John . you be the master . I just do not see it come together . milton I want you on board , Eddie . kevin look , I appreciate the vote of confidence , but maybe Eddie 's get a point here . milton we can get this case . the man 's we client . barzoon he 's a business client . milton we know he better than he know himself . we have the inside track . we have the best damn trial lawyer in the city . it 's ours to lose . barzoon tell it to Cullen . milton no . that 's up to Kevin . ( continued ) 58 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) 82 with that , the phone start ringing -- milton that 's Pam call ... ( to Kevin ) be we fight for this , or not ? CUT to : 83 int . lomax apartment - night 83 it 's late . Dark . Kevin tiptoeing through the apartment -- turn the corner and -- mary ann you leave I there . I have a fuck panic attack until Jackie tell I where you be . ( raw ) Three hour ? you do not even call ? kevin stop. reset . I be upstairs , I be with milton and barzoon and there be a very good possibility that I be about to catch a triple homicide defendant who also happen to be the large real estate developer in the city . I have to bail on the party ! mary ann you bail on I ! kevin mare ... do you hear I ? mary ann I be all by myself ! kevin for three whole hour ... ( as she 's walk ) you gotta be kid , right ? no , she 's leave . Kevin leave there , alone -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 59 . 84 ext . STREET - construction site - day ( morning ) 84 a news van whipping up the block . tire screeching as it pull up beside a construction site where two other news van be already unload . the smell of headline and -- 85 ext . STREET - construction site - day 85 two photographer sprinting toward the shell of a high - rise building . a sign blanket the scaffold . huge , ego -size lettering read ... cullen tower " the next great address " CUT to : 86 ext . construction high - rise - day 86 look down from fifty storey high , as the media vehicle converge like toy below . cullen ( v.o. ) ... look at this , I be not out twenty minute , we be run from the goddamn press . look at that insect down there ... 87 int . construction high - rise - day 87 alexander cullen turn back from the edge . forty -five . Tan , grief -stricken , and sleep deprive . the space be huge and bare . unfinish concrete . Wide , open view . Kevin , milton , and barzoon stand there . cullen ... you may be right , but look at it from my point of view . I be sure he 's a whiz kid . I believe you . but this be my ass we be talk . ( to barzoon ) Jesus , Eddie ... milton Alex , you know how this town work . you have get enemy you never hear of . and now ? now you be down ? I would prepare for a class -a , New York pig-fuck . you be go to have to ask yourself who you really trust . who do you trust , Alex ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 60 . 87 continued : 87 cullen I do not know ... I gotta look around . kevin you do not have time to shop , Mr. Cullen . ( the newspaper ) jury selection start this morning at every breakfast table in the city . you lose round one . this be what people know . they know you and you wife be live separately . they see this may -- elucinda -- a sixty - eight - year - old grandmother support seven child . and then there 's you stepson , a ten-year - old with a bullet in he brain . that be already powerful image in the mind of the public . cullen I do not kill anybody . kevin I be tell you how it look . you discover the crime . you call it in . you have get blood on you person and clothes , and -- ( before Cullen can cut he off ) -- and -- you print be on the murder weapon . cullen how do you know that ? kevin there 's a second print in blood -- it 's a partial of a hand -- on the wall next to th -- cullen I have key ! I call the cop from the house ! I touch the goddamn wall ! ( to barzoon ) I be panicked ! I panicked ! kevin we need twelve people who can see past all that . I would get out in front of this fast . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 61 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 cullen I panicked ! be that a crime ? I touch the wall ! barzoon he 's right , Alex . people need to hear this thing . kevin you be not happy tomorrow ? the next day ? we will move over . but right now -- this moment -- you need immediate representation . cullen I have get a fourteen - year - old stepdaughter who I care more about than anything in the world . they will not let I call she from downtown . they will not let I talk to she after I be out . I gotta go deal with that first . kevin we need to issue a statement . Cullen look to milton . wait . help I . milton he 's a winner , Alex . and they will never see he come . cullen I be gonna make some very tough phone call . then I be gonna take a pill and try to get some sleep . my place . eight a.m. tomorrow . alone. ( beat ) and you better be every fuck inch as good as you think you be . CUT to : 88 omitted 88 89 ext . soho boutique STREET - day 89 a woman with short dark hair -- she back to we -- look in a shop window . her reflection in the glass , it 's Mary Ann . she 's cut and color she hair . Jackie and diana already go in and -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 62. 90 int . soho boutique and dressing room - day 90 White wine and couture . Mary Ann hold a blouse . mary ann ( whisper ) this be three thousand dollar . jackie know what you need to do ? buy it . wear it once . and then throw it away . that will loosen you up . diana I say spend it all . if you be never gonna see you husband , you might as well have a relationship with he money . ( as she strip ) I swear , if he be not afraid of I shoot my mouth off , Eddie would have put a cellulite clause in the pre-nup . jackie Dr. Robert , I be tell you , he 's the miracle man . you have see my new tit , I mean who do it better than that ? diana it 's not my tit I be worried about . Mary Ann turn . Jackie beside she . topless . smiling . jackie Real or not ? ( she breast ) they look real ... ( she shimmy ) they move real ... mary ann ( trap there ) must be real . jackie feel they . go ahead . that 's the ultimate test . before Mary Ann can stop she , Jackie be take she hand , guide it to she breast , and hold it there . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 63. 90 continued : 90 jackie ( smile ) feel real ? mary ann yes. ( pull away ) absolutely . Real . jackie ( back away ) Dr. Robert . when you be ready . Mary Ann look away as Jackie walk off . everything be as it be , and yet different . and then , she turn and see -- 91 omitted 91 92 int . soho boutique - dressing room ( fx ) - day 92 ( efx ) Jackie pull a dress down over she head . she 's take she time because it 's a delicate , clingy ... 93 int . soho boutique - dressing room ( fx ) - day 93 ... complicated outfit -- turn -- and for one brief moment we see a serpent 's head -- disappear now into the dress as she struggle inside the material -- she body -- the body inside the dress -- transform -- rib and spike and huge move muscle strain the limit of the material , and then , suddenly , it 's over . 94 int . soho boutique - dressing room - day 94 Jackie 's face appear . she straighten the seam . turn now -- jackie what do you think ? but Mary Ann be go . CUT to : 95 omitted 95 through through 102 102 devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 64/65. 103 int . law firm - staircase / office - day 103 Kevin , come out a door with heath and a associate . kevin ... first thing -- I need this asap -- I want article , clipping , tv interview , I want everything you can get on Alex Cullen . heath ( walk off ) you better get a semi truck . 104 int . law firm - staircase / office - day 104 christabella climb the stair . short skirt . great angle . halfway up , she stop to fix she stocking . ( continued ) 66 . 104 continued : 104 christabella enjoy yourself ? kevin ( catch ) sorry . I be just ... christabella just what ? look ? kevin guilty . christabella congratulation on Cullen . kevin thank you . christabella what a incredible situation , even if you lose you become a star . kevin what if I win ? christabella if you win ... ( smile ) if you win it 's everything . kevin any advice ? christabella Cullen be a pig . he 's a pig beyond reasonable doubt . I suggest you keep he as far away from the jury as possible . kevin I will keep it in mind . christabella ( lean in , whisper ) you can look all you want , but I do not fuck marry man . kevin what a relief . I be start to think you be perfect . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 67 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 pam ( o.s. ) Kevin ... he turn instantly -- pamela stand behind he . pam you wife be on the phone . she sound upset ... christabella smile as Kevin rush off . CUT to : 105 int . lomax apartment - day 105 Mary Ann very upset . Kevin have just come home . mary ann I do not care if they can hear I ! I do not care ! I do not like it here . and this woman , my God ... I mean , I be see thing for crissake ! kevin you just leave they in the store ? mary ann yes ! kevin look , calm down , all right ? listen to I ... mare ? first , you do this radical thing with you hair ... mary ann you hate it . kevin stop . I think it 's fine . but I also think it 's traumatic . you have get the pressure of fitting in with new friend , a new place ... add three bottle of wine and -- mary ann no ! it be not the wine . it be not the wine or my hair or talk to Kathy , because I know that 's what you be gonna say -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 68. 105 continued : 105 kevin what about Kathy ? mary ann what about she ? she 's pregnant again . kevin oh , and that 's get nothing to do with it ... mary ann Kevin , I never see you anymore . now that you have get this big case , it 's just only gonna get worse . I do not know anybody here . this woman scare the live shit out of I . if you can believe it , I be actually look forward to have you mother come and visit . kevin what about the apartment ? mary ann exactly ! you just go out -- you buy a few new suit and you be fine . I have get this whole place to fill up and I know we have all this money and it 's suppose to be fun , but it be not ! it 's like a test ! the whole thing be like one big test ! I be lonely . kevin let 's make a baby . mary ann do not tease I . kevin I would not do that . unless you ask . mary ann you hate my hair , do not you ? 106 int . lomax apartment - day 106 his hand move against she cheek , and then down the back of she neck . she move into he body and -- devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 68a . 107 int . lomax apartment - day 107 ( efx ) suddenly -- she 's christabella -- right there -- in he arm -- before he can react -- before he can speak -- she find he mouth and they be kissing and -- 108 int . lomax apartment - day 108 suddenly -- she 's Mary Ann -- and he 's pull up she dress and she 's help he and he hand be move over bare thigh and -- devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 69 . 109 int . lomax apartment - day 109 ( efx ) suddenly -- she 's christabella unbuttone she blouse -- and she can not do it fast enough -- still with she mouth on he and he hand between she leg and -- 110 int . lomax apartment - day 110 suddenly -- she 's Mary Ann -- flatten against the wall and she blouse be open and -- 111 int . lomax apartment - day 111 ( efx ) suddenly -- she 's christabella -- pull off she bra as he mouth move over she breast and he hand be everywhere and the bra be go and she 's tear at he shirt and he 's help she and she dress be on the floor and there 's no rug or anything , but this be where they will fuck because they can not stop themselves and she 's on she back on the bare floor and he 's kick away he shoe and she 's feel herself and stare into he eye and suddenly -- 112 int . lomax apartment - day 112 mary ann stop . Kevin look like he 's be shot . in the ball . mary ann where be you ? kevin right here . Mary Ann do not look so sure . CUT to : 113 int . cullen' apartment - day 113 huge . opulent . Kevin and pamela have be take note . Cullen be exhaust , frustrated . kevin ... because it need to be clear , Mr. Cullen , because I need to understand exactly what happen -- you be stand there -- you look down -- there 's the gun -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 70 . 113 continued : 113 cullen I do not know why I pick it up -- it be before I see elucinda 's body and then , I mean we have be over this ... kevin you kneele down to pick it up ? cullen you work late . you come home . you walk in . everybody 's dead . it 's not something you plan for . kevin back up . two print by the gun . right knee . right hand . it 's a strange move you must have make to pick it up . cullen the blood , I do not know , maybe I be try to avoid the blood . kevin I be try to picture it ... ( contort ) you hand come from inside and underneath . Cullen reach into he jacket and pull out a gun . cullen you want to see ? here ... ( drop to he knee ) I will fuck show you . Kevin watch Cullen quickly retrieve the gun from the floor with this weird little motion . cullen ( stand ) okay ? clear ? get it ? kevin whose gun be that , Alex ? cullen it 's mine . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 71 . 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 kevin be you out of you mind ? ( incredulous ) you be charge in a triple homicide , you be walk around with a forty - five ? cullen I have have nine death threat . kevin give it over . now . gimme the gun . cullen I gotta protect myself . kevin that 's my job . when the case be over you can have it back . ( strong ) this be a dealbreaker , Alex . Cullen hand he the gun . kevin okay . let 's wrap it up . cullen so what 's next ? kevin we need to talk to you assistant . cullen call she . kevin you feel confident she will back you on the time . cullen Melissa , yeah . she 's okay . she 's a real straight arrow . kevin so we be go to talk to she and you be not go to talk to anybody . okay ? cullen ( with a smile ) no comment . CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 72. 114 int . d.a. merto' office - day 114 a large , ugly cube . daylight through dirty window . Kevin alone . on the table , a large , grey envelope . printed on it : property of the manhattan district attorney forensic log - # 546D - state versus . alex cullen Kevin go through a stack of crime scene photograph . tough stuff . one after another . Three victim . many angle . we can see they horror in he face . CUT to : 115 omitted 115 116 ext . law firm helicopter - dusk 116 panning along Wall Street . the whole downtown skyline . settling finally on the 100th floor of the law firm building . hover at a distance . light on here and there and -- one window . Kevin 's office . he and pamela be talk to a young woman . this be melissa block , Cullen 's assistant and alibi . we can not hear what they be say , but it look to be a collegial meeting . CUT to : 117 omitted 117 118 int . kevin' office and hall - night 118 Kevin and Pam walk Melissa out through the empty reception area . melissa would my babysitter have to testify ? kevin we need she to establish the time you return home . melissa she do not have she green card be why I ask . I do not want she to get in trouble . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 73. 118 continued : 118 kevin tell you what , Melissa , let 's talk to she first . see where she stand and take it from there . pam I will make sure Melissa get down to the car . melissa Mr. Cullen do not kill that people . kevin that 's why we be all work so hard . as Melissa exit with Pam , Kevin notice two associate carry box far up the hall and we -- CUT to : 119 int . law firm library and hall - night ( same time ) 119 Paper shredder . half a dozen of they cranking full tilt . stack of file leave to go . barzoon and six associate work late . shirtsleeve and coffee . barzoon ( direct traffic ) okay , excelsior insurance , who 's handle that ? ( a hand go up ) all this have to go . Guatemala , Sudan , cyprus ... ( cheerlead ) let 's stay organize here . ( across the room ) Martin , no . devada Holdings . that 's all you be do . believe I , it will take all night . barzoon stop as he see Kevin in the doorway . kevin I think I be the only one work late . barzoon so do we . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 74 . 119 continued : 119 kevin good news . we just wrap up with Cullen 's assistant . she look like a great alibi . barzoon what a pleasant surprise . kevin but it look like you have you hand full . barzoon just a little housekeep . ( beat ) if they ask , you never see this . kevin who would ask ? barzoon weaver . kevin who 's that ? barzoon justice Department . weaver Commission . ( stare at he ) you do not know about weaver ? kevin sorry . barzoon how nice for you . milton ( o.s. ) grab you coat , Mr. lomax ... milton in the hall behind Kevin . ticket in hand . milton the night be young . ( be : ticket ) title fight . ringside . kevin I would have to call Mary Ann ... milton do it on the way . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 75 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 barzoon ( be I here ? ) you get my message ? milton you write beautifully , Eddie . barzoon we need to talk . milton soon. barzoon I hope so . CUT to : 120 omitted 120 &amp ; &amp ; 121 121 122 int . subway to fight train - night 122 the car half full . Kevin and milton stand near the door . right behind they , three guy in the midst of a intense conversation in Spanish . kevin so what 's this weaver Commission ? milton I do not micro-manage . you find the talent and then you delegate . who know what the hell Eddie 's up to . he 's get a lotta finger in a lotta pie . suddenly , one of the guy behind they , the biggest of the three , we will call he big guy , turn back -- big guy what the fuck you look at ? ( it 's milton he 's talk to ) you fuck deaf or something ? milton no . I can hear you just fine . big guy good , ' cause I want you should get you skinny little ass somewhere down the fuck car away from I . ( continued ) 76 . 122 continued : 122 milton ( stare - down ) I be not go anywhere . Big guy pull open he jacket -- a knife in he belt . kevin oh , shit. ( step back ) John ... but milton do not move . he smile . milton ( perfect Spanish ) maricela , the moment you leave the apartment she be upstairs with carlos . they be on the pipe right now , my friend . they be in the kitchen split a jumbo and then he 's go to fuck she in the ass , right on you bed , and she 's go to like it . Big guy back away -- into he friend -- big guy como ...? how do you ...? the subway rattling into the fourteenth Street station . milton ( still Spanish ) do yourself a favor and put that knife where it belong . the door open . Big guy stumbling back -- he friend catch he -- help he off the train -- look back , as the door close and ... it 's like it never happen . milton straighten he cuff as the train pull away . kevin what do you say to he ? milton I tell he if he do not leave we alone , you be go to kick all three of they ass . CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 77 . 123 int . madison square garden - boxing ring - night 123 right into it . Red trunk with a huge right hand and blue trunk drop and the Garden go wild -- five thousand people yell for blood . 124 int . madison square garden - night 124 and milton at ringside , breathe deeply of the vibe and -- kevin ( on he foot ) get up ! get up , dammit ! c'mon ! 125 int . madison square garden - night 125 Blue trunk rise on shaky leg as the bell ring , the round over and the crowd groan back into its seat . 126 int . madison square garden - night 126 milton turn as don king collar he . don king look at this sorry shit , you get better seat than I . milton you need a better lawyer . don king nobody better than you , johnny . milton hang on a second ... ( present Kevin ) meet my new heavyweight . Kevin lomax . Kevin shaking hand with Don King , as we -- CUT to : 127 int . spanish restaurant ( downtown ) - night ( late ) 127 serious flamenco . Music be loud . the dancer be fantastic . deep red . deep black . skin. duende . milton , sit beside some blonde he 's discover , he 's get he jacket off , clap perfectly to the beat . behind he , a large table of ten / fifteen people . food and wine to excess . laughter and music and ... devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 78. 128 int . spanish restaurant - phone and room - night 128 Kevin on a pay phone near the kitchen . kevin and say what ? he 's the senior partner at the -- ( pause ) mare , you be really start to piss I off -- ( pause ) yes . I be have one cigarette . you want I to lie ? one cigarette after seven month be not -- ( pause ) that 's exactly what I be say . go to bed . I have no idea . ( pause ) I tell you , he never sleep . ( pause ) mare. stop . the guy pay we bill . the food , the heat , the rent on that enormous fuck apartment we live in . ( beat ) I live there , too ! click . the line be dead . he look at the cigarette . take a hit . fuck it . and then he eye find -- the dress room across the hall . a open door . Inside , a woman , one of the dancer , all but nude , step into she dress . a simply perfect body . and then she turn toward we and it 's christabella -- clearly -- for a single moment -- before she slam shut the door . Kevin cross to the door . knock . and again . the door open . a dancer stand there . it 's not christabella . dancer can I help you ? Kevin already back toward -- 128a int . spanish restaurant - night 128 Kevin move toward the milton table . sitting down and just realize that -- Cullen have join the party . he 's waste . he wave . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 79 . 128a continued : 128a milton catch Kevin 's eye , smile as the blonde slip below the table . as if nothing be go on . CUT to : 129 omitted 129 through through 132 132 133 int . lomax apartment - night ( late ) 133 Dark . Mary Ann asleep in a chair . a breeze through the open terrace window . suddenly she wake . mary ann Kevin ? silence . and then , the sound of a baby crying ... CUT to : 134 int . lomax nursery hallway - night 134 Mary Ann rush through the dark , toward the nursery and the sound of the crying -- stop suddenly at the nursery door -- mary ann how ...? what be you ...? 135 int . lomax nursery and hall - night 135 a one - year- old child sit naked on the floor amidst the tool and material . mary ann you poor thing ... Mary Ann ease slowly forward . mary ann how do you ... how do you get here ? ( billing and coo ) be you okay ? look at you ... hello ... hello ... ( kneel there ) where 's you mommy ? the baby turn to she voice . smiling now . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 80 . 135 continued : 135 mary ann what be you play with ? what do you have there ? the baby offer he open hand -- viscera . entrail and blood and slime . the child 's hand full of someone 's inside ... mary ann ... oh , God , no ... the baby raise he hand toward she -- mary ann ... no ... please , God , no -- stop suddenly as she look down at she body . her nightgown be cover with blood . just start to scream , as we -- hard CUT to : 136 omitted 136 through through 142 142 143 int . heath guest room and hall - day 143 motion -- Kevin rush down a hallway -- heath behind he -- head for a open door and into -- 144 int . heath guest room and hall - day 144 Mary Ann in bed . Dead asleep . Jackie heath , bedside nurse . jackie take two seconal to get she out . kevin ( hang -over and guilty ) milton get he hook into I . heath relax . we have all be there . jackie leave she with I . let she sleep . she will be out another five , six hour at least . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 81. 144 continued : 144 kevin this transition , it 's be really tough on she ... heath we be gonna find some name for you . doctor . good people . Kevin nod . Jackie ushere they out , as we -- CUT to : 144a ext . NY - day / night 144a New York time transition -- mos . 145 ext . law firm STREET - day 145 pamela and three other woman smoking . look up , as Kevin come fly out of the building . pam caught I . kevin I have gotta find Cullen . ( as he pass ) we just get the prosecution discovery package . pam that bad ? Kevin just keep go into -- 146 ext . law firm STREET - day 146 Kevin need a taxi -- bingo -- a cab -- drop off right here -- he 's get it -- open the door and -- christabella careful ... ( step out ) you will spoil I for other man . kevin that 's what they all say . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 82. 146 continued : 146 christabella Heard he finally drag you out the other night ... ( as she walk ) can not believe I miss it . Kevin watch she go , look up , see the glass bridge high above . CUT to : 147 int . new york side STREET - day 147 a limousine double - park outside a brownstone . Kevin stand there as Cullen come storming out of the building . cullen I get one supervise hour a week with my stepdaughter . this be it . you better have a great reason to call I out . kevin you wife , the day she be kill , have lunch with a friend . she say and I quote : ' Alex be fuck around and I can prove it . ' cullen hearsay . never get in . kevin wrong answer . ( listen to I ) you prenuptial agreement be on file at the firm . the contract be null and void in the event of marital infidelity . ( beat ) you fuck around , she get rich . ( you asshole ) that 's a motive , Alex . ( long pause ) what do I need to know ? cullen Melissa . my assistant . ( such a headache ) she 's not even that good a fuck . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 83. 147 continued : 147 kevin and , on the night in question ? cullen I be bone my assistant while my wife be get shot . kevin I have get to re-interview Melissa . cullen forget it . we be not tell that story . kevin jury want honesty . fuck with that at you peril . Cullen turn -- something more important -- cullen allesandra . wait ... allesandra emerge from the building look teary and distraught . her therapist help she toward the limo . kevin Arthur ... cullen not now . therapist time 's up , Mr. Cullen . cullen allesandra . please ... Kevin watch Cullen rush away , as we -- CUT to : 148 omitted 148 through through 151 151 151a ext . NY - day / night 151a New York time transition -- mos . 152 omitted 152 through through 155 155 devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 84 . 155a ext . lomax apartment build - sidewalk - night 155 a a towncar pull up . Mary Ann , Kevin and Mrs. lomax emerge . just back from dinner . two step and -- a paparazzi photographer nearby -- paparazzi Kevin , hey , how 's it go ? can we get a couple shot here ? how about a thumb - up here ? what do you say ? Kevin reluctantly smile . get it over with . mrs . lomax what 's he do ? mary ann Kevin 's have he picture in the paper . feeney , the doorman , at the ready . Mary Ann first inside . Mrs. lomax linger a moment watch Kevin have he picture take . kevin welcome to Babylon , ma. feeney sorry , Mr. lomax , I think we would scared them all away ... mrs . lomax always do like to stick he nose in a camera . 156 int . lomax lobby - entrance - night 156 feeney ( as they enter ) and how be you , Mrs. lomax ? do you have a fine dinner ? mrs . lomax I surely do . ( she 's get a doggie bag ) be you hungry ? feeney no , I be fine . thank you . milton ( o.s. ) speak of the devil ... ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 85/86. 156 continued : 156 there he be , wait for the elevator . with he be christabella and a asian woman who be so sexy it hurt . Kevin off balance from this moment on . Mary Ann smell the danger . everything be awkward . milton I be just tell the moyez story . kevin really . milton and be this you mother ? kevin yes . Mom , this be ... milton John milton . Nice to meet you . mrs . lomax Alice lomax . how do you do ? milton Mary Ann ... ( a kiss for she ) I think you have meet christabella , and this be giselle who 's just in from Paris . a moment of bullshit superficial greeting and then -- the elevator door open and the whole uncomfortable clot of they move into -- 157 int . lomax apartment elevator - night 157 just enough room . they ascend . kevin thanks for the champagne . milton you have very welcome . ( to Mrs. lomax ) this be not really you first visit to New York , be it ? kevin ( after a moment ) yes . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 87 . 157 continued : 157 giselle cette femme , elle est la mere de l'homme dont vous m'avez parle ? milton she can not believe you be he mother . you have do one helluva job bring he up , Mrs. lomax . I be sure it be not easy . mrs . lomax no. Mrs. lomax have be stare , and now milton meet she eye as the elevator stop and the door open . mary ann Nice to see you ... christabella have a lovely evening . Kevin next out , hold the door , wait -- kevin Mom , we be here ... mrs . lomax yes . good night to you . Mrs. lomax take one last look at milton as she exit . milton Kevin , hang on ... ( hold the door ) how 's Cullen . everything on beam ? kevin that 's a long conversation . in the b.g. , Mary Ann open the apartment door and go inside . Mrs. lomax right behind she . milton ( hush hush ) why do not you come on up ? kevin now ? milton smile . christabella smile . giselle smile . kevin let 's talk tomorrow . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 88. 157 continued : ( 2 ) 157 milton shrug . you loss . christabella have she hand on giselle 's ass , work up she skirt -- milton you sure ? Kevin leave stand there as the door close . CUT to : 158 omitted 158 through through 161 161 162 int . lomax kitchen - night ( one minute later ) 162 Mrs. lomax , subdued , listen to Kevin and Mary Ann bicker . mary ann that what you be do when you be work late ? kevin what be we talk about ? mary ann you know exactly what I be talk about . kevin that 's ridiculous . mary ann I be go to bed . ( walk off ) ' night , Alice ... mrs . lomax ' night . Mary Ann exit . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 89 . 162 continued : 162 mrs . lomax I be worried about she . you should not fight like that . kevin that 's not a fight , ma , it 's marriage . not exactly you area of expertise . mrs . lomax be you happy here ? kevin what ? mrs . lomax be you happy here ? kevin you be kid , right ? be I happy ? every now and then I look around and I think my mama must be praying awful hard for I , ' cause I die and go to heaven . be I happy ? mrs . lomax you be always run somewhere . kevin I guess I finally get there . ( sense something wrong ) look , I be sorry about be so busy this week . maybe Saturday I can get some time off and ... mrs . lomax do not worry on it . ( touch he face ) I love you more than anything in the whole world . you know that , do not you ? kevin I love you too , ma. Kevin turn out the light , as we -- CUT to : 163 int . lomax apartment - foyer / hall - day 163 newspaper . laying on the doorstep . headline read : ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 90 . 163 continued : 163 cullen pre - nup shocker ! Kevin , dress for work , briefcase in hand , rush down a cup of coffee , read the headline and -- kevin shit ! the door to the guest room be open . he look in -- 164 omitted 164 165 int . lomax guest room - day 165 Mrs. lomax fully dress . the bed be make . her bag be pack . kevin Mom ? ma , what be you do ? mrs . lomax I be go home , Kevin . kevin what ? what be you talk about ? mrs . lomax I do not feel right . kevin you just get here . ( he watch ) look , I be late and I just get my tooth kick in on the front page , so I gotta run . we will talk later . mrs . lomax I have to go , Kevin . I miss my church . kevin ma , this be New York , there must be twenty - thousand goddamn church . take you pick . mrs . lomax you need to do a better job with Mary Ann . she 's not well . this place be not good for she . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 91 . 165 continued : 165 kevin so stay . take care of she if you be so concerned ! help I out . mrs . lomax I will take she home if you let I . kevin this be home . you understand ? this be where we live ! I be not go back to gainesville . unbelievable . mrs . lomax ' Wide be the gate , and broad be the way that leadeth to temptation . ' kevin it 's a little early for scripture . I be go to work . ( as he walk ) you can do whatever you want . Mrs. lomax watch he go , as we -- CUT to : 166 ext . central park playground - day 166 Melissa and Kevin on a bench . kid play . one of they be hers , but she 's not pay much attention at the moment -- melissa I can not do it . it 's one thing to have a affair with you boss , it 's another to have to tell the world in a murder case . kevin we have to bring it out , Melissa . melissa my ex-husband would have a field day with this . kevin a man 's life be at stake . you be we whole case . Melissa look away , as we -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 92 . 167 int . weaver federal courtroom - day 167 modern . empty . the judge be a woman . no bullshit . barzoon sit alone at the defense table . Federal prosecutor mitchell weaver on he foot . weaver ... there be nothing vague or exploratory about this subpoena request , you honor . we be specifically ask for any and all document relate to devada Holdings . it 's take six month and seventeen separate motion and we still do not know who 's responsible here . we have get a paper trail here that seem to stretch into eternity ! woman judge Mr. barzoon ? barzoon can not turn over what you do not have , you honor . we have be conduct a comprehensive search of we record and I be sorry to say it 's a great deal less than Mr. weaver would suggest . weaver you honor , this be outrageous . we need to get in there and seize this document before there 's nothing leave ! barzoon you honor , it 's exactly this type of insulting accusation -- woman judge enough . both of you . put it on paper . I will read it . weaver you honor ... ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 93. 167 continued : 167 but the gavel come down . done . barzoon pack up , look to the back of the room . Kevin sit there . wait . CUT to : 168 int . weaver federal court - hall - day ( minute later ) 168 busy . lot of traffic . barzoon and Kevin walk . barzoon forget about lunch . this guy weaver be run I rag . a reporter pull up alongside -- excited -- reporter Kevin . Nancy osborne , Metro News . how be you ? kevin busy . reporter we have a report of a private plane at Teterboro airport ready to take Alexander Cullen out of the coun -- kevin ( cut she off ) Mr. Cullen be innocent . he 's not go anywhere . he 's be release on a two million dollar bond . he look forward to have he day in court . thank you . reporter Kevin , be there any truth to -- kevin I be in the middle of a meeting . call my office . schedule a interview . or else forget it . barzoon be get away . Kevin hustling to catch up . kevin I be pick a jury tomorrow . barzoon you be good at that . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 94 . 168 continued : 168 kevin you be not gonna have time to help I on Cullen , be you ? barzoon no. just then , weaver come rumbling past -- weaver devada Holdings , Eddie . look in you rearview window , I be right behind you . before he can answer -- another reporter swoops in -- reporter # 2 Kevin , Chuck higgery , action News . have you speak with Alex Cullen concern the d.a. 's report ... Kevin turn to see two more reporter jogging over . reporter # 3 Kevin , just a statement -- and a photographer -- Kevin under siege and -- barzoon ( back away ) gotta go . barzoon escape as reporter begin to materialize from all side , and we -- CUT to : 169 int . lomax live room - night 169 dark. quiet . Mary Ann in she chair . she look like hell . eye red from cry . Kevin have just come home and find she like this . mary ann I dreamt about this . ( beat ) right here . ( beat ) it 's not a dream if it 's true . kevin tell I this be the medication . ( continued ) 95 . 169 continued : 169 mary ann you will not stay with I now . kevin look , let 's get you undress and in the tub . okay ? mary ann you will not stay . I know you . you will leave I now for sure . ( as he move to comfort she -- ) get-away -from-me ! kevin okay . I be confuse . ( furious ) why ? what be it now ? what the fuck be it today , mare ? I swear to God , I be call this doctor , I be gonna find out what the hell they be give you . mary ann they take my ovary . I tell you ! ( tear now ) my sister have seven child between they . my mother have derek when she be forty - five . you could set a clock by my period . kevin what be you talk about ? mary ann I can not have child ! kevin say who ? mary ann the doctor ! the other doctor . I be there today . ( beat ) non-specific ovarian failure . kevin that 's ridiculous . the phone begin to ring across the room . mary ann ( grab he arm ) I know you . you will leave I . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 96 . 169 continued : ( 2 ) 169 kevin Mary Ann ... mary ann it 's this monster , kevin. ( lose it ) I dreamt this ... the phone keep ringing . Kevin will finally pull away . answer the phone o.s. , quietly conduct business as Mary Ann fall apart . CUT to : 170 ext . foley square - day 170 Kevin on a cell phone walk with milton . kevin uh huh . for sleep . and she can take that during the day ? ( beat ) no , she will not be drive . ( beat ) I be gonna have the pharmacy call you right back . thanks . ( hang up , sag against the car ) he think , he 's not sure , he think it could be some kind of hormonal imbalance . milton I be take you off the case . kevin what ? milton I want you to drop this case . kevin this case ? Cullen ? ( incredulous ) John , I have get a jury show up this morning . milton do you love this woman ? kevin yes . of course I do . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 10/22/96 97 . 170 continued : 170 milton Kevin , she 's sick . everyone will understand . I will understand . kevin ( stunne ) what about Cullen ? milton we will find someone new . you consult . you live to fight another day . kevin I put together a great jury . milton it 's a disappointment . we all have they . embrace it . use it . you move on . kevin hang on , we gotta talk about this . milton what 's to talk ? it 's you wife , man . and she 's very sick . and that 's gotta come first . ( beat ) be you tell I the possibility of leave the case have never cross you mind ? kevin you know what scare I ? I quit the case . she get better . and I hate she for it . ( silence ) I do not want to resent she , John . I have get a winner here . I gotta nail this fucker down , do it fast , and put it behind I . just get it do . then put all my energy into she . milton I guess you have think about it . I stand correct . CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 98. 171 int . cullen courtroom - day 171 pack . judge armand poe preside . Cullen seat with Kevin and Pam . the jury in they box . and prosecutor frank broygo on he foot , just wrapping up he open statement -- broygo ... and when all that evidence be laid before you , when all this piece weave together , you will conclude -- you will know -- that Alexander Cullen be guilty of murdering three people in cold blood with malice aforethought . done . the courtroom be silent . the jury like he . judge poe Mr. lomax ... ( check he watch ) we can break for lunch now , or you can do a stop and start ... kevin if it 's a choice , I will go now . I will not be as long as Mr. broygo . judge poe proceed . kevin we just spend we morning listen to Mr. broygo talk about he ' evidence ' . what he neglect to tell you be what this case be really about . he leave out the most important fact of all : Alex Cullen be somewhere else when this murder take place . now , Alex Cullen have do a lot of thing I do not like . he 's be a terrible husband to all three of he wife . he 's be a destructive force in the life of he step-child . he 's cheat the city . his partner . his employee . he 's pay hundred of thousand of dollar in penalty and fine over the year . I do not like that thing . I do not expect you to like they . there will be other thing during the course of this trial that you will hear about and like even less . but this be not a popularity contest . it 's a murder trial and Alex Cullen have not kill anybody . ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/15/96 99 . 171 continued : 171 kevin ( cont 'd ) the state be go all out here . they have get a whole team over there . they be throw everything but the kitchen sink at this case . I need one thing from you . that 's it . one thing . I need you to ask yourself , ' be not like this man reason enough to convict he of murder ? ' ( beat ) enjoy you lunch . we will talk again . stun silence , and then -- hard CUT to : 172 int . courthouse - SMALL conference room - day 172 Kevin throw back against a wall -- cullen what the fuck be that ? be you out of you fuck mind ? ( murderous ) they fuck hate I ! Kevin -- one push -- Cullen send fly . kevin listen to I like you have never listen to anybody before . I be go to bust my ass to make sure they hate you . because as long as you be out bone Melissa , you be not home kill you wife . cullen ( pause , as he warm to the idea ) why do not you tell I before ? kevin then it do not look spontaneous . CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 100 . 173 int . cullen courtroom - day 173 a Forensic technician on the stand . a display chart beside he . blowup of the bloody hand - print . kevin let I put it this way , then : can you tell from a blood sample if the person be alive or dead ? technician the victim ? of course not . kevin and there 's a two hour window in which to place this murder . technician yes . kevin so , you have get absolutely no way to determine the condition of the victim when Alexander Cullen put he hand on that wall . CUT to : 174 omitted 174 &amp ; &amp ; 175 175 176 ext . carnegie hill grocery - late afternoon 176 Kevin into the evening air , carry a bag of stuff . barzoon stand there in a jogging suit . furious . kevin Eddie ... barzoon saw you go in . kevin what 's up ? barzoon ( cold ) congratulation . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 101. 176 continued : 176 kevin it 's not over yet . barzoon I be not talk about the trial . kevin what be you talk about ? barzoon how the fuck do you name get on the firm 's charter ? kevin what ? barzoon look like it 's be there for year . now you be a partner ? when do that happen ? I be still the manage director of this firm . you want my job ? take I head on . backdoor I one more time and I will take you partnership papers and stuff them down you throat . kevin I do not know what you be talk about , but I sure as hell do not like you tone of voice . barzoon bullshit . kevin you get a problem with document , I suggest you put together one of you late - night shredd session . barzoon you think you be tough enough to run this firm ? fine. ( back away ) you tell milton next time weaver call maybe I pick up the phone . ( continued ) 102 . 176 continued : ( 2 ) 176 Kevin stand there , watch he jog away , as we -- CUT to : 177 int . miltone apartment - dusk 177 Kevin sit there with he bag of grocery . milton look sadly perplex -- milton be he drunk ? kevin I doubt it . he be go run . what the hell be he talk about ? milton Eddie 's get himself into trouble again . and he want I to save he . and I can not . kevin why do he think I be after he job ? milton do you have any experience with manic-depression ? kevin not directly , no . milton you do now . milton already on the phone . punch a number . milton yes , it 's I . ( beat ) get Eddie barzoon . right away . he may be out run , so page he if you have to . it 's a emergency . ( hang up , turn back to Kevin ) look like you could use a drink . CUT to : 103 . 178 int . lomax apartment - dusk 178 Mary Ann come through the live room . she look stone . but move with purpose . as if she be hearing something . open the terrace door and stare out over the park , as we -- CUT to : 179 ext . central park reservoir - dusk 179 the reservoir entrance . it 's a nice night and busy with runner and bike and -- barzoon come jogging past . CUT to : 180 int . miltone apartment - dusk 180 Kevin have a vodka in he hand . mary ann Eddie barzoon . ( wearily ) I have nurse he through two divorce , a cocaine rehab , and a pregnant receptionist . ( beat ) God 's creature , right ? CUT to : 181 ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 181 no leave on the tree . barzoon run . break a sweat now . leave the heavy traffic behind . CUT to : 182 int . miltone apartment - dusk 182 milton I will tell you , Kevin , because I know you be into theology . when you have see -- when you have represent -- when you have deal with as many people as I have over the year , finally you say to yourself , ' God must have be awfully bored . ' ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 104. 182 continued : 182 milton ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Choice . the opportunity to fuck up . talk about entertainment value . CUT to : 183 ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 183 barzoon run . into he pace . glancing down and on the horsepath below . 184 ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 184 Three run shadow . side - by-side . just pass beneath a iron bridge . milton ( v.o. ) you take a look at Eddie barzoon you gotta wonder if maybe God overplay he hand . maybe he make the game a little too interesting ... 184a ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 184a barzoon turn back -- stumble -- catch himself -- sprinting now to the Pump House . he pull up here . resting as several other runner pass by . glancing back , almost a afterthought and -- 184b ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 184b that three run shadow be now crossing the bridge which be completely impossible consider where they just be a moment ago and -- 184c ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 184c barzoon start run again -- instinctively -- faster than before -- glance back and -- 184d ext . central park - reservoir ( fx ) - dusk 184d ( efx ) the three shadow . the sun set behind they . transform as they run -- animal shape mixing with the harsh silhouettes of bare tree and -- devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 105 . 185 ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 185 barzoon freak -- what the fuck be that ? -- the park suddenly look very empty -- and dark -- 186 ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 186 the three shadow and they be closer and weirder and -- 186a ext . central park tree - dusk 186a barzoon -- suddenly turn -- change course -- leave the path -- into the wood -- quickly ducking down beside a huge sycamore tree . hiding . sweating . scare . stare back out at the path -- 186b ext . central park - reservoir - dusk 186 B Three woman runner -- clear as day -- pass beneath a streetlight . team clothes . machine- like stride . flat - out . and then go . 187 ext . central park tree - dusk 187 barzoon stand from behind the sycamore tree . relief . smiling at he own stupidity . what a jerk . dusting off . head back toward the path , when -- 188 ext . central park tree - dusk 188 suddenly , there 's a arm around he neck -- throw he to the ground -- 189 ext . central park tree - dusk 189 stand there above he , a craze - look homeless man -- he 's white and old and hungry -- old man gimme you watch . barzoon ( stand now ) you want the watch , old man ? come and get it . devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 106. 190 ext . central park tree - dusk 190 barzoon move toward the old guy when -- crack ! -- a tree branch swing out of nowhere -- catch he elbow -- snap it back and -- a second homeless man . he 's black and older than the first guy but just as wild and dangerous and he 's wind up to swing the branch again and -- barzoon on he knee -- daze -- blood pour from he head -- uncomprehend eye watch this park creature tear at he clothes -- 191 ext . central park tree - dusk 191 ( efx ) watch they grow more feral and less human by the moment and -- CUT to : 192 ext . lomax terrace - dusk 192 Mary Ann stare out at the park . cover she ear against some horrible sound that she alone can hear . CUT to : 193 ext . central park tree - dusk 193 barzoon -- on he belly -- in the dirt -- try to move -- crawl -- anything -- 194 ext . central park tree - dusk 194 the two man beat barzoon to death with stone -- 195 ext . central park tree ( fx ) - dusk 195 -- transform with every blow -- ( efx ) as they hand descend they become terrifying , demonic creature , and as they rise we see they as man and over and over , as we hear -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 107/108. 196 int . miltone apartment - dusk 196 milton ( v.o. ) you take a look at Eddie barzoon you gotta wonder if maybe God overplay he hand . maybe he make the game a little too interesting . milton turn to find Kevin stare at he . kevin I be gonna , I be gonna go downstairs now . put this stuff away . ( back away with he bag of grocery ) Ice cream 's already melting . milton watch he walk away , as we -- CUT to : 197 int . law firm - pam' office and hall - day 197 Pam exit the room . Melissa sit at the head of the table . Kevin pace around she . they be alone . practice she testimony over early morning coffee . kevin you testify that the defendant call you at four-thirty to ask you to come to he office gym for the purpose of sex . melissa yes . kevin Mr. Cullen , though , he 's not just you lover , be he ? he 's the boss . melissa yes . kevin so two hour go by before you act on he request ? ( continued ) 109 . 197 continued : 197 melissa yes , I go up at six - ten . I know it be six - ten , they have weather come on the news . I remember -- cut off by -- kevin okay . stop. ( break character ) this prosecutor be no fool . he 's gonna change tempo , attitude , tone of voice -- he 's gonna come out with question you never think of , just to screw you up . ( coach ) so what do we do ? melissa yes and no answer . stay calm . kevin exactly . ( back into it ) be it you testimony , Ms. block , that between the hour of six - ten and nine - forty you be engage in sexual congress with the defendant ? melissa yes . kevin at any point during this three hour marathon , Ms. block , do you lose sight of the defendant ? melissa no. kevin do he use the bathroom ? melissa yes . kevin be he circumcise ? ( silence ) you understand the question ? melissa yes . ( continued ) 110 . 197 continued : ( 2 ) 197 kevin so be he cut or not ? melissa yes . kevin which be it ? silence . Melissa look away . kevin you have be polish he knob three time a week for six month and you do not know whether or not he 's get foreskin ? melissa ( total transformation ) I have have it up to here with this fuck game . why do not you take you question and shove them up you ass . Kevin stare at she . look away . move quickly for the door , and into : 198 int . law firm library hall - day 198 Three step out and he stop . something 's wrong . very wrong . people be out of they office , stand in the doorway . some of they cry . christabella rush toward he , into he arm -- christabella oh , Kevin -- kevin what 's happen ? christabella Eddie barzoon ... kevin what about he ? christabella he 's dead . he be kill . kevin when ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 111. 198 continued : 198 heath nearby have more answer -- heath last night in the park . he be run if you can believe it . Kevin stand there , hold christabella . feeling heat on the back of he neck and turn to find milton at the far end of the hall . they eye lock -- christabella ( o.s. ) what be wrong with people ? heath ( o.s. ) at least they get the scumbag who do it . kevin ( turn on this ) who ? lawyer # 1 two old , homeless crazy . Pam come through the hallway like steel -- pam Kevin ... Kevin , I be sorry , but you be due in court in thirty minute . as Melissa appear in the conference room door -- melissa be we through here , or what ? pam I will bring Melissa down in the car , but you better get go . CUT to : 199 int . subway to court - day 199 scream uptown . Kevin look very rattle . milton , beside he . talk he down . milton I want you to put Eddie aside . let I worry about it . you gotta deal with Cullen now . marshal you strength . prioritize . conserve you energy . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 112. 199 continued : 199 kevin I can not put she on the stand . milton what choice do we have ? kevin I know she 's lie . milton because she do not answer you fast enough ? do she lie to you ? no . she say nothing . the fact be , you will never know . kevin he kill that people . milton you really believe that ? kevin Cullen set I up . Melissa , the whole thing , I know it . milton look , you gotta go with you gut . kevin that 's you advice ? milton I will back you either way . hey , you think I have not lose before ? ( pause ) we talk about this , Kevin . pressure . take a big whiff . Kevin unreadable . the subway car rattling away . CUT to : 200 int . cullen courtroom - day 200 pack and ready . judge poe Mr. lomax , you may call you next witness . ( continued ) 113 . 200 continued : 200 a long , awful pause . Kevin in agony . milton behind he . Cullen and pamela and everyone wait ... judge poe counselor ... kevin I call Melissa block . CUT to : 201 int . court - hall - day 201 Chaos ! -- media madness -- Kevin push past dozen of reporter and camera crew -- court officer try to clear the way -- fifteen voice scream at once -- question fly like shrapnel -- Cullen , all smile , alongside milton as they be push along -- Pam , wave a cell phone , fight she way to Kevin and -- pam Kevin ! ( be the phone ) Kevin , it 's for you -- Kevin take the phone , try to hear above the noise . CUT to : 202 ext . lomax build and STREET - day 202 a cab speed to a stop . Kevin jump out . feeney , the doorman , stand there with Felix , he partner . feeney she do not look well , sir . Felix try to talk to she , but she -- kevin where be she ? CUT to : 203 ext . madison avenue and church - day 203 Kevin run down the sidewalk and -- CUT to : 114 . 204 int . church - day 204 Kevin enter . it 's empty and dark . two old lady up front . Mary Ann in back , wrap in a comforter . kevin honey ... ( sit beside she ) mare . it 's I . mary ann he let himself in . you need to know that . the bath run , or something , I do not hear he . I swear to you . kevin who ? mary ann then we talk . we talk for hour . ( come apart for good ) I have not talk to anyone , really talk to anyone in such a long time . you have this whole life and all I have be I and he be so clear about it all . kevin who let himself in ? mary ann I come down here . I have just be sit . I be afraid to pray . I let he stay . I be sorry . I be sorry . I be sorry , Kevin . kevin do somebody hurt you ? mary ann milton . he fuck I , Kevin . I let he fuck I . I could not stop he . kevin what ? when ? mary ann today . this afternoon . all afternoon . God , I be so ashamed ... ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 115. 204 continued : 204 kevin today ? today ? today . he be in court , mare . he be in court , in my presence all afternoon ! mary ann ( sobbing ) I be not crazy . I be not . I swear . kevin I do not know , mare . I do not know how much more of this I can take . she stand . throw open the comforter . she be naked . there be scratch mark all over she body . CUT to : 205 int . hospital cubicle - night 205 Kevin with a nurse and paperwork . nurse sign there ... and there ... and one more ... ( as he 's do ) she 's calm now so this might be a good time to say good night . Kevin nod . stands , move now -- into -- 206 int . hospital hallway - night 206 Mary Ann on a move gurney . calm now , in the sway of some very strong drug . Kevin kneel beside she . mary ann I know why this be happen . kevin they want you to go to sleep . mary ann it 's the money , Kevin . blood money . we just drank it down . both of we . we know it . win that case , take the money . we know they be guilty . but you keep win . every time . ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 116. 206 continued : 206 mary ann ( cont 'd ) ( fade ) I can not look at myself in the mirror , Kevin . CUT to : 207 ext . catholic church - day 207 a big one . a funereal morning . hearse and cortege park on the street outside . CUT to : 208 int . catholic church - day 208 barzoon 's funeral . Big deal . Big crowd . a excess of flower . organ music as foreplay . milton , up front , seating diana and child . Kevin seat on the aisle . beside he , Jack heath . jackie what do they say ? kevin they do not know . it 's bad . she 's fall apart . christabella ( o.s. ) do you have room for one more ? Kevin turn to see christabella stand beside he . Jackie 's concerned expression blossom into a private , know smile now that Kevin have turn away . christabella squeeze in , as the music swell and the priest walk solemnly to the altar . Kevin catch in a high-intensity sexual cross - fire between Jackie and christabella . he 's tense . he 's flipping out . 209 int . catholic church - day 209 milton pass on he way to the back . smile . devil' advocate - Rev. 11/2/96 117. 210 int . catholic church - day 210 on one side the therapist , on the other allesandra , except she look different than last we see she . Hair down . makeup . she could be all of seventeen . the priest we be here today , to remember and pray and exalt in the spirit of Edward barzoon ... Kevin stare at Cullen and the girl . the priest ... Father , husband , partner , friend , colleague ... 211 int . catholic church - day 211 ( efx ) Cullen 's hand stroking at the back of the pew -- nothing outrageous , except it do call to mind the hand of Mr. getty back in Florida -- the priest ... take from we so suddenly ... Cullen 's hand move with purpose -- stop -- wait -- as allesandra sit back and now he finger find she skin -- stroking ever so subtly -- the priest ... to contemplate evil . how it rob -- how it steal everything of value from we ... Cullen turn -- except it 's not Cullen , it 's getty -- yes , getty -- whisper in allesandra 's ear and -- the priest ... farther from God 's purpose ... 212 int . catholic church - day 212 Kevin out of he seat . push past christabella -- rush up the aisle -- the priest ... and the great that distance , the great evil 's pleasure ... 118 . 213 int . catholic church - day 213 milton watch Kevin flee the church . CUT to : 214 ext . catholic church - day 214 moment later . Kevin hustling away -- weaver ( o.s. ) ( behind he ) Mr. lomax ? kevin no comment . I will have something for you later . weaver ( o.s. ) I be a friend of Eddie barzoon . Kevin turn . weaver walk beside he . weaver remember I ? Mitch weaver . justice Department . kevin stake out the funeral ? weaver look for you actually . kevin I be in a bit of a hurry right now . I need to talk to my wife . weaver just want to ask you -- off the record -- I have a few question about Eddie . CUT to : 215 int . catholic church - day 215 the funeral . in progress . choir and organ get louder . we be watch milton move in the back of the church . CUT to : 119 . 216 ext . STREET - day 216 Kevin walk faster . weaver right beside he . weaver milton , chadwick , Waters be a little more than a law firm , but then I assume you know that . ( work he ) devada Holdings ? I be sure you have hear of it . London , kinshasa , Karachi -- arm broker mostly . you have get munzer - dietch , they're in Berlin and djakarta -- chemical weapon , toxic waste . ivanaco Limited -- Moscow -- money launder for the Eastern bloc. ( at he ear ) it go on and on , Kevin . CUT to : 217 int . catholic church - day 217 stain glass . angel . the station of the Cross . 218 int . catholic church - day 218 milton stand in the shadow at the back . take it all in . prodigal angel . 219 int . catholic church - day 219 ( efx ) and then , the stain - glass angel begin to move . wing begin to beat . expression come alive . expression of panic and fear and -- CUT to : 220 ext . STREET - weaver - day 220 Kevin really stride . weaver right there . weaver milton be into everything . ( listen to I ) barzoon be come in , Kevin . he be gonna testify . ( more ) ( continued ) 120 . 220 continued : 220 weaver ( cont 'd ) desoto and dibalista , in Panama , that 's a firm that specialize in open bank account for judge all over South America . huge drug case . murder . everything . kevin he 's a lawyer ! what the fuck do you want ? ( stop there ) stay off my back . weaver leave stand there , as Kevin rush away -- through traffic -- across the street -- weaver this be a first time , last time offer ! ( call after he ) I be learn about you , Kevin . I talk to some old friend down in Florida this morning ... ( louder now ) the getty case . the eighth grade teacher ? ( do Kevin just slow down ) found he this morning . he have the body of a ten-year - old girl in the trunk of he car . Kevin , across the street , stop . CUT to : 221 int . catholic church - day 221 ( efx ) stain - glass angel go nut now -- wing flap like mad -- danger everywhere , as the music start to climax and -- 222 int . catholic church - day 222 milton down below . lower a single finger into the holy water . instantly -- it 's boil , and we -- hard CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 121. 223 ext . STREET - day 223 Kevin stand there , across the street -- weaver smile , think he will talk now for sure -- step off the curb and -- tire screeching and weaver turn and -- a car try to stop and -- Kevin watch as -- whamm ! -- weaver ploughed onto the hood and -- a mother at the wheel -- she daughter beside she -- both scream and -- the car 's windshield as it crumple and -- Kevin watch as the car stop and -- weaver be daze but alive -- he face bury in the windshield -- pull himself up and -- weaver 's face through the shattered glass as he look down to see -- mother and child ( efx ) -- transform -- for a instant -- into monster and -- weaver more terrify than hurt -- scramble off the hood of the car -- stare back in horror and -- mother and child -- completely freak out -- both of they hysterical and -- weaver hold he arm -- nose bloody -- but move -- back away -- turn to find Kevin still across the street and -- it 's gonna be okay . and then , a big flat - nose truck -- out of nowhere -- air brake blasting as it just wipe weaver off the screen and -- Kevin fall back , flat against a wall -- staying on Kevin -- as the street come alive with the sound of emergency and he start move away and we -- CUT to : 224 omitted 224 &amp ; &amp ; 225 225 devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 122. 226 int . hospital hallway - day 226 Kevin walk through -- stop finally at a open door -- 227 int . hospital room - day 227 Mary Ann in a chair . heavily sedate . Pam stand beside she , brush she hair . Mrs. lomax , on she knee , stand now -- mrs . lomax Kevin ... honey ... kevin what be you do here ? mrs . lomax I come this morning . I be call the house and get no answer and then I speak to Pam and ... I need to talk to you . pam we get she on the first flight up this morning . mrs . lomax be you all right ? kevin I just ... I do not know . mrs . lomax will you excuse we a moment ? Mrs. lomax guide Kevin out . Mary Ann 's vacant eye watch they exit -- CUT to : 228 int . hospital hallway - day 228 just outside the room . mrs . lomax I never should have leave . I know it . I will never forgive myself . kevin I be gonna call you , I just ... ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 123. 228 continued : 228 mrs . lomax what I do , Kevin , I think it be for the best . love you be always first for I . kevin there 's nothing you could have do . mrs . lomax I could have tell you the truth . kevin about what ? mrs . lomax I have lie to you , Kevin . kevin when ? mrs . lomax always . ( pause ) Baptist endeavor youth crusade , ninety - sixty -four . I be here . in New York . that night in the elevator , you never let I answer . kevin what be you talk about ? mrs . lomax we stay a week . the tremont Hotel , it 's not there anymore , I go by and it 's go -- they have a restaurant downstairs and we eat there almost every meal -- kevin wait . stop. mrs . lomax you father be a waiter in that restaurant . kevin oh , this be great , ma ... this be just perfect -- mrs . lomax -- honey , listen to I -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 124. 228 continued : ( 2 ) 228 kevin ( total incredulity ) -- now ? you do this now ? -- because , I mean , you timing -- it 's superb -- you wait thirty year ? -- you fly up here -- you pick today ? -- mrs . lomax -- Kevin , honey , wait -- kevin -- obviously I be not under enough pressure -- I do not have enough on my mind , I need this little -- mrs . lomax listen to I . kevin why be you do this now ? mrs . lomax because I be afraid ! Kevin overwhelm -- walk away -- down the hall -- completely fritze -- leave she stand there -- mrs . lomax Kevin . Kevin ! ( call after he ) ' behold I send you out as sheep amidst the wolf . ' Kevin just stop walk . CUT to : 229 int . hospital room - day 229 Mary Ann quiet as Pam finish brush she hair . pam do not you look beautiful now . ( be something in she bag ) here . have a look and see . a hand mirror . Mary Ann turn away instantly -- mary ann no. ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 125. 229 continued : 229 pam it 's all right , dear . look ... mary ann no. please ... pam go on . take a look . see how beautiful you be ? Mary Ann open she eye . there 's she reflection . she be beautiful . it 's okay . she smile . what be she afraid of ? and then , the mirror shift to find -- 230 omitted 230 231 int . hospital room - day 231 Pam -- a monster ( efx ) -- she feature horribly transformed in the glass and -- 232 int . hospital room - day 232 Mary Ann rear back -- she head smash into Pam 's face so hard that the mirror shatter -- Pam , blind for a moment , staggering back -- Mary Ann on she foot and fight and Pam suddenly push and -- CUT to : 233 int . hospital hallway - day 233 Pam stand there , hold she face in pain , as the glass door slam shut and -- mrs . lomax what 's go on ? Mary Ann through the glass , jam a chair up under the doorknob -- mrs . lomax Kevin ! Kevin jogging down the hall -- try the door -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 126. 233 continued : 233 kevin ( it will not open ) Mary Ann . hey . hey ! ( still no luck ) omigod ... get somebody ! go ! Pam do not move . 234 omitted 234 &amp ; &amp ; 235 235 236 int . hospital room - day 236 Mary Ann , kneel on the floor , pick up a break shard of mirror and -- CUT to : 237 int . hospital hallway - day 237 kevin mare ! -- look at I ! -- stop ! -- right now -- mare ! -- CUT to : 238 int . hospital room - day 238 Mary Ann raise the glass / blade to she throat . kevin ( through the glass ) Mary Ann , no ! no! no ! CUT to : 239 omitted 239 240 int . hospital hallway - day 240 mrs . lomax -- help ! -- help ! -- somebody ! we need help -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 127. 241 int . hospital glass door / hallway - day 241 Kevin bang like mad on the glass but -- kevin -- mare ! -- no ! -- look at I ! -- Mary Ann raise the blade to she throat and -- kevin -- stop ! -- no ! -- mare ! -- Kevin grab a fold chair -- swinging it -- CUT to : 241a omitted 241a through through 243 243 243a int . hospital room - day 243a smash ! -- glass shatter over the floor , but Kevin still can not get in -- wire mesh embed in the window be bent but unbroken and he 's tear at it and -- kevin -- mare ! -- hang on ! -- I be almost there ! -- look at I ! and she do . watch he claw at the wire -- mary ann I love you . pull the blade across she neck -- kevin noooooooooo ! CUT to : 243b omitted 243b through through 243d 243d 244 int . hospital hallway - day 244 Kevin kick full force against the door and -- CUT to : devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 128. 244a int . hospital room - day 244a the door buckle -- the chair wedge in there send fly -- Kevin stumbling over break glass -- kevin oh , God , mare , what have you do ? -- no ... Mary Ann fall to the floor -- she bloody hand still hold the blade deep in she neck -- orderly # 1 -- why ? -- oh God , mare , why ? ( over he shoulder ) we need a doctor in here ! CUT to : 244b int . hospital hallway - day 244b patient out of they room -- stand at they doorway -- sedate , bovine expression watch -- mrs . lomax ( run through ) -- please -- somebody -- help she ! -- what be you all do ? somebody ! -- orderly # 1 turn the corner up ahead -- orderly # 1 what 's the hell 's go on down here ? CUT to : 244c int . hospital room - day 244c Kevin cradling Mary Ann -- he hand try to staunch the wound in she neck -- blood flow -- she be not move -- she eye be start to fix and -- kevin -- no , mare -- hang on -- please , mare , I be right here , it 's gonna be okay , baby -- oh , God , mare , why do you do this ? -- ( scream now ) where 's the fuck doctor ?! orderly # 1 ( o.s. ) oh shit , man ... ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 129 . 244c continued : 244c Kevin turn -- orderly # 1 in the doorway -- kevin what be you do ? help she ! orderly # 1 hey , look , I be not no doctor ... ( back away ) hang on -- lemme -- yelling in the hall now , and face in the doorway . Mrs. lomax cry and two weird patient from the next stare and ... Pam . and only we can see it , but she 's smile ... kevin -- please , baby , stay with I ... it will be okay -- it 's gonna be fine just , just stay with I -- oh God , mare ... please , baby ... Kevin hold she , but she 's go , as we -- dissolve to : 245 omitted 245 through through 246 246 247 int . hospital - back stairwell - day 247 but someplace completely different . older . dark. empty . echoey . a fluorescent bulb sputtering out . footstep approach ... it 's Kevin . and we know instantly that Mary Ann be dead . there 's blood on he shirt . his eye be raw . at he side , a small suitcase contain she personal effect . more than grief , more than shock , what we notice most be he frighteningly grim determination . up ahead , a bench . Mrs. lomax huddle here . cried out . empty . holding herself more tightly as he set down the suitcase . mrs . lomax I could have pack that up for you . Kevin sit . if he lose he steel he will drow . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 130 . 247 continued : 247 mrs . lomax I wish you 'da let I help you . kevin finish the story . ( off silence ) nineteen -sixty -four . you be in New York . there 's a waiter in a restaurant . ( wait ) finish the story . mrs . lomax he talk to I . nobody would ever really talk to I before . sixteen year old , a thousand mile away from home , somebody take a interest ... work so hard , put himself through school , I would never meet anybody like that . knew the Bible , every word , just know it by heart . every meal , there he be , at my ear and I just ... I do not want that week to ever end . but it do . he come to say goodbye , it be late , and I start to cry and he say not to worry , ' behold , I send you out as sheep amidst the wolf . ' and that just stop I cold because we would spend that whole day at Bible study read Matthew ten and there be just no way for he to know about that , so I be ... I take it as a sign . I let he in . and then everything be different . he be cruel . he be so cruel and I be so ashamed , I think I would die ... Kevin 's eye settle on the suitcase . Mary Ann ... mrs . lomax I promise right there if God would let I back into his grace I would never leave again . I pray there be a reason this terrible thing have happen . there have to be a reason . and there be . it be you . you be my bless . you be reason enough to endure anything . how much I love you . kevin I want to hear you say it . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 131. 247 continued : ( 2 ) 247 mrs . lomax his face -- that night -- I know it be he and the same time I be confuse -- and you be so proud you would come to New York and do all this on you own , I do not have the heart to tell you -- kevin say it . mrs . lomax ( desperate to finish ) -- you wonder yourself -- the apartment , the money , all this attention , everything out of nowhere ... ( pause ) milton . he 's you father . ( there it be , out loud ) somehow he find we . tracked you down . kevin no . mrs . lomax what do you mean ? kevin he 's always be there . I know that now . watch . wait . he 's be play we like a game . jerk we around . destroy Mary Ann ... Kevin stand . quiet fury . a machine . mrs . lomax what be you do ? kevin I gotta go . mrs . lomax no ... let it alone ! stay with I . ( panicked ) forget about he ! we can leave here . we can go home ! we do not ever have to see he again ! ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 132. 247 continued : ( 3 ) 247 kevin I can not do that . you go home . ( back away ) pray for Mary Ann . mrs . lomax Kevin , please ... honey ! ( call after he ) I love you ! Kevin disappear down the stair . Mrs. lomax drop to she knee as he footstep echo away , and we -- CUT to : 248 ext . hospital exit and STREET - day 248 as Kevin explode through a fire door . Pam stand there , have a smoke . pam there you be ... ( all smile ) look at you ... you be terrify . not to worry . he will take that fear away . you do not ever have to be frighten again . go on , he 's wait ... Kevin turn and something be very wrong -- 249 ext . hospital exit and STREET - day 249 fifty -seventh Street be empty . no car . no people . just the building and the silence . turn back and Pam be go , and then -- and then a wider angle -- it go on and on ... he 's alone . just now realize the scale of milton 's power . start to walk , as we -- CUT to : 250 int . miltone apartment - night 250 the room 's only light come from the huge bas relief . Kevin step off the elevator , into the room . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 133. 250 continued : 250 milton ( o.s. ) you be right about one thing ... I have be watch . could not help myself . watch , wait , hold my breath . but I be no puppeteer , Kevin ... milton appear out of nowhere . walk past Kevin . milton ... I do not make thing happen . do not work like that . free will -- it 's like butterfly wing -- one touch and it never get off the ground . I only set the stage . you pull you own string . Kevin have a gun -- Cullen 's gun , in he hand -- kevin what do you do to Mary Ann ? milton a gun ? in here ? kevin what do you do to my wife ? milton on a scale of one to ten , ten be the most deprave act of sexual theater , one be a average Friday night run-through at the lomax household , I would say ... ( beat ) six . Kevin fire the gun -- bang ! bang ! bang ! -- bullet pass right through he -- into the wall -- milton whoa ... get I ! damn ! ( laugh ) that 's my boy . step on up ! stay angry ! keep hold to that great fury ! hang on tight , Kevin , because it 's the final fig leaf . Kevin lower the gun to he side . kevin who be you ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 134. 250 continued : ( 2 ) 250 milton never lose a case . why ? why ? because you be so fuck good ? yes . but why ? kevin because you be my father . milton well , I be a little more than that . awful hot in that courtroom , be not it ? ' what 's the game plan , Kevin ? ' ( reporter 's voice ) ' it be a nice run , Kevin . have to close out someday . ' kevin who be you ? milton I have so many name . kevin Satan . milton call I dad . kevin Mary Ann , barzoon , weaver ... milton come on . you be not listen . blame I for Mary Ann ? I hope you be kid . you could have save she any time you like . she only want love . but you know it would not really work out , do not you ? Mary Ann in New York ? face it , you start look to better - deal she the minute you get here . kevin that 's a lie . milton hey , it 's not that you do not care for she , it 's just you be a little bit more involved with someone else . yourself . kevin what the hell do you know about love ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 135 . 250 continued : ( 3 ) 250 milton bio-chemically no different than eat large quantity of chocolate . ( sharply now ) do not be such a fuck chump . there 's only one real sickness in all of creation and that be self - delusion . I tell you to take care of you wife -- that the world would understand . and you make a choice . ' you know what scare I , John ? I leave the case , she get better and I hate she for it ...' remember ? kevin you set I up . it 's entrapment . milton who tell you to pull out the stop for Mr. getty ? and moyez -- the direction you take -- snake handler , pope and swamis all feed at the same trough -- whose idea be that ? and then Cullen -- know he 's guilty -- see that picture -- put that lie bitch on the stand ... what do I say , Kevin ? maybe it be time to lose , right ? you do not think so . kevin that 's my job . that 's what I do ! milton exactly ! ( gotcha ) vanity be definitely my favorite sin . self love . it 's so basic . what a drug . cheap , all - natural , and right at you fingertip . pride . that 's where you be strongest . and believe I , I understand . work for someone else ? -- hey , I could not hack it . ' better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven . ' kevin what do you want from I ? milton what do I want ? I want you to be yourself ! devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 136. 251 omitted 251 &amp ; &amp ; 252 252 253 int . miltone apartment - night 253 ( efx ) the Bas relief -- that wall of body swirl in marble cloud -- it 's go to come to life -- 254 int . miltone apartment - night 254 milton I have have many child , Kevin . so many disappointment . neurotic , indecisive wannabe . over -eager , ham -hande butcher . strung - out , priapic loser . and then there 's you . you mother , I will tell you , she outstrip my wildest fantasy . that church she drag you to ? every day ? what training . what a challenge ! it 's awesome what you have do . how far you have come . both of you ... you and you sister . christabella emerge from behind the bar -- milton half -sister to be exact . christabella surprise . milton what do you think , Kevin ? what a scene , huh ? christabella ( pass Kevin ) do not let he scare you . milton wait till you meet she mother . kevin it be a test , be not it ? the whole game , you sit there , keep score . milton no . that 's the other guy . I do not judge anybody . as far as I be concerned , everyone 's a winner . ( more ) ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 137 . 254 continued : 254 milton ( cont 'd ) God 's you prankster , my boy . think of it . he give man instinct . he give you this extraordinary gift and then , I swear to you -- for he own amusement -- he own private , cosmic gag reel -- he set the rule in opposition . it 's the goof of all time . look but do not touch . touch but do not taste . taste but do not swallow . and while you be jump from one foot to the other he 's laugh he sick fuck ass off ! he 's a tight - ass . he 's a sadist . he 's a absentee landlord ! ( incredulous ) worship that ? never . 255 int . miltone apartment - night 255 ( efx ) the Bas relief get stranger and more seductive by the moment -- body spin and spawn -- 256 int . miltone apartment - night 256 milton I be here , on the ground , my nose in it since the whole damn thing begin . why ? because I worship man himself . and it 's my time now . we time . christabella anybody want a drink ? I be have a drink . kevin this be some pitch . you must need I pretty bad . what do you want ? milton Eddie be right . you name be on the partnership charter . I want you to take over the firm . you and you sister . kevin be that it ? ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 138. 256 continued : 256 milton no. ( let he hand brush she cheek ) she 's ovulate . right now . kevin what ? milton you vanity be justified , Kevin , you be the seed to a new future . you son will sit at the head of all table . you hold a special place in the history of all thing . kevin you want a child . milton I want a family . kevin the Antichrist . milton whatever ... kevin but I have to volunteer . christabella begin to strip . milton free will . it 's a bitch . ( beat ) I need a family . I command a ever larger presence on the board . I be busy and I need some help . there 's a plan here . I have be conserve my energy . synergy . prioritize . it 's the millennium , Kevin . title fight . round twenty . I be ready to work . kevin so what be you offer ? milton be we negotiate ? kevin always . ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 139 . 256 continued : ( 2 ) 256 milton yes ! kevin what be you offer ? milton everything . anything . all of it ! ( he 's get he ) what be I offer ? I be offer bliss . instant bliss . bliss by remote control . bliss on tap . that first line of cocaine . that walk into a strange girl 's bedroom . the jury come back in thirty - eight minute . freedom . Revolution ! Viva la causa ! 257 omitted 257 through through 259 259 260 int . miltone apartment - night 260 ( efx ) the Bas relief transform into real cloud and body and the frame of it disappear and -- 261 int . miltone apartment - night 261 kevin you be right , be not you ? about I . I mean , I make all the choice , do not I ? getty . Cullen . Mary Ann . I do kill she , do not I ? milton do not be too hard on yourself . christabella pass Kevin , hand he she bra . christabella it 's do . forget it . it 's all for we now . milton God , she 's just fuck stun , be not she ? christabella linger and Kevin lean in ... kissing she ... just a moment before she pull away -- ( continued ) devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 140. 261 continued : 261 kevin you be right . I want to fuck she from the minute we meet . milton like that 's wrong . like there 's anything wrong with that . that there could be law prevent something so natural . that 's we ticket in . ( excited now ) do you know there be more student in law school right now than lawyer walk the Earth ? 262 int . miltone apartment - night 262 ( efx ) the Bas relief have become a orgy , body come to life in a swirl , narcotic haze and -- 263 int . miltone apartment - night 263 milton we be come out , gun blaze . the two of you -- all of we -- acquittal after acquittal until the stench of it reach so high into heaven it choke the whole fuck lot of they ! what we cannot legislate we will buy . what we can not buy we will degrade . we will blow every fuse of enlightenment until it look like a vandalize , neon sign ! and while God be busy at he peephole -- as he deign we with he disapproval -- as he lumber around he empty kingdom like some overf colonial governor -- as God sleep late , we will win . we have get a winner here , kid ! kevin in the Bible you lose . you be destine to lose . milton consider the source . christabella -- she hand -- move over she body -- christabella stop talk . both of you . ( reach out ) Kevin , please ... devil' advocate - Rev. 1/18/97 141. 264 int . miltone apartment - night 264 ( efx ) the body craning to watch as they roll by . 265 int . miltone apartment - night 265 christabella ( urgently now ) Kevin , really , please ... milton she 's right , my son . it 's time to step up and take what 's yours . kevin you be right . it 's time . Kevin raise the gun to he temple -- quick and simple -- SNAP ! -- he 's blow he brain out -- milton stunne -- disbely for a moment and then a aura of fire and heat explode around he -- milton nooooooo ...! CUT to : 266 omitted 266 &amp ; &amp ; 267 267 142 . 268 int . miltone apartment - night 268 ( efx ) Kevin start to fall in super slow motion and -- CUT to : 269 int . miltone apartment - night 269 ( efx ) the room consume with fire as the heat explode around milton 's body and -- CUT to : 270 int . miltone apartment - night 270 ( efx ) Kevin still fall and -- CUT to : 271 int . miltone apartment - night 271 ( efx ) christabella beat at the flame that now cover she body and -- CUT to : 272 int . miltone apartment - night 272 ( efx ) Kevin still fall and -- CUT to : 273 int . miltone apartment - night 273 ( efx ) the Bas relief . the cloud be now fire -- the body now burn and -- CUT to : 274 int . miltone apartment - night 274 ( efx ) Kevin still fall and -- CUT to : 275 int . miltone apartment - night 275 ( efx ) milton as he clothes burn away -- as the heat eat away he feature -- 143 . 276 int . miltone apartment - night 276 ( efx ) as he become young and young and young , until suddenly -- 277 int . miltone apartment - night 277 ( efx ) for a moment . he be a angel . a instant of exquisite perfection amidst the flame . and then , just as -- 278 int . miltone apartment - night 278 ( efx ) suddenly -- he explode ! -- and we -- CUT to : 279 int . miltone apartment - night 279 ( efx ) the Bas relief freezing instantly back into stone -- trap in torture , agonizing finality . 280 int . miltone apartment - night 280 ( efx ) and then , the whole thing just crumble . Stone raining down in tiny piece and -- CUT to : 281 int . miltone apartment - night 281 ( efx ) Kevin in super slow motion as he fall the final few inch to the floor and at the moment of impact we hear the sound of thunder and we -- CUT to : 282 int . florida courthouse - men' room - day 282 the mirror . and Kevin 's face . as thunder echoes away and become nothing more than a flushing urinal . we be back in Florida . where we start . Kevin touch he face . his body . his head . he 's alive . he touch the mirror . he 's insane . he 's here . it 's now . water running in the sink . ( continued ) 144 . 282 continued : 282 reporter ( o.s. ) ( behind he ) it be a nice run . kev. have to close out someday . nobody win them all . the reporter exit . Kevin alone with the mirror and he reflection . and then it 's over . he 's make he decision . replacing he wedding ring . reaching for he jacket , as we -- CUT to : 283 int . florida courthouse - hallway - day 283 Kevin walk through . his game face . a court officer open the door and -- CUT to : 284 int . florida courtroom - day 284 Kevin enter . stand there a moment . search for heath in the back of the courtroom . he 's not there . a single empty seat . Kevin move quickly down the aisle . Mary Ann stand there , completely unprepare as Kevin come in behind she . embrace she . holding she tightly to he with a fervor that we alone will understand . mary ann honey , what be you do ? ( quietly ) be you okay ? Kevin nod . smile . back away . into he seat . getty there beside he . Kevin will not look at he . bailiff all rise for the honorable justice garson deed . the judge enter . take he seat . judge ( to Barbara ) you be still under oath , young lady . ( more ) ( continued ) 145 . 284 continued : 284 judge ( cont 'd ) ( to Kevin ) you witness , Mr. lomax . kevin you honor , I be terribly sorry , but I can no longer represent my client . I need to be replace as counsel . another silence . but this one be not very long . there will be chaos in the courtroom . getty will freak out and the press will start run for the phone and the judge will be bang that gavel , as we -- CUT to : 285 int . florida courthouse - hallway - day 285 as the door open and the chaos begin to spill into the hallway . Kevin try to rush away with Mary Ann but right behind they -- reporter Kevin ! -- hey ! ( catch up ) listen , this story -- this be the one , pal -- this be the one you dream about -- kevin there be no story . reporter bullshit . a lawyer with a crisis of conscience ? you gotta be kid . it 's huge ! kevin they be gonna disbar I , Larry . you can cover that . mary ann can they do that ? reporter not when I get through with the story . ( still walk ) you gotta talk , Kevin . you gotta gimme a exclusive . ( more ) ( continued ) 146 . 285 continued : 285 reporter ( cont 'd ) this be wire service . this be ' sixty Minutes ' . this be a story that need to be tell . it 's you ! you be a star ! kevin call I tomorrow . reporter you get it . first thing . Kevin nod . holding Mary Ann 's hand as they escape . 286 int . florida courthouse - hallway - day 286 the reporter watch they go for a moment . then turn back . 287 int . florida courthouse - hallway - day 287 ( efx ) and as he do , he feature change , transform - - like that -- into milton . 288 int . florida courthouse - hallway - day 288 it 's milton . always there . and he smile . and we freeze frame . fade out . the end