raymond chandler be we the long goodbye screenplay by leigh brackett . revise draft - March 7 , 1972 missi page 21 Al int , marlowe live room - night a small room , dimly light by a street lamp outside . someone be pound on the front door . presently a light go on in adjoin bedroom . rumpled from sleep , pull on a dress gown over he pyjamas , philip marlowe enter . marlowe all right , all right ... do not break it in . he cross to the door , pause to snap on a lamp . we can see the room now ; a tatty furnish rental that probably have not change much since the fifty . the only personal item there be be a hi-fi and record collection , and a chess board with a problem set up on it . marlowe be a loner , and a lonely man . voice outside ( with more knock ) phil ... it 's I , Terry . marlowe open the door , ' terry lennox be on he door - step ; a handsome , personable , likable man who project complete sincerity . he be well - dress and have with he a fair-size suitcase . marlowe look at hin , yawn , terry it 's a hell of a hour to be pound on you door ... marlowe but ... you have get a suitcase , and a problem . come on in , Terry . Terry pick up the suitcase and come in , shutting the door behind he . marlowe be busy lighting a cigarette . marlowe who 's on you tail ... marty Augustine ? terry I know better than to tangle with people like he . no ... I be afraid the trouble be with my wife . marlowe . you and sylvia split up again ? continued Al bl b2 b3 cl contd terry look like it . you want to hear all the sordid detail ? marlowe no. okay , Terry , what can I do for you ? terry I have get to get away for a while . maybe we will both have some second thought . will you take I to Tijuana ? {a beat ) I could drive myself , but that red maserati stand out like a search - light , and I do not want she send people to track I down . marlowe Tijuana . ( he sigh , not happy , but willing to do it ) fix yourself a drink . i'11 be with you in a couple of minute . dissolve to ext , tijuana gate - night marlowe 's car , a undistinguished heap , not too old , not too new , pass through the gate to the mexican side . ext . tijuana STREET ~ night marlowe 's car pull in to the curb . Terry get out , lift the suitcase from the back seat , lean back in to shake hand with marlowe , and walk away along the street , carry the case . ext . tijuana STREET - night marlowe look after Terry , shake he head , then do a U -turn and drive off . ext . marlowe house - morning a modest old - fashioned stucco house on a street , say , above Franklin . marlowe drive up and be about to pull into the open garage when two man step out of it continued cl c2 contd and stop he . they be plainclothesmen , detective . sergeant GREEN lean on the window . GREEN you name marlowe ? marlowe yeah . Green flash he id . GREEN let 's go inside . we want to talk to you , he open the car door , indicate that marlowe shall get out . int . marlowe live room - morning we hear the key in the lock . the door open . the second cop step in first , look around ; satisfied the place be empty , he nod and mariowe and Green come in . GREEN sit down , marlowe . marlowe stand . the cop shrug and sit down . GREEN I be sergeant Green , this be detective dayton . where do you go last night ? dayton have a notebook and pen . marlowe light a cigarette . - marlowe this be where I say , what 's all this about ? and you say , we ask the question . GREEN so just answer they . where do you go last night ? marlowe maybe if I know why you want to know , I could remember , continued c2 contd he toss license . dayton be you gainfully employ , Mr. marlowe ? ( a beat ) where do you work ? marlowe I understand English , believe it or not . I 'ma private detective , I run my own agency . he wallet to dayton , open to show he dayton look at it , pass it silently to Green , who glance at it and drop it on a table . GREEN you know a man name Terry lennox , marlowe who say I do ? GREEN : his address book , and there 's a red maserati park at the bottom of the hill ... register to he . marlowe so ? GREEN so where do you go last night ? marlowe let I see . I go down to a joint on Franklin and have a hamburger and a cup of coffee ... the hamburger be not very good . I come back here and run off khatchaturyan 's violin concerto ... I do not like it ... and play a game of chess against wilhelm steinitz . dayton ( write ) wilhelm steinitz ... address ? marlowe he 's be dead for 72 year . I lose . what else do you want to know ? continued oo c2 contd ( 2 ) GREEN what time do Terry lennox come here ? marlowe I do not say he do . Green rise to face marlowe . unobtrusively dayton circle around in back of marlowe . GREEN look , marlowe . you have be go along time . I know , because I have miss half a night 's sleep wait for you to come back . now you tell I where you be . ' marlowe I do not have to tell you anything , sergeant Green . jf you have a '' specific charge against I , state it . otherwise , buggar off . of ~ GREEN dayton , do we have a specific charge against Mr. marlowe ? dayton shove marléwe from behind , hard , into Green , who stagger back and fall to he hand and knee . dayton ( grin ) now we do . marlowe oh , shit , you can not pull that one ... dissolve to dl insert = day ly a man 's hand write on a form ; we see a blue uniform ge? sleeve . : voice over assault a police officer in the performance of he duty ... D2 d3 int . interrogation room - day a portion of the wall and one corner . marlowe slam into the wall from o.s. with considerable force , roll into the corner , and try to regain he balance . farmer' voice over my God , you be clumsy , marlowe ... int , interrogation room = day a small bleak room with table and chair . marlowe , det . lo. farmer , a detective . farmer always trip over something . marlowe ( bleed slightly from the nose ) yeah . Farmer take he firmly by the arm and sit he down . farmer just sit down and stay there , we do not want you all bang up , some - body might get the wrong impression . now tell I , marlowe ... why will not you answer a simple question ? marlowe two reason . first , it be not simple . second , I do not like the way you ask it . he have take out a pack of cigarettes . he start to light one . Farmer snatch they away . farmer you crazy , rotting you lung out with that thing ? do not you know what they do to you ? besides , they stink up the place . know marlowe be a heavy smoker , he 's go to let he suffer , farmer . all right , I be go to give you one more chance . where do you go last night , and why ? continued ~~ d3 contd marlowe one more chance before what ? farmer before I throw the book at you . 's marlowe I be wait to hear the charge . farmer oh , do not give I that innocent crap . you want I to believe you friend Terry lennox turn up in the middle of the night and you drive he a few hundred mile to . somewhere , and he never tell you ? '' marlowe : told I what ? parmer you want to hear the charge ? okay . accessory after the fact of murder ... marlowe who 's dead ? farmer ».. aid a felon in unlawful flight ... marlowe ' I ask you , Lieutenant . who 's dead ? farmer Terry lennox ' wife , that 's who 's dead , and not very nice dead . he snap he finger at the number two cop , who pass he some b/w glossy out of a folder . the Lieutenant give this to marlowe , who be revolt . he put they down . marlowe { I do not believe it . farmer you have to believe she 's dead , that 's i obvious . so what do not you believe ? cc marlowe that Terry lennox do it . continued d3 contd ( 2 ) farmer you do not believe he could beat a woman to death , marlowe no . farmer how long have you know he ? marlowe Long enough for I . farmer ' he 's a gambler , mix up with people like marty Augustine . all the dirty pool , football , baseball , basketball , hockey ... : marlowe a gambler , yes . a killer , no . he love he wife . farmer ' they split up once before . marlowe yes . farmer they be divorced . marlowe they remarry , they have they ~ trouble , who do not ? but they love each other . farmer be she cheating on he ? marlowe I do not know anything about it . farmer be he cheating on she ? marlowe same answer . farmer do not know much about you old pail , do you ? continued d3 d4 contd ( 3 ) marlowe the lennox have money , I do not , and I do not like freeloader . this day , Terry and I have a drink together once in a while . farmer last night , what do he tell you ... that he be in a jam with he - gambling associate ? marlowe do not answer . farmer that he be fight with he wife again ? . ( no answer ) what excuse do he give you ? {no answer ) oh , the heli with it . ( toss marlowe 's cigarettes at he ) here , go stink up a cell . ( to other cop} take he out and book he . dissolve to int , jail cell - day marlowe , alone in the cell , lie on the bunk , smoking , his clothes look as though he would sleep in they ... he have -»-his shirt be soile , he have a three - day growth of beard . he turn he head wearily as footstep sound in the corridor . : a warder appear at the door , unlock it and swing it open . warder okay , on you foot . marlowe get up , feel some tender spot . marlowe more question ? I do not know which will give first , I or that wall . continued d4 DS 10 contd warder never mind . move it . marlowe leave the cell . int . jail room - day corner of a dingy room with a counter . a uniform cop be dump the content of a manila envelope onto the counter ; marlowe 's wallet , key , etc . marlowe check the wallet . the warder be look on . uniformed cop all in order ? marlowe yeah . uniformed cop sign here . marlowe sign , look at the warder . marlowe what go on ? warder you be loose , buster . ai not that enough for you ? marlowe no , not after three day of get bounce around . I want to see the Lieutenant . warder what Lieutenant ? marlowe you know damn well what Lieutenant , Farmer , the one who 's be do all the push . warder 0 , he . well , you go through there and ask the desk sergeant . ( to uniform cop ) some people be just never satisfied . cur to 11 a dé int . corridor ~- police department - day marlowe be look at door . at the other end of the corridor Farmer and another man come out of a office and start toward marlowe , not see he ; they be deep in conversation . marlowe see they and quicken he pace . farmer ( to other man ) + »+.get a make on that print , and tell ballistics to hurry it up . if we can match . , . marlowe Lieutenant ... farmer {impatient at be ' interrupt ) i yes ? oh , it 's you . what do you want ? marlowe you be drop the charge against will I ? . farmer that 's right . marlowe why ? all of a sudden . farmer because we be no longer interested in you . marlowe ( follow they along the corridor ) what happen ? parmer we get all we answer . marlowe but what about Terry lennox ? i farmer he 's dead , marlowe , the case be of ~ close , continued d6 El e2 12 marlowe Terry ... dead ? how ? what do you mean , the case ... but Farmer and the other man have step into a lift and the door close in he face . marlowe Son of a bitch ...! int . lobby - hall of justice - day establishing marlowe he be buy a paper from a coin - op box . organ the crime reporter walk up - to he . morgan you will not find anything in that . we have get fresher murder . marlowe oh , hello , Morgan . happenstance ? norgal no , I hear they be spring you this morning . get a way to .get home ? harlowe ( shake he head ) this bastard be reali good at bring you in , but they do not care how you get back . morgal I can give you a lift . get a couple of back issue you might want to see . marlow I want to know what happen to Terry lennox . horgan . they do not tell you ? continued e2 e3 e4 13 contd marlowe like you say , they have get fresher murder . all I hear be that he 's dead and the case be close . morgan . you waste you three day , marlowe . my car 's across the street , — cuT to insert a newspaper in marlowe 's hand ; front page with head - line , lennox suicide , a photo of Terry and a woman , sylvia . a smaller headline say admit killing wife . marlowe' voice over suicide !? int . morgan' car ( process ) - day Morgan drive through Los Angeles street . morgan blew he brain out in some god - forsaken little mexican town . he leave a full confession ... . marlowe it can read . morgan I be sorry , marlowe , marlowe why should you be sorry ? it 's just another story to you . morgan I be sorry because you be stupid . you sit in the pokey take lump for you friend , and you friend let you down . stupid , marlowe , but it 's a kind of stupidity I like . we run a story on you , by the way . it 's there , picture and all . ' he indicate a second newspaper on the seat between they . marlowe give it a cursory glance . continued e4 contd 14 marlowe thanks . that will help business a lot . ( return to story of Terry lennox ) otatoclan . where the hell be otatoclan ? morgan I be not just sure , but it 's way back in , cater mostly to hunter , I think . marlowe why would he go there ? he could have kill himself right in Tijuana . morgan '' Tijuana , huh ? that 's where I figure you take he . Hell , he could have kill himself right here in l.a . the man be at the end of he rope , marlowe , you can not figure what they will do . they do not know themselves , marlowe what happen to the body ? morgan his wife 's family do not want it back , for obvious reason . I guess he do not have any family of he own , marlowe there be a aunt , but she 's dead . morgan so he 's bury at otatoclan . no morgue facility there ... they shovel ‘em under real fast . marlowe uh-huh . case close . all tie up with a little blue bow on top . shit ! Terry be not at the end of he rope . and the way he talk , sylvia be not dead then , either . I do not believe it . I do not believe he kill he wife , I do not believe he kill himself . morgan evidence ? continued e4 es fl f2 15 contd ( 2 ) marlowe I know the man . Morgan , you have be on the crime beat for year . do not this smell to you at all ... not even - one little bit ? morgan not to I , not to the cop . marlowe ... when you get home , take a hot shower , get stinking drunk ... and forget it . cuT to int . marlowe live room = day marlowe , scrubbed and shave , be work assiduously on a bottle of bourbon , but he manner be restless and uneasy . he can not get drunk and forget it . he look up a number in the phone book , and dial . marlowe hello ... fairway Travel service ? yes ... I be think of a trip to Mexico . I want to go to a place call otatoclan . that 's right ... ontwa-t-o0 ... dissolve to ext . otatoclan - full shot - day establishing a dusty , remote mexican village . int . office of the jefe do policia - day a whitewash room with a desk , some chair , filing cabinet , etc . the jefe and the local doctor talk with marlowe . doctor - I myself make the examination and sign the document . I be coroner here as well as doctor . you may wish to look at this photograph . he hand two b/w print to marlowe . 16 eo f3 insert the photograph in marlowe 's hand . the one uppermost show the body of Terry lennox , largely nude , lie in a crude wooden coffin , pack in ice . a blacken wound show on the temple . +. doctor' voice over | @ 3 we facility be limited . it be necessary to bring ice from the hotel ... marlowe shuffles the photograph , bring uppermost a close shot of Terry 's head , pack in ice , wich a ugly contact wound show clearly on the temple . the doctor 's hand enter shot , point . doctor' voice over you see ... death be instantaneous . f4 back to scene marlowe I see. ( return photo ) the gun ? o~ . ' . jefe be he , register to he in Los Angeles County . marlowe you gentleman be be very kind . I hope it 's not too much trouble . jefe we be most happy , Mr. narlowe . you ' be a friend of the decease , . marlowe i I be grateful . as I understand it , : Terry lennox check into the hotel , be show to he room , and about a hour later he shot himself , jefe that be correct . marlowe how do he get here ...to otatoclan ? , blank face . c continued 17 ef f4 —s contd marlowe there be only two way for the tourist ... the small charter plane from Tijuana and the way I come , by the hire jeep . I ask around . Terry lennox do not fly , and he do not hire the jeep . so how do he get here ? jefe this be a mystery , Mr. marlowe . we do not know how he come , marlowe somebody must have bring he . jefe it would seem so . . marlowe but nobody see who it be . : the jefe spread he nand . and nobody see anyone come into the hotel , or go to Terry 's room . jefe the answer I receive be no . you may ask there yourself , Mr. marlowe . marlowe I already have . can I see Terry lennox ' effect ? jefe ' certainly . he take a small box out of a drawer and empty it on the desk ; wallet , key , handkerchief . marlowe with open the wallet . it 's empty . . marlowe : he have a suitcase , jefe por favor ? cr continued cc f4 contd ( 2 ) 18 marlowe when he check into where be it ? a suitcase . the hotel . jefe oh , yes , the suitcase . it be not in he room . I regret to say it , but thine disappear . I question ths hotel staff , of course , but ... marlowe it may surprise you , but thing disappear in New York and L.A. , too , you be sure lennox do not contact anyone here in town ? no phone call , no message ? jefe not that I know of . what else can I show you ? fingerprint ... oshow marlowe a set of print } a stat of this be send to you Los Angeles police ... they match that of lennox on file there . I believe he have be engage in ... marlowe gambling . yes . can I see the note ? the jefe extract it from the open file folder on he desk whence the other item have come . jefe it be on the desk beside he , a stat of this be also send . it be without doubt he handwrite . marlowe I wonder how carefully they check that . they would not want to find . it be not . ( examine note ) short and to the point . suicide note and full confession , all in a few well - choose word . no incoherent rambling , no hysterics . he must have have nerve of steel . jefe you be suggest something , Mr. marlowe ? continued cc f4 f5 cc ro f6 gl ed g2 19 contd ( 3 ) marlowe I be suggest that handwrite can be forge , and that murder can be make to look like suicide . I be suggest that I would like to know who bring Terry lennox here , and why . I be suggest , senor jefe , that someone be lie . jefe Mr. marlowe ...! - marlowe ( forestalling the man 's anger , give he a business card ) if you ever find out who it be , I would appreciate it if you would iet I know . thank you for you time , gentleman . and ... which way be the cemetery ? ext . otatoclan cemetery = day one of that bleak little mexican cemetery , the wooden cross gay with ribbon and holy picture . marlowe stand with a old mexican man beside a fresh , unmark grave . in sign language marlowe indicate that he want a cross make for the grave . the old man nod . marlowe give he some money , then take out a notebook and pen and begin to print . insert the notebook page . marlowe print in block letter , terence lennox die 1972 . fade out int . marlowe office = day at the door . it open . we see the legend paint on it : philip marlowe private investigation . marlowe come in , shut the door , and take the mail out of the box under the door-slot . int . marlowe office - day a dingy small office , reflect marlowe 's non~ brilliance in the matter of financial success . he check the automatic message-recorder . continued cc g2 g3 20 contd recorded voice this be the southside Finance company . Mr. marlowe , we be call in regard to you overdue ... he shut it off , and begin to go through the mail , drop the junk stuff into the wastebasket . one item offer he some especially fine swedish porno , complete with a picture brochure ; he study this as though wonder what they will not do next . the phone ring . he answer it . marlowe marlowe speak ... yes ... ( make a note ) Mrs. Roger Wade . ... well , that would depend on the nature of the case , Mrs. Wade . ... sorry , I do not do divorce work . ... I see . have you file a miss person report with the police ? «+» uh-huh , I understand . all right , Mrs. Wade , I guess I can work it in . when would you like to meet ? ... oh , I think so . what 's the address ? ext . WADE house - day a fairly sumptuous home , suitable for a best -sell author . marlowe leave he car and ring the doorbell . a maid open the door . maid yes ? marlowe my name be marlowe , Philip marlowe . maid Mrs. Wade be expect you . int . WADE house - day the foyer , as marlowe enter . maid this way , please . ( lead he to live room ) Mr. marlowe . gs ccontd 22 marlowe how long have he be go ? eileen you must understand , this be not the first time ... marlowe how long ? eileen almost a week . marlowe and you do not worry . eileen not at first , no . Roger have a drink problem . every so often he reach a stage where he feel ~ he must have professional help . marlowe in other word , he go and get himself dry out . do not he tell you ? eileen sometimes . marlowe be not there a particular place where he go ? a doctor who take care of he ? eileen yes , but this time he do not go there . I have check every other place I could think of ... marlowe and still you do not - worry . eileen be you imply something , Mr. marlowe ? : marlowe oniy that you might have feel you deserve a few day ' rest . I do not think you get that bruise run into a door . continued cc g5 contd ( 2 ) 23 eileen there 's no need to go into all that . I be not worried because he 's disap - pear like this before ... he never would teli I where he would be . it seem to be a very private thing with he . I find this in he wastepaperbasket . it might help . she hand he a yellow second sheet that have be crumpled and then smoothe out again . marlowe half a page of manuscript ... eileen Roger be work on a new book . I be afraid it 's not be go well . you see , here , where he stop write and begin to ramble . he must have be feel quite desperate . marlowe Doctor v... Doctor v...a whole long string of v's ... all in cap ... you hust help I . who be Doctor V ? eileen that 's what I want you to find out . who he be , where he be , and what sort of hold he have over Roger . marlowe you think this be the same man he 's go to before , on this private trip ? eileen I be only guess , of course . marlowe it 's a reasonable assumption . Doctor V ... eileen not much to go on , be it ? I look in the directory under physician ... I never know there be so many name beginning with V . continued g5 al h2 24 contd ( 3 ) marlowe I think the one we want will belong to a very small group of very dis - creet specialist . he may not be too difficult to find . can you give I a picture of you husband ? eileen 'e , of course . this be the latest one . marlowe not a forgettable face . eileen he 's a very large man . sometimes I think that 's part of he trouble . we have not discuss money yet , Mr. marlowe . marlowe fifty dollar a day , and expense . he get violent when he drink ? eileen I wish I could deny that , but I can not . I will give you a check now , if you like , . marlowe thanks , I prefer a itemize bill . that way there 's no misunderstanding . okay , Mrs. Wade . I will get on this right away . insert a discreet sign on a building front : the carne organiza - tion , inc . confidential enquiries . marlowe' voice over confidential enquiry ! kee-rist , int . corridor - carne organization - day it might be the corridor of any modern business concern , reek of chrome - steel efficiency . the carne opera tive we see be proper gentleman , neatly dress , emphasize marlowe 's shabbiness . from o.s. we hear the subdued clatter of business machine . marlowe walk along the corridor , open a door . 25 cc h3 int . office - carne organization - day ' a small office room furnish in spartan modern . a t very efficient ~ look woman sit behind the desk . ' woman May I help you ? marlowe name 's marlowe ... private detective on a case ... ( show she he license ) I need some information . ' woman | what sort of information , Mr. ... um , .. marlowe ? ' marlowe nothing that will tarnish the carne Organization 's shine image , I ' . assure you . I only want some name : from you bar - window file . cc . woman ' I beg you pardon ? marlowe | | the bar - window file . the list of doctor who specialize in treat - ing rich alcoholics and borderline psychos . my client be try to lecate a husband who answer that aescription . I be only interested in the v's . woman ( make note ) you do say vee . marlowe V as in Vera . woman have a seat , Mr. marlowe . I will run the card through . she exit through a inner door . marlowe light a u cigarette , look for a ashtray , can not find one , and cc use the pot contain a plastic philodendron . the woman return with three punch card . continued 26 cc h3 '' '' contd woman vukanich , varley , and verringer . she begin to type name and address , _ marlowb just like that . think of the time and shoeleather if I would have to track they down myself . woman we consider ourselves efficient , Mr. marlowe . marlowe the organization spirit . you do not suppose nr. carne could use a in - efficient but very experience private eye like I ? woman personnel be down the hall , third cc door on you right . marlowe you tone lack that certain spark . perhaps I would better wait till I get my other suit back from the cleaner . the woman be now operate a add machine . : womal that will be sixteen dollar and fifty cent , pay at the desk . she hand he the type sheet and the slip . marlowe thank you . thank you very much . dissolve to t1 int . marlowe office - day marlowe be eat he lunch out of a paper bag and make a phone call , marlowe cc Mrs. Wade ? marlowe . I have three name .. vukanich ... varley ... verringer . any of they ring a bell ? ( more ) continued t a 1 32 33 27 contd marlowe ( coritd ) ( obviously the answer be no} uh-huh . okay , I '1l start touring . ... yes , I will , Mrs. Wade . just as soon as I do . he gulp the last of he coffee from a paper cup , sweep the debris into the wastepaperbasket . as a afterthought , he check the automatic message-recorder . recorded voice this be the southside Finance company again , Mr. marlowe ... he cut off the message and go out . ext . sunnyside spa - day marlowe 's car drive in past a identify sign . the spa look more like a motel than a hospital ; low build - ing , tree , grass , a pool , marlowe stop in front of what seem to be the main office and get out . there be people about in the grounds , sun beside the pool , strolling , sit in deck chair . instead of go into the office , marlowe start walk . ext . sunnyside spa - day marlowe prowling around the grounds , look at people ... leok for Roger Wade , he do not see anything resen - bling Roger , but a well - endow young lady in a brief bikini catch he eye . he stare ; she lift she sun - glass and glare ; and a voice speak behind marlowe . verringer look for someone ? marlowe and verringer as marlowe turn to meet dr . verringer ... a small man , quiet -spoken , with a gentle manner . verringer <« I be Dr. verringer . harlowe how do you do . my name 's marlowe . I would like to see Roger Wade . continued 28 33 contd verringer suppose we step over here , Mr. marlowe . they go apart , where they can speak privately . verringer now ... who do you want to see ? marlowe Roger Wade . verringer there 's no one here by that name . marlowe he may not be use it . recognize this ? he show Roger 's photo to verringer , who scarcely glance at it . . verringer no , May I ask what you business be , Mr. marlowe ? marlowe if he 's not here , what do you care ? verringer this be a hospital . I dislike stranger prowling about . marlowe ( show he license } I be work for Mrs. Roger Wade . she would like she husband back . verringer I be sorry I can not help you . politely but firmly he indicate that marlowe shall return to he car . they walk to it together . marlowe get in , verringer good day , Mr. marlowe . marlowe sorry I bother you , Doctor . he drive away . verringer watch to make sure he go . 29 1 cc kl int . WADE live room - evening ' marlowe and eileen . eileen but how can you be so sure he 's 1 at verringer 's ? you do not see hin ... marlowe we have three possibility , right ? Dr. vukanich , Dr. varley , Dr. verringer . Dr. vukanich and Dr. varley be helpful and cooperative , '' not because they fall in love with my baby blue eye but because they want to clear they skirt . eileen : you mean , in case something have : happen to Roger ... ' marlowe y! they want I to know that it ' have not happen at they place . '' they could not show I they admis - l sion record , of course , but they ' let I show the photograph around , and ask question . verringer do not even bother to look at the photo - graph , he just throw I out . eileen but if Roger be there , why would not he say so ? i marlowe because for some reason he do not want Roger find just yet . why do not you let I take you out there , Mrs. Wade ? verringer could hardly brush you off the way he do I . & eilsen frankly , I have not the gut . besides , : Roger would not ... I be not a good ' influence on he . . he do much better with stranger . : marlowe cc I could not make he leave , unless he want to . continued kl ll 30 contd eileen you could find out how he be , and what 's go on , and then we would know better what to do , would not we ? believe I , Mr. marlowe ... if I go out there and make a big scene , Roger will feel compel to make a bigger one . i'11 back you up if there 's any trouble . but I do not think you be afraid of trouble . marlowe what give you that idea ? eileen I read about you in the newspaper . I like what you do . marlowe that 's why you call I , instead of one of the big outfit like carne . I wonder . : eileen it seem to I that you be a man who could be trust . marlowe I will see what I can do , it may take a while . eileen I 'il be here . ext . road and gate - sunnyside spa - night marlowe drive up . the gate across the driveway be now shut and padiock . marlowe pull the car off to one side and kill the motor . he open the glove - box and then get out , hold a picklock . marlowe at the gate . he maneuvre the chain on which the padlock be secure until he can get hold of the lock ; then he proceed to open it with the picklock , he push the gate open and go through . - by & l3 l4 ls l6 é 31 ext . sunnyside spa - night marlowe approach the office . it 's dark except for a single light . he try the door ; it 's lock . he knock , nothing happen . he look around , rather baffle . ext . sunnyside spa = night the patient ' quarter be dark . marlowe move silently through the grounds ... and see one light room . he go toward it . ext . sunnyside spa - night the light be come from a glass wall , partly cover by a floor- length drape but open at one side where the slide door be push back to admit air . marlowe make he way quietly onto the terrace outside the open door . keeping in the shadow , he can both , see and hear what go on in the room beyond . int . roger be room - sunnyside spa - night a pleasant room , furnish with a bed , dresser , chair . Dr. verringer be talk with roger WADE , who sit on the bed . Roger be a huge man , who look tough and mean .».- but at the moment he seem perfectly cow by the small soft -spoken doctor . this may be because he be under some sedation . roger it 's too much , Doc . you want too much . vbrringer that be the agree price , Roger . you know that when you come here . roger yeah , but ... verringer you need I very badly when you come here , do not you ? roger I do , goddam it , but it 's too fuck much ... verringer you know better than to use that kind of language to I , continued lé l7 contd 32 : - roger . : yeah ... but five thousand dollar ...! verringer you would like to go home , would not you ? roger Christ , if I stay in this Pen much longer I will start smash the wall . ! verringer you do not smash thing , not in my place . a man come look for you today ... a private detective . you wife be try to find you . I do not think you want you wife to know too much about you reason for come here . . roger zi do not want that bitch to know anything . verringer here be you checkbook , here be a pen . the check 's make out , all you have to do be sign it . I will send you home in the morning . roger ( whining ) you be extort from I , Doc ... that 's what you be do . verringer " you try my patience . you really do , sign it , Roger . int . roger be room ~ sunnyside spa ~ night as marlowe speak from outside . : marlowe why do not we just let that wait a while ? ( open screen door and enter ) but you know , I be almost inclined to agree with he , Dr. verringer . do you always get you bill pay this way ? continued l7 contd 33 verringer none of you damned business , and how dare you break in here like this ? I could ... marlowe you could have I arrest for trespasp , but why go to all that bother ? roger who the heil be you ? : marlowe I be marlowe ... the man who be here today look for you . the good doctor dummy up . I see why now . verringer you do not see anything . roger ( assess the change in the situation ) yeah . yeah , the son of a bitch will not let I go . he want money . five thousand goddam separate and distinct dollar ... marlowe _ T hear . verringer you do not understand ... marlowe I understand that Mr. Wade want to : leave , and you be hold he pend payment of five thousand dollar . roger you go to get I out of here ? marlowe if that 's what you want I to do . roger you bet you sweet ass . ( to verringer ) I get somebody on my side now , doc. ( more ) . continued 34 oe L ? — contd ( 2 ) roger ( contd ) ' , what be you go to do about it , huh ? stick I with another goddam ' fuck needle ? verringer no , I be not go to do that . very well , I suppose I can not stop you ... not without a noisy scene and a lot of unpleasantness . but I want you to understand , Roger ... you have not hear the end of this . roger ' ah , go screw . take he checkbook , Roger heave himself up and fling ' a arm around marlowe 's shoulder . roger ' come on , little buddy . let we fly : from this shithouse before he turn 1 we both into giant snail . you get ce a car ? : marlowe : it 's a little way . can you make it ? roger do not you worry , of 1 ' Roger will make it . ( wave the checkbook ) Goodbye , Dr. V. ml ext . WADE house - night marlowe 's car in front of the house , marlowe hold the passenger door while Roger unload himself , laugh . roger the look on he face when I go off with the checkbook ... do you see it ? he stagger and marlowe steady he ... . marlowe yeah , I see it . come on . ce . continued 35 roger I bet he 's eat he goddam ass off right now ... the front door open , spilling light across the drive - way . eileen stand in the doorway . ty x 2 roger you open door now ? what the hell be I pay the goddam may for ? eileen it 's late , Roger , she 's go home . roger but you wait up . oh , she 's noble , marlowe . she be so goddam noble she can make a man puke . eileen Roger , will you please come inside ? roger afraid I will disturb the neighbor , huh ? ( shout ) hey , all you little fuck ! wake up . I be home again . iarlowe Inside . : m2 int . WADE house - night as Roger and marlowe enter , not gracefully . marlowe he 's still groggy from the dope , Mrs. Wade . roger dope. Hell . they have get a ten - dollar word for that , marlowe . it be call sedation . and they charge you ... : he break off , look with a sort of animal cun cc at eileen . then he lunge off along the hall to the study door . 5 ss m3 36 int . WADE study - night a intensely masculine room . a small arsenal decorate the wall . there be a desk with a typewriter and stack of paper . there be a huge couch . Roger be make for it . marlowe and eileen enter after he . roger I be go to sleep here . this ol ' couch be my friend . it receive I when nobody else will . marlowe look around . eileen get blanket and pillow from a cupboard . roger this be my room , marlowe . female forbidden , usually . I do my dirty work in here . see ? Fine job for aman , be not it ... write word on paper like a goddam stenographer . sometimes I look to see if I have . still get ail my part . marlowe you seem to have do all right . roger yeah , I have do just dandy . I have get a great big beautiful house and a little small beautiful wife ... eileen why do not you get some sleep now , Roger ? roger I will sleep when I goddam want to . you marry , marlowe ? marlowe no . roger you do not know what you be miss . he seem about to settle down . marlowe and eileen start to go . roger hey , little buddy . come here . continued m3 m4 contd 37 marlowe yeah ? roger I like you . I like the way you stand up to that little sod verringer . I think maybe you would be good for I . why do not you stick around a while ... keep I off the sauce until I finish the goddam book . marlowe sorry . wet -nursing be not in my line . anyway , tomorrow or the day after , you would throw I out on my ear . roger maybe you be right . maybe I would . but you come back , huh ? come back anytime . we will talk . marlowe okay , Roger . good night . int . WADE live . room - night marlowe and eileen enter . : eileen I think you have earn a drink , Mr. marlowe . marlowe I could use one . eilesn he 's take a fancy to you . scotch or bourbon ? marlowe bourbon , please . I be sorry I can not say it 's mutual . eileen I do not suppose you could he persuade ... marlowe to do what he ask ? no. ' ; continued cc m4 contd eo 38 _ bileen he 's a sick man . more so than you might think . he feel he 's all through , that he can not write any more , he stare at the paper and nothing come , and he success be fade away from he . he talk about kill himself . he need help . marlowe if he 's suicidal , he need a good psychiatrist . and I be simply not qualified . eileen I be afraid of he . marlowe you be go to have to solve that problem for yourself . : eileen yes . well . I be grateful to you for all you have do . do you have any trouble with verringer ? marlowe , not really . he be try to get a large sum of money out of Roger , before he let he go . that be why the brush - off this afternoon . eileen be it blackmail ? marlowe I be not sure . apparently Roger have make some promise to pay hin . I think the whole business have better wait , so I get reger out with he bank - account intact , but you may hear from Dr. verringer . get late , and it 's be a full day for everybody . thanks for the drink . eileen you will come back ? continued 2 m4 ni n2 n3 39 contd ( 2 ) marlowe sure . eileen and ... if I should need you again ... marlowe you just call I . anytime . good night . eileew good night . she watch he to the door . ext . marlowe house ~ night marlowe leave he car in the driveway and walk toward he rural - type mailbox , ext . STREET - night up the hill above marlowe 's house , a big dark car with ~ out light suddenly start up and swoops down . marlowe he never open the mailbox , but turn as the big dark car stop beside he . marty augustine and some hood get out . Augustine be a big-time racketeer and he dress the part ; expensive , immaculate , and somehow just a little bit wrong . augustine you keep I wait , cheapie . marlowe I be sorry , Mr. Augustine . I only see hood by appointment . one of the hood crack he across the face . hood that 's for be smart . marlowe I would have get it anyway ... it 's ' standard practice . what do you want , Augustine ? continued n3 to 40 conrtd . . augustine I do not talk on sidewalk , cheapie . int . marlowe live room - night one of the hood be go around turn on light . Augustine inspect the room , he lip curling . augustine Christ , what a dump . what do you pay for this dump , cheapie ? marlowe too much . and the name be marlowe . Augustine 's right hand man hit marlowe in the belly and shove he back onto the sofa . augustine ( to other hood ) shake it down . the hood begin tear up the place , throw stuff out of cupboard and drawer , turn back the carpet , etc . marlowe hey ...! he begin a protest , but the right -hand man now hold a gun . man sit. marlowe sit . marlowe look , Augustine . I do not gamble , I do not owe you anything , I do not even know you except by sight . so what do you want from I ? augustine you be famous , cheapie . you get you picture in the paper . every - body know about you . you run the mexican taxi service . . ( a beat ) you have a deal with Terry lennox . continued 41 eo naé — - contd marlowe what do you mean , deal ? he be my friend . I take he , augustiwe th ' bulishit , cheapie . you have a ae deal . some kind of a deal . marlowe I drive Terry to Tijuana because he ask I to . I let he out on the street , he walk away , I never see he again . augustine then you tell I something , cheapie . you tell I why you go back . marlowe back where ? augustine to Mexico . marlowe how do you know I go back to Mexico ? augustine I make it my business to know , cheapie . all of a sudden I get a interest in you . the chief hood lay the pistol across marlowe 's head , a swift sharp blow to encourage he . augustine what do you go back for ? marlowe I put a marker on Terry 's grave . it seem as though somebody ought to . augustine you put a marker on Terry 's grave . Jesus . and what else do you do in otatocian ? . marlowe . what do they tell you I do ? ( more ) continued n4 contd ( 2 ) the hood the right to get up 42 _ marlowe ( contd ) you or one of you bov must have go there ... that 's the only way you could have know . augustine you be ask about Terry 's effect ... the stuff he leave behind he . why ? marlcwe no special reason . it 's just a thing you do . augustine what be there ? marlowe one wallet , empty , and some key that do not open any lock in otatoclan . everything else have be take and put to good use . they do not waste thing down there just because somebody die . what 's you interest , marty ? it be all in the papers . hy do you go to Mexico ? augustine you get something on you mind , cheapie . let 's have it . have finish they search . hood nothing here , Mr. Augustine . augustine you forget the sofa , stupid . hand man motion with he gun for marlowe off the sofa . man up. marlowe get up . the hood take the sofa apart . augustine all right , cheapie . I be wait . continued ae n4 ns 43 contd ( 3 ) . marlowe somebody meet Terry after I leave he . somebody tock he up there to otatoclan , maybe it be one of you boy , maybe it be you . same difference . augustine why would I do that ? marlowe if Terry commit suicide , he go a hell of a long way to do it . but I do not think it be suicide . I think it be murder . I think whoever take he up there kill he . the hood finish with the sofa . hood nothing , Mr. Augustine . Augustine wave the man away . he 's look at marlowe with intense fascination . marlowe I think some of the local know more than they be tell . be that why you go there , marty ? payoff ? augustine cheapie , I do not know what to make of you . but I will . : he nod to he man . they go out . iarlowe stand a moment , regard the wreckage , feel he bruise . then he go out quickly through the kitchen . we hear a back door open and shut . ext . marlowe house ~ night Augustine be speak to a man who nod and start back up the road . Augustine and the other get into the car and go . marlowe come around the side of the house . he look after the man walk away , toward another , much smaller car which be park up the hill . he jump into he own car and take off after Augustine . continued by re ns no n? we ng n1o nil n12 44 conntd the lookout , catch flat - foote , turn and shout indignantly after marlowe , then begin to run toward he car ... then stop run , resign to the fact that he be not go to make it . ext . STREET - night Augustine 's car come along the street and turn into a driveway . we follow it , and see that this be the Wade house . ext . STREET - night marlowe 's car , he stop it some distance back from the Wade house and kill the motor , look at the house in amazement . marlowe well , I will be damned . he Pov Augustine and he man go to the door of the Wade house . presently eileen open the door and the man push they way in . marlowe get out of he car and hurry toward the Wade house . ext , WADE house ~ night marlowe make he way as silently as possible through the shrubbery , toward the light live room window . marlowe look through the window . he can see , but not hear . Inside , Augustine be speak to eileen in what appear to be a threaten manner . she look upset and frighten , make plead gesture . Augustine make some final statement and turn to go . marlowe leave the window . ext . STREET - night from behind a tree or a clump of shrubbery , marlowe watch Augustine and he man come out and drive away . he hesitates , consider go back to the house . then all the light in the Wade house go out and he decide not to . he return to he car . 45 n13 ext . marlowe house and STREET - night marlowe drive past he house and on to where the look - out be sit ' in he car . he stop beside it . marlowe just check in . I be sorry I have to give you the slip like that . lookout I will just bet you be . the boss 'l 1 lkillme if he find out . marlowe I will not tell he if you do not . you can relax now , uh ... what be you name ? lookout Harry . marlowe okay , Harry , I be go to bed . can I get you anything first ? Cup of coffee , a beer ? lookout we be not suppose to fraternize anyway , I bring some stuff . I learn a long time ago , on this tail job ... marlowe that 's smart . a man can not do a good job with he stomach growl . say , Harry , just between we ... what do marty Augustine think I have get that he want ? lookout he only tell I what to do . he do not tell I why . marlowe mm. well , good night . he turn the car around and go back to he house . he leave the car in the drive and start up the step , then recollect the mail and go to the box . he pull out a handful of stuff without really look at it ... it 's fairly dark ... and go on up the step . n14 n15 n16 ol 02 03 46 int , marlowe live room - night as marlowe enter . de drop the handful of mail , which appear to be mostly circular , on the table and fix himself a drink , look sourly around at the mess , kick some thing out of the way . he begin to glance through the mail without much interest ... until suddenly he spot a letter and be transfix . marlowe and the lettsr the envelope be foreign - look , rumple and soile as though it 's be a long time on the way . whe stamp be mexican . marlowe hold the letter closer to the light to read the postmark . marlowe otatoclan . Jesus . he rip open the envelope , extract the letter and un - fold it . something drop out but he pay no attention ; he 's read the note . marlowe good bye , phil ... I be sorry . Terry . jesus. Christ . Terry . he look now to see what drop , pick up a bill . insert a $ 5000 . bill in marlowe 's hand . marlowe five thousand dollar !? ext . marlowe house and STREET - day marlowe reversing out of the drive . he horn and wave . ext . STREET - day the lookout start he car and follow marlowe . ext . WADE house - day marlowe ring the doorbell . presently Roger open the door . he 's look much better for a night 's sleep , sober and free from sedation ; he seem almost euphoric . roger well , you come back . I do not think you would . . continued ce o3 04 47 contd marlowe not too early , I hope . roger early , hell . I have be around for hour . marlowe so have I , but I have a little Cleaning up to do . int . WADE house - day as marlowe come in . marlowe , you be look better . roger all I need be to get away from verringer and he frigging needle . but you do not look so good , little buddy . whose stair do you fall down ? he be look at the prominent mark leave on marlowe 's forehead by the pistol - whipping ... which marlowe have make no effort to conceal . marlowe have a little run - in with marty Augustine last night . I think I give he a wrong answer . roger marty , huh ? you do not want to fool around with he . come on in the study . do not mind I do the honors . themaid quit this morning ... they come and go so fast around here I can not keep track . my lady wife 's go , too . marlowe go ? roger just for the day , I hope . we have a real old - fashioned wallbanger this morning . that 's when the may leave . could not stand the noise , I reckon , 438 cc o5 int . study - day Roger and marlowe . roger maybe some day we will get lucky and find one that 's stone deaf . 5 sit down . scotch or bourbon ? marlowe nothing , thanks . ' roger ah , shit . do not you think I have get ball enough to stay away from ' the stuff if I want to ? have a drink . marlowe okay . bourbon , then . : . roger what 's on you mind , little buddy ? , _. marlowe ' of just want to see how you be do . . roger do you think about what I say ? marlowe the answer 's still no . roger be you scared of I , marlowe ? marlowe I would be scared of try to tell you what to do . roger not cut out to be a father - figure , huh ? but that 's not what I be 2 look for , all I want be some - body to talk to . you know how important that be , marlowe ? some ~ - body to talk to ... marlowe or somebody to listen ? e : : : roger same thing , be not it ? continued 05 contd 49 marlowe . not exactly . look , I do not mind talk , and I do not mind listen - ing , but not on any basis of obligation . roger independent son of a bitch . be that what get you in trcuble with marty Augustine ? ( marlowe give a noneommital shrug ) how much be you into he for ? marlowe I be not exactly sure . roger whatever he say it be , you better pay off . you need some money ? if can lend you anything you want . marlowe no , thanks . you know marty pretty well , huh ? roger know he ? Christ . would you like to guess how much marty Augustine owe I , right now , today ? no ? well , I will tell you . fifty thousand buck , marlowe . fifty thousand . marlowe Jesus . wo not he pay ? roger oh , he will pay . he will pay . 1 do not worry about that . harlowe you must play in a lot of luck , Roger . fifty thousand ! most people lose they shirt . roger it be not luck , little buddy . it 's | brain . this goddam gambler be not so smart . it 's just that the sucker be so christ-awful ( more ) continued eo 05 contd ( 2 ) 50 roger ( contd ) dumb . you want to know how to bet the pool , you just come to I . you do not have to nurse that drink , you know , we get nothing but booze around here . marlowe it 's a little strong . roger oh shit , do not tell I you be one of that . I think better of you . Whisky 's fine and water 's fine , but by God not together . and I never know a man worth shaking hand with who do not @rink he liquor straight . marlowe there be time and time . I would like some water , thanks . Roger take the glass over to the drink table . unseen by marlowe , he add a little water , then pour in more whisky . marlowe do you know Terry lennox ? roger . Augustine 's number one right -hand ass-kisser ? sure I know he . if you know marty , you have to . Son of a bitch . . marlowe do not like he , huh ? roger . he murder he wife and run like - a yellow cur ... this better ? marlowe thanks . roger and then he take he tiny gun and blow he tiny brain out . just like that . bang. suicide . you ever think about suicide , marlowe ? continged o~ 05 contd ( 3 ) 51 marlowe professionally , yes . personally , no . do you know sylvia ? roger who ? marlowe sylvia lennox . Terry 's wife . roger Christ , I do not know . I may have meet she . so you never think of kill yourself , marlowe ? ( fondle he gun collection ) what make you life so wonderful that you want to go on with it ? be you so rich , so good-look ? have you get so many woman , so much booze , 80 much food , so many goody , that you just can not let go ? shit . you have not get anything , marlowe . what do you want to live for ? just to see the sun come up in the morning ? and you can’teven see that for the fuck smog . marlowe oh , mistress death ! I think I will appropriate you favorite word , Roger . shit . roger that provesyou have not think about it . it 's beautiful , marlowe . sweet , silken , swift . how 's that for word ? I live by word , and when they run away from I , I die . he hold a revolver now , as though it 's some mystical object . roger think of the power . you can spit right in God 's eye . you gaveth , Old man , but it 's I that taketh away . ... think of the power to punish . continued 52 eo 05 contd ( 4 ) marlowe punish who ? roger yourself . the world . god. marlowe or somebody you be mad at , like you wife . be that why you go to verringer ? be that why you need he so badly ? be you go to kill yourself ? roger have another drink , little buddy . you be do I a lot of good , sit there slopping it down , prove to I that I can stay away from it . no argument , I be feel good today . you do not want to make I feel oad . why will not you stay with I , marlowe ? you do not like I ... of be that it ? marlowe you do not need I , you need a psychiatrist . or you ass kick . I do not know which . you be a ham , Roger . a poseur . you need a fresh new audience , that 's why you want I around . somebody who do not know the act by heart . roger you hit hard , do not you ? but that 's what I want . somebody with gut enough to tell I the truth . everybody lie to I , marlowe . all my friend . they be all ass - kisser , they tell I I be great , the rough-hewn genius of the age , we and they drink my booze and paw my wife and laugh at I behind my back . what I need be somebody I can trust ... dissolve to e 06 roger and marlowe another drink be shove in marlowe 's hand , and marlowe be get pretty drunk . continued we pes 06 pl p2 53 contd marlowe . you be a shit , Roger . a real shit . you have to lean on people , you have to squash they , beat they out of shape , make ‘em lie down and roll over . you can not take no for a answer . I be not go to stay with you . now why do not you get to you type-writer , rough~hewn country genius ? stop whining and start work . that 's the only way you will ever get you book do . roger I think you be right , little buddy . I think you be absolutely right . you see ? you be what I need . Roger go to the desk , insert paper in the typewriter , think a minute , and then begin to pound the key . marlowe shake he head and take a guip out of the fresh drink . dissolve to int . WADE study - night marlowe have pass out on the couch . he be sleep peacefully , but there be the hell and all of a party go on in the house . the sound of revelry pene ~ trate he slumber , drag he back reluctantly to wakefulness , he sit up , still pretty fuzzy and not quite sure where he be . it begin to come back to he . ... Roger 's study , a lot of booze ... he go into Roger 's bathroom . we hear water . run . he come out again , look more awake , hair comb and tie straighten . he remember something and go to Roger 's desk . there be no page of typescript beside the typewriter , but desk and floor be litter with crumpled ball of yellow paper . marlowe shake he head and wander out . int . WADE live room ~ night Roger be enthrone , hold forth to a bunch of he exony ... free-loaders and hanger - on who pretend to admixe he act and who accept he bully . he be quite drunk , and the booze be flow freely . marlowe enter . eileen , who be keep as clear of the mess as possible and still play hostess , greet he . continued p2 54 contd eileen well , the sleep beauty ! if this do not wake you up , nothing would . can I get you a drink ? marlowe God , no . TI tell you I would not make a good wet~nurse . in fact , I think I need one myself . I be sorry . . eileen nothing to be sorry about . ( as marlowe survey the going - on ) Roger get bored with hard work and sobriety , and ring up a few of he friend . that take care of the new may ... she walk in , look around , and walk right out again . Roger now take notice of marlowe . actually he 's be watch he and eileen . roger hey , little buddy , come over here and meet the gang . eileen Excuse I . she turn away to serve somebody a drink . marlowe cross to Roger . roger gang , this be marlowe . I do not know if he 's get a front name or not . he 's a shamus . you know what a shamus be ? Nah , you be too young . i'11 tell you . a shamus be a peeper , a snooper , a private dick ... detective to you little one . ai not that so , marlowe ? marlowe nod . there be a good deal of laughter , ad lib greeting , etc. , from the group . they enjoy see somebody guy . roger and marlowe be good . he be so good that outof all the peeper ( hore ) continued ia p2 contd ( 3 ) the front 35 roger ( contd ) and snooper in L.A. County , my wife could just open up the phone book and unerringly pick marlowe . eileen ...hey , eileen . tiny wife . tell I , just for fun ... what make you pick marlowe from among all the rest ? door chime begin to ring . eileen I do not know one from the other . I just take a chance . roger there must have be something that make marlowe look better than the other . the sound of he name , maybe ? or do he have a ad ... satisfaction guaranteed , special rates to Lovely lady . come on . why marlowe ? eileen there 's someone at the door . . { she go ) marlowe how do the write go , big buddy ? do you finish you chapter ? ( Roger like not the needle ) good night , Roger . roger what be you sore about ? stick around . the party 's just get warn . marlowe sorry . I have a appointment . marlowe start out , but halt as Dr. verringer enter , with eileen behind he . Roger react . roger what be you do here ? I tell you never to ... continued os 2 p2 p3 p4 ps 56 contd ( 4 ) verringer ' Roger . you and I have some business to discuss . do you want to discuss it here , in front of all you friend , or would you prefer to do it in private ? again this quiet little man have the upper hand . Roger swing he head and snort like a angry bull , bluster . roger all right , all right . come on in the study . go ahead , gang . I will be right back . marlowe and eileen together . they watch Roger and verringer go out ; they look at each other . then marlowe slip out of the room . the foyer marlowe cross quietly toward the study door . it be partly open and we hear the sound of voice inside . roger T do not like you come here , God damn it ... verringer that be you fault , Roger . marlowe' Pov - the study Roger and verringer . verringer you owe I five thousand dollar . you will pay I what you owe I . roger this be my house , verringer . you can not come in here and bully I around the way you do up there at sunnyside ... verringer I shall not leave until I get my money . write out the check , Roger . continued ps p6 °7 ps 57 ccoontd roger you can go fuck yourself for the check . verringer slap he , a sting blow across the face . verringer write it . : for a moment it be not quite clear what Roger will do ... kill verringer or burst into tear . at length he go with a peculiar quiet obedience to the desk , get a check pad out of a drawer , write the check and hand it to verringer . verringer thank you , Roger . marlowe he retreat quickly to the live room . int . WADE live room - night marlowe and eileen . eileen what happen ? . marlowe Roger pay he . five thousand dollar . : eileen five thousand ...! she go into the foyer . the foyer verringer be on he way to the front door . marlowe in live room , in b.g. eileen stop verringer . : eileen Dr. verringer ... verringer I apologize for this intrusion , Mrs. Wade ... but you husband dis - like pay he bill . I have have ( hore ) continued pb po 58 contd verringer ( contd ) trouble with he before ... so much trouble that I shall refuse to accept he as a patient again . eileen but ... Roger come out of the study , stand glower at they . eileen shut up , frighten . verringer good night , Mrs. Wade . give marlowe a scornful look , verringer go . eileen turn back into the live room . int . WADE live room - night eileen brightly play hostess , hope that there will be safety in number and the storm will pass over . eileen . you glass be empty ... and how about you ? ready for another ? Roger enter . he look sullen thunder at eileen , at marlowe , at everybody . he go to the drink cabinet , or bar , pick up a bottle , tip it , and gulp down the raw liquor . then he look at marlowe . roger I think you be leave , little buddy . still hang around ? what 's the attraction ? as if I do not know . ( look at eileen ) eileen : Roger , please . you have guest . roger puck the guest . you still just sniff , marlowe ? or do you make it yesterday , while I be tuck away in that hole ? do not be shy , she sleep around . you might as well have a piece of it , everybody else do . eileen throw the empty glass she 's hold at Roger , continued 59 cc pg contd then go out through the french door into the garden . Roger turn on the guest . roger what be you sit around gaw - for ? getout . getout , every god - a dam one of you . git! include . " you , marlowe , little buddy boy . especially you . and do not come t back . marlowe . what have verringer get on you , Roger ? : roger he 's get nothing on I . marlowe he must have something , or you would not let he slap you face like that . verringer 's what you be really mad about , not this cc other bullshit . roger I ought to kill you , marlowe . if I see you here again , I will , so help I . he go . marlowe watch he stride furiously into the study and slam the door . the last of the guest depart . mariowe be alone . he : hesitates , do not see eileen , and decide he have i better go too . he startsout of the room . eileen speak to he from the french door . eileen - Mr. marlowe ... please ... will you stay ? I know he when he go into this rage . I be afraid . marlowe would not it be better if you leave ? you could go to a hotel , or stay with friend ... eileen cc I do that.once . he smashed every - thing in the house that belong ( more ) continued ps p10 60 contd eileen ( contd ) to I , and then fall down the stair and lay unconscious for hour . he could have die . I do not dare to leave . just for a little while ? you could keep out of sight . marlowe all right . Mrs. Wade ... ° eileen eileen . marlowe eileen . tell I one thing . Roger say he would take marty Augustine for fifty thousand dollar . be that true ? eileen he always have to pretend he 's win . actually , he lose . wothing like that much , of course . marlowe then he owe marty . and he 's make he wait ? eileen as Dr. verringer say ... Roger hate to part with money . marlowe and marty 's get impatient ? the SOUND of the study door open o.s. interrupt they . roger ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) eileen ! marlowe go out through the french door , where he can watch without be see . eileen busy herself about the room , pick at the debris of glass and over - flow ashtray . int . WADE live room - night Roger enter . continued p1o 61 contd roger here you be . why the hell do not you answer I ? everybody go ? eileen yes , Roger . everybody 's go . Roger take another pull on the bottle . he watch eileen . she start out of the room with a load of glass , he knock they out of she hand , send stuff cascade all over the floor and nearby furniture . roger what do verringer say to you ? eileen nothing . roger do not lie to I , you rotten little bitch . I see he talk to you . : eileew all right ! he say you would not pay you bill and he do not want you as 4 patient any more . roger : he would not say that . not about I . marlowe . that shit marlowe . do he know why I go to verringer ? eileen no . roger that shit marlowe . you do not let you bed get cold , do you ? one out , one in ... : eileen Roger , no ... please ... I do not ... roger everybody 's welcome in that bed but I . you lie there and laugh at I ... he start beat she . marlowe come in . continued p10 pil p12 62 contd ( 2 ) marlowe 's Roger ! Roger be too intent on he work and make too much noise to hear he . marlowe get between Roger and eileen . he hit Roger as hard as he can and then wait for annihilation , with Roger loom over he like a mountain . marlowe Big man ! Roger seem stricken in some odd way . he seem to shrink in upon himself . all he truculence melt away . roger you dirty bitch , you keep he here . be do not go for marlowe . instead he turn on eileen «verbally now , : not physically . roger you remember what happen with the lennox . itcan happen again . I do not have to take shit from anybody ! he charge out . marlowe help eileen up . marlowe you all right ? she nod . marlowe help she to a chair . the study door slam o.s. , violently . the foyer marlowe come from the live room . he listen ... there be crash noise from inside the study , Roger 's muffle voice in a ecstasy of hysterical rage scream obscenity . int . WADE live room - night marlowe and eileen , as marlowe return . marlowe he 's wreck the study . continued p12 contd 63 eileen you show he up , you see . he only beat woman , but he want to pretend , even to I , that he 's really the big tough fearless male . poor Roger , I suppose I ought to feel sorry for he . that 's what all the book say . marlowe rot .. what happen next ? eileen usually he pass out , wake up the next morning with a hangover and very little memory of what happen . will you get I a drink , phil , please ? marlowe what do he mean about the lennox ? eileen I do not know . he say so many crazy thing . marlowe sylvia lennox be beat to death . be he threaten to kill you the same way ? eileen he may have be , I do not know . what be I go to do , phil ? I may as well face it , I have get a lunatic on my hand ... marlowe separation . divorce . try and have he commit , which be not as easy as it sound . how well do he know sylvia lennox ? eileen I do not know , I have not any idea . he know Terry , but I do not think ... very well . it be a terrible tragedy . so senseless . ~ continued p12 contd ( 2 ) 64 marlowe : most tragedy be . do you know the lennox ? eileen I would meet they , that 's all . he do not seem ... marlowe , , like the kind of man who woul ! beat he wife to death and then kill himself . no , he do not . he have be listen to the noise from the study o.s . they have nowsubside . marlowe I think he 's quiete down . you say he do not know Terry lennox very well , but he seem to have hate he rather viciously . how would you explain that ? eileen I just do not know . and if you be expect Roger to make sense about he personal relationship , do not . people like he do not need any real reason for hate . do not Mr. lennox say anything to you ... on all that long drive ? marlowe no . maybe he do not have anything to say . ( quote Roger ) ..- what happen with the lennox can happen again , I do not have to take shit from anybody . who would you say he be take it from ? : eileen I do not know . why do not you get a g@rink , phil ? you look as though you need one . marlowe perhaps I will . do Roger ever talk about the lennox ? about sylvia ? eileen no. continued 65 p12 contd ( 3 ) marlowe yet sylvia be beat to death , anc the same thing could happen to you . be he have a affair with she ? eileen please do not ask I this question . I can not answer they . marlowe be he have a affair with '' someone you do not know ? some - one who could have be sylvia ? eileen no , marlowe where be he when sylvia be kill ? eileen get up and go determinedly toward the door . marlowe where be you go ? eileen to the bathroom . I need a aspirin . I need several aspirin . marlowe end of conversation . eileen exit to the foyer . marlowe fiddle with he drink , in deep think . there be the SOUND of a gunshot o.s. from the close study . marlowe run for the doorway . p13 the foyer marlowe come out of the live room , eileen out of the powder room which open off the foyer . eileen what be that ? : marlowe a shot , continued p12 qu 66 " contd ( 4 ) he go to the study door , try it . it 's lock . he pound on it , shout . . marlowe Roger . Roger ! no answer . White -facead , elleen speak to marlowe . eileen he may just be sham . he 's do this before , to frighten I . marlowe Roger ? no answer . marlowe kick the door open , break the lock .. he look inside , then turn and catch eileen , to stop she go in . marlowe never mind , eileen . this time he be not sham , int . WADE live room - niget eileen sit , look stunne , with marlowe hover protectively . people be come and go ; lab man , photographer , ambulance man , cop . in the doorway of the room a detective be huddle in private conversation with a man who hold a doctor 's bag . the detective be make note . the medical man leave . the detective return to eileen and marlowe . marlowe : what do the m.e. have to say ? detective what would you expect he to say , Mr. marlowe ? now , if you will just run through a few of this point in you statement , Mrs , Wade ... marlowe the lady 's have a hard day , she 's tell you everything , why do not you let she alone ? continued ql contd 67 detective 's ( quite impersonal ) this will not take long . I will read back to you you statement about you husband , Mrs. Wade . please listen carefully . ( read ) Roger be a alcoholic , he be very depressed about he work , he have threaten suicide on a number of occasion , I think he have be under some kind of psychiatric care . question , do not you know ? answer , he keep it secret from I , but Dr. verringer can tell you . at the sunnyside spa. ts that correct ? eileen yes . detective you hire Mr. marlowe to get you husband away from Dr. verringer 's care . why ? : eileen I hire Mr. marlowe to find my husband . I have no idea where - he be at the time , and I be worried . marlowe Roger leave verringer 's of he own free will . he want to leave . detective be this list of witness to you husband 's behaviour at the party substantially correct ? eileen ( look at it ) yes . detective you husband be upset about verringer 's visit , he throw everybody out of the house , and then come back and find you alone with Mr. marlowe ... continued ql '' contd ( 2 ) 68 eileen he find I alone , period . I have ask Mr. marlowe to wait because T be afraid . as you can see , I have reason . marlowe the lady and I only meet yesterday . hardly time enough to develop a steaming passion . I tell you , I be out on the terrace . detective you husband begin beat you , Mrs. Wade . do you know why ? eileen he think , or pretend to think , that I be lie to he about what Dr. verringer have say . . detective about rejecting he as a patient . eileen that 's right . detective and when do Mr. marlowe come in ? eileen as soon as he see what be happen . detective he do not fight with you husband ? eileen there be no need to . my husband be 4 coward , I suppose I have to admit that . he run off to the study and lock himself in . detective and then you hear he break thing . eileen that be nothing unusual for reger . detective you do not try to stop he . continued ql contd { 3 ) 69 no , we know he be go to blow he brain out and we do not want to interrupt he train of think . besides , we be busy have a affair . for Christ 's sake ! what do you want ? Mrs. Wade be try to wipe the blood off she face ... se be in there take aspirin when we hear the shot . Roger be a psycho . he talk to I about death ... suicide ... this afternoon . beautiful , he say . sweet , silken , swift . he seem fascinate by the recent suicide of a man he know . detective oh ? who be that ? marlowe Terry lennox . maybe that tip Roger over the edge . maybe it be something else . but he be ready and wait to be tip . detective and there be no more definite motive you can think of , Mrs. Wade , that he might have have for kill himself ? marital problem , perhaps ? eileen it must be quite obvious that we marriage be not flourishing . but that be nothing new , either . detective we would like you to come down to headquarters and sign a statement . marlowe Mrs. Wade 's can wait until tomorrow , can not it ? I will come with you . eileen please ? I really do not feel up to it . detective I guess that will be all right . ( more ) continued 70 cc ql —scontd ( 4 ) detective ( contd ) I will leave someone here with you . come on , marlowe . marlowe ( to eileen ) this will not take long . I will be back . rl int , foyer - night a uniform cop open the door for marlowe . as marlowe cross to the live room , the cop resume he seat in a chair in the foyer , make a note of marlowe 's arrival and the time . r2 int . WADE live room - night eileen and marlowe , as marlowe enter , there be a coffee service on the table . eileen ' be there any trouble ? € marlowe ' how could there be any trouble ? they lock at all the angle , that 's they job , but they can not make this one anything but suicide . how be you feel ?. eileen blank . terribly tired . no grief . eo grief at all . that 's not right , 's it ? marlowe May I have some of that coffee ? eileen I be sorry ... it 's just that all at once the house be so quiet . I ee ) ask a friend to come and stay , the nightwith I ... the watchdog : out there be not much in the way . of company . will you stay with I until she come ? ' marlowe cc of course . eileen ... you lie about : Roger . you be cover for he . continued 71 eileen in what way ? marlowe he kill sylvia lennox , do not he ? eileen '' can not you let that alone ? marlowe not until you tell I the truth . Roger 's dead now , you do not have to defend he any longer . eileen yes , he 's dead . they be all dead . so what difference do it make ? marlowe Terry lennox be my friend . if he do not kill he wife , I want that know . and if it be know , perhaps the police will be more interested in find out what really happen to Terry . eileen what ae really happen ? marlowe somebody kill he as sure as I be stand here , and I want to know whe . eileen but he confess ... marlowe why would he confess if he do not do it ? and you know he do not do it . so the note be a forgery . why be marty Augustine here last night ? , {she look startle , do not answer ) I follow he from my place . he and he boy have a field day with I ... what do I know about Terry , what kind of a deal do I have with he . marty know something . what do - he want with you ? continued 72 cc r2 contd ( 2 ) eileen just what you say . Roger owed he money . he be get impatient . her thought be far away . marlowe he do not say anything about Terry ? eileen no. marlowe okay . now , look , eileen . I want the truth , and I do not give a damn about Roger Wade , he memory or he reputation , so stop play the faithful wife . do Roger kill sylvia lennox ? eileen yes . he kill she . € . go on , tell I about it . eileen ' he be have a affair with sylvia . you ask why he hate Terry lennox --. it be because of she . he be jealous . and I think perhaps Terry have find out about they . I think perhaps sylvia want to break it off . Roger go to see she that day , and I know it . he do not come back . when I hear that she would be beat to death I know it have to be Roger , but ... he be my husband , I feel I have to protect he . and then there be Terry 's death , and the confession , and I do not know what to think . marlowe . but you be sure now that Roger do it . eileen cc yes . I be sure . continued ' cc r2 sl contd ( 3 ) 73 marlowe will you tell that to the police ? eileen yes . marlowe i'll go down in the morning and talk to Farmer , int . farmer' office - police headquarters - day Farmer look up from he desk as marlowe enter . farmer I can give you five minute , marlowe . what do you want ? marlowe I want the lennox case reopen . farmer on what grounds ? marlowe I have new evidence . . . o. , as armer '' Care to tell I ? marlowe Mrs. Roger Wade be prepare to testify that she husband be have a affair with sylvia lennox , and that he be with she on the day she die . he dis - appear that same day . further - more , Roger Wade be a psycho drunk with a special passion for beat woman . a real nut . he kill himself last night . parmer I know about that . and this be you new evidence ? marlowe what 's wrong with it ? parmer nothing , except it be not new . ( more ) continued t1 t2 ul 76 contd ( 2 ) verringer ( contd ) wife to know that he require every so often to be spanke like a baby ? marlowe so you decide to stop spanking he , and he kill himseif . verringer we relationship have deteriorate . he be building up a formidable resentment ... a not unusual reaction , I be no longer able to help he . as to why he kill himself , who know ? Roger have long ago lose touch with reality . he live in he own world , who can say what make he want to leave it ? marlowe yes , who indeed . well , I will not trouble you again , . Doctor . ext . MAIN office - sunnyside spa - day marlowe come out , look beat . he plod to he car and drive away . : oo fade out fade in int . marlowe' office - day . marlowe at the telephone , make a call . . marlowe hello ... Wade residence ? this be Philip marlowe again . have Mrs . Wade come back yet ? I see . okay , thank you . I '11 try later . he hang up . after a minute or two he reach into a drawer and bring out the office bottle , get up and draw a cup of water from the cooler . as he return to the desk he pick up the automatic message recorder . recorded voice this be the southside Finance company . you account be now two month in arrears . if you do not remit ... continued u1 vi v2 wi 77 contd marlowe , remit , remit ! keep you pants on . you be deal with a wealthy man now . I own a portrait of madison . dissolve to insert - night the portrait of madison on the $ 5000 . bill . it 's lie on a table . we hear over a telephone dial spin . int . marlowe live room - night marlowe on the phone , make a call . marlowe hello , eileen ? finally catch you . this be phil . yeah , I know , the lawyer and the red tape and all that jazz . you get it straighten out ? good . do you pay off marty Augustine ? I be . glad to hear it . that be important . you okay ? . good , uh... eileen ... I be just wonder if I could ... yeah , sure , of course ... I understand . later in the week , then . take care of yourself . ' bye . he put the phone down and return to the table . he have a drink and the inevitable cigarette . he sit down and pick up the portrait of madison , stare at it moodily as though it could tell he a lot if it would only speak . it do not ... and all of a sudden there be sound from outside , o.8.... a car halting , foot thumping up the step , a bang on the door . marlowe hastily shove the $ 5000 . bill out of sight , under something . the door burst open . marty Augustine 's number one hood and a couple of other come in , number one man have a gun . man the boss man want to see . int . marty augustine's headquarters - night a room , fairly large and bare , suitable for beat people up in . Harry the lookout and a couple of other thug be there . marlowe be pace up and down . continued cc wi contd 78 harry the lookout sit down .. you make . I nervous . marlowe I make you nervous ! what be this , anyway ? I think marty want to see I ... harry the lookout Mr. Augustine will see you when he get good and damned ready . so why do n!t you just ... he be interrupt by the open of a door . marty Augustine come in with he number one man . they shut the door behind they with a kind of unpleasant finality . Augustine nod to Harry and the other ; they gang up around marlowe . marlowe now listen , Augustine ... augustine shut up , cheapie . okay . time have go by and I be tired of fool around . my boy be tired of follow you ... you do not go to very interesting . place , and Harry 's get ulcer eat at the dump you eat at ... harry : I can not take all that chili size . augustine so I will tell you what . if you know anything , talk . if you do not know anything , that 's too bad , because I be go to beat the live shit out of you . marlowe how the hell can I talk when I do not know what you want I to talk about ? augustine about Terry lennox , cheapie . that 's what I want to hear . Terry lennox have a suitcase , remember ? continued lim contd ( 2 ) 79 marlowe . yeah . what about it ? . Augustine augustine that suitcase happen to have three hundred and sixty thousand buck of my money in it . he be suppose to smuggle that dough into Mexico , but he be not suppose to disappear with it . I want to know what you know about it . - marlowe Three hundred and sixty thou ... Christ ! in that suitcase ? augustine in that suitcase , cheapie . marlowe but I do not know ... I do not know ... hit he . augustine you do not think he commit suicide , cheapie , neither do I . . a man with that mach bread in maybe he be . he hand do not kill himself . marlowe I tell you ... I think he be ... murder ... augustine maybe somebody find he have all that money and take it off he . maybe you , cheapie , he old pal . maybe you get it stashed somewhere ... marlowe not augustine or maybe you help he figure - out a way to get clear with it , for a split . maybe he 's still alive , sit on the stuff and laugh at I . maybe you be : ( hore ) continued wl 80 contd ( 3 ) augustine ( contd ) laugh at I too , cheapie , huh ? maybe you think it 's very funny to steal three hundred and sixty grand from marty Augustine ? he hit marlowe again , and then the other start in on he while marty stand by watch . they be give marlowe one hell of a beat , in spite of he protest , all at once a door open and a man come in . he speak apart to Augustine , who speak to he number one , who signal to the other hood . they drop marlowe , literally , and walk out of the room . marlowe flop around feebly like a gaff fish , try to get himself together . marty and some of the other come back into the room . marlowe brace himself for a continuation of the beat , but they pay no attention to he . they be not even look he way . marty and number one be talk together in low voice . they pass by marlowe head for a door at the other end of the room . marlowe watch they . . marlowe hey ... what about I ? augustine go buy yourself a hamburger , cheapie . they all exit through the far door . marlowe , completely at a loss , struggle to he foot and totter out the other way . ext . alley - night marlowe stagger out of a side doorway into the alley , move along it toward the street . ext . STREET - night at the mouth of the alley , marlowe pause to lean against a wall and get he breath . he see something o.s. that startles he . he Pov . eileen come out of the front door of the building he continued | of x3 x4 x5 '' 1 81 contd have just leave by the side door . car at the curb and drive away . she hurry to she ext . STREET - marlowe - night the traffic be fairly heavy , move slowly . marlowe follow eileen 's car on foot , try to overtake it , try to attract she attention , but she be intent on the traffic and always one jump ahead of he , out of reach . marlowe and cop just as it look as though marlowe may catch the car at the next traffic light , he run into a large uni - form cop who regards he dishevel appearance and unsteady gait with suspicion . he 's be watch marlowe 's erratic progress , cop what little game be you play at , friend ? marlowe somebody I know ... in that car . I be try ... cop oh , yeah ? how many do you have , friend ? marlowe I do not have any . beat up ... I just get eileen 's car be irretrievably go . cop you ought to stay out of that place . now , you gonna get yourself off the street or must I take you ? marlowe okay , okay . de signal a pass taxi and get in . ext . WADE house - night the taxi pull up in front . the house look unusually dark , only a few light show . continued '' 1 ¥2 82 contd . marlowe wait , please . he go to the front door , ring the bell . presently a woman open it . . woman be you from the real estate people ? marlowe what real estate people ? I want to see Mrs. Wade . woman she be not here . marlowe when do you expect she back ? woman I could not say . she just leave I with instruction to get the house ready for show . marlowe let I get this straight . the house be up for sale ? woman that 's right . marlowe and where be Mrs. Wade ? woman she do not tell I where she be go : she just pack she bag and leave . marlowe I see . thank you . he return to the taxi . ext . marlowe house and STREET - night marlowe pay off the taxi in front of he house . he see he mail box be hang open . he go to shut it , see something inside , and take out a envelope . painfully , he start up the step . ics | c 22 of , 83 int . marlowe live room - night marlowe open the envelope , take out a note and a $ 500 . bill . marlowe five hundred buck . suddenly everybody 's send I money . ( read the note ) you never send I a bill ... I hope this cover . thank you , phil. good bye . eileen. ( drop the note ) thank you , phil. good bye . he get the $ 5000 . bill out of its hide place and put the $ 500 . bill beside it . he look at they . abruptly he slam open the door of a closet , take out a suitcase and disappear with it into the bedroom . ext , STREET - otatoclan - day marlowe stride purposefully toward a building . int . office of the jefe do policia ~ day the jefe be at he desk go over some papers . he look up startle as the door bang open and marlowe come in . : jefe ah ... Mr. marlowe ! and what can I do for you ? marlowe stride up to the desk , take out the $ 5000 . bill and the $ 500 . bill , and slap they down on the jefe 's desk . marlowe talk . he sit down across the desk , wait . the jefe look at the bill . he pick they up , he consider . he shrug , and put the bill in he pocket . ext . mexican countryside - day a crowded bus go along a dusty road . ext . mexican village - day the bus halt to let off and take on passenger . through a window we see marlowe inside the bus . cc 25 26 27 84 ext . mexican house <- day . in a remote locale . marlowe trudging toward it through the dust and heat . int . mexican house - day a pleasant , cool , whitewash room with the blaze of sun outside , perhaps a garden in a central court . a man sit with he back to we , the picture of sybaritic comfort , smoking a cheroot , sip a tall cold drink . the SOUND of a iron door knocker echoe through the place ; it have a rather ominous sound , like the booming of a pass bell . the man rise and turn ; we see that it be Terry lennox , not disguise but somewhat change ... heavily tan , a moustache , a alter hair - style . we follow he to the door . terry at the door , as he open it . harlowe stand in the doorway , hot , dusty , rumple , tired . marlowe hello , Terry . terry for God 's sake . they stand stare at each other ... marlowe quite im - passive and refuse to disappear . Terry recover somewhat from the shock . . terry Christ , phil , I do not know what to say ... marlowe you might try come in . terry well , of course . of course . Jesus . I mean , I could not be happier to see anybody . I be go to let you know ... marlowe ( enter ) sure you be . he look at a woman 's brightly - color coat throw over a chair ( perhaps the same one eileen be wear when she come out of Augustine 's ) . continued 27 contd 85 how on earth do you find I ? do not tell I I leave such obvious track ... marlowe you do not . they be well cover . it cost quite a lot of money to dig they up . can I have a drink ? terry yes . yes , of course . tequila ? lime ? soda ? marlowe . and ice . it 's a long walk in from the road . I be thirsty . terry be it my friend in otatoclan , the jefe ? do he talk ? marlowe do not hold it against he . he be sorely tempt . terry I suppose he tell you ... I could not have work it without he and the doctor . ' the suicide , I mean . marlowe he do not go into any great detail , just admit that th suicide be fake . : terry I be out the whole time , of course . the doctor give I a shot . they use a blank cartridge to simultate the head wound . I have still get a powder mark there , probably always will have . marlowe small price to pay . terry when I be suppose to be dead they pack I in ice long enough ( more ) continued ic 27 contd ( 2 ) 86 terry ( contd ) to take the photographa and the print and so on . then they smuggle I out of town and bury a coffinload of stone . marlowe very artistic performance . it must have make a dent in narty Augustine 's three hundred and sixty grand . terry : he tell you about the money . marlowe he mention it . I never know you be marty 's bagman . you . be smart to get the rest of it back to he . terry how do you ... marlowe . they be beat the shit out of I try to find out where the money be , and all of a sudden they stop . then I see eileen come out of marty 's place . how be eileen ? terry she 's fine . she go into town . marty be look for I . he come to otatoclan ... marlowe yeah . he land on eileen too , do not he ? terry from what she say . he think I might have leave the suitcase with she . anyway , I know he would never stop look ... marlowe so you use eileen as a go-between . and everything turn out all right . more ) continued 27 contd ( 3 ) 87 marlowe ( contd ) everything come up rose . of course if Roger have not kily himself and leave a wealthy widow , it might have be different , but he do . you have the luck , Terry . you really have the luck .-- she tell I it be Roger and sylvia have the affair , but it be not . it be you and eileen . and that explain why marlowe . any news , any word of the beloved ... terry what 's that ? marlowe nothing . just think of some - thing . terry phil , I be sorry I could not tell you the truth that night ... marlowe sure , I understand . if there would be any suspicion of a crime , I could not have take you . do not worry about it . terry but I feel like a heel . marlowe I say do not worry about it . I understand . Nice place you have here . I like the ... the garden and all that . very nice . you figure on stay here ? terry we have not decide yet . marlowe oh , come on , you can tell a old friend . you be dead , so you have to have a new name , a new passport . as soon as you get that , you and eileen have the whole wide world to play in . why aid you kill she , Terry ? continued 27 contd ( 4 ) terry what ? marlowe why do you kill you wife ? ' terry as God be my judge , I do not mean to . marlowe tell I about it , Terry . I have kind of buy a interest in the story , you might say . terry Roger find out about eileen and I , the son of a bitch . you have no idea what that girl go through with he ... . marlowe , I have a idea . terry well , he fourid out and of course he go straight to sylvia . ' told she the whole thing . she and I have a terrible row that night . sylvia be scream on about how much she love I and how much she would do for I , and what a loath -~ some character I be ... marlowe so you beat she to death , terry she would not shut up , phil . she start threaten I ... marlowe do she know you be run marty 's dirty profit illegally over the border ? terry pretty hard to hide from you wife . she know I have all that money in the house right then . she threaten to turn I in . you know what that ( more ) continued 27 contd ( 5 ) 89 terry ( contd ) would have mean , not only to I but to marty Augustine . marlowe a big bad rap . and you do have to be loyal to you friend . you owed it to he . terry I guess I lose my cool . I hit she ... Christ , phil , that be a dreadful moment . look at she , and realize ... I panicked . I really do . all I could think of to do be run ... marlowe take the money with you . ' terry I could not leave it in the house . marlowe no , of course you could not . when do you contact eileen ? to let she know you be alive . terry as soon as I hear about Roger 's death . I keep in touch . newspaper , radio . my Spanish be pretty good , you know , I have be come here for year , the funny part of it be , phil , you know ... she really believe that Roger kill sylvia ? she really believe that . she think sylvia must have get he mad , tell he he be crazy or something . provoked marlowe very funny . and I think somebody have kill you . it do not make any difference to eileen , though , do it ? terry . what do not ? marlowe when she find out it be not Roger . ( more ) continued 90 cc 27 contd ( 6 ) marlowe ( contd ) when she find out you really do kill sylvia . do not bother she at all , do it ? she still come run . terry we love each other , marlowe that 's nice . terry phil , I be sorry if I make trouble for you . marlowe oh , that 's all right . terry you do understand , then ? . marlowe cc sure , I understand . and Terry believe he . he be not afraid of marlowe , _he do not worry about good old square Philip . terry I send you some money . do you get it ? marlowe I get it . terry if you need any more ... . marlowe you and the wealthy widow will pay I to keep my mouth shut . a terry oh , Christ , do not put it that way . you be my friend . you would not betray I . . marlowe : I like you choice of word , Terry . cc I really do . begide , by the time . - ( more : continued 27 28 91 contd ( 7 ) marlowe ( contd ) I could convince anybody outside of otatoclan that that very con - vincing suicide be a fake , you and the lovely lady would be far away . or I would be dead . no , I will not betray you , Terry , I would not think of it . by the way , be not you the least bit curious to kmow how much it cost I to find you ? how much it be worth to I ? terry all right , tell I . how much ? marlowe five thousand , five hundred dollar , exactly . he produce a.gun . terry oh , no , phil . not you , the true - blue all - american idiot , ever faithful . anyway , you have get no reason to get sore . I do not lie to you , you know . you just assume ... marlowe yeah , I just assume . terry but phil ... the law ... 1 marlowe screw the law . he shoot Terry . Terry die , still not believe it . marlowe turn and walk out of the house . ext . mexican house = day as marlowe come out . eileen be just drive up in a landrover . she be astonished to see he . . eileen phil ... he walk past she without look at she , as though she be not there . he walk away along the dusty road . she stare after he , get out of the car . then she turn and go into the house . fade out the_end