the wolf of wall STREET written by terence Winter base on the book by Jordan belfort White shoot script - September 7th , 2012 Blue revise page - September 25th , 2012 pink revise page - October 9th , 2012 yellow revise page - October 15th , 2012 Green revise page - October 16th , 2012 goldenrod revise page - October 19th , 2012 buff revise page - March 5th , 2013 1 insert - tv commercial - day 1 over jungle sound effect , the camera be low , move through brush from the Pov of a stalking animal . as the brush part , revealing Wall Street and the New York stock Exchange , we hear the resonant voice of gene hackman . gene hackman ( v.o . ) the world of invest can be a jungle . 1a we see a charge , snort bull . 1a gene hackman ( v.o . ) bull . 1b we see a ferocious , growl bear . 1b gene hackman ( v.o . ) bear . danger at every turn . pretentious classical music kick in . gene hackman ( v.o . ) that 's why we at stratton oakmont pride ourselves on be the best . 1c-1d various shot -- a conservative young man review a stock 1c - 1d portfolio with a wealthy older couple ; a smile young woman sit before a computer talk into a headset . gene hackman ( v.o . ) train professional to guide you through the financial wilderness . 1e we see the stratton " team " - a ethnically diverse group 1e of actor with they handsome , grey - temple " chairman " . gene hackman ( v.o . ) stratton oakmont . stabilty . integrity . pride . 1f we see a shot of the black glass stratton Building , and : 1f 2 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day ( feb ` 95 ) 2 absolute bedlam . 300 drunken stockbroker , most in they early 20 , chant wildly as jordan belfort , handsome , 30 , stand beside a dwarf dress in tight , cape &amp ; helmet . jordan twenty five grand to the first cocksucker to nail a bullseye ! the " bullseye " be a large dollar sign in the middle of a giant velcro " dartboard " . 2. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) watch and learn , people ! the broker go apeshit as Jordan grab the dwarf by he pants and collar . in the crowd , cash fly as side bet be make . Jordan wind up , aim for the " dartboard " . jordan ( cont 'd ) one. two . throw !! the broker cheer , and as the scream dwarf take flight , hurtle toward camera , we freeze frame : jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my name be Jordan belfort . no , not * he , I . I be a former member of * the middle class raise by two accountant in a tiny apartment in bayside , queen . 3-3b a series of polaroid -- ( 1969 ) 3-3b * Jordan , 7 , smile as he pose behind a lemonade stand , he parent Max and leah behind he ; Jordan , 13 , stand hold a styrofoam cooler , sell ice on the beach ; Jordan , 18 , smile as he hold a amway sale brochure . jordan ( v.o . ) the year I turn 26 , I make 49 million dollar as the head of my own brokerage firm -- 4 ext . long island expressway - day ( feb ` 95 ) 4 a cherry red Ferrari testarossa zoom down the l.i.e . jordan ( v.o . ) -- which really piss I off because it be three shy of a million a week . the Ferrari weave in and out of traffic . jordan ( v.o . ) hey , my Ferrari be white , like Don Johnson 's in Miami vice . we see the same Ferrari , now in white , as it zoom away , a blonde head bob up and down in Jordan 's lap . 5 ext . long island' NORTH shore - day ( feb ` 95 ) 5 a twin-engine Bell jet helicopter descend over a huge mansion , with sparkling pool , tennis court and waterfall . 3. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o . ) see that humongous estate down there ? that 's my house . 6 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - day ( feb ` 95 ) 6 we see naomi , 24 , blonde and gorgeous , a live wet dream in laperla lingerie . jordan ( v.o . ) my wife , naomi , the duchess of Bay Ridge , Brooklyn , a former model and Miller lite girl . naomi lick she lip ; she 's incredibly , painfully hot . jordan ( v.o . ) yeah , she be the one blow I in the Ferrari , so put you dick back in you pants . over the follow , we see a quick 7-7c series of shot 7-7c all take from tv ; a mansion from lifestyle of the Rich and famous ; wealthy people applaud at a polo match ; a yacht sailing crystal blue seas ; Robert wagner and Stephanie power toast with champagne on hart to hart . jordan ( v.o . ) in addition to naomi and my two perfect kid , I own a mansion , private jet , six car , three horse , two vacation home and a 170 foot yacht . 8 int . HOTEL bedroom - night ( feb ` 95 ) 8 sweaty , wild - eye and naked , Jordan fuck a hispanic hooker from behind . jordan ( v.o . ) I also gamble like a degenerate , drink like a fish , fuck hooker maybe five time a week and have three different Federal agency look to indict I . he dismount , snort some coke through a straw , then use it to blow some into she asshole . jordan ( v.o . ) oh yeah , and I love drug . 4. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 Jordan look up suddenly , paranoid , as if he 's hearing voice . 9 int . helicopter - night ( feb ` 95 ) 9 Jordan , drool and stone out of he skull , wear a rumple custom - make business suit as he man a set of control next to he frantic co-pilot , captain dave . captain dave pull up ! Jesus ! we be gonna crash !! Jordan 's head bob as he pull back on the stick . the helicopter rise sharply , then level out , hover 30 foot above a huge mansion . down below , through Jordan 's hazy , double visioned Pov , we see a sparkling pool , tennis court and waterfall . jordan ( v.o . ) check this out -- despite my completely fuck - up state , I could fly straight while still see two of everything . he close one eye ; he Pov sharpen . put pressure on the stick , the helicopter descend slowly over the drive range ... then lurch and slam to the ground . jordan ( to Captain Dave ) ya guzza git hazarous doozy pay , buddy . 10 int . jordan' estate - front door - day ( feb ` 95 ) 10 Morning . sober now , impeccable in suit and tie , Jordan head for the door hold a glass of orange juice . jordan ( v.o . ) yes , on a daily basis I take enough drug to sedate great Long Island . 11 ext . jordan' estate - continuous ( feb ` 95 ) 11 he pop two white pill , swig some juice , then speak directly to the camera as he head for a wait limo . jordan I take quaalude for my back , fifteen to twenty a day . 5 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) I use xanax to stay focus , ambien to sleep , pot to mellow out , cocaine to wake up and morphine because it 's awesome . 12 ext . stratton oakmont III - long island - day ( feb ` 95 ) 12 the limo pull up to the black glass office building . Jordan get out , head inside through a back door . jordan but of all the drug under God 's blue heaven , there 's one that 's my absolute favorite . 13 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day ( feb ` 95 ) 13 gadget , computer , oxblood leather furniture . with the din of the brokerage firm bleed in , Jordan use a credit card to cut a line of coke on he desk . as he peel a crisp $ 100 dollar bill off a wad , roll it up : jordan enough of this shit will make you invincible , able to conquer the world and eviscerate you enemy . he snarf up the line , gesture to the cocaine . jordan ( cont 'd ) I be not talk about this . I be talk about this . ( Jordan unfurl the $ 100 with a SNAP ) money be the oxygen of capitalism and I wanna breathe more than any other human be alive . he crumble it into a ball and toss it into a corner , where it come to rest with two dozen other . over he back as we track he out of he office toward what sound like the roar of a mob -- jordan ( v.o . ) money do not just buy you a better life -- better food , better car , better pussy -- it also make you a better person . you can give generously to the church of you choice or the political party . you can save the fuck spot owl with money . 6. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 14 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day ( feb ` 95 ) 14 arm akimbo , Jordan stand above the bullpen , a huge open space with tightly pack row of maple color desk . jordan ( v.o . ) but most of all , in any country in the world , money can buy you love . fuck the Beatles . his 300 broker , mostly young man with they jacket off , scream wildly . they worship he . jordan ( v.o. ) with that in mind , at the tender age of 22 , after marrying my girlfriend Teresa -- 14a scene 14a - 18 omitted 14a 19 ext . wall STREET - day ( may ` 87 ) 19 a express bus pull up -- its sign read " Wall Street " .... jordan ( v.o. ) -- I head to the only place that befit my high - minded ambition ... Jordan emerge , kiss teresa goodbye , then join a sea of commuter head to work . jerry fogel ( pre - lap ) you be lower than fuck pond scum . 20 int . l.f. rothschild - bullpen - day ( may ` 87 ) 20 Computers , telephone everywhere . at they desk , 45 shirt - sleeve broker read they Wall St. journal , readying for war . like a eager puppy , Jordan follow broker jerry fogel , 30 , thick -lipped and bow-ty ... jerry fogel you get a problem with that ? ( read name tag ) Jordan ? jordan nope . no problem at all . 7. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jerry fogel you job be `connector ' , which mean you will be dial the phone over 500 time a day , try to `connect ' I with business owner . and till you pass you Series 7 , that 's all you will be do . sit. Jordan take a seat at the desk next to fogel 's . jerry fogel ( cont 'd ) just so you know , last year I make over 300 k and the other guy you will be work for make a million . jordan ( v.o. ) a million dollar ? I could only imagine what a douchebag that guy must be . a manicure hand land on Jordan 's shoulder . it 's MARK hanna , 30 , charismatic , movie-star handsome . MARK hanna Jordan ? Mark hanna . ( be : fogel ) good , you have meet Jerry . one of the smartest guy in the office . who 's ever suck a dog 's cock out of loneliness . fogel 's smile turn to a frown . he hand Jordan a stack of 3 x5 index card . jerry fogel smile and dial . and do not pick you fuck head up till one . MARK hanna do not mind Jerry , he father rape he as a child . besides , I be senior broker here , he 's a worthless piker . I hear you pitch stock at you job interview . jordan have to do something to stand out . MARK hanna I fuckin ' love that ! let 's grab lunch later . window good with you ? jordan great . yeah . 8. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 hanna give he a wink , look at the clock on the giant electronic stock ticker encircle the room -- 9:30 a.m. MARK hanna let 's fuck !! ring !!! absolute pandemonium at the bell signal the open of the stock market . foot fly off desk ; broker and they connector dial phone like mad . the camera push in on jordan , mesmerize as he take in the roar . broker # 1 ( to broker # 2 ) miniscribe 's a fuckin ' steal ! thirty eight buck a share ! MARK hanna ( into headset ) you broker in West Virginia ? what be you buy , a coal mine ? it 's the 80s , the game be high - tech . broker # 2 ( to broker # 3 ) fuckface ! I get 50,000 July 5as ! jordan ( v.o. ) you want to know what money sound like ? visit a trading floor on Wall Street . fuck this , shit that . cock , cunt , asshole . I could not believe how this guy talk to each other -- fogel notice Jordan sit there freeze . he cover he mouthpiece , kick the desk violently . jerry fogel dial the cocksucke phone ! Jordan snap out of it , start dial . jordan ( v.o. ) I be hook within second . Mark hanna slam down he phone in victory , scrawl out a " buy " ticket . he place the ticket into a glass cylinder which he slip into a plastic pneumatic tube . jordan ( v.o. ) it be like mainline adrenaline . the tube be whooshed into the ceiling and we be suddenly -- 9. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 21 int . window on the world - day ( may ` 87 ) 21 close on a coke spoon whose content disappear up a nostril . pull back to reveal ... the lunchtime power spot with panoramic view of the city . at a corner table , a paranoid Jordan look around as hanna do another bump of coke . none of the other diner seem to notice or care . MARK hanna ( offer the spoon ) get enough for one more ? tootski ? jordan no . thanks though . hanna slip the vial into he pocket as hector , the tuxedoe maitre 'd , approach . hector Mr. hanna , what can I bring for you on this glorious afternoon ? hanna surreptitiously palm hector a $ 100 ; Jordan notice . MARK hanna here 's the game plan , hector . bring we two absolut martinis straight up . precisely seven and a half minute after you deliver that you will bring two more , then two more every five minute until one of we pass out . hector a excellent strategy , sir . jordan actually , I be good with 7 - up . Jordan might as well have farted at the table . MARK hanna first day on Wall Street , hector . give he time . ( hector offer menus ) no thanks , I be not eat . hector head off . jordan you can get high during the day and still function ? 10 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 MARK hanna High be the only way to do this fuck job . guy who coin the term " three - martini lunch " be a woman . Cocaine and hooker , my friend , the key to success . Jordan smile , not sure if hanna be kid . jordan I gotta say , I be really excited about be part of you team . I wanna do all I can for we client and -- MARK hanna ( recite a ad ) " here at l.f. rothschild , we client be not just important , they be family . " just as long as we get we taste first . remember something , Jordan , you top priority in this job : make we money . if the client get rich along the way , bully for they . get a girlfriend ? jordan wife . she cut hair . Mark swallow a comment about that . get to business . MARK hanna ok , first rule of Wall Street . nobody -- and I do not care if you be Warren Buffet or Jimmy Buffet -- nobody know if a stock 's go up , down or fuck sideways , least of all stock broker . but we have to pretend we know . make sure you stay relaxed . nobody want to buy something from someone who sound like they have not get laid in a month . take break when you feel stress , jerk off if you can . you like jerk off , right ? jordan well ... sure . MARK hanna good , jerk off be key . and I highly recommend cocaine , which will make you dial faster , which be good for I . churn `em and burn `em , baby . 11 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 a busboy stop by with a fresh napkin for Mark who thanks he . then , discreetly as possible , Mark remove a fresh vial of cocaine tuck within and take a quick snort . Jordan realize : that 's why he palm the maitre d' $ 100 . jordan ( v.o. ) for the next six month I learn the way of Wall Street . 22 int . strip club - night ( oct ` 87 ) 22 as stripper grind in b.g , Jordan party with Mark hanna and dozen of broker and trainees . Jordan sip a martini and study Mark hanna , hit on a stripper . jordan ( v.o. ) that fall I pass my Series 7 . finally it be here . 23 int . rothschild build - lobby - day ( oct ` 87 ) 23 briefcase in hand , Jordan board the elevator with a dozen other broker . jordan ( v.o. ) my first day as a stockbroker , a future master of the Universe . and as the door close , on screen we see : october 19th , 1987 24 int . l.f. rothschild - bullpen - day ( oct ` 87 ) 24 total chaos . Jordan dial the phone as all around he broker panic , scream into headsets . jordan ( v.o. ) they call it Black Monday . by four p.m. the market be down 508 point , the biggest one - day drop since the crash of ` 29 . 4 p.m . the close bell ring ; the entire place go silent . broker look at each other , stunne . MARK hanna Holy . Fucking . shit. and as the broker start commiserate with each other ... 12 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) l.f. rothschild , a company that have be in business since 1883 , close its door within a month . 25 int . jordan &amp ; teresa's apartment - kitchen - day ( dec ` 87 ) 25 Jordan sit at the table peruse the Times classified . Teresa approach with two coffee . sit next to he . teresa so I will take a extra shift , do not worry about it . jordan you work too much as it be . teresa we could pawn my engagement ring . jordan we be not pawn anything . I be gonna be a millionaire , Teresa . teresa you know that do not matter , right ? he smile , kiss she . together , they peruse the ad . jordan ( point to a ad ) " nobody beat the wiz " . I could be a stock boy . teresa you be a stock broker . jordan no one 's hire broker right now , sweetie . they go back to the ad . after a few beat , she point -- teresa this place be . 26 ext . strip mall - parking lot - long island - day ( dec ` 87 ) 26 in a suit , Jordan emerge from a ` 85 datsun . he look around confuse , head toward a unmark storefront . 13 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 27 int . investor' CENTER - day ( dec ` 87 ) 27 the antithesis of l.f. rothschild , with cheap furniture and a dozen misfit " broker " give loud , obnoxious sale pitch . Jordan enter , a modern man among cave people . dwayne , slovenly , 35 , with a walrus mustache , look up . jordan I be look for investor 's Center ? dwayne that 's we , hey . dwayne . jordan ( as they shake hand ) Jordan belfort , I call earlier . I be a broker with rothschild . dwayne motion Jordan to a seat . nearby , a broker in ratty ked , toby welch , be scream into he phone . toby welch I be tellin ' you , this stock be goin ' up !... Cause I know , okay ?!... I have inside information ! Jordan look at he , appal at what he 's hearing . jordan where be you quotron ? dwayne no quotron , we sell off the pink sheet -- penny stock . dwayne slide Jordan a large thin book ; its page be literally pink . he explain as Jordan flip the page : dwayne ( cont 'd ) company do not have enough capital to be list on nasdaq , they share trade here . ( point to the book ) like this guy , aerotyne ? they make radar detector out of a garage in dubuque . jordan six cent a share ? who busy this crap ? dwayne schmuck mostly . mailmen , plumber , people think they can get rich quick . they answer we ad , popular mechanic , hustler . 14 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan the spread on this be huge . dwayne so 's you commission , that 's the point . Blue chip stock you get what , one percent ? pink sheet be fifty . jordan wait a second . you be tell I if I sell two thousand dollar worth of stock , my commission be a thousand buck ? dwayne technically , yeah , but not even the biggest schmuck busy two thousand dollar of this shit . 28 int . investor' CENTER - ( later that ) day ( dec ' 87 ) 28 as other broker bark into phone , Jordan sit , phone cradle in he shoulder , make note . a few beat , then : jordan ( into phone ) Mr. Fleming , good morning , Jordan belfort with investor 's Center in New York City . you recently respond to one of we ad ... a few of the other broker glance over , eavesdropp . jordan ( cont 'd ) the reason I be call be that a extremely exciting investment opportunity cross my desk today . typically we firm recommend no more than five stock per year : this be one of they ... a few more broker look over ... jordan ( cont 'd ) aerotyne International be a cut edge tech firm out of the Midwest , await imminent patent approval on a new generation of radar equipment ... later . now all the broker listen in rapt attention . 15 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) -- so if aerotyne 's share rise to only a dollar -- and we research indicate they could go much , much higher -- you profit on a mere three thousand dollar investment would be upwards of fifty thousand ... that 's right , you could pay off you mortgage . second tick by ; a eternity , then he start write : jordan ( cont 'd ) four thousand dollar , will that be check or money order ?... thank you , sir . Jordan hang up , scrawl out a " buy " ticket . jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) just like that I make two grand . the other guy look at I like I would just discover fire . Toby Welch and the other cave - broker stare at he . toby welch how would you fuckin ' do that ? 29 int . investor' CENTER - ( another ) day ( feb ` 88 ) 29 Jordan sit at he desk in mid-pitch , totally focus . jordan it 's a rock -solid company , sir , it 's the next Microsoft ... six thousand . terrific . as Jordan continue talk , wrapping up the sale ... jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) though I know I be sell garbage , within twelve week I be make a fortune . and as he start scrawling out a buy ticket ... jordan ( v.o. ) and as a wise man once tell I , my only responsibility be to put meat on the table . close on a 1988 jaguar , park outside a diner ... 16 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 30 int . kacande diner - bayside - day ( jun ` 88 ) 30 wearing a suit , Jordan sit in a booth read the Wall Street Journal as a waitress serve the food . donnie azoff , preppy-looking , 25 , with horn -rim and bright white tooth approach from the takeout counter . donnie that you jag in the lot ? jordan yeah . donnie Nice ride . donnie azoff . jordan Jordan belfort . donnie I have see it around . we live in the same building . twelfth floor ? ( Jordan nod ) what do you do , bro ? jordan stock broker . donnie kid furniture , I and my brother - in - law . make any money ? jordan seventy grand last month . donnie get the fuck out . you make seventy grand in one month . jordan seventy two actually . donnie study he , be not sure if he 's full of shit . donnie tell you what . you show I a pay stub with $ 72,000 on it , I be quit my job right now and come to work with you . as Jordan retrieve he briefcase to find a paystub -- * 30a scene 30a omitted * 30 a 30b as Jordan hand donnie he paystub and sure enough , it 's * 30b north of seventy - two k. * 17 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie ( cont 'd ) * Holy shit . Jordan watch as donnie cross to a pay phone and dial . jordan ( v.o. ) and he do quit he job , which I think be a little weird . I mean I have just meet this fuck guy . a few beat , then into phone : donnie yo paulie , it 's donnie ... yeah , listen , I quit . Jordan study donnie as he continue he conversation ... jordan ( v.o. ) there be other thing about he too , like he phosphorescent white tooth and the fact that he wear horn rim with clear lense to look more waspy . he also marry he first cousin -- 31 scene 31 omitted 31 32 int . bar - day ( jun ` 88 ) * 32 Jordan sit in mid-conversation with donnie over beer . donnie no problem , if we have a kid who 's a retard , we will just leave it on the step of some institution . and as they continue drink ... jordan ( v.o. ) he be also a closet drug fiend . I would know he less than a week before he talk I into smoking crack . 33 ext . back of bar - day ( jun ` 88 ) * 33 Jordan and donnie get high . donnie hold a flame under a crack pipe . 18 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) the weird thing be when he would do crack , he face would contort into this bizarre , freeze mask like the phantom of the Opera . donnie do a hit of crack ; he jaw twitches , then he facial muscle contort , lock up like a stroke victim . after a few beat , he hand the pipe to Jordan . donnie you now , take a hit ! Jordan take a deep hit and hold it . a beat , then : jordan omigod , I fuckin ' love you !! jordan ( v.o. ) I know I have to make he my partner . 34 int . investor' CENTER - day ( sep ` 88 ) 34 Jordan look on as donnie work the phone like a madman . jordan ( v.o. ) which turn out to be a great move - donnie be a fast learner who transitioned into the penny stock business quickly . 35 ext . stratton oakmont I - auto shop - day ( sep ` 88 ) 35 Jordan and donnie pull up to a defunct auto body shop , which have a " for lease " sign in the window . jordan ( v.o. ) so within month we start we own firm out of a abandon auto body shop . 36 int . kacande diner - day ( oct ` 88 ) 36 Jordan sit with chester ming , robbie feinberg , alden kupferberg ( " sea otter " ) and brad , muscular and bald , with a fu manchu mustache . jordan ( v.o. ) in addition to donnie , I also recruit my friend Sea otter , * Chester and Robbie , who be at * the time all middle pot dealer . 19 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 as a waitress serve cheeseburger : jordan -- see everyone want to get rich , so you be already half way there by the time the call start . sea otter I sell weed once to this amish dude , have one of that beard with no mustache ? robbie feinberg so ? sea otter he only want to make furniture . chester ming what 's that get to do with anything ? sea otter he just say everyone want to get rich . robbie feinberg ( to Jordan ) that 's true , you do . sea otter buddhist too , they do not give a shit about money either . chester ming man I could sell weed to anybody , get a convent full of nun fuck waste . and as Brad look at Jordan and shake he head : 37 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - bullpen 37 ( oct ` 88 ) we see the above guy work the phone . jordan ( v.o. ) Brad , the guy I really want , take a pass , since he would become the quaalude king of bayside . 38 ext . brad be house - backyard gym - day ( oct ` 88 ) 38 bare -chest , wear kung fu pants , Brad sell lude to a couple of high school kide . 20 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) they be absolute moron , my friend , but like I always say -- 39 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - bullpen - day 39 ( oct ` 88 ) Jordan emerge from he office into the garage area ( the bullpen ) , look on as donnie , Chester , Robbie , Sea otter and four other broker ( now include rugrat and Toby ) make sale call from the cheap desk . jordan ( v.o. ) give I they young , hungry and stupid and in no time I will make they rich . 40 ext . marina - long island - sunset ( may ` 89 ) 40 on lounge chair at the edge of a dock , bottle of wine nearby , Jordan sit with Teresa . he smile as she open a jewelry case -- inside be a diamond tennis bracelet . teresa omigod . Jordan . jordan you like it ? teresa it 's beautiful . Jordan help she try it on . she smile , but he detect a wave of ... something . jordan they be small , I know , but the stone be really high quality . teresa no , no . I love it . jordan then what ? they sit in silence . finally : teresa I do not know , it 's just -- this stock , this crappy company . jordan in five year the corleone family will be completely legitimate . 21 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 teresa why can not you be legitimate now ? jordan it 's not illegal , Teresa , technically . I mean they be real stock , they be just ... teresa never gonna make anybody money . ( a few beat ; then ) would not you feel better sell this junk to rich people , who can afford to lose the money at least ? jordan Rich people do not buy penny stock . teresa why not ? and on Jordan 's look : jordan ( v.o. ) because they be too smart , that 's why not . 41 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - day ( aug ` 89 ) 41 close on Jordan , brow furrowing as he wheel turn . jordan ( v.o. ) I mean what person of any substance would trust this bunch of jerk - off ? like the pinhead , * Robbie feinberg . 42 scene 42 - 46 omitted * 42 46a insert id photo - toby welch * 46a jordan ( v.o . ) * Toby Welch . I mean , look at this * fuck cro-magnon , I would not * trust he to pick up a rock . * ( alt ) * jordan ( v.o . ) * Toby Welch . I mean , look at this * fuck cro-magnon , he could not * even think without move he * lip . * 22 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 46b insert id photo - robbie feinberg 46b jordan ( v.o. ) or the Sea otter . 46c insert id photo - the sea otter 46c jordan ( v.o. ) Chester ming even , the deprave chinaman , with he giant panda head . 46d insert id photo - chester ming 46d jordan ( v.o. ) or nicky koskoff , who I call rugrat because -- 46e insert id photo - rugrat 46e jordan ( v.o. ) well , you can probably figure that out for yourself . 47 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - rear - night 47 ( mar ` 90 ) the camera push in on Jordan as he stand before a large dry erase board . jordan ( v.o. ) but what if they do not sound like jerk -off ? what if I take this bunch of nincompoop and mold they in my own image ? I reinvent the company , give it a new image , a new name . something patrician , blue-blooded , something that reek of tradition and anti- semitism . and as he broker settle in to fold chair -- jordan gentlemen , welcome to stratton oakmont . the client we have go after in the past -- they be do . we will now target exclusively the wealthiest one percent of Americans . the method we have use -- over . loud , obnoxious sale hype be worthless with this people . 23 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) in military term it 's like carpet - bombing -- noisy , menace and only marginally effective . as stratton broker you will be laser - guide smart - bomb aim at high - priority target . you will establish a initial relationship with you client sell only blue chip stock -- then and only then will you attempt to sell the pink sheet , where the real money be . now the key to every sale be this : Jordan write the word " urgency " on the board . jordan ( cont 'd ) no one busy stock unless he think it 's go up and go up now . you must convince you client to buy before the takeover happen , before the lawsuit be settle , before the patent be grant . if he say I will think about it and call you back , it 's over , you be dead ! no one call back ! so you have to create urgency -- 48 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 48 another day . with stratton oakmont signage visible in the b.g. , Jordan be on speakerphone with a potential client , the other broker listen in . jordan -- and once kodak settles the lawsuit , institution will be permit to buy they share in large block again . and when that happen , which be any day now , what do you think will happen to the price of kodak stock ? client ( o.s. ) it will go up ? jordan exactly . which be why you should pick up 5000 share today , a $ 200,000 investment . 49 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - rear - night 49 Jordan stand address he broker . 24 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan then you lower you voice . 50 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 50 Jordan pitch the client , he voice lower . jordan believe I , sir , you will not be sorry . 51 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - rear - night 51 Jordan stand before the broker . jordan then you wait . whoever speak first lose . at this point , where be we in the sale ? Chester ? chester ming about to close ? jordan no , you sweet and sour douchebag ! we be at the beginning of the beginning ! this be where the sale start . you as a salesman be almost hope he say no so you can finally do you fuck job ! 52 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 52 Jordan sit at the phone , wait for a response . client ( o.s. ) I do not know , I do not think so . 53 int . stratton oakmont I - auto body shop - rear - night 53 Jordan stand before the broker . jordan he do not know , he need to think , he 's gotta ask he wife ! the fact be it do not matter what the fuck he say ! if he 's already agree that the stock 's go up , then the only real objection he have at this point be he do not trust you ! and he should not trust you , you be a fuck salesman ! so what do you say ? 25 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 54 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 54 donnie talk on the phone to a client . donnie let I ask you this , sir -- have I be you broker for the past three to four year and make you money on a consistent basis , you probably would not say you need to think about it , you would probably say pick I up three or four thousand share , be I right ? client # 2 ( o.s. ) maybe . 55 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 55 ( apr ` 90 ) the place be crowded ; now 20 broker make up the sale force . Sea otter pitch a client . sea otter wait a second . you mean to tell I if I put you in Union carbide at 7 and take you out at 32 -- 56 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 56 ( may ` 90 ) even more crowded , with 30 broker . robbie feinberg if I put you in Texas Instruments at 11 and take you out at 47 - - 57 int . stratton oakmont I - auto shop bullpen - day 57 ( jun ` 90 ) more broker still - now there 's 45 . chester ming -- Walmart at 16 and take you out at 95 , you would not say Chester pick I up 10,000 share ? c'mon . client # 3 ( o.s. ) well yeah , in that case I would . 26 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 58 int . stratton oakmont ii - bullpen - day ( NOV ` 90 ) 58 New office now , a real brokerage firm . the bullpen be large , with 75 broker at polished maple desk , sit before computer talk into headsets . donnie so the problem be that I do not have the luxury of a track record . Sir , let I reintroduce myself to you . my name be donnie azoff -- 58a CUT to : 58a rugrat -- nicky koskoff -- * 58b CUT to : 58b chester ming Chester ming -- 58c CUT to : 58c peter deblasio Peter deblasio from stratton oakmont in New York City -- 58d CUT to : 58d toby welch -- and I plan on be the top broker in my firm this year . 58e CUT to : 58e sea otter so what about this ? we start small with 500 share , a cash outlay of $ 20,000 . 58f CUT to : 58 F kalil * if the stock go up 10 % , will that make you a rich man ? of course not . 58g CUT to : 58g kimmie belzer if if go down 10 % , will it make you a poor man ? no .. 58h CUT to : 58h 27 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 chester ming what this trade will do be serve as a benchmark for future business . 58j CUT to : 58j peter deblasio the downside be minimal and the upside be a long - term relationship with a broker on Wall Street who will consistently make you money . 58k CUT to : 58 k jordan you only regret will be that I do not call you six month ago . 58l CUT to : 58l client # 1 ( o.s. ) ( to Robbie feinberg ) all right . 58m CUT to : 58 m client # 2 ( o.s. ) ( to Sea otter ) give I 300 share . 58n CUT to : 58n client # 3 ( o.s. ) ( to Peter deblasio ) 1200 share . 58p CUT to : 58 p client # 4 ( o.s. ) ( to Jordan ) I will take 5000 share . 59 int . stratton oakmont ii - bullpen - day ( apr ` 91 ) 59 4 pm the place go nut as Jordan emerge from he office * hold a spread sheet . he address the crowd of 100 broker , which now include a dozen women . jordan everybody have a good week ? applause ; war whoops . 28 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) I would like to read you something . ( read spread sheet ) month end , March 1991 ! $ 28.7 million in gross commission - all * in stratton issue . not bad for * penny stock , huh boy ? not bad * for dumpin ' penny stock . * the place go wild with applause . jordan ( cont 'd ) and to celebrate with a weekly act of debauchery , I have offer we lovely sale assistant danielle Harrison ten thousand dollar to * have she head shave ! Jordan motion to danielle harrison , 19 , pretty , sit * in a chair nearby . behind she , rugrat use clipper to shave she thick brown mane . the place go nut . jordan ( cont 'd ) fyi , danielle tell I she 's use the money for breast implant ! be this a great company or what ?!! more wild applause as Jordan signal across the bullpen to donnie . we hear the open strain of " star &amp ; stripe forever " as he open the door to a college marching band dress in underwear and hat . the music continue as somersault gymnast and baton -twirler bring up the rear . as they march through the bullpen to cheer -- from the kitchen -- two dozen tuxedo -clad waiter emerge carry trays of champagne and hor d'oeuvre . the music continue as two dozen stripper bolt in , gyrate among the broker . as Jordan survey the insanity : jordan ( v.o. ) Word spread throughout Wall Street -- I be become a legend . forbe Magazine even call to do a profile on I ... 60 scene 60 - 67 omitted 60 29 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 68 int . stratton oakmont ii - jordan' office - day 68 ( sep ` 91 ) Jordan finish up a interview with a female forbe reporter - aliyah farran . they shake hand , then he smile for the camera - click ! jordan ( v.o. ) a total fuck hatchet job . 69 int . jordan' manhattan apartment - live room - morning 69 ( oct ` 91 ) a gorgeous place ; city view . as Teresa sit nearby , a distraught Jordan pace , hold the copy of forbe . jordan that connive little twat ! ( read ) " the Wolf of Wall Street " . teresa ( on the bright side ) you hair look good . jordan " Jordan belfort , a twisted version of Robin Hood who take from the rich and give to himself and he merry band of broker " . teresa there 's no such thing as bad publicity , sweetie . 70 int . stratton oakmont ii - bullpen - later that day 70 bustle with activity . Jordan enter , cross toward he office . off to the side of the bullpen , he notice three dozen young men in business suit . he approach he assistant janet , 20 , dress all in black . jordan the hell 's all this ? janet the forbe article . they be apply for job . they spot Jordan , start clamoring , wave they resume . job applicant Mr. belfort ! over here ! Sir ! 30 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) forbe have make I a superstar . every day dozen of money - craze kid beat a path to my door with resume they have not even bother to spellcheck . Jordan cross through the pack bullpen , where 150 broker , no older than 22 , be cramme elbow to elbow talk into phone . some have pet , which they tend to while they work -- iguanas , snake , turtles , even a chimp . other be get shoulder rub by masseuse or be fitte for suit by a tailor . over the above : jordan ( v.o. ) if we hire `em , they drop out of college overnight and blow whatever allowance they have on a new suit from we in - house tailor . the median age of we brokerage could not get serve in the bar down the street . 71 int . FBI break room - day ( oct ` 91 ) 71 patrick denham sit sip coffee as he read forbe . jordan ( v.o. ) not this guy though -- what the fuck be he even do here ? he read the forbe article , too , but he already have a job . 72 int . stratton oakmont III - day ( mar ` 92 ) 72 close on two broker wrestle while other cheer they on . pull back to reveal the place from the open . 300 young broker and they hot assistant work the phone . jordan ( v.o. ) within month , we double in size , move to even bigger office . two other broker pump themselves up , chest - bump and scream like football player . jordan ( v.o. ) it be a madhouse , a greed - fest , with equal part cocaine , testosterone and body fluid . 31 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 73 int . stratton oakmont III - men' room - day ( mar ` 92 ) 73 in a stall , two broker snort coke , while another broker fuck a sale Assistant perch on the sink . jordan ( v.o. ) I have to declare the office a fuck - free zone between the hour of 9 and 7 , but even that do not help . tape to the mirror we see a memo -- inside a red circle , two anatomically correct stick figure fuck doggy - style , a red line slashing through they . jordan ( v.o. ) actually the madness start on we very first day , when one of we broker , Ben jenner , christen the elevator by get a blowjob from a sale assistant . 74 int . stratton oakmont III - lobby - day ( jan ` 92 ) 74 two dozen broker cheer , watch through the rise glass elevator as BEN jenner , 25 , get a blowjob from a brunette sale assistant . * jordan ( v.o. ) her name be Pam and to she credit , she do have a amazing technique , with this wild twist and jerk motion . 75 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 75 ( feb ` 92 ) as Pam blow Jordan , donnie fuck she from behind . jordan ( v.o. ) eventually Ben marry she , which be pretty amazing consider she blow every guy in the office . 75a insert polaroid - ( jun ` 92 ) 75 a a wedding photo of Ben and Pam . jordan ( v.o. ) he get depressed and kill himself three year later . 32 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 75b insert polaroid - ( jun ` 95 ) 75 B a crime scene photo ; Ben in he underwear , dead on a bathroom floor , a gun near he head , which ooze blood . jordan ( v.o. ) anyway , in a attempt to maintain order , I hire my dad Max as defacto cfo and head of the gestapo . 75c int . jordan' parent ' apartment - live room - night 75c max belfort sit smoking , watch a rerun of " the equalizer " on tv . his wife , leah , do needlepoint . jordan ( v.o. ) we call he mad Max because of he hair- trigger temper , which could be set off by something as innocuous as a ringing telephone . the phone ring . max who the hell have the goddamn gall to call this house on a Tuesday evening ! goddammit ! jordan ( v.o. ) but then the weirdest thing would happen . though he would never be near England , he would pick up the phone and affect a ever- so-slight british accent . greatly agitate , Max stomp toward the phone . jordan ( v.o. ) this be he other persona -- the super polite , ever- gracious Sir Max . max ( into phone ) hello ?... yes , gene , right - eo . good-good then ... cheerio . jordan ( v.o. ) it be absolutely bizarre . he would hang up ... max ( hang up phone ) goddamn fuck halfwit ! 33. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) and become mad Max all over again . Max curse a blue streak as he stomp back to he chair . 76 scene 76 omitted 76 77 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 77 ( mar ` 92 ) holding a headshot of the dwarf from the open , Jordan sit talk with donnie , Robbie and rugrat . jordan what if he get hurt ? robbie * he will be wear a helmet . plus they have get , like , superhuman strength anyway . donnie * I do hear you be not suppose to * make direct eye contact . if you * look at they too long in they * eye they get freak out - they * wire cross . * jordan * I think there 's a limit to how far * we can go ... I mean we can throw * shit at he and - * donnie * they have a lot of feeling . * jordan * there 's a specific thing that * they will do - you can throw he at * a dart board but if you want he * to show he cock or - * robbie * yes , that 's what this guy do . * rugrat * that 's he gift . * robbie * can we also bowl with he ? * rugrat * his brother be actually the * bowler . * 34 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 robbie * they strap a skateboard to he and * throw he down a alley . * rugrat * they be ornery , too , the little prick . you gotta be careful . jordan get some tranq dart . donnie a little straitjacket . * jordan * what 's the liability on something * like this ? rugrat * that 's a whole different thing . I * can get on the phone with some * people . I can talk to the * insurance company and tell they * exactly what we be go to do . * but I think we go back to the same * plan - loophole - if we do not * really consider they people I * think we be in the clear . * donnie * I think we should keep one in the * office because I think they be * good luck . * jordan * treat it like the fuckin ' thing it * be . he 's come in . we be pay * he for something . treat he with * respect . and you just shake he * hand like you do not even think * anything 's wrong . * donnie * you just look like something else * be go on . * rugrat * you do not look at he eye . * donnie * say " thank you for be here " . * robbie * you do not turn you back on he . * it 's a sign of disrespect . * 35 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie * if you want a cracker or something * - I be gonna have some treat in my * pocket . I want to be in a strip * club with you guy . literally pull * out a brief case and have a little * fuckin ' guy pop out of there . you * know how much fuckin ' pussy you * get ? * jordan * the point be get it out . * donnie * get the joke out now . get the * fuckin ' joke out now . * jordan * you be gonna fuck it up . purge all * this shit right now . * donnie * that 's what I be say - * jordan * when he come in the room , I want * he to feel like a human be - * donnie * Business . Business . it 's fuckin ' * business , bro . * jordan * I want he to feel just like a * normal human be . Cause you know * - like one of we . one of we . * donnie * like he 's a actual human be . * one of we . * jordan * gobble , gobble we accept you , one * of we ! one of we ! * all * one of we . * Janet poke she head in . * janet you dad 's come . with the american Express bill . jordan can you stop he ? 36 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 janet fuck you , you stop he . the guy straighten up and head to desk , settle in . Max * blow in past she , wave a 3 - inch - thick bill : max $ 430,000 dollar in one month !! four-hundred-and-thirty-thousand dollar in one month !! jordan hello , Father . * ( Max 's expression do not budge ) they be business expense . just * relax . * the guy titter at " business expense . " max if you bastard do not wipe that smug fuck look off you face , I swear to God I be gonna wipe `em off for you ! ( back to Jordan ) be you insane ? robbie * actually , Max , my portion of the bill be hardly anything , so I be on the same page as you -- max shut the fuck up , feinberg , you only have a portion because of my son , you worthless twerp ! donnie ( chuckle ) twerp . max you zip it , too , azoff , that boil tooth of yours be hurt my fuck eye ! ( turn to Jordan ) my own son ! from my very loin ! what do you think this be ? * jordan will you calm down -- max you do not think there 's any end in sight , do you ? it 's all one giant party to you schmendrick ! 37 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 max ( cont 'd ) ( hold up amex bill ) $ 26,000 for one dinner !! jordan donnie order side . donnie yeah , that be ... sorry . max ( glower ) what be ej entertainment ? what be ej entertainment ?! jordan ( restrain a grin ) you tell I , dad . max it 's a goddamn prostitution ring be what it be !! Jordan feign shock , turn to donnie : do you know it be a prostitution ring ?! donnie do not the IRS allow for t&amp ; a ? max it 's t&amp ; E and stop fuck with I ! what kind of hooker take credit card , anyway ?! Jordan take the bill , start flipping through it . jordan ( v.o. ) in stratton parlance , there be three kind of hooker . there be blue chip , the top of the line . model material . they be priced between $ 300 and $ 500 and make you wear a condom unless you give they a hefty tip , which I always do . 77a a " blue chip " hooker float through , surrounded by * 77a stratton broker . * jordan ( v.o. ) then come nasdaq , who be pretty , but not great , usually in the two to three hundred dollar range . 38 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 77b a " nasdaq " hooker dance through bullpen . stratton * 77b broker watch . * jordan ( v.o. ) finally there be pink sheet , skank , the bottom of the barrel . 77c a " pink sheet " hooker , cover in tattoos , be on all * 77c four as sea otter ride her like a pony . * jordan ( v.o. ) they usually cost a hundred or less , and if you do not wear a condom , you would get a penicillin shot the next day and pray you dick do not fall off . 77d the above -mentioned " pink sheet " hooker sit on a stool , * 77d as sea otter fuck her . * jordan ( v.o. ) not that we do not fuck they , too . believe I , we do . behind he , the other guy wait they turn . * 77e back to scene 77e Max continue to steam so Jordan usher Robbie , rugrat and donnie out the door . jordan give we a minute , will you , guy ? he close the door , then stretch a bit , exaggeratedly , let out a little moan . max what 's the matter ? jordan nothing , just ... my back 's be kill I . pain shoot down my leg . not to worry , it will pass . max what do the doctor say ? jordan doctor , what do they know ? I be on like twenty different medication . ( be : the amex bill ) look , I know it 's hard for you to make sense of this expense , but there 's a method here , okay ? * 39 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 Max wait to hear it ; Jordan gesture to the bullpen * max and you have to lead by example , be that it ? ( Jordan nod ) I be tellin ' ya , kid , one of this day ... one of this day the chicken be gonna come home to * roost . jordan * in order to keep this guy * work , I gotta keep `em * spend . I need to keep they * chase the dream . you flash some * cash , they do the same . it keep * they motivate . * max * piss away money ? that 's what * motivate you kid ? * jordan * I could afford to pay they more , * but then they would not need I as * much . and as long as they need I * they will always fear I . I know it * sound crazy . * max * crazy ? this ... be obscene . * he turn and exit . Jordan watch he go , think . jordan ( v.o. ) it be obscene -- in the normal world . but who want to live there ? 78 ext . beach house - south hampton - day ( jun ` 92 ) 78 massive , with a olympic-size pool overlook the beach . dozen of luxury car park outside . on a balcony , Jordan be mid-speech , in a bathing suit , address the strattonites below , Teresa at he side . jordan ( o.c. ) -- so enjoy yourselves , you all deserve a celebration . ` cept for kimmie , she 's lazy and she steal . * ( off laughter , kimmie * flip he the bird ; he blow she a kiss ) but , everybody , keep this in mind . 40 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) as my friend donnie azoff say , " if you wanna party with the boy , you gotta wake up with the man . " Monday morning I want you all look razor-sharp . cuz stratton 's get a few thing on the horizon , thing that be gonna take it right up into the fuck stratosphere ! the crowd go nut . one broker let loose a wolf - howl , and the crowd toast Jordan , chant he name . crowd jor-dan ! jor-dan ! jor-dan ! as Jordan look down smile like a benevolent dictator -- jordan ( pre - lap ) fuck merrill Lynch , this way we become the underwriter . robbie ( pre - lap ) * like a investment bank . 79 int . beach house - south hampton - ( later that ) day 79 gorgeous people dance / drink / snort coke . upstair , Jordan play pool with Sea otter , donnie , Robbie , Toby and rugrat , assign lude with every pockete ball . jordan exactly . we do we own ipo 's and we will print money . sea otter eat like a bird , shit like a elephant , baby ! jordan they can take they Harvard ass under we desk and suck we cock . ( to rugrat ) how soon can you get the paperwork file ? rugrat ( super-stone ) can not we talk about this Monday ? jordan it 's a simple fuck question . 41 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 rugrat except I be look at three of you right now . robbie * we have get arncliffe National , they be look to go public , we have get -- donnie ( very lude ) oh , oh , Steve ... Steve ... jordan what ? donnie ... Steve ... m-m-madden ... donnie gesticulates wildly . the guy crack up . we push in on donnie , practically drool , as Jordan give we a quick tutorial on lude ... 79a quaalude tutorial * 79 a CUT to : extreme close up of guy do drug . * jordan ( v.o. ) the quaalude be first synthesize in 1951 by a indian doctor -- that 's dot indian , not feather -- as a sedative , and be prescribe to stress housewive with sleep disorder . pretty soon someone figure out that if you resist the urge to sleep for fifteen minute , you get a pretty kick - ass high from it . do not take long for people to start abuse lude , `course , and in 1982 the U.S. government schedule one would they , along with the rest of the world . which mean there be only a finite amount of this thing leave . no shit , you can not even find `em anymore today . you people be all shit outta luck . 79b back to scene * 79b jordan ( to donnie ) what be you say , buddy ? ( to the other ) shhhh ... listen to he ... 42 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie ssshhhoes ... shhhoooess ... Jordan suspect donnie may actually be onto something . but just then ... sea otter Holy fuck . Jordan peer over the balcony where Sea otter 's look . naomi lapaglia . 22 , the hot blonde ever , have enter the party with she date blair . she smile , full lip parting over perfect white tooth , a ridiculously short dress barely cover she long tan leg and full breast . rugrat my nutsack 's about to explode . robbie * someone 's gotta take that down . there 's no debate who that someone should be . eye lock on naomi , Jordan make he way downstairs . with naomi take in the party , she eye flitting to thing : art , chandelier , crystal , etc . naomi ( v.o. ) a lotta people would look at I and think : " golddigger , she 's out to land the richest husband she can . " but you see , I come from nothing . like , below the poverty line . and when you come from nothing , be rich mean never have to go back to that . Jordan approach cristy , 20 , one of he guest . cristy Jordan , hey . ( he smile ; cristy pick up he intent ) have you meet my friend naomi ? Jordan take naomi 's hand , do not let go . jordan naomi . naomi you have a awesome house . I do not think I have ever be in a house like this . 43. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan you like it ? I just get it . I guess it 's okay . six bedroom , two hot-tub , one off the master suite overlook the water . you like to jet-ski ? naomi 's date Blair offer he hand to break they apart . Toby Welch lurk behind he , give he the evil-eye . blair hi. Blair hollingsworth . Jordan barely acknowledge he , focus on naomi . outside , hildy azoff chat with Teresa . her eye stray to Jordan chat up naomi . Teresa 's eye follow hers and see they . ouch . hildy go . jordan you be tell I you have never jet - ski'e in you life ?! naomi never . blair y'know , we really should hit it , there 's two other party we be s'pose to get to -- jordan what ? you just get here . stay . naomi look like she would like to . hildy approach , introduce herself , then : hildy Jordan , Teresa need you help . jordan with what ? hildy I dunno , you will have to ask you wife what she want . Jordan see : Teresa be watch from afar . donnie ( o.s. ) oh sweet Jesus ! Jordan turn to see a drunk donnie , cock in hand , jerk off to naomi . hildy come run over . 44 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 hildy donnie ! what the fuck be you do ?! during the melee that follow -- hildy admonish donnie , Blair remove naomi from the party -- jordan ( v.o. ) the day I meet naomi be the day I truly become the Wolf . every guy want she -- so I have to have she . -- Jordan watch she go . naomi shoot a glance back to he and , like that , he 's hook . 80 scene 80 - 81 omitted 80 82 int . sign of the dove - manhattan - night ( jun ` 92 ) 82 romantic ; elegant . over a bottle of ` 53 lafite , Jordan sit in mid conversation with naomi , who be stun in a low - cut black cocktail dress . jordan Bay Ridge . that 's near staten Island ? naomi Brooklyn , across the verrazano Bridge . guinea gulch . ever be ? jordan you be italian ? naomi my dad 's side . also dutch , german , English -- I be a mutt . actually I have family over there , in London . my aunt Emma . jordan that explain it then . naomi what ? jordan ( smile ) you be a duchess . the duchess of Bay Ridge . naomi smile , flag a pass waiter . 45 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi could I have a straw please ? the waiter nod , head off . a few beat , then : naomi ( cont 'd ) so I be a little surprised you ask cristy for my number . jordan how come ? naomi be not you marry ? jordan married people can not have friend ? naomi smile . the waiter bring the straw . she open it , slip it in she red wine glass . off Jordan 's look : naomi so I do not stain my tooth . and as she sip the wine seductively through the straw ... 83 ext . brooklyn bridge - night 83 Jordan 's Ferrari make its way over the bridge , head back toward Brooklyn . naomi ( o.s. ) -- then at night I do my design . 84 int . jordan' ferrari - continuous 84 Jordan drive , naomi next to he . naomi a entire line of lingerie -- camisole , bustier , panty . Jordan glance over -- she dress be riding up she thigh . jordan ( v.o. ) she design panty ?! Jesus fuck Christ ! naomi smile . jordan sound like something I might invest in . venture capital . 46 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi well we should definitely keep in touch , then . jordan absolutely . he pull over outside she brownstone . naomi that 's I . jordan ( v.o. ) think , Jordan , think ! how can you get up to she apartment ?! they look at each other . we can almost hear Jordan 's heart pound . naomi you wanna come up for some tea ? 85 int . naomi be apartment - night 85 a small , cozy apartment . naomi enter , Jordan close behind . she pick up Rocky , she yapping maltese . naomi say hi , Rocky . naomi wave Rocky 's paw . Jordan smile . naomi ( cont 'd ) why do not you light a fire ? I will be right out . Jordan nod , take in she scent as she walk away . jordan ( v.o. ) God , please help I . how can I fuck this girl ? as he crouch by the fireplace , he skypager vibrate . he check the readout : " Teresa " . his face fall as he hit the " silent " button , mind racing with guilt . jordan ( v.o. ) that 's it , you be leave . you be go home to you wife . Jordan stand , turn around -- naomi be in the doorway , naked except for high heel . jordan ( v.o. ) as you can probably guess , I fuck she goddamn brain out . 47 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 86 int . naomi be bedroom - night 86 Rocky yap incessantly as Jordan pound away atop naomi . jordan ( v.o. ) for eleven second . Jordan cum loudly , convulsively . jordan I be sorry , I -- naomi do you cum ? jordan ( nod ; gasp ) yeah , but I be still hard . Jordan look down at she . jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be inside she ... be like you cock go to heaven and God himself be cupping you ball . and as they start fuck again ... 87 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 87 ( jun ` 92 ) Jordan sit at he desk , telephone to he ear . jordan ( v.o. ) I could not get enough . 88 int . naomi be apartment - day ( jun ` 92 ) 88 close on naomi , who talk on the phone , smile . we pull back to see the apartment be pack with flower . jordan ( v.o. ) every chance we get , we would sneak off together ... 89 int . limosine - night ( aug ` 92 ) 89 giggle like a child , Jordan pour coke from a vial , create a little mound atop one of naomi 's breast . jordan hold still , do not move . ( to the Driver ) watch the pothole ! 48 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 more giggle , then he snort the coke off she breast , bury he face in it as he climb on top of she . naomi laugh uncontrollably as the limo glide to a stop . the door open from outside -- the doorman ? teresa ( o.s. ) get out of the fuck car . Jordan look up , lock eye with Teresa . he jump off naomi , stumble out , close the door behind himself . 90 ext . jordan' manhattan apartment build - continuous 90 jordan teresa what be you do home ? that whore from the party ? how could you do this to I ?! the limo take off . Teresa start cry ... jordan I think you be at the beach house , I -- teresa I marry you when you have nothing -- jordan Teresa ... I do not know what to say . teresa you be like a totally different person . jordan I be not . I be sorry . I make a mistake , okay ? teresa tell I you do not love she . jordan I ... teresa ( off he silence ) Jordan ? Jordan say nothing . finally , Teresa start sobbing . jordan ( v.o. ) I feel horrible . Jordan hold she , let she cry . 49 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) Three day later I file for divorce and move naomi into the apartment . 91 int . jordan' manhattan apartment - dine room - dusk 91 ( sep ` 92 ) completely remodelled , all new furniture . Jordan and naomi sit at the table , set for a candle - light dinner . jordan ( v.o. ) say what you will , but the duchess do have style . she bring in a decorator , feng shui would the place -- she even hire a gay butler . nicholas the butler , 40s , enter with hot towel on a silver tray . jordan thank you , Nicholas . Jordan take a towel , wipe he face . naomi smile . jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he be smart , sophisticated , really great . except for that one time ... 92 scene 92 - 94 omitted * 92 95 int . jordan' manhattan apartment - live room - night * 95 a gay orgy be in progress , a dozen naked men , include Nicholas , in various sexual position about the room . naomi omigod ! 96 int . jordan' manhattan apartment - live room - night 96 Jordan sit across from a very shake naomi . naomi he must have think I be at my mother 's . jordan where be they ? in the bedroom ? naomi they be right here ! 50 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 a beat , then Jordan realize . he jump off the couch like it 's on fire . naomi ( cont 'd ) it get worse . after I chase they out , I check the apartment . jordan ( v.o. ) the motherfucker steal fifty grand in cash and jewelry . 97 int . jordan' manhattan apartment - library - day 97 ( oct ` 92 ) with Nicholas seat in a chair , Jordan sit across from he . pace behind he be donnie , coke - up , face contort , froth with rage . nearby , giant Chester ming sit quietly , say nothing . jordan I just want my stuff back , okay ? nicholas the butler I do not take anything . donnie ( in he face ) I should kill you , cocksucker ! you do not fuck with this man ! Jordan hold donnie off . turn back to Nicholas . jordan you be high , thing get out of control , I get it . believe I I do , I have a phd in debauchery . nicholas the butler I do not do it . donnie I will knock you fuckin ' tooth out , motherfucker ! jordan just give I the money , give I the jewelry , and we will forget the whole thing . nicholas the butler it 's because I be gay , be not it ? 51 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan Nicholas . you could fuck a baby sheep as far as I care , on my brand new fuck sofa . what I will not stand for be be rob . nicholas the butler I be tell you the truth . jordan I will ask you one last time . donnie you be dead , you piece of shit ! nicholas the butler Jordan , please . jordan Fine . Jordan nod to Chester . without a word , he cross to Nicholas and bammm !! Nicholas 's nose split open like a ripe plum , blood spurting everywhere . tough - guy donnie take one look , then spews vomit into a garbage pail . and as Chester pummel Nicholas 's face into chop meat ... jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's amazing the kind of loyalty money will buy . I mean Chester almost kill this prick . Chester start to hang Nicholas over the balcony by he leg . Jordan stop he . jordan ( v.o. ) I finally call the cop , mainly to save Nicholas 's life . 98 int . jordan' manhattan apartment - foyer - day 98 with the bloody Nicholas in the background , Jordan talk to two nypd cop , hand they each a wad of cash . jordan ( v.o. ) I give they each a thousand buck and tell they what Nicholas have do . then they kick he ass . as the cop swat Nicholas with they nightstick : cop # 1 cop # 2 fuckin ' thief , huh ? piece of shit . 52 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 and as they hustle Nicholas out ... jordan ( v.o. ) loyalty , like I say . which be the key component to my incredible fuck success . 98a ext . golf course - day ( oct ` 92 ) 98a as Jordan golf with donnie , Chester , Robbie , Toby and * some hooker , Brad pull up in a golf cart with a cash - * fill gym bag . jordan ( v.o. ) besides Brad , I have eight other vrathole ' , close friend who would own stock on paper , but kick the profit back to I after I drive the price through the roof . they hug , then Jordan add the gym bag to several other on the back of he golf cart . donnie try to befriend Brad ; Brad be not interested . jordan ( v.o. ) the SEC know I be do something shady , but they could not figure out what the fuck it be . 99 scene 99 - 100 omitted 99 101 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - ( another ) day 101 Jordan , Max and security lawyer manny riskin exit the kitchen with coffee . manny riskin I be tell you -- piss on the SEC 's leg , you will end up with you tit in a ringer . freeze frame - manny stuff a cruller into he mouth . jordan ( v.o. ) my security attorney , manny riskin . Seven hundred a hour to * be the voice of doom . back to scene jordan it 's under control . will you relax already ? 53. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 just then , Max spot a broker break -dance as three other broker look on ... max what the fuck be this imbecile do ?! Max cross off , start scream at the break -dance broker . Jordan keep walk with manny . jordan ( v.o. ) the SEC send two lawyer down to review we file , so I set they up in we conference room . Jordan pass the conference room , look in the window -- two SEC attorney wear coat as they review document . jordan ( v.o. ) then I have it bugge and the air conditioning lock till it feel like Antarctica in there . one of the SEC attorney blow into he hand for warmth . manny follow Jordan toward the bullpen , he frenzied broker work the phone . jordan ( v.o. ) so here they be , look for a smoking gun while I be fire a bazooka right under they nose . it be we first ipo , and we be drive the stock price to the fuck moon . broker # 1 arncliffe National , it 's on fire ! broker # 2 ( voice lower ) believe I , you grandkid will thank you . broker # 3 ( to sale Assistant ) arncliffe National , ten thousand share ! Jordan speak directly to camera as he continue walk through the bullpen . jordan see a ipo be a initial public offer , the first time a stock be offer for sale to the general population . 54 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) as the firm take the company public , we set the initial price , then sell that share back to -- * ( stop ; then ) you know what , you be probably not * follow what I be say . the * question be , " be it legal ? " * absolutely not . but we be make * more money that we know what to do * with . * 102 scene 102 omitted 102 102a ext . bank - day - establishing ( oct ` 92 ) 102a * 103 int . bank - safe deposit vault - day ( oct ` 92 ) 103 alone in a private room , Jordan unload a small suitcase fill with stack and stack of hundred dollar bill . jordan ( v.o. ) but I figure it out . * close on - a huge diamond engagement ring . naomi ( o.c . ) omigod !! 104 int . four season restaurant - night ( oct ` 92 ) 104 Jordan be down on one knee , propose ; naomi hyperventilate as he put the ring on she finger -- a seven carat , yellow canary diamond in a platinum set . jordan ( v.o. ) I hold my bachelor party at the tangier in Las Vegas -- one last * blowout for the god before I settle down for good . 105 scene 105 omitted 105 106 int . tran capital airline - jumbo jet - night * 106 Inside a jumbo jet , a wild , mid -air party be in progress . jordan ( v.o. ) a hundred strattonites fly in with fifty hooker and enough drug to open a pharmacy . 55 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 various image -- stratton broker drink , do coke , a half - dozen in mid-orgy with hooker , naked in the aisle as other pour champagne on they . jordan ( v.o. ) all tell , the weekend cost I almost two million dollar -- 107 period vega ads * 107 108 int . tangier - presidential suite - day * 108 the tangier presidential suite be a shamble on the * level of Hiroshima . a giant crystal chandelier lay shattered on the floor ; Jordan asleep in the massive bed , a Blue chip hooker on either side of he ; other pass - out body lay amid debris and break , topple furniture . jordan ( v.o. ) but the wedding be like something out of a fairy tale -- 109 ext . ocean club - bahamas - sunset ( dec ` 92 ) 109 gorgeous ; tropical . hundred of family and friend ( Janet , Toby Welch , Peter deblasio and kimmie belzer ) look on as Jordan and naomi walk up the aisle . jordan ( v.o. ) -- with naomi my duchess , I she handsome Duke and the Bahamas Ocean Club we castle . 110 int . ocean club - bahamas - ballroom - night 110 Jordan and naomi waltz , they guest join in . jordan ( v.o. ) of course after that bachelor party , the Duke need a few penicillin shot so he could safely consummate the marriage . 111 int . ocean club - bahamas - ballroom - later 111 as Jordan and naomi mingle with a few strattonites , videographer barry kleinman , 40s , approach rugrat and he date , ABBY with a video camera : 56 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 barry kleinman I be Barry kleinman , filming the wedding -- would you like to say something to Jordan and naomi ? rugrat / ABBY good luck ! we love you ! across the way , naomi spot someone through the crowd -- naomi omigod ! aunt Emma ! naomi rush over , hug she aunt emma , 5as , demure , british . naomi turn , call out to Jordan , who be now in a huddle with the guy , he back to she . naomi ( cont 'd ) Jordan ! look ! Jordan turn , then cross to they , smile . aunt emma Jordan dear , how lovely . jordan it 's so nice to see you again . as he lean in to hug she , aunt Emma spot some white powder on the edge of Jordan 's nostril . deftly , she wipe it off , smile . aunt emma into the donut , I see . jordan oh , I be - -- uh ... aunt Emma lean in to he ear . aunt emma I live through the 60 , my dear . enjoy the day . and with that , she turn back to naomi . 112 ext . bahamas - marina - day ( dec ` 92 ) 112 with naomi wear a blindfold , Jordan lead she to the end of a long dock , expensive yacht moor everywhere . jordan careful now . you ready ? Jordan remove she blindfold -- there , tower above the other , be a stun , 120 foot yacht . 57 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi what be this ? jordan you wedding present . check out the name . she do ; it 's call " naomi " . as she squeal , hug he - jordan ( v.o. ) for three week we sail the naomi through the Caribbean -- 113 int . yacht naomi - day ( dec ` 92 ) 113 the camera push in past a white - jackete steward , who open the door to the yacht 's main salon ; next we see the live room , with its full bar and leather couch ; then the bedroom , with a king bed and monogramm sheet . jordan ( v.o. ) -- eventually take she home to Long Island , where we would buy a house . 114 ext . caribbean - OPEN ocean - day ( dec ` 92 - jan ` 93 ) 114 the naomi sail the calm water , Jordan and naomi pop lude , sunbathing blissfully on the deck . jordan ( v.o. ) Seven acre on the gold Coast of Long Island -- 115-115k ext ./ int . jordan' estate - day ( apr ` 93 ) 115-115 k various shot -- the massive house ; the glisten pool ; waterfall ; fountain ; tennis court ; drive range ; gazebo ; gym ; sauna ; library ; media room . jordan ( v.o. ) -- the most expensive real estate in the world , with maid , cook , landscaper , you name it . 115l we see the household staff line up outside the house . 115l jordan ( v.o. ) we even have two guard who work in shift , both name rocco . 58 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 116 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - day ( feb ` 95 ) 116 amid billow pile of white chinese silk , Jordan sleep on he back , snore blissfully . jordan ( v.o. ) it be heaven on earth . on screen we see : 18 month later splash ! a glass of water hit he in the face . naomi wake up , you bag of shit ! soaking wet , Jordan sit upright to see naomi stand over he in a tiny pink chemise , hold a empty glass . jordan the fuck be you do ?! naomi who 's Venice ? jordan what ?! naomi who be she ?! some little hooker you fuck last night ? jordan what ? no! naomi ! and as naomi storm off for a re-fill ... 117 int . HOTEL room - the night before ( feb ` 95 ) 117 Jordan lie on the ground , hand tie with a light candle * up he ass . * jordan * Venice , where be you ? * venice , a Blue chip hooker , enter , pull out a candle * and straddle he . she drip wax on he back and pull * he hair . * 118 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - day ( feb ` 95 ) 118 back to scene . naomi hold another full glass , rock back and forth on the ball of she foot like a fighter . 59 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi you be call she name in you sleep ! jordan I can explain everything . naomi go ahead . more lie from the man who lie for a live ! jordan no , really . donnie and I , we be invest in a condo development in Venice . naomi Italy ?! jordan California , baby . naomi yeah , right . jordan duchess , come on . naomi do not ` duchess ' I , you scumbag . you think I do not know what you be up to ? you be a father now and you act like a infant ! splash ! she nail he again , cross for more water . jordan fuck. naomi ! why be you so mad ? naomi where do you want I to start ? how about you fly in here on you stupid helicopter at three in the morning waking up skylar ?! 119 ext . jordan' estate - yard - night ( feb ` 95 ) 119 Jordan crash - land the helicopter on the drive range . * he exit , give Captain Dave a salute , fight he way * through the bush , then stumble toward the house and * fall into the pool , stone out of he skull . Security * floodlight come on and the alarm sound . * 60 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi ( o.s. ) do it even matter to you that I just have that drive range sodd with bermuda grass ? 120 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - day ( feb ` 95 ) 120 back to scene . naomi hold another glass of water . naomi but why should you give a shit ? you be not the one who research the fuck thing and deal with the fuck golf course people ! jordan you be a aspire landscape architect ?! but what happen to wine connoisseur ? oh wait , that be last month ! naomi fuck you ! naomi wind up with the water glass . Jordan stand tall , puff himself up , arm flex at he side . naomi ( cont 'd ) stop flex you arm , you look like a fuck imbecile . ( be : he crotch ) and do not think that impress I much . Jordan look down : he have a morning erection . jordan I be not flex my arm . you be just lucky to have a husband who 's in such great shape . now get over here and kiss I ! naomi kiss you ?! splash ! she nail he one last time , then storm out . he stand there drip wet . to he erection : jordan where the fuck be you last night ? jordan ( v.o. ) my morning ritual . first I would get up and fight with naomi about whatever I do the night before . 61 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 120a int . jordan' estate - steam shower - day 120a Jordan stand in the steaming shower . jordan ( v.o. ) next it be a steam so I could sweat out whatever drug be still in my system . 120b int . jordan' estate - master bathroom - continuous 120b Jordan look at himself in the mirror . his eye be bloodshot - he look like shit . jordan ( v.o. ) after that I would assess the damage . Jordan look at a visine bottle - " recommend dosage - two drop " . he squirt six drop in each eye . jordan ( v.o. ) what kind of maniac abuse eye drop ? 121 int . jordan' estate - dressing room - day ( feb ` 95 ) 121 fully dress and stand amid hundred of suit , Jordan pop two white pill , swig some juice . jordan ( v.o. ) then I would get dress , take my " back pill " to get I start , then attempt to make up with she . 122 int . jordan' estate - skylar' room - day ( feb ` 95 ) 122 Jordan enter the tiny pink wonderland . on the fluffy pink carpet be naomi , now in a minidress hike above she hip , manolo blahnik show polished red toe . between she leg sit skylar , they 5 - month - old daughter . jordan hey , skylar . naomi ( little girl voice ) good morning daddy . where 's my kiss ? Jordan kiss the baby , pick she up . 62 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( play along ) do daddy get to kiss both he girl ? naomi ohhh , no ! daddy do not even get to touch mommy for a very , very long time . naomi lay back on she elbow , thigh parte - she 's wear no panty . the wind go out of Jordan . jordan c'mon , nay , please . you know how sorry I be . I swear I - - naomi ( cut he off ) daddy should not waste he time . and from now on it 's go to be nothing but short , short skirt around the house ! and mommy 's so sick and tired of wear panty , uhhh . in fact she 's decide to throw they all away . ( parting she thigh ) so take a good look . you will be see a awful lot of it around the house , but no touch . she lick she lip seductively . Jordan set skylar aside , start grovel . naomi ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , daddy ? naomi slip she index finger in she mouth , start suck it . Jordan can barely speak . jordan c'mon , why be you do this ? I say I be sorry . naomi ( pout ) ohhhh poor , poor dada . he love to say how wrong he be when he 's ready to come in he own pants . be not that right dada ? mommy love daddy so , so much and there 's nothing she want to do more right now than to make love to daddy all day long . well , I guess it 's time for daddy to be teach he first lesson . 63. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi run she finger over she stomach and on to she inner thigh , then up toward she vagina . Jordan watch transfix , then a change come over he ... jordan I would not do that if I be you mommy . I think mommy should hear a story before she decide to please herself like that . can daddy tell mommy a story ? ( off she nod ) and do mommy promise to keep she leg spread wide , wide open the whole time ? ( she nod dreamily ) good . once upon a time there be a great big mansion in Long Island and the people who live there have lot and lot of money . but of all the possession they have , there be one thing that be much more valuable than all the rest combine , and that be they little baby daughter . naomi listen , leg still spread , hand on she crotch . jordan ( cont 'd ) now because he be very security - conscious , the daddy hire two full - time guard , big hairy man both name rocco , and they install security camera all around the house . and one of that camera be right over daddy 's shoulder . naomi 's eye widen -- she look toward a teddy bear on a shelf . we see that one of the eye be a pinhole camera . jordan ( cont 'd ) so smile , mommy ! you be on candid camera ! 123 int . jordan' estate - guard house - day ( feb ` 95 ) 123 mesmerized , rocco day watch a video screen , on which we see a grainy image of naomi , hand between she leg . 124 int . jordan' estate - skylar' bedroom - day ( feb ` 95 ) 124 naomi jump up as if she 's be electrocute . naomi you asshole ! 64 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 as she bolt from the room , Jordan play with skylar ... jordan ( v.o. ) the good thing about live with a world - class ballbreaker be they make all the other ballbreaker in you life a little easier to take . 125 int . stratton oakmont III - outside jordan' office - day 125 ( feb ` 95 ) donnie stand talk with Jordan 's assistant , Janet . Jordan approach under a head of steam . donnie there he be . jordan ( a quick hug ; then ) Steve here yet ? donnie on he way . very excited . jordan good . cuz we have a problem . he indicate out to the bullpen . donnie and Janet look . janet ( incredulous ) be he wear a bow tie ? in the bullpen we see a young stratton broker in a bowtie clean a small goldfish bowl on he desk . jordan he 's get nothing better to do on the day of the biggest ipo in this firm 's history ?! Jordan watch as donnie march toward the broker in a bowtie ... 126 int . bullpen - continuous 126 donnie the fuck you do ? broker in a bowtie ( bewilder ) Cleaning my fishbowl . donnie oh. 65 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie nod , turn to go , but suddenly he turn back and thrust he arm in the bowl , grab for the squirming goldfish . the broker in a bowtie look on , horrify . donnie ( cont 'd ) on new issue day ?! on cocksucke , motherfuck new issue day ?! Dozen of broker and sale assistant look over as donnie snatch up the fish . holding it by its tail , he jump * up on the desk of the broker in a bowtie . now the entire bullpen look over . donnie ( cont 'd ) this be what happen when you fuck with you pet on new issue day ! with the flair of a showman , donnie pop the fish in he mouth , swallow it whole . the broker cheer wildly . donnie jump down , get in the face of the broker in a bowtie : donnie ( cont 'd ) now take you bowtie , get you shit and get the fuck out ! Bowtie be stunne . and as donnie storm off , we push in on Jordan , watch from across the room . 127 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 127 ( feb ` 95 ) Jordan finish a phone call as donnie enter with steve madden , 30 , dress in wrinkle navy blazer , cargo pants and T-shirt , a baseball cap over he scraggly , thinning hair . Jordan smile , cross to greet he . jordan the cobbler . ready to get rich ? steve madden hey buddy . and as they ad lib greeting , settle in at the couch : jordan ( v.o. ) Steve madden , the shoe designer , be a childhood friend of donnie 's , but I do not hold that against he . remember that ad , that giant-head girl with bug eye wear that big clunky shoe ? 127a insert - a quick series of Steve madden ad . 127a 66 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) he come to I a few year earlier when he be just start out , so I become a silent partner in he company , buy a 85 % stake for only a million buck . 128 int . steve madden shoe - day 128 we see various store , all pack with teenage girl buy shoe and boot . jordan ( v.o. ) the company blow up and we be now take it public . it be the biggest deal we would ever do and the hot ipo on Wall Street . 129 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 129 ( feb ` 95 ) Jordan and donnie sit with Steve madden in mid - conversation . donnie -- which be why they need to meet you . jordan you gotta get `em fire up so they will push the shit out of this stock . donnie let they feel you passion . 130 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day ( feb ` 95 ) 130 bustle with activity . with Jordan and donnie look on from nearby , Steve madden approach a microphone on the raise platform , in he hand several shoe box . steve madden ( into mic ) uhhh ... excuse I ... the place slowly come to order . steve madden ( cont 'd ) for that of you who do not know I , my name be Steve madden . I be -- one broker we know who you be ! 67 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 Steve clear he throat , look over at Jordan -- he 's terrify . Jordan motion for he to calm down . steve madden I uh , I would like to start by tell you about my background in the shoe industry . another broker Nice fuck hat ! steve madden I uh ... first start work in the shoe industry , in a shoe store . when I be sixteen , my friend be out chase girl , but I be learn about woman 's shoe . kalil peter deblasio * move the mike closer . we can not fuck hear you ! he move the mic ; feedback screech through the bullpen . steve madden ( cont 'd ) sorry ... anyway , my first job be at a shoe store like I say where I work in the stockroom . you know , I can honestly say I have be a lover of woman 's shoe since I be twelve - - broker # 4 freak ! steve madden no. heh -heh . not like that . I mean somehow I become fascinate with the endless design possibility for woman 's shoe -- broker # 5 broker # 6 queer ! get a fuck life ! boos , hiss . Steve look at Jordan , who motion for he to speed up . he grab a shoe from one of the box . steve madden ( cont 'd ) this shoe -- the Mary Lou -- be the one that really put I on the map . it 's a black patent leather variation of the Mary Jane , but -- splat ! a half - eat grapefruit land at Steve 's foot . in a flash , Jordan rush over , grab the mic -- 68 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan all right , let 's hear it for Steve madden and the wonderful Mary Lou ! huge applause , with stomping foot ; howling , etc . jordan ( cont 'd ) okay , now that you get that out of you system , I want you to know why Steve be so completely off the fuck wall ... it 's because this man be a creative genius . Steve 's power , he gift -- be that he create trend . artist like Steve come along once a century ! elvis ! Andy Warhol ! Giorgio armani ! who know how high this stock could go ? the 20 ? the 5as ? the 80s ? applause ; war whoops . Jordan motion for quiet . jordan ( cont 'd ) I want everybody to look down . see that little black box in front of you ? it 's call a telephone . now I be gonna let you in on a little secret about this telephone -- it will not dial itself ! that 's right -- until you take some action , it 's nothing more than a worthless hunk of plastic , like a load m16 without a train Marine to pull the trigger . and in the case of the telephone , it 's the action of you , a highly train strattonite , a killer who will not take no for a answer ! a person who will not hang up the phone until he client either busy or fuck die ! the broker go crazy . Jordan look around . jordan ( cont 'd ) I do not care if you graduate from Harvard or bumfuck University or never get past fourth fuck grade ! that phone be the great equalizer ! ( pause ; look around ) there be no nobility in poverty . I have be rich , and I have be poor and I choose rich every time . 69 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) at least as a rich man , when I have to face my problem , I show up in the back of a limo wear a $ 2000 suit and $ 40000 gold watch ! Jordan take off he gold watch , fling it to the crowd . broker go nut , fight over it like a home - run ball . jordan ( cont 'd ) and if anyone here think I be crazy , get the fuck out and get a job at McDonald 's , because that 's where you fuck belong ! but before you depart this room full of winner , I want you to take a good look at the person next to you , because one day in the not - so - distant future , you will be sit at a red light in you beat - up old Pinto , and that person 's gonna pull up in a brand new porsche , with they gorgeous young wife at they side . and who will you be next to ? some ugly beast with three day of razor-stubble in a sleeveless moo-moo , cramme in next to you with a carload of grocery from the fuck price Club ! he scan the broker ; they be on the edge of they seat . jordan ( cont 'd ) so you listen to I and listen carefully . be you behind on you credit card bill ? good . pick up the phone and start dial . be you landlord threaten to evict you ? good . pick up the phone and start dial . do you girlfriend think you be a fuck loser ? pick up the phone and start fuck dial ! I want you to deal with you problem by become rich ! I want you to go out and spend money ! leverage yourself , back yourself into a corner , let the consequence of failure become so fuck unthinkable that you will have no choice but to do whatever it take to win ! the broker go absolutely apeshit . 70 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) you have a obligation here , people ! to you client ! to this firm ! a obligation to yourself , godammit ! you ram Steve madden stock down you client ' throat and make they choke on it till they buy 20,000 share ! be aggressive ! be ferocious ! be telephone fuck terrorist !! before Jordan be even finish , the broker go berserk , some already dial they phone . jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) at 1 p.m. we open the stock for sale at $ 4.50 a share . by 1:03 it be over eighteen dollar . 130a int . FBI office - manhattan - day 130 a agent denham exit the elevator , arrive for work . he stride between cubicle , briefcase in hand . he enter -- 130b int . agent denham office - day 130b -- where pin up on one wall be a massive chart on stratton 's operation : picture of Jordan , donnie and other , a hierarchy , a history , a investigation ... 131 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - later ( feb ` 95 ) 131 total sale frenzy . the camera pan the 300 broker , who work the phone like mad . sea otter young broker -- the hot new issue on -- up two dollar while I be Wall Street ! talk to you ! and as we continue panning the room ... jordan ( v.o. ) of course I could not have do this without help . I would leak the word on Wall Street that stratton be a buyer up until twenty . so not only be we push madden , all the big firm be too . we continue panning the frenzied broker ... 71 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) as long as they know I would buy the share back at the top of the market , they would drive the price up as high as I fuck want . 132 scene 132 - 133 omitted 132 134 int . jordan' office - day ( feb ` 95 ) 134 donnie pour champagne nearby , oblivious to Jordan , who sit at he desk , speak directly to camera : jordan of the two million share be offer for sale , a million belong to I , hold in phony account by my rathole . once the price hit the high teens , I -- Jordan abruptly stop . a beat , then : jordan ( cont 'd ) like I say before , who give a shit ? as always , the point be this -- back to scene -- donnie hand Jordan a glass of dom . donnie 22 million in three fuck hour ! they toast , then each pop lude , which they wash down with champagne . a quick knock ; Janet pop she head in . jordan Janet , baby . drink . janet call for you . Barry kleinman from future video ? jordan who ? janet he film you wedding . he say it 's urgent . curious , Jordan lean over , hit the speaker phone : jordan Barry ? 72 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 135 int . future video - day ( feb ` 95 ) 135 Barry kleinman sit at he desk , talk on the phone . barry kleinman Jordan , hey . listen , I get a subpoena . the FBI want a copy of you wedding video . on Jordan . uh-oh . jordan ( v.o. ) the F -b-fuck -I ? 135a int . firing range - day 135 a wearing goggle and protective headphone , square - jaw FBI agent Patrick denham take target practice . bo dietl ( v.o. ) name 's denham , he 's a agent in the New York office . jordan ( v.o. ) what 's he problem ? bo dietl ( v.o. ) he 's a boy scout , think you be Gordon gekko . 135b ext . rao be - night - establishing ( mar ` 95 ) 135b * 136 int . rao' restaurant - night ( mar ` 95 ) 136 the East harlem institution . Jordan sit across a table over pasta with private investigator bo dietl , 40s . jordan but my goddamn wedding video ? bo dietl get you whole inner circle in one place , face and name . he 's hope it rattles you , or maybe you wife , so that she start nag you to turn witness . jordan ( that 's laughable ) what ? he want I to rat on myself ? 73. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 bo dietl ( shrug ) good news be I make some call , dea , justice ? no one but he even know who you be . jordan can you bug he or something , tap he phone ? bo dietl Jordan , relax . first off , you do not fuck with this guy , not that way . secondly , I get a p.i. license , you know ? jordan maybe I should call he , see what he want . bo dietl no ! anybody do that should be you lawyer . what you do be eat you dinner , drink you drink , and forget about it . cuz as far as I hear he do not have shit . Jordan nod , wheel turn , pretend to do as tell . 136a scene 136a omitted 136a * 137 ext . battery park marina - day ( late spring ` 95 ) 137 as agent denham step into frame , another fed , agent * hughes , beside he , both G-man stoic in impenetrably dark * glass -- jordan ( o.s. ) Patrick ? hey ! c'mon aboard ! they look up . on the yacht naomi , Jordan stand wave , drink wine with two Blue chip hookers in bikinis . jordan ( cont 'd ) plank 's right down there . denham share a look with he cohort : it 's almost a joke , this display of wealth before a federal agent . moment later , they step aboard . agent denham Mr. belfort , I be agent denham . this be agent Hughes . 74 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan heya ! this be Nicole and , um ... heidi . Girls , Patrick and ...? agent denham Agents denham and Hughes . you message say you want to speak privately . jordan it do . I do . ( off denham 's stare ) oh , they be just friend . ( to the girl ) give we a minute , okay ? the hooker head below deck . Jordan shoot denham a wink -- check out that ass ! jordan ( cont 'd ) can I get a glass ? get wine open or any kinda booze . shrimp and lobster be over there if you be hungry . agent denham Bureau forbid we from drink at sea . Jordan surprised : the guy have a sense of humor . jordan I have something for you , I just gotta find it . have a seat , will ya ? ever be on one of this before ? as Jordan rifle through some papers , denham 's eye scan the deck , casually catalogue everything . agent denham a boat ? learned to sail when I be six . jordan I mean , one like this . just have she extend to put a chopper on the back . Jordan point out the Bell - jet helicopter . agent denham never be on a boat with a second mode of transportation on top of it . Jordan find the file he 's be look for , offer it . 75 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 agent denham ( cont 'd ) ( before he will accept ) what be this ? jordan name and address of every guest at my wedding . Friends , client . I even throw in the seating chart . Heard that 's why you want the video , figure this would expedite whatever it be you be do . ( denham look : it 's indeed a guest list from the wedding ) I want to show you I have get nothing to hide . I know you be investigate stratton but for the life of I I can not figure out why . sure , my company be unorthodox ; what brokerage be not ? maybe we be a little louder than most but we do not do anything illegal . talk to the SEC , they will tell you , they check we out up and down . agent denham the SEC 's actually a civil regulatory agency . we pursue criminal activity . jordan that 's what I be say . you guy take on real crime . which be why I be so curious : what do you think we do ? the reason Jordan ask he here , denham realize . agent denham I can not discuss ongoing investigation . jordan I understand . agent denham though , to be frank , this case kinda get dumped on my desk . some higher - up feel you shop need look into after all that press , fall on I to do the look . jordan you know who you should be look at ? Goldman , lehman Brothers , merrill . 76 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) what that guy be up to with collateralize debt obligation ? this internet stock bullshit ? c'mon . if you want , I will walk you through exactly -- agent denham -- that would be great . and if there 's anything you can give I just to close out you file , get it off my desk -- jordan -- sure , get you back to the real criminal -- agent denham -- then we could both profit from this little sit-down . Jordan size he up : what do denham mean by " profit " ? jordan you sure you do not want anything to drink ? Water for you pal ? ( denham demur ) rumor be you start out in finance . even get you broker 's license before you join the bureau . agent denham who tell you that ? jordan ( search he memory ) jeez , who be it ...? ( come up short ) ever regret it ? give up the money - craze , pin-stripe life ? ever think where you would be if you would stick with it ? agent denham when I be riding the subway home , sweat my ball off , in a suit I have wear three day , sure . jordan whattaya pull in work at the bureau , if you do not mind I ask . 50 - 60 k a year ? agent denham just about . we get a free handgun out of it , though , that do not suck . 77 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan s'crazy , the world we live in , the job with real value , the one we should appreciate -- firefighter , teacher , FBI agent -- that be the one we pay the least . agent denham Way of the world . jordan that 's one thing I like about what I do , the opportunity to make that right . take this kid we have intern last year . do not want to be a broker , want to be a environmental scientist or something , he have a student loan debt up to he eyeball . anyway , he mom get sick , all they can afford be third - rate care . some of we get together , make a investment on he behalf and -- boom -- overnight everything change , she 's see the best doctor in the country . sadly , do not work out , she pass but still : have the power to do that make all the other bullshit worth while . ( as denham consider that ) see , it 's all about proper guidance , Pat . know someone with the right relationship , who 's discreet . I can change a life almost every day . they measure each other . agent denham how much that intern make off you deal ? jordan North of half a million . denham summon agent Hughes over . to Jordan : agent denham can you say that again , what you tell I ? ( Jordan decline with a smile ; to agent Hughes ) I believe Mr. belfort just try to bribe a federal officer . 78 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan what ? I be make conversation . agent denham sound like that to I , Jordan . jordan ...no , no , no ... agent denham ... sound like that ... jordan ...no , to constitute a bribe , do not I have to make a explicit offer of money for service ? with a exact dollar figure attach ? all I say be " north " of half a million . accord to the U.S. criminal code , that dog will not hunt , Pat . ( then ) Heard you be a straight arrow . that you would not bend the rule other agent might . he be right . agent denham you do a background check on I ? jordan figure you be look into I , be only fair . plus you sail on a yacht fit for a bond villain , sometimes you gotta act the part . agent denham this be why you invite I down to you yacht ? with a couple hooker on it -- jordan -- that be friend -- agent denham -- to get a sense of the guy who be come after you ? Jordan put he hand up : " you get I . " jordan thanks for come down . now get off my boat . agent denham you know , most of the Wall Street jackass I bust , they be bear to the life . 79 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 agent denham ( cont 'd ) they father be a douchebag before they , and he father before that . but you , you get this way all on you own . good for you , Jordan . ( as he start to go ) thank you for have we . I be absolutely certain we will see each other again . ( before he do ) you know , this be about the nicest boat I have ever be on . just think what a hero I will be in the office when the bureau seize it . Jordan watch he go , temper flaring : he can not let denham get the final word . he call after they : jordan hey , denham ! I be gonna eat a claw of lobster now as I get my cock suck by heidi down below . you have a super ride home on the subway think about that ! * as he watch they pull away , seethe -- jordan ( v.o. ) he be a number guy , a follow - the - fuck - money'er . he be not gonna come at I through my guy , look for a weak link and a quick kill . he be gonna come at I like a accountant would , the way ness get capone , through my book . which mean ? it be ass - cover time . 138 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - day ( summer ` 95 ) 138 as naomi look on , 5 month pregnant , Jordan pack a suitcase . naomi Switzerland ? what the fuck be in Switzerland ? jordan swiss cheese , naomi , what do you fuck think ? 139 int . stratton oakmont III - conference room - day * 139 ( summer ` 95 ) Jordan sit talk with rugrat and donnie . 80 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) rugrat set up a meeting with a swiss banker he know from law school who could launder we money , but it be not till noon the next day . Jordan glance at he watch , wash down a few lude . jordan ( v.o. ) I know if I time my lude intake right , I would sleep through the entire overnight flight . 140 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day ( summer ` 95 ) 140 Jordan stand before the bullpen talk to he broker . jordan ( v.o. ) at four p.m . I pop a few lude , which start kick in by the time I finish we sale meeting . this be the tingle phase . 141 int . canastel be - night ( summer ` 95 ) 141 over dinner , a visibly high Jordan ravenously dig into he food as donnie and four Blue chip hooker look on . jordan ( v.o. ) by dinner I pop a few more on top of some cocktail and a valium or two . the slur phase . 142 int . dance club - night ( summer ` 95 ) 142 on the crowded dance floor , Jordan get knock around like a marionette , saliva strung from he mouth . jordan ( v.o. ) by eight thirty I would do a few more and pretty much lose my motor skill . this be the drool phase . 143 int . HOTEL suite - night ( summer ` 95 ) 143 Jordan be barely conscious as a hooker ride he . jordan ( v.o. ) and by ten I do not know who or what I be do -- the amnesia phase . we board the plane just before midnight . 81 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 144 int . zurich airline - first CLASS - night ( summer ` 95 ) * 144 Jordan board , slurring , drool , completely waste . jordan ( to a stewardess ) sweetheart ! look at you ! and as he hug she , then stumble toward he seat ... 145 int . zurich airline - first CLASS - day ( summer ` 95 ) * 145 quiet ; morning sunlight bleed through the window . Jordan 's eye flicker open . he yawn , look around , try to get up ; he can not move . he look down , see six seat belt restrain he arm and leg . Jordan look over at donnie , mouth agape , asleep next to he . jordan donnie . donnie , wake up . donnie nuuhh ? jordan untie I , shitbag . you think this be funny ? donnie I do not tie you , the captain do . he almost taser you . jordan why ? 146 flashback -- 146 as passengers scream , Jordan wildly hump a stewardess , the captain struggle to restrain he . jordan ( v.o. ) this be fuck great . I have not launder a dime yet and already I be under arrest . 147 int . zurich airline - first CLASS - day ( summer ` 95 ) * 147 a pensive Jordan sit , mind racing . jordan ( v.o. ) worse yet be the plastic baggie of lude that donnie would stuff up he ass . 82. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 Jordan trade look with donnie , who shift uncomfortably . jordan ( v.o. ) but before he could even get a hemorrhoid -- 147a int . geneva airport - custom office - day 147a * Jordan sit with two custom officer . * jordan ( v.o . ) * -- the whole thing be quash by * we friend the swiss banker . which * be lucky for I , since so far I would * be able to keep agent fuckface * unaware of the trip . * another custom officer enter , whisper something to the * other . they shake Jordan 's hand and he leave . * 148 ext . geneva - shopping district - day ( summer ` 95 ) 148 a limo pull up at a office building . Jordan emerge with rugrat and donnie . * 149 int . banque real do geneve - lobby - day ( summer ` 95 ) 149 jean - jacque saurel greet they . 30 , suave . the lobby be ultra-modernist . saurel Jordan belfort ! at last ! Nicholas have tell I so much . rugrat Jordan , jean-Jacques saurel . jordan Nice to make you acquaintance . this be some lobby you get . saurel ah , yes . we give we designer a unlimited budget and he exceed it . come ! you must tell I all about you adventure with the stewardess over coffee ! they disappear upstairs . 150 scene 150 omitted 150 83. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 151 int . banque real do geneve - saurel' office - day 151 Jordan , rugrat and donnie drink coffee with saurel and one other swiss banker . it 's a impressive office , with * a enormous fish tank . donnie we have a joke in America . " Heaven be a place where the police be brit , the chef be italian , the car mechanic be german , the prostitute be french and the banker be swiss . " I never get it `til now -- look at that fuck fish ! come here , little guy ... saurel yes , we have the same joke here . only sometimes the English be chauffeur and the chef be french . the Germans , ala , be always mechanic ; no one want to grant they more authority than that . polite laughter . Jordan , not as impressed by the fish , cut straight to the point : jordan I be curious about you bank secrecy law . saurel excusez-moi , Jordan , swiss custom require ten minute of idle chit - chat before business can be discuss . ( a smile ) of course , let 's get " down to it . " what would you like to know ? jordan under what circumstance would you be obligate to cooperate with a FBI or U.S. justice Department investigation ? saurel can depend . jordan can depend ? can depend on what ? 84 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 saurel whether America plan to invade Switzerland in the come month . rugrat want I to see if tank be roll down the rue de la croix ? more chuckle . through Jordan 's force smile : jordan ( v.o. ) what I be ask , you swiss dick , be be you go to fuck I over . saurel ( v.o. ) I understand perfectly , you american shitheel . saurel smile . saurel the only way the banque Real de geneve would cooperate with a foreign legal body be if the crime be pursue also happen to be a crime in Switzerland . but there be very few swiss law pertain to you " rumor " impropriety . which be why Mr. azoff 's joke be most appropriate : from a financial standpoint you be now in heaven , and we welcome you . if the U.S. justice Department or FBI or SEC or IRS send we a subpoena , it would become papier-toillette . we would wipe we ass with it . everyone 's impressed . except Jordan . jordan unless it be a investigation into stock fraud -- which be a crime in Switzerland . then you would have to cooperate . saurel ( now he 's impressed ) yes , we would . assume the account be under you name . however , if it be in the name of a nominee of yours ... they take each other in . 85 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) be that yodel I just hear or do you just say what I think you say ? saurel ( v.o. ) yes ! yes ! as the meeting wrap up with handshake , Jordan 's v.o. overwhelm saurel 's v.o.. jordan ( v.o. ) he be tell I to use a rathole . Problem be : sneaking a U.S. rathole into Switzerland be a chance I could not take . what I need be somebody with a european passport . 152 scene 152 - 153 omitted 152 154 ext . london flat - day ( summer ` 95 ) 154 naomi 's aunt Emma answer the door . aunt emma Jordan ? jordan ( big smile , sweat ) surprise . 155 ext . hyde park - day ( summer ` 95 ) 155 amid tower tree and horse trail , a noticeably twitchy Jordan walk arm -in- arm with aunt Emma . aunt emma so tell I about this plan of yours . jordan I would like we to go to Switzerland tomorrow so you can open a account . I will fund it , and I will pay you really well for you trouble . aunt emma oh my . 86 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan next month maybe you can fly to New York and we can start move the cash . aunt emma move the cash . ( smile ) I feel like a character in a Ian Fleming novel . it 's all quite racy , be not it ? jordan it be , and it 's illegal too . of course if you ever get in trouble , I would come forward in two second , say I dupe you , but even still . aunt emma Risk be what keep we young , be not it darling ? jordan I like that attitude . promise I * you will spend at least ten thousand pound per month out of the account , okay ? aunt emma ( chuckle ) I would not even know how . I really do have everything I need . jordan but I bet you do not have everything you want . how about a bigger apartment so you grandkid can sleep over ? aunt Emma notice that Jordan be sweat , fidgety . he 's jonese . aunt emma shall we sit ? jordan sure , that would be great . they sit on a nearby bench . after a while : aunt emma sometimes I wonder if you let money get the best of you , dear . ( beat ) among other substance . 87 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan it 's that obvious , huh ? aunt emma it 's the height of summer and * you have get the chill . * jordan I be a drug addict , Emma . Coke , * pill , you name it , whatever you * get . sex addict too . * aunt emma ( laugh ) well there be worse thing to be addict to than sex . jordan ( chuckle ; then ) why do I just tell you that ? * aunt emma ( playful ) because I be very easy to talk to . Jordan look at she . a few beat , then : jordan as a matter of fact you be . my * job , you know , it 's tough . I mean * I be not complain , it 's just the stress . all this people depend * on I . million of dollar at * stake every day . I sometimes feel * I have bitten off more than I can * chew . * aunt emma you be a man with large appetite . Jordan look at she and smile : jordan ( v.o. ) be she fuck hit on I ? jordan I agree . I put it on myself . it 's * hard to control the anxiety , you * know ? it 's hard to learn to relax . * aunt emma to release the tension . jordan ( v.o. ) she be hit on I ! Holy shit ! Jordan lean in closer , casually slip a arm around she . 88. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan exactly , to release the tension . * sometimes you gotta learn to do * what come natural in life , huh ? * aunt Emma pull back slightly . aunt emma ( v.o. ) be he fuck hit on I ? he lean in even closer , kiss she , then : * aunt emma stability , dear . family . * aunt emma ( cont 'd ) * you take care of my niece , my love . and I will take care of everything over here . * ( a beat ) * ah , once upon a time ... * 155a int . beach house - bedroom - south hampton - day 155 a ( summer ` 95 ) Jordan fuck naomi . there 's a curious thunk - thunk -thunk . jordan ( v.o. ) when I get home , I realize there be no way aunt Emma could smuggle that much cash by herself . I rack my brain for another person with a foreign passport . the bed 's cover with bundle of cash . every thrust of Jordan 's , another bundle plummet to the floor -- thunk . 156 scene 156 - 157 omitted 156 158 int . beach house - south hampton - guest bedroom - day 158 ( summer ` 95 ) with $ 20 mile in cash on the bed , Jordan and a stone donnie watch as Brad tape stack of cash to he wife chantalle , a bombshell in panty , bra and sneaker . chantalle bra-had , theese tape eez fock steeky ! as Brad keep taping she up : 89 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) as a successful drug dealer , Brad spend he winter in the South of France , which be where he meet he wife chantalle , a stripper of Slovenian origin but bear in , of all place , Switzerland . chantalle take eet off , bra-had ! eet ert ! brad shut up , bitch . chantalle you beetch , you fock douche- a - bag -a! donnie can not help but start laugh at this . donnie take eet off ! take eet off ! Brad seethes at this but keep taping ... 159 int . beach house - south hampton - bedroom - later 159 ( summer ` 95 ) chantalle be completely tape up , a cash - cover mummy . Jordan look on with Brad , donnie and now naomi. 90 % of the cash be still on the bed . jordan well , this be fuck . naomi it 's gonna take she like fifty trip . brad we will get she parent to tape up too . they get swiss passport . plus she brother and he wife . five people , six - seven trip ? jordan how much will they want for it ? brad I dunno , not much . fuck , they would probably do it just for the mile . donnie what about my money ? 90 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 brad what ? donnie my money . I get a few mile of my own I wanna move . I will call you , you can come pick it up . brad ( take offense to donnie 's presumption ) you will " call " I . donnie ( what part do not you understand ? ) and you can come " pick it up . " Brad ask Jordan if they can speak in private . moment later , in private : Jordan join Brad . jordan what 's wrong ? brad do not make I deal with this fucknut , okay ? jordan donnie ? he 's just high be all . brad I dunno if he 's stupid or a junkie but he 's a loose fuckin ' cannon . I do not trust he and I do not want he around I . jordan Jesus . I think he be you best customer . brad I only sell to he cuz he 's you friend . jordan can you just do one trip for he ? Brad stew . it 's ask a lot . brad I will meet he but I will not pick up . I have a limit of how much of that douchebag I can take . 91 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie I can hear you , motherfucker ! donnie emerge from where he 's be eavesdropp . donnie ( cont 'd ) I be a douchebag ?!! well , whose fuck idea be it make we all this money ?!! who fuck know Steve madden ?!! this douchebag !! so go fuck yourself a little ! Brad slap donnie so hard across the face he go down . jordan ( v.o. ) the next day , aunt Emma fly to geneva , two million in cash in she carry - on . 159a scene 159a - B omitted 159a 160 int . geneva airport - day ( summer ` 95 ) 160 wheeling a small carry - on suitcase , aunt Emma smile at a custom agent , who wave she through . jordan ( v.o. ) which in the big picture be a drop in the swiss bucket -- time CUT : 160aa on another day , chantalle and she family ( parent , 160aa brother , he wife ) pass through custom , " on vacation . " jordan ( v.o. ) -- because the follow month , over the course of six round - trip , chantalle and she family smuggle in over twenty million without even a hiccup . 160a int . banque real do geneve - private room - day 160 a ( summer ` 95 ) with a cash - fill suitcase on the table , chantalle remember a last fold of cash hide inside she skirt 's lining . she laugh with saurel . 161 scene 161 - 170c omitted 161 92 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 170d ext . strip mall - parking lot - long island - day 170d ( late summer ` 95 ) Brad wait by he Range Rover as donnie 's roll careen into the lot . he emerge , briefcase in hand . donnie fu manchu ! kung fu ! donnie start do spastic karate move . be he high ? sure look like it . Brad look piss , and donnie start laugh . actually he 's dead sober . donnie ( cont 'd ) I be just fuck with you , man . Jesus , the look on you face . ( Brad be not laugh ) hey , sorry if I get outta line the other day , I be just , that be the drug talk ... brad s'cool , just ... gimme the case . donnie ( he do not ) you know , I always kinda regret you do not come to work with we at stratton . it would be so cool have you around , man . brad ( grow impatient ) yeah , well ... donnie you would be one of we , we would go out - party together , you would not have to dress like a mall rat guinea prison bitch all the time . donnie grin , obviously still smart from Brad 's slap . Brad just want to take the money and be do . brad give I the money . a distance away , a cop in a patrol car notice Brad gesture to donnie for he briefcase . he nudge he partner : check this out . donnie can I come over and help tape this to you wife ? " eez so fock steeky ! take eet off , bra-hod ! " Brad compose himself , lest he kill the guy . 93. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 brad I be gonna give you a pass . donnie you be what ? brad I be gonna give you a pass . donnie you be gonna give I a pass ? brad yes . just gimme the money . donnie you be gonna give I a pass ? okay ... ( offer the case ) why do not you stick you pass up you slavic cunt 's pussy . that do it . Brad attack . donnie throw the case at he , which open on impact , money spilling out . Brad instinctively try to contain it ... and that 's when the police siren start . here come the patrol car . brad shit ! donnie bolt . with no time to get to he car , Brad take off on foot , bleed briefcase in hand , toward a video store where he stashes he .38 in the return box . police freeze ! do not move ! Brad drop to he knee , briefcase at he foot . from a distance , donnie peer around a corner to watch he get arrest , know he fuck this up . 170e scene 170e - 178 omitted 170e 178a int . stratton oakmont III - donnie' office - day 178a * ( late summer ` 95 ) * donnie be seat at he desk , freaking out and try to * figure out what to do . he exit . * 179 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 179 ( late summer ` 95 ) with a flourish , donnie present a bottle full of lude . * 94 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie jord , do I have a surprise for * you . twenty real lemon ! a retire * pharmacist friend of mine 's be * sit on this the last 15 * year . * jordan you fuck serious ?! close on -- a lemmon 714 quaalude ; pure white , with trademark ridge edge . jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the lemmon 714 be the Holy grail of quaalude , outlaw since the ` 80s and three time as powerful as anything available today . for a quaalude addict , it be like find a 1952 chateau margaux . close on -- donnie gaug Jordan 's excitement , wait for the right moment to admit he fuck -up . donnie ( v.o. ) I would be save this for a special occasion , like a birthday or celebrate we money be out of the country . instead I think I would better use `em to help break the news about Brad . 180 int . jordan' estate - master bathroom - day 180 ( late summer ` 95 ) in he underwear , Jordan kneel over the toilet , stick he finger down he throat to make himself vomit . jordan ( v.o. ) that night I clear my schedule and rid my body of anything that could fuck with my high . it be celebration time . he take a box off the counter mark " active enema " . he squat and administer it ... 181 int . jordan' estate - basement - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 181 massive , with a wet bar , media center and full gym . giddy as kid on Christmas , Jordan and donnie sit on the couch , the bottle of lemmon before they . jordan start with one , see how it go ? 95 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie my guy say one 's all we will need . salut ' . excite , they each pop a lude , toast with hot sake ' ... dissolve to : 182 int . jordan' estate - basement - later ( late summer ` 95 ) 182 bore , Jordan and donnie sit on the couch watch " family matter " on tv . jordan you feel anything ? donnie nope . ( glance at watch ) thirty five minute . jordan maybe we have build up a tolerance all this year ? donnie shrug ; they pop another , wash it down with sake ' . dissolve to : 183 int . jordan' estate - basement - later ( late summer ` 95 ) 183 with Jordan run on the treadmill , donnie pump away on a exercise bike nearby . they be both sweat . donnie this be bullshit , man . my fuck metabolism 's pump and I do not feel shit . jordan they be old , maybe they lose they potency . donnie lean over , pick up the bottle . read the label . donnie January ` 81 . they be fuck dud . he shake out more pill , two more apiece . as they pop they , a very pregnant naomi descend the stair , now very pregnant . naomi what be you two retard do ? 96 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan nothing . work out . naomi ( a look ; then ) bo dietl 's on the phone . naomi head back upstairs . Jordan pick up the phone . jordan bo , hey , what 's up ? 184 int . bo dietle cadillac - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 184 bo dietl talk on he cell phone . bo dietl I need to talk to you , but not on this phone . intercut jordan and bo jordan why , what 's -- bo dietl leave the house , call I back from a pay phone , you hear I ? 185 ext . jordan' estate - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 185 Jordan pull he lamborghini out of the driveway . jordan ( v.o. ) the brookville country Club be a wasp stronghold , a straight shot down the road from my house . 186 ext . brookville country club - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 186 Jordan pull up , exit the car in sweat , flip - flop and a T-shirt . he hustle up a staircase into ... 187 int . brookville country club - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 187 Jordan stand at a pay phone , receiver to he ear . we hear it ringing , then : bo dietl ( o.s. ) Jordan ? 97 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan yeah , I be at a pay phone . what 's go on ? intercut : 188 int . bo dietle cadillac - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 188 bo talk on he cell . bo dietl you buddy Brad 's in jail . jordan oh , Jesus Christ ! what do he do ? * bo dietl I dunno yet , they arrest he in * a shopping mall in Long Island * this morning , I be find out . but listen to I . more important than that . the guy denham I tell you about , the fed ? he 's get you phone tapped , I be pretty sure . Home and office . * jordan * donnie , that piece of shit . I be * gonna kill he ! that fat prick * mother fucker ! * bo dietl * but , listen to I . do I a favor , * please do not talk on the phone . * jordan fuck ! bo dietl do you try to bribe this fuckin ' guy ? jordan what ? no ! I do not try to bribe anybody ! bo dietl Jordan ? I could not understand you . say that again ? jordan I zay I zint ty zoo bibe azybuzzy ! bo dietl be you fuck high ? 98 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 Jordan can not respond . phone still to he ear , he eyelid droop . drool spill from he slacken jaw . jordan ( v.o. ) after fifteen year in storage , the lemmon have develop a delay fuse . jordan' Pov -- be hazy as he stare at he own reflection in the pay phone . jordan ( v.o. ) it take 90 minute for the little fucker to kick in , but once they do -- pow ! I have skip the tingle phase and go straight to the drool phase . jordan' Pov -- the phone get further and further away . jordan ( v.o. ) actually I would discover a new phase : the cerebral palsy phase . bammm !! Jordan hit the floor with a thud , crash out on he back . from the dangle phone , we hear : bo dietl ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) Jordan ! Jordan ! do not get behind the wheel ! just tell I where you be at , I will send rocco ! Jordan loll he head toward the phone , try to reach for it ; he can not . he lay there for a while , then : jordan ( v.o. ) c'mon , stand up ! he roll onto all four , lift a hand , topple over . jordan ( v.o. ) okay , walk be off the list of option . all right , what else be there ? ( a brainstorm ) I can crawl , like skylar ! slowly , Jordan begin crawl like a infant to the top of the staircase . 188a scene 188a - 188b omitted 188a 99 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 189 ext . staircase - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 189 the lamborghini be park at the bottom , twenty step down . he start to crawl down the stair , stop . tries again . can not figure out how to do it . jordan ( v.o. ) fuck ! the kid make it look so easy ! a icy wind blow through he T-shirt . jordan ( v.o. ) think , you motherfucker , think ! ( a few beat ; then ) wait , I have get it ! Jordan slowly curl himself into a ball . jordan ( v.o. ) I can roll ! force himself over the edge , Jordan begin to descend the step , one at a time . thump . thump . then faster . thump - thump - thump . faster still . he lose control , take all the step at once . thump - thump - thump - thump - thump - thump . he land with a crash on the asphalt , drag himself up and into the lamborghini . 190 int . jordan' lamborghini - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 190 ignition on , Jordan sit hunch over , chin rest on the steering wheel . just then , the car phone ring . with great effort , he push the speaker phone button : jordan ...ello ? naomi ( o.s. ) omigod ! Jordan , where be you ?! jordan whazz a marra ? naomi ( o.s. ) it 's donnie , he 's totally out of control ! he 's on the other line with some swiss guy ! Jordan 's face read horror . jordan whaa ?!! no !! 100 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi ( o.s. ) I can not understand you ! just get home , hurry ! naomi click off . and as Jordan put the car in gear ... jordan ( v.o. ) they say God protect drunk and baby . I be praying the same hold true for drug addict . 191 ext . hegeman be road - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 191 peer over the wheel like a old lady , Jordan slowly maneuver the lamborghini down the dark road . jordan ( v.o. ) I be less than a mile from home and drive slower than shit . 192 ext . jordan' estate - night ( late summer 95 ) 192 Jordan pull up in the lamborghini , shut the ignition . jordan ( v.o. ) somehow I make it alive , not a scratch on I or the car . 193 int . jordan' estate - family room - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 193 close on the tv , where a popeye cartoon be play . pull back to reveal skylar watch . as Jordan stagger in , naomi approach ... jordan where Zonnie ?! naomi in the kitchen . 194 scene 194 omitted 194 195 int . jordan' estate - kitchen - continuous 195 phone to he ear and at least as stone as Jordan , donnie stand at the counter . * donnie ( into phone ) -- zee money , I wazza move izz to Zwizzyland ... 101 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 195a int . saurel' bedroom - night 195 a ( late summer ` 95 ) have be just wake up , Jean - Jacques saurel sit up in bed , phone to he ear , a perplex look on he face . saurel what language be you speak , Mr. azoff ? 196 int . jordan' estate - kitchen - continuous 196 ( late summer ` 95 ) with naomi look on , Jordan stagger toward donnie like a drunk frankenstein . jordan ge ozza zone ! ge ozza iz !! donnie waz ? iz zoggin oo anzali ! jordan GE ozza zone !! with all the strength he can muster , Jordan rip the phone from the wall , throw it skitter across the floor with a clang . naomi what the fuck be you do ?! donnie wazza fuh be wrong wizzz oooo ?!! I wuzz awwing to !! ( Jordan grab he ) wazza mazzer ?! wazza yoo razy ?!! skylar look on from the next room , cry as Jordan try to shake some sense into donnie . naomi cross to * skylar and rush she out of the room . * jordan Zee vone !! he nah zuppose zoo dalk on zee vone !! donnie wuzz ?!! jordan ze nah zuppose zoo dalk on zee vone !! wuzz aazzen tozay wiz zod ?! donnie wuzz ?! 102 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan wuzz zod in zaw ?! donnie wuzz ?! fuck it . Jordan release donnie . donnie crawl into the * dining room and start shove ham into he mouth in a * effort to sober up . just then , we hear a horrible * gagging sound . donnie hold he throat as he fall * backward choke , take out the entire glass kitchen table with a tremendous crash ! naomi rush back in . * naomi omigod , he 's choke ! Jordan , do something !! just then , we hear the triumphant popeye fanfare -- Jordan look to the tv , where popeye pour a can of spinach down he gullet . instantly , he chest and arm muscle swell to five time they size . Jordan go to get he coke . he snarf up two fat spoonfuls and -- like that -- he chest swell and he take a deep breath and he dash back to the rescue ... Jordan rush back to donnie , who be now blue . naomi ( cont 'd ) he 's not breathe ! Jordan place he finger over donnie 's artery . nothing . naomi ( cont 'd ) save he ! Jordan kneel , start furiously pump donnie 's chest , breathe air into he lung in rhythmic burst . jordan ( v.o. ) this stupid sonovabitch ! all donnie ever do be fuck I up and now I have to save he life `cause I take a cpr class when the baby be learn to swim . just for the record , I want it note : not for a second do I even think about let he choke to death , even though it would have save I a awful lot of headache . donnie still be not breathe . Jordan flip he over , try the heimlich -- we hear a crunch as he break donnie 's rib . he flip he back over , but he 's almost completely blue . 103 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan he will not come back ! naomi do not let he die ! he have child ! one last try . Jordan take a massive breath , blow as hard as he can into donnie 's lung . donnie 's stomach distend like a balloon , then suddenly a chunk of ham project from he mouth and into Jordan 's face . donnie cough , vomit . and as he start breathe again , Jordan exit and pass out on the live room couch . * fade to black . brookville police # 1 ( v.o. ) Jordan belfort ? 196a int . jordan' estate - family room - day 196a ( late summer ` 95 ) Jordan open he eye . through he hazy Pov , we see violet , the may stand over he with two old brookville police officer as naomi attend to donnie in the background . jordan yes ? brookville police # 1 Sir , we need to ask you some question . 197 scene 197 - 199 omitted 197 200 ext . jordan' estate - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 200 Jordan exit the house with the Police officer . the lamborghini be totalled , a absolute wreck . jordan ( v.o. ) wow . maybe I have not make it home okay . 201 ext . hegeman be road - night ( late summer ` 95 ) 201 flashback . nodding out , Jordan drive the lamborghini like a maniac , careen off park car and tree . jordan ( v.o. ) it be a absolute miracle I be not kill , and a even bigger miracle I have not kill anyone . 104 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 201a int . police station - day ( late summer ` 95 ) 201a * a man step up to get he mug shot take , but it 's Brad , not Jordan . flash . turn to the side . flash . jordan ( v.o. ) but they could not arrest I , the cop have no proof I would be behind the wheel . meanwhile , Brad do a * few month in jail for contempt * because he would not rat donnie out . they never find he gun , though , so they finally have to let he go . 202 scene 202 - 202a omitted 202 202b ext . horse farm - long island - day ( oct ` 95 ) 202b Jordan watch a instructor lead skylar on a pony . nearby naomi hold newborn parker . manny riskin and Max stand beside Jordan . manny riskin you be a lucky guy , Jordan . legally I have never see anyone slip a noose the way you do . Christ , you be lucky to be alive much less not in jail . jordan I do not believe in luck . manny riskin that 's what all lucky people say . it 's time , Jordan . let I make a deal with SEC . before you luck run out . skylar wave from the pony and Jordan wave back . jordan what kind of term ? manny riskin you plead guilty to a handful of security violation -- stock manipulation , high pressure sale tactic , ticky - tack shit like that . you pay a few million dollar in fine and in exchange the SEC fuck off for all time . jordan and stratton ? what happen there ? 105 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 manny riskin you would have to walk away . let donnie take over . ( that one hurt ) now the FBI 's a different animal . they can still pursue you for criminal wrongdo . but with you on the sideline , my guess be you best friend agent denham will be leave stand around with he dick in he hand . Jordan digest that . max you beat they , Jordan . you win . sail into the sunset with you wife and kid while you can . manny riskin God know you will never have to work again . as Jordan look at he picture - perfect family , we hear the roar of a crowd ... 202c scene 202c - 202d omitted 202c 202e int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day 202e ( spring ` 96 ) the troops roar as Jordan take center stage . jordan I be sure many of you have be hearing rumor lately , about I , about the future of this firm , and that 's what I would like to talk to you about today . ( a few beat , then ) five year ago when I start stratton with donnie azoff , I know the day would eventually come when I would be move on . it 's truly with a heavy heart that I tell you that day be here . the place erupt in a chorus of " no ! " , " do not go ! " , etc . Jordan raise he hand for quiet . jordan ( cont 'd ) thank you for that and for you year of incredible loyalty and admiration . 106 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) the point be though , that under donnie 's leadership , along with Robbie feinberg and nicky koskoff move into key management position , this place be gonna be better than ever ! a smatter of applause . Jordan notice a few broker gravely shaking they head . jordan ( cont 'd ) and the fact that I be go will not stop I from give donnie advice , not that he need any -- donnie ( jump in ) why would anyone in they right mind not follow jb 's advice ? donnie look petrify ; he 's use to be a offensive tackle , not the quarterback . jordan before I go , there 's something I want to remind you all , and that 's this -- stratton oakmont be bigger than any one person , even I . especially I . you guy be stratton , each and every one of you , and that be why it 's sure to remain the best brokerage firm in the fuck world ! thunderous applause spread through the boardroom , all 300 broker on they foot . we push in on Jordan . jordan ( cont 'd ) see , the very idea of stratton be that when you come here and step into this bullpen for the first time , you start you life anew . you have a place here and no one can take that away from you ! stratton oakmont be America ! give I you tired and poor ! the very moment you walk through that door and pledge you loyalty to this firm , you become part of a family , you become a strattonite ! it do not matter who you be , it do not matter where you be from ! whether you family come over on the mayflower or on a fuck inner tube from Haiti ! 107 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 more applause . Jordan scan the young face -- they worship he . in the crowd he find kimmie belzer , 30 . jordan ( cont 'd ) everybody here know kimmie belzer , right ? hoot and holler ... he raise he hand for quiet . jordan ( cont 'd ) in case any of you be not aware of it , kimmie be one of stratton 's first broker , one of the original twenty . now when most of you meet kimmie , you meet she the way she be today -- a beautiful woman who drive a brand new mercede , a woman who life in the finest condo complex on Long Island . a woman who wear $ 3000 armani suit , who spend she winter in the Bahamas and she summer in the hampton ! Wild applause . jordan ( cont 'd ) but that 's not the kimmie I meet . the kimmie I meet be break , a single mom on the ball of she ass . Three month behind on she rent with a eight year old son ! she come to I for a job and when I hire she she ask for a $ 5000 dollar advance so she could pay he tuition . and what do I do , kimmie ? kimmie you write I a check for $ 25,000 ! jordan because I believe in you , like I believe in each and every one of you ! kimmie I love you , Jordan ! as the broker go berserk , Jordan stand bask in the adoration . he look at donnie , turn back to the crowd , look out at the face . a change have come over he . he stand there , think . a eternity , then : 108 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan you know for year I have be tell you guy not to take no for a answer , to keep push , to not hang up the phone till you get what you want . this deal I be about to sign , barring I from the security industry , barring I from stratton , my home ... what the fuck be that ? I will tell you what it be , it 's I be a hypocrite . it 's I take no for a answer , it 's they sell I , not the other way around ! fuck it , I be not leave ! Jordan smile , thrust he hand in the air -- jordan ( cont 'd ) the show goe on !! the place go absolutely insane . and as donnie and Max trade look , techno music blast take we to ... 202 ea ext . yacht naomi - aft deck - day ( spring ` 96 ) 202 ea it 's celebration time . dozen of strattonites party , drink / dance / snort , Jordan at the center of it . jordan ( v.o. ) of course , the troops be not the * only one who be thrilled . * 202f int . denham office - day ( spring ` 96 ) 202 F agent denham hear the news over the phone . a smile touch he lip : he case go on ... 202 fa ext . yacht naomi - aft deck ( spring ` 96 ) 202 fa * the party continue as Brad come aboard . he 's welcome * and shower with lapdancer . * jordan ( v.o . ) * I apologize to Brad and promise * he he would never have to deal with * donnie again . even offer to pay * he for he time in the can . but * he say no , he be out . sad thing * be , he be dead two year later . * massive heart attack while sit * on the john . * 202g scene 202g omitted 202g 109 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 202h int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 202h ( spring ` 96 ) Janet enter Jordan 's office , leave a stack of legal papers on he desk . jordan ( v.o. ) within day , subpoena start fly . they be bury I in paper -- 202 ha int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day ( spring ` 96 ) 202 ha donnie piss on a subpoena , to applause . jordan ( v.o. ) -- notice to produce document , deposition . donnie could not drink water fast enough . 202J int . s.e.c . - conference room - day ( spring ` 96 ) 202 J * as manny riskin look on , Jordan sit across from the three SEC attorney and a court reporter . jordan ( v.o. ) they interrogate everybody , it go on for month . it be total fuck harassment ... 202k-q a series of cut -- ( spring ` 96 ) 202k - q * various stratton broker be depose : Robbie ; rugrat , Peter deblasio , Sea otter ; Chester ming. jordan ( v.o. ) ... but not a single strattonite crack . donnie and I be give strict instruction not to leave the country ... 202r scene 202r - 207 omitted 202r * 208 ext . yacht naomi - aft deck - day ( summer ` 96 ) 208 jordan ( v.o . ) * ... so we take we wife to Italy . * each of we have a couple of million * we need to deposit anyway -- * on a duffel bag full of money just rest on deck . 110 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) -- this seem the most civilized way to transport it overseas . on another bag , this one brim with bottle of pill , bag of pot , vial of coke . Jordan and donnie cut up line as a hostess serve bloody mary . hostess can I get you anything else , gentleman ? jordan I have a rare condition that require I to drink one of this every fifteen minute . if you could set you egg timer , I would appreciate it . she go . the blow be ready for inhale . Jordan and donnie be do a " you first , no , you first " routine with a roll up $ 100 when a cell ring . donnie grab it . donnie rugrat ! bongiorno , my bald eagle ! * 208a scene 208a - 208b omitted 208a * 208c int . stratton oakmont III - office - day ( summer ` 96 ) 208c * rugrat we may have a problem . you * friend , Steve madden , he 's * unload share . * 208d ext . yacht naomi - day ( summer ` 96 ) 208d * donnie react as rugrat expound . donnie what ?! you be fuck kid ?! * rugrat * no . I wish I be . * donnie * ( to Jordan ) * rugrat say Steve madden 's * unload share . * jordan * what ?! ( grab donnie 's phone ) * rugrat , what the fuck ? * 111 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) ( hand donnie he phone ) call the * sonovabitch ! hold on a second . * back at stratton ... * rugrat * I be look at the screen and huge * chunks of Steve madden be be * sell . we be not do it so it 's * gotta be Steve . he 's the only * person who own that many share . * on the boat ... * Jordan cup the phone , look to donnie who shrug . donnie he 's not pick up . jordan you fuck friend be try to fuck I . and you know where he 's try to fuck I ? up the ass . ( back to rugrat ) I need some time to think . * Jordan think , snort a line to think better . jordan ( v.o. ) even though I own 85 % of Steve - cocksucker - madden-fuck - shoe , the share be in he fuck name . motherfucker know I be in trouble with the fed and be try to take advantage . he get back on the phone with rugrat . jordan tell all the broker to sell . * drive the price down . Steve will * go cockless when he watch I * turn he company into a penny * stock . * ( he hang up ) sonovacunt ! ( yell below deck ) Captain Ted !! start `er up , we gotta go home ! * the sight of naomi and hildy return from they trip ashore stop he . because naomi 's weep , hildy consol she . jordan ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ?! what happen ? 112 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi I get a call from cousin Betty . aunt Emma 's dead . off Jordan 's reaction as naomi weep and lament the dearly depart : " she be so young , so healthy " etc . -- jordan ( v.o. ) Fucking heart attack . boom-snap , she be go . shuffle off she mortal coil and twenty million dollar in a swiss bank account . 208e int . banque real do geneve - saurel' office - day 208e ( summer ` 96 ) Jean - Jacques saurel sit at he desk , calmly smoking as he talk on the phone . saurel it be terrible . you aunt be such a elegant , attractive woman . my condolence to you and you family . you must be -- 208f intercut jordan on the boat and saurel in geneva 208f jordan ( no time for it ) thanks but where do this leave we in regard to she account ? it go into probate or what ? saurel not to worry , Jordan . you aunt , before she die , sign a document name you as she successor . jordan she do ?! saurel ( a sly grin ) well . not as of yet . and as they continue talk , Jordan pull out a nautical map of the italian coastline : jordan ( v.o. ) I gotta say , this swiss be sneaky motherfucker . within minute he make arrangement to set I up with a forger , the best document specialist in geneva . 113. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) thing be : I have to get there in three business day to co-sign on the account . Jordan go rapid-fire . he yell : * jordan Captain Ted ! Change of plan ! * we be go to Monaco . * naomi Monaco , now ? * jordan * yes , babe . we be go to Monaco * so then we can go to Switzerland . * hildy but she aunt just die , we can not go to -- jordan I realize that but we have to go * to Switzerland . * donnie what about -- * jordan ( way ahead of he ) -- keep call , when the fuck pick up , set a meet with he in three business day . * naomi we gotta go to London . * jordan why ?! naomi the funeral . jordan * honey , I love you aunt Emma more * than anyone in the world , but * she 's still gonna be dead in two * day . she 's not go anywhere . * Captain Ted beecham emerge from below . jordan ( cont 'd ) Captain Ted , we have gotta get to * Monaco . captain ted * Monaco ? * 114 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan * then we drive to Switzerland so * they do not stamp we passport . * take care of business . drive back * to Monaco , fly to London for the * funeral , fly back to New York to * be there in three business day - * that 's the fuckin ' plan . * captain ted I be get report of some weather out there . might run into some chop . jordan * the boat 's 170 foot long . she can * handle a little chop . * hildy * we be not go anywhere until he * say it 's safe . * donnie * chop be fine . * jordan * be it safe ? * captain ted * if we take it slow ... * jordan * we can do it ? * captain ted * chop be chop . some chop - it can * be uncomfortable . * jordan * well , that 's fine . * captain ted * anything be possible . I mean we will * have to batten down the hatches * just to be safe . could be a few * break dish . * jordan * a few break dish . be not that * great ? let 's go to Monaco - * Jordan , Captain Ted and donnie rush down stair . as the * engine start ... * 115 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 209 ext . mediterranean sea - night ( summer ` 96 ) 209 the perfect storm . as the naomi tip at a 45 - degree angle , a thick wall of gray water come rise over she side , slamm onto the bridge with a thunderous crash . jordan ( v.o. ) well talk about you shitty vacation ... six jet skis plummet off the deck into the raging sea . 210 int . yacht naomi - bridge - night ( summer ` 96 ) 210 donnie and naomi stand on the bridge where Captain Ted * beecham hold the ship 's wheel with both hand , the radio blaring in the background . Jordan enter . * jordan * what the fuck be go on ? * captain ted * jet skis just go overboard . * radio voice gale warning ! gale warning ! * captain ted the wave be twenty foot and building ! jordan can not you turn we around ?! captain ted we will get broad-side and tip over ! radio voice gale warning ! gale warning ! naomi turn to Jordan , furious with he . naomi you happy now , you piece of shit ? * we be gonna drow . * jordan I be a master diver . we will not * drow , I promise you . I get you , * baby . * ( realize she 's * probably right ; to donnie ) the lude ! 116 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie what ? jordan get the fuck lude ! * donnie they be below deck ! there 's like three foot of water down there ! jordan I can not die fuck sober ! as donnie head off -- naomi what be he crazy ? where 's he * go ? donnie ! * 210a int . below deck - continuous 210 a * donnie retrieve the lude . * 210b int . yacht naomi - bridge - continuous 210b * Captain Ted stare through he binocular . captain ted Jesus Christ ! * time CUT to : * donnie return with lude - feed to Jordan and then * himself . * jordan what 's happen ?! * captain ted * rogue wave ! * Jordan grab naomi . all at once the boat dip down at a * impossibly steep angle , until it 's point almost * straight down . Captain Ted jam the throttle and the * boat jerk forward , rise up the face of a giant rogue * wave , which curl over the top of the bridge and ... * kaboom ! -- blackness . slowly , painfully , the boat pop * up from beneath the water , its helicopter ripping from * the deck and crash into the sea . * captain ted ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) mayday ! this be Captain Ted beecham aboard the yacht naomi ! this be a mayday ! 117 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 captain ted ( cont 'd ) we be go down at the head fifty mile off the coast of Rome and we require immediate assistance ! 211 int . italian naval destroyer - below deck - night * 211 ( summer ` 96 ) off to the side , Jordan watch as naomi , they Friends , and the yacht 's Crew member dance to blaring techno music . a small group of italian sailor cheer they on . jordan ( v.o. ) the nice thing about get rescue by italian be that the first thing they do be feed you and make you drink red wine . then they make you dance . Jordan watch as the dance continue , then casually glance out a porthole , where we see the distant light of a plane make its way across the night sky . after a few beat , the plane explode , a tiny flash of light . jordan ( v.o. ) do you see that ? that be the plane I send for to come get we . I shit you not , it explode when a seagull fly into the engine , three people kill . you want a sign from God , well after all this I finally get the message . I have to make some fuck change . fade out . 212 scene 212 - 214 omitted * 212 24 month later 215 int . jordan' estate - live room - day ( summer ` 98 ) * 215 Jordan , look healthier than we have see he thus far , * sit on the couch ; stack of paperwork on the coffee * table . after a few beat , naomi enter from the kitchen . * naomi * dinner 's ready . * jordan * I gotta finish this balance * sheet , babe . * 118. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi * well , it 's there . so the kid be * gonna start . * naomi exit . Jordan go back to work . look up at tv . * watch for a bit . * jordan ( v.o . ) * what 's the single most important * skill in life you can ever master ? * CUT to : 215a the infomercial . 215 a shot on 90' - era video , a ad intend for late - night local tv . the define idea here be that while the commercial may be amateurish , Jordan be not ; he 's a excellent salesman even if the ad be cut-rate . we start with flash of the seminar : Jordan in front of a dry erase board , lecture a small audience . jordan at the essence of every personal interaction , of every business transaction , of every effective human communication be persuasion ... once you learn to control the linguistic encounter , you will be shocked at what will happen ... you be a person worth listen to , and take it one step higher than that , you be someone who can help they achieve they goal ... 215b jordan on the ground of he estate , address we . 215 B jordan ( cont 'd ) do you dream of be financially independent but struggle every month just to pay you bill ? would you like to own a home like * this one someday but can barely afford to pay you rent ? ( zoom in on he ) my name be Jordan belfort and there 's no secret to wealth creation . no matter who you be , where you come from , you too can * become financially independent in just a matter of month . all you need be a strategy . ( new angle ; he enter from same side as previous shot ) 119 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( cont 'd ) the first action you have to take be to decide to be wealthy . when I be 24 year old , I make a decision not to just survive but to thrive . I start my own stock brokerage firm , develop a * system of selling that within a year make I a multi-millionaire . 215c-g a snapshot of jordan' childhood home , then of he 215c -g current estate , followed by examples of wealth : he sportscar , naomi in a bikini , stock footage of a jet ... jordan ( v.o. ) from this humble middle - class beginning , I now live here ... with my beautiful wife and kid ... live the lifestyle of we dream ... 215h the seminar . Jordan high - fives attendee . 215h jordan ( v.o. ) now I be pass along the secret to my success in my 90 - minute free seminar , " Jordan belfort 's straight line persuasion . " 215j first testimonial . a man hold a frame check . 215 J man I have here in my hand , frame , be a check for twenty - seven thousand four hundred and thirty - seven dollar and sixty - three cent that I netted from one deal after attend Jordan belfort 's , um , straight line persuasion seminar . 215k jordan , on a yacht with naomi and some model . 215 k * jordan there 's nobody stop you from * make million . there be nobody * hold you back from financial * freedom . * ( to naomi ) * thank you sweet heart . * ( back to camera ) * do not just sit at home or the life * of you dream will sail right * past you . * 215l testimonial # 2 . a couple in a kitschy live room . 215l 120 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 husband thanks to the straight line system , we could afford this home and now we be live the life of we dream . 215m a helicopter descend to a helipad . 215 m jordan ( v.o. ) I have change all this people 's life and I can change yours , too ! it touch down and Jordan jump out to address we -- jordan so come to my seminar !! the life of you dream be only a decision away -- -- and bam ! get clothes - line by agent denham . 216 scene 216 - 217 omitted 216 218 int . central book - queen - night ( sep ` 98 ) 218 close on jordan' hand , at last in cuff . pan up to he , look none- too-please . jordan ( v.o. ) this one take the cake . it be rugrat , he would be bust down in Miami , and guess who the fuck with ? 219 ext . miami restaurant - night ( sep ` 98 ) 219 Jean - Jacques saurel be handcuff by fed as rugrat look on cry , handcuff nearby . jordan ( v.o. ) what be the odd ? there have to be ten thousand swiss banker in geneva and I choose the one dumb enough to get himself arrest on U.S. soil . 220 int . miami FBI office - night ( sep ` 98 ) 220 click ! saurel get he mug shot take . 121. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o. ) even more ironic be he would get himself indicted on charge that have nothing to fuck do with I . 221 ext . miami mansion - night ( sep ` 98 ) 221 rocky aoki , japanese , 5as , be lead out in handcuffs by a man in a FBI windbreaker . jordan ( v.o. ) something about launder drug money through offshore boat racing and a guy name Rocky aoki , the founder of benihana . 221a insert beni hana commercial -- 221a a smile Rocky aoki look on as a hibachi chef expertly dice shrimp on a sizzling grill . jordan ( v.o. ) beni-fuck -hana ! why would God be so cruel as to choose a chain of fuck hibachi restaurant to bring I down ? 222 int . saurel' bedroom - day ( oct ` 95 ) 222 saurel lay on the bed , smoking . jordan ( v.o. ) Long story short be saurel ratted I out , but not before he ratted out chantalle , who it turn out he would be fuck every time she go to Switzerland ! chantalle emerge from the bathroom naked . laugh , she run and jump in bed with saurel . 223 int . federal court - queen - day ( sep ` 98 ) 223 with he criminal attorney nolan drager , 40s , next to he , Jordan stand before a judge , be arraign . jordan ( v.o. ) I be indicted for money launder , security fraud and a endless list of other shit . * 122. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 hon . samantha stogel * ( leaf through a * subpoena ) * one count engage in conspiracy * to commit security fraud . two * count security fraud . one * count engage in conspiracy to * commit money launder . twenty - * one count money launder . one * count obstruction of justice . * ( give Jordan a * wither glare ) * bail be set at ten million dollar . the judge bang the gavel . 223a US attorney' office - move to 226a 223a * 223b int . federal court lobby - day 223b * Jordan walk with nolan drager , who flip through the * subpoena . * nolan drager * this be ... well , it 's not good . * it 's pretty bad actually . how * much money do you have , Jordan ? * jordan * I can make bail . * nolan drager * I do not mean the ten million , I * mean for legal fee . cuz if you * want to fight this thing , it 's * gonna be expensive . like , sell - * everything - you-own -expensive . * 224 ext . U.S. attorney' office - day ( sep ` 98 ) * 224 Jordan exit the building . he 's fuck and he know it . he see beautiful naomi wait for he beside a limosine ; life be not totally hopeless . he approach . jordan nay , thank God . I be so glad you be here . they embrace . he can not see she expression : she would rather be anywhere else . 225 scene 225 omitted 225 123. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 226 ext . jordan' estate - pool area - day ( sep ` 98 ) 226 on skylar and parker , play with a nanny and Rocky the dog . Jordan watch they , sit by he pool , drink a o'doul , weigh he option . donnie pop into the yard , in " uncle donnie " mode . donnie hey , everybody ! how're the happiest people in Long Island ? hi , Rocky !! ( join Jordan ) hate that fuck dog . jordan tell I about it . it 's get old , start to shit inside the house again . Jordan offer donnie a o'doul ; donnie decline . donnie how you do , brother ? how be the food in jail ? jordan lobster newburg suck . they give I some jewelry though . he show off the electronic bracelet around he ankle . donnie wonder if they get one in my size . fuckin ' rugrat , that wig -wearin ' hump . tell you one thing : I be never eat at benihana 's again . where 's naomi ? jordan Inside . piss . donnie see naomi in a window . he wave but she barely register he . donnie what 's up she ass ? jordan have to mortgage the home to make bail . probably gonna hafta sell it to pay my lawyer . if we fight this thing . donnie weigh that . 124 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 donnie the fed say anything about come after the rest of we ? Jordan think , then shake he head no . donnie ( cont 'd ) you know , we be all behind you . everyone at the office . ( he remove a envelope , hand it to Jordan ) we buy back you mortgage . all the founding partner throw in a million apiece . figure none of we would have it if it be not for you . Jordan 's profoundly touch . donnie squeeze he shoulder . a real moment of friendship . donnie ( cont 'd ) you gotta fight this thing , baby . Jordan nod . jordan ( v.o. ) like I say , loyalty mean a lot to I . without you friend and family stand behind you , you be fuck . 226a int . U.S. attorney' office - conference room - day 226a * ( sep ` 98 ) * Jordan sit with nolan drager across from FBI agent * denham , U.S. Attorney luca solomon , 5as , and Assistant * U.S. Attorney rochelle applebaum , 30 , humorless . * luca solomon * there 's a term we have around * here , we do not like to use it * often , only when circumstance * dictate . it 's call a " Grenada . " * inspire by we government 's * invasion in 1983 of the island * nation of only 90,000 people , * basically it stand for any case * we get which be pretty much unlose - * able . we could show up late and * drunk to court , fuck up left-right - * and - center and still we would win . * Mr. belfort , you , sir , be a * " Grenada . " * 125 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 rochelle applebaum * you be look at real prison * time . money launder get you * as much as 20 year . case * could not be stronger if we would have * catch you with you cash in you * mattress . * Solomon push a box full of evidence across the table . * Jordan eyeball denham . * luca solomon * read the discovery . * jordan * that you life 's work in the box ? * agent denham * Jordan , you rotting in jail till * you kid be outta college be not * we ambition here . you be not * the only one involved in all this . * we think that folk deserve they * day in court too . * nolan drager * why do I get the sense there 's a offer in the air ? if so , let 's * put it on the table . * luca solomon full cooperation . a comprehensive list of all coconspirator span the last seven year and he agree to wear a wire . jordan you want I to rat ? luca solomon * we want you cooperation in -- * agent denham * yes . we want you to rat . * 227 scene 227 - 229 omitted 227 230 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - night ( sep ` 98 ) 230 jordan * how be christy 's party ? * naomi * it be fine . * 126 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan * baby , I talk to the lawyer * again today . I have some really * great news . as it turn out you be * totally off the hook . * naomi * I know that already . * jordan * you never do anything wrong * anyway , right ? at the end of the * day all they really want be for I * to cooperate - that 's it . * see , apparently , I know so much * about what 's go on in the stock * market that I could save the * government year of heartache . but * it get 's even better ... you see , * if I cooperate I will only have to * serve four short year and any * fine I would have to pay would not be * due till after I serve my sentence . * we will still have plenty of money * leave over . the only thing that I * be kind of upset about be the * fact that I might have to give * they information about my friend . * naomi * like you say , " there 's no friend * on Wall Street " . * jordan * but there 's a silver lining to * that too ... it turn out that all * of `em be probably gonna * cooperate too . so in the end , that * will not really be a factor . * naomi * well , that 's really good news , * honey . I be really happy for you . * jordan * no , it 's good for both of we , nay . * naomi * yeah , yeah . * jordan * make love to I baby . make love to * I nice and slow . * naomi * no Jordan . stop ! * 127 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 230a int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - continuous 230 a * time CUT : Jordan be fuck naomi . it 's the best he 's * feel in day . while he 's lose in it , she 's lose interest , * go through the motion perfunctorily . * jordan * I love you , nay . I love you so * much . I have love you from the * first time I see you . * naomi * fuck you . * that stop he . * jordan * what ? * naomi * I fuck hate you . * jordan * what be you talk about ? * naomi * you do not give a shit about how I * feel . all you care about be * yourself . * jordan * that 's not true . what do you mean ? * naomi * you wanna fuck I ? Fine . fuck I * hard like it 's the last time . * jordan * hold still . why be you move * like that ? * naomi * go ahead , fuck I ! * jordan * what be you do baby ? * naomi * cum for I . cum for I , baby . like * it 's the last time . * jordan * you want I to cum , baby ? * naomi * yeah , cum for I baby , cum ! * 128. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 after a beat ... he cum . Jordan roll off naomi . they lie * in uncomfortable silence . * naomi ( cont 'd ) * Jordan , that be the last time . I * want a divorce . * jordan * what be you talk about ? * naomi * I want a divorce . * jordan * what ? what be you talk about ? * now ? after we just make love ? * naomi * and I want to puke . * naomi get up . * naomi ( cont 'd ) * I do not love you anymore Jordan . I * have not for a long time . * jordan * you do not love I ? be not that * convenient . now , you do not love * I ? now while I be under federal * indictment with a fuck bracelet * around my ankle ? now , all of a * sudden , you decide you do not love * I ? * naomi * yes , that 's right . * jordan * what kind of a person be you ? * naomi * you marry I . this be how it 's * gonna be. listen Jordan . I be * take custody of the kid . if you * agree to the divorce right now , I * will allow you visitation . do not * try to fight it . it will save we * both a lot of money and I have a * feel you be gonna need it . * naomi exit to the dress room . Jordan get up , follow * after she . * jordan * I have get news for you . you be not * take my kid . * 129 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 naomi * I already speak to my lawyer . he * say even if you do not get * convict I can still get custody . * jordan * my lawyer be more powerful than * yours . you be not take my kid ! * you vicious cunt ! * naomi slap Jordan . Jordan hit she back and exit . * jordan ( cont 'd ) * fuck you ! you be not take my * kid . you fuck bitch ! * CUT to : * 230b int . hallway - continuous 230 B * Jordan grab a pair of scissors and start slashing the * couch . he retrieve a stash of coke from the couch * lining . naomi enter the hallway as Jordan snort coke . * naomi * look at yourself Jordan . you be * sick , you be a sick man . * jordan * you be not take my kid . * naomi * you think I would let my kid near * you ? look at you . you know what my * lawyer say ? you be go to jail * for twenty year . twenty fuck * year , Jordan . you will be lucky if * you ever see they again . * jordan * oh yeah ? you do not think I be gonna * see my kid again ? oh yeah ? * Jordan head towards skylar 's room . she try to stop * Jordan . he knock she to the ground . * Jordan charge towards skylar 's room . * Jordan exite skylar 's room with skylar cry in he * arm . naomi start to pull herself up from off the floor * as Jordan race toward the stair . * naomi * put she down Jordan ! put she down ! * 130 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 Jordan and skylar descend the stair . naomi pull herself * together and follow . * 230c int . / ext . garage - night 230c * Jordan race through the garage door , slamm and * lock it behind he . * naomi ( cont 'd ) * violet , violet ! help I ! he 's get * skylar ! get the key ! * Jordan put skylar in the car . * naomi and violet desperately try to open the garage door . * naomi race into the garage . Jordan get in the driver * seat , lock the door and start the engine . * naomi beg he to stop . violet press the garage door * button . naomi grab a tool and smashes the driver side * window . * Jordan see the door close - he think " fuck it " - * slam into reverse , crash through the garage door . car * continue in reverse , crash into a concrete pillar . * naomi and violet rush to the car , pull skylar out and * bring she inside the house . Jordan sit as blood rush * down he face . * luca soloman ( v.o . ) * paragraph 1 . the defendant shall * plead guilty to all count of the * indictment currently pend * against he in the United States * District Court for the Eastern * District of New York . * 230d scene 230d - 230e omitted 230d * 230f int . U.S. attorney' office - conference room - day 230 F * off a " cooperation agreement , " we find -- * -- nolan drager , Lucas Solomon , rochelle applebaum and * agent denham all back at the conference table , read * copy of the same contract . Lucas do so aloud : * luca solomon * paragraph 2 . the defendant shall * provide information regard all * criminal activity of the * defendant and other from June * 1st , 1990 , onwards . paragraph 3 . * 131 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 luca solomon ( cont 'd ) the defendant shall participate in * undercover activity pursuant to * the instruction of the FBI , * include wear a recording * device , also know as a `wire ' , in * conjunction with the investigation * of security fraud . paragraph 4 . * the defendant must not commit , or * attempt to commit , any further * crime . * Jordan 's here , too , look miserable . he stop Lucas . * jordan * lemme just sign the fuck thing . * he sign the fuck thing . * 230g int . U.S. attorney' office - conference room - day 230g * Jordan sit alone , finish write a long list of name on a yellow legal pad . jordan ( v.o. ) for the next six hour , I come up with a list . Friends , enemy , business associate , anybody who would ever know I or take so much as a stock tip . the first name on the list be donnie 's . and as Jordan heave a huge sigh , we be suddenly ... 231 int . FBI office - day ( oct ` 98 ) 231 agent denham tape a recorder to Jordan 's inner thigh , run a microphone wire up he chest . agent Hughes * watch . * agent denham talk normally , breathe normally , within five minute you will forget you even have it on . Jordan nod , button up he shirt . 232 int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day ( oct ` 98 ) 232 wearing a suit and tie , Jordan walk in to the bullpen , where the broker spot he , give he a stand ovation . he force a smile , wave to the crowd . as Robbie and Chester ming look on , Jordan force a smile as he approach donnie , who give he a hug . 132 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 233 int . stratton oakmont III - jordan' office - day 233 Jordan and donnie sit at the coffee table over takeout sushi . jordan the trial will not be for month , so obviously I will be count on you to pick up the slack . donnie whatever you need , bro . you know that . Jordan reach in he jacket for a yellow slip of paper . jordan and you know how much that mean to I . hey , you know what I want to ask you ? Jordan catch donnie 's eye , push the paper over in front of he . jordan ( cont 'd ) the Steve madden deal , do he ever come through on that ? donnie look down at the paper , read Jordan 's write : " don't incriminate yourself . i'm wearing a wire . " jordan ( cont 'd ) remember he be suppose to kick back like four mile from that one account ? donnie uh ... tell you the truth I be so fuck up , I do not really remember anything about that . donnie slip the paper in he jacket , give Jordan a look -- " thank you . " Jordan nod . jordan well if you talk to he , let I know . you want the last yellowtail ? donnie why not ? jordan ( v.o. ) and thus begin my career as a government cooperator . I be a rat ... 133. the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 234 int . jordan' estate - master bedroom - day ( NOV ` 98 ) 234 Jordan lay alone , asleep in bed . we hear the doorbell . jordan ( v.o. ) but I be not lose any sleep over it . after a few beat , violet knock , enter . Jordan stir . violet I be sorry , Mr. Jordan . you get a visitor . 235 int . jordan' estate - foyer - day ( NOV ` 98 ) 235 Jordan descend the stair in sweat and T-shirt . Agents * denham and Hughes be wait . * agent denham I need you to get dress . jordan why ? what 's go on ? agent denham you be go to jail . agent denham hold up the slip of yellow paper that Jordan give to donnie . and on Jordan 's look ... jordan ( v.o. ) donnie azoff , my partner . my best friend . 235a ext . jordan' estate - day 235 a * a tractor- trailer be park out front as a group of * mover carry out painting and antique furniture under * the supervision of several FBI Agents in windbreaker . * jordan ( v.o . ) * after month of legal wrangle , * I be finally sentence to prison . * we see Jordan 's various car -- porsche , mercede , * Ferrari , BMW -- load onto a large transport vehicle . * 235b int . stratton oakmont III - bullpen - day 235 B * Jordan stand address he 700 broker . we see the * eager young face , hang on he every word . * 134 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan ( v.o . ) * I give up everyone , and in return * get three year in some hellhole * in nevada I would never even hear of . * like mad Max would say , the * chicken would come home to roost . * whatever the fuck that mean . * 236 int . federal courtroom - queen - day ( mar ` 99 ) * 236 sentence . Jordan 's mother be there , tear in she eye . * nolan drager * I hope you honor would agree that * Mr. belfort have distinguished * himself in term of he * cooperation in this white collar * fraud . Mr. belfort have help the * government win conviction over * two dozen serious offender and * help they recover million of * dollar to be make available for * restitution to the victim . * hon . raymond samitz * the sentence of the court shall be * 48 month in Federal prison . * ( pause ) * please remand the defendant . * Max roll he eye : Jordan 's so guilty it hurt . as * Jordan be lead away by guard ... * 236a int . stratton oakmont - day 236a * donnie sit in he office , hear something -- a small * army of FBI agent , lead by Agents denham and Hughes , * arrest half the office : Sea otter , Robbie , kimmie , etc .. * as the FBI clean house , donnie sit on he couch . * 237 scene 237 - 244 omitted * 237 245 int . subway - day ( mar ` 99 ) 245 close on denham , read a New York Times article on Jordan 's sentencing . he look satisfied with he accomplishment , until he look up ... ... and realize he 's right where Jordan say he would be : commute home on the subway , like any other piker . 135 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 246 int . prison van - day ( mar ` 99 ) 246 Jordan ride in back , stare out the window , think about all he 's do . the van stop as it arrive at the prison gate . jordan ( v.o. ) I be not ashamed to admit , when we arrive to prison , I be absolutely terrify ... guard ( o.s. ) belfort ! fuckin ' move ! Jordan leap to he foot . jordan ( v.o. ) I need not have be . 247 ext . minimum C prison - day ( spring 2000 ) 247 a tennis ball hit pavement and we pan up to jordan , in prison fatigue but play double with three other prisoner , all white middle - age executive type . jordan sorry , just out . what be that , forty - thirty ? as the game continue , Jordan serve , the camera pull up to see the whole prison yard : one group of inmate do tai chi while another have form a book club . jordan ( v.o. ) for a brief , fleeting moment , I would forget I be rich and live in America . black out . 248 int . HOTEL banquet hall - early 2000 be - day * 248 close on a movie screen : different interview ... * african kid * I watch he speak and what he say * be motivational about life . he * tell about life and how you can * be more rich . * chinese kid * he be go to teach we how to be * successful , how to set we goal . * 136 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 indian kid * I will build my future by use * Jordan belfort as my mentor . * mexican kid * choose what be good from he and * be a millionaire . * two hundred people attend Jordan 's " straight line * persuasion " seminar , watch a massive screen ( on which * this kide have appear ) . * on - screen : the " jb " logo appear , followed by clip of * jordan give seminar in different location ( see * addendum below ) , edit in with footage of loom * economic uncertainty . * then : a man with a mic step out ... * man with a mic * lady and gentleman , please join * I in welcoming to Auckland , New * Zealand ... Mr. Jordan belfort ! * big applause as Jordan take the stage , wave . this * might go on a while . if so , there could be title : * Jordan belfort spend 22 month in federal prison * and pay $ 100,000,000 in fine . * then : * his cellmate be , no fuck joke , Tommy Chong . * then : * since he release , he 's become a multi-millionaire again * as a motivational speaker . * when the applause finally die down ... * ... Jordan do not speak . instead he walk down to the * front row of he audience , study face . he pick one . * take a pen from he coat and offer it to he . * jordan * sell I this pen . * the Kiwi , embarrassed , take a moment , then : * kiwi in audience * well , it 's a good pen , it 's a * ballpoint -- * Jordan take the pen back with a smile . hand it to the * next person . * 137 . the Wolf of Wall Street buff revise page 3/5/13 jordan * sell I this pen . * as the next person try ... * we rake alongside he audience , transfix , desperate for * Jordan 's knowledge , desperate to be mold , to be rich ... * jordan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) * sell I this pen ... sell I this * pen ... sell I this pen ... sell I * this pen ... * fade out . * *