T h E m a T R I X R E L o a D E D written by Andy and Larry wachowski April 8 , 1999 fade in on : Dark cloud below the inky remnant of the scorched sky . we hear wind as we sail , like a glider , over the black atmosphere . we dive down into the murkiness , through the cloud , into the darker world of the dead surface of Earth , the desert of the real . the rotted skeleton of a massive city be sprawle everywhere . we approach a fissure in the Earth 's crust , and as we do , we hear the increase buzz of multiple hovercraft engine . Blue flash grow in intensity from the fissure . Radio voice , indistinct at first , grow louder as we approach the fissure . woman ( v.o . ) " six o'clock , 300 meter . we can not outrun them . " man ( v.o . ) " I know . can not tow this crate fast enough ! we gotta ditch it ! " we hear the voice as though we be listen to cop through a police scanner . the woman be niobe , the captain of the lead ship , sephora . niobe ( v.o . ) " can not , the core be still good . and they have get ' the one . ' " man ( v.o . ) " oooh , we savior . he’d better be worth it . " niobe ( v.o . ) " shut up and make the exit . hold on ! " the azure glow from the fissure be suddenly overwhelming . a tight convoy of three hovercraft explode from the fissure , travel nearly straight up , like a trio of massive locomotive fly into the sky in tight formation , link together by tow cable . the blue glow have be emanate from the overworked flare drive of the first and third hovercraft . between they , suspend by tow cable , be the dark , scorched , and slice nebachanezzer . they rocket upward , slow as they reach the top of the arc . niobe ( v.o . ) " woo-hoooh ! " the rush to the ground , pull up at the last second . the neb flail wildly between they . man ( v.o . ) " they be still on we ! " more vehicle fly from the fissure . a massive army of squiddie pour up onto the surface . int . nebachanezzer cockpit the neb be sling between the two hovercraft , with the cockpit face backwards . trinity , morpheus , tank , and neo , the former Thomas Anderson , crowd the cockpit . helpless , the landscape speed away from they , while a wall of red-ey squiddie speed to they . it 's be a mere two day since the realization of neous power and the defeat of agent smith . the slipstream whistle violently into the interior of the ship , and the crew be cold , tired , haggard , and stress beyond belief as they can only watch the action in they knock - out ship . morpheus be on a headset . morpheus " niobe , they’re close . " niobe " how many ? " morpheus " just a few . maybe two or three . hundre . " int . sephora cockpit niobe , as regal as she be beautiful , sit at the control of she ship with she co-pilot , a young female . all visible dial be redlined as they streak over the dark surface . niobe " you ’ve get a gift for understatement . " int . freedom cockpit the freedomus captain , a silhouette in a dark cockpit , be fly blind . his cockpit be awash in the blue flare from niobe’s ship . his lieutenant , a shadowy female figure , reach for the radar screen . as she do , we see she bare shoulder fall into view , a white rabbit tattoo be conspicuous . they switch they screen to the radar , squiddy right on they ass . man " oh shit , we’re screw . we gotta set down and emp ‘em . " niobe ( v.o . ) " too many ! " ext . freedom hull a racing squiddie reach the hull and latch on , strike up its cut laser and rip into the hull . int . sephora cockpit man ( v.o. ) " they’re on I ! shit! lose power ! " niobe’s Lieutenant , a muscular asian woman , circa , note something on a console . circa " multiple bogy close ! " niobe " no shit . " circa " from the front ! " niobe be grim face as she peer into the sky ahead . several object be close in fast . circa " be they - " she do not have time to finish the question , as the oncoming fighter launch a massive volley of missile . from afar , they look like dark irise surround by a corona of flame . at first , we can not tell exactly what they be , until they fiery trail rip straight at the sephora cockpit . circa duck as the missile harmlessly streak by . int . neb cockpit a massive swarm off missile blast by the cockpit . the individual warhead swerve at the last second , blow squiddie apart , or casting they to the ground aflame . int . sephora cockpit niobe breathes a sigh of relief . her lieutenant look back up to see a wing of hover fighter - ' defender ' fly past they ship . sleek , with huge blue flare from they engine , they be gunship fighter armed to the tooth with missile and laser turret studd the fuselage . niobe " they be ours . " defender one ( v.o . ) " hold on , folk , you be in for a little clean . " ext . the surface the wing of defender make short work of the squiddy . the half dozen cling to freedom be hull be pick off by well - place laser shot that turn the squiddy into curdle ball of slag . the squiddy that survive turn tail and run . int . neb cockpit the crew of the neb breathe a collective sigh of relief as they leave the scene of aerial carnage behind they . neo have be grip a oh-shit handle on the edge of the cockpit . he relax he grip as they escape be clear . they ship suddenly enter a cave , and start to descend . the blue wash of the ship show rock wall and pipe . the ship be slow down as they descend back into the earth . tank be shoulder drop , and he lean back into he chair . tank " we be home . " trinity " well , not yet , but we be in the defense screen . " neo " what 's that ? " morpheus " a concentric ring of defense that shield Zion . the fighter that just save we constitute the first ring . " niobe ( v.o . ) " neb crew , you can relax now . " morpheus " for the moment , perhaps . its still a long drive home . " fade out and fade into : trinity's cabin . at first we see only star twinkle , faraway diamond on a black velvet background . the camera descend through the darkness , to a sunset , dark blue , as if just after sunset . the artwork terminate in the metal ring go around she room . it 's a much more hospitable place than the rest of the dreary hovercraft . the article she 's collect during she time in the resistance dot the cabin . a unfinish sweatshirt sit on a loom . there be charcoal portrait of love one . softly light , the cabin sway slightly . the neb be still in tow . neo be sit against the wall on trin 's bed , with she curl up beside he with she head on he lap . Neo can n’t sleep . he stare at the wall opposite he . there 's a photo of the crew of the neb , san trin , in better day . smiling , laugh as they be seat around the table . morpeus , tank , dozer , switch , epoch , mouse . Neo stop on the image of a smile cypher . there 's a unknown asian man in the photo , look withdraw and a bit lonely . gently , place trinity 's head down , neo stand and examine the photo . she awaken . trinity " I will have to take that one down now . cypher ... " neo " who be this guy ? " trinity " who ? " neo point to the mystery man . trinity " that be ... I ... forget he name . " neo " what happen to he ? " trinity be sullen . " he do n’t make it . " neo return to the bed and sit down , disturb . trinity sit up , awaken . neo " be he like I ? " trinity nod . trinity " not you , though . like you . there have be other , Neo . " " be not you tired ? " neo " no . I have never be a big sleeper . " trinity " I know . I use to watch you hack without sleep for day . " he turn to she , question in he eye . neo " how many ' one ' have there be ? " trinity " that 's not the point . " neo may not think so . trinity " you be he . you’re mine . " neo " but what do it mean , to be the one ? " trinity " I do not know , Neo . we mission be to find you . " neo " so , now what ? " trinity " now , Zion will give we a new mission . " the hatch swing open . morpheus peer in . morpheus " we be almost home . we will need a detail . five minute . " he close the hatch and disappear . neo " do he ever knock ? " trinity " not on he ship . " CUT to : int . MAIN deck , neb the crew grip the bulkhead and fixture as the sway ship come to a rest . outside , the sound of hover engine fade away . tank unlock the main hatch , then jump as it drop , unpower , slamm into the tarmac with a resounding smash . CUT to : ext . zion tarmac the tarmac be a busy , crowded military airport , with hovercraft of different size spread across the lot . its house poorly light , house in a cave so huge the ceiling be out of site . crewperson run around , service battle - damage vehicle . munition be carte across the tarmac on robot roll rack . no one pay the neb and its batter crew any mind . nearby , the sephora and freedom be park . they engine shut down , and they power hatches be open . the crewmember be spilling out . niobe hurry to morpheus ' side , and he step toward she , smile , but they military manner be quickly restore , though they can barely contain they grin . morpheus " niobe ... " she shake he hand , the shake slow down . " M. " morpheus " thanks for the rescue . " they close for a kiss , when the freedom be captain suddenly jump between they . it 's choi - the neo 's suppose neighbor and hack financier . exhuberant and oblivious , he joyfully get in morpheus ' face . choi " brough , you we you ass ! we save you so hard core you do not even know ! " niobe smile at morpheus and fade back as booth shout he own praise . morpheus turn to he less - mature peer . choi " so , you think you finally find the one , huh ? another one ? " dujour , choi' lieutenant , push into they conversation , look offscreen . dujour " idiot , we help he find he . hello , morpheus . " choi " huh ? " he look at what she 's see . his gaze halt on neo . he 's concentrate on tank and he apparent girlfriend , who seem to be consol he . he turn to see choi and dujour , do a double - take , and he jaw drop open . neo " you ? " choi be quick to resume he cool . choi " in the flesh , so to speak . " dujour " welcome to the real world , Neo . I be glad you be here . " choi " what do you think , dujour ? should we take he with we ? " dujour " definitely . " choi " morpheus ? " morpheus turn from niobe and a Zion officer . he address trinity , glance at the other . morpheus " go on ship 's liberty . meet I in the Dead duck at 21:00 hour , drunk or sober . " ext . zion STREET it 's like a valley floor run between two gigantic wall of rock that be nearly vertical , come together in a elongate archway . carve into the street level be innumerable store and shop , above they , apartment and balcony that rise to the top of the arch . people flow through the street . they clothes be homespun wool , denim , and leather . dy and color be absent . carve into the solid granite wall , between home and around window and door , be intricate and beautiful carving . neo be lead down the street by choi , dujour , and trinity , and a few other rebel . the push through a mult - culti crowd of people , humanity melting into one race . choi " see , man ? this be home . this be the main street . one of ‘em , anyway . almost everyone be a fighter . sometimes , even the kid . they pass a outdoor workshop where youngster be assemble small machine . choi " we energy as a people be direct toward liberation . check it out , here be some newcomer . " a group of frail , buzz - cut androgonite pass by they . they look at neo , recognize he as one of they , a new comer . neo " where do they come from ? " choi " Energy plant we raid on we last mission . there be some survivor . " neo " how be they mind freed from the matrix ? " trinity " with difficulty . " dujour " if at all . " they step into a club , Dead duck . it 's a sailor joint . lot of wood , beer on tap , and rum . crewmember of other ship recognize the rebel , greeting they , as they eye Neo . they take a booth in the corner . the waitress arrive . waitress " welcome home , brother and sister . first day back ? " choi " yes , lovely . " waitress " on the house , then . four rum ? " trinity " make it eight . " the waitress smirk and leave . trinity turn to choi . trinity " any casualty ? " choi light up and take a drag . choi " two . sidewinder and left-right . " dujour " I can n’t believe cypher turn . bastard . " choi " he who lose faith ... " dujour " Neo , we monitor you fight . do you really gain enlightenment ? " neo shrug . neo " all I know be I kick smith’s ass . " choi " fuckin’ finally , Jesus Christ . it 's about time we iced that bastard . " dujour " yeah , we finally win against a agent ? " choi " I guess 1 ‘n 298 be n’t a bed record , huh ? " the drink arrive . tall glass of rum . choi hold he glass aloft . they raise they glass to toast . choi " live free or die . " all ( save neo ) " live free . " they slam the rum back , and slam empty glass on the table . neo can barely manage to sip he . neo " God , how do you do that ? " trinity " you ’ve never drank before . " dujour " not for real . " choi " you want to know what be the one mean ? " neo " what ? " choi " one drink and you’re toast . " dujour " Neo , you know what else you’ve never do ? " she glance at trinity , who fall back against the seat , turn to suppress a smile . choi crack up . neo " yeah . " dujour " yeah , you ’ve never do it . " choi " and virtual do n’t count , man , do n’t fuck count . " neo " well . I ’ll drink to that . " choi " here , here . " this time , neo follow the other and slam back the entire glass . he cough and sputter as he friend and bar patron cheer he on . " ext . MAIN STREET , zion the light be dim , and only a few late night reveler stagger through the street on they way back home . walk straight and calmly through the straggler be morpheus and niobe . morpheus " so , how do you like have you own command ? " niobe " it 's good . but try . the responsibility ... " they stop before the entrance to the dead duck . morpheus " you must be both mother and father to you crew . " niobe nod , and look into the bar . Inside , the crew be raging drunk and loud . niobe " who will you be now ? the mother , or the father ? " morpheus peer in on the scene and grin . morpheus " as long as they do n’t get out of line , I ’ll just be a brother . " int . dead duck neo be out of it , while the other be merely comfortably in the bag . he 's act like a kid who break into he fatherus liquor cabinet . choi " so , you go back in , and you two pull he out ? " trinity nod , herself in disbelief . neo pick he head up off the table . neo " kicked ... kick smith’s ass . " choi eye morphes and niobe come toward they . choi " hey , do you kick anybody elseus ass , Neo ? like morpheus ? " neo " morpheus ? yeah , I smack he around , too . " morpheus arrive just in time to hear the last part . he stand and grin down at neo . morpheus " so , you can smack I around , Neo ? " neo " oh yeah . anytime . " morpheus tap he on the forehead . neo blink and fall back into the booth . he stand before they . trinity " how's tank ? " morpheus " he’s on bereavement leave with he mother . dozer be the second son sheus lose in this war . " his comment set a sober tone . morpheus " the nebechanezzer be out of commission for at least a month . but , that 's not give we a rest . " trinity " let I guess . we ’ve be order back out anyway . " morpheus " yes . this be another special op . I ’m in command , niobe and trinity be team leader . Neo be we secret weapon . " flash to : neo , pass out with he mouth open on the couch . morpheus " we do n’t know exactly what heus capable of . he may be just tapping he potential , or he may have already reach it . we be to learn from he , as he do from we . " choi " why be we always get screw ? not only do I have to go straight back into the shit , but I lose my command , too ? " morpheus " you’ve be assign to this mission because you’re the best , choi . " dujour " yeah , and headquarters think you might be able to whine the agent to death . " choi " oh my God that 's so funny . my point be , do n’t we need some r-and -r ? unwind a little ? we lose two crew on the last one , you lose like five , right ? shit . I ’m glad we find Mr. invincible , here , but Jesus ... " morpheus " you do n’t have to go , choi. volunteer only . " trinity " he’s get a point , M. I have faith , but why so quick ? " morpheus " we have a chance , here , but the window of opportunity be brief . we ship say the matrix be already upgrade and re-code to block we entry . and neous . " choi " fuck . every fuck time we get another ‘one , '' this be what they do . " morpheus " he be the one . " dujour " you have n’t lose the faith , have you choi ? " choi grab a half - fill rum glass and swig it down . choi " well , this be the time that try menus soul . here 's to victory . " ext . tunnel the freedom hover slowly , silently , like a submarine as it cruise through the murky depth . it suddenly come to a quiet stop , and descend . the engine fade out , and the vessel rest , darken , on the cave . a quartet of squiddie slip by . we follow as they worm they way through the twisted passageway , watch as they pass the bubble cockpit by mere foot . freeze on the cockpit . within the shadow we see morpheus and choi at the control . int . freedom cockpit they watch the squiddie fade into the distance . morpheus " power up . sleep mode . " choi " aye aye , capitano . " minimal cockpit display turn on , and the cabin remain dark . int . MAIN deck the shipus operator , a lean asian kid with a gaze like a laser scan , sit behind neo , who' sit at the operatork console with he hand on the abbreviate keyboard . trinity sit with they , she foot up as she observe . neo stare at the screen . it 's a huge syllabus of matrix code character . he struggle to learn the complex code . neo " ka equal 9 . but reverse ka be point-nine , right ? razor nod . razor " you catch on quick , man . " neo " I know this symbol from the hack trainer . but how come it 's so hard to find they on the keyboard ? " trinity " you brain know what to do . but it have to associate character with you body . " razor " it 's muscle memory , Neo . think of the space bar and you thumb nail it . because you thumb have hit the space bar million of time . but think about reverse ‘ka , '' and you finger do n’t hit automatically hit the reverse key and the ‘ka’ key in one shot . " neo " where do this symbol come from , anyway ? " razor " most of it be from the old japanese . it 's katakana . see , the machine be n’t binary . no zero and one . they’re quantum -base , so instead of a open-close base of zero or one , open or close , they use all number between zero and one . " neo " all number between zero and one . that could be a infinite number of number . " razor " not could be , it be . " neo be astound . neo " Holy shit . how many calculation per second ? " razor " how many cps ? well , that 's kind of hard to estimate . put it this way : picture all the particle in the know universe . not just atom , but sub-atomic particle that compose atom . " neo " ok . at last count that be what , a gazillion , right ? two gazillion ? " razor barely smile at the joke . razor " well , it 's up there . in any case , the number of calculation per second the matrix can perform be great than the estimate number of particle in the know universe . " neo " woah . " trinity " that 's how they have the operate power to create entire world within they pcs . " neo " ok . that 's why it look like reality . they have the computing power to create entire world . " razor " right . " neo " so , if we hack into the matrix , why can n’t we just change the code while we’re at it ? " razor " no , no . see , it 's not that simple . the machine , the program that code , create , and maintain the matrix , the agent , they be code . there be different type of agent , many work unseen with no interaction in the matrix . then , there be the enforcer , the one we know all too well . " neo " right . " razor " well , my point be , the machine code and recode the matrix by pure will . interaction with the matrix , the physical act of be there , by default , allow people to change they environment - the matrix . they move object , make sound , affect cause . " neo " like reality . " trinity " almost . reality be unalterable . but the fabric of reality in the matrix can be rewoven . some can reach beyond normal cause . they affect on the matrix be deeper than average . they have learn to change it accord to they need . but they do n’t have total control . that 's why we need operator like razor here . but you , you go further than any of we can . " neo " how ? " razor stand and tap neous skull . he stretch , grab a japanese style wooden sword , and , out of boredom , start perform slow , precise kendo move around the main deck as he talk . razor " the equipment you carry up here . you’re a freak . a good freak . you’re neural kinetics blast past that of average human . this , combine with you ability to suspend disbelief , allow you to change the reality of the matrix . " neo " how do I end up as ... a freak ? " razor practice the same strike a few time . razor " good question . the machine create people through cloning , since , obviously , no coppertop have physical sex . theoretically , all clone in the matrix be exactly the same as when the first clone . they should n’t be any different from normal , homegrown . " neo " ok , so how do you explain I ? " trinity " not just you . morpheus , myself . we be all bear inside . neo " well , what separate we from other ? " trinity " for the past 50 year or so , something have be happen to child in the matrix . they ’ve be mutate , change in way the machine never predict . some seem to gain faster reflex and strength . other seem to have psychic power . " razor look up to see morpheus , hang back as he listen . he come forward . morpheus " and other be able to change the reality of the matrix itself . " he point to Neo . morpheus " discuss history , be we ? " razor shake he head . razor " I ’m try to teach this fool some programming , man . he 's stick in the 20^th century . he 's get no skill , man . without we , he 's helpless . " morpheus " in the matrix , without he , we’re helpless . " trinity " morpheus , can you tell we what the mission be now ? " morpheus " not until we reach broadcast depth . it 's slow go out there . I guess they know we’re come back , so they’re patrol . we have time to rest and ready . " ext . mountain top , late day ( construct ) trinity sit alone on the tip of a impossibly high finger of rock . it look like it sit on the rooftop of the world . all around she , as far as the eye can see , lie mountain . they snow - cap peak be pink in the sunset light . she look into the sunset . heavy thought weigh on she mind . a hand appear on she shoulder . it 's neo . how he get on the finger of rock be anyoney guess . neo " boo . " trinity grin slightly and pull on he arm . there be only enough room for one on the end of the rock , so he sit down behind she . trinity " do n’t lose you balance . " neo " it do n’t matter if I do . " trinity " so , you can fly . " neo " yes . " trinity " do you think I can ? " neo " I think you can do anything you want , if you believe . " trinity " like you ? " neo " I do n’t know . I do n’t know exactly what I can do . " trinity half turn . trinity " will you teach I to fly ? " neo " I do n’t know if I can . " trinity " free you mind of doubt . " neo stand , and step in front of trinity . he’s on the very , very edge of the rock . he extend he hand down to she . she grab it , and he haul she up . her eye dart to the ground , thousand of foot below the finger . trinity " in this construct program , the ground can kill . " neo " I will n’t let you fall . ever . " they look into each otherus eye . despite the trauma they ’ve be through , and not even truly know one another , there 's a connection . neo suddenly back away . he walk on the air with perfect traction , as though heus on a invisible plane of glass . he leave trinity stand precariously on the edge , wobble a bit as she maintain balance against nerve . she breathes deep , and look back up at neo , maintain she cool even as she eye the spectacle . neo stand a few foot away from she , completely at ease as the high altitude wind ruffle he hair . neo extend a hand to she . neo " it 's not real , trinity . you’re not stand there . step out . I can do it . you can , too . " with one last glance at the infinite drop , she steady herself and stare straight into he eye . Blue meet brown . breathless , she step straight out . she take one step in the air . for a breathless second , as she step off the edge , she be stable . when she take she foot off the edge , though , she sway , and she foot slip , as though sheus on a greasy surface bob up and down . she correct herself , try another step , sag further . trinity " shit . " she glance down , then lock eye with neo . then drop like a anvil . neo " whoops . " he dive down , shoot like a missile . trinity be calm , fall backwards , watch neo come for she . the rocky ground loom behind she . she make no effort to reach for neo as he draw close to she . he reach for she with all he might . neo " grab I ! " trinity make no effort to save herself , even as collision be second away . she stare at he intently . neo " grab on to I ! " seeing she be do nothing , he go beneath she and scoops she up , superman style . he barely accomplish this before he slow and settles onto the rocky ground . they be in a twilight glade shade by the mountain . neo " what the hell be you do ? " trinity smile slightly . her madness have a purpose . trinity " show you , Neo . " neo " show I what ? you nearly give I a heart attack . " trinity " I want you to know how much faith I have in you . " neo " oh . and this require act of insanity ? " trinity smile . she look he up and down . she move intimately close . " so , you really be superman . " neo " only when I ’m plugge in . " trinity step away . neo grab she shoulder and turn she to he . he attempt a kiss , but she turn she face , let it land on she cheek . neo " what ? " trinity look at he , then up at the sky . trinity " it 's not you . just , not here . " neo do n’t understand . trinity roll she eye . trinity " they’re watch we , you big dope . do you know how horny computer geek get ? " int . MAIN bridge choi , razor , dujour , and circa be sit around the operatork console , foot up , eat . on the screen be patchy image of trinity and neo stand together in the glade . it 's like they’re watch a soap opera . trinity and neo be look in they direction . on the interface chair , the body of trinity and neo lay supine . ext . glade ( construct ) trinity grab neo by the arm . trinity " over here . " she lead he into the shadow . int . MAIN bridge the voyeuristic crewmember collectively groan as the lover disappear off the screen and into the darkness . razor put he hand on circa’ S shoulder and sigh . razor " so romantic . " circa calmly pat he hand and remove it , hold it in front of he . circa " I ’m sure Mary palmer will appreciate you mood more than I . " ext . glade ( construct ) in the blue twilight shade , neo and trinity kiss tentatively , slowly , then quick as they give in to they feeling for one another . we move around they slowly , then pan into the shadow , a natural fadeout . int . office ( matrix ) agent jone and brown sit across from each other , a steel table between they . they stare at each other for what seem like a long time . there be a speaker phone in the middle of the table amidst neat stack of file folder . agent jone " we defeat be worrisome . " agent brown " as be the loss of we colleague . " they be both seethe with anger . agent jone grind he molar . jone " we can n’t defeat they . you see what happen . " jone " we have a backup copy of agent Smith ... " jone stand and walk toward the massive panoramic window . the city spread before he . jone " a backup be not good enough . we need to upgrade ourselves to meet the new threat . " brown open a large file folder . brown " he 's be rebuilt . but I have a alternate plan . why fight the human , when we can let they fight for we ? " jone " the terrorist have learn to bend we reality in way we cannot . this be the cause of we defeat . " brown " Mr. Thomas J. Anderson be not unique . over the decade , many human have develop ... technique for manipulate the matrix . techniques too primitive for we to understand . most never realize they potential , but all the one we’ve notice exhibit this talent be record here . " angle on the book as brown flip through . Street shot of people from all walk of life . Young rebel , corporate suit , junky , housewive . jone turn on agent brown . jone " do you have anyone in mind ? " angle on the book . it stop on a page dedicated to someone who look like neo , but with long hair and a extremely bad attitude . there be photo of he on a motorcycle with a blonde , photo of he drink with he gang friend . brown " Gregory lowfield . he exhibit the trait we see in Mr. Anderson . " manq voice ( o.s. ) " Mr. Anderson no longer exist . we enemy now be the one call ... neo . " angle on : the door agent smith walk in , grin . there be a new swag to he walk , and he hair be longer , tie back . brown " you ’ve be recreate . " smith flexe he arm , examine he hand , and feel he hair . jone " and you have more hair . " smith turn to he , examine the photo on the table . they lock eye . on the same wavelength , they transfer knowledge without speak . smith look at the photo on the table . smith " I know what you’re think . what we need be we own Neo ... " jone " if it 's possible . " smith " I ’ll make it possible . " we zoom in on the grainy photo of neo 's doppledanger . quiet at first , grow louder as it grow dark , we here the rumble and roar of motorcycle . ext . desert highway ( night ) far off in the distance , the glow of motorcycle headlight racing toward we . as we zoom out and focus in , they be already too close to avoid . they rip by we , thunder explosion and man and woman cheer . the pack of about ten biker and they woman do n’t wear helmet . they fly down the highway use both lane , drink and drive with total abandon . angle on the lead motorcycle , a massive , custom - make harley . gregory lowfield , Thomas J. Anderson without a desk job , without care , revs he bike and lock the accelerator . he hand he beer to the blonde who ride behind he , then , in one swift motion , jump up on he seat , lean into the slipstream . the feat be impossible . he girlfriend , chandra , scream at he as she grasp the seat and lower herself to the bike . chandra " greg , be you fuck crazy ? " greg " yes . but do n’t worry . " she cling to he leg as they barrel down the highway . they blast pass a darken cruiser . int . cruiser the cop set he paper down just long enough to catch a glimpse of the pack explode down the highway , with gregory surfing he bike . angle on : the radar gun . it 's flash 125 mph cop " Holy shit . drunk ass punk . " ext . highway gregory be face we as he drop back into he seat , take he beer on cue from chandra . behind they , the copus light flare up . gregory " oh boy . stop , stop , letus have some fun . " int . cop car we look through the windshield as the cop drive down the highway , call in he stop-vehicle report . he suddenly see something that make he slam on the brake . cop " Holy shit ! " angle through the copus windshield . the ten biker , with gregory at they center , be park in the middle of the road , look at he casually . " ext . road the cruiser come to a stop mere inch from gregory’ S leg . the cop burst out of the door . cop " what the hell be you do ? " gregory " we’ll tell you when to stop , little man . not the other way around . " cop " fuck . " he dive back into he cruiser , reach for the radio . gregory pull a huge silver .44 from he jacket and fire . the cruiserk antenna be blow off at the base , and the nine - foot whip flip onto the ground with a metallic clang . int . cruiser the cop be lie half - on the seat , take cover . the handset relay only static . he reach for he gun , but be freeze by Gregory 's voice . gregory " do n’t try anything stupid , man . I gotta bead on you donut-eate ass . " ext . cruiser the cop come out with he hand up . cop " whaddya want with I ? " gregory " I do n’t know . I just think i’d find out what you want without you shoot at I . so , what do you want ? " the cop be a tough one . Far taller than gregory , muscular and serious . cop " you’re all under arrest . " the pack explode with laughter . gregory walk up to the policeman and circle he , keep the gun point in the business direction . gregory " this be you lucky day , officer . we’re gonna give you a night off . " chandra walk up to he . seductively , she hand he the bottle of hard liquour . chandra " drink . " when he pause , gregory place the gun against he temple . reluctantly , the big cop start to gulp down the alcohol . gregory lower the gun . he and chandra return to they motorcycle . gregory " you never even see we , man . " chandra " keep the bottle . " they start they bike and be go , like ghost , into the shadow of the road . CUT to : ext . beach a campfire blaze only a few foot away from the high tide . a billion star shine overhead as gregory and he biker gang , include the cop , sit or lie around the fire . a few people be still awake , and one pick drunkenly at a guitar . gregory stand , throw a blanket over he shoulder , and scoops up chandra . they make they way into the dune . ext . dune gregory and chandra lie on the blanket , stare at the sky . inexplicably , gregroy hold a hand toward the sky . gregory " which one do you want ? " chandra " any one . it do n’t matter . " with he hand point lazily at the sky , a single star start glow stronger and stronger . it vibrate , then fade suddenly and come loose from the sky , and become a meteorite , burn across the sky . chandra draw closer to he , enrapture by he power . chandra " how do you do it , Gregory ? " gregory " I do n’t know . sometimes it feel like ... I ’m reach beyond the world . " he hand drop and he head turn . he sit up , startle by something . chandra " what be it ? " gregory hold up a hand for she to be silent . gregory " they find we . can n’t you hear it ? " chandra " what ? I do n’t hear anything . " gregory " we can only rebel so long . we can only push until they will hit back . " chandra " they ? the Men in Black ? " cu on gregory . in the distance , the faintest sound of a helicopter can be hear , grow louder . gregory " fuck ! get to the bike . " ext . campfire gregory burst over the hill , hold hand with chandra as they run . he’s only have time to through on he boot and boxer and grab he .44 . chandra be dress only in she underwear and Gregory 's leather jacket . gregory " wake up ! get on you bike and fuck ride ! " he gang burst to they foot . they scramble through the dune , head for they bike . a helicopter , see only by it 's massively strong search lamp , and the wind from its rotor blow sand everywhere , fly up and over the dune , buzzing the run pack , blow some off they foot . gregory mount he bike and chandra jump on back . with a wave of he hand , all the bike , he include , drop into neutral and rev into start . they headlight blaze as the helicopter return , join by another . chopper loudspeaker " this be the police , stop you vehicle and surrender ! " suddenly , automatic fire spark from the unseen helicopter . a bullet trail stitches its way across a pair of biker , send they to the ground as the helicopter fly overhead . gregory crank down on the throttle and he bike explode ahead . ext . highway the pack split up in two direction as the distant chopper circle back . gregory cut the light on he bike and follow the highway by starlight . int . helicopter cockpit tinny radio chatter fill the red-lit cockpit over the steady hum of the engine . the nose of the chopper point to the ground as it focus on gregory and chandra , who be rip down the highway . cu on the cockpit instrument , center on the airspeed indicator . the needle be push to the max , go through 150 knot . pilot ( v.o . ) " Holy shit , he 's outrun we . " CUT to : ext . highway gregory be paste down to the tank of he bike with chandra grip he for she life . the slipstream pull he lip open and tear streak from he eye as he bike redline in fifth gear . the helicopter grow smaller behind they . they break chase . chandra look back and see the light turn away . she scream over the wind and the roar . chandra " they’re go ! " gregory be stare down a dark highway . gregory " can n’t see shit . " he turn the headlight back on , just in time to see a roadblock of heavy duty military truck . in front of the truck be a sandbag wall manned by soldier . the truck be flanke by police car . and if one look closely enough , they can see a pair of agent stand to the side . the stunne soldier have time to fire off a couple shot as they run frantically to get out of the way of the bike , 800 pound of metal fly at 150 mile per hour . gregory plow into the sandbag wall , directly between two park truck . the wall part in a explosion of sand and sandbag . they ’re through , but the bike scissors uncontrollably , until it roll and we drop into bullet- time . as the bike go over , we watch from the side as gregory dismount , grab chandra as he step over onto the safe side of the bike . a massive shower of spark burst and trail the bike . it tumble like a bullet fall through syrup , and gregory keep walk over the rotate surface , use the bike to protect he and chandra against the flesh-ripp concrete . the bike be come apart as it 's bashed against the concrete . piece rise slowly into the air - the front wheel , the fork , the muffler , and a million flake of metal , until the body bounce into the air , carry gregory and chandra up . holding she to he - sheus barely conscious of the lightning - fast crash , gregory ride the fly body with one hand on the frame . it come crash down and back into real time . the bike' body streak along the highway . the spark fade as it slow , and piece of metal come clanging and bang down around they . they stop , crouching atop the body , with gregory crouching over chandra . the disembody front wheel roll past they . stunned , not quite understanding how or what he just do , he and chandra stand and start run . behind they be a blurry wall of red and blue light . police siren grow louder . they start run down the highway , then gregory yank chandra to a stop . gregory " Split up , into the desert , go ! " they split . cu on chandra . in bare foot , she sprint for the side of the road . the highway be litter with piece of the bike , and she stomp on a twisted piece of metal that impale she bare foot . she fall to the asphalt with a scream . gregory turn and rush back to she , even as a police cruiser be bear down on they , it 's V - 8 roaring and the siren impossibly loud . gregory drop to she side , only to look up into the blind high beam . he drop over chandra , duck he head and extend he hand toward the oncoming cruiser and we drop back into bullet time . the cruiser run into he hand and stop as though it hit a steel post . the hood crumple in the center , push the grill in even as the front quarter panel of the unibody continue around gregory and chandra . int . cruiser the engine smashes in through the console , push the cop apart as the glass windshield explode and they seat slide forward into the console , smash they like jelly . cu : gregory and chandra with he hand still on the grille , chandra and gregory remain untouched , even as the entire police cruiser rip around they . we drop back into real time and see the cruiserk body rip over and around they . the grille and engine block and part of the mangle transmission remain still against gregory’s hand . the cruiser be gut , like a banana shot down the center from top to bottom . it speed beyond they , silent now , flip and explode . the engine block be suspend a few foot in the air . it drop to the ground with a thud . gregory and chandra get to they foot and run into the early morning desert . cu : gute cruiser unbelievably , the driver be still alive ... barely . the steering wheel be smashed deep into he mouth , split he jaw open . wet , break choke emanate from he blood - fill mouth . his eye flicker , and just before they close forever , he body be seize by pain as he morph . ext . gute cruiser the crumpled door be knock out of the frame . we see a black loafer step from the vehicle and a man in a immaculate black suit step out slowly . we rise up from the loafer . as the other cruiser catch up to the scene of the accident , agent brown watch . he look into the desert . a police lieutenant approach brown . lieutenant " Sir , should we pursue ? " agent brown " withdraw you man and pursue the other . we have we own plan for this one . " int . MAIN bridge ( night ) the ship be quiet . razor sit at the operator console , smash the keyboard as he force tetris piece into place . int . cockpit choi be sip coffee as he nudge the ship to a stop . he speak into he headphone . choi " ok , try it here . " int . MAIN bridge razor halt he video game play and flash to a different screen . line of code come pour down the screen as he type , then hit the enter key with a flourish . the screen flash , and the familiar scroll of the matrix cascade down the screen . razor " Holy shit . " CUT to : int . MAIN bridge choi " what ? tell I you get signal . " razor ( v.o . ) " no fuck shit I get signal . dude , they’re change it . " choi be annoyed . choi " be you use the right pulse wave ? " CUT to : int . MAIN bridge razor " shut the fuck up and get back here . " the matrix scroll pour down at a streaking pace . it 's almost impossible to make out the individual character . choi come up behind razor choi " oh my God . what be they - " razor " they’re change the matrix . " choi " call morpheus . " razor patch into morpheus '' cabin through the headset . int . morpheus cabin it’s dark , but quiet classical music can be hear . he 's not in bed alone . niobe’s shade form can be make out behind he . morpheus sound awake , but look anything but . he grab the buzzing handset only a armus length from he . morpheus " I ’m here . " razor " Sir , you gotta get down here . " morpheus start dress as he talk . he put a reasurre hand on niobe’s shoulder . morpheus " proximity alarm ? " razor " the matrix , sir . the coding be go nut . " morpheus " be right there . " morpheus hang up the phone and jump into he boot . he turn to niobe as he work . morpheus " it sound bad . they’re readjust quick than we think . " niobe jump up and dress quickly . niobe " already ? " morpheus " it appear that they be learn they lesson . " niobe shake she head . " morpheus , how much be you go to tell he ? " morpheus pause . morpheus " tell Neo ? about he predecessor , I suppose ? " niobe , dress , nod . morpheus " he be the - " niobe put a finger to he lip . niobe " six come before he , morpheus . " morpheus shake he head slowly . morpheus " to I , none come before he . the Oracle tell I I would find the one . it be prophecy . you have n’t see what he can do . " niobe " what if they toughen the matrix code , like last time ? " morpheus " there be lot of if . how about this one : what if we lose faith in we cause ? " he disappear through the door , leave niobe stand in the dim light . int . MAIN bridge morpheus lean over razor and choi . morpheus " talk to I . " razor " not good , boss , I gotta compile a new descrambler . " morpheus nod . morpheus " do it . we’re at broadcast depth ? " choi " yes sir . " morpheus " we have to download we mission specs . move aside , I have to log into the mainframe . " morpheus take over razor seat . the scrolling code disappear , replace by the small word : zion.dtr1.mnfr4m3 logon . morpheus push the keyboard under the console so its hide from view . he tap at the keyboard . Hidden password appear on the screen in the form of : xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx . screen : logon accepted . welcome , morpheus . mission specs downloading ... downloaded logout complete mission type : infiltration / destruction target : matrix mainframe morpheus '' eye open slightly when he read the screen , but he regains he composure quickly . razor '' S mouth drop open , and choi start crack up . choi " the mainframe ? haha . it 's a joke , right morpheus ? be today April 1ost ? " niobe appear behind they . niobe " it 's not a joke . we have the one . we must do it now . " razor " but they’re alter the code already . I can n’t even read it yet . " morpheus turn and face they . morpheus " we have we mission , but it 's up to we to interperate how we’ll do it . " razor " morpheus , there 's more ice in front of that mainframe than there be in Antarctica . we’ll never cut through it all . " morpheus " you have n’t see the one in action . " razor look dubious , and turn to the screen . morpheus " can you hack in ? " razor pound the key . the matrix disappear , replace by he program . razor " get you in be no problem . maintain the input / output and help you be the problem . that 's how they kill savior number four , if I remember right . they cut the signal and trap he in there . " morpheus spin the chair , then stop it . they face be inch apart . morpheus " we do n’t speak of the past . " razor " Excuse I for drag up painful memory , sir . " he turn the chair back to the screen and continue coding . CUT to : neo he’s stand at the edge of some equipment on the Main deck . he 's hear every word . he round the corner . the other catch sight of he . the same think be on everyone 's mind : how much have he hear . morpheus " Morning . niobe , wake the rest of the crew . razor , what 's the eta for get we in there ? " razor shake he head . razor " I dunno . just gimme a hour , I ’ll probably have catch up to they . " morpheus walk up to neo . morpheus " come with I . " CUT to : ext . desert ( day ) from far away , we see gregory and chandra hide under the only bit of shade available for mile , a tiny outcropping of rock . we sail in and cut to a pan shot , scan over the harsh ground , onto chandra’ S foot , clad in gregory’s boot , up she sun-scorch and scratch leg . she 's collapse onto Gregory . he’s in equally bad shape . Gregory lean with he back against the rock , eye open and close as he drift in and out of sleep . gregory Pov he star at the horizon and the mirage of water reflect the jaundice yellow sky . in the shimmer distance , a man appear , but gregory’s lid shut and we see darkness . when he reopen they , the figure be more clear . it 's a man , dress in a black suit . even in the distance we can recognize he . we want it to be he . ext . desert rock gregory can barely come to he sense as the figure approach . chandra do n’t even wake . ext . desert we follow the figure at waist heigh as it approach gregory . it come to a stop just in front of he . ext . desert rock gregory be fully awake , but he think heus dream . he reach out and poke the black - clad leg of the immaculate man stand before he - a man who do n’t sweat even in the sauna heat . he look up , but the glaring sun obscure the face . gregory 's voice be raspy as he start to speak . gregory " oh my god. it’s ... the man . " man in black " I ’ve be search for you for a long time , my friend . " gregory lower he head . man in black " we need you , Gregory . " gregory " what for ? " man in black " to save we world . " gregory’s face raise , the man in black eclipse the sun with he head , make a hallo of hazy sunlight around a all - too familiar face : agent smith . gregory’ S head drop back down . he stroke chandra '' S hair . gregory " it 's too late . we’re dead . " agent smith " do you want to live ? " gregory " what for ? " agent smith " a better life for all . life for she . and for you , a chance for revenge . " gregory raise he head . agent smith grin . he turn away , and the desert landscape before they turn into a soothing , cool , crystal forest lake . Smith take a step toward it , then turn and extend he hand . agent smith " interested ? " gregory be mystify . speechless , he drag himself to he foot , hoist chandra , and step toward the lake . gregory " this can n’t be real . " he step forward , only to have the image recede . agent smith " you this , do n’t you ? " gregory " yes . " agent smith " will you help we ? " gregory " anything . " cu : smith extend he hand . gregory grasp it . he let go , and collapse into the cool shallow water of the lake edge . ext . lake shore the desert be go , replace by forest , though still under the poison sky of the matrix . gregory lap the water up , and pull chandra in , rub the water over she face . calmly , agent smith stand on the lake shore . cu : agent smith . the human be reflect in he perfectly still glass . chandra stir and awaken , though she do n’t seem to see smith . gregory , revitalize , look around at the miracle , and up at the mystery man . gregory " who the fuck be you ? " smith grin devilishly . agent smith " I ’m nobody . a Smith . what 's more important , be you . we need you , Gregory . " gregory stare . he pull chandra ashore and stand to look agent smith in the eye . gregory " first you try to kill I . now you need I . " agent smith " two year ago , Gregory , you parent be kill in a terrorist attack in the heart of the city . " the word spark something nasty in gregory . gregory " so what ? " agent smith " the terrorist be lead by a certain individual . " gregory " I know who it be . " agent smith " we need you to kill he . " gregory laugh he turn to chandra to check on she . she 's pass out on the smooth grass . gregory " what a bunch of bullshit . the whole government can n’t kill he , so how can I ? " agent smith " no one in the government can do what you can . " gregory " fuck you . " agent smith " I believe we have a deal . " gregory stand and put he face next to smith '' S " you know , I ’ve always want to fuck the devil on a deal . and this look like a once - in - a lifetime opportunity . so , fuck you ! " smith frown . gregory look he up and down . he’s get a few inch and pound on the smaller agent . gregory " what be you gonna do , little man ? you look for a trip to the fuck hospital ? fuck with I and you’ll be look for some plastic surgery , you - " smith deliver a chest punch that send gregory sailing back twenty foot . he tumble to a stop , cough , and stare in disbelief at smith , stand calmly at what seem like a impossible distance away . cu : smith . he remove he glass calmly . cu : gregory . he be stunne , but heus not out of the fight . not by a long shot . gregory " no man can beat I . " smith " bring it on , pussy . " pull back as he charge smith smith be ready to deflect the blow , but gregory dodge and bowl he over , barroom style . with smith pin below he , he slam he palm downward . smith ’s head dodge the blow that pummel the ground . gregory be scream as he smashes downward with the palm of he heel . every blow miss the mark . gregory " mother fucker , what the fu -? " smith buck up , throw gregory into the air . he flip onto he back as gregory return . the sheer force of he street - forge roundhouse knock smith around as he block . grow irritate at the untrained attack , smith turn a block into a palm-heel that hit gregory in the forehead with the force of a cannon blast . momentarily stunne , he step back enough for smith to perform a roundhouse kick . it 's like a helicopter blade , smash into gregory’ S head and send he to the ground in a heap . smith " ready to change you mind ? " cu : gregory he can n’t respond very well . blood fill he mouth and he face be mashed . a huge well grow under the loafer mark leave by smith on the right side of he face . smith crouch down by gregory smith " I can teach you to beat I , you know . " this interest gregory . smith " help we , and both you and she will be free afterward . " gregory stare at the ground , then gaze past smith at chandra . finally , he start to rise . smith offer a hand , and gregory take it . smith " you know it , do n’t you ? that there 's more to you world than what you can see , what you can rationally explain ? " gregory " yeah . " smith " I ’m go to teach you how to use the power you can n’t even imagine . but first , you need to learn to fight . " smith put he hand to he earpiece . gregory’ S eye close and he body spasm . he fall to the ground , breathless , and when he eye open , he stare up at smith . gregory " Holy shit . what the - " he stare at he hand . he sit up , and watch he hand , amaze , as he go through a series of block - punch . he stop and stare up at smith . gregory I know kung - fu . " smith grin . int . cockpit ( night ) morpheus and neo sit together . the cockpit light be dimme down , only the emp pulse button glow . outside the ship , in the dark mist of the underworld , patch of eerie phosphorescent moss glow on the wall . occasionally , a squiddie will pass over the darken ship . the two of they watch the deadly outside world . morpheus " we’re deep in they territory . " neo " I see that . " morpheus stare out at the night , deep in think . he turn to neo . morpheus " be you rest ? " neo " yes . " morpheus " you know now , that you have predecessor . " neo " yes . I ’ve hear thing . " morpheus " what type of thing ? " neo " that there be other , like I , who you think be go to be special . but they end up dead . " morpheus nod slowly . morpheus " it 's true . there be other . and I do n’t tell you right away . because you be not ready . " neo nod . morpheus " do this anger you ? " neo " I do n’t know yet . so much have happen so fast , that I can n’t decide whether or not I ’m angry , or dissappoint , or even if I should be . " morpheus " you should n’t be , Neo . you be the key in the oracleus prophecy . everything forseen to come to pass , have , except one thing . " neo " what ? " morpheus " the destruction of the matrix . " morpheus look out into the darkness . morpheus " you come be herald , and it be my destiny to prepare the world for you , and to baptize you by fire . but from here on out , no one know . " neo " can we ask the Oracle . " morpheus " not in this life . " neo be confuse . morpheus " no one have hear from she or she priestess since the day cypher turn on we . " neo be take aback . neo " but she must have know , if they come to she . " morpheus " perhaps she do . " neo shake he head . neo " I can n’t believe it . I do n’t know , morpheus , if I ’m prepare for this war . I ’m not a soldier . how , how be we go to win ? " morphue " for decade , we have fight force - on - force , in the real world , without a conclusion . now , after nearly a century of war , we’re at a standstill . the only way that we can see to win be by destroy they source of energy . we have to pull the plug on they . we must crash the matrix . " morpheus grin slyly . morpheus " remember , when I tell you , that I ’ll show you how deep the rabbit hole go ? " neo " yes . " morpheus " I bring you deep , yet I no longer know the way . no one do . with every second we sink deeper than before . you be we guide light , now . you power exceed mine a millionfold . I have show you the path to victory , Neo . lead we down it . " int . MAIN deck morpheus , neo , trinity , choi , and niobe be on the chair as they’re be jacked in by circa and razor . CUT to : razor jump in the operatork chair , he hand blur over the touchscreen and keyboard as he drop he crewmate into the matrix . morpheus ( o.s. ) " we’re go straight for the throat , people . " angle on : razor and circa type like make at they keyboard . razor hit the enter key . they look on , transfix with anticipation . the scream matrix code grind to a readable halt . the slap each otherus hand and continue hack . morpheus ( o.s. ) " we have the advantage of surprise . they will n’t expect we to return so soon . " int . abandoned warehouse the five of they stand , immobile , around a ringing phone as they mind filter in to they body image . they be dress practically in denim and leather , like blue collar worker . they dress would n’t attract the slight bit of attention , except for the padded coat and tote bag fill with firepower . int . MAIN bridge circa " keep you eye out for change , they’re modify thing . dial '' 0 '' for operator . " int . abandoned warehouse morpheus hold he celly to he ear . circa ( o.s. ) " and have a nice day . " he drop the phone into he pocket . they turn to he . morpheus " niobe , you’re the liasion to we operator . Neo , what do you have for a game plan ? " neo " where be the mainframe ? " morpheus " the metacortex building . " neo 's jaw drop . neo " what the fuck ? that 's where I work . " choi " and what do you think you be do there , write code for video game ? you be work for the man . " trinity " it 's true , Neo . metacortex employ human to write code for the matrix . " neo " I think I be work on a fuck database . " morpheus " they keep the leave hand from see what the right hand be do . that 's how a evil system can be make by innocent people . but , that do n’t matter . " neo recover . neo " how ‘bout this ? I just walk up to the metacortex building and blow it up ? " choi laugh . choi " what , by power of will ? " neo nod . choi '' S smile fade . he look to the other . choi " he 's joke right ? " morpheus shake he head . morpheus " we’ll fan out around the city , keep a eye out for you . if you’re able to accomplish this mission , we’ll phase back into the ship . stay in contact . if you lose you cell , contact a operator immediately . " ext . abandoned warehouse the five of they exit . they blend into the crowd on the street , anonymous and quiet . morpheus look back as neo , taller than most , head down the street . niobe pause next to he . niobe " what be it ? " morpheus shake he head . morpheus " what 's go to happen ? if this be it , right now ? the end ? " niobe " I can n’t even imagine . " he grin and start to turn . as he do , he profile match the profile on a wanted poster stick to the wall . it 's a dark , grainy picture of he , alongside photo of Neo , and trinity . poster : INTERNATIONAL terrorist morpheus glance at it , and continue on . ext . downtown STREET neo walk calmly , observe the people that filter by . Men , woman , child , all oblivious to they true nature . a dirty homeless whino , nose explosion red with burst blood vessel , be staggering along the edge of the crowd , unseen and ignore . somehow , he catch neous eye . homeless " spare a quarter , buddy ? " neo shake he head , but still stare . angle on the homeless . he mutter something , and reach into he shopping cart to open a garbage bag . it 's fill with twenty dollar bill , thousand of they . neo " how ‘bout a quarter mile ? " the homeless man be astound . as he stand , speechless , neo fade back into the crowd . ext . forest glade smith and gregory fight in the glade . smith be always one step ahead . he be a cruel sensei , and do n’t pull punch . but with every blow gregory take , he rebound and attack again . finally , just as he seem to be gain on smith , he take a rapid fire series of blow , and collapse to the ground , breathless and beat . gregory " fuck . " smith circle he . smith " pain be only weakness leave you body . when you be sufficiently strong , you will feel no pain . " gregory " tell I about what be happen . what 's wrong with the world ? " smith " get up and fight . " gregory get to he foot and take a stance . smith stare at he from a relaxed poise . he slap at gregory , who deflect the blow and take a jab , nearly hit smith on the chin . they circle . smith " the world be not for you . " he slap , have it deflect , dodge a blow . gregory " what do you mean ? " smith " you’re not human , Gregory . that 's why you do n’t fit in . that 's why you have certain power . " gregory take a swipe . they engage , then push off one another . gregory " what , be I from planet krypton ? " smith " not quite . but as human continue to evolve , some be develop capability beyond that of the average man . reality - alter ability . I have they . other in the Agency have they . and you have they , too . we’re all that stand between law and order , and a terrorist dictatorship lead by the one call morpheus . " they stop fight for a moment . smith " we need you to stop the terror . we need you to save we world . " it sink in . gregory be start to believe . smith " we need you , because you’re better than I . now push past you ability . you can turn you imagination into reality . see you hand strike I , see yourself overcome I . fight , boy ! " smith come at he , and gregory respond . they fist and kick be a fast , then turn into a blur . gregory can n’t believe he own action . smith miss a block , and gregory blow he backward with a chest punch . smith , recover , look up . gregory look around . chandra be go . gregory " where be she ? " smith stand . from behind he back he produce a baseball size glass ball . he toss it to gregory . smith " here . " gregory look in the ball . it 's a window to a apartment overlook the city . chandra be in bed , waking up . smith " she do n’t remember we encounter . she 's fine . do n’t worry . " the ball disappear . smith put he hand to he earpiece . int . office build agent brown be stare down at the ground . across the STREET , neo be walk toward he building . brown " he’s back . " ext . forest glade smith " I ’ll be there . execute the defense plan . " smith turn to gregory . smith " come with I . but only watch . you’re not ready to engage in a fight with the enemy . " gregory " why not ? " smith " because if you have n’t defeat I yet , you will n’t defeat they . " smith snap he finger . ext . rooftop gregory find himself alone on the top of the makarao hotel , overlook metacortex plaza . ext . STREET the metacortex building stand across the street . neo have be along this road a thousand time , but in another lifetime . neo raise one hand , palm point toward the building . CUT to : neous Pov : the building be a massive tower of glow shimmer energy , no more real than a three - dimensional polygon . ext . build rooftop morpheus and niobe stand atop a building a few block away , look toward the metacortex building . angle on neo he fix he gaze on the building , then lower he head and close he eye . the building tremor slightly , like a heat mirage . slowly , it start move downward . angle on : the first level . the exterior glass disappear , vaporize in a million crystal shard that melt into the air , expose the hive of office cubicle and corridor within . the wall , desk and cubicle vaporize , leave a few hundred people - office worker , security , maintenance man , stand with nothing between they . the massive load bear member vaporize . CUT to : the bottom of the building . one can look straight through the entire building . we go through the empty building , pass daze people , until we pass out the other side , and come to neo . he look up . the office building be support by nothing . slowly , it descend on the stunne people . they rush , scream , some laugh in hysteria , before the ceiling can come down on they . the last few flee just before the ceiling touch the ground . the second floor melt away just like the first . ext . build rooftop niobe and morpheus stare on in amazement as the building collapse , floor by floor . niobe " he 's do it . " morpheus " I know it . " ext . STREET choi and trinity look up in the air at the roof of the metacortex building , stand beyond a block of building . it sink toward the ground as a flood of people come scream around the corner . choi " it can n’t be this easy . " trinity " it 's not over yet . " manq voice ( o.s. ) " not by a long shot . " cu : trinity’s face . someone plant the barrel of a silver Desert Eagle .45 against she temple . trinity whip she head backward as it fire . we drop into bullet time as the flame and concussion blossom in front of she face , rip she sunglass off as she drop backward , pull a pair of mac - 10 uzis from under she jacket . the manq voice belong to agent brown choi turn , pull a short weapon from under he coat . it 's boxy , with a short barrel the size of a soda can . he plant it in the small of brown '' S back and pull the trigger . a cone of FIRE burn straight through brown , blow steam , flame , smoke , vertebrae , and viscera out a massive hole in he stomach . cu on the weapon . it recoil on tension coil , discharge a shell the size of a 12 - ounce soda can . real time what remain of brown fly forward . choi help trinity up and the retreat into the building and take cover under a window . through the window , we see military truck , fill with troops , charge down the street , toward the metacortex plaza . after the truck come rumbling , black - paint m1a2 abram tank . a black apache helicopter fly over the convoy . choi look through the window as he reload he hand cannon . choi " Holy fuck shit . " trinity " we ’ve stir up the hornetus nest now . " int . metacortex office agent smith and jone stare down into the plaza . the building shake slightly as it descend . from the three street that enter the plaza , military vehicle pour in . hundred of troops discharge and form a l-shape circle around neo . tank rumble in , and the apaches whirl to a hover . panick civilian rush out of the kill zone . neo stand calmly , continue he work . ext . rooftop morpheus and niobe stare from the rooftop . ext . metacortex plaza the air rumble as the building continue to gently collapse . the sky flash , and massive streak of lighting blast across it like crack in reality . cu : soldier they line they weapon on neo . they be nervous private " this be impossible . what 's go on ? " sergeant " just keep he in you site , soldier . " int . tank turret cu : tank gunner he eye be glue to the tank site and he trigger finger on the fire button . Pov : tank site the green crosshair sit on neous chest . cu : neo his eye open , but the building continue to collapse . he stare up at a mirrore window , and somehow , straight into the eye of : cu : agent smith smith " open fire . " a wall of flame and finger of tracers burst from the skirmish line . the tracers grow into a cone of orange flame bear down on neo as we drop into bullet time . the bullet sizzle as tracers burn off they back . the draw toward he like slug . thousands of bullet fire at perpendicular angle close in on he . as they draw close to one another along almost perpendicular path , they tinkle and chime and bounce . the bullet come to a stop , glow as they tracers back continue to burn . the world be in stop motion as the bullet stop , turn 180 degree , and suddenly accelerate back at they origin . faster and fast they fly , until we drop back into real time . the skirmish line of troops be rip apart by a hail of they own bullet . cu : machine gunner . with a m-249 saw , he blaze away at neo , only to be shred by he own bullet . a private take a shot at neo , and a bullet slap into he shoulder . realizing what 's happen , he drop he weapon . the soldier be drop like fly . the fire quickly subside . neo stand alone in the center , unharme . he turn to the skirmish line . the survive soldier drop they weapon , and run . panic ensue . only a few officer , ncos , and soldier too amaze to think of run remain . int . helicopter cockpit neo be target on a lcd screen . pilot " Fox one . " ext . helicopter wing cu : agm-65 hellfire ground-to-air-missile the missile drop from its release claw and ignites , accelerate off screen . Pov : hellfire nose cam the missile fly horizontally over the plaza , then pitch up , and back down at neo . he look at it , and at the last second the nose go back up . ext . plaza the missile swoops up over he , leave he in its exhaust smoke . Pov : hellfire nose cam the missile bank , pan across the city , until it lock onto the helicopter from which it originate . int . helicopter cockpit the missile bear down the chopper . cu : pilot he’s too stunne to move . mouth agape , he can only watch as : ext . helicopter it’s blown to fiery piece , and come tumble down , landing on the street as soldier and civilian flee . int . tank turret tank commander " Fire ! " the gunner pull the trigger . ext . m1a2 abram we drop into bullet time as a cone of fire - bigger than the tank and the shape of a pine tree , blow out of the barrel , push the tank back . from the fire streak a heat round , white hot , leave a laser like tracer as it bear down on neo . real time the tracer stop in front of neo , and out of the air the heat round appear . suspend in air , it shake with violence . it accelerate backwards , fly straight back into the tank barrel . int . tank turret the gunner scream as the breech explode , block we view . ext . tank the tank explode like a 60 - ton hand grenade , plow soldier onto they face , consume the unlucky one close to it , and throw the 30 - ton turret straight up , 10 yard into the air . it rotate , aflame , and come crash down on a nearby commander and he radio man . int . metacortex office the explosion shake the building . the scene below be a complete route . Black smoke billow up from the flame wreck . the remain tank be n’t retreate - the crew be pile out and run . the Apache helicopter turn tail and run . agent jone " the plan be not work . " agent smith " no shit . " agent brown enter the room . agent brown " what about you protégé ? " agent smith " he’s not ready yet . I ’ll deal with this myself . " agent jone " you can n’t beat he . " agent smith " I ’ve be alter . I ’m Smith , 2.0 . " agent brown and jone look at one another . cu : smith he clenches he tooth , as though heus gird himself for something . smith " kill the other . I ’ll take care of this . " int . MAIN bridge razor be at he operator chair , surround by console . some of the matrix code screen be in blue , other in red , at least one in green . the code on the green screen start pour down at a incredible rate . razor " fuck . " he hit something on the keypad . ext . roof morpheus answer he phone . int . MAIN bridge razor " they’re about to pull something . Processing power be pour into the agent program and they’re lock onto you 3 - D grid displacement . ext . roof morpheus " send through ghost to confuse they lock . " razor " get it . " int . MAIN bridge the ghost program be load . we see 3 - D image of morpheus and the other flash across the screen . int . office build smith stand alone , he comrade have disappear . the glass before he shimmer . ext . office the mirrore glass of smith’s office waver , then explode towards we . smith jump , and we pan down to follow he descent . he smack into the pavement on he foot in front of neo . ext . metacortex plaza smith stand , face neo , about two fight distance away . neo 's concentration be break . the metacortex building come to a shudder halt . neo " you’re back . " cu : smith he nod . neo " and you have a ponytail now . " as we concentrate on neo , and he concentrate on smith , we can see more black suit march up behind he . neo attack smith . smith back away slowly , block against a lose battle and take hit . meanwhile , the men in black converge on neo . just as neo land a smash blow on smith '' S chin , three voice at once shout : " hey ! " neo turn , and smith push he hard in the opposite direction to face : three smith ! they attack at once , one go low and hard with a knee break sweep kick , the other punch neo in the face , and the third break to the side and put he toe into neo 's stomach with a vicious side - kick . they attack be in perfect synch , eight arm and eight leg work like clockwork , strike they target without get in the way of each other . the attack slam neo back , right into the first , bloody smith . neo slam into he shove arm , and stop as though he back into a brick wall . agent smith grab he and hold he in a full nelson , expose he to he three copy . the copy shift position and attack again . two stand together , leave shoulder to right , and with they combine arm slam neo in the face , then step apart as the third come in . the third grab the shoulder of the other two and flip , walk he loafer up neo 's body , and kick he from below , right up into the chin of he jaw ! it snap neo 's back with a spray of blood . ext . rooftop morpheus and niobe stare on as the fight rage . morpheus grip the edge of the brick wall edge . the stone crumble under the tension . morpheus " we can only watch . " ext . plaza the assault on neo continue . he struggle , unable to concentrate long enough to find a way to fight back . int . MAIN deck razor bang away at the keyboard . razor " four fuck agent , no wonder so much processing power be devote to they . " ext . roof a bird fly by niobe and morpheus slow its flight , slow its flap , and freeze . cu : morpheus . a pink lightning bolt freeze as it streak across the sky , sealing the world light in a a light rouge . ext . CITY STREET near the plaza , panicked civilian slow , and fall to the ground as though they’re pass out . int . MAIN deck razor stare at the data pour down the screen . razor " no goddamn way . " his headphone chime . razor " Operator . " ext . roof morpheus be on the phone morpheus " what the hell 's go on ? " int . MAIN deck razor " they’re put all the coppertop to sleep . they froze the matrix . " morpheus " why ? " razor " all processing power be be re-diverted to the agent program . " niobe stand at the edge of the building and point down . niobe " morpheus , look ! " down on the ground below they , there 's a swarm of agent smith ext . STREET the pass - out people stand , and one by one , morph into agent smith . it happen over , and over , until dozen , then hundred , be march on the plaza . ext . plaza neo reach back and put he hand on either side of smith '' S head . as heus be pummele from the front , he squeeze and scream . his scream be mix with smith’s . the agent head deform as we’re hear a sicken crack . suddenly , the body revert back to that of the original owner , a security guard , and the head simply explode . the hold break , neo stumble back over the body , with the three smith in pursuit . he somersault , come up on he foot , and jump to the leave , put one Smith in front of the other two . he attack , he kill blow destroy smith , smash through he block . he fall , and neo take on the other two , give a kick jump that knock both of they away in one shot . as he come down , a wall of smith’s converge from all side . they stop , leave a circle around he . we pan back to view a sea of black - suite smith flooding the plaza . cu : neo as he hand pass over he face , it be refresh , anew , perfect again . he survey the wall - to- wall smith . smith talk with he voice , time a thousand . smith " neo , leave the matrix . you know not what you’re do . " neo " well , be that right ? " he turn to the metacortex building . it 's repair , grow steel girder and concrete skin . neo 's face darken . neo " no ! " reality shimmer as he anger strike out at the building . the top floor burn , and then explode . the explosion rip down the building , slow , slow , then stop . thousand of smith be gaze up at the building , concentrate on combate neo 's attack . ext . roof gregory see the building explode , and run . he smashes through a access door . int . stairway gregory hurtle down the stair , one at a time . ext . metacortex build the building be freeze , mid-explosion . ton of piece hang in the air , suspend only by freeze tendril of fire and arm of smoke and debris . the smith attack neo . they fight in a massive melee , die in mass . meanwhile , the metacortex building pull back together , the damage and flame disappear as time / space around it be reverse . CUT to : ext . rooftop cu : agent brown with he hand on he ear piece , he come out the elevator door , slowly . pistol draw , he look around the corner . morpheus and niobe stand there , they back to he . without hesitate , he advance on they , blast away with impunity . the body of morpheus and niobe be wrack by gunfire and collapse in a heap of bullet - ravage flesh . brown walk up to the corpse and kick one with he shoe . it shimmer , and then disappear , follow by the other . int . MAIN deck razor dial the phone . morpheus pick up . morpheus ( v.o. ) " yes . " razor " they’re hit you ghost . " massive attack of static burst on the line . razor " what the - " the line go dead . ext . rooftop morpheus look at the phone and redial . razor come through , he voice digitize and distort . razor " they’re cut come , get to the access point on laxe - " the line go dead . morpheus signal to niobe . they exit the roof as he dial trinity int . empty build choi and trinity hide in the shadow of a empty room , watch the battle . trinity '' S cell ring . she answer silently . morpheus ( v.o. ) " let 's go . laxe Three . " trinity " what about Neo ? " morpheus ( v.o. ) " we can do nothing to help he . we’ll only get in he way . " they leave the room . int . lobby gregory stumble into the lobby . slumber body lie everywhere , slump over desk , half - in chair , on the ground . ext . plaza he exit into the street . the scene be one from hell . under the neon sky , fire be freeze and smoke column hang in the air , still , like massive tree trunk . the battle rage and surge , a thousand smith pour onto one neo . all around , nearly cover the ground , be corpse , destroy body abandon by the agent . Men and woman , of all age and design , smashed , decapitate and break . cu : neo the smith overwhelm he with sheer number . neo be a blur , a human chainsaw now , crush or smash they all , but they crowd on all side . the body pile up as they fall , and neo find himself step up the rubbery mass of corpse . a few more smashed smith fall , morph back into they steal form , and neo be knee - deep in the dead . he can n’t take it . choke , neo struggle to free himself . smith climb up the corpse pile and drop onto he , pound viciously . neo stall , in shock , he eye lock with the lifeless blue eye of a woman he just kill . she look amazingly like trinity . perhaps for the first time , he be confront with the consequence of this war , and he mind seize as the smith pummel he . neo go berzerk ! scream and fight , he claw he way out and surge into the wall of agent . they throw he back , and he can n’t kill they fast enough . he leap upward , try to fly away , but smith cling on to he , and cling on to each other . ext . plaza neo struggle to fly , and as he do , heus pull a stalagtite of black suit , cling like iron filing on a magnet . cu : neo he face be wide with fear and shock . he can n’t climb anymore , and look back down at the mountain of agent heus pull into the air . his face clenches shut as a scream well from deep within he . he start to glow , and we jump back to see : a massive orange , spherical shock wave blast away from he body . it rebound on the plaza and throw body upward , even as it blast the smith away , leave he clean . everything slow down as neo , exhaust , tumble out of the sky . on he way down through the neon light , he pass body fly upward from the concussion . neo hit the ground , bounce , and lie still , sprawle , as people drop all around he , pile up , like satan’s snowfall . ext . alley ( matrix ) day the sky and matrix be still freeze . trinity and choi make they way along cautiously , leapfrogge from cover to cover . they pause behind a dumpster , and just before look out , there 's the sound of metal tapping metal , twice . trinity look in the direction of the sound . morpheus and niobe be stand still in the shadow , near the end of the alley . trinity and choi make they way to they . trinity peek cautiously around the edge . on the other side of the street be a phone booth . trinity " be it clear ? " morpheus " I smell a ambush . " niobe " I too . too quiet . " choi grip he gun and grimace . choi " too quiet ? the world be freeze . i’ll go first . " no one like the idea . real-time suddenly return . the lightning bolt in the sky suddenly re-animate , thunder out of existence , make the four of they jump out of they skull . the sound of the city suddenly flood back . on the street , people stir to they foot . everyone be confuse as to what happen . ext . plaza it ’s a sea of the dead . from its center , neo emerge , soak in blood , gag and gasp for breath . he stumble over they . shock and craze , he glimpsis the metacortex building . it 's in one piece again , unharme . he fall against a smashed corporate art sculpture . he pick a cell phone up from the ground and dial . neo " morpheus , pick up . " we hear nothing but static . disgust , neo throw the phone away . he fall against the sculpture and look up . come around the corner of the building be a group of agent and soldier . neo sink down , stare at he hand . he catch he breath and concentrate . the blood disappear , and he don the suit of a anonymous soldier in black . his face , too , seem to change . he stand and walk away . we only see he back . ext . alley - day they weigh they option . finally , morphue give the nod to choi . morpheus " go . " choi check he ammo and put he gun under he coat . there be lot of people on the street now . everyone’s in shock over what happen , and the column of smoke rise from the center of the city . choi " and remember , kid , when you’re in a war , never volunteer yourself ! " he walk out onto the street , eyeing the phone booth and everything else . a gorgeous asian businesswoman stumble into he . recognition light up she face and she stop he . woman " choi ? oh my God , I have n’t see you for month . " choi keep look around , make he way to the booth . " oh yeah , sorry about that . " she turn angry . " sorry about that ? what kind of a asshole be you ? " ext . alley ( matrix ) - day trinity be look around the corner . she pull back into the alley . trinity " casanova just run into a old flame . " ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day woman " no . fuck you , choi , you just think you can come and go when you please ? " choi be ignore she now , walk straight for the phone booth as she be have a fit . tear be welling in she enraged face . " choi , if you have one shred of decency , if you even care about I - " inexplicably , choi hang he trench coat on the side of the booth . stand behind it , he reach around with he arm , keep the coat between he body and the phone . the woman do n’t even notice the web of gun harness and what look like a ton of ammunition cover the inside of the jacket . woman " - you’ll tell I why you do n’t call , why you , you , what be you do ? " choi " the jacket stop fragmentation . sometimes they bomb the phone . kiss I for luck . " he grab she to he and thrust he mouth onto hers . cu : phone his hand grab the phone . we hear the dialtone , and he mash down one of the number of the keypad . the number tone rise in pitch to a crescendo . we pull back and : the booth explode . choi and the woman be bowl over by the flame . ext . alley ( matrix ) - day they take cover from the blast as people all over the street be knock flat . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day the phone booth be obliterate . miraculously , choi and the woman be still under the cover of the jacket . throwing the smoking jacket off they , choi scream in agony as he grasp the smolder stump of he right shoulder . the arm be history . the woman look on , she eye as wide as dinner plate . shake , she fall back , still stare . choi " you be n’t lucky . " morpheus , niobe , and trinity rush to he , pick he up on he foot . choi be scream and laugh . someone grab he smolder coat , drag it along . choi stare at the ex-flame as they cart he away . his eye be crazy . choi " you still want I to call you ? ha ha ha ! " as they struggle down the street , choi start to walk more on he own . people run from the scene , scream . cu - the four of they . morphue look at something off - screen and frown . he pull to the leave . morpheus " this way . " tank and troops be fill into the street ahead of they , come from around the corner . they turn onto a different street . this street , too , be fill with troops . worse , it 's be lead by agent brown . niobe " tank , or agent ? " trinity " tank . " choi " yeah , tank a lot . " they break . choi stand on he own , and they run back onto the street with the tank . cu : tank three abram stop in the street . they turret swing into place with terrifying quickness and precision . at once , they open fire with they main cannon and machine gun . FIRE flowers blaze from the death machine , send a typhoon of lead down the street . troops file between the tank pull they triggers and do n’t let go . everything in the street be shred and blow away , as though it be hit by a high - power pressure hose . with unearthly speed , everyone break for the side of the street , except for choi . he stand amid it all as the tracers come closer to he body . he raise he machine gun with he good arm , and lay into the enemy . tracer round kick away from he gun , rip straight back into the wall of soldier . his round deflect off the slope armor of the tank , recoil pile into the flesh of troops . he rake he fire into the enemy body . cu : choi tracers zoom in on he . a tank round blast by , and the wall of air kick he to he side . he continue to fire even as a bullet , follow by another , blast through the middle of he body . more and more bullet smack into he , blast chunks of meat and viscera out the back . ext . STREET ( matrix ) day trinity and niobe take one side of the street , run and shoot simultaneously . they reach the building on the side and niobe go straight up the façade of the build , as trinity jump from cover to cover , cart wheeling through tracer fire and bullet . on the other side of the street , morpheus go straight up the building façade and start run sideways , completely defy gravity , fire downward at the soldier . cu : choi he will not fall , and a hose of lead drill into he , take he body apart piece by piece . bullet take away piece of he head , neck , and torso , and in one final wave of fire , he be disintegrated , leave he machine gun , barrel smoking , spin in the air , fire still . the arm be still attach and finger clenching on the trigger . it be the last piece of choi to fall . morpheus climb as he run . in mid-stride he change magazine and stop , stand on the wall , he body parallel to the ground . on the other side of the street , niobe stand on the wall , blaze at the mass of troops with two gun that never cease . there be no cover and no reprieve from the double death from above . most be still fire down the street , or over toward trinity . trinity run up the side of the street . her gun go empty and she dive behind a stoop as a squad of soldier blaze away at she . cu : soldier in slow motion , he pull a spoon from a grenade . somehow , the metal ring reach trinity '' S ear . cu : trinity she slap a magazine into she pistol , pull the action and come out from under cover just enough to see the soldier release the grenade . she fire , hit the grenade . it explode directly over the group of soldier , flatten they to the ground . a bullet smack through trinity’ S wrist , and the hand come off , pop like the head off a dandelion . blood spurt from the severe artery , spraying the hand , with the pistol still in its grip . above the STREET , morpheu and niobe leap for one another . they catch each otherus arm , fifty foot above the survive enemy , and spin in place , fire away . the tank commander in they copulas blast upward with they machine gun , but the round miss the spin couple . morphue and niobe concentrate on the commander , and cut they down . they land amidst the carnage . trinity emerge , shake , press she coat to she arm . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day the other end of the street fill with soldier , and agent brown . cu : agent brown he survey the scene , and immediately draw and fire , run full bore for the rebel . morpheus , niobe and trinity be too close to the tank to be fire on , but the nearest one lunge at they . they climb up over concrete stoops and over the side of the tank . they sprint down the street as the tank turn they turret behind they , search . morpheus " the garage , hurry ! " they dive behind a corner as a tank fire . morpheus throw the woman forward as the tank round hit the edge of the building , blow the concrete and brick wall into a massive cloud of powder . perhaps a ton of rubble fall on morpheus’ leg . he drag himself forward . niobe and trinity grab he arm and haul he out of the rubble . niobe shoot the lock off a steel door , and they pile into the building . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day agent brown and he man rush into position around the building the rebel be hide in . suddenly , a unimaginably powerful engine start , and as we stare at the garage door , it explode outward . a jet-black , hype countach explode out onto the street , tire literally on fire as they throw up smoke . it cut through a few soldier , hit they in the knee , as it rip up the street , the throttle go way too high . int . countach ( matrix ) - day the street scene spin before they . trinity be at the wheel , a break and dusty morpheus sit next to she . the tach be redlining as the car rip up the street . pedestrian dive for cover . trinity hold she wounded hand to she chest and drive one-hand . " shift . " morpheus do so , and the tire squeal again when she release into second , then third . in a few second they’re over 60 on the busy street . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day Soldiers pick themselves up just in time to hear another engine - a super powerful track bike , emerge from the burnt rubber smoke screen . a wheely bar on the back of the bike keep it from flipping around the rear tire as it accelerate like a bullet out of a barrel . there be n’t even time to take a shot until sheus go . int . countach ( matrix ) - day they rocket up the entry to a highway , rip past car by drive up the breakdown lane . once they hit a straightaway trinity floor it , and the speedo creep up past 130 as they dodge in and out of car . morpheus grab he twisted , fold leg . he be literally pour into the seat . concentrate , he face knotting in pain , he straighten the break , fracture leg . he close he eye and concentrate . the leg reform into straight , strong limb . morpheus grab the wheel . morpheus " keep you foot on the gas . heal thyself . " trinity pull she bleed wound from she arm . her face tighten , and she close she eye , fervently concentrate , shutting the world out , which be good , as they suffer constant close call as morpheus control the wheel from he awkward spot . when she open she eye again , she grab the wheel . with both hand . morpheus pull out he cell and try the line . it 's still full of static . trinity " any luck ? " morpheus " none . they ’ve kill city - wide comm . " trinity " then the agent be out of touch with each other . " morpheus " they can n’t track we , but that give they more time to destroy we exit , and find the neb . we’ll try the desert . Communications might be work there still . " trinity " what about niobe ? " morpheus " she know to meet we there . " ext . highway ( matrix ) - day niobe 's bike sizzle down the highway , insanely lane split at over 100 mile per hour . the wheely bar be fold up against the rear wheel . a dual stream of vehicle spit by she like giant machine - gun bullet . she zoom out of view . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day gregory slow from a run . he look back as police car and ambulance race toward the metacortex building . he can n’t shake what heus just witness . he look forward , only to run into : agent smith gregory freeze , then burst into question . gregory " what the fuck just happen ? " smith " we need you , Gregory . will you help we stop this ? " gregory be perplex . resolve come over he face . gregory " I can stop this ? " smith " yes . " gregory " alright . but how can I fight he ? " smith " I will give you the power you need . " int . apartment build ( matrix ) - day the building be old , crumble , and inside paint a horrid green that no sane person could find attractive . the humble place be home to the ORACLE . neo exit a elevator . recompose and dress normally , he walk up and down the hall , try to remember which apartment she live in . a tall black woman , one of the oracleus priestess , come out of the stairwell and recognize neo . priestess " Neo . " he turn and look at she . she smile , but as Neo look at she , a flash of uncertainty , and maybe hate , fly across she face before the smile return . priestess " the Oracle be anxious to see you . " neo follow she into the familiar apartment . the window be cover , and neo and the priestess be the only one there . the priestess move into the dark kitchen . neous eye adjust to the darkness . he hear something squish as he step , and look down . the tatter rug be a swamp of dark , congeal liquid . neo reach down and touch it with he fingertip . it 's half - dry blood . he stand , he eye adjust to the dark now . the wall be chip , cover in bullet hole . in slow-motion , the entry door to the apartment open . in walk agent brown . neo turn to the kitchen . agent smith and jone appear . they all draw they .45 . neo stand still as they walk up to he and put they gun to he head . agent smith scoff . neo " I be on to you the whole time . I only come in here to isolate you , to destroy you . " agent jone " what be you wait for ? " neo " I realize , that I can n’t destroy you - " he nod at smith neo " - without destroy the matrix itself . " smith " you kill I too easy last time . " brown " and if you kill we - " he nod at jone brown " we’ll only come back like he . " brown nod to smith . neo " I know . " smith breathes deep , and drop he gun . the other follow suit . smith " so , why do n’t you take it all down ? " neo " the matrix ? " smith " yes . " neo " I can . but if I destroy the matrix , everyone within it will die . " smith snort . smith " I take it the great morpheus fail to mention this ? " neo look up at he , but he expression do n’t change . neo " how many people be in it ? " smith holster he weapon . he speak matter - of - factly . smith " six and a half billion . " for neo , the number be too huge to imagine . brown scoff . brown " could you destroy we ? " it’s a serious question for Neo . but he nod . he know he potential . neo " I could . " smith " what do that make you feel like ? God ? " he be amused by the idea . jone " this be get tiresome . where do we go from here ? " neo " if you cut the power that the matrix supplies to you army , I ’ll let you live . " smith " idiot . we do n’t care about life , we care about victory . " neo " why ? " jone " so we kind ... prevail . " neo " you mean , life . " smith " who do you think start this war , boy ? you kind try to kill we first . " brown " but you do n’t . you’re not as tough as you think . " neo " we’ll see . " the three agent , helpless to stop he , watch as he walk for the door of the apartment . neo open it , and stop , he face meeting a fly fist . his vision flash with the impact , and he stagger back into the room , fall on he ass and roll back onto he foot . gregor step into the room , tall and bad . neo hold up a hand . neo " stop ! I do n’t want to fight you ! you’re human ! " gregory do n’t answer . he smashes a side - kick into neo 's gut , double he over . the kick carry such a impact that a pale concussion wave flash past gregor . it send neo crash out the window . gregory stand upright and move to the window , follow by the three agent . there 's nothing on the street , twenty storey below . the building start tremble . we hear rapid-fire impact , grow louder and come faster . the floor explode as neo crash up through the concrete , throw the agent away as he embrace gregory in a bear hug . they blast up through the ceiling . we follow they up through three more floor , bam , bam , bam . each concrete floor smashes gregory in the head . ext . rooftop ( matrix ) - day neo and gregory smash through the roof , fly upward , like a missile , past we . ext . sky ( matrix ) - day cu : neo he face be contort in rage as he rocket upward . gregory be barely conscious . see this , neo stop , and fling Gregory 's body violently earthward . neo look down as the body fall toward the city , thousand of foot below . he turn away , just as the distant gregory be fall out of sight . just before he do , the speck of a person pull up , and grow larger and larger as it return . a contrail streak behind he as a rip through the air . fist forward , gregory be like a mx missile bear on neo . neo turn just in time to catch both fist in he chest . like a cue ball strike another billiard , all gregork momentum be transfer into Neo . gregor stop dead in the air as Neo be hurtle out of view . cu : gregor he be in shock somehow as he see neo fly away . he clenches he fist and flexe he body , then look down . we see the ground , thousand of foot below . gregory " Holy shit ! " for some reason , he start to fall . even as he claw to maintain altitude , he rational mind have catch up with he and be somehow deny the fact that he can fly . as heus face the ground , neo slam into he from above . gripping gregor by the neck and he belt , he drive straight down . the ground rush , it take one second to drop past a 50 - story skyscraper . Neo slam gregor , front first , into the concrete sidewalk . they bust through the sidewalk , into the sewer below . int . sewer ( matrix ) - day neo stand . offsccreen , we can here choke breath . Neo look down . gregor lie twisted on a concrete slab , impale multiple time through the chest by snap , rusty rebar . he take one last breath , and he eye half - close . neo check the pulse . find nothing , he leap out of the hole . cu : gregory he eye blink , and he follow neo 's departure . choke , unable to breath with the rebar through he , he writhes . there 's nothing for he to grab to pull himself off the steel . his eye clench shut , gregor levitate , by force of will , pull he body off the rebar . the corrugate bar make wet , suck sound as the pull through he body . finally , he get to a twisted piece of bar , and can n’t make it over . he 's lose all he breath , all he life force , over one piece of twisted steel protrude from he chest . with one last , wiggling effort , he work it through he . he mouth open wide , but no sound emit , lest he recall Neo . just as the end of the steel bar enter he body and we can n’t take any more , CUT to : ext . desert highway ( matrix ) - sunset the countach and bike zip down a long , perfectly flat empty road . a brown sunset plague the horizon . there be no civilization in sight . int . countach ( matrix ) - sunset morpheus try he cell again . this time , it reach the neb . int . MAIN deck - night razor and circa be both operate the console . razor " Operator . " morpheus ( o.s. ) " good to hear you’re still there . " razor " Jesus , you too . where the fuck be you ? " morpheus " about two hundred mile east of the city , on highway 315 . we need a exit . " razor " come up on you leave , ten mile , a rest stop . " int . countach ( matrix ) - sunset morpheus " I do n’t remember a exit there . " razor " gimme five minute . " morpheus " out . " int . MAIN deck ( night ) razor clear the screen in front of he and crack he finger . he look at circa . circa " they’re ok ? " razor " gotta get ‘em out . they need a exit program . " cu : keyboard . razor '' S finger fly at inhuman speed over the key . data pour down the console as he blaze away . finally , he hit ‘enter’ so hard it rock the station . razor turn to circa as matrix code resume its cascade down the screen . razor " yes ! do you like that ? " circa just roll she eye . int . countach ( matrix ) sunset morpheus '' phone ring . he answer . it 's razor . razor " exit ready sir . " morpheus " check the phone for bomb . " int . MAIN deck - night circa look over some data and shake she head . circa " it 's clear . " int . countach ( matrix ) - sunset razor ( o.s. ) " it 's all set . there 's a pair of cop at the rest stop , though . " morpheus " not a problem . " the countach pull into the meager rest stop , not more than a water fountain , toilet house and phone booth . a police cruiser sit , light off , wait to intercept speeder . ext . rest stop ( matrix ) - sunset the countach skid to a stop , kick up a massive dust cloud that hide the car . we hear the door slide , and the massive black - clad figure of morpheus emerge from the dust . a uzi in each hand , point at US . the cop behind the wheel be too slow to draw , call for backup , or even duck for cover . the safety glass be destroy as gunfire rip through it , chew the cop to piece . his body thrashes in the seat . morpheus turn away . niobe pull up on she bike and get off , slowly , obviously the ride have be a long one . trinity join they . morpheus stop . morpheus " I think razor say they be two cop . " int . bathroom house ( matrix ) - sunset a rookie cop , he face to young for a razor , be shaking as he peek through a crack in the door , through which he see the terrorist who just waste he partner . he finish buckle he pants , and draw he service pistol , only to shake in pain as he body morph . int . MAIN deck - night razor and circa see the agent morph as the code fly down the screen . razor " fuck , fuck fuck ! " ext . rest stop ( matrix ) - sunset they smell something 's wrong . they move , back to back in a triangle , for the phone booth , weapon draw and look in all direction at once . morpheus " niobe , you first . " trinity " bullshit , it 's my turn . " niobe " junior rank leave first . " trinity enter the booth as the phone start ringing . it 's the moment Smith be wait for . he burst out of the door , gun fire at the booth . Inside , glass shatter , and blood spray as trinity be riddled with bullet . Smith do n’t stop . he spray for a eternity , even fire as she collapse , phone still ringing . her body slump , smear blood against the booth door as it shut from she weight . int . MAIN deck ( night ) trinity '' S body spasm violently against she harness as she life sign go berserk . she 's not dead , but death be only second away . circa scream , but razor be lock , stare at the screen with the intensity from which he derive he name . ext . rest stop ( matrix ) - night morpheus and niobe open fire . Smith shudder , flicker violently , he body move too fast to follow as the two rebel empty they clip at he . the action of the gun stop in the open position , barrel and empty chamber smoking , as the last empty shell patter to the ground . morpheus throw the gun down and turn to niobe . morpheus " get she out . " niobe dive for the shattered booth , kick away the star glass and answer the ringing phone . she pull it down , and haul trinity 's destroy body up , place the phone to she ear . trinity '' S head merely sag lifelessly to one side . niobe " come on ! go through , trinity ! God damnit do n’t give up ! " trinity '' S eye flicker . she focus on niobe , summoning she consciousness enough to make the phase back into the real world . she start to fade as we cut to : int . MAIN deck ( night ) circa stand over trinity as the rebel blue eye flutter open . her whole body go into a seizure and she choke and scream as she grab circa . circa " you’re safe , you’re safe ! " ext . rest stop morpheus charge smith . Smith ignore reload he , and sight in on the expose back of niobe as she be reach up to put the phone back on the hook . as the sight rest right between she shoulder blade , morpheus grab he gun with both hand . he squeeze off one shot , the action freeze back on a empty chamber , before morpheus throw he hand up in the air the shot ricochet clip niobe’s ear and ricochet off the booth . she hang up the phone and touch the blood of she ear . the phone ring . she look at it , then back at morpheus and Smith , raise dust as they fight . she leave the ringing phone and run to join the fight . int . MAIN deck - night razor pound the edge of the console as he watch the screen . razor " crazy mother ! " circa have remove trinity 's interface , but sheus have a seizure . circa can barely hold she down as she use she tooth to rip the cover off a wick hypo . razor " what 's wrong with she ? " circa " her body 's die but she mind will n’t quit . " circa straddle she and plunge the massive needle into she chest . ext . rest stop ( matrix ) morpheus and Smith clash in the dust - punch , kick , and block come too fast to see . Smith be wail on morpheus , but morpheus sneak in a kick that separate they . they take stance a good two distance away . they’re about to go at it again when : niobe sprint into the fight . perform a fly leap kick , Smith grab she and swing she down , crash she body into the concrete with a sicken crack - thud . she roll , fight the pain , as morpheus fly back into action , catch the agent with a furious ass of swinging kick . niobe grit back the pain and rejoin she love . together they assault the agent , they speed almost , almost equal he , they will cap by the limit of they matrix - bend power . finally , Smith resurges . he land a punch into niobe’s stomach , and she body fold over unnaturally , as if she back be break . she crumple to the deck , blood pour from she mouth . morpheus scream and bring a hammer blow down on the back of smith’s neck , smash the agent face down and imprint it in the concrete . for a moment , Smith be still . morpheus collect niobe and run for the phone booth , which be still ringing . it’s too far . Smith grab he around the knee , spilling he forward . man handle he like he weigh nothing , Smith get on top of he and start smash he fist down into morpheus’ face . smith " I should have kill you the first chance I have . " like a enraged silverback , he raise he fist together for one final blow . but instead of strike , he eye catch something . he flip back , jump , as a silver streak cut through the air , a split second too slow to cut the agent head off . instead , it slice cleanly through the tricep of the raise arm , leave nick on the throat . razor , dress in a black kimono and wield two katanas , step over morpheus as he pursue the agent . Smith roll backwards , gain he foot , and retreat from the swirl blade of death . he turn to morpheus : razor " go ! " int . MAIN deck - night razor be strapped into one of the interface chair , he eye close . ext . rest stop half-dead morpheus drag niobe to the booth . behind they , agent Smith back away from razor '' S dual blade , on long , one short . whenever razor attack , Smith back away . they circle one another . morpheus put niobe through the phone . razor force Smith around . razor " come on , tough guy , come get some razor . " smith frown and move forward , but the whistling edge of a blade make he think twice . razor hold the short sword parallel to the ground , the long sword straight up . he hide he eye behind the short sword . smith 's back be against the sunset . the sun drop below a cloud . razor flash the light off he short blade , directly into smith’s eye , blind he as he strike with the long sword . smith , blind , turn and back away . razor attack . in the booth , niobe be go . morpheus hang up the phone . he can barely stand up enough to reach the handset . when it ring he pick it up . but he do n’t disappear . morpheus " reload I . " int . MAIN deck - night circa " all right . " she punch some key . morpheus '' 3 - D avatar flash on a console , along with a massive array of weapon . ext . booth ( matrix ) - sunset morpheus disappear for a second , then reappear . now he be perfectly clean , and immaculately dress . he replace he sunglass and kick through the remain of the booth , walk toward the fight as he produce new weapon , heavy with ammo , from he long coat . razor keep swinging at smith - and miss . see he chance , he run back for the ringing phone . smith pursue , almost on razor when the neo-samurai jump in the air and pirouhette , swinging one sword after another , like a helicopter blade from Hell . in the liquid world of slo - mo , the short sword cut through smith’s outstretch finger , send they fly . the long sword graze he forearm , cut through the fabric and take off a slice of flesh . the tip of the sword slice through he suit , cut he tie off , digging about a inch into he torso . smith collapse into the dust , he face a mask of blood and dust . he do n’t try to get up . razor pass morpheus , who back up to the ringing phone booth . razor go through first . morpheus keep he eye and weapon lock on smith , who make no attempt to pursue . he stand calmly , and in a dignify manner , wipe dust off he clothing as he watch morpheus step into the booth , and replace the phone . it ring . one hand on the receiver , morpheus stare back at Smith . smith stand there , not attempt to pursue . morpheus pause , take advantage of the chance to observe he deadly enemy . smith stare at the booth for a second . emotion twist he face , first anger , then perhaps sadness . he 's lose . he’ll be in the matrix forever . with a quicksilver flash , he body revert back to the shape of the rookie cop . the young man be leave stand there . he be filthy , bloody , badly slice up , and the finger of one hand be miss . he look around at the carnage as he mouth simply open and close , reflexively , in shock . he focus on morpheus . the rebel answer the phone and disappear , leave the cop , he body break and he mind blow . int . MAIN deck - night circa help morpheus off the interface chair . razor be triumphant . razor " do you see that ? we beat he ! a fuck agent ! he give up ! " morpheus , unflappable , rise and rush to the operation console . morpheus " where be Neo ? " circa " have n’t hear from he . the city be still cut off from the rest of the matrix . " morpheus appear enraged . he look at Neo , supine on he chair . morpheus " why do it still exist ? why have n’t he destroy it yet ? " razor " maybe he can’t . " trinity be sit on the edge of she interface chair , look like hell . trinity " be he even alive ? be he capture ? " razor " last we see he be try to blow up the building . have n’t lock onto he since . " morpheus " what ? why not ? " circa " call I crazy , but I think heus mask he own displacement signature . " razor " his carrier signal just go nowhere . but there be data go back and forth . " morpheus stare at the data on the screen . the matrix life . he push razor out of the way , and start hack at the keyboard at a incredible rate . it 's obvious morpheus can handle computer . morpheus " I find he once . i’ll find he again . " we go deeper into the miasma of green symbol , swallow by the blackness of the screen , and emerge into : int . penthouse apartment ( matrix ) - night the apartment be luxuriously laid out and furnish . Gregory sit on a leather couch , watch whatever on the tube with the sound off . he absentmindedly manipulate a quarter over and around he finger . finally , he stop and look at the quarter . holding it between he thumb and forefinger , he fold it in half as though it be a disk of bubble gum . he fold it again , then rool it as though it 's a musket ball . chandra enter the live room and collapse on the couch . she reach point the remote at the tv , but Gregory put he hand over it to get she attention . gregory " so , you really do n’t have any idea how you get here ? " chandra " no . I only remember be on the bike . " gregory sigh . gregory " yeah , you take a pretty good knock on the head . do you know how we get this place ? " she look at he , annoyed . chandra " duh . we break in . we do n’t own a penthouse . " gregory " what if I say we do ? " chandra " i’d say you’re insane . " she finally get the remote and change the channel . the volume come on , louder and infinitely more tinny and obnoxious than anything in life . chandra laugh at the image as Gregory stare into space . int . burnt -out cathedral ( matrix ) - night neo sit with he back against a blacken brick wall , stare ahead . he’s in the belfry of a ancient , destroy cathedral , among the pigeon nest , soot , and bird crap . from here , in downtown , we can see the modern , uptown section , with its gleam skyscraper . metacortex still stand , illuminate by searchlight . neo sit and brood . isolate , he world turn upside down and right side out in less than a week , he mind and spirit be a blank . again , he try he cell phone . static . he collapse it and put it . just as it leave he mind , it ring . the face flip open . neo put it to he ear without speak . morpheus ( o.s. ) " Neo . " neo’ S grim expression be melt by relief . neo " morpheus ! Holy shit ! you will n’t believe what happen . " morpheus " I know . " neo " I could n’t do it . morpheus , there 's a problem . " int . MAIN deck - night morpheus have the headset on . he stand and survey neo . morpheus " yes , there be a problem . the matrix exist . " ext . burnt-out cathedral ( matrix ) - night neo’ S relief fade into confusion . neo " I know . I ’m sorry . " morpheus ( o.s. ) " and the problem be ... " neo " uh , it 's impossible . if the matrix be destroy , the people within the system will die . they will all die . there have to be a different way . " morpheus do n’t respond . neo " morpheus ? do you know this ? " we hear nothing . neo can hear he own heart beat . anger and confusion add to the already heavy mental burden he carry . morpheus ( o.s. ) " I do n’t say thing would be easy , Neo . " neo sink to the ground , shocked . he shake he head . neo " no . " int . MAIN deck - night morpheus be n’t happy about what he have to tell he protégé , but there be no bend he will . the other look on soberly . morpheus " Neo , the matrix ... it 's not real . and it 's up to you to end it . " ext . burnt-out cathedral ( matrix ) - night neo can n’t stand the reality of the situation . he 's come apart . neo " no , morpheus , this can n’t be ! we can n’t do this ! we have to get the people out . " morpheus ( o.s. ) " even if we could somehow get to they without cut through they defense , there 's no way we can rehabilitate billion of people . they would n’t even want to be wake up . " Neo be silent . morpheus ( o.s. ) " you can do it . you can free we . " neo " why I ? why the fuck do I have to do this ? " morpheus be silent for a long while . int . MAIN deck - night everyone be watch morpheus , and no one can quite believe what be happen . morpheus " you know what need to be do . time be short . make up you mind . the only way you’re get out of the matrix be through its destruction . " morpheus kill the connection . ext . burnt-out cathedral ( matrix ) - night Neo hear the line click dead . he can n’t believe what have happen . int . MAIN deck - night morpheus drop the headset on the operation console . he type a few command on the keyboard , then address the crew . morpheus " no one go in . he 's on he own . " he leave the main deck . trinity stare at Neo for a moment , she face fight for composure no one look at she . she walk away , then lean against the bulkhead , she body shaking . ext . burnt-out cathedral ( matrix ) - night Neo close the cell phone . he reach to tuck it away , then pause , look at it . he drop it to the ground and walk on . he stand out on a finger of crumble church , the night air all around he . the city light be alive below . he focus on the metacortex building . leave he there , we rush to it until we dive into the dark shadow of the very building , go microscopically close , until the darkness give way to the glow green miasma of quantum code . it fill the screen before we bust through into darkness again . to be continued ...