the last flight written by John monk saunder fade in ext . battlefield - night on a freeze frame of a huge mortar on the edge of a dismal no - man 's land , surround by tree and overhange branch . the distant roar of battle rumble ominously . superimposed title appear and hold for a moment . abruptly , the image spring to life . the gun fire deafeningly . the nearby branch shake violently . another set of title appear . the image freeze again as a lone bugle play a charge . again and again and again , the image move , the gun discharge noisily , the image freeze and more set of title appear with every firing . on the last discharge , the trumpet fade and all hell break loose : war montage nothing but fast , brutal flash cut of : cannon fire in all direction . massive explosion on the battlefield that light up the night . troops march across a bridge as a shell hit the river below send water tower into the sky . a entire cavalry division gallop hard over the battlefield , blaze mortar fire visible above they on the horizon . brief shot of the horse , they grim rider hang on for dear life , they muscle flex , hoof pound the dirt . Men yell . faster and faster , more and more chaotic : mortar fire , explosion , smoke . a machine gunner fire . a soldier fall . infantryman , rifle in hand , press through the haze . more machine gun . more soldier go down . a massive gun fire . smash CUT of a tank tread bear down on the camera , black out the screen . infantryman trail behind the heavy machinery , fire pistol , rifle . a bridge explode . a building explode . the ground explode . a bomb drop from a airplane . aerial view of a explode building . anti-aircraft gun at work . plane in the air . a machine gun fire skyward . plane circle , fill the air . a single bi-plane . the plane 's gunner , shep lambert , look down , survey the situation , break into a grin . Shep nudge he pilot , cary lockwood , and point . cary look down to see : another plane below . in it , pilot bill talbot wave and salute . francis , the gunner , open he mouth , smile and nod up at they . a enemy plane arrive . the enemy pilot fire he twin machine gun . Bill and Francis ' plane spin away . Bill cock a snook at the enemy plane and wave dismissively at it , much to Francis ' amusement . the plane circle in the air . the enemy plane trail Shep and cary . Shep fire he machine gun to no avail as cary watch . the enemy pilot return fire . the two plane tango in mid-air . Shep fire . the enemy pilot grin and fire . bullet hole riddle the side of Shep and cary 's plane . cary warn Shep they have be hit . from the enemy plane 's Pov , Shep and cary 's plane stream black smoke . the two plane . Shep and cary 's plane go into a steep dive , spin out of control . cary rip off he goggle as smoke pour up from below he . flame fill the cockpit as cary 's glove hand desperately try to keep hold of the red hot control . the plane , stream smoke , spin wildly downward . Shep , surround with smoke , look skyward and salute with mock gallantry . above , Bill and Francis watch . Bill return the salute with a smile and wave . Francis , though , do not look happy . Shep twist in he seat and look around . cary 's hand grasp the control in the flame cockpit . shep ( o.s. ) level off , cary ! level off ! despite the flame , cary pull back on the control stick . from the plane 's Pov : the landscape rush by . the plane , now level , crash into the ground and come to a abrupt stop . smoke . flame . cary jump out of the cockpit and rush back to Shep who be struggle to clamber out . cary Shep ! Shep , be you all right ? shep can not make it , cary . can not make it . cary here , give I you arm ! I will get you out of here ! hang on there , Shep ! get a hold - just hold tight , old fella . cary pull Shep out and haul he away from the burn wreckage where the two of they collapse to the ground , half - conscious . flame consume the plane . dissolve to : a temperature chart for Lieutenant Shep lambert , a patient at U.S. Army a.e.f. base Hospital 145 . Shep 's temperature reading for October 11th to October 26th be indicate by a line on a graph , near a level mark critical . the distant sound of battle continue to rumble . another chart swing into view . this one be for Lieutenant cary lockwood whose reading for October 27th to November 2nd be also below the critical mark . the line continue and improve considerably by November 11th when the final read be mark normal . dissolve to : int . hospital - day the battle sound be now join by a loudly ticking clock . with no sign of energy or emotion , Shep and cary sit together on a hospital cot in full uniform . Shep wear dark eyeglass . cary have a coat drape over he hand . he glance off . we follow he gaze , panning past other patient in the hospital to a wall clock and calendar . it be November 11th and the time be almost eleven A. M. the battle 's rumble drone on . shep and cary stare up at the clock . behind he dark glass , Shep 's leave eye twitches . the clock slowly dissolves to one last brief battle montage : soldier yell and run , gun fire noisily , a plane crash , explosion . the final image be of a plane park on the ground , its engine die , its propeller slow to a stop as we dissolve back to the clock face . the center of the clock be line up exactly with the center of the propeller -- the slow propeller blade be replace by the clock 's hand -- as if to symbolically suggest that the war have end but time go on . the noise of battle fade and only the ticking of the clock remain . dissolve to the calendar : November 11th , 1918 -- armistice Day . shep and cary sit motionless side - by-side on the cot . Shep have a hand over he leave eye . cary well , the old guerre be finie . shep that 's right . cary what be ya gonna do now , Shep ? shep get tight . cary ( turn to he ) and then what ? Shep let go of he eye and look at cary as if the answer be obvious . shep stay tight . cary grin wryly . CUT to : int . doctor' office - not long after a nurse open a door for Shep and cary who enter . Shep wear he dark glass . cary carry he coat to hide he hand . they pause as the door they have pass through close behind they . they distinguished - look doctor , a medical officer with a white gown over he uniform , sit at he desk study they papers . doctor lieutenant lambert and lockwood . ( rise , join they ) you two leave we , eh ? in a way , I be sorry to release you two . I have no choice in the matter . Shep remove he glass and press he hand to he eye . shep what be I go to do , Major , about my -- oh , this rotten business ? the doctor examine Shep 's eye more closely . doctor mm? spasmodic twitching of the muscle under the eye , eh , Lieutenant ? shep mm hm . doctor what the french call a tic . t-i -c , tic . Little bothersome , be not it ? Shep put he glass back on . shep yes , sir . doctor I be afraid time will have to take care of that . time and normal live . Shep 's lip tighten skeptically . doctor you two be return to the United States , I presume ? Shep glance at cary . cary ah , we have not decide . doctor I would take the first boat home . well , here you go . the doctor give Shep he release form and shake he hand , then turn to shake cary 's . cary merely look down darkly and raise a bandage hand at he . doctor oh , I forget you burnt hand . the doctor fold up the release and stuff it in cary 's breast pocket . doctor neither of you be fully hospitalize . I would undertake a systematic course of finger exercise -- to , uh , stretch they and loosen they up . in time , you will regain they full use . cary thank you , sir . the doctor give cary a pat on the shoulder . doctor bye , Lieutenant . cary manage a smile and salute . Shep move to the door , salute the doctor . doctor bye , Lieutenant . good luck . Shep open the door and he and cary head out . after the door close , the doctor rub he head thoughtfully . he talk , apparently , to a offscreen aide . doctor well , there they go . out to face life . ( shake he head ) and they whole training be in preparation for death . he move off as we CUT to : ext . hospital - moment later Shep and cary exit the building but pause outside the doorway . they have see something come toward they and glance at one another before clear out of its path . they watch glumly as a small group of wounded soldier enter through some metal gate , walk slowly past Shep and cary without acknowledgment , and head into the hospital . CUT to : ext . doctor' office - perhap simultaneous the office window open . the doctor -- no longer in white but wear he uniform -- and he aide take a break , stand in the window frame for a little fresh air . the doctor smoke a cigarette as they discuss Shep and cary . aide why can not they go on with fly ? you know , the air mail or something ? doctor I be afraid they be unfit for further service in that direction . the aide look at he , quizzically . doctor they fall , you know -- six thousand meter . ( shake he head , sadly ) like drop a fine swiss watch on the pavement . shatter both of they . they nervous system be derange , disorganize , brittle . aide spend bullet . doctor spend bullet . that 's it . ( nod ) they be like projectile , shape for war and hurl at the enemy . ( gesture with cigarette ) they have describe a beautiful , high - arching trajectory . and now they have fall back to earth . spent. cool off . useless . we slowly pull back from the two man . aide oh , well , if they take care of themselves , they will pull through all right . doctor even if they do take care of themselves , what good be they ? what can you expect of they ? ( shake he head ) I hate to think what may become of they . we have pull back far enough and now we CUT to : ext . hospital - not long after two uniform man with familiar face -- exuberant pilot Bill and reserve gunner Francis -- arrive at the bottom of the stair in front of the hospital . Bill , with he arm in a sling , and Francis , use a cane , start up the stair and wave . bill ( Texas accent ) hello , cary ! francis hi , cary ! at the top of the stair , Shep and cary wave back , pleased to see they . cary hello , Bill ! hiya , Francis ! shep hello , Bill ! Francis ! unexpectedly , Shep and cary hurry down the stair past they . cary ( friendly ) well , I see you get yours . bill ( pleasantly ) yup . we crash . Bill and Francis watch , surprised , as Shep and cary hurry off . bill ( call down , puzzle ) hey ! where you go ? Shep and cary , already seat in the back of a wait automobile , grin like kid . cary Paris ! bill ( o.s. ) Paris ?! from the stair , Francis smoke a cigarette and look down at Shep and cary uncertainly . but Bill take the news in stride -- he smile and wave he hat at they . bill see you in Paris ! francis ( wave he cigarette ) yeah . smiling , Shep and cary wave back as they car drive off . dissolve to : ext . the eiffel tower - night a superimpose text read : paris -- 1919 . traffic noise , taxi horn squeaking . dissolve to : ext . paris sidewalk - night strol down the sidewalk four abreast , as if they own the town , come we heroes -- Bill , Shep , Francis and cary -- in smart hat and dinner clothes . outwardly , they seem to have recover from they wound . but : Shep still wear he dark glass and we occasionally glimpse he eye twitching . cary 's bandage be go but he have not regain full use of he hand . his personality be dark and dry , more subdued than Shep 's , and he come across as the most levelhead , rational member of the group -- its unacknowledged leader . Francis seem to have suffer the great toll psychologically . a narcoleptic , strangely detach and unemotional much of the time , always on the verge of doze off , he speech slur even when he be not drunk . only the athlete of the group , Bill -- a burly Texan whose full name be William Talbot -- be in outstanding physical shape . but he be reckless , restless , and temperamental , cover up unnamed insecurity with bravado and force exuberance . cary how ' bout a cocktail ? shep not a bad idea at that . as a group , they turn and head into a nearby building . brief dissolve to : a glowing sign make of light bulb , outside the building . it spell out claridge's -- a popular parisian drink establishment for anglo -american . dissolve to : int . claridge be - night numerous shelf hold numerous bottle of liquor . employee in white jacket hurriedly rush in and pull down a few bottle . dissolve to : int . claridge's bar - lengthy panning shot the place be pack with well - dress man and woman . the bar be crowded with man ( and man only , for no woman be allow to sit at claridge 's bar ) smoking , drink , converse . at the end of the pan , we discover we heroes enter , greet by a employee who take they hat . another view - near the bar a attractive young woman with a wide , vacant stare stand against a wall opposite the bar hold a champagne glass in she hand . her name be nikki and she seem to be in a world all to herself . we four handsome heroes file past she , intent on find a table . only cary pay any attention to nikki . after they have all pass she , he pause to turn and stare . she 's extremely nearsight and do not notice he . he look at the glass in she hand , puzzle . he start off but then pause . after a second uncertain look , he move off to join he friend who stand together and peer around the crowded room , unable to find a place to sit . cary keep look at nikki . he glance at the other and they follow he gaze : nikki still wear a blank expression , clutches the glass in two hand . the glass in she hand . between she finger , we glimpse its content -- a complete set of man 's false tooth . we pull back to discover that cary have approach she . he 's stand right next to she and be stare at the glass . she finally notice he . cary I beg you pardon . but , if I be not too inquisitive , would you mind tell I what be that you be drink ? nikki teeth . cary teeth ? after another look , cary turn to he friend . cary hey , it 's tooth ! bill ( o.s. ) teeth ?! Shep , Bill and Francis hurry over like child and crowd around to stare in amazement at the tooth . nikki be unimpress by all the attention . shep teeth ! nikki that 's right . bill ( enthusiastic ) yup . it 's a full set -- upper and lower . cary ( to nikki ) it 's a nice expression . shep hey , how come you be with that tooth ? nikki I be just stand here . and a nice gentleman come along and begge my pardon and ask would I mind hold he tooth for a minute . cary well , what do he want you to hold he tooth for ? nikki Said he want to biff somebody . bill ( excited ) biff somebody ?! which way do he go ?! nikki just around to the right . bill come on , man ! we be liable to see a fight . as quickly as they arrive , Shep , Bill and Francis depart . cary start after they but stop to politely address nikki who have go back into she trance . cary would you like to come along ? nikki ( as if it be obvious ) oh , no . I have to stay here and mind the man 's tooth . they glance down at the tooth . cary oh , of course . cary hurry off as nikki 's empty eye rise to the ceiling . flash CUT - a man' face as it take a combination one - two punch from a pair of fist . flash CUT - the man' body drop unconscious to the floor . our four heroe enter a hallway just in time to see two claridge 's employee reach down and haul away the unconscious body . we heroes have miss the fight but Shep and Bill be delighted anyway . Bill brushes he hand ( one of he favorite gesture ) with satisfaction , as if he have throw the punch himself : bill well . that be all fix . Bill straighten he bow-tie . already the group seek a new distraction . cary let 's go back . they head back to the bar . the bar nikki , no longer stand against the wall , sit on a bar stool with she back to the countertop , smoking a cigarette and hold a empty champagne glass . we heroes enter and , glance at the wall , fail to see she . after a moment of search , cary spot she at the bar . cary oh , there she be . all four crowd around she , pleased to be in she company . bill well , we miss it . nikki do something happen ? bill well , they carry a guy out . ( see she empty glass ) say ! what 's become of the tooth ? nikki oh , the man come and get he tooth . cary well , what do he say ? nikki he say thank you for hold he tooth . cary what do he look like ? nikki I think he fall in a airplane in the war -- and get he tooth knock out . cary well , why do you think he be in the war ? nikki oh , he have a kind of little stripe ribbon in he buttonhole . cary what make you think he be a flyer ? nikki his eye . cary his eye ? ( dry , to the other ) you can tell a flyer better by he ear . the man chuckle . shep well , what do you say we have a drink ? bill Fine ! francis sure , here 's some space . seat have open up at the bar so they grab stool next to nikki . Shep greet the bartender : shep hello , Jean ! jean bon soir , monsieur lambert . qu'est - ce que voulez-vous [ ? ] francis martini ! bill martini ! cary martini ! shep martiniiii ! nikki could I have a champagne cocktail ? jean certainment , Mademoiselle . ( call off ) quatre martinis pour messieur ! Champagne cocktail pour Mademoiselle nikki ! the man be all excited to find out she name . Francis use a pretzel as a monocle to eye nikki . francis nikki ?! bill nikki ?! cary nikki ?! for the first time this evening , Shep take off he dark glass . shep can you imagine that , fella ? her name be nikki ! cary ( consider the situation ) her name be nikki . she hold man 's tooth . she sit at the bar and she drink champagne . bill ( significantly ) boy , she 's gonna be a lot of trouble . drink be serve . a moment of silence as they imbibe . nikki 's hand shake as she lift she glass , spilling some champagne . she laugh , embarrassed . nikki oh , my , my ! Shep , who have be watch she closely , also laugh . shep poor sweet ! she can not even hold she glass ! nikki notice cary unsteadily use both he hand to hold he martini . nikki ( casually ) oh , well , he can not either . besides , he have to use two hand . nikki chuckle . a dark look cross cary 's face as he look at she and put down he drink . see this , Bill and Francis exchange worried glance . cary abruptly rise and leave the bar . mystify , nikki look quizzically at Shep who be suddenly grim and annoyed . shep course he can not hold he glass . his hand be burn . nikki burn ? shep you have no right to spill you drink . he can not help himself . nikki burn ? how burn ? shep he bring a plane down on fire . nikki a airplane ? in the war ? Shep demonstrate with he hand as he explain : shep he hold the stick . but he hand begin to slip . then he hold it inside he arm . he be try to bring he rear gunner down alive . nikki do he bring he down safe ? shep well ... Shep take a swallow of he martini , set down the glass . shep bring he down . nikki oh , so that 's why --? shep yes ! that 's why he can not hold a glass . nikki oh , I be so ashamed . shep now , cary 's have a pretty thin time . his nerve be tricky . you should never call attention to he hand . at a table cary sit with a fresh drink and be try awkwardly to pick it up when a handsome but humorless american journalist -- the unspeakable frink -- enter and greet he casually . frink hi , cary . cary ( unhappily ) oh , hello , frink . cary immediately turn he attention to a menu . rebuffed , frink wander over to the bar and see the other man . he have a friendly pat on the back for Francis and Bill . frink hello , Francis . Bill . frink pause to stare at nikki 's back , astonished to find a woman sit at the bar . then he turn to Shep , amused . frink shep. drunk again ? shep say , do not you know any other open remark ? it 's about all we have hear from you for a year . frink ( signal the bartender ) hi! Jean ! frink snap he finger at Jean and grab a seat next to Shep . Jean ask for frink 's order in french . frink un sidecar . jean sidecar ... [ ?] Jean move off . frink regards the other . frink say , why do not you fellow go home and go to work ? shep work ? what kind of work ? frink oh , anything useful . bill what could we do ? sell wash machine ? drive a milk wagon ? mend old furniture or something ' ? heh ! frink go back to fly . fly the air mail . bill aw , we could not fly a kite . francis maybe a small kite . Francis hold he finger to indicate a very small kite . Bill chuckle . frink well , there must be something you can do . shep we have get to tend to we drink . we do not get much opportunity . frink lot of thing go on outside . Sun shine , tree grow , people walk around . bill say ! be that still go on ? shep ( laugh ) sound pretty pre-war to I . during all this , nikki have be in she own little world . frink lean over and whisper to Shep . frink hey . do not I rate a introduction ? who 's you swell friend ? shep oh , she ? just a old hussy we find scattered around . around she neck , on a slender chain , nikki carry a small lorgnette . it open with a spring and have small rectangular lense . she use it frequently , peer at unfamiliar object in she helpless , nearsight way . on Shep 's remark , she whip it out to stare at he , mildly offended . he raise he drink to he lip and turn to she , speak out of the side of he mouth : shep ( off frink ) pay no attention . sometimes he go away . nikki look away glumly as Shep grin at she . she turn and see something . she raise she lorgnette for a better look at : cary who sit at he table , stare into space , hold he unread menu in he lap . nikki be pleased to see cary . nikki oh ! he do not go . she rise to join he . cary startle , rise and stare at nikki as she approach . nikki oh , I be so sorry . you hand ... she try to take he hand but he pull they away in horror and stuff they in he pocket . nikki oh , you poor hand ! you poor , poor hand . wildly uncomfortable , cary glance around like a cornere animal and finally stalk away without a word , hand still stuff in he pocket . stun , nikki watch he exit the building . she realize she 's do something terribly wrong and move to follow he . nikki oh ! but Shep intercept she . upset , she whimper . shep ( more in disbelief than anger ) if you be not the worst ! first , you insult he hand and make he mad . then you cry over they and make he self - conscious . come on back here . come on . he clasp she hand and lead she to : the bar Francis and Bill watch , disturb , as Shep guide a cry nikki onto a stool beside they . Shep sit next to she as she continue to sob . she pull out a compact to fix she tear-stain face . shep well , that 's tear it . he will never come back now . nikki then we will have to find he . shep what for ? nikki to explain how sorry I be . shep ( amused at she distress ) we-ell . you do not have to get so emotional about it . nikki who 's get emotional ? shep you be . you be come all apart . ( hand she a glass ) here . take a drink of this . make you laugh and play . nikki take a sip , then busy herself with put away she compact . meanwhile , Bill lean in . bill ( to Shep ) say , what 's she cry about ? shep she 's cry on account of they do not wash she strawberry this morning . bill ( to nikki ) do not they wash you strawberry this morning ? well , there be not a whole hell of a lot that we can do about that now . nikki ( agree , sadly ) no . another view frink watch suspiciously as Shep pay the tab , rise and whisper to nikki . shep let 's go . nikki obediently hop off she stool and Shep lead she away from the bar , toward the exit . Bill and frink be distress to see she go . Bill call after Shep : bill hey ! where be you goin ' ?! shep oh , out . bill ( rise ) out where ?! shep ( o.s . ) out to get a drink . Bill gesture grandly toward the bar with its many shelf of liquor bottle . bill do not you suppose you could arrange that here ?! shep nope . we gotta go somewhere else . bill ( without miss a beat ) okay . come on , Francis . we get to go somewhere else to get a drink . Francis and Bill head out the door . after a moment , frink follow behind . dissolve to : ext . avenue des champ tlyse - later that night a taxi cab -- fill with Bill , Francis , Shep , nikki and frink -- pull up to a restaurant . as it stop , Bill rise and point to someone at a sidewalk table . bill hey ! there he be ! the other look . shep where ? bill come on ! the group cheer , spill out of the taxi and head for : the sidewalk table where cary sit read a newspaper . shep ( o.s. ) cary ! cary look up . he rise , a little startle , and politely remove he hat . the other crowd around he . bill say , what be you tryin ' to do , disown we ? cary ( genuinely polite ) hello . wo not you sit down ? bill sure we will sit down . what would ya think we would do ? stand around ? they all take seat around the little table . during this , frink bring a chair for nikki who grab a seat of she own . when he try to use it to sit next to she , Bill commandeer it for himself . bill ( with a wave , to frink ) thank you . a waiter join they as they settle in . shep hello , cary . cary hello , shep. hello , nikki . what will you have to drink ? francis martini ! bill martini ! shep martini ! frink martini ! waiter quatre martinis ? nikki uh , could I have champagne , please ? waiter Champagne ? oui. the waiter depart . off she order , Bill give nikki a look . bill boy , she 's goin ' to be a problem . nikki ( explain , to Bill ) that 's what I start on . ( to cary ) it upset I if I change over to anything else . cary ( to Bill ) there 's a lot of thing wrong with this one . ( to nikki ) what be you do at the bar at claridge 's anyway ? shep yes . do not you know you be not suppose to be there ? francis there 's a sign on the wall say lady must sit at the back . nikki can not read sign . shep well , we will just have to take care of she , that 's all . bill do you think she 's good - lookin ' enough ? nikki oh , I know I be not very good - look but -- cary but what ? nikki but when I be a little girl , my mother always say I have the nicest hair-ribbon . Shep laugh derisively . the other give he a look and he shut up . the drink arrive . all the man , save cary , snatch up they glass . Bill remove the toothpick olive and swallow he martini whole . he watch nikki rub she champagne 's drink straw between she hand as if she be a Boy scout try to start a fire . bill then there 's she drink . nikki what 's the matter with my drink ? bill you be a sissy drinker . nikki well , maybe I can improve . meanwhile , cary attempt -- with some success -- to drink he martini with one unsteady hand . Bill inspect nikki 's mouth . bill then there 's she tooth . why , one of them be turn sideways . nikki ( point ) you mean this one ? bill that 's it . cary why do not you have it turn around ? nikki I do not have it turn around on account of it 's a kind of help . cary well , in what respect do it kind of help ? nikki well , you see , when anyone kiss I too hard , it split my lip . and you could tell when anyone kiss I too hard on account of my lip would bleed . so now I do not let anyone kiss I -- hard . the man be amused . nikki sip she champagne . cary well , we will let that pass . Bill chuckle . Shep abruptly rise and walk off , presumably to the rest room . nikki where 's he go ? cary Shep go off to sharpen he skate . bill now , about you nose . nikki what about my nose ? bill it be not straight . it kind of turn up at the end . nikki well , when I be a little girl , I get bump by a swing . cary how would you happen to get bump ? nikki I just walk through the gate . I be only seven . cary oh , poor dear . do not you see it ? nikki I can not see very far . cary do it hurt ? nikki it make I dizzy all day . cary well , I guess we can not hold that against she . bill we all make mistake . cary that 's right . Michelangelo paint Adam with a navel . Bill and nikki laugh at this . suddenly , nikki grow thoughtful . nikki all the same , he would look funny the other way -- even in a painting . they all consider this for a moment as a fresh round of drink arrive . frink abruptly rise and walk off , presumably to the rest room . nikki where 's he go ? bill he go off to shave a horse . cary have you get a husband or anything ? nikki no husband . cary a mother ? nikki mother , yes . but we have not meet in quite a long time . cary why not in a long time ? nikki well , on account of my mother 's name be beulah . now , you can not have a mother name beulah . so I change it to Jane . and that 's how it all begin . a odd chiming sound distract they . they look off to see : francis the narcoleptic , arm fold , asleep in he chair . he awake with a frown , pull a pocket watch from inside he jacket , open it , and look at it . the chime end and he rise without a word and exit . at the table nikki watch Francis ' exit curiously . Bill wave she off before she can ask : bill he 's goin ' off to tame a alligator . nikki who be he , anyway ? cary Francis use to fly with we in the 94th . the best shot in the squadron . bring down twelve plane . use to call he " sudden death . " he lose interest after he teammate get kill . he 's lonesome be all . nikki I like he . cary he carry a chime watch on account of he 's always fall asleep in the daytime . nikki what kind of chime ? cary oh , westminster , canterbury , and whittington . nikki I will take vanilla . cary put a fist on he hip and give nikki a exasperate look . taxi horn squeak . Francis , Shep and frink return from they various adventure and sit down as Bill give nikki he opinion of Francis . bill I think he 's a washout . shep well , just because you be a big bombardier and a all - american -- nikki ( interrupt ) all - american what ? shep halfback . frink where ? cary oh , Montana State or somewhere . Idaho or nebraska or the carlisle Indians or something . do not you never read about Bill ? bronko Bill -- the Alabama flash ? Bill grin as nikki inspect he closely through she lorgnette . nikki ( skeptical ) I think it 's a forgery . Bill 's face fall . he look at nikki . bill say ! what do you want I to do ? tackle a horse ? she nod . Shep be amused . shep sure . go ahead . tackle a horse . bill ( with a dismissive wave ) all right , all right , I will tackle a horse . Shep look down the street . shep here come one now . they all look to see : a horse -drawn cab roll down the street in they direction . at the table everyone watch as Bill rise and suddenly bolt in the direction of the cab . bill look out , horse ! the horse - drawn cab roll along as Bill run in and tackle the horse , lock he big arm around the animal 's front leg to trip up the poor creature . on the sidewalk cary , horrify , stand and yell : cary hey , Bill ! Bill ! come back here ! cary run off , toward Bill , leave a thrilled Shep and a worried Francis with a distress nikki . they all stare in concerned amazement as a crowd of pedestrian stop to watch the excitement . nikki ( distraught ) oh , Bill ! at the horse - drawn cab cary rush up to the startle cab driver who be pull hard on the rein . cary hey ! what 's the idea -- runnin ' down my friend like that ? here ! cary force a wad of francs into the driver 's hand . the cabman protest in french but take the cash . wider view of the fall horse as the driver descend from the cab . stand up now , Bill try to haul the horse to its foot while cary try to placate the driver . cary never mind . look where you be go in the future now . you just watch out where you be go ! another view Bill grab the horse by its bridle and try to pull it up . the horse , sorely annoyed , get up on its own and shake its head violently to drive Bill away . Bill hang on and try to calm the horse . cary try to pull Bill away as frink , Francis and the driver gather around . Bill be more interested in petting the horse which understandably shy away from he . cary ( admonish Bill ) now listen , come on out here , you old fool . ( to the shy horse ) whoa , whoa . bill Nice horsie . cary ( to Bill ) now , listen , you ought to be ashamed of yourself . you old fool ! you know what you will do ? you will kill yourself one of this day . now , come on , get out of here . now , listen -- satisfied with the outcome of all this , Bill head back for the sidewalk . cary ( to the driver ) you all right now , brother ? the driver nod but be more concerned with reining in he skittish horse . cary all right . now , you just keep you horse , see ? you get you money . the cabbie salute cary but pay more attention to he horse . back at the sidewalk table the waiter set out a fresh round of drink as the group return . Bill happily dust off the sleeve of he dinner jacket . cary , beside he , lead he to he seat . they all sit down under the follow : cary hey , listen , Bill , you be all- american , see ? you be two all- Americans ! the lady 's convinced you be the whole team . you do not have to tackle any more horse . how ' bout that ? drink you drink . bill ( pleased with himself ) ahhh . be not that a great spill ? nikki abruptly rise . shep hey ! where be you go ? nikki would you all excuse I for a moment ? cary well , where be you go ? nikki ( a grave announcement ) to take a chinese sing lesson . Francis immediately understand that she 's become one of they . he raise a olive in the air and cheer : francis hooray ! the man rise and all but frink cheer she lustily as she depart : men hooray ! hooray ! hooray ! hooray ! nikki walk proudly into the restaurant as the man cheer . a smile maitre d' direct she to the lady ' room . back at the table frink watch nikki disappear from view and , after a glance at the other , rise and follow she . Shep , Bill and cary remain at the table , laugh and drink . Bill turn to cary with a smile . bill hey . what kind of a girl do you think nikki be ? cary glance in nikki 's direction and tell Bill confidentially : cary I think she 's the kind that sit down on phonograph record . Bill think about this and nod . inside the restaurant as nikki return from she chinese sing lesson , frink put he arm against a wall , block she way . frink say , nikki , let 's ditch this drunk and go off somewhere by ourselves . this crazy fool be liable to do anything . nikki ( hopeful ) do you think so ? frink since the war , they do not care what happen . nikki and do you ? frink I will say so . I have get more important thing to think of . nikki what more important thing ? frink well , my work . nikki what kind of work ? frink I be the foreign correspondent for a New York newspaper syndicate . nikki ( genuinely ) how nice for you ! nikki push he arm away and head for the table . frink watch she go , a dark look on he face . back at the sidewalk table the man rise briefly as nikki rejoin they and sit . francis nikki ? be you the kind of girl that sit down on phonograph record ? nikki lower she eye . nikki ( a bit defensively ) people should not leave they record lie about . cary ( to Francis ) what do I tell you ? nikki ( abruptly brighten ) take I dance ? bill what place you wanna go ? nikki what place you get ? cary well , we get maxim 's , only it 's too early . we have get Florida , perroquet , pigalle , Le Rat mort , moulin rouge , bal tabarin . nikki I will take vanilla . cary give she a look . Bill clear he throat . bill somebody pay for the drink ! Bill rise and clap he hand with enthusiasm . bill we be off in a " billizzard " of horse-radish ! whatever that mean . the man rise and retrieve they hat . dissolve to : int . bal tabarin ball room - later that night a festive parisian night spot . dance music play while a floor show , light by move spotlight , unfurl in the huge , darken ballroom which be ringed with crowded table . a handsome male dancer , in tuxedo and top hat , whirl exuberantly around the floor , surround by beautiful chorus girl . somewhere above all this , nikki , light by spotlight flash , sit on the edge of a ringside balcony observe the show with eager interest through she lorgnette . the show continue : after a few twirl , the dancer link arm with the girl to form a line and do some precision high-kick . the music continue but the dance apparently end and the light come up . impress , nikki be breathless . nikki my , my ! be not this nice ?! nearby , the man sit at a roped - off table for six on a low balcony . cary and Francis sit glumly on one side of the table as Bill try to tell a story to the other ( frink ; a nameless young woman nickname " kiss - me-quick " who appear in this scene only ; Shep and nikki ) . bill now , listen , man . I will tell ya something funny . cary and Francis look doubtful about this . Bill sit at the table . bill I be only four year old once . francis ( to cary ) what would he say ? cary Said he be only four year old once . francis amazing . bill and my aunt have a very low - neck dress on . francis ( to cary ) what would he say ? cary Said he aunt have on a very low - neck dress . francis can not believe it . bill and she sit right across the table in front of I . and I say , " auntie -- I can see you knee ! " nobody laugh or even change expression . cary ( pointedly , after a awkward pause ) I wonder what 's do in Portugal tonight . Bill be disappointed at the response . bill maybe I would better do my match trick . nikki if you do match trick , I will recite . cary recite what ? nikki poetry . cary whose poetry ? nikki my poetry . cary you write poetry ? nikki I will send you a photograph of my poetry . cary give she a look , then rise and peer with one eye into the open bottle of champagne on the table between he and nikki . he gesture at the bottle as he sit back down . cary say , I wonder if there 's anything intoxicating in that . everybody crack up -- except nikki , who look a little hurt . a empty champagne bottle be place on the floor . dissolve to : int . bal tabarin ball room - still later that night by now , a dozen empty champagne bottle have be place on the floor . close shot - frinks hand stray to nikki 's leg and up she dress . wider nikki rise indignantly and turn on frink . nikki just what be you plan ? wider still the other man seat at the table understand instantly what 's go on and stare darkly at frink . shep you will have to watch that lad , nikki . he 's a member of the wandering hand Society and he have a grop good time . frink nervously adjust he necktie . cary glare at he . cary you behavior , sir , be unseemly , unethical , indelicate and lousy . have I make myself clear ? frink , pretend chagrin , look at nikki . frink all right . my mistake . I be sorry . cary you will have to watch out for he , nikki . he 's just a licentious old man . nikki it 's get pretty late , be not it ? cary do you want to go home , nikki ? ( rise ) I will take you home . where do you live ? nikki Hotel carlton . the other , except for frink , begin to rise , too . Shep pay the waiter . bill I will take she home , too . francis so will I ! shep we will match to see who take she home ! bill nothin ' do ! we will all take she home . cary I see she first . bill it make no difference . she belong to we all now ! nikki laugh as they all depart . frink rise wearily to follow they out . dissolve to : int . HOTEL carlton - lobby - later that night the group enter the spacious , empty lobby , laugh loudly . someone say , " wheeee ! " other say , " ssshhh ! " they cross to the front desk . at the front desk the clerk be fast asleep , he head down on the desk . nikki be about to wake he when Bill bound forward . bill ( quietly , to nikki ) sh ! let he sleep . what 's you number ? nikki ( whisper ) eighty -eight . Bill wave the other on and they exit toward the elevator . once they have go , Bill , the athlete , vault the front desk and land -- with a little noise -- on the other side , without waking the clerk . he cautiously check the clerk to make sure the sleep man have not awaken , then fetch nikki 's key from its cubbyhole . Bill leap up on top of the desk , landing on he rear end , swinging he leg around -- nearly kick the clerk in the process -- then silently slide off the desk to the floor . watch the sleep clerk warily , Bill tiptoe away . at the last possible moment , Bill purposefully whack the signal bell with he hand , make it ring noisily . the clerk awaken with a start and grab a nearby telephone just as Bill disappear from view . in the HOTEL elevator amuse , the group pile into the " ascenseur " . last one in be Bill who shut the door and the metal safety gate behind he . bill here we be . goin ' up ! cary who 's gonna pilot this craft ? bill I will take she off . where 's the throttle ? Bill look for the control as cary turn playfully to the other . cary get you safety belt buckle ? shep &amp ; other mm hmm . Bill find the appropriate lever and grab hold . bill here it be . contact ? shep contact ! Bill pull the lever and the car rocket up the shaft . bill we be off ! most everybody cheer . they watch with great interest as the floor pass by rapidly . francis shut she off ! cary hold she nose ! she 's head for the hangar ! shep ( nervous ) hey , stop it , will ya ? nikki we have go a ' pass my floor . bill go a ' pass you floor ? I will fix that . Bill brake the car and start it back down the shaft . shep put she tail down ! cary bail out , boy ! she 's gonna crash ! francis wheeeee ! frink ( nervous ) stop it ! stop it ! nikki we have go a ' pass my floor again . bill say ! how do you stop this thing ? Bill brake the car too quickly -- it slam to a halt and everyone lose they foot , nearly fall down . part of the light fixture above they break loose and crash down on frink 's head , much to everyone 's amusement -- they laugh as frink clutches he head , annoyed . frink that 's right , laugh . cary we should have bring we parachute ! bill get a good hold , millie . we be off again . Bill reach for the control but Shep grab the tail of Bill 's jacket and pull he away . shep nothing do ! let cary take the control . you will run we through the roof . Bill brushes he hand , he pride a little hurt . bill all right , all right . cary all set ? shep let she go ! the car start up the shaft again . nikki hurray ! shep &amp ; francis hurray ! cary there we be . dissolve to : int . HOTEL hallway - fifth floor - minute later - long traveling shot the elevator door open . cary lead the way as everyone else spill out happily into the hall . Shep put a congratulatory arm around cary . shep say ! that 's a pilot for ya . bill you deserve a medal . Bill pin nikki 's room key to cary 's vest pocket . smiling , cary hold it up proudly to nikki . bill all right , come on , man . they head down the hallway in a drunken , disorganize fashion . Shep walk a imaginary tightrope , wobble spectacularly . cary , bring up the rear , shut the elevator door and escort nikki . francis I need a rest , I need a rest . Francis drop into a handy chair and light a cigarette but Bill immediately haul he up : bill come on , come on . Bill , whistling and pretend to ice skate , lead the group down the hall . Francis try to enter a room but frink pull he out of the doorway . Bill backtrack to help frink escort Francis . this allow cary and nikki to take the lead . nikki indicate the correct doorway to cary . nikki right here . cary oh! eighty-eight ! here we be ! the group cheer . cary unlock the door . the group enter nikki 's hotel room . int . nikki be HOTEL suite - sitting room - continuous laugh , the group file into the darken room and spread out . shep wheeeee ! nikki switch on the light . Bill marvel at the luxurious suite . bill well , for - -! well , I will be a --! look ! nikki 's get a whole apartment ! shep and a gramophone ! delighted , Shep start to crank up the gramophone . cary ( unimpress ) yeah ! and chair and table and floor and ceiling and everything . francis so this be where nikki life ! amuse and pleased by they reaction , nikki head for she bedroom . nikki yes , this be where nikki life . Shep pick up a book and admire it grandly . shep and she 's get a book ! the gramophone come to life and music play from a record . nikki pass into the bedroom and switch on a light . francis get all the comfort of home . frink try to follow nikki into the bedroom but Bill pointedly intercept he . disappointed , frink look past he into nikki 's bedroom and Bill follow he gaze to see : perfume bottle on nikki 's glass - top dress table -- dozen of they . bill hey ! look at all the bottle ! Bill enter and inspect the table closely . nikkix bedroom as the other four man respond to Bill 's enthusiastic summon and enter . bill hey ! come on in and look at nikki 's bottle ! cary join Bill at the table as the Texan pick up one of the bottle and read the label . bill ylang ! ylang ! cary hey , do not be handlin ' she thing . put them down . but Bill go right on , delighted . the other crowd around the table . bill chichi ! cary leave them alone . bill salammbo ! chypre ! reve de vestale ! jinko ! shep hey , you big bombardier -- bill chiki chiki ! during this , Francis have casually inspect a curtain walk - in closet near the table . he pull the curtain to reveal a rack of carefully hang dress and a floor cover with dozen of shoe organize in impeccably straight line . francis say , I never see so many shoe . the other gather to peer into the closet . frink lose interest immediately but whistle at the sight of nikki 's sheer nightgown drape across she bed . he move to it eagerly . nikki sit on the edge of the bed remove she shoe as frink pick up she silk bedclothes and examine they with a grin . Bill pointedly take the gown out of frink 's hand . tight -lipped , frink stare at he . suddenly , Bill point to a small wind - up clock on nikki 's night table . bill look ! Bill drop the garment on the bed and move to the night table . bill she never wind she clock ! ( pick up the clock ) it say eleven and I have never be anywhere at eleven . nikki remove she earring as frink walk off and cary take a seat at the foot of the bed . cary ( dry , to Bill ) what time be you anywhere ? Bill shake the clock and put it to he ear , listen . bill ( to cary , ignore nikki ) two o'clock . it 's always two o'clock in my life . hey , listen . besides never have any match and always spilling she drink , she never wind she clock ! think I will go in the bathroom and see if she leave the cap off she tooth paste . Bill head for the bathroom but then stop and turn back to nikki . bill be it all right ? nikki help yourself . Bill disappear into the bathroom , leave nikki and cary sit on the bed . nikki peer at cary through she lorgnette . nikki ( friendly , sympathetic ) hello . cary ( grin ) hello , yourself . the phonograph music end just as Bill 's voice call from the bathroom . bill ( o.s. ) ( excited ) turtle ! cary turn toward the bathroom . cary turtles ? shep ( o.s. ) turtles ? Shep run past and hurry into the bathroom . cary rise from the bed to follow . nikki be perhaps mildly surprised by the excitement . high angle shot - two turtle swim in shallow water at the bottom of a bathtub . a couple of decorative lily pad lie next to the drain . the turtles ' shell be inlay with brilliant . bathroom Bill kneel by the tub as frink , Shep , Francis and cary join he . Bill point out he discovery to the other . bill turtles ! other turtles ?! shep ( thrilled ) it be turtles ! Francis pick up a turtle and show it to cary . francis hey ! look , cary ! it 's turtles ! cary examine the turtle for a moment , place a finger on it . cary ( with a nod ) Nice work , boy . it 's turtles . cary and Francis inspect the turtle . bathroom doorway nikki enter and address the man . nikki and now do you suppose you could all excuse I ? cary join she . nikki on account of I would like to go to bed . cary sure we will excuse you . I will clear everybody out of here . ( to the other ) come on , you fella . nikki want to go to bed . at the bathtub the other man , still line up at the tub enjoy the turtles , be disappointed . bill go to bed ? shep awww ! bed ? they rise reluctantly . Bill shake water off he hand . bill yup , all right . they file out of the bathroom . shep ( wave to the turtles ) so long , turtles . bill good night , turtles . francis night , turtles . frink follow the other humorlessly , without a word to the turtles . tracking shot - through the suite the entire group exit the bathroom , pass through the bedroom and head into the sit room . bill poor nikki . do you wanna go to sleep ? nikki ( nod ) mm hm . shep sleep ? you should never go to sleep ! bill ( with a wave , to nikki ) well , good night . as Bill enter the sit room , he look around and hurry away toward something he see off screen . Shep and Francis follow . shep ( with a wave ) nighty -night , nikki . Francis say nothing . frink good night , nikki . frink be the last out the bedroom door , though cary stay behind to linger a moment with nikki . sitting room Bill take a pillow from the sofa and toss it across the room . he proceed to leap foot first onto the sofa , fall on he back with he foot in the air , then stretch he leg out across the sofa , lie down to go to sleep . bill ( satisfied ) ah ! Shep , watch this , scratch he head , confuse , then move to join he . frink watch Francis drag some sort of heavy fringe rug to the floor near the sofa , apparently prepare to lie down on it . at the bedroom door nikki and cary stand close , exchange warm goodnight . nikki ( dead serious ) good night , cary . cary ( playful ) good night , nikki . cary , perhaps pleased with nikki 's attention to he , watch she withdraw into the bedroom and shut the door . he turn from the door to see : low angle shot - sitting room four man , happily situate , settling in for a night 's sleep : Bill and Shep on the sofa , frink on a chair , they three pair of foot propped up on a table . Francis , he head on a pillow , lie on the floor , stretch he leg and yawn as only a narcoleptic can . bill say ! I like this place . francis say , I like this place , too . shep I think it 's swell . cary peer at they skeptically , hand on he hip . frink ( o.s . ) it suit I . cary you fella think you be gonna park here ? bill ( o.s. ) sure ! francis ( o.s. ) sure . cary hear the bedroom door open behind he and turn to see : nikki open the door , wear a robe , carry a bottle of eau de cologne and some towel . nikki ( innocently ) will somebody please scrub my back ? low angle shot - sitting room excite again , Bill jump to he foot , upsetting the other in the process . bill will somebody scrub you back ?! look out , boy ! the man struggle to they foot and follow he to : nikki hold the bottle in she hand . the men' hand reach for it but Bill be quick than the other and commandeer it with authority . bill I get it , I get it , I get it . from over nikki 's nearly bare back , we watch Bill whistling jauntily as he shake eau de cologne onto a towel . cary now seat , watch this coolly as he take out a cigarette and light it . bill and nikki Bill examine nikki 's back with delight . bill ( impressed ) mmmmmm mm ! his eye pop . for nikki , though , this be a asexual activity . nikki scrub hard . Bill place she head on he leave shoulder and prepare to scrub with he right . bill do anyone ever see such a back in they life ? he scrub a little . bill do anyone ever hear of such a thing ? more scrubbing -- he tongue stick out of he mouth as he study he work . shep , frink and francis watch all this with envy and interest . bill ( o.s. ) just look at that back . just look at that thing , will not you ? bill and nikki Bill keep scrubbing , adopt the air of a professional back scrubber . nikki harder . he lift she hair to inspect she neck . bill my , my ! he scrub she neck . bill I could go on doin ' this a long time . more scrubbing and then a amusing pantomime : to nikki 's bewilderment , Bill pull back the hair over she ear , look down into she ear , clean it out with he little finger , flick wax off he finger daintily , buff the ear with the towel , and finally blow sharply into the ear , cause she to wince . she place she head on he shoulder again . more scrubbing . tracking shot - sitting room we start on cary , who sit rock in a tilt chair and smoking , watch Bill and nikki with amusement . after a pause : cary nikki ? be you rich ? nikki well , practically . beulah be rich . cary well , just how rich be you mother ? nikki leave a lady a few secret , can not you ? by now , we have pull back far enough to take in the whole group . Bill finish he scrubbing and nikki adjust she robe . nikki thank you , William . that be ever so cool and nice . ( take bottle and towel from he ) good night . bill good night . nikki ( to the other ) good night . the men good night , nikki . they watch she move off . we hear the bedroom door close . Bill realize something , snap he finger , clap he hand and start off . bill come on , fella ! he rush off . Shep , Francis and frink rise and follow . cary merely collect he hat and cane and head for the front door . sitting room - another view Bill and Shep carry the sofa over and place it directly in front of nikki 's close bedroom door . Francis bring he rug and pillow . cary watch they , amused , from the front door . cary you be gonna stay here , huh ? sitting room - another view the man settle in for the night . bill ( to cary ) that 's right ! she might need some more help ! Bill wave good night and collapse on the sofa . frink , glance at cary , bring he chair and sit in it . Francis lie on the floor . Shep fluff pillow on the sofa , etc . cary turn , shut off the light , open the front door and exit the darken room , close the door behind he . fade out fade in int . carlton bar - next morning the drink hole in nikki 's hotel . a french woman noisily arrange dirty drink glass as Bill , Francis and Shep enter -- horribly hungover , moan and yawn -- and line up at the bar . a bartender greet they to take they order . bartender messieur . shep Morning . francis Morning . bill um , prairie oyster . shep prairie oyster . Shep have to nudge Francis with a elbow . francis prairie oyster . bartender prairie oyster for three . bartender move off . Shep put on he dark eyeglass . carlton bar - another view we start on a close shot of three drink glass as the bartender break a raw egg into one . beside they be the other ingredient of a potent hangover remedy . we pan over to the three man : shep say , we would better get back to we hotel . francis there 's no nikki at we hotel . bill that 's right . shep and the bar do not open so early . bill say ! why do not we move in here ? francis sure . let 's stay here . bill but - what about cary ? francis ( to Shep ) what about cary ? shep ( to Francis ) what about cary ? Francis shake he head , he have no idea . bill we can move he in , too . Francis nod in agreement . Shep think it over as the drink arrive . shep not a bad idea ! Shep pay off the bartender who depart with a mumble " thank you . " the three man each down they nasty hangover cure in a single swallow and move off one at a time -- first Shep who exhales deeply , then Francis who take it in stride . finally , Bill exhales happily and clap he hand as he follow the other out , they hangover apparently remedy . bill ( cheerfully ) well , come on , man . let 's go . fade out fade in int . nikki be suite - later that day phonograph music play as a asian may , the hotel 's specialist in chinois pedicure , paint nikki 's toenail . we pan up to discover nikki wear a robe , sit in a chair next to the phonograph , smoking a cigarette and check on the progress of she paint job . a snappy knock at the door . nikki ( wearily ) entrez ! the front door open and Bill , look dapper , enter . bill hi , nik ! then , Shep enter , wear he dark eyeglass and carry a bouquet of flower . shep hello , nikki ! next , Francis enter , sleepily . francis ( in mid - yawn ) hello . finally , cary , who close the door behind he . cary good morning , nikki . the man be all : wear suit and tie , pleased to see she , and stone sober . Francis find he way to the sofa , which have be return to its proper spot in the room . he lie down and shut he eye . nikki ( o.s. ) hello , Bill . hello , shep. hello , cary . hello , Francis . francis ( from the sofa ) Morning , nikki . nikki I do not expect to see you all so early . Shep put the flower in a vase . bill we campe on you doorstep last night . and this morning we all move in . cary lean over she affectionately . cary despite you practically innumerable fault , we adore you . we have decide to adopt you . Bill and Shep kneel next to nikki . Bill notice the toenail painting . bill well , for heaven 's sake ! look at nikki ! what be you have do to yourself , gal ? shep whatcha have you toe paint for , nikki ? cary stand behind nikki as she look down at she toe . nikki I do not know . ( look at Bill and Shep ) seem like a good idea at the time . cary smile . nikki , Bill and Shep share a laugh . the asian woman go right on painting as Bill and Shep study nikki 's leg . during this , nikki hand she cigarette to cary who move to put it in a ashtray by the window . bill why , look at nikki 's leg , would you ? that there be practically the loveliest pair of leg I ever see in all my bear day . nikki like my leg ? cary stare out the window at a rainy day . shep look at that leg , cary . my , they nearly match . cary turn from the window . shep do you ever see such a swell set of leg ? cary well , what do you want I to do about it ? burst into tear ? shep would it embarrass you , nikki , if cary be to burst into tear ? nikki ( look at she leg ) on account of my leg ? oh ! ( turn to cary , heartfelt ) I think that would be sweet . cary manage a slight grin . as he do , there 's a knock at the door . everyone holler , " entrez ! " Shep run to the door and open it . shep oh , boy ! here come the drink ! the other cheer happily . two hotel employee enter carry trays load with already pour drink . Shep hand a glass to nikki . shep here , nikki , drink this . cary make you laugh and play . nikki that 's what I want to do , laugh and play . Shep hand Bill a glass . Francis sit groggily on the sofa , a drink in each hand . he polish off one and then the other . he lean over and set one empty glass on the floor but hold on to the other as he put he head to the nearby pillow and doze off . cary , Bill and Shep crowd around nikki who be still seat -- all have drink . the tray - carry hotel employee have apparently exite . Bill propose a toast . bill here 's to nikki 's dainty leg . as smooth and hairless as a egg . shep wheee ! cary hurray ! nikki ' Ray ! they drink . another knock at the door . they all yell , " entrez ! " the door open to reveal frink -- whose face fall when he see the other man with nikki . the other be not happy to see he , either . cary well ! here come that licentious old man . who invite he ? cary hand he glass to Bill and move to meet frink as he enter . frink ( sneering ) still drink ? cary ( shake he head mockingly ) how can you tell ? cary watch frink approach nikki . frink Morning , nikki . after a pause , nikki look up at he uncertainly as if she do not recognize he . then she peer at he through she lorgnette . nikki oh , it 's you . ( after a pause , reluctantly polite ) wo not you sit down ? frink thank you . frink move off to find a chair . Shep set down he drink and follow he . frink start to move a chair but Shep stop he . shep say , I do not think nikki like you . frink oh , no ? shep no . what do you wanna hang around for ? frink well , what do you hang around for ? shep I ? why , I come to bring nikki some posy . I will bet you do not bring nikki any posy . frink I -- well -- during the above dialogue , Bill nudge cary mischievously and they glance down at the tray in front of they . they exchange know nod , pick up some drink , bring they over , and offer one to frink . bill have a drink ? frink no , thanks . shep cure the shake . frink I have not get the shake . cary let 's see . hold out you hand . Bill and Shep watch with interest as frink hold out he hand , palm up . cary no , turn they over . frink turn they over , palm down . cary look at frink 's steady hand , impressed . cary say , that 's pretty good . cary look down at the drink in he own hand . cary let 's see if you can hold this . cary set the glass on top of frink 's downturned hand . frink balance the full glass with ease . cary say , that 's great . cary place a second full glass on frink 's other hand . frink balance both glass with ease . cary express keen admiration . cary steady as a rock ! frink look at the other , a little smugly . cary slowly back away and walk off , as do the other . frink 's face fall as he realize he have be leave stand in the middle of the room with two drink balanced on top of he hand and no way to safely remove they . cary , Shep and Bill return to nikki and crowd around she . cary well , I guess that will keep he hand out of mischief for a while . frink , abandon , reluctantly plead with the other . frink hey . take this off . but the other simply ignore he . cary now , let 's see . where be we before we be so rudely interrupt ? bill we be talkin ' about nikki 's leg . cary that 's right . we be talkin ' about nikki 's leg . and havin ' a fine time , too . the asian may who have be work on nikki 's foot abruptly rise . woman finis . the man cheer , " yay ! " and nikki smile at the woman as she exit with she tool . the man crowd closer to peer down at nikki 's leg . shep let 's inspect the job . but nikki quickly cover she toe with a hand . nikki oh , my poor toe . do not look too close . nikki wrap she robe around she leg and stuff they under body . since she 's no longer use she footstool , cary commandeer it and sit on it . cary well , what 's the matter with you toe ? nikki grow extremely somber and begin to tell a story -- very slowly . her eye stare into space and she voice convey terrible sadness . nikki well ... when I be a little girl ... a worried look cross cary 's face . nikki ... my mother buy I a new pair of shoe . ... and they be way too short . ... Shep and Bill listen soberly . nikki ... and I have to walk all the way to Sunday school and back . ... down the road . ... and it be hot and dusty . bill ( hand to he face ) oh , take she away ! she 's breakin ' my heart ! ( sob ) nikki and when I get home ... my toe be spoiled . cary ( on the verge of tear ) oh , dear , oh , dear . shep that 's such a sad story . let 's all have a drink , quick ! they eye pop . the man jump up eagerly and run off . nikki , thoroughly nonpluss by this , take a sip of she drink . Shep , cary and Bill crowd around a tray and start imbibe . meanwhile , frink look around unsuccessfully for a way to lose the two glass that be still balanced on he hand . for the first time in this scene , nikki be on she foot . she walk over to the drink tray and put a friendly hand on the shoulder of Shep and cary . nikki and now would you all excuse I ? on account of I be gonna put on a dress . cary well , why not ? nikki walk off , exite into she bedroom . the man continue to stand around the tray , drink . in the background , Francis sleep on the sofa . over by the fireplace , a frustrated frink , still balance the two drink , cast a dirty look at the other . he angrily hurl the glass into the fireplace , smash they loudly . Francis , startle awake by the noise , jump off the sofa . the other stare at he . shep my , my . what 's he get so excited about ? frink , furious , rub he hand with a handkerchief and stuff it in he pocket . frink you guy think you be so darn smart . Shep , Bill and cary laugh at this . cary consult he pocket watch . cary well , cheerio , fella . I be off . Bill wave goodbye . cary eat a last olive , toss the toothpick and head for the front door . cary see ya later . cary exit as nikki 's voice drift in from : the OPEN bedroom doorway nikki ( o.s . ) what be the plan for the day ? Shep , drink in hand , enter and lean on the wall outside the door . shep well , on account of it 's raining and everything , we think we would go over to the cluny and play billiards and drink beer . nikki ( o.s. ) how about cary ? shep go to get he hat and coat . he 's go to pre lachaise . nikki ( o.s. ) pre lachaise ? what 's pre lachaise ? shep a cemetery . how ' bout you come with we ? nikki ( o.s . ) no. I be go with cary . shep ( concerned ) you have be invite ? nikki appear in the doorway , dress to go out . nikki do you think cary might object ? shep well , I have a idea he would like to be alone . nikki why alone ? shep well , cary like to be alone . he 's as brittle as a breadstick . one silly crack from you and he might break up in section . nikki ( think about this ) well , then , I do not think he should be leave alone . ( beat ) tell I , what 's cary do in Paris ? shep what be we all do in Paris ? nikki I know . but why do not he go home ? shep well , he 's not ready to go home . what could he do if he go home ? have people cry over he hand ? nikki well , it seem - a pity to go on like this . he 's such a sweet soul . shep one of the best . nikki be not he just sort of waste himself ? shep on the contrary . he 's try awfully hard to get hold of himself . lose in think , nikki move off and a worried Shep follow she to : the front door Shep stop nikki from leave . she 's a little downcast as he admonish she : shep now , listen . if you tag along , for heaven 's sake , be careful what you say . do not start get sorry for he and do not cry over he . ( with a chuckle ) and , above all , do not make any unfortunate remark , hear ? nikki ( earnest ) oh , I will not . why , who ever hear of such a thing ? nikki open the front door and exit into : the hallway where cary -- carry coat , hat and cane -- emerge from a suite across the hall from nikki 's and head for the elevator . he stop when he hear nikki call to he . she run to join he . nikki cary ?! cary ? I be come with you . without wait for a reply , she start for the elevator , then stop to look down at she shoe . nikki oooh ! ( to cary ) ooh , wait for nikki ! she leave he and run back to : the front door of she suite where Shep still stand . he watch with surprise as nikki run in . nikki ( call back to cary ) wait for nikki ! puzzle , Shep follow nikki who rush to : her bedroom closet nikki draw the curtain to reveal she enormous collection of dress and shoe . Shep , drink in hand , wander in slowly and lean against the doorjamb as he watch nikki pull off one pair of shoe and put on a seemingly identical pair of red one . shep what be you change you shoe for ? nikki on account of I can walk faster in red shoe . Shep watch she hop and scurry off . fade out fade in ext . avenue casimir - perier - later that day passerby carry umbrella on this rainy day . a taxi cab pull up to a sidewalk caf -- LA regence , accord to the awning that cover the little iron table . cary emerge from the cab and pay off the driver as nikki hurry under the awning . cary join she and , after a word to the driver ( " restez ici. " ) , look at the rain . cary ( to nikki ) perhaps we would better stay here a while till it clear up . nikki could we sit down here , do you suppose ? cary I think so . would you like something to drink ? they move toward the caf . as cary hang up he hat , a waiter arrive . nikki what should I drink now , do you suppose ? cary order the drink as nikki move to sit at a table . cary ( to the waiter ) deux picon citron . the waiter acknowledge this and head inside , call out the order to he bartender . cary join nikki at the table and sit down . she remove she glove and fix she face while he take out a cigarette and light it under the follow : nikki picon citron ? cary very refresh . make you laugh and play . nikki ( amused ) that 's what you always promise . ( suddenly serious ) cary , why do Shep lambert go on drink so desperately ? cary do not we all ? nikki not like Shep . cary well , Shep have that tic under he eye , you know . take a lot of drink to keep that quiet . nikki but be not there some kind of treatment or something ? cary Shep could never stand a long course of treatment . drink 's the only corrective so far as he 's concerned . he 's find out the tic do not work when he 's tight . so he stay tight . the waiter arrive with the drink . as he spritzes seltzer water into they glass , cary lean over to light a cigarette for nikki . the waiter leave and they drink . nikki seem such a pity . how do he get the tic ? cary in the war . nikki I know . but how ? cary well , it 's not very romantic . nikki well , do not tell I if you do not want to . cary well , you see , a tic be a nervous habit . nikki yes ? cary lice under he bandage . nikki oh . cary he have the devil of a time . he nearly lose he mind . so you will have to excuse he a little . nikki I be so sorry for Shep . cary well , do not let he know it . nikki well , be not he go home ? not ever ? cary not ever . not in he dark glass anyway . nikki can not something be do for he ? cary he will have to be - reborn . nikki how 's he go to end ? cary well , how be you go to end ? how be I go to end ? how be anyone go to end ? how 's you picon citron go ? nikki it go fine . but do not anything make any difference to you ? cary not now . a long time ago , perhaps , when I be a little boy . nikki tell I , where be you little ? cary in Minnesota . on a farm . nikki be you happy then , cary ? cary I think so . nikki tell I , what be there to be happy about on a farm in Minnesota ? cary ( lose in think ) ohhh , thorn - apple tree in blossom . the smell of burn leave in the fall . the sound of horse ' hoof on the road . ( look at nikki ) do you ever dig up a indian mound or uncover a nest of baby field mouse ? or explore old trunk in a attic ? listen to the moan of the telephone wire in the winter wind ? see a gypsy caravan ? nikki ( enthralled ) so that be why you be happy . on account of apple blossom and field mouse and telephone wire and gypsy caravan and old trunk and thing ? cary that 's right . nikki exhales , drink , look at cary and shake she head . nikki but be not you go back ? not ever ? cary would you like another picon citron before you go ? the rain be lift . nikki finish the last of she drink . nikki no. I be ready now . cary leave some money , nikki gather she thing . they rise and walk off . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - late that afternoon cary and nikki stroll into view , arm in arm , and look around . the rain have stop . they be the only live people in the ancient cemetery . nikki who all be bury here ? cary oh , poet , painter , philosopher -- nikki cocoanut ? cary no cocoanut . poet , painter , philosopher , musician . they have pause . cary look around , point with he cane . cary there 's chopin . nikki oh , I practice he . he give she a look and they move on . cary and there 's balzac . and there 's hlose and ablard . nikki oh , tell I about ablise and loard . cary no , nikki . not ablise and loard . hlose and ablard . nikki I be sorry . I really do not do it on purpose . it be on account of the picon citron . tell I about hlose and ablard . cary well , they be bury here in the same sepulchre side by side . nikki why be they bury side by side ? they stop . cary they be the world 's most famous lover . ( look off , point with he cane ) there 's the tomb . they approach the large tomb which be fence off by a low iron gate . cary remove he hat , nikki peer at the double sepulchre through she lorgnette . nikki tell I about the world 's most famous lover . cary well , ablard be a scholastic philosopher -- nikki whatever that be . cary whatever that be . he gain a foot in a certain household as tutor to a maiden call hlose . and employ he unlimited opportunity for the purpose of -- well , betrayal . not , however , unmix with real love . he carry she off to Brittany . nikki tell I more . cary well , she uncle be furious . he blame ablard for the whole thing . he conceive a terrible revenge . nikki ( uneasy ) I be afraid for ablard . cary he break into ablard 's apartment one night and perpetrate upon he the most brutal punishment . nikki oh , dear . cary the lover be force to live they life apart . but when they die , they be bury here side by side . ( peer down at the ground ) there 's a story that little heart - shape stone be suppose to grow around the tomb . nikki heart -shape stone ? cary and lover come and find they and exchange they with each other . ( look at nikki ) and , so long as you keep the stone from the tomb of hlose and ablard , no harm can come to you true love . nikki how perfectly beautiful . cary be not that a quaint legend ? they crouch at the iron bar of the gate surround the tomb and take off they glove under the follow : nikki do you think I might find a heart - shape stone ? you help I , cary . cary all right , nikki . only we have to leave soon . ( look off ) they close up the place . nikki just as soon as we find we stone . they reach through the gate to poke at the rock and gravel surround the tomb . after a moment , nikki rise and walk off excitedly with a stone in she hand . nikki I find one ! where 's yours ? cary , too , find a stone and rise to join she . nikki and cary hand as the couple sit near the tomb . they show each other the stone in they upturn hand . nikki take the heart - shape stone from she palm and place it in cary 's stiff , weathered hand . then she transfer he stone to she hand . nikki and , now , you take mine . and I will take yours . they close they hand over the stone as we pull back to a wider view of nikki and cary smile at one another . nikki be not that the way the story go ? cary that 's right , nikki . nikki and , now , no harm can come to we true love . cary ( amused ) and , now , we will have to go . he start to rise but she put a hand on he arm . nikki you be so nice to let I come with you . I spoiled you whole day . you be go to do something else , be not you ? cary ( look away ) do not matter . nikki well , what be it , cary ? why do you come here today ? cary ( not look at she ) to pay my respects to a old comrade . nikki oh . and you want to be alone . I be sorry . oh , I be so sorry . ( begin to weep softly ) do not pay any attention to I , cary . I can not help it . you make I cry . he stare at she , astonished , as she ramble on . nikki oh , do not look so troubled , cary . I be all right . I just want to cry for a minute . ( put a hand on he shoulder ) on account of you be so nice . you be so clean , cary . and you tooth be so white . you be so civilized . you do not care about anything any more , nor anybody . nothing make any difference to you . nothing can touch you . ( realize ) why , you be lose . you be all lose . you and Shep and the rest of you . ( take he hand ) oh , I want to do something for you . I want to help you . ( look at he wrist ) let I wash you bracelet , cary . ( point ) why , see ? the silver 's all tarnish . the silver 's all tarnish . ( remove he bracelet ) I will take it with I and scrub it when I get home . I will polish it with my nail - brush . nikki turn to put the bracelet in she purse . thoroughly unnerve by this emotional outburst , cary look around . cary it 's get dark . cary rise , deeply uncomfortable . nikki try to make amend . nikki well ... ( rise , cheerily ) anyway , we find a name for my turtles ! cary turn and look at she , amaze . cary hlose and ablard ? a name for you turtles ? so that 's what you be look for . I might have know how it would end . he look down at the heart - shape stone hold awkwardly in he stiff hand . his thumb brushes the stone and it fall to the ground . dissolve to : int . nikki be bedroom - that night nikki sit , soberly polish cary 's bracelet with she nail brush . Shep enter , drink in hand . shep hi , nik . she look at Shep forlornly . nikki ( sadly ) hello . Shep walk over and confront she . shep cary 's in a state . say he 's go away . can not stand it any longer and all that sort of thing . ( sit on the bed ) what happen between you two , anyway ? nikki cary seem so sad and everything -- on account of I would take up he whole afternoon . ( sigh ) so little nikki say , all merry and bright , " well , anyway , we would find a name for my turtles . " shep a name for the turtles ? Shep crack up with laughter and fall backward on the bed , he head dangle over the edge . shep that 's funny ! Shep keep laugh , twist around on the bed and sit up again . shep name for the turtles ! that 's so funny , all right ! Shep hold a hand to he head and catch he breath as nikki join he on the bed . shep why do you always have to be funny at the wrong time ? do not I tell you cary be brittle ? how do he respond to that line ? nikki ( morosely ) pull down the iron curtain . Shep crack up again . worried , nikki tug at he sleeve . nikki do he say he be go away ? shep ( through he laughter ) yup . gotta get away from it all . nikki then , you have get to go to he right now ! nikki rise and urgently pull Shep , helpless with laughter , to he foot . nikki and explain that I do not mean it ! tell he how it be and everything ! shep listen -- nikki no , go on . you go right now before it 's too late ! she push he toward the door . shep but nikki--! nikki you go right straight to cary . they exit . dissolve to : int . cary room - later cary remove clothes from a rack as a now serious Shep , drink in hand , stand nearby try to reason with he . shep now , listen , cary , you do not have to behave like a old Easter egg . you be break nikki 's heart . she do not know any better . cary she do not know any better ? well , whether she do or not , I be go a long way away from nikki . nikki and she turtles . shep whew ! you sure be in a uproar . what you need be a drink ! cary pack a weathered suitcase . cary I need more than a drink . I need a lot of geography between I and that girl . shep where do you want to go ? cary anywhere . so long as it 's a long way from nikki . ( pause , look at Shep ) you know -- that girl do thing to I . ( back to pack ) I have get to get away . shep well , I wonder what 's happen in Portugal tonight . cary stop pack and give Shep a look . cary say ... ( think it over ) I wonder what be happen in Portugal tonight . Shep stare at cary , astonished , and move off . cary set he pack suitcase upright . dissolve to : int . nikki be suite - late that night Bill and Shep set a large steamer trunk upright . bill and shep heave ho ! Bill open the trunk . bill ah ! there you go . nikki appear , carry a suitcase . nikki if cary 's go to Portugal , why can not we go to Portugal , too ? ai not we get any rights ? bill sure we get rights ! get organize for they own impromptu portuguese expedition , Bill , Francis and Shep fill the trunk with nikki 's thing as frink lean on it , smoking a cigarette and eyeing nikki coolly . shep cary better not think he can screw up in Portugal and leave old Shep behind . frink say , when 's he leave ? shep ten-thirty in the morning . sud Express . nikki do not we have to have passport and thing ? shep sure we gotta have passport ! Bill join nikki . bill what kind passport you like ? nikki what kind passport you get ? bill we have ebony , cocoanut , thornberry passport . nikki ( grandly ) I will take vanilla . she brushes past he and cross to a table where she be join by frink . frink good night , nikki . I will see you on the train . nikki you be goin ' , too ? frink why not ? ( with a sly smile ) I might , uh , pick up a couple of feature for my paper - in Portugal . frink walk out the door . nikki sigh a little and then busy herself with carry item the trunk . Shep arrive with a selection of dress as the group crowd together . chaotic overlap dialogue : shep nikki , do you want --? nikki do you put all my shoe in ? bill you bet . there they be -- shep I do not know how you be go to get all this dress in , nikki . from the trunk , we dissolve to : int . nikki be suite - next morning a mountain of trunk and other luggage pile on the floor . nikki sit down near Shep who finish pack a suitcase on the floor . nikki do not we have to go like anything ? the train leave in twenty minute . Francis lean casually on the tower pile of luggage . Bill stand next to he , smoking a cigarette and call ironically to nikki : bill be you sure you have everything ? nikki ( miss the irony ) I - I think so . Francis click he tongue as he regards the pile . francis ( dryly ) hardly seem enough . suddenly , nikki gasp and rise . nikki oh , my turtles ! my turtles ! the turtle be pluck from the tub and place in ... ... a basket by nikki 's little asian may . the fancy beribbone wicker basket have a oversize handle which make it a rather improbable turtle carrier . Bill secure a wire mesh cover over the basket and carry it out of the bathroom , hand it grandly to Francis . bill here you be , Francis ! you be the custodian of the turtles ! now do not fall down on the job . Bill walk off . Francis call after he , worried : francis hey ! I never tend turtles before . nikki arrive with a bottle of water and soak she hand . nikki now , all you have to do - she give Francis the bottle and sprinkle the turtles with water from she wet hand . nikki - be to sprinkle them now and then , like this . francis oh , yeah . I see . some of the water end up in Francis ' eye which he wipe with the basket 's ribbon . nikki walk off and Francis practice soaking he hand and sprinkle the turtles . in the bedroom five bellhop march in and , under the direction of nikki and the man , proceed to carry off the luggage , chatter in french . nikki well , we be off . ( to a bellhop , about the trunk ) be careful of that one . burden with luggage , the bellhop file out through the suite . Bill , suitcase in hand , follow they out , beckone to Francis behind he . bill uh , come on , Francis ! take that turtles ! Francis hurry along carry the basket , follow by Shep and nikki . fade out fade in ext . train station - later that morning a whistle blows . they luggage already aboard , Francis , nikki , Shep and Bill walk down the platform , parallel to the train . Bill clap he hand exuberantly . bill there she be , boy ! the sud Express ! shep can you imagine cary tryin ' to run away and leave we behind ? Bill laugh . nikki peer at the train through she lorgnette . nikki do you suppose he 's really gonna be here ? bill sure he will be here . he 's never miss a train in he life . francis say , do you suppose the turtles will be all right with that porter ? Bill give Francis a supportive pat on the back . bill aw , sure they will be all right . all you get to do be - ( gesture with he hand ) - sprinkle them ! Francis nod soberly . Bill laugh . nikki point , excited . nikki there he be ! farther down the platform cary busy a paper from a newsboy and step onto he train . bill ( o.s . ) say , cary ! on the train step , cary stop and turn as he friend arrive and gather around he , grin . nikki hello , cary . cary ( surprised ) well , hello . what be you all do down here ? bill we just come down to see you off be all . cary well , that 's darn decent of you . francis ya get a nice seat ? cary yeah , right by a window . nikki oh , how nice for you ! bill ( with childlike desire ) come on ! show we you seat by the window ! shep ( cheerful , insistent ) yeah , come on , cary ! we wanna see that seat by the window . climb the step , Bill and Shep crowd a confuse cary and force he into the train . follow the other , Francis help nikki up the step . francis come on , nikki . they all board the train and head for : int . cary compartment - a moment later the group crowd into the small compartment . bill my , my , what a swell train . shep sud Express , train de luxe . say , I wonder if a chap can get a drink on this train . bill sure ! I do not see why not . push the button . Bill push a button for the porter . cary ( flustered ) well , I be afraid you will not have time for a drink . we be gonna start in a minute . you will have to get off . everyone but cary grab a seat . astonish , cary stare at each as they speak : bill get off ?! gosh , no . we like this train ! francis this be a train de luxe . shep yes , we like train de luxe , do not we , nikki ? nikki sure ! train de luxe be what we like . the whistle blows . cary panic . cary hey ! he 's blow the whistle . ( grab Shep 's shoulder ) hey , we be gonna start . shep well , let she start . the train start . Bill jauntily throw he hat up to the luggage rack above and the other settle in for they journey . bill let 'er go gallagher . who care ?! francis who care ?! shep who care ?! nikki who care ?! frink enter casually . frink hello , everybody . cary be stunne . frink sit down with the other . cary and you , too ? frink that 's right . the group take in the train 's departure with perfect composure . cary stand and look at they for a moment before break into a understanding grin . cary that 's right . who care ? cary sit . as the train hurtle out of the now empty station , nikki suddenly turn to the window and wave goodbye to no one at all : nikki Goodbye ! Goodbye ! do not forget to write ! Shep , Bill and Francis quickly join in , wave and shouting goodbye , much to cary 's amusement . even frink manage a smile at this . dissolve to : the train's wheel racing down the track . dissolve to : int . cary compartment - in the heat of the evening the compartment doorway . we hear the man laugh . Bill -- drink in hand , he necktie loosen and he coat off -- appear in the doorway , come from the train 's corridor . bill hi , man ! look what I find . with a grand gesture , Bill present a elderly british gentleman who follow he into the little room , greet with a cheer of " hooray ! " from the man who sit around , similarly coatless ( save frink ) , smoking and drink . various bottle stand on a central table . the old gentleman be greet warmly but it 's never clear whether he be a old friend or a total stranger . shep come in . francis sit down . cary have a drink . gentleman ah , thank you , no , not I . Bill and the old gentleman sit down . nikki doze in she seat by the window . the basket of turtles hang from above . gentleman I - I say , be you all go to Portugal ? shep yup . we be go down there to investigate condition . gentleman investigate condition ? bill drink condition , mostly . shep by the way , what be condition ? gentleman do not you know what condition be ? shep no . never see one in my life . bill the drink condition be pretty bad right here . gentleman ( chuckle skeptically , glance at the bottle ) ahh , indeed . bill my beer 's full of cinder . cary good for ya . make ya lay hard - shell egg . the man laugh . a whistle blows . the conductor appear briefly in the doorway to announce in french that the mademoiselle 's compartment be ready . cary nikki ? the man say you compartment 's ready . nikki wake , rise , and clutching she pillow , head for the doorway . nikki I be glad -- on account of it 's be so hot and I be so tired and I want to go to bed . shep go to bed ? who ever hear of such a thing ? Bill rise to confer with she at the door . bill can we help you undress ? nikki no , thank you , William . the old gentleman look rather astonished at this casual exchange . francis take off you shoe ? shep undo you hair ? bill scrub you back or something ? nikki no , I can manage quite well by myself . good night , everybody . the man say , " good night . " frink , who have be watch nikki with a predatory eye , be the most polite : frink good night , nikki . nikki turn and disappear down the corridor . the old gentleman mop he brow with a handkerchief and stuff it in he collar . cary can you imagine that ungrateful old trollop ? she would not let they help she undress . gentleman can not understand it at all . cary you know , she 's not very pretty . but when she be a little girl , she mother always say she have the nicest hair-bbonst . gentleman indeed ? cary she get one tooth turn around , she can not see very far , and she 's always speak out of turn . otherwise , she 's a mighty fine piece of architecture . gentleman mm , seem to need a few repair . during the next exchange , frink , seat by the door , grin at Bill and Shep , then notice Francis doze off . frink cautiously rise and exit into the corridor without anyone notice he departure . shep she 's get eye like a assyrian Queen 's get eye . bill you be not never see no assyrian Queen ! you be just a-makin ' that up outta yore own head ! shep I do so see a assyrian Queen . cary in whose green hat ? shep in the Metropolitan Museum 's green hat , that 's whose green hat . Francis ' pocket watch chime . he wake , rise , put on he hat and move absently toward the door . see this , Shep , Bill and cary shout at he : " whoa ! " Francis pause in the doorway and sleepily turn to the other . cary hold on there ! where you goin ' ? shep you be not go anywhere . you be on a train . francis sorry . shep you go back to you turtles , hear ? you have be neglect you assignment . Francis move to the hang basket of turtles , take off he hat and , bottle in hand , wet he finger and sprinkle the turtles . curious , the old gentleman rise to join he . Francis explain as he work : francis I have to sprinkle the turtles , see ? gentleman sprinkle the turtles ? francis sure . the old gentleman nod and click he tongue with understanding . francis cool them off . gentleman hm ? francis turtles get feverish on train . gentleman ahh ! uh huh . a woman 's scream drift in from the corridor . nikki be voice cary ! francis what 's that ? gentleman hm ? the man hear nikki scream . cary nikki ! Francis , cary , Bill and Shep -- in that order -- scramble out the door , leave the old gentleman behind . nikki be voice cary ! Bill ! Shep ! the man rush down the corridor to : int . nikkix compartment - a moment later frink grapples with a half - dress nikki , he lip press to she neck as she struggle to free herself from he grasp . nikki cary ! energize by nikki 's peril , Francis burst in and pull frink away from she . francis say ! nikki grab a wrap from the turn - down bed and cover herself as frink push Francis hard into a nearby wall , knock he to the floor . frink get out of here ! frink turn back to a defiant nikki as cary enter and see a daze Francis slump against the wall , clutching he head . cary grab frink 's shoulder and spin he around . cary say , what 's the idea ? frink what 's the idea ? well , what business be that of yours ? by now , Bill and Shep have enter and join the tense confrontation . cary nikki , you all right ? what be this tough try to do to you anyway ? nikki well , I be just go to bed and he come in and flang himself all over I . cary frink , you would better get out of here right away before something happen to you . frink what right have you to tell I to get out of here ? this be not you compartment , be it ? cary oh , I see . you wanna argue about it . if you do not clear out of here right now , you be liable to get hurt . frink all right . suppose you put I out . bill ( savagely ) put he out ? I will snap he spine and throw he off the train ! cary roll he eye at this remark and wisely hold Bill back . cary hold everything , Bill ! distraught , nikki sink down on a chair . nikki oh , dear , do everybody have to act like this ? frink turn to she in protest . frink I be not gonna let this silly drunk tell I where to get off . shep silly drunk ?! cary silly drunk , do you say ? frink yes . and that go for the whole bunch of you . bill let I have he . cary ( to Bill ) wait a minute . I will take care of he . frink you will , eh ? frink start to strong - arm cary . cary punch frink in the jaw , knock he onto the bed . shep socko ! as frink slump down to floor and lean against the bed , half - conscious , Francis rise and watch the proceedings with a hand on he head . nikki oh , dear ! cary , fist still tightly clench , stand over the daze frink as Bill brighten considerably and wipe he hand with delight . bill mm! now , be not that nice ? have you ever see anything so cute ? Francis exit uncertainly . cary will you be all right now , nikki ? nikki ( unsure ) uh huh . cary ( to Bill and Shep ) grab hold of that fella and drag he out of here . cary exit . Bill and Shep haul frink to he foot . bill come to papa . nikki watch Bill and Shep lead frink out the door . CUT to : int . cary compartment - a moment later Francis sit by the window , rub he head . cary arrive and sit down next to he . cary take Francis ' water bottle and hand it to he . cary here , Francis . do you stuff . Bill and Shep carry frink in and dump he on the seat opposite Francis . Bill walk off , wiping he hand happily . the other be grim , furious at frink for he action . Shep watch a disgust Francis soak he hand and sprinkle frink as if he be one of nikki 's turtles . frink snap out of he daze . cary frink , do not you know better than to try a stunt like that ? frink oh , I - I lose my head over the girl be all . I be sorry . I apologize . cary well , you apologize to nikki in the morning . and do not you ever get out of line again . the next time , it might be different . Francis pointedly sprinkle frink one last time . they give each other a dark look . Francis finger the neck of the water bottle as if he be go to use it to smash frink in the face . as they glare ominously at one another , we fade out fade in ext . lisbon , portugal - day crowd city street . a superimpose title read : lisbon dissolve to : lisbon night montage cocktail shaker in the hand of a expert who shake it rhythmically as appropriate Latin music begin . this dissolves to a kaleidoscopic view of we protagonist enjoy the night life : nikki 's image dominate at the center , surround by image of the man in dinner clothes . everyone drink , except frink who smoke a cigarette and stare , desirous and snakelike , presumably at nikki . dissolve to nikki and she war bird ( minus frink ) seat at a bar in a otherwise empty club late at night , wear goofy party hat . they swallow a last drink and start to leave -- laugh , talk , merrily blow little party horn , take a bottle or two with they , and wave to a unseen bartender as they go . someone say , " good night . " we track in for a closer look at the bar , cover with many empty glass . and the music and the montage end . dissolve to : int . cary and shep' HOTEL room - day cary , wear a robe , see Shep still asleep in bed . cary put on a party hat , sit on the edge of he own bed opposite Shep 's , pick up a party horn and blow into it , hard . the horn squeal horribly . Shep wake with a start and sit up in bed , completely unnerve . cary laugh at he and , with he clench hand , pick up a bottle . cary wake up , ya big sissy . ( pour a drink ) here , drink this . it will make you laugh and play like any old thing . Shep groan and sigh as cary hand he a glass with he fist . shep say , cary , what day be this ? cary it 's Wednesday . shep Wednesday ? Wednesday what ? cary the twentieth . shep what month , I mean ? cary you mean to say you do not know what month this be ? shep I know once but I forget . cary well , it 's June . the merry month of June . shep June ? say , maybe I better get up . cary look at Shep , amused . shep what town be we in ? cary you be in Lisbon , Portugal . shep Lisbon . that 's where I think it be . I just want to check up be all . cary ( a little concerned ) say , what 's the matter with you , Shep ? do not you really know where you be or what day it be ? shep I kind of lose track of thing . cary say , this be get serious . cary let the goofy hat fall off he head into he hand and set it aside . shep serious ? be anything serious any more ? cary well , it 's serious when you do not know where you be at . what 's gonna become of you ? by now , Shep have polished off he drink . he set down the empty glass . shep oh , I will be all right when I have have a couple of drink . say , what town do you say this be ? cary I just tell you , Lisbon . come on , now , pull yourself together , Shep . we gotta get organize for the bull - fight . Shep , excited , get out from under the bedcover . shep ( like a little kid ) bull -fight ? be we go to a bull - fight ? cary sure . a portuguese bull - fight . shep be that guy frink come along ? cary ' fraid so . shep gee , be not there any way we can get rid of that guy ? cary somebody will have to shoot he . Shep rise and walk off . shep not a bad idea at that . cary watch he go and blow he party horn , wryly . dissolve to : ext . arena - day a bugler blow he own horn , grandly , while stand before colorful bull - fight poster that read : corrida do touros a crowd file in under a arched entranceway . we little group enter , dress for a day at the fight . bill praca de touros ! and , sure enough , the word over a decorate archway read : praca do touros bill I wonder if there 's a bar inside or anything . a friendly , English -speak portuguese man name pedro overhear this and join they . pedro sure , there be a bar . shep let 's find the bar . we gotta get organize for the bull - fight . pedro right this way . pedro lead and they happily follow . dissolve to int . the bar - minute later led by they guide , pedro , the group file in and line up at the bar . a tiny , extremely drunken old man be the only other customer . bill oh , boy ! lookit that bar , would ya ? be not that a beautiful thing ? cary what be you all gonna have ? shep beer be what I want . bill beer . frink beer . francis beer . pedro ( order ) cinco cervejas . bartender cinco cervejas . nikki and cary stand together at the bar . nikki I do not like beer . cary make you leap like a tuna . nikki do not wanna leap like a tuna . cary make you bark like a fox . nikki do not wanna bark like a fox . cary make you laugh and play . nikki that 's what I wanna do ! laugh and play ! cary ( to the bartender ) hey ! vermouth ! Bill , glass raise , propose a toast . on the wall behind he be the shadow of the drunken old man , stand in roughly the same pose . bill well , man , fire and fall back ! as Bill drink , the old man 's shadow wobble forward . Bill hear the sound of liquid spatter . he stop drink and look puzzle . a stream of liquid pour down onto Bill 's right foot , soaking he sock and shoe . Bill turn to find the drunken old man lean at a unsteady angle , the alcohol spilling steadily out of a glass in the man 's hand and onto Bill 's foot . bill hey ! what 's the idea ? the other , line up at the bar , see this and laugh . the drunken old man brushes some lint off Bill 's jacket as Bill shake he pant leg , amused . bill well , I hope I do not catch a cold in my leave ear . Band music play . cary look up , concerned . cary hey , drink you drink ! we will miss the parade ! the group hurriedly finish and exit . Shep pay the tab . Bill , follow by the old man , shake he pant leg and limp along after the other . CUT to : ext . arena - minute later the crowd cheer and the band plays as a parade of matador , picador and banderilleros enter the ring . led by they guide , pedro , the group take seat in the front row , back of the trenches . they have to sit close down so nikki can see thing . the drunken old man from the bar tag along behind Bill like a puppy dog and try to sit next to he but pedro pointedly direct he to a seat in the second row . when Bill rise to cheer the parade , the drunken old man also rise and tap he affectionately on the shoulder . Bill turn and greet he pleasantly , shaking he hand . bill well ! my old pal ! the old man tip he hat to Bill and sit . Bill shake he pant leg and give the old man a wry look before also sit . in the ring the parade end . a matador throw he montera ( he black woolen hat ) into the crowd . in the front row cary catch the hat , much to the group 's delight -- they shout " hooray ! " immediately , a cape be hurl at Bill who drape it over the railing before they . cary offer the hat to nikki . cary nikki , here 's a present for you . nikki oh , a hat ! pedro oh , seor , no , no , no -- you must not keep the hat . you must put a little present in it and return it to the matador after the fight . cary what kind of present ? pedro well , eh - a little jewelry . something you have like the chain or the watch or the - the - the cigarette case or the cuff link or - or the -- cary vanilla ? pedro yes ! vanilla ! a trumpet fanfare . the crowd cheer . Bill point , excited . bill look ! here he come ! in the ring a bull charge into view . bull - fighter and bull face off . the bull make ten pass , faster and closer each time . in the front row Bill sit next to pedro . pedro Nice work ! good work . bill what 's so good about it ? pedro he work close to the bull . bill be that so dangerous ? pedro sure , it 's dangerous . bull - fight be very dangerous . it take a lot of courage to go into the bull ring . Bill scoff and wave dismissively . cary lean in with a query . cary be it true the bull be blind when he charge ? pedro he see only the cape -- perhaps . in the ring bull - fighter and bull continue they duel . finally , the bull get the advantage and other must rush in to distract the bull . in the front row Bill be unimpress . bill Bet I could run that bull bow-legge . you know , I should have be a bull - fighter . pedro you should have start at twelve year of old . bill I bet I could start right now . cary ( put a hand on Bill 's shoulder ) sit still and behave yourself . pedro bull-fight be not for Americans . bill you think we have not get the nerve or something ? pedro why , listen , bull - fight be just for we , the latin . bill he think we be a-scare ! nikki ( helpfully ) he tackle a horse once . pedro ( stare at Bill ) tackle a horse ? full of himself , Bill nod . pedro ( turn away ; flatly ) be not the same ! everyone suddenly stare in shock as : in the ring the bull knock down the matador . other rush in to distract the bull which run wild , out of control . in the front row frink nudge Francis awake and point out the carnage in the ring . Francis glance at the spectacle briefly and then sleepily applaud . frink give he a look and nudge he to stop clap . Francis simply go back to sleep . wild bull montage the torero try to control the bull but it refuse to cooperate . the crowd watch intently . Bill take off he own hat and pick up the matador 's cap that cary have catch . torero scramble and run for they life . the bull chase they down , run across the ring , force they to jump the barrera , the protective wooden barrier that circle the inside of the arena . Bill , now wear the cap , can not resist lean over and mock a group of torero who huddle in the callejon , the safe side of the barrier , just below he . bill Nice work , tony ! Nice work , Joe ! the torero look up at Bill in surprise . one of they respond in portuguese with a gesture toward the ring , as if to ask " if it 's so easy , why do not you try it ? " the other torero laugh . Bill stare into the ring , a savage look in he eye . he put a leg up on the railing . he jump down into the ring . cary voice hey ! cary rise , stunne . cary Bill ! come back here ! but it be too late . Bill 's coat be already off and he wave it like a cape as he stalk after the bull . the bull turn and see he . Bill move toward it , wave he coat and grin like a madman . Shep be freeze . beside he , nikki scream and turn away . the bull begin to charge . cary climb over the railing . the bull charge . track fast toward Bill who hold the coat before he -- big eye , big grin . the bull be on he . the bull roar . Bill 's face snap backward in a blur , he coat follow . the bull gore he through he coat . his face twist in pain . CUT wide as the bull knock Bill 's body around the ring like a rag doll . he hit the ground hard . scream from the crowd . four torero rush in . they surround and distract the bull . Bill lie motionless . cary run across the ring . more torero and other rush in , surround the bull , finally lead away . in the front row , Shep , nikki , Francis , frink and pedro watch with concern as .... ... torero converge on Bill and try to move he body . cary join they . cary Bill ! but Bill be unconscious . a torero say something to cary in portuguese . cary and the other lift Bill . cary take it easy ! take it easy ! they carry Bill off . dissolve to : int . arena infirmary - minute later a group of torero straighten they gleam spangle jacket and walk off to reveal cary stand over a bloody Bill and hold he hand as medical personnel prepare to operate . Bill lie flat on a table and smile , amused with himself . bill cary ? I slip . cary too bad . you be do fine . bill be not I , though ? heh . it 's a cinch . bull -fight ? just as easy -- Bill break off and raise he head to look at the doctor off screen . bill hey , Doc ?! be careful . what be you do ? to distract he , cary pull out a handkerchief and mop Bill 's brow which glisten with sweat . bill you know why I slip , cary ? cary no , Bill . why ? bill on account of that beer in my shoe . Bill break off and raise himself up again . bill hey , Doc ! cary gently ease Bill 's head back down . bill cary , that bull certainly be hostile . pedro escort Shep ( in he dark eyeglass again ) and nikki into the room . the doctor , in surgical gear , put on glove and look annoyed by the intrusion . shep you hurt , Bill ? nikki you all right , Bill ? bill sure . I be all right . I be a big success . the doctor have some sharp word for pedro who acknowledge this and approach the other : pedro he want that we should go right away . pedro exit . bill I be sure glad that I - I wear my new blue short . I will be a big success in the hospital . nikki place a hand on he head . nikki I will send you my turtles , Bill . and then you will be a big success . she turn away , try not to cry . Shep follow she as they leave . shep so long , Bill . bill so long . Shep follow nikki out . cary Goodbye , Bill . Bill reach up and pat cary on the shoulder . cary look at the doctor , then at Bill , before retreate to the door . he turn to look back at Bill who grin at he . bill see ya later - cary . cary can not return the smile . he turn and go , close the door behind he . Bill 's attention turn to the doctor whose approach shadow be cast on the wall behind he . Bill 's smile fade . CUT to : ext . arena - moment later cary emerge and join the group who be gather glumly on some step . francis how be he ? cary they have just put he to sleep . nikki , emotionally fragile , hand cary he hat . cary why , thank you , nikki . there 's nothing you can do . you would better go back to the hotel . ( to Francis ) put nikki in a taxi . we will wait here . as frink and Francis exit with nikki , pedro approach cary with a couple of journalist . pedro seor , the reporter want to know why you friend descend into the bull ring . cary look off and think for a moment . cary tell they -- that it seem like a good idea - at the time . pedro stare at cary in astonishment . cary join Shep and the two of they stand with they back to the other as we fade out ext . carnival - night the amusement park at Port mayer . crowd , carnival noise , a carousel with appropriate music . at a nearby refreshment stand , we find the group , minus Bill . everyone be unusually silent and wear dinner clothes . Francis hold a mug upside - down . frink leer at nikki who ignore he while she , Shep and cary down they drink . they hear : gunshot . they look over to see : a little shoot gallery where customer rent genuine gun to shoot various colorful target and win prize . cary sound like old time . shep let 's go and shoot . cary not a bad idea . ( to nikki ) what say , Annie Oakley ? like to fire off a gun at something ? nikki no objection . shep ( to they bartender ) we will be right back . hold everything . the group start over to : the shoot gallery where a assortment of rifle and pistol be neatly laid out . cary and Shep escort nikki to the arsenal while frink and Francis tag along behind . a attendant join they to collect they money and ready they weapon . shep first one to miss pay for the drink . cary what will we shoot at ? nikki shoot one of that pussycat and see what happen . shep all right . look out , pussycat . Shep fire and miss the move cat that float across the base of the range on a endless chain and disappear . but he hit a tinier target : a clay pipe behind they . Shep 's eye pop with surprise . shep well , that 's what I be aim at , a clay pipe . ( stare in amazement ) Whole thing 's be misrepresent to I . cary laugh at he . nikki cary , let 's see you shoot something . cary take careful aim . cary look out , ball ! he fire and hit a ball balanced atop a stream of water . nikki what would you aim at ? cary well , let 's see you shoot something . nikki awkwardly raise she little target rifle to she shoulder . the end of the barrel describe uncertain circle in the air . a multiple exposure point - of - view shot of the target reveal that nikki be a little too tipsy to be handle a gun . cary move to help she . cary oh , no , no , no , nikki . nikki how do you hold it still ? cary listen , nikki , on you right shoulder . now , put you hand out there and hold up -- no , do not cover up the site . no , no , no , that 's right . now just hold it evenly -- rapid gunshot . cary look up in surprise . he and Shep turn to watch in amazement as Francis cut loose with a automatic rifle , shatter a whole row of pipe with split-second fire . the other cheer as Francis lower the weapon and stare moodily at a astonished and , apparently , very drunk frink . cary take this moment to encourage nikki . cary you can do better than that . show he up . she again try unsuccessfully to hold the rifle steady . amuse , frink pick up a pistol and imitate she . frink what be you wave at , nikki ? cary see frink point he gun at nikki and move to intervene , grab frink 's wrist with both hand . cary ( angry ) look out ! why , you fool . do not you know better than that ? Shep and Francis move to shield nikki . frink what 's the idea ? cary point a load gun at nikki ? frink take you hand off I . cary put down that gun ! frink let go of my wrist ! frink violently pull free of cary 's grasp and , as he do , the gun go off with a bang . Francis hurry nikki to safety in the opposite direction . Shep back away , clutching he side -- for a moment , it look very much as if he 's be hit . cary pursue and confront frink . cary put down that gun ! frink back up to a nearby lamp post and , wield the pistol , point it at cary . his face be tense , savage . frink listen , you keep you hand off I ! I have have enough from you ! you try any more of you rough stuff on I --! a nervous crowd of passersby pause to watch the showdown . cary oh , so that 's how it be . I think we teach you how to behave . frink , drunk and frustrated , start to lose it completely . frink you teach I how to behave ?! listen , you would better behave now or you will get hurt ! cary ( calmly ) I do not think so . I will give you three to put down that gun . it will be just too bad if you do not . frink too bad for who ?! frink cock the hammer . cary one ... cary move slowly toward frink . frink keep away from I ! I will shoot , I tell ya ! I will shoot ! cary two ... frink and cary be less than a yard apart . frink I will shoot ! I will shoot ! gunshot . cary flinch . frink drop the pistol , he face twisted in pain . he start to fall . nearby , Francis coolly fire he rifle , pump seven bullet into frink . member of the crowd scream in terror . instinctively , Shep ( still clutching he side ) and nikki each put a restrain hand on Francis ' arm . Francis lower the rifle , stare in horror and amazement at what he 's just do . cary voice Francis ? cary rush over and pull the rifle out of Francis ' hand . cary Francis ? Francis snap out of he trance as cary hurriedly return the rifle to the gallery . Shep and nikki watch , stunne , as Francis immediately move to cary and shake he hand . francis Goodbye , cary . Francis turn to Shep and nikki for equally heartfelt handshake , a odd look on he face . francis shep. nikki . they realize he be say a final goodbye . the crowd press in as Francis glance back at frink before turn and hurry off . as a huge crowd rush in the direction of the shoot gallery , Francis thread he way through it in the opposite direction and , with only the briefest glance backward , round a corner to disappear behind a building . cary stare at frink 's body as the gather crowd stream into view , then quickly start to lead a shake Shep and nikki away from the shoot gallery . cary we have get to get out of here . come on , shep. come on . they slip through the thick fringe of excited people fast gather in front of the shoot gallery and hurry off in the same direction as Francis who be now : behind the carnival building on a dark , desert street . distant crowd noise and carnival music drift in . under the light of a street lamp on the edge of the carnival , Francis stroll casually into view and swing a leg over a slackly hang boundary rope , pause to glance backward . he see ... ... cary , Shep and nikki as they round the corner and pause , a little breathless , to lean against a wall . Shep , he fist still at he side , slump weakly as cary and nikki stare at ... ... Francis who briefly make eye contact and then , without a word , turn , step over the rope and , pull he jacket collar up around he neck , walk off , instantly swallow up by the darkness . cary and nikki stare after he , astonished . cary that 's the last of Francis , I be afraid . we will never see he again . nikki do you notice he eye ? that 's the first time I ever see Francis really happy . what will happen to he , do you suppose ? cary do not worry about , Francis . he will take care of himself . let 's get out of here . let 's walk . Shep lean weakly against the wall , he eye glassy . shep no . do not want to walk . let 's take a cab . cary quickly move to a signal a cab park nearby . nikki rest a sympathetic hand on Shep . dissolve to the back seat of the taxi cab - moment later as the cab jolt down a uneven street and drive slowly through the crowded carnival , the music continue . cary and Shep sit on either side of nikki . cary be as edgy as Shep be subdued . cary do you see the way Francis pour lead into that fellow ? shep fast work . cary fast ? chain lightning ! shep Nice shoot . cary that slug go right past my ear . if I would have move a inch , I would have catch one of they myself . shep " sudden death , " all right . nikki take out a cigarette . cary what 's the matter with you , Shep ? I have never know you so quiet before . shep that 's right . I be kind of quiet . nikki ( hold she unlit cigarette ) not smoking ? shep no . nikki you lighter work ? shep good ol ' , nikki -- never have any match . nikki no . as Shep put he hand in he inside jacket pocket to pull out he cigarette lighter , a strange look cross he face . shep sure you want a light ? nikki that 's what I want , a light . Shep pull out the lighter and flick it on -- revealing bloodstain on he white shirt . nikki stare down at the blood in horror . nikki Shep . Shep ! nikki jump up and move away from Shep , into a seat opposite . cary what be it ? nikki Shep 's hurt ! cary turn to Shep , who slump back weakly against he seat with a strange look of release and satisfaction on he face . shep it 's a forgery . cary examine Shep , reach in to feel he bloody wound . nikki do something for he , cary ! oh , shepard ! cary he 's be shot ! nikki what can we do , cary ?! what can we do ?! cary Shep , why do not you say you be hurt ? shep good old cary . sweet nikki . you may not believe it but this be the best thing that ever happen to I . cary oh , Shep , Shep , do not say that . you will be all right . we will get you to a hospital . Shep put a hand on cary 's arm as the taxi continue to jolt along down the street . shep no , no , cary . do not rush I anywhere . let 's sit here for a while . the -- hurt , the jolting . urgently , cary reach over and bang on the glass between themselves and the cab driver . cary stop ! stop ! in front of the carnival 's slowly revolve carousel , the cab roll to a stop . the carousel music drift in . Shep hardly move -- head back , blank eye stare , voice dreamy and weak . cary put he face close to Shep 's , listen intently . shep that 's better . you know , cary , I feel - just like we be fall -- long time ago . do you remember ? spin ... spin ... spin . only you bring I down safe . oh , cary . good old cary . ( sigh ) best flyer in the service . nikki , seat opposite , be distraught . nikki oh , shepard , shepard , darling . cary ( reassure ) we be gonna make a safe landing again , Shep . shep not this time , cary . ol ' Shep 's gonna crash . ( beat ) say , but we be spin fast . level off . cary , level off . Shep 's head slump down . his face press against cary 's shoulder . nikki be voice oh , shepard , shepard , darling . cary can not look at he . eye wide , cary slowly press he cheek to Shep 's . cary Shep ? - Shep ?! - Shep ! cary look as if he be on the verge of tear . and yet he cannot bring himself to cry . fade out fade in ext . train wheel roar down a railroad track . dissolve to int . train compartment - night nikki crank she portable phonograph , turn it on and put the needle to the record -- toselli 's " serenade , " that strange , sad composition that haunt Europe at the close of the great War . as the bittersweet romantic music play , she listen for a moment . then she turn and sidle over to sit next to cary who be seat by the window , scribbling something on a piece of paper beside a small lamp . nikki what be you write , cary ? cary a letter . a letter to Shep 's mother . nikki mind if I read it ? cary certainly not . nikki read the letter silently . a long pause . nikki why , cary . cary , that 's the most beautiful letter I have ever read . nikki turn away and begin to cry , quietly . nikki please forgive I for cry , cary . I can not help it . you do not mind if I cry just a minute , do you ? cary no , nikki . cary put aside the letter . nikki can not you cry , cary ? cary no . nikki but you have cry sometime in you life , have not you ? cary Long , long time ago . before the war . nikki and you can not cry now ? not even for Shep ? cary Shep lambert spend he life in the war . he have nothing more to give . he have die once . and he be ready to die again . nikki this time he be play out with music . that be the way he want it . cary and Bill Talbot be a big success in the hospital in he new blue short . maybe he will tackle the angel Gabriel and - be a big success again . nikki and Francis ? cary maybe Francis will forget to wind he chime watch one day and go on sleep . till the end . it do not matter now . without they , nothing matter . we only have each other . comradeship be all we have leave . and now that 's go , too . nikki and you , cary ? you ? you be alone now . cary that 's right . I be alone now . nikki I do not want you to be alone , cary . let I stay with you . let I be with you . he take she hand , look at she affectionately . cary why , nikki . you be sweet . he kiss she hand . a strange , apprehensive look cross she face as she turn she hand over in he hand and open it -- to reveal a heart - shape stone . cary look at she in surprise . cary why , nikki , you keep it . you do not forget . she lower she eye for a moment , then look at he . nikki no harm can come to we true love . cary ( amused , skeptical ) no harm can come to we true love ? ( genuinely ) oh , nikki , you have become very dear to I . I want to help you . can not I do something for you , too ? what do you want ? what can I get you ? nikki well , I have always want a pair of Spanish earring . he give she a uncomprehend look but then break into a smile as she bury she head lovingly in he shoulder . he kiss she hand again . CUT to the train in a dark , bleak landscape as it chug away down the track . dissolve to the end