the_frightener Story and screenplay by > Fran walsh & / Peter Jackson 4 20th July , 1994 331 karaka Bay rd , 3rd drapt Wellington , new zealand ph ( 644 ) 388 1198 fax ( 644 ) 388 7915 c universal 1994 ext . bartlett house - night a old gothic house nestle in the hill above pairwater ... wrack by a rainstorn . a sheet of lightning illuminate a old monolithic victorian hospital , sprawling up the hillside behind the house . int . bartlett house / bedroom ~ night old lady bartlett lie awake in bed . she listen to the eries of she daughter , echoing from the bedroom down the hallway . patricia ( 0.8 ) {in anguish ) oooh ! please ! do not hurt not !! old lady bartlett can take it no more . she rise out of bed and pull on a old velvet araglon gown . a overweight , suowle vo late 7u' , she would have look like a young winter in she day ~ some fifty year strlier @ int . bartlett hallway - night old lady bartlety hurry into the wood penele ~ hallway - heavily emboss gilt wallpaper , lush silk carpet . she approach patricia ' S bedroom doar . patricia ( 0.8 ) ( plead ) - no ... do not .. , stop !!! abhh ! " old lady bartlett ( hesitant ) Patricia ??? old lady bartlett pause at the doer . she be scared ... she finger touch the door handle ... old lady bartlett ( waakly ) Patricia ! I be come in ! she grasp the handle , turn it ..- at that moment ... the wood panele door stretch cut into a grotesque image of a faceless hooded man ! old lady bartlett scream and stagger beck . old lady bartlett ( acreanm ) leave my daughter alonet the hooded figure suck back into the door and be go . silence ... then a dull moan from patricia . oid lady bartlett it 's alright dear ... he 's go ! she step towards the door again ... the wallpaper bubbles and bulge out of the wall next to patricia 's door ! the shape beneath the paper become that of the hooded man ... a figure who seem to be walk between the wall and the wallpaper . as the man advance , the paper flatten back on the wall behind hin . old lady bartlett scream and flee towards she bedroom . the wallpaper man ripple after she . int . old lady bartlett nos bedroom - night old lady bartlett race into she roapignd slam the door . her tremble finger twist the key , the lock . she back away towards she bes\te wee not mallpaper man energe '' out of she wallpaper by the loor old lady bartlett back away from he as he advance down the bedroop wall towards she ... she go into the middle of the room , snatch up she dress table - stool and hurl it at the shape in the wall . wallpaper man ' S arm stretch out and catch the stool ... crunch ! he crush it between he paper cover hand . gup lady bartlett waste no time ... she 's out of she joor ... int . bartlett hallway - night ss . and down the stair , run towards the front entrance . wallpaper man run after she - a bizarre figure rippling along the wall , and down the stair . he beat old lady bartlett to the front door ... she spin around - flee into ... '' int . bartlett kitchen ~ night ++. the kitchen . wallpaper man swell out of the floral kitchen paper , right inte the middle of the roc . the walipaper be stretch way past break point , yet stay intact ... the figure walk tcwerd old lady bartlett ... we can make out very few feature on the ekull - like face beneath the paper ... only e sadistic grin be clearly define . oln lady bartlett whimparg as the paper~clad hand reech for she throat ... ker finger fueble into ea drawer ... she grip @ huge carve knife , hold it by the blade . she wince as she cuta herself , blood trickle through ber tightening finger .-. she atab wildly ] blow after blow pierce wallpaper han ! with each eweep of the biade wallpaper man ie shred ... finger , hand , arma , face ... por ea brief ponent we glimpse what be under the paper , .. nothing ! the xxitchen rattle 'as wallpaper anly suck hinself back into the wall ... papar dangle from the wall . ent int . bartlett hallway - night old lady bartlett stagger into the hsllway and collapee eat the foot of the stair , sobbing . she releese the knife and clutches ber cut hand . suddenly ! the carfet surround old lady bartlett rise up form the eabspe of giant finger ... they wrap around she and squeare ... shes scream , patricia ( 0.8 ) mf . leave she alonai whip onto ... patricia bartlett stand at tha top of the stair . she be dress in a white night gown ... a dishevel look woman in she early fifty . she use to have @ soft , attractive face , but '' lifetine of euffer bas etched line of sorrow around she aye and mouth . patricia it 's I you want ! with a guttural rumble , the carpet sink away from old lady bartlett ... reforming into the figure of the hocded man . as qui¢k and silently as a panther , carpetman race up the stair , rippling beneath the stair runner . total p.a@ patricia fall to the floor as the carpet billow beneath she foot . carpetman rise out of the floor behind she , take a grip on she wrist and silently drag she into the bedroom . . she make no sound , she face expressionless as ... the door of hear bedroom slam shut . CUT to : int . newspaper sub ~ editor 's room ~ day credit over : a series of close ups screlling through a newspaper front page layout on a vdu screen ... '' death strike again " appear on screen ... finger tap keyboard ... closer still on screen ~ a photo of a suiling yuppie ~ can see the pixel - " Chuck Hughes , age 30 '' " third mysterious death this week , twenty Three in two nonth ~ what be happen to the people of fairwater ?* the fairwatar gazette 's aditor % }wacoa ravansei , be lean over she junior reparter 's shoulder , scrolling through the story on he bo ‘gan . magda be a immaculately attire career woman in she early forty . she have a stealy gaze and a heart of flint . the young feporter , steve bayliss fidget anxiously . magda start read the text aloud ... magda % - ( read } '' the mystery heart condition that bas kill twenty - three people in two month , have claim another victim . doctor be baffle as to why seasingly fit and =o healthy people be suffer massive heart attack '' . ext . fairwater - day looking down on fpaikwater from the surround hill ... -+> it be a emall , but pretty town , nestle in a wood wallay on the edge of a rocky New England coastline . house be parched on the steep slope of tha hill above the flst commercial district and town centre . a coustal freeway skirt the edge of town , magda 's v/o continue ... magda ( cont ‘d 0.s ) . ( read ) many of fairwater 's resident be claim that the shadow of desth have once agair descend on the town " ... ( to steve ) what 's this '' shadow of death " stuff ? I do not like it . steve ( 0.5 ) ( nervous ) it ... it 's what they nre say , miss ravanskil people be start to frank out . tilt down : to reveal fairwater cemetery ... position on a roll hillside , high above the town . a funeral service ie in progress ... ext . cemetery ~ day a series of cu 's of the funeral ) service ... the mourner ... the priest ... the funeral director press the button , the coffin tower genre the grave ... we also see a shabbily s&ige man in bis late-thirtia loitering near the mourwer . they see irritate by he presence . he approach a weeping woman and talk to she quietly , hand she a business card . her husband push the man away ... he approach another mourker , but meet a equally hostile reception . the man finally beata a undignify retreat across the graveyard towards he battére . old Ford . we have just see frank bannister attempt to hustle up sope business . throughout this agequence , wagda ravanski ‘s v/o have continue : . magda ( cont ’d 0.s ) ( read ) " for decade the nabe of fairwater have be synonymous with death , follow the infawpous 1954 adley / bartlett wurder spree , en twelve people die at the band of hospital orderly John Charles Bradley and Patricia Anne bartlett ... now , forty year later , the grim reaper be ence again stelking the quiet street of pairwater -* int . newspaper sub - editor 's room = day magda sigh deeply --- hang she head . steve fidget nervously . . . magda 1 ? no , Steve ... no , no , no . have you en’ learn nothing during you not with we ? this. be '' tabloid trash ... irresponsible scare monger . what be you try to say here ? that death be the great serial killer of all time ? ... this really suck , Steve . . steve flinch . magda ( cont ’d ) | call the coroner 's office - get some usable quote ... I want fact : detailed medical background , quote frou the sheriff 's office ... and get rid ef all reference to death as a person ! int / ext . frankn car / cemetery ~ day close on : open newspaper - headline " hughes to be buried today " , circle in pen . tilt up off the newspaper , lie on the scruffy front seat of frank bannister nos 10 year old Ford ... frank get into he car , pause slightly befere gun the engine ... ext . fairwater hill road = day frank 's Ford splutter away down the wind hill road . credit end . frank take a bend too fast and slew across the center line ... int / ext . franks car / road - day a bunch of he business card slide off the front seat onto the floor . frank glance down , cursing . .--a huge truck loom into view ! frank gasp and pull on the wheel . in a blur of movement and a squeal . of tire , he car do a one - eighty degree spin . a collision seem inevitable ... frank shut he eye ! somehow franks car miss the truck by inch ... it slew to a stop on a grassy lawn . ext . lynskey house - day frank be still grip the wheel with white knuckle as he slowly open he eye and focus on the great lump of hedge lodge on the hood of he car . he groan . frank ( under breath ) Jesus ! ray ( 0.s ) to ob my God !!! > ray lynskey come run oure & ae n house ... from he designer sportswear and well mo physique it 's clear that this guy be into physical fitness in a big way . he look at prank ' 's car in disbelief . ray ( cont 'd ) I do not believe this ! this be not happen ! ray stare at the two deep groove that have be slice into the lawn by frank 's tire . ! m I . my lawn ... wee , destroy '' frank climb out of he car ... he offer he card to ray . frank I be sorry ... I '1 ] 1 pay for any damage ... ray shake a fist at frank . ray I swear to God , I be gonna sue you ass ! '' frank look ... just send I the bill . ray glance at frank 's card and snort with derision . ray '' prank bannister . Communications with the dearly depart ..- psychic investigator " !!1l that 's a good onel how come you do not see the corner come ??? ray rip the card in two . ray ( cont 'd ) goddamn pollshit ! frank quietly slide back into he car and start reversing across the lawn . ray ( cont 'd ) - ( yell ) it 's gonna cost . you , buddy ! I want this lawn completely resurface ! ray wave he arm at the gape hole tear in he hedge . ray ( cont ' D eat I wanna fully as hedge transplant ! T a ant half - ass little seedling that be gonna take ten year to grow ... ye hear I ? . frank continue raversing onto the road . ray snatch up a headless lawn dwarf from the ramain of the hedge . ray ( cokt ‘d ) and I want wy lawn dwarf replace ! : this be a onemef@ collector piece ! frank disappear down the road . ext . sanatorium ~ day Pov through car window ... slowly drive along a narrow road approach the dilapidate entrance way into the old pairwater tuberculosis sanatorium ... a rusty chain link fence ... a gate hang off it 's hinge ... @ sun dlister sign . int . locy ’s_ car ~ day lucy , a attractive wouan in she sid twenty , peer out from bahind she steering wheel , as she turn she car into the old hospital entrance way . po ext . sanatorium / bartlett house - day crane up ... over the fence as lucy 's car pull up in front of the bartlett house ~ nestle into the steep hillside below the vast old hospital complex . even in the light of day , this place have a dark , gothic creepiness . lucy get out of she car and head towards the bartlett 's front door . close on ... front door , as it fly open . old lady bartlet ? glare at lucy . old lady bartlett ( aggressive ) this be private propertyi lucy keep walk . Lucy mre bartlett ? I '' Dr lynskey ... I work at tha medica ) center . old lady bartlett Dr Zamina be my pereena physician ! G 4 old lady sbartlett 's right 4G . bound in pakeshift ge bandagee . Lucy Dr kamins be attend a funeral ... I be see he patient today . - int . bartlett lounge = day ae close ow ... bandage come off old lady bartlett 's hand , revealing the cut acrose she fingara that bas now turn septic . old lady bartlett ( 0.5 ) I wes cut the vegetable and the knife slip . Lucy be kneel next to old lady bartlett with a bowl of hot water and some dressing . Lucy a few stitches and you will be fine pe 1 / 1 ) drive you to er . old lady bartlett impossible ! lacy it 's 8 deep cut . old lady bartlett just clean it up and give I sone antibiotic . patricia ( 0.58 ) if the doctor say you should go to the emergency room mother , you bust go . lucy turn to see patricia stand in the lounga doorway . she be dowdily dress , a slightly vacant glaze in she eye . old lady bartlett lurchas to she foot . old lady bartlett patricial to you roou ) patricia hesitates ... she catch lucy 's S eye , a curious look of sadness . . old lady ( cont 'd ) this inetant . ~ 1 G '' a patricia turn . t al wey just a minute ... lucy approach patricia , who shrink away . Lucy ( cont ’d ) I be not go to hurt you . lucy gently touch patricia 's neck ... she flinch as lucy ease she collar down revealing the large purple welt on patricia 's neck , locy frown . lucy ( softly ) who do this ? patricia avert she eye . old lady bartlett ( firm ) I think you have better go now , Dr lynskey . with surprising strength , old lady bartlett takee hold of Lucy 's forearm and steer she towards the front door . ext . bartlett house - day ul . old lady bartlett thrust lucy out onto the front porch , shove she coat and bag at she . old lady bartlett you do not know who my daughter be do you ? lucy look at old lady bartlett with a air of defiance . Lucy yes ... I do , Mrs bartlett . old lady bartlett it 's not true what they say about she . Patricia have be a model citizen since she release . lucy neds curtly at old lady bartlett ... she turn and leave . old lady bartlett watch lucy walk to she car . ext . lynskey house - night a the lynskey house ... '' gredge -e. deep tire track ... only the bedroom tore be on . ray ( 0.8 ) she 's a murderer ! Lucy ( 0.s ) I feel sorry for she . int . : lynskey bedroom - night ray be work he row machine on the bedroom floor , wear nothing but he boxer short ... lucy be sit in bed read a tacky look book call " killer couple " , the cover of which feature bonnie & clyde , parker . & hulme and Leopold & loeb . ray Lucy ! she kill twelve people ! lucy look up from the book . , Lucy it be never proven that Patricia bartlett be actively involved . she fall in love with the wrong guy ... close on : a glossy photo of a grin twenty - two year 12 . old want . he be attractive look , but with a satantic gleam in he eye . the caption below read : " johnny Bradley , on the day of he execution . his last word : ' TI get the a score of 12 ! top that !’*. lucy ( cont ’d ) ++. it can happen to anyone . ray she be there ... they should have fry she when they fry Bradley ! Lucy turn the page ... a photo of a young Patricia be lead out of court by she mother . - luci ( acidly ) she be fifteen year old . ray sigh ... lucy shut the book . lucy ( cont ’d ) I do not think shes be in getty out of that house y year ... q\ ray stand , sweat dribble 4 re chest . ray can we talk about something else ? 1 like how amazingly well I do at . work today ? like ... guess who 's - ask I to be they personal trainer ? lucy ignore ray ... he crawl onto the bed like a panther ---. he slap the bed cover with the pal of he hand . ray ( cont ’d ) _- ( lascivious ) come on , honey ... I have get a friend who want to meet you ! lucy allow ray to pull she down into a embrace . ray ( cont ’d ) ( nuzzling she neck ) I make reservation at bellisimos . favorite table ... remember ? sday ? ray suddenly pause ... he pluck a card out of the fold of the bedclothes . ray ( cont ' ’d ) ( annoyed ) what the hell be this do here ? close on ... prank bannister 's business card ~ now in one piece . lucy glance up disinterestedly . she shrug . ray ( cont ‘d ) ( puzzle ) I tore it up ... do he come back to the house ? Lucy who ??? ray the moron who take out the hedge ! suddenly ! the bedclothes rise into the air , throw ray onto the floor ! they hover four foot above lucy , gently billow like a laid back fly carpet . lucy sous one ry '' G ( panick '' Holy shit ! er wocy ( worried ) what ' 's happen , Ray ??? the bedclothes start to rotate ... they suddenly shoot across the room , slamm into the wall . ray grab lucy and pull she to the floor as the bzdclothes zoom over they head , darting around tne room like a trap fly . they suddenly lose power and drop onto ray and luucy ’sss huddle figure . ray ( from below bedclothes ) eee tornado ! some sorta localize air current ... lucy jump to she foot , throw the bedclothes away . she back away from thes , rigid with fear ... collapse on the bed . Lucy ( tremble ) ' we window be shut ... at that moment ... the bed lurch into the air ! lucy scream and cling onto it ... it apin around slowly . 13 , ray 4 , oh my God ... . . lucy Ray ! help I ! get I off ! ray hurl himself onto ths bed , grab lucy . they both crash onto the floor . cut to : int . frankn house = night close on : phone ringing . hand immpediztely snatch it up ... frank bannister look gris as he listen to lucy 's panicked voice ... frank I be on my way , Dr lynskey ! int . lyrskey kitchen - night lucy put the phone down . G gt ? a } 'o you make I wr ee I do not want that con-man in my house ! angle : om ray stand in the middle of the kitchen as cupboard open and ghut wildly , chair float in the sir , knive and fork danca about on the bench . ray ( cont ’d ) there 'a a rational explanation for this ... we do not nead a goddamn spoon bender tell we what to a . dol Lucy Ray ! we nve get a poltergeist ! ray it 's nothing the police can not handle ! a cratily whirling saucepan sping through the air , collect ray on the back of the head with a loud " dong " ! he drop . cur to : for ext . lynskey house - wight headlight of be epeed car approach the lynskey 's bouse . frank ‘s car suddenly veer off the road ... leap the curb and skid to a halt across the lawn ... cut freab furrow in the graaal low angle : car door open and frank emerge , bag in hand . int , '' lynskey kitchen - night Lucy be apply ice to the back of ray 's head ... he wince , hold a wet face cloth against he forehead -.. all be quiet . . frank rush into the kitchen ... frank Dr lynskey ? lucy nod ... Lucy it go quiet about five minute aga ... frank survey the mess . frank unsystematic displac be it over ? ee frank shake he head . < frank persist residue of the depart , always a problem at this time of year ... you appear to have a bad case of recurrent spontaneous psychokinesis . I locy '' ( worried ) be there anything we can do ? frank I can do a clearance ... it 's not cheap , but I do offer a six sonth quarsnte . ray how wuch ? frank two forty - nine , ninety - five ... ' sith a thirty percent penalty for & callout after midnight ... oh , what the hell ... let 's just call it quit over the hedge . ray look sour -.-. ray be about the object , but lucy shoot he a stern look . frank ( cont ‘d ) -»» plus a hundred buck for gaterial ... I can not afford to be out of pocket . ray ( sullen ) just do it , bannisteri frank go to work ... he pull a black BOX out of he bag ... plug it into a ' Wall socket . a electrical arc fizze between two a small fan in the side of the box spin electrode . around . locy ( nervously ) . why we ? why be they in ' yur house ? framk - franks black BOX gain power . it rattles on the bench . close om frank ... he narrow he aye in a theatrical manner . frank pull a water pistol cut of hie bag emanation be confine to the graveyard , ma‘am ... but sometine they get out . it 's usually the young one - in search of some harmless fun . I often see they on the 's ets , in people 's house , down at Granger 's thrifty Mart ..- lucy ( shocked ) Granger 's ??? frank yeah ... there 's always a bunch of thes hang around the pet food stand on a Saturday night . ray for godsanke , bannister ! , frank ( quietly ) thare 's a whole other world there that you folk can not see ... ie . '' frank ( cont ’d ) step aside . frank brandish the water pistol like mel Gibson , he atarte squirting water around . frakk ( cont 'd ) Holy water ! frank disappear into the lounge . ray shake he head , still clutching the face cloth to he forehead . ray this be bullshit see total bulishit ! frank 's black box suddenly stop ... a emall green light flash . frank amble back into the ritcnem po pull a silver poil bag out of the middle of - he quickly seal the top and offera it to aye this belong to you ... six ectoplacmic epanation . lucy look bewilder . prank ( cont ’d ) some people like a souvenir ... ( be grin ) they can not escape . where shall I put 's a ? mR. Lucy ( nervously ) I do not think we really wanna hang onte that ... do wa , hon ? e garbage crépesal prank shrug and sauntera over si weee drop the bag into the af a quick burst of the motor and theay be go . lucy gasp . prank do not worry , they de n not feel pain . at least , that 's what the book gay .-. but I guess wa all naver jaw for sure . prank grin at ray and lucy . ray ( irritate ) alright ... you can go . 1 ? , '' ray take the face cloth off he forehead .-. frank etare at he forehead ... franks Pov .... the number " 37 " be oark in raise welt of skin on ray '' ' S forehead . . ray . what the hell be you stare bt ??? frank what 's with the number ? ray clearly do not know what he 's talk about -»- lucy . look at ray ' S forehead ... Lucy what number ? ray ( pad ) be you try to freak oe ? it will not work buddy ! ya.no€ get anymore money out of erat ee get outta here ! frank back out of the houge . ext . frank 's house - night look down on fairwater at 3em ... there 's not a lot happen . crane down ... to reveal frank 's house perch high on a bluff above the town . in the moonlight we can make out little detail ... but it be obvious that the house be only half build . headlight approach up the wind road , and frank poll : into he drive . he hop out of he car and go to the back , open the trunk suddenly ! ... a ghoulish emanation rush out of the truck ! frakk leap to one side ... another emaration lurch out ! . frank slam the trunk . the first apparition - stuart harper , stagger cover to 4 low wall and sit down clutching he stomach . stuart I think I be gonna throw up ! stuart be in . he early twenty when he die . he have a slightly retten appearance and continually dribble with ectoplasmic slime . we can see through he , although the degree of translucence be not always consistent ... stuart have a double degree in art history and theology . cyrus be the other apparition . he be a black dude from the seventies ... White disco suit , build up heel and sideburn . cyrus man , I hate that trunk ! frank I be not have you spread you ectoplasmic muck over ny seat . ~ stuart well I be sorry fra nex but we be not travel anymore . it 's impa : ie to york under this we nevrus we wanna sede in style , man . stuart reach into he pocket and angrily fling a pile of Frank 's business card onto the driveway . . stuart I quit ! frank be not buy into any of this ... rt. frank shut up ! frank give stuart a angry shove ... he wobble on he foot , lose he tenuous center of gravity . emanation be make up of loosely compact particle that can be distort , scattered , stretch and squeeze - always return to they original shape . frank ( cont ’d ) ( angry ) you clown leave se high and dry , tonight ! I arrive at the house and ' there 's nothing happen ... you guy be just sit around watch . I could not believe it ! stuart we actually strain we back , lift the bed , Frank ! frank come on ! you could have swing some cupboard arourd ... flashed a few light ! how hard be that ? I have gotta have something to work with ! frank fish he key out of he pocket and enter he house ... cyrus jive in behind frank . stuart stagger to he foot . stuart - prank ] I do not go to college to spend the rest of my life haunt people ! frank close the front door in stuart nos face ... the emanation momentarily flatten against the door , then pass straight through it ! no with int . franks hallway - night e '' stuart emerge into the hallway . J frank listen , guy ... I gotta lot of creditor knock on my door . if I go under , you go under ... six foot under , back in the cemetery ! stuart look horrify . a - frark ( cont ’d ) we be only just scratch a live here , and you guy better pull you weight ! frank walk into the kitchen and slag the door . stuart ( worried ) he 's not serious about the cemetery ... be he ? cy yrrus 1 it , man . I be gonna play se ome music ! stuart oh , God ! not isasec haye ... anything but Isaac heye . cyrus disappear through the wall , into the lounge . . cuT to : ext . franks house - night the theme from shaft boom out over fairwater . dissolve thru to : ext . franks house - next morning Sun rise over fairwater . we can see franks house more clearly now ... it be only half finish : large section bave not be clad . a whole wing of the house consist of nothing but framework . protective tarpaulin flap in the wind . stack of brick and timber litter the section . a old concrete mixer be park st the top of the drive . none of this would be unusual ... if it be not for the fact that the construction clearly stop some ten year earlier ... everything be badly weathered , rusty snd weed grow out of control ] admist the halt complete house . yy bang ! bang ! loud gunshet echo out of the house . a@ '' frank be hum to himself in a hot shower ~ steam fill the shower stall as he let the water cascade over he head and shoulder . int . frank 's shower - morning the water pressure suddenly die . frank frown and &djust the nozzle ... the pipe bulge and cyrus balloon out of the shower head ! his head and shoulder be terribly distort . cyrus it 's the judge , Frank ... the cat 's real upset man ! he 's get he wix shooter out ! bangl bang ! more gunshot . cyrus disappear back into the pipe ... before he can react , frank get a face full of scolding water . frank aggh ! 2 . int . frank nos kitchen - horning frank storm into the kitchen ... he be confront with the sight of . the judge ... a tall elderly emanation - a lawman from the last day of the nineteenth century . the judge be embalm , but it be a cheap job and have not stand the test of time . his dry mummify body be in a advanced state of decay ... he look even worse without he jaw bone ! the judge be swivelling around , blaze away wildly with two rusty ghost colt . frank flinch as ghost bullet pass through he body and the wall behind without leave a mark . cyrus and stuart peer warily out of frame painting . judge ( gurgle ) damn rustler 's take I jaw bone ! a mangy transparent ghost dog be racing around the room , circle the judge at high speed ... the of jaw bone clench between he tooth !!! frank drop to he knee , attempt wit the dog . rustler ! here boy ! ce rustler ignore frank and keep racing around the roon . bang ! bang ! the judge take potshot at rustler . a ghost bullet ricochet past stuart 's ear , take a nick out of it . ectoplasm dribble between he finger . stuart for godsake , Frank ! I could have meet . be kill ! frank take a fly leap at rustler , bring he down in a tackle . he tug the ghostly jaw bone out of the dog 's mouth . frank put you shooter away , judge ! the judge snatch he jaw bone out of frank 's hand and fan it back into he face . judge ( flex jaw ) ' sneaky little sidewinder ! 1/11 have the varmint stuff ! rustler playfully lick the judge 's hand with a wet , rotten tongue . ccot to : 22 . int . frank 's lounge - night like the exterior , the inside of frank 's house have also be leave unfinish for many year . very few of the wall and ceiling have be line - timber frame be visible throughout . no painting have be do and makeshift furniture be scetteread about . frank be quietly hunch over a newspaper in the gloomy lounge . the judge sit in a large old armchair ... he enite a soft glow in the semi~darkness . judge prank ... when 3 man 's jaw drop off , it 's time to reassess the situation . frank look at the judge with concern . frank ( reassure ) . what be you talk about ? you 're in great shape . '' G se '' ~ judge ek ( shake head ) I '' fall apart ... my joint sre get powdery . frighten 's @ young man 's game . I be not get no more haunting leave in I ... Hell , I can herdly rustle up a scare ! ( lower voice ) Frank , do not go say noth 'in to the boy , but ... my ectoplasn 's all dry up . bl . frank ( regqretfully } I be sorry to hear that , judge . the judge shake he haad sadly -.. judge I have get meself a nice little kr up there at the cemetery ... t could scon be time to lay ny bone . frank jut judge ! who 's gonna help I inish this house ? the judge chuckle softly . jodge you be not touch this place in ten year , Frank , if I wait around for - you , I / 11 never get to rest in peace ... prank ? frank be search the peper , quickly turn the page , scan he eye up and down the column . frank ( annoyed ) darn ! ext . fairwater street - day close on : colorful banner hang from lamp poet announce the Tuesday night open of a sajor new exibition at fairwater Museum ... " evidence embaln ... the secret of ancient Egypt " crane past banner ... to pick frank 40ne cross the busy fairwater highstreet . he loo ! ah ted and carry a fold newspaper under he frank storm into the " fairwater gazette " office . int . newspaper office ~ day magda ravanski be sit at she desk ... frank sit opposite she . magda I be sorry Mr bannister , but we : be no longer run you soe advertisement . I have have a strean of complaint about you ... business practice . freying on the bereaved be about as low as you can go . this paper no longer intend to associate itself with you dubioey activity . frank I have 's right to advertise sy service to the public . magda , in case you have not notice , wa be in the amidst of a major bealth crisis . the last thing people need be a 8 two - bit eharlatan offer to pass on bogus message from the other side ... now - if you will excuse mm . 24 . magda stand and walk towards the door . frank how be I go to earn a live ? magda hold the door open for frank . magda ( sneering ) " live " ... that 's not a word you would know a lot about be it , Mr bannister ? ' CUT to : ext . STREET / newspaper office - day frank angrily slam the door as he storm out of the newspaper office . he march across the road , cause a hearse to slam on the brake ... the coffin slide around in the back ! various car in the funeral entourage blast they horn at frank ‘s reckless jaywalk . frank do a double take as he notice lucy lynskey sit in the back of one of the ait . frank reach the other side @ road ... he hear the sound of run foot : ray skey be run down the sidewalk straight towar im ! ray be pale and frighten . - ray run straight through other pedestrian ! he be transparent ! nobody seem aware of he presence . he approach frank at breakneck speed . frank shy back , but too late ... whack ! . ray thump straight into frank and both man fall over . a couple of passersby help frank to he foot . ray stay on the ground look at frank with disbelief . ray ( desperate ) . bannister ???? passerby 1 be you alright buddy ? frank look ray straight in the eye . prank ' tes . passerby 2 someone should do something about the state of this sidewalk . the passersby wander off . ray ( desperate ) bannister , .. you gotta help } they be go to bury not ! frank glance about ... he gesture for ray to follow hin , ext . alley ~ day prank enter the alley off the main street . ray hurry up to he . ray npanick } please ! what 's happen ??? frank you appear to be dead , Ray ! ray do not gay that ! it 's not possible ... I be in the prime of life ... I work out everyday ! hy wife 's a goddaan jockor ! frank do not buy into ray 's ' hysteria . frank ( calmly ) '' why do not you take the corridor ? ray what corridor ? I frank the corrider of light .. the pathway to the cther side . ray I de not beleng on the ether side . Jesus , I be only twenty - four ... frank ( calmly ) what happen , Ray - ray & wae on the row machina ... I suddenly feel this vice- like grip squeeze my heart ... I could not breathe ... ray hold up a tremble , translucent hand ... ray ( cont ’d ) I have get the shake ... I need go vitamin b! frank shake he head ... frank you do not need vitamin anymore , Ray ... you do not eat , you do not drink , you do not go to the bathroc ... it 's all over . tear well in ray ' be eye . frank ( cont 'd ) in a year 's time , on the anniversary of you death , you will have another chance to cross to the other side - to become a pure spirit . until then you be what 's know as a Zarthbound emanation . a cloud of rotting bioplasmic particle , leak ectoplass from every orifice . b ray '' G 9 ( squeak ) oh , jesusi c& ray burst into tear . frank ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) do you understand ? ray nod , wiping tear away with he sleeve , mr : ray ( upset ) give we a rid , prank ... I do not wanna fias my funeral . cuT to : ext . fairwater cemetery - day the mourner be gather around the graveside ..- frank be car pull up outside the gatea , int . franks car - day frank grab ray 's arm ... frank listen , Ray ... ths cenetery 's not a good place . stay close . 27 . ray 2s. ( agitate ) later , Frank ... I wanna hear what they be say about I ! ray frantically grab at the door handle , but he finger pass through it . frank handles take a bit of get use to ... frank roughly shove ray through the door ... ext . fairwater cemetery ~ day '' ray tumble onte the ground ... ray coowsl he scramble up and run through the cemeteryngate - frank 8 hay : ( urgently ) ee ray scream ss a huge ogre - like spirit rise out of the ground in front of he . gatekeeper ( guttural ) State you business ! ray tremble with fear ... frank run up behind he . mR. frank be an with I . gatekeeper . ( guttural ) you be net welcome here , : bannister ! frank hold he ground with the gatekeeper . frank it 's the guy 's funeral ... we will be ten minute . frank take ray by the arm and push past the gatekeeper . ray look about the cemetery wide - eye ... creepy look emanation scuttle furtively amongst the tombstone . a authoritarian voice suddenly bark out ... rile ( 0.8 ) get back in you grave ! SOUND of a ghostly machine - gun burst ring out , and the emanation quickly vanish below ground like frighten gopher as ghost bullet zip over they head . hile ( cont ’d o.s ) bannister !!! frank push ray towards he service ... frank keep go ... I x11 deal with this . ray head towards he gravesite ... frank turn to face ... hile ... a wiry little authoritarian spirit ... stride determinedly towards frank , carry a smoking ghost uzi machine gun . unlike frank be decompose emanation friend , heavenly spirit glow with a radiant white light , in a state of permanent physical perfection . nite , & what be you ayfog in uy graveyard ? you gate be tell to stay away ! '' frank it 's a public place , hile . bile ( yell ) I do not like you ! you can not bring you spook in here without ay ml permission ! hile shove frank , send he staggering backwards with seemingly little effort . frank angrily lash at hile , but he blow pass straight through the Spirit . : hile . ( sneering ) I '' not one of ~ you shitty emanation , bannister . you can not push spirit around ! frank ,t do not want any trouble , hile . hile gesture around the cemetery . hile you have no understanding of by situation ... we get a lotta low life here ... a lotta gutless creep who be too scared to weet they maker ! I provide a armed response at the first sign of trouble ! +e . they must be contain !!! frank for godsake , hile ... I get this speech every time I step foot in the place ! hile ( screan ) you be scum ! exploit a lower species for you own material gain ... use spook to put the frightener on people ... that make I fea ) physically ill , frank see ya , hile ... ao frank turn he back on hile ks towards ray 's funeral service , ignore the three it follow : hile ( yell ) my contract run another eighty - five year ! there ' 's a piece of dirt here with you name on it ! I be wait for you , bannister ! at the graveside , lucy be sobbing softly next to she parent .. her boss , dr kamin stand nearby . ray attempt to put a comforting be around Lucy ... but it just pass straight through . several mourner whisper saongst themselves as frank arrive in bis ill-fitting suit . " bryce campbell , ray 's best buddy , be say a few word ... bryce there ware timen when people have accuse Ray of be less than generous , but I be sura that daep down , the man possess a heart of gold and a generous spirit ... ray buret into tear . 30 . ray it 's all true ! he would not lie ... not at a time like this ! the coffin start ' to descend . lucy step forward and toss a flower into the coffin . Lucy ( tearful ) Goodbye Ray ... ray move towards lucy ... ray oh , Jesus ... wnat a waste ! it 's a goddamn tragedy ! ray reach out to comfort lucy ... he tumble straight through she and fall into the grave ! thud ! ray pass straight through the coffin and land at the bottom of the grave . he lie on hia back and scream as the black shape of the coffin descend over hin , vy frank react to ray 's scream and push through the crowd , ~* ae int . rayn coffin - day ray find himself lie spravle on top of he ow dead body . he scream and site up , pass through the lid of the coffin . ext . graveside = day I . ray emerge out of the top of the coffin . he call out to frank ray Frank ! frank - lean over the grave , try not to attract undue attention . . sheriff perry ( 0.s ) hi ya , Frank . frank turn to see ... tha local lawman , sheriff walter perry - mid forty , friendly face , slightly over weight . frank Walt ! a surprised to see you , Frank ... n here on business , I guess . . frank not exactly ... perry take frank to one side ... sheriff perry hear you have run in with lynskey , the night hefore he die . fact be , apart from he wife , you be the last person to see he alive ... frank sound like you nre the one who an here on business , Walt . sheriff perry suddenly chuckle . sheriff perry Lord no ! Ray and I get at the gym ... in fact , he would just ae wy personal trainer . frank raise he ayebrow ... shee nias look around furtively .. lower he voice +* : sheriff perry ( cont ’d ) } folk do not have respect for the law unless you look like a tv cop ! ray ( 0.5 ) {worrisd ) Frank !! — frank glance at ray ... the grave be be fill in ... dirt be pile up around he chest , but frank be poWerless to help under the sheriff 's gaze ... sheriff perry ever hear of a guy call milton danmer , Frank ? prank sbakez he head . sheriff perry ( cont ’d ) } he 's some psychic freak the FBI ere send down ... this death be cause a lot of concern . they look like heart attack , but when they open they up ... artery as clean as a whistle ( lower vo . } eee but there 's be this tressndous pressure on the heart , like it 's have the life crush out of it ... any theory , prank ? pay 33 . ( panicked ) prank !!! ray be up to he neck in soil ... frank I have to go , wait ... I wanna pay my last respects to Ray before they fill hin in . sheriff perry nod and respectfully step to one side ... frank bend down and scoops up a handful of dirt . he toss it in the grave , grab hold of ray 's ara . frank haul ray out as subtly as he can , march he away from the disperse mourner . Lucy ( 0.5 ) Mr bannister ! frank and ray spin around . lucy leave her family and hurry across the lawn towards then . ray ‘o ( excited ) . 3 oh God ... she can .me Frank ! - Lucy ! ge he break away and hold he arm out stretch as she arrive ... but she pass straight through he ! - Lucy ( hopefully ) Mr bannister ... do you want to see not ? a frank look wary . locy ( cont ’d ) I think perhaps ... you might have a message from Ray . ~ ray ( excited ) tell she prank ! tall she I '' here ! Lucy everyone say you nre a fraud , but i nve see what you can do . frank do not know what to say ..- ray ( scream ) frank ! 11 lucy look downcast at frank be silence . 34 , locy you must think I be very stupid ... excuse not . lucy turn and walk away . frank hesitates a moment longer , than ... prank Ray say he love you very much . Lucy spin around . she can see only frank stand awkwardly alone . . cur to : int . restaurant - night tracking across 8 busy restaurant ... lucy be sit nervously at a corner table . she be glamourously attire and look ravish . she tense up ... of frank enter the restaurant and wave taner . he mutter zcuething quietly as he approach . yer stand . hi ... 's 4 locy be Ray with you ? _ frank yeah ... I - pan off frank ... onto ray ~ his hair be plaster down , and he 's wipe off most of the excess ectoplasm . pity no one can see the effort he 's go to . . ray tell she she look great ! frank he say you look great . frane sit down opposite lucy and pull a chair out for ray . lucy gesture at it . , frank ifve never do a seance in a place like this before . ray shut up , bannister ! this be we anniversary . we come here every year . Lucy be Ray beside be ? frank yeah . ray put he hand onto hers , but can not make solid contact . he look lovingly at she . ray this be why I do not take the corridor , bannister ... frank be attention be catch by a group of people enter the restaurant ... amongst they be magda ravanski and the young journalist , steve bayliss . she give frank and lucy a icy look as she sail past they table . waiter ( 0.8 ) ato how be you this evening ? woule you care for some wine ? & the waiter stand next to frank , gdn . frank Lucy ... Red or white ? ray Red ! we always have claret . lucy smile at frank . mee . Lucy I have like a chablis ... I have never be fond of red ... ray ( annoyed ) Lucy ! Lucy tell we ... why be it that you can gee Ray , and I can not ? frank I be in a accident ... ten year ' ago . sometimes when you go through a trauma , it alter you ... perception . it allow you access to the part of you sind that connect with the spiritual world . 3 , ray she do not wanna hear you life story , bannister ! Lucy that 's very interesting ... TI can not imagine you ‘’d get a lot of business in a town like fairwater . frank shrug . frank youfve gotta get out there and find it ... cot to : ext . museum ~ night fairwater Museum ... a grey stone edifice position on a small hill behind the highstreet . the glitterati of fairwater be stream up the grand entrance step , attend a black tie openin : to the egyptian exhibition , qe int . museum galleries - nighk a the group of fifty guest be listen to janet king ~ a attractive young egyptologist ~- who be guide they through the spectacular egyptian display , house in a series of gallery , Stone sarcophogi , funeral statue , chariot , gold emboss coffin and burial mask , row of hieroglyphics ... even a full - size mock - up of a burial chamber - all be lavishly display in tall shadowy gallery . janet pause by a bandage mummy , and address the audience ... janet the most elaborate method of bummification be inevitably the most expensive . the liquefy brain be draw out through the nose , with a hook iron . a incision be make in the side of the abdomen and viscera be remove , except for the heart , which be believe to be the seat of the emotion and intellect ... the curator be follow at the rear of the slowly move crowd , he pause ... look down , and discover he have just stand on a curious little pile of business card ~ Frank bannister 's name be clearly visible ! 36 . . 37 . he quickly collect they together and walk briskly to the nearest litter bin ... he be just about to throw then in , when he suddenly hesitates ... a dry , shrivel unwrapped mummy be on display in a glass case next to the litter bin ... the curator stare in horror as the mummy 's head slowly turn towards he ! a bead of sweat roll down the curator 's forehead ... the pummy 's thin , desiccate lip tighten into a ghoulish grin ! the curator look fearfully at Frank 's card again , stuff one in he pocket and quickly discard the other before hurry off to rejoin the crowd , who have now move a considerable distance ahead . angle on : stuart , now visible behind the mummy - he finger pull the mumsy 's lip back . _ stuart subtle , but affective ! cyrus look at the mummy with sassy bo never think cry ay ges on someone more dacay than the judge ! judge ( annoyed ) show some respect for you elder , boy ! stuart , cyrus and the judge move further up the gallery , follow the crowd ... ar. cur to : int . restaurant = night ray if bored and sullen . he sit watch lucy and frank enjoy they meal ... Lucy ( nervous ) Mr bannister ... I have a important question for Ray . frank go ahead ... he can hear you . lucy pause . Lucy Ray ... I need to know where you invest my money ... the sixteen thousand id save ae . the attorney can not find it .. ray oh shit ! ... I blow it on a bad investment ... but , hang on ! do not tell she that ! 1711 think of something ... frank look uncomfortable . Lucy look Lucy look frank he say it 's go ... he blow it with a bad investment . ray asshole !!! shocked . ray . tell she everything 's gonna be ok . ifll look after she ... I be move back into the house ! I do not think that 's & g80d idea . a \k : up . < ~ ray bannister ! this have nothing to do with you ! Lucy what be Ray say ? frank hesitates for a moment ... - frank nothing . he just leave ... Said he be sorry , and he want to leave yor alone to get on with you fe . ray I swear to God , I / 11 kill youl !!! for Lucy that 's just like Ray ... take the money and run ... Lucy becone tearful . ss. Lucy ( cont 'd ) Ray and I have not be honest with each other in a long time . it be not a good marriage , Mr bannister . I realise that now . ray lean on the table , yell into lucy 's ear ... ray ( yell ) bitch !!! . tear roll down lucy 's cheek ... frank touch she hand . frank you will be okay . ray ( yell ) De not touch she ! 1 ! ray swing wildly at frank 's wine glass , sweeping it off the table , into frank be lap ! lucy look up as frank grab a napkin ano rub he trousers . '' G 7 I '' sorry ..-. frank ee frank swing he ball fist , connect with ray 's face . ray stagger back , clutching he nose . ray bastard ! ray beat a retreat towards the door . I ray ( cont ’d ) ( yell ) I can move shit , bannister ! you better watch you back ! ray storm out of the restaurant ... frank stand up , snile at lucy . frank Excuse I .-. I all just clean up ... frank head teward the Men 's room . int . restaurant men ‘s room - night frank step up to the wash basin , rip paper towel out of the canister and rub he trousers . 3 . the door open and a snappily dress guy in he forty hurry over to the urinal ... barry grin at frank as he unzip . , '' barry good band , huh ? frank sure ... frank glance at barry . he frown ... the number 38 be tattooe on barry 's forehead ... Ugly raise welt . barry notice frank stare and he quickly look away ... frank sneak another curious look at barry through the wash basin mirror ... barry zip up ... " at that moment ... a cubicle door silently swing open and a tall dark hooded figure glide out . we can not see it 's face ... it be sinister , predatorial ... and deri nitely not human ... move in a pool of bluey black wghf , " this be ... the reaper !!! ce frank be freeze ... as he observe the scene through the wash basin mirror . barry turn away from the urinal ... he be face to face with the reaper , but clearly do not see it . he pause , wait to use the wash basin ... the reaper slowly raise it 's hand and slide it into barry ' S chest ... he stiffen and cry out ! the reaper mo ( silky menace ) do not fear the reaper . frank turn , but be too frighten to act as he watch barry clutch he chest and sink to the floor , gasp . the reaper still have he hand bury in barry 's chest ... he twist and squeeze ... barry convulse and die ... frank break out into a sweat . the reaper rise and turn to frank ... he avert he eye , clearly not want the reaper to realise he be visible to frank . the Men 's room be suddenly fill with a blind white light ... barry 's transparent emanation rise out of he body ... he look up into a endless white corridor of swirling white light . barry spirit ( ave-struck ) non ! 4d . 4 , barry walk inte the corridor and the light snap off . frank suddenly head towards the door ... he brushes right by the reaper . int . restaurant - night frank hurry across the restaurant to lucy 's table . frank ( urgently ) wa gotta leave ! Lucy look surprised . Lucy sure ... Ill just go to the bathroom ... frank grab she wrist ... he sit down . frank no ! oe ( surpgigen ) frank look up ashen face as the reaper coze out of the wall into the restaurant . prank ??? frank ( urgent whisper ) '' do not move ... talk to I ! lucy be rattle by frank ‘s strange behaviour . mte . Lucy what 's go on ? frank do not respond . he be look out of the corner of he eye at the reaper ... as it cruise the table ~ like a White pointer search for it 's next victim ... nobody be aware of it 's presence . it sweep in towards frank and Lucy 's table ... frank ( strain ) I think it 's a good time of year to put you house on the ' market ... Lucy be totally confuse ... the reaper pause behind she chair ... lean down beside bsr face ... yellow eye be barely visible beneath it 's cowl . hd. frank ( cont ’d ) «+. price will drop before Christmas . the reaper swing towards frank . frank give it no indication that he can see it . he keep he eye fix on Lucy , but be unable to summon up any conversation . Lucy you be sweat . the reaper be inch away from frank 's face . frank ( control ) it 's too damn hot in here . magda ( 0.s ) Mrs lynskey ! the reaper pull away from frank and wheel around as magda ravanski drunkenly approach the table . magda ( cont ’d ) ( drunk ) have you have lot 's of seaningful message fron you ~* ly depart ? ms 's ~ the reaper glide up to hagdas & Lucy I beg you pardon ? magda ( drunk ) watch you wallet , darling ... al - ifve hear that Mr bannister be quick with he finger ... the reaper suddenly slide down into the floor , and vanish ... '' -- frank suddenly leap to he foot and rush out of the restaurant . lucy watch he go ... alarm on she face . ext . restaurant - night frank rush out onto the sidewalk ... look up and down the street . . the sidewalk ahead of frank suddenly ripple up and the reaper emerge ... frank take cover behind a park car . with incredible grace the reaper start to run down the Street ... it 's foot do not appear to be connect with the ground ... frank give chase . ext . fairwater street - night the reaper race along with increase speed , black cape flow out behind it ~ this creature be so graceful , it could almost be fly . frank be sprinting as fast as he can , and be lose ground . ... the reaper race towards a building ... and vanish straight through the wall . frank pull up , panting hard . the street be desert ... he lean against a brick wall to catch he breath ... -' . the brick behind he suddenly ripple out ... the reaper slide out of the wall right next to frank . he freeze , terrify . it pause momentarily , then in a frightening burst of speed , it shoot across the street and vanish around the corner . b zs cuT to : frank run after it . a int . museum egyptian galleries - night janet gesture to a ornate seal coffin , bear the feature of a beautiful egyptian Queen . it stand on a plinth in the middle of the gallery . I janet ( cont ’d ) this be Queen merytaten from the eighteenth dynasty - about fourteen hundred b.c . we have actually X - rayed she ... janet flick a switch and a row of flure flicker on behind a glass screen , back iighting a full size X - Ray of Queen merytatan . her shrivel feature be even more grotesque in X - Ray for . janet ( cont ’d ) the dark area here be in fact the quean 's viscera , carefully fackage and return the the body cavity . the judge look at the X - Ray with dewy sye . judge mighty fine woman ... good tooth ! 43 . the judge suddenly stagger towards the coffin . stuart : ( alarmed ) judge ??? judge you boy hurry along ... I wanna take the acquaintance of this fine young lady ! the judge disappear into the coffin with such enthusiasm , that it wobble violently !! stuart ( mortify ) oh God ! stuart rush towards the coffin , which be now rock on it 's base ... janet look at the mummy with ala po the crowd turn ... the curator whimper ... they ffin crash to the floor !!! \o everybody rush over to it &h janet ( horrify ) oh , no ... do not touch it ... do not touch it ! cyrus slide through the crowd ... the judge 's butt be visible , bob through the lid . cyrus reach into the coffin and drag the judge out by he ankle ! the judge . mee I have not feel that way about a woman for nigh on one hundred and fifteen year ! at that moment ... cyrus look up , he face become a mask of horror ... a tall , black hood creature come racing at unnatural speed down the cavernous gallery ... it 's black cape billow out behind , inky blue light streaking away from it 's body ... the reaper ! 1 ! cyrus , stuart and the judge stare , awestruck , as the reaper flow straight into the crowd , pass through people who be completely unaware of it 's existence . janet look up from the mummy , say something to the curator ... cyrus gaspe at the numbar 39 , etched onto she forehead ... the reaper slide dow towards she , a skeletal hand out - stretch towards she chest ... cyrus ( yell ) De not mess with she , man ! cyrus charge forward , tackle the reaper , knock hin off balance ! they slide along the polished museup floor ... with incredible grace , the reaper rise , tower above cyrus like a dark angel . in one fluid movement , the reaper produce a long wooden 's staff from beneath he cloak ... he thump the basa on the floor , and a huge jag blade swing out of the staff and lock inte place with a metallic click . the blade shimmer with a ethereal glow ... the reaper have he scythe ! cyrus leap to he foot , ready to make another lunge at the reaper , but he have no chance ... the reaper perform a double-handed sweep with the scythe , slice cyrus across the chest ! '' xt he cyrus drop to he knee , ectoplagy spill out of he chest . € q cyrus ( shocked ) he cut I ! I do not believe it ... stuart and the judge watch fearfully from they hide place , within a large statue . close on : janet stand , smile at the concerned crowd . at : janet there appear the be no serious damage ! shall we move on ? she suddenly wince ... tilt down : to reveal the reaper 's ara bury in she chest ... the hood cowl nuzzle she neck . the reaper ( silky menace ) do not fear the reaper . with a violent thrust , he bury he hand deeper into she chest . cur to : ext . street / museun - night frank run down quiet street , look all around . 45 . he pause to catch he breath . distant yelling and cry for help ... the nightsky above frank , rumble and crackle ~- like a approach storm ... a tear rip the dark sky ... behind it be the most brilliant white light ... a shaft of light beam down into the ... «+e museum ! frank race across the road , and run up the step towards the entrance . int . museum - night janet lie limp on the floor ... a man furiously pound she chest in a attempt to resuscitate she . a crowd of nervous onlooker surround she . frank race into the gallery , and react to the brilliant glow of the corridor of light - invisible to the rest of the crowd . 9 janet 's soul rise out of she body don in confusion at the white light ... frank gushes through the on-looker , reach out ... site the shoulder of janet 's soul ... she turn to , tear in she eye . close on : janet 's forehead ... the number 39 be fade away ... her soul turn away from frank , rapidly move up into the corridor of light ... and then it 's over . the light snap off . who be attempt resuscitation , hang he man ( shocked ) she ' 's go ... < curator { 0.s ) Mr bannister ! the curator take frank by the forearm and steer hiz away from the crowd ... curator ( cont ’d ) be ( hushed ) I ... I ... think we have break some sort of taboo ! stuart suddenly rise up behind the curator 's shoulder . 47 . stuart Frank ! the curator , unaware of stuart ' S presence , continue unabst , but now frank ' S attention . be on stuart . curator ( cort ‘d ) ( hushed ) please ! you have get to help we ! stuart it 's bad , Frank ! Cyrus have be cut . frank look across at cyrus lie slump against a glass cabinet . ectoplasm ig stain he white disco suit . frank ( shocked ) shit} the curator react to frank nos sudden outburst ... he hurry off to greet a group of arrive paramedics ... curator os Excuse I , one moment < 1 frank rush over to cyrus . S frank ( cont ’d ) '' ( worried ) Cyrus ??? cyrus be eulutch he chest ... he lift he ara , revealing a nasty gash , cyrus not some badass brother mess I up ae real bad , Frank . frank , look around warily , not want to draw attention to himself . he gesture to the entrance of the mock up egyptian tomb . 2 frank ( to stuart ) in there ... stuart drag cyrus into the tomb . frank hesitates m moment , snake sure he 's not be watch ..¢ he quickly duck into the tomb . int . egyptian tomb - night frank tear cyrus 's disco jacket into strip and start bind he chest ... stuart be pace up and down in a state of near hysteria ... stuart it 's not a eranation ! it 's some sort of Spirit ... a Dark Spirit . frank ( to cyrus ) do you see it 's face ? cyrus shake he head . stuart it 's a psycho , Frank ! a bloody psycho ! it could kill we all ! cyrus who be it Frank ? '' sudge ( 0.s ) gh it 's the reaper , son . the judge stand in the doorway , gada laden expression on he face ... frank stare at the judge . stuart ( terrify ) but ... but he 's @ = sythical figure , a pseudo religious icon from the twelfth century . _ judge save ya pea brain prattle for the at . classroom , boy . that be the soul collector ... he 's bin take people out since time begin . he 's goin 's about he dark business here in fpairwater , and there be not nothin no one can do to stop he es . when you number 's up that 's 2 itl CUT to : int . restaurant - night magda be talk quietly to a deputy , who scribbles note in he notebook . steve stand awkwardly beside she . the restaurant have bean largely clear of patron , except for the few that police wish to interview . barry 's body be be carry out of the bathroom on 4 stretcher in the bg ... 44 . «+. pull back to sheripf perry and a deputy oversee the scene of the death . deputy 1 déc ' say it leok like another heart attack , but he si not confirm nothing till after the aut 2 posy . sheriff perry ( frustrated ) damnlit deputy 2 step up ... deputy 2 the waiter say that some guy cane outta the john about five minute before the body be find ... sheriff perry raise he eyebrow ... sheriff perry be do ye ++. Frank bannister . he be as white as a sheet and shaking ..- waiter think he have be sick ... he do not hang around . who be that ? deputy 2 . bannister be have dinner with Ray lynskey 's widow ewe we be hold she for question ... deputy 1 gesture towards Lucy ... she be sit , nervous and confuse , at a corner table . deputy 1 suddenly arrive in a flurry ... deputy 3 there 's be another death ! at the museum ... | young woman . she 's - be take to the city morgue . there be a lotta witness ..- dinelude Frank bannister . sheriff perry look grin . sheriff perry bring he in , ext . restaurant parking lot - night prank be hurry down the street towards the restaurant . Police car and a ambulance be park outaide . magda ( 0.8 ) ( drunk ) bannister ! magda and steve be head towards she car . magda ( cont ’d ) the police be ook for you ! frank spin around . magda leer drunkenly at he .... the number 40 glow brightly on she forehead ! frank ( softly ) oh Jesus ! magda yes , I have be worried too . frank ( realization ) you be next . magda & be you threaten I ? & elling ) peputy ! 11 " mr q frank turn in confusion as two deputy emerge from the restaurant . wagda ( cont ’d ) ( yell ) it 's bannister ! he 's here ! frank be alarmed to see the deputy draw they gun ... he raise he hand . I ! . deputy on the ground , bannister ! now ! suddenly ! a chain , lie on the ground across the parking lot entrance suddenly rise into the air , trip both deputy up ... cyrus and stuart be pull on each end ! cyrus gat outta here , man ! go on , split ! frank hesitates for a moment , then race towards the back of the parkifig lot ... the deputy attempt to aim they gun , but cyrus and stuart whip the chain , knock the gun away . frank nos car roar into life ... the deputy roll aside , leaping to they foot as franks car skid out onto the street . frank be headlight catch the ghostly figure of the judge , staggering down the road towards the car . ' tudge . ( yell ) Frank ! frank slam on the brake and slew towards the judge . he brace himself for the impact ... the front of he car pass through the judge , but ... thud ! he be collect by the passenger seat and end up kneel backwards , arm wrap around the back of the seat , hang on for dear life . judge paster Frank ! there 's a posse come up we ass ! the cop car rev up ... cyrus bound acrazyto the front of the first car ... he thrust bisvnesa into the hood ... ° below hood : cyrus be head and sncutaer appear in the narrow cavity between the engine and the underside of the hood . he quickly reach out and yank the wire off the spark plug . the cop react with surprise as they engine die ... stuart be attempt to do the same on the other cop car ... below Hoop : stuart be leok about in total eqnfusion ... stuart ( desperate ) what do I do ??? stuart 's arm ig suddenly catch by the blade of the cool fan end he be suck into the radiator ! the radiator cap pop off and stuart distort head squeeze out through the tiny hole ... pressurize steam blast out around he neck . he 's shriek louder than the stean ! cop react to billow steam from engine . t cop shitiil stuart suddenly disappear back into the engine ... loud clanging ... banging ... st . ker-thwat !!! stuart be shot out of the exhaust pipe like a bullet ! he tumble along the road , before dizzily sit up ... cop - driver hop out and slam he fist against the steaming hood . . op ( angry ) goddamn it ! frank speed away into the night . int . sheriff 's office - night whe sheripf office be largely open plan , with glass partition . at one - thirty in the morning the few deputy that be on duty be look tired . Lucy be sit on a chair , clutching a cup of coffee ... sheriff perry sit opposite , deputy 2 be take note . Lucy a prank bannister be no aud . I be convinced he make hi ict with Ray . sheriff perry you say you dead husband be have dinner with you at the restaurant ... lucy nod . ' sheriff perry ( cont ’d ) a : . what do he order ? perry make eye contact with deputy 2 . they suppress a smirk ... lucy do not angewer . at that moment : agent milton dammer walk in . perry glance over and through the glass partition he see dammer casting a wary eye around the office . dammer , late-forty be short and wiry ... he have no neck , and have a habit of try to crane he head up , and fail . his eye be dark and pierce ... he have no smile , just a tooth bare grimace . from the outset , it 's clear tat dammer be a social retard . he shuffles into the middle of the office , and stand uncomfortably , clutching he hand and stare at the floor . 53 . sheriff peary ( to himself ) oh God ... ( to Lucy ) Excuse I . sheriff perry leave the office with deputy 2 and hurry over to damher ... lucy can only hear a hukble of voice , but she watch as sheriff perry greet dammer , offer he hand ... dammer awkwardly shake with he leave hand . dammer do not raise he eye above sheriff perry 's belt buckle as he mutter a few word ... sheriff perry gesture at lucy ... she start to feel self - conscious ..- sreriff perry lead dammer back into the office : sheriff perry Lucy ... thia be special agent milton dammer from the FBI . lucy nod ... dammer fail to make eye@=contact - he direct he comment to a trash can . ty be * dammer \) I come by car . I di & take the flight ... I feel about the plane . Lucy look at perry unsure of how to respond . dammer eye flick to the filing cabinet . dammer . at what time , precisely , do bannister leave for the bathroom ? aan Lucy I 'o ... not sure ... precisely . dammer do he uge excessive quantity of table salt during he neal ? Lucy ( flustered ) what ? dammer ( raigeda voice ) answer the question ! locy ( yell ) : it 's one - thirty in the morning ! I can not remember that !! dahmer blanch ... ha back out of the rook . sheriff perry look alarmed and follow hig . int . sheriff office kitchen ~ night dammer be lean over the sink , splash water on he face . sheriff perry approe7hes ... sheriff perry ( concerned ) milton ? dammer ( flustered ) sorry sheriff ... I have a problen with woman yell ... sheriff perry can I get you anything ? sherifp perry put a hand on dammer 's shoulder ... dammer back away in a fluster . dammners 6 sheriff perry ! ... ry ok violate my territorin} le . v int . sheriffn opfice - night sheriff perry returne to the office . - sheriff perry ( softly ) you be still grieve . it 's very easy for someone like prank not . bannister to take advantage . lucy you have such close nind . dammer ( 0.8 ) I object ! milton '' dammer hover uncomfortably in the doorway -.. he eye blaze . sheriff perry rapidly intervene ... sheripp perry special agent dammer have fifteen yeare axperiencea in the fiald of paranormal psychology -.- such of it spend undarcover with various eult and gectse ... danmer I get all the fruity case , mre lynskey . 2 sheriff perry por godssake sit down , milton . dammer I be more comfortable stand . sheriff perry agent danmer be the government 's number one man for ... this type of inquiry . Lucy I still do not see what this have to do with prank Ban — dammer fix a icy stare onto lucy ... dammer ( interrupt ) Mrs lynskey ! you know nothing b about Frank bannister ! you clai , 4 he be a bone fide psychic , e all I have hesrd be 7 ie ite of ander , 4ll 'o orn waffle ... lucy stare dagger at he . isherifp perry shift uncomfortably in he chair . dammer ( cont ’d ) bn the third day of July , 19894 , Frank bannister ~ at that time a successful architect - case out of the jasson 's sport goods store on 4rd and garrett . he have just picked up a ruger lever action .22 caliber rifle . it have he name engrave on the barrel . af insert image : rifle slide into frank be trunk ... saannister clearly engrave on the barrel , in cursive script . . bammer ( cont ‘d ) bannister would latsr claim that the weapon be intend for a stoat infestation at the back of he property . his wife , debra vas in ths front seat . Frank bannister be agitate that morning ... insert image : debra in car ... sheriff perry look uncomfortable . sheriff perry ( quietly ) you be mumble , milton .... can not hear a damn word you be say ... dammer ( louder ) he would just have a blaze row with Jacob platz , a builder , over the positioning of foundation for he new house ... 12.33 pm , and they ' 82 Ford be see head into the hill ... '' insert image : frank 's car wind up a narrow road ... hold on : sign ... " holloway road " dammer ( cont ’d ) . it be the last time the couple be see . soon after , possibly 12.36 or 12.37 the car leave the road on a tight corner ... 4 insert image : frank 's car crash seh undergrowth . dammer [ cont ’d ) +e. presumably bannister take the bend too fast . Lucy {softly ) she be kill ... dammer ker body be find some fifteen ~ yard from the car ... dammer pause ... - dammer ( cont 'd ) '' ++ debra bannister have sustained - a mingle gunshot wound to the back of the head ... insert image : debra 's body hit the ground . dammer ( cont ’d ) execution atyle ... ft Lucy be horrify . dammer ( cont ’d ) bannister be pick up two hour later ... he be wander in the forest . he claim to have no recollection of event ... not even the car accident . the presume rurder weapon - bannister 's rifle - have be very well hide . to this day , it have never be find . sheriff perry he never go to trial ... no murder weapon , no witness . Frank deny all knowledge ... ( soften ) he be pretty cut up about it . quit he job . take to the bottle for a time ... drank he money away . b lucy take a deep breath and exhales aye pd .7 . silence , pamer '' ( loudly ) but , do you know what be really bizarre ...? dammer eye blaze . dammer ( cont ’d ) debra 's corpse have the number thirteen carve into it 's forehead ... dammer trace the number 13 with he finger on he forehead «+ . Lucy be white ... dammer gaze cut into hey . - dammer ( cont ’d ) unlucky for sone . CUT to : int . magda nos house / bedroom - night steve bayliss be lie on the bed , sweat . the light be cut .... moonlight cast a silvery glow across steve 's naked torso ... magda ravanski ... sit atop steve ... she slip she gown off , revealing a provocative silky camisole ... +++ magda lean hungrily towards steve ... steve ( nervous ) do you really like my story about the water treatment plant ? magda it be brilliant wee you nre without a doubt the great cub reporter I have have the pleasure to work with . steve tense as magda pl :inge she face into he neck . steve I know you only = want nine hundred worde but I could not keep it to length ... magda length be never a problem for I . steve suddenly sit up cough . steve ( cough ) could I have a drink of ware , please ? a '' magda frown , pull on she cer no walk into the kitchen . ext . magda 's house ~ night lurking Pov ... peer into magda 's kitchen window as she appear ... shrink back into the shadow as she glance out . int . magda 's kitchen ~ night magda drop ice into a glass on water ... follow by a healthy splash of vodka . a creaking groan ... the kitchen wall milge ever so slightly ... China rattles on shelf . she sping around ... grab ice pick ... nothing 's there . int . magda 's lounge ~ night magda appear in the doorway , clutching the ice pick ... the lounge be in darkness ... she step warily into the middle of the room . fast moving Pov : towards magda , brush past she , then again and again ... she react by spin around , see nothing , but get spook . magda moan softly ... she back away ... down the hall ... sf . int . magda 's hallway - night .-- towards she front door . she break into a run ... moving Pov ... racing down the hallway towards she ... magda reach the doot ... desperately fumble the key ... moving Pov ... almost upon she ! she fling the door open and scream !!! frank be stand in the doorway ! he force he hand over she mouth , snatching the ice pick with the other hand . frank ( urgently ) shut up ! I be not go to hurt you . I just want you to listen ... will you listen to I ? magda , wide eye , nod ... frank release nie hand . magda immediately back down the hallway vg u7 magda ' q ( yell ) Steve ! Steve ! steve bayliss hurry out of the bedroom , frantically drag clothes on ... he give frank a terrify look . '' frank ( to steve ) get out ! steve turn and flee out of the house . we - int . magda 's lounge ~- night magda back into the lounge . - magda = you sick bastard ! I be call the Police ! she move towards the phone . frank the cop can not save you , magda . ia magda pick up the phone , just as ... the reaper ooze out of the wall behind she ! he slide he hand into magda 's chest . she gasp in pain ... the reaper ( silky menace ) do not fear the reaper ! frank throw himself forward , grab magda 's shoulder , haul she away from the reaper 's reach ! the reaper spin around inhumanly fast , snarling at frank . frank swing a punch at the reaper ... but he arm pass through ! again and again , he try and fail to make contact ... with a almost casual sweep of it 's hand , the reaper smashes frank against the wall ... frank lunge at the reaper again ... the reaper move implacably forward , pass through ~ frank , who wince in pain at the sensation ... the reaper reach down towards magda , lie on the floor . frank desperately grab magda 's ankle ... he attempt to haul she away , but she grab a heavy lamp and smashes it against frank be head ! he fall to the oye the reaper ‘s finger slide '' eo S chest ... she gasp with pain ... judge '* s) hey son ! the judge stagger into the room ... he sweep he long coat back , pull out he pair of rusty colt . frank can only watch as the reaper spin eround to face the judge . " judge ( cont ’d ) get ya filthy finger outta the lady 's blouse ! barg ! bang ! bang ! the judge pump bullet into the reaper !!! the reaper hiss , stagger back , reacting to the ghost bullet pump into it 's body ... bang ! bang ! bang ! it fall back through the lounge wall and disappear . frank look amaze at the judge who hold he smoking six - gun aloft . judge forty -five caliber colt pawacenaker , eighteen seventy four ... who need a Magnum ? magda scream ! she rush at frank , swinging the ice pick towards he head ! frank duck the blow , the pick eanbed into the wall ... frank punch magda hard ... whe slunp into he arsa , stunne . gd. framk ho1gt % hagba onto he shoulder . ext . magda 's house - night frank run out of magda ' S house , stumbling under she weight , follow by the judge . int . / ext . car / STREET - nigut frank push magda onto the front seat of he car . the judge sit behind she ... he wrap he arm around she , as she start to regain consciousness . frank leap in and gun the engine . frank 's car screech onto the road ... ahead , under a ghostly streetlight , be the dark figure of the reaper ! frank grimly steer he car towards the reaper . magda ( scared ) I ... I ... I have get money ... De not hurt I ! please ! I 'a sorry ... the reaper stand silently as frank 's car approach . he he hold he wooden staff ... tap it ' firmly on the ground ... click ! the huge steel blade . swing out up and lock into place . a it 's too late for frank to react €* he see the reaper raise the scythe at the car ... frank hang onto the wheel with one hand , grab magda 's head with the other . . frank down !!! they frank duck , push magda 's head down at the same time . the ghostly scythe cut through the car , narrowly sweeping over frank and magda 's head ... however it chop the judge neatly in half , just below he armpit ! the top half of the judge 's body tumble into the back of e car . judge goddarnit ! now the reaper be run behind the car . he leap onto the roof oo , +s . the scythe slice into the car , without actually cut the metal . it glance past frank 's shoulder , draw blood . frank clutches he shoulder , try to steer the car with he other hand . él , magda be scream and cower on the floor , totally unaware of the deadly etruggle in which frank be engage . frank be car speed up the road at high speed ... the reaper stand on the roof , a hood faceless figure grip the scythe ... wind billow he cape behind Bowes the reaper viciously twist the scythe from side to side , the blade pass through the car seat , and connect with frank ... it hook under he chin ... the car speed up ... holloway Road . ext . holloway road ~ night +». the reaper haule on the scythe ... the blade cut into frank be throat ... the bodiless judge be lie on the back seat ... he quickly reach forward and grab a ghostly six gun fron the hostler , still strapped to he lower bay . ae bang ! bang ! the judge shoot blinaly , & through the car roof . '' the reaper howl in psin and tumble off the roof of the car ! . prank ... look shead , eye widen ... insert : the road ahead be suddenly flood with daylight . magda scream ... sound dissolve through ..- daylight insert : debra , sit next to frank ... scream at something on the road ahead ... frank ... stare ahead ... tarrify . daylight insert : Pov crash zoom ... a log be lie across the road ahead ! car speed towards it ! frank grab the wheel with one hand and haul it round , send the judge spin out of the car window ! frankn car leave the road and crash through undergrowth , down a steep bank and into a forest ... ext , forest 's clearing - night . the car glance off a couple of tree , do a 180 on the pine needle and crunch to a halt against a sturdy tree . 62 . the forest floor ig light with shadowy moonlight ... dark shape of tree loom out of the darkness . magda desperately scramble out of the wreck . she be batter and bruise ... and crawl away . frank come to at the whnel ... look across at magda . frank magda ! magda look fearfully at frank ... she stagger to she foot and start to run . frank attempt to follow she , but he leg give way and he collapse in a heap on the ground ... frank gasp ! daylight insert : frank be lie in the forest in broad daylight ... debra ( 0.8 ) 4 ( cry ) . 6 - prank ??? q night : the reaper ooze out of a tree ahead of hagda ! he open he cape as she rush towards hin , unaware . frank nol ! 1 frank try to follow magda , but ig strike by image from 10 year earlier : daylight insert : debra crawl out of the car . debra ( echoed ) et prank ... night : frank rush towards magda ... frank debra ! the reaper thrust he hand into hagda ' S chest and squeeze ... she stop in she track , & surprised look on she face . frank grab magda around the shoulder , try to haul she away from the reaper 's grasp ... a distant rowble ... a flash of daylight . night : frank let go of macda and fall the the ground . daylight insert : close up ... gun muzzle . it fire - a slow rumbling explosion . 63 . night : frank grab he head as if in excruciate pain . daylight insert : thud ! Quick image of debra 's body hit the ground . night : frank cry out ... thud ! magda 's dead body hi* the ground beside frank . silence ... frank look around in a daze ... the reaper be go ... magda 's corpse be lie beside hin . white light suddenly flood onto magda ... she spirit rise from she body as the corridor of light appear ... _ frank back away . magda ( yell ) you kill I ... you kill I !!! you bastard ! . magda start to drift away , ug the corridor of light ... she stream of invective never tting up ... frank stare helplessly after she ... magda ( cont ’d ) you be sick ... this ig how you get you kick , huh ? you like to kill people ? do it feel good killing I ... huh ? do it feel good kill you wife ??? everyone know you do it , bannister ... you be a murderer !!! the corridor of light finally vanish , silencing magda for ever . frank be disorientate ... he start to run , faster and faster through the forest ... he let out be long harrowing cry .. . CUT to : int . sheripp 's ofpice - dawn Lucy sign she write statement as sheriff perry and dammer watch . damher if bannister attenpt any form of contact , you will let we know ? lucy glare at dammer . 6r. sheriff perry he will not get far ... we xva get the state line cover . ° . damher I sincerely doubt we will see Mr bannister in the near future . the man be resourceful beyond anything you can comprehend ... at that moment ... frank walk into the sheriff' office ! sheriff perry see he first ... through aio glass partition . a deputy spot frank and reach for he pistol . sheriff perry push past dammer and approach frank ... he stand calmly at the reception desk . sheriff perry ( quietly ) ' 2 hello prank ... wa xva bin '' ing for you ... we ( exhaust KS Walt . I have come to report that magda ravansxi 's body be lie near wy car , off holloway Road . sheriff perry' eye narrow . sheriff perry ( moftly} . have anything to do with she death , prank ? frank stare at perry . he look defeat ... frank ( quietly ) I ... I do not know ... milton dammer peer at frank intently with he pierce black eye . lucy step up to frank and take hold of he hand . . Lucy be you okay ? frank shake hia head . for Lucy ( cont 'd ) ( moftly ) what happen ? two deputy suddenly step in and cuff frank 's hand '' behind he back . oo . Lucy what be you do ? be you arrest he ? nammer go home , Mrs lynskey . Lucy Frank , you need a lawyer . do not say anything ! frank look at lucy with sad resignation ... frank you do not understand , Lucy . just leave I alone . a little grin flicker on dammer lip . cur to : ext . road - day & close up : judge 's sleep taceggnit by the bright sun ... '' ++ suddenly , rustler , the judge's ghost dog , lick he master 's face ... the judge 's eye flutter open , just as rustler take a grip of he goatee beard . the judge groggily push the dog away . judge not now , boy ! ~ he nattempt to stand ... only then remember that he 's lose he lower half ! judge ( cont 'd ) goddamnit ! somebody 's steal not vital ! the judge gesture to rustler . judge ( cont ’d ) here rustler ! the judge pull himself onto rustler 's back , like a waird jockey ... * judge ( cont 'd ) ( wearily ) take mse to the cemetery , boy . cé . he urge rustler forward , and the ghost dog carry he master aay ... cuT to : ext . lynskey house - day the lynskey house .. , late morning . int . lynskey bathroom ~- day lucy ig shower . steam fill the showerbox . Lucy rinse soap from she eye .-... she suddenly freeze ... stare at the glass of the showerbox ... ~«. the letter " L " be draw in the condensation by a invisible finger . lucy back away as the letter " U ... c ...¥ " follow . Lucy oe ( mmervous ) ns Ray ? we suddenly ! ... <> a impression of rayn face press against the glass ! his flesh be invisible , but the shape of squash , distort lip , nose and forehead be clearly define against the steam up glass ... hia mouth move as if talk . lucy gasp and rush out of the showerbox ! tyr. lynskey bedroom - day Lucy stride into the bedroom and start pull she clothes on . Lucy ( loudly ) : get outta here , Ray ! suddenly the window blind pull down ... the key turn in the lock ... the shape of ray press into the bed ... the pillow crease ... tha sheet indent as the invisible ray pat the bed firmiy with hia hand ... lucy be pull she jeans on ... she shake she head . Lucy of . I do not want you around I ... I do not want you in this house . I be a widow , Ray .. , leave I the hell alone ! lucy storm out of the bedroom , slamm the door . CUT to : ext . fairwater street ~- day lucy 's car speed along a city street . int . lucy 's car - day Lucy be drive ... ray suddenly loom up behind she ... he look more decompose than when we last see he ... eqtoplasm run down he face ... Lucy ig unaware of he presence . i ) ray ~ ( self pity ) i okay , it 's wy fault . I reve up ! but deep down , you know we have a great relationship , honey . it 's just that lately ... I do not feel you have be give it one hundred percent ! Lucy drive on , oblivious . cuT to : ext . pairwater medical CENTER - day the fairwater Medical center be a smallish white building onthe outskirt of the city center . lucy pull into the parking space bark with a " Dr L. lynskey " sign . int . medical CENTER - day dr kamin , a widdle age man with a kindly face , emerge from a omall walk - in freezer , carry a tray of freeze test tube . he carefully close the door , and be surprised to see lucy wander into the room . for dr kamin think I tell you to take a couple of week off . tocy 67 . I be fine ... really ! I wanna catch up on some paperwork . int . lucy nos office = bday Lucy be study a report at she desk . ray be pace the room , get more and nore agitate ... ray I just do not understand it ! be it the way I look ? be it this ectoplasm stuff ? ray wipe & goop of slimy ectoplasm off he face ... ray ( cont ’d ) do it turm you off ? honey ... come on , honey - you be pot : listen to I . '' Lucy ! ( yella ) CA lacy ! you gotta listen ! % ray sweep he arm across lucy 's desk , send she papers fly onto the floor . she sit back , startle . at that moment : the phone ring ... lucy compose herself and pick it up . Lucy hello , or lynskey speak . patricia ( 0.s ) ( through phone ) this be Patricia bartlett ... I ... I be sorry , I be nervous ~ I pave not use the phone for a long time . lucy tense up . Lucy that 's fine , Patricia ... how can I help ? cuT to : 70 . int . sheriff interview room < day frank be sit at the interview table , he finger press against he temple , as if suffer a migraine . sheriff perry sit opposite ... milton dammer stand in the doorway . dammer there have be a destructive force unleash on this town , such as I have never see . we have a body count ... dammer wave a bunch of file . dammer ( cont ’d ) +. of twenty -six . sheriff perry raise he eyebrow . dammer ( cont ’d ) 0 you nre a very dangerous man , ( mf bannister ! eo sheriff y just a minute ... nre not suggest Frank be responsible - dammer ( interrupt ) you be way out of you depth , sheriff perry ... please leave ! sheriff perry be surprised . sheriff perry fe ( indignant ) prank bannister be sy prisoner ! dammer reach into hig jacket and pull out he FBI badge . he hold it aloft , whilst stare at the floor . dammer by the pover invest in I by the President of the United States , I amp tell you get the hell outta this room ! sheriff perry frown and leave the room . dammer slide he badge back into he jacket and continue pace . dammer ( cont ‘d ) have you ever hear of Nina kulagina ? tw. frank look up at dammer warily . dammer ( cont ’d ) on . March ten , nineteen seventy , Nina kulagina use she mind power to stop the beat of a frog heart . the record of this experiment be in the forn of a cardiogran currently hold in the file of Professor genady sergeyev in leningrad . as sergeyev interprete the cardiogram , the heart seem to experience a sudden flare - up of electrical activity ... the heart implode , the artery burst ... all because Nina kulagina want the animal dead . frank slowly look up at dammer ... frank I do not kill people ... '' se damher - there 's part of you that believe that ... but there 's another part of you , Frank , that 's of control - you destructive impulse . prank I have see a figure in a cape ... I have see it reach into people 's chest and squeeze they heart ! . dammer who be it ? mf , : frank shake he head . dammer ( cont ’d ) ( shout ) who be it ??? - frank ( quietly ) death . dammer 's face remain impassive . frank ( cont ’d ) ( slowly ) I can communicate with the other side ... I can see spirit ... I do not know why ... I do not alwny understand it - '' dahmer you think you be so unique do not you Mr bannister ? in my business I deal with you type every other week ... frank bury he head in he hand again . . dammer ( cont ’d ) ++. this death figure be nothing bore than a homicidal alter - ego who satisfy you compulsion to kill . every time you decide to take somebody out , a fictional death figure suddenly appear and do the job for you ... it 's you rational mind way of absolve yourself of guilt . how else could you deal with kill you wife ? a frank , '' ( upset ) no . ~ ammer when do you start see spirit ? after debra 's death ? frank nod . dammer ( cont ’d ) you blow she away , Frank ... it be the catalyst that cause you . psyche to collapse ... frank ( yell ) 6 no ! dammer Ray lynskey ... you have a argument with he - three hour later he 's dead ! magda ravanski - we know you do not like she ! what - about the guy in the toilet ? what do he do to you , Frank ? do he piss on you blue suede shoe ? frank start tremble . dammer ( cont ’d ) why be you shaking , prank ? frank ig now shaking violently . 72 . dammer ( cont ‘d ) you nre do it now , be n not you ? . _ ( triumphant ) 's + you be try to kill not ! forget it , bannister ... it will not work ! dammer rip he shirt open , revealing a sheet of dull beat metal across he chest . dammer ( cont ' D ) I be wear a lead breast plate !!! dammer slam the file on the table . dammer ( yell ) we have twenty - six unexplain death here ... I think youlare link to every one of then ! " ... let 's start talk , Frank ! ~ '' ext . sanatorium / bartlett 's nousee day Lucy 's car nose through the ol@ hospital gate ... instead of turn into the bartlett 's driveway , she park she car out of sight , behind a service building . lucy walk towards the bartlett 's house , carry she medical bag ... ray slide out of the car and catch she up . she be unaware of he presence ... ray Lucy , hon ... you just can not keep shutting I out ! I still have a ro. lot to offer ... Lucy stride up towards the entrance of the bartlett house ... ray basically I ’sz a open , flexible guy ... ray , however , take he first look at the house and skid to a terrify halt . ray ( cont ’d ) ( worried ) Holy shit ! ray 's Pov : the bartlett house be drip with ghost blood ! a globular , red luminous mass , ooze from crack and window over the entire front of the house ... like a huge weep sore . ray hang back , too scared to follow lucy . int . bartlett house / lounge ~ day Lucy be take patricia 's blood pressure . patricia I be tired all the time ... I feel dizzy and not able to concentrate ... I can not aven read a book . Lucy how long have you be feel like this ? patricia io.s - I think it have get a lot worse since mother increase my medication . Lucy >> what medication ??? Vo q&* corm : '' int . old lady bartlett 's bedroom - day close on : a large old suitcase ... patricia ig pull it out from under she sother 's bed . she open it and lucy be horrify to see box and box of old drug and medicine ... yellow cardbeard container , stain with leakage and mold - stellazine ... lithium ... deloxene . lucy exaninea they in disbelief . a. Lucy '' this be forty year old ... patricia mother say they be perfectly gwafe to take ! - Lucy you mother should not even be in gion of this ! she 's not a goctor . patricia it 's okay , they come from the old ' hospital . my father be the administrator , Lucy it 's not okay , Patricia . you mother have be illegally sedating you «+ patricia but I need my medication ! Lucy ( softly ) what you need be a life of you at that moment ... the sound of a car pull into the driveway ! patricia look horrify and hurry out of the roon . lucy notice a bundle of yellowing photograph tuck down the back of the suitcase ... she pluck one out - johnny Bradley smile evilly at the camera , he arm wrap around a young Patricia 's waist . Lucy hurriedly slip the photo back , , 4 back into the bedroon . + ke in . it 's wotnft '' «& patricia run SOUND of the front door open ... old lady bartlett ( 0.5 ) . ( call ) Patricia ! patricia be terrify . a - " patricia ( plead ) please ! she must not know you be here ! the stair creak '' 0 . S as old lady bartlett approach . patricia rush over to old lady bartlett 's closet . patricia ( cont ’d ) . ( whisper ) hide in here ... 1/11 take she into the kitchen and you can sneak out . '' Lucy hesitates for a moment , then quickly pocket a couple of packet of pill , and hurry into the closet ... patricia only just manage to slide the suitcase back under she mother 's bed , when old lady bartlett walk in . old lady bartlett what be you do in py room ? . . patricia I think I hear # noise ... int . old lady bartlett 's closet - day Lucy slink back into the corner of the closet . she glance upwards ... patricia ( cont ’d 0.5 ) tll make you soma coffee , wother . _se . lucy 's eye settle on a metallic object , glint from a pile of clothes on a high shelf ... the muzzle of 4 gun . creaking ~ as fatricia and old lady bartlett go down the stair ... lucy reach up and carefully withdraw the gun from it 's hide place ... a lever action rifle ... lucy turn it over in she hand - engrave down the barrel , in cursive script , be the name '' ister " ! lucy quickly slidea the gun back inte the clothing . int . bartlett house / hallway ~ day sourd of activity in the kitchen , as lucy emerge from old lady bartlett bedroom and start to sneak down the stair . she wince and pause with each loud creak ... ext . bartlett house - day eo - rushing Pov : rocketing towards the blood coze bartlett house ... straight through the front door ... int . bartlett house / hallway - day '' -- into the hallway ... rush up the stair towards lucy ... the Pov seem to pass straight through she head and circle back around she . lucy continue she tense descent down the stair ... she do not notice the wallpaper ripple , or tha wall flex slightly . only three step to go ... the front door straight ahead ... suddenly ! ray stagger in through the door , scream ! he have be slashed across he face , he body . ectoplass drain out of the cut , he life - force spilling onto the floor . 76 , ray ( scream ) run ! Lucy , get out ! ray slump in pain at the foot of the stair , clutching the newel post ... lucy have one step to go ... rushing Pov : down the stair , straight at ray ... he look up and scream in terror ! angle on : lucy alone and unaware , as she hurry across the hallway , quietly open the front door and slip out . ext . bartlett house / sanatorium - late afternoon the shadow be grow long ... angle on : lucy , from across the hood of she car , as reverse out of she park . thwack !!! ray 's hollow lifeless huag > land violently on the hood . like a slippery , empty wet suit , it slide off as the car swing towards the gate . ray 's remain land on the axgind in pg as Lucy drive away . '' CUT . to : int . sherifp 's office - late afternoon stuart and cyrus slide through the door into the sheriff office . it be quiet , with only a couple of deputy visible . . cyrus look around ... °- x c¥yrus man ! cop make I nervous ! stuart gesture to cyrus and disappear through a office wall ... int , series of room - late afternoon cyrus and stuart hurry across a office room . deputy and secretary be huddle at desk do paperwork . as the ghost pass through they desk , papers uysteriously blow into the air ... cyrus and stuart pass through the wall into ... '' ++ & locker room , then through the next wall into ... le. ty. eo. @ cell , hold a couple of muggers ... cyrus ( recognition ) hey , benny uy man ! who have you be hustling ? stuart grab cyrus nos arm end pull he through into ... int . franks cell - late afternoon «+» franks cell . stuart prank ! frank be sit on he bunk hold he head in he hand . cyrus Frank ! we gotta get you outta here , man , this cat be gonna stitch you up for be capital , offence ! ay have frank do not respond . vo ws stuart prank ??? x stuart wave he hand in front of frank 's eye -... prank do not react . cyrus ( loud ) hey man ! cyrus attempt to shake frank 's shoulder , but he hand pass straight through frank 's body . stuart shake he head ... look at frank with regret . stuart - forget it , Cyrus ... he do not believa anymore . the two ghost sre silent . int . sheriff office / corridor ~ late afternoon t milton dammer stand silently outside frank 's door ..- peer in through 46 small window . deputy 1 approach ... i. damher ( whisper ) it will not be long now ... will deputy 1 look quizzical ... dammer ( cont 's D} fwhisrer ) he 's enter the acceptance stage ..» he 's grapple with he guilt «+. and seek resolution , deputy 1 ( whisper ) you realise , agent dammer , we have no forensic evidence link he to any of the death ... dammer shake he head . dammer : ( softly ) it will not be necessary . I expect thie case to suicide before it yeaches court ... '' 9 deputy 1 frown ... dammer turn , a little smile quiver on he lip ... < , with Di ( cont ’d ) ( softly ? my --» they always do . ext . sheriff 's office ~ evening '' lucy pull up outside the sheriff 's Office and hurry neide . int . sheriffn office / reception ~ evening deputy 1 look up from the reception desk as lucy enter . , deputy 1 dor lynskey ... . Lucy ( urgent ) I want to see Frank bannister ... ' now ! deputy 1 agent dammer say he 's to have no visitor . Lucy I be he Doctor . deputy i ( shaking head ) . sorry , m’am ... agent dammer will be back in forty minute . you could - Lucy ( threaten ) deputy ... be you deny not access to my patient ? int . sheriff office / frank 's cell - evening -frank 's cell door open and lucy enter . deputy 1 hover by the door . Lucy thank you , deputy . deputy 1 c hed just call se when you be ere Dr lynskey . N S deputy 1 lock the cell door ... down : lucy crouch by frank 's bed . he be lie , stare at the ceiling ... he do not acknowledge lucy , and turn to face the wall . Lucy Frank ? he do not respond . * Lucy ( cont ’d ) aoe I have find you gun ... the gun 7 the police say kill you wife ... close on : frank 's cye flicker . Lucy ( cont ’d ) 2 it 's in the bartlett house ... hide in the old lady 's closet . you have not kill anybody ... you be @ good person , prank . trust I . frank slowly turn to face she ... he eye be fill with tear {.. lucy hug he . they part ... frank look at lucy for the first time . he suddenly sit bolt upright , grab she shoulder . close on : lucy , .. with the number 741 " on she forehead ! Lucy . ( alarmed ) prank ??? stuart ( 0.5 } ( horrify ) she 's mark ! frank look up and see cyrus and stuart look on , aghast . lucy what be 1t72 ?? at that homent ... the cell wall behind lucy ripple and the reaper cocz out ! frank pulle lucy away and shield she against the wall . Lucy react with alarm , but doss n not struggle ... the reaper lean forward , strike with he hand . - he driver he fist through frank 's back , into lucy 's chest ! she gasp in pain . & cyrus and stuart leap onto the ms back , pull hin away ... a furious cat- like fight ensue between the Spirit and the ewanatione ... cyrus and stuart manage to force the reaper back through the cell wall . a moment 's silence ... prank guide a terrify lucy into the middle of the small cell , not know from which direction the reaper will ] strike next .. , Lucy rte ( nervous } what 's happen , prank ? the reaper rise up out of the cell floor , hand straight into lucy chest ! prank haul lucy away , spin she across the room . she slam into the corner of the cell . cyrus and stuart attempt to grapple with the reaper , but the Spirit slide away into the floor . Lucy be sobbing softly in the corner ... the reaper emerge out of the wall right behind she , reach over she shoulder and sink he hand into she chest ! frank , cyrus and stuart all descand of lucy and the reaper ..- cyrus and art grab he hand , while frank pull lucy back across the cell , hold she protectively . the reaper 's hood fall back , revealing '' skull - like 's face , with fluid , change featura . the south , a black hole with jag piranha tooth , gaper ahapelessly . yellow pin-point eye blaze from sink socket . at . : 32 . the reaper sink he tooth into cyrus 's neck ... ectoplasm spray frop the wound as cyrus drop the he knee , scream . frank look {ntently at lucy . frank ( whisper ) call for the guard ... nice and caln , Lucy ( call ) deputy ! I be ready to leave , thank you . stuart pull cyrus into the widdle of the room ... the reaper have vanish . cyrus ( pain ) I be leakin’ real bad , mani 4 ° stuart 0 ( worried ) > he 's lose ectoplasn , reat at that moment ... the reaper 's scythe swing down , through the wall ... it come down onto the top of stuart 's head , impale he to the floor in a ghostly heap ! the reaper step into the room ... the sound of the door be unlock ... frank watch helplessly as the reaper sveep he hand down , scoop a ghostly light out of stuart 's crumpled chest ... he hold the light aloft , squeezing he finger gnc the light showsra into the air ... dissolve to nothing . the cell door open ... cyrus ( acream ) < get out , Frank ! cyrus throw himself at the reaper in a grief fuel frenzy ... the reaper atart hack at he with he scythe . deputy 1 enter the cell ... be «+. frank punch he out ! he grab deputy 1 's handgun , take Lucy by the hand and they flea ! int . sheriffn office / various corridor - night frank and lucy race down desert corridor , try to find the rear exit ... they round a corner and come face to face with agent milton dammer ... he 's carry a bag of takaaway food , and barely have time to react before frank barge into he ... dammer be propel through a doorway , into a janitor 's cupboard ... ext . back of sheriffn office / alley - night frank and lucy escape from the back of the sheriff 's Office into a maze of dark alleyway . at a safe distance , frank pull up , breathe heavily . Lucy ( scared ) what be it , Frank ? what do you see in the cell see I feel something touch my heart ! frank pull the revolver out of he pocket ... he check the cylinder ... lucy look alarmed . } 40 frank oy ( frustrated ) vt I can not fight he , lucy . I can not protect you ... frank pause . he look at lucy with tenderness ... then he suddenly raise the pistol to he temple . lucy gasp . . frank ( cont ' D ) I gotta have a out of body experience ... and I gotta have it 6 right now ! Lucy & ( hushed , horrify ) no ! ~ frank - ( tense ) turn around , Lucy ... go on , walk away ... now ! sweat roll down prank 's forehead as he finger tighten on the trigger ... lucy slowly reach for the pistol ... he step away from she ... the hammer cock back ... she take he hand and gently push the pistol away from he head . Lucy ( softly ) there 's another way ... int . medical CENTER freezer - night blackness ... then the door of the Medical Center 's walk in freezer open ... frank and lucy peer in through cloud of sub-zero condensation . lucy you will have twenty minute , max . any longer and there 's a danger of tissue damage ... int . medical CENTER freezer room - night lucy look at frank ... Lucy ( cont ’d ) «ee and that 's only if I can successfully revive you eee there 's no guarantee . frank start to take he clothes off . lucy jab a needle into he upper arm . : Lucy ( cont ’d ) = this will slow you heart eoer and lower you body tempera ( tearful ) Frank ... you do not have to do ' this . frank smile reassuringly at lucy ... she dab at she eye with a handkerchief . frank gently take it and tenderly wipe away she tear . frank you get one chance at Post morten survival ... I can not do this again , Lucy . we have gotta get it fight first time ... ( urgently ) lat 's go ! frank .step into the freezer , wear only hig boxer - short ... he immediately hug himself against the cold . lucy wind the temperature control to max freeze . Lucy ( softly ) it will not take long ... ft frank nod ... lucy swing the door shut , wiping tear away . she peer into the freezer through a small glass window . frank grin at she . she kiss the tip of she finger and press they against the glass ... int . medical CENTER freezer - night frank kiss he finger and press he hand against he side of the glass ... frank sit down in the corner of the freezer , sit very still ... with lucy ‘s handkerchief clutch in he hand . int . medical CENTER freezer room - night Lucy be move quickly and efficiently ... she have prepare blanket , syringe and now wheel in the defribrilator = the electric shock machine . Lucy wipe gel onto the paddle . lucy peer into the freezer window ... lucy 's Pov : frank be very still ... he skin be blue with cold , ice have start to form ... faint cloud of breath be still visible . moving Pov : something approach lucy from behind ! it move quietly towards she as ashe peer ) '' witto the freezer ... & lucy turn and screan ! ge milton dammer grin at she , roughly shove she to one side ... he peer in at frank . a smile cross he lip . dammer I do not know you have a interest in cryogenics , Dr lynskey . lucy glance at a wall clock : 9.00 pm. moe Lucy ( worried ) I have get to revive hin in twenty ninute . dammer ° ( bock puzzlepent } what on earth for ? Lucy make a move towards the freezer door ... dammer pull hia gun out . he aim it at Lucy . int . medical CENTER freezer - night frank be freeze ... he exhales , he breath hang in the air ... then nothing . a slight movement ... franks emanation start to stir within he bedy . his head appear , gently slide out of the corpse 's face . frank then slowly ease himself out of the rest of the body . the freezer ig suddenly bath in white light ... the freeze crystal sparkle , as the ethereal corridor appear . frank look into it , awestruck ... it obviously have a strong attraction , but he back away .-. against the freezer door , then through it ! int . medical CENTER freezer room ~ night frank fall out of the freezer , onto the floor . he spring to hia foot and fly into the air for a moment ... he ig unused to he new gravity ! frank . ? % Lucy ~ ye lucy have gon# ... ar® t close on : dammer lock a handcuff onto a roll bar in the back seat of a squad car . lucy try to pull she hand free , with no success . ext . medical CENTER - night Lucy ( scream ) you bastard ! lat se gol dammer turh the car stereo up to drow out she yell . he steer the car out onto the Street ... + + ; just . as the reaper rise from the sidewalk ! the er start to run , gracefully , after dammer 's car as it enter a stream of traffic . frank stagger out of the hedical Center , desperately look for lucy . he bove awkwardly , unable to get use to the rubbery nature of he translucent body . frank see the inky black form of the reaper way ahead , as it close in on the squad car ! frank start run ! ext. fairwater street - night frank flow through the air ... hia foot connect with the ground , but he move much faster than norgal . the particle that form he exwanation body ebb and flow behind he , create the effect of a silvery slipstrea . dammer car turn onto a freeway onramp ... the reaper close in ... frank slide to a stop ... he can not make up the ground . he watch helplessly as the. squad car join the freeway traffic ... frank look around ... he spot a nearby freeway overpass ~ the squad car will drive beneath it in a matter of second ... frank sprint towards it ! int . squad car / freeway - night lucy struggle helplessly in the back of the squad car ... the reaper be visible through the rear window as it reach the car . the reaper leap onto the ‘roof of the squad car ... it cling on like a giant spider , plunging it 's hand down through the roof ... lucy push herself to one side , try to attract tha attention of pass motorist ... unbeknownst tq ' per , she have just sly out of the way of the reaper ‘s : ping skeletal hand ! ¢a > ext . freeway overpass ~ knight frank arrive on the overpass ... see the approach squad car below , the reaper on the roof . frank hop onto the railing , carefully judge the moment to leap as the squad car race along in the thick traffic . frank jump ! but he bedy do not drop ... it gently float down , wafting on the air current ] frank watch helplessly as the squad car pass below he and speed away ! frank kick at the air , and disappesre through the roof of a bus ! int . bus / freeway - night frank scramble about on the floor of the bug ... he start run down the aisle towards the front ... for ext . freeway - night prank fly out cf the front of the bus , and hit the road run ... the bus be go et 50 mph , frank at 60 ... 70 ... 80 as he gaine on the equad car . be. int . squad car / freeway - wight Lucy in fg as the reaper n's head and shoulder slide in through the roof above she ... he reach into she shoulder , he arm bury up to the elbow as he grope for she heart ! the reaper ( silky menance ) do not fear the reaper ! ext . freeway ~ wight frank hit 85 mph , become a almost amorphous fluid , he body discombobulate in the slipstream . '' frank reach the squad car ... he dive forward , grab hold of the reaper ' S ankle ! int . squad car - night y* Lucy be clutching she chest , gaspl . greath ws '' the reaper anarla ac he be suddenly whi a er through tha roof ! ext . freeway ~ hight the reaper slide off the squad car ... he and frank tumble onto the road at high speed . they roll in a tangle as the squad car drive off into the darkness ... Cars speed ouough prank and the reaper as they grapple with e@ach other . the reaper ie frantically enapping and hiss at frank , who :hold he by the throat ... frank punch the reaper be face , again and again ... the reaper 's feature alter ... the skeletal socket become more human with each blow .. , frank paus eee frank ( between tooth ) - who be you ? the reaper roar end throw frank off ... frank roll away into the stream of traffic , and be buffete sround by the speed car and truck . the reaper spring to he foot , produce the wooden staff from beneath he cloak ... click ) the steel blade of the scythe lock into placael frank back sway as the reaper approach , scythe raise ... the reaper chargez and ewing at frank , narrowly miss he ... as truck speed by , the slipstream cause frank and the reaper spin and float ... the scythe cut through the air ... frank dive to the ground - and be immediately flatten by the wheel of a large truck ! frank reforn he shape and turn to run - straight into the path of oncoming treffic ! tracking back : with frank run towards camera in fg , the reaper hot on he heel ... a bus pass through then - for a few second , only frank and the reaper 's head and shoulder be visible above the floor of the speed bus as it . hurtle away from camera . then , they be outside again ... frank be run as fast as he can , but the reaper be gain on he ... more truck , car and buse pass through they in quick succession . frank look desperately ahead as a huge mac truck rocket towards he ... he hold out he arm , squeezing he eye shut in concentration ... at the moment of impact , he be collect by the front of the truck ! frank 's body flatten against the truck as he direction change instantaneously ! he just manage to raise big , foot and smash it into the reaper nos face as he collide with the reaper at high speed ! 's ~ the reaper be rockete off he &r disappear over the freeway barrier as frank speed away , cling to the front of the truck . ext . offramp / street - night the truck .turn off the freeway «+ . frank look around desperately and see dammer squad car head up a distant street ... towards the hill . he leap off the truck and start racing across town ... int / ext . series of building - night frank take the shortest possible route to intercept the vehicle : through wall , into house , bedroom , factory , a library . people be unaware of the silvery ghost speed through they premise . int . dammer car / pairwater street - night dammer stare intently ahead as he steer the car towards thé hill . Lucy try to tug at the handcuffs , but to no avail . she catch sight of dammer 's black eye stare at she in the rear vision mirror . dammer hold a hand in the air , expose a small swastika tattooe on he pala . dammer ( intense bitterness } squeaky fromme ... spahn ranch nineteen sixty -nine . I wae she sex slave for six month . six month spend in the service of ny country , disruise as a ... filthy hippy ! ext . cemetery road ~ night frank emerge out of a warehouse wall , racing onto the road , directly in front of dammer 's car . thwack ! he be collect on the hood , and frantically grab hold of the roof to avoid be blow off . int . dammer 's car - night dammer I find cemetery very restf place ... do not you ? ty 4 ° C New wer ~ 2 '' ( denperate ) '' '' let I go , you bastard ! dammer I intend to , Mrs lynskey ... as boon as we have watch the sun fise ... dammer look at he watch : 9.35 pm ... * dammer ( cont ’d ) mr .«. dn nine hour tine . frank thrust he face through the windscreen . frank Lucy ! lucy doea not respond . ext . fairwater cemetery - night the roll , gothic fairwater Cemetery be dark and creepy «os the light of fairwater , spread out in the valley below . as dammer steer the squad car through the cemetery gate , frank see the reaper in the distance , a black wmudge glide through town towards the cemetery hill . ql . the squad car pull to stop between tombstone on a bluff above the town ... dammer get out , start to unbutton he shirt . at that moment : two large ghostly hand suddenly grab frank be shoulder , yanking he off the car !! +s '' the fearsome gatekeepf8 hold frank in the air like a rag doll ! gatekeeper ( guttural ) State you business ! frank struggle , but the gatekeeper have a iron grip ... frank it 's I ... bannister ! gatekeeper ( guttural ) you ain not bannister no nore ... you 's just a shitty little spook ! ye ( aespeeere '' listen to not ! there 's a evil spirit come up that hill ! hile ( 0.38 ) ( yell ) shut up , you sub-human emanation ! hile march over aim he ghostly uzi sub-machine gun at frank . insert : rushing Pov up the cemetery road . frank struggle helplessly as hile scream at he ... hile ( yell ) you contemptible heap of teleplasmic shit ! if there be a = evil spirit loose in this town , I would be negligent in my duty ! ( scream ) be you accuse I of professional incompetence ??? be you say that I be one prize piece of anus breath ? ° judge ( 0.s ) I have have as much of you foul mouth es I can stomach , son . hile spin around and stare in disbelief at the judge , who be peer out of he grave . judge ( cont ’d ) I suggest you treat Mr bannister with a degree of respect , boy . hile ( scream ) . get back in vour grave , you senile old goat ! judge get ’em rustler ! rustler suddenly spring out of the judge 's grave , clamp he jaw onto hile 's wrist . he screan , drop the ghostly uzi . _ the gatekeeper throw frank to one side and rush forward . he clutches at rustler , attempt to haul the ghost dog off hile . rushing Pov : move through the cemetery gate at very high speed ... hile and the gatekeeper be visible ahead ... rustler leap back into the grave and the trs , duck he head below soil , as the fearsone reaper crab in . the gatekeeper step forward , protect hile . . gatekeeper State you business ! the reaper do not hesitate ... he gracefully swing he scythe , split the gatekeeper in two from bottom to top ! ... hile have no time to react , he be behead with a equally fluid swing of the scythe ! rushing . Pov : head through the tombstone , straight for the park squad car ... close in on lucy at phenomenal speed ! int . dammer 's car / cemetery - night Lucy ts use the clasp of she watch to unscrew the roll bar from the side of the car ... the reaper glide in through the door and sit beside she . it 's boney hand hover above she chest . the reaper , ( silky menace ) do not fear the reaper ! at that moment ! frank lean over from the front seat . he swing the ghostly uzi into the reaper 's face ! . : frank go to hell ... frank fire directly into the reaper ‘s hood !!! ext . dammer car / cemetery - night the blast send the reaper fly out the back of the car ... frank leap out , fire again - a whither burst . the reaper convulse and shudder as the ghost bullet thud into they target . the reaper snarl and roar as he be literally shot to piece ... large luap of he body fly into the air - dark glutinous mass that land on ground with a wet splat . . throughout , sammer be oblivious to the firgstorn . he stand in the moonlight , hold he shirt open . he suddenly spin around , show lucy a t0r b0 cover in a mass of cultish tattoo and 's - his face be not visible to she , but she watch he finger trace along series of voodcoo symbol , roughly carve into he chest . dammer | ( intense bitterness ) nineteen eighty one - Haiti ... I infiltrate the cult of the Dead ~ T be involved ritualistic cannibalism , in orgiastic dance , Teaching painful threshold of intense physical eroticisn . the reaper 's severe right arm sail past dammer 's head ... the reaper 's body collapse as it 's face fly into the air ! frank stop fire ... he survey the multitude of shiny black puddle that waa once the reaper ... dammer step away from the car -... damher I have suffer for my country , or lynskey ... he screanea at the night sky , the vein on he neck bulge ... dammer ( cont ’d ) ( acrean ) --- but I can not be break ! - Lucy seize the moment ! she pull against tha bar with all har might , rip it free ! within a second , she have slip the cuff free of the bar , and desperately attempt to lock the car door aé odamher spin around ... . dammer haul on the bsck door as lucy scramble over the seat into the front .. she gun the engine ... the clock on the dash say 9.42 pm . damher scream as the squad car rocket sway towards the cemetery entrance ... he race after it . frank be stand amidst the remse of the reaper ... he notice 's movement - the reaper ‘s face ... it lie on the ground like a slice of jello . ite routh gape soundlessly ... eye follow frank with hatrad . the judge 's top half walk up on he hand , surveying the remain of the reaper ... the judge gotta hand it to you , prank e283 you have takan out death himself . % 9 's ° this ain not death . nee er frank scoops up the twitching face and hold it up at arm length ... it hange like a quivering , snarling jellyfish . | frank who be you ? the reaper 's face sneer ... a the reaper ( gasp ) do not fear the reaper ! in a burst of anger , frank swing the face against a gravestone , slapping it hard like a wet towel . frank ( yell ) who be you ??? frank slap the face against a gravestone , again and again ... with each blow , the reaper 's face alter slightly - become more human ! frank throw the face against a grave ... it glide to a4 stop on the stone alab , grin evilly at frank . the reaper 's face have now become that of a twenty - two year old psychopathic killer ... frank ( quietly ) johnny Bradley ... ++. JOHN charle BRADLEY circa 1954 !! his face slowly slide , grimace on the stone , ooze a puddle of ectoplasz . frank ( cont ’d ) I think guy like you fry in hell . BRADLEY 's face twist into a arrogant sneer . johnny ( giggle ) I get out , Frank ! BRADLEY 's face slip over the edge of the stone slab and slide down the vertical face of the grave , leave a slime trail ... a 4 > johnny ( cont ’d ) for ( evilly ) I bin carry on the good gan '' get be a score of forty ! a elderly emanation loom out of the darkness ... he offer he hand to frank ... sinclair Harry sinclair ... I just wanna shake the hand of the man who 's finally avenge my death . frank shake hand with sinclair ... johnny start giggle . se johnny do I slit you throat , or rip out you liver , old man ? ... I do not recall ... frank react to @ number ° 12 " etched into sinclair 's forehead . frank ( quietly ) you have get a number ... sinclair touch he forehead self consciously . sinclair Bradley carve it into my forehead as I lay die . we have all get they ... one through twelve . johnny one wear than starkweather ! sinclair I be the last . this comment elicit a chuckle from BRADLEY ... johnny he could not ' se more wrong , could he Frank ? before frank can react , BRADLEY 's face suddenly flow into crack in the base of the grave ! frank .look around as the other glutinous black remnant of the reaper gather like globular mercury , scuttling into crack and cranny ... disappear below the surface of the ground ! frank nit ( scared ) shit ! frank run a couple of pace , and dive head . zee into the grave that BRADLEY disappear into ! G ss ce frank slide into a coffin , landing in a crouch heap on top of a dusty skeleton . he immediately propel himself through the side of the coffin ... int . series of coffins - night +-. into another coffin . he just catch a glimpse of a slippery black Mass disappear through the floor of the coffin ... frank sink he head through the floor of the coffin , use he foot against the lid to push himself downward ... ee int . family vault ~- night frank come slide through the ceiling of a deep vault - a series of inter - connect dark room , line with dusty coffin . frank land in a heap on the floor . sradley be crawl on the floor ahead of frank , he leg and other part of he body reforming ... as the reaper take shape again ! frank dive onto BRADLEY 's back , roll on the floor ... BRADLEY snarl - he mouth suddenly distorting into the reaper ‘s mouth ! prank squeeze he finger into johnny 's throat ... the sticky black body part crawl over frank 's back , reforming - encapsulate frank within the reaper ‘s body ! frank have only second leave ... frank get any trick up you sleeve , johnny ? go. frank reach into the reaper 's black sleeve ... he pull out the wooden staff ! frank bang the base against the wall and tha steel blade swing out ! sudden fear glint in johnny' eye ! frank élide out of johfny 's grip , raise the glitter blade of the ecythe ... frank ( grimly ) . end of the line , you murdering freak ! the reaper ‘s feature suddenly shrivel into johnny 's scream face as frank sting the scythe down towards he neck ! at that precise moment ! crash CUT to : int . medical CENTER ~ night frank open he eye ! t * aie Lucy ( 0.5 ) & ( elate ) prank ! frank be lie on a gurney in a puddle of melt ice . he gasp for air ... lucy be hold the paddle of the defribrilator , a huge smile lighting up she face . or kamin be in he dress gown ... he prepare a syringe , which he quickly jab into frank be ara . * dr kamin bf : a hundred billigran of lydocaine ... Lucy - get I 1 cc of introcardiac adrenalin ... Quick now ! Lucy hurriedly prepare another syringe ... frank try to talk ... frank ( gasp ) it ... do not ... gat he ... or kamin jab the syringe into frank be chest ... lucy jeans close fe prank . Lucy who do not you get , Frank ? qr. 28 . frank ( gasp ) Bradley ... johnny Bradley 's cone back =... he 's eee kill again ... Lucy be shocked ... lucy ( worried , hushed ) Patricia ... dr kamin smile at she . dr kamin De not worry , Lucy ..- he 's hallucinate . it all pass . we have get sinus rhythz , he 's stabilize . lucy back away ... : : y : 40 Lucy yaa of I have gotta go , Frank . t at = frank , unable to move , stare helplessly at lucy . or kamin look at she in surprise as she hurry out of the room . CUT to : ext . bartlett house / sanatorium - night Lucy 's car speed through the old hospital gate , take the corner too fast and slide to a halt in the driveway . she leap out of the car and race up to the bartlett 's front door ... a light glow from inside . mte int . bartlett hallway - night lucy come burst into the hallway ... patricia emerge iroe the lounge , look alarmed at lucy 's sudden arrival . patricia ( surprised ) Dr lynskey ? Lucy hurry over to she . ' wey look Patricia ... this may sound crazy , but I think you be in danger ... from John Bradley ! patricia tense up , a look of terror on she face . patricia 74 . ( tearful ) who tell you ??? Lucy look at she questioningly ... patricia ( cont ’d ) ( quivering ) he visit I at night ... I do not know why he come ... he torment I patricia touch the ugly purple welt on she neck . patricia ( cont ’d ) : why have he come back ? be I be punish ??? Lucy ( gently ) no ... sometimes when you go through a trauma , it alter you in perception . it allow you access be to the part of you mind that . of connect with the spiritual worig . <\ Bradley be use this access prey on you again . patricia dissolves into a flood of frighten tear . lucy hug she . = lucy ( cont ’d ) . come on ... let 's get out of here . old lady bartlett ( 0.s ) Patricia never leave the house ! old lady bartlett stand at the top of the stair ee Lucy I '' sorry , Mrs bartlett , but she 's come with not . old lady bartlett ( screeching ) you have no right ! she 's ny daughter ! old lady bartlett stert to descend the stair . old lady bartlett ( cont ’d ) ( to patricia ) get upstairs ! os , Lucy ( angry ) be you go to feed she nore drug , Mrs bartlett - be that what you intend to do ? another lucky dip into the suitcase under you bed ? old lady bartlett freeze ... she eye blaze ! old lady bartlett ( furious ) you have be in my room ! Lucy the police might like to look in you closet too ! old lady bartlett turn and bolt upstairs ! patricia hurry after she ... patricia US mother ! ( eatling ) gare ~ patricia disappear into old lady bartlett 's bedroon . Lucy pace the hallway nervously . a cool breeze waft through ... lucy shiver ... she look around uneasily ... «+. wallpaper ripple ever so slightly . faint SOUND of old lady bartlett in tear . patricia emerge from the bedroom ... she smile at lucy vas ' . she descend the stair . patricia mother want to talk to the police ... she have thing she want to tell they ... she will be down in a minute . lucy nod reassuringly . patricia hug she . : patricia thank you for come tonight ... patricia spile gratefully at lucy . angle on : lucy ... the reaper be stand right by she shoulder ! the number 41 glow on lucy 's forehead . Lucy it 's no problea . the reaper 's pace contort into BRADLEY . johnny ( agitate ) I wanna kill she now , Patty ! that 'il give we forty - one ! eight clear of gacy ... another nine and we will have break Bundy 's record ! I wanna see Ted 's face when he hear the news ! patricia ( excited ) yes ! Lucy look puzzle ... patricia smile . patricia ( cont ’d ) I be sorry .-. I be think out loud ... let 's wait in the lounge . int . bartlett 's lounge - night patricia sit in a armchair ... lucy sit persia : johnny be terribly wound up ... he pace ucy 's chair . er johnny ( angry ) that asswipe psychic nearly ruin it for we tonight Patty ] he make we look stupid ! Lucy you know ... you do not have to stay in this house . you could start you life over somewhere else ... ro johnny rush over to patricia ' S chair ... johnny that Russian cannibal creep be say he do fifty - plusi it . reflect badly on we all , Patty ! - this record should be hold by a american ! patricia I quite agree . johnny qrabe patricia 's hand and run it across he lip , and up the side of he cheek . johnny come on baby , let 's take she out ! Lucy watch patricia ' S hand rise into the air and rotate in delicate movenent . Lucy I could help you ... if you like . patricia that would be nice . johnny nuzzle patricia 's ear ... she giggle . lucy smile nervously as patricia suddtnly rise . patricia ( cont ’d ) I be make some coffee ... want sone ? lucy we probably should be go ... patricia oh , mother take forever . I will not be long ... patricia leave the room . ~ , 4o c a int , bartlett kitchen - night ' patricia walk into the kitchen , with johnny scurrying behind she . patricia fwhisper ) patronize do -gooder bitch ! johnny you kill she , Patty ! I x11 watch ! patricia grin and open a drawer ... sha pick up a huge carve knife . of johnny ( cont ’d ) I love to watch you do it . patricia hold the knife down against she side and head back towards tha lounge ... int . bartlett hallway - night - patricia 's Pov : move slowly towards the lounge doorway ... lucy be visible , back turn , browsing at a bookcase ... patricia grip the knife firmly ... at that moment ... a loud knocking at the front door !!! patricia freeze ... she 's stand right beside the door ... slide she ara behind she back . Lucy turn , look back into the hallway ... patricia glance at the door . oe . johnny do not open it . lucy walk towards patricta ... another loud knock . patricia Ill get it . patricia open the door ... -«. milton dammer be stand on the doorstep . dammer agent milton dammer ... dammer hold he badge up ... 4 ? dammer ( cont / D ) ~ ae Federal burgaud * of investigation . patricia hesitates for a moment ... -.. without warning , she slashes with the knife ! damher hand be send fly , still grip he badge ! patricia stab he in the chest ... again ... and again ! Lucy back away from the front door ... look of horror spread across she face ... johnny be -laugh ... he grab lucy 's ar and fling she against the stair . . johnny I - go Patty , gol !! patricia . spin around to face lucy ... eye ablaze ... blood drip from the knife . lucy scream and race up the stair ... patricia run after she . int . old lady bartlett 's bedroom - night lucy run into the bedroom , slamm the door ... turn the key . , Lucy ( panicked ) Mrs bartlett !!! crash into : old lady bartlett 's blood soak corpse propped up in bed ! lucy scream ! johnny' face warp out of the door ... sink back , then @lide out of the wall as wallpaper man , clutching the blood eplatter kitchen knife in he paper hand . Lucy duck to avoid a glash blow ... she scream ... a6 the wallpaper man stretch from the wall and follow she ...- shash ! the bedroom window be kick in ! frank ( 0.5 ) Lucy ! frank leap into the room in 4 shower of glass !!! wallpaper man lungee at Lucy ... the knife arc down towards she ... frank intercept and grab wallpaper man 's arm , push he against the break window . frank slide wallpaper wan n's wrist against jag glass , blice he knife hand off ! johnny scream and recede into the wall ... frank discard the knife and grab lucy . frank 44 come onl a oe & cr omear the bang ! a gunshot splinter the bedrock ? oken window ... leck ... frank helpa Lucy through the bang ! the lock be shot out ... ext . bartlett house / sanatoriuk ~ hight frank and lucy flee along the narrow balcony that skirt the house ... and over 4 mall bridge link the house with the old hospital grounde . I : ext . sanatorion ~ night a abandon , ivy clad victorian Consumption Hospital ... sprawling building ... overgrown garden ... crack weed - raddle pave . window be aussh ... graffiti deface wall . era and lucy run across the courtyard towards the fast wing . int . abandoned hospital ward ~ wight moonlight filter in through rotting cortaina , as frank break into a large ward , full of skeletal bedframe and moldy mattress ... he and lucy dash down the center aisle ... through a adjoin corridor into ... -.- another equally lerge , rotten ward . sound of footstep run in pursuit ... the squeak of rubber sole on the old linoleum . frank pull lucy down behind a old rusty bed . they slide underneath it . the footstep coma into the ward ... patricia 's foot ore visible under the row of old bed . frank and lucy hold thetr breath as patricia walk right past they bed ... brief glimpse of she scan the oon , rifle in hand ... she walk past they and move on into the next ward . prank and lucy breathe a sigh of relief ... loud coughing ! directly above they ! frank look up as a decrepit old man lean over the edge of he bed and snarl at frank and lucy . old man ( raspy yell ) orderly ! frank and lucy scramble out from beneath the bed ... the Ward be suddenly bright ... light with hospital mercury vapor light . all the bed be full , with coughitx , emaciate patient in regulation hospital garb . & a lp man ( cont ’d ) y & ( raspy yell ) there 's atranger under my bed ! I asy , orderly !i! rattle of a trolley ... frank and lucy turn to see a neat young orderly wheel a tea trolley into the ward ... he be dress in a immaculately press white hospital uniform , bis hair slicked back . JOHN BRADLEY grin at frank and lucy . . mte . prank grab lucy and propel she through a door inte ... int . hospital corridor ~ night +e. @ busy bospital corridor , circa 15954 . doctor , nurse , patient and visitors jostle in the narrow space , all go about they business . frank and lucy desperately push through the crowd , raise the ire of several people ... ' visitor ( annoyed ) hey , watch it buddy ! prank and lucy continue push past people ... wurse ( 0.8 ) ( brightly ) look everyone ! it 's young miss Patty ! frank and lucy stop in they track ... the crowd ahead of they shrink back against the wall , revealing a young 15 year old patricia bartlett cheerfully bound up the corridor ! . tracking back : with young patricia ... the light dim as she suddenly change into the adult patricia ! she immediately swing the rifle up , open fire on ... frank and lucy ... now stand in a empty darken corridor . bullet zing past frank ... patricia reload as frank stare at she , seemingly unable to move ... insert : Forest ... Day ..- Hand reloading Frank 's rifle . Lucy ( 0.8 ) Frank ! bang ! patricia fire again , just as lucy shove frank through a door ... int . hospital stairwell - night 40 's +. and down a dark , spiraling stairwell . & down and down , into the old hospital basement . cat int . basement corridor - night Lucy and frank run past pile of old equipment and bedding stack against the wall . SOUND of heavy breathing : patricia ( 0.s ) a oooh ! please ... do not hurt mar ! the cry echo down the corridor ... frank and lucy frantically look around ... patricia ( 0.s ) ( plead ) ro ... do not ... stop ! please ! heavy footstep clang down the stairwell ... frank and Lucy take the nearest door , slamm it shut ... fade sign on door read : " mortuary '' . int. hospital mortuary ~ night frank and lucy find thenselves in the dimly light hospital morgue of 1954 ... fresh body lie on stainless steel trolley ... toe tag . frank lead lucy through the sea of trolley ... suddenly ...- patricia ( 0.5 } ( passionate ) goch , johnny ... they be look through a doorway into the autopsy Pov ... johnny and young patricia be make love on the autopsy table ! . a rifle click ... frank and Lucy spin around ... adult patricia be stand in the doorway , she gun swing towards frank ... ( quietly ) that 's 's my rifle ... patricia I know . she fire ! frank take a bullet in the shoulder ... he fall backwards , literally inta 1954 , tumble against a trolley , knock a corpse onto the floor ... frank land on he back as the corpse _fahi¥ towards he ... \& forest insert : thud ! debra 's hit the forest floor ... close on : frane , face bloody . from the car accident , lie on bed of pine needle ... barely conscious , he look up and see patricia ... low angle Pov ... patricia stand amongst the tree , hold the rifle ... she stoops down to debra 's body , preduce a scalpel ... cut into debra 's forehead . frank squeeze he eye shut ... patricia calmly walk towards frank ... the background bahind she swim and alter ... forest ... morgue ... forest ... morgue ... mo ««» patricia hold the gun muzzle against frank 's head in the forest ... squeeze the trigger ... frank shut he eye ... click ! empty ! frank open he eye again ... low angle Pov ... patricia in the morgue ... she bring the gun butt down on he head , knock he unconscious . lucy scream ! she make a bove towards patricia , but johnny slide out of the wall and grab she from behind ! pinish he off ... rf patricia grab a piece of cord from a table and deftly wrap it around frank nos neck ... with ruthless precision she twist it tighter and tighter ... hold on : lucy 's horrify face as frank be strangle to death . tes. patricia stand back , the job finish ... johnny start laugh . . . joknny that be beautiful ! patricia cross to a bench and examine rusty old autopsy instrument . patricia ( slowly ) I be in the bood for a little vivisection . patricia hold up a wick look trepan see , and a pair of heavy duty surgical scissors . patricia ( cont ’d ) which would you prefer , Lucy ? after all ... it 's only fair that you choose . lucy sob ... johnny tighten he grip . b vt for johnny . I like the one with the big teath patricia discard the scissors ... ehe hold the see aloft 'es . walk slowly towards lucy . patricia let 's see if we can : take the top of you skull off while you be still conscious ... lucy scream !!! | behind . patricia ... franks spirit rise out of he corpse ... patricia bend towards lucy ... raise the see ... franks spirit grab she from behind ! white light . flood the room ... a endless corridor of light open appear above frank 's body ... patricia struggle ... frank ram he ghostly hand into the back of she neck ... he pull and wrench ... johnny clutches Lucy tightly ... he scream at prank ... johnny ( screaring ) stop iti! with a mighty tug , frank rip patricia 's soul out of she live body !!! her lifeless corpse drop to the floor ... the ghostly patricia writhes violently in frank 's arm . frank back towards the corridor of light , clutching patricia like a hostaga . prank come and get she , johnny . sae johnny nol johnny throw lucy to the side and rush towards frank and patricia ... frank hursy into the corridor of light , drag patricia with he ... int . corridor of light ~ whenever white light swirl around frank and patricia ... johkwy come after they up the corridor ... we briefly glimpse the morgue room behind johnny before it be obliterate by light . image of franks life sweep by -... his marriage ... he daughter ... he childho ... he house ... all the while , frank be drag fatricia further and further up the corridor , stay out of johnwy 's reach . . ( desperate ) be give she to not ! . frank reach the end of the corridor ... johnny dive at patricia and grab she in a embrace , pull she free of frank ... two figure suddenly step in and take hold of frank ... . : stuart and cyrus ! for the first time they have the ethereal glow of healthy spirit ! frank locke at thes in amazement ... they grin . rank look alarmed as johnny and patricia start to escape back down the tunnel ! frank wake & move towerd they , but be restrain by cyrus and stuart . stuart just step back , prank ... this be not go to be pleasant . at that moment ... the white corridor start to transform eee pinky red tissue spread and grow , jegge tooth protrude out of the flesh ... the corridor have suddenly becone the ingzide of a demonic carnivorous vorm , trapping johnny and patricia in it 's belly ! they screde as the fleshy wall close in around thes , acidic digestive juice flow over they bodiss , the stomach tooth start to devour then ! frank step back startle , eas the tunnel south slam : shut eee be find himself look straight into the face of a huge blind worm ! it break away , and wriggle down the turbulent night sky , towards the fire of belll ll0 - cyrus ( impressed ) that 's what I call a E ticket ride !! stuart go hone , prank . frank be confuse ... frank this be home ... stuart shake he head . stuart it 's not you tine . cyrus start live , dude ! cyrus give frank a firm push ... he fall into space , faster and faster ... frank tumble as the light speed past he ... gio crash zoom ... into frank 's corpse . plash ! frank 's eye flutter ... lucy be kneel over frank , give he mouth to mouth resuscitation . he groan and gasp for air ... tear stream down lucy 's face ... she hug frank . int . hospital morgue - night gis fade to black ext . frank 's house - morning fade up ... low angle : franks house ... light by the morning sun . a roar ... increase ... crash ! a bulldozer smashes into the wall , splintering timber ! frank be stand , watch he house come down ... judge ( 0.8 ) I always say you would never finish that house , prank ! frank turng ... the judge 's upper body be saddle up on rustler ... his legs stand nearby . crash ! ... as a wall collapse . frank T have call it finish , judge. iil . judge this be goodbye , son ... I be head out . west with rustler . frank glance at the judge's legs . - frank ain not you gonna walk ? the judge sadly shake he head ... lower he voice . judge ( quietly ) I and my vital have come to a parting of the way ... frank nod knowingly ... it be a tender moment of male bond . the judge doff he hat and wheel rustler around , urging he forward . frank watch the judge and rustler disappear into the long grass across the road ... Lucy slide she hand around frank 's waist yo lacy a 9 yhere 's something I have to tetl\\ you ... frank turn and lucy kiss hiz tenderly . frank that 's the same thing you tell I this morning . e+. they kiss again . sheriff perry pull up in he squad car ... he hop out . sheriff perry sorry to interrupt , folk ... whadda ya know about ouija board , Frank ? . prank not a lot , Walt . sheriff perry we find a whole stack of thes up at the bartlett house ... look ike Patricia have herself a direct tine to she dead boyfriend . frank nod ... sheriff perry excuse himself to lucy and take frank to one side ... a4ce sheriff perry ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) hey , Frank ... I gotta a lot of vacation time owed to I . how about you and I collaborate on , a book about all ' this ? could be ‘ny ticket outta '' he force . frank shake he head . ' frank sorry , Walt ... I can not help . frank gesture towards the squad car . frank ( cont ’d ) ee. you could try ask you Guardian angel . sheriff perry spin around with alarm ... he car be empty . after a moment pause , he chuckle ... sheriff perry ~ good one , Frank ! ya really have not my go for a moment ! ha ! '' G u sheriff perry hop into he car and gun the éngine . frank wave sweetly ... +++ the ghost of milton dammer stare sourly out of the backseat of sheriff perry 's car !!i . Lucy that guy dammer ... he sure look piss ! frank do a double take at lucy ... she continue stare at the recede cop car . Lucy { cont ’d ) sonetine , Frank , when people go through a trausa , it change : they ... frank stare at lucy , wide eye ... + . bhe turn and smile enignatically ...