the unborn by serita Stevens base on the Edgar nominate short story of the same name pupperazzi production 11863 hoyt Lane sylmar can 91342 818 439 2730 int . darkness of the womb -- night 1 lub dub of a heart beat as the blood whooshes by . int . darkness of a barely lit room -- night 2 creaking of the rocking chair , back and forth , back and forth as a jane , 23 , sweet and fresh face content young woman hum a lullaby . Music from mozart play in the background . Light from a pass car illuminate jane , long dark hair , slender , pretty and very much pregnant . Jane rub she stomach gently . she continue to hum and rock . put she hand on she 8 month swollen belly . jane I be go to make such a good mother for you . you be so special . I -- footstep pound up stair . 3 Jane pause she chair mid stroke . doorknob turn . 4 Jane stop rock . hold she breath . she turn toward the door not know what to expect . door slam open , vibrate against the wall . she turn in fear . int . studio apartment of eddie and jane -- day 5 Jane lay in bed . groans . turn on she side . a shiner on she leave eye . on the bedside stand be flower . Jane look at the flower and the crude card . card : forgive I sweet pie . Jane smile . phone ring martin you okay , janey ? jane he do not know what he be do . martin he 's hurt you . he 's ...he 's hurt ... jane he.. he ’s.. i'1l talk to you later . door knob turn . she hang up quickly as Eddie come in bear a breakfast tray . eddie : hey . you okay , babe ? ( set the tray down ) here . let I do that . ( put ice pack on she eye ) she shrink back as if afraid of be hit . eddie if you have not ... jane I should not have talk back to you . eddie and you know , you do not do that . his finger carass under she chin . jane : ( nod ) the baby kick today . you want to feel ? eddie ( touch she belly ) wo not be much longer now . maybe he will come out with a wrench in he hand . 10 11 12 int . darkness of the womb -- continuous 8 baby be curl in she placenta . int . studio apartment of eddie and jane -- day 9 Eddie lean over Jane , touch she face with love , feel a father 's pride . he touch she stomach . eddie : why the hell be not he kick for I ? jane : * it 's a girl . * ( on he reaction ) at least that 's what the doctor say . * the flower and vase he bring crash to the floor . Jane * break out in sob . Eddie storm out of the room as Jane look glaze at the break vase and the food over the bed . int . darkness of the womb -- continuous 10 baby curl in she placenta , she eye open . int . studio apartment of eddie and jane -- moment later 11 Jane rub she stomach . jane it 's okay , baby . * Jane crawl from the bed and try to clean up the mess . strip the dirty bed , and still sobbing , she go over to the CD player and put on she mozart . * int . bedroom area - a few hour later 12 Jane emerge from the shower , san make up . she go to the make up counter where everything have be put neatly in alphabetical order by Eddie . she accidently knock a jar from its align space . hastily , she look around , fearful that Eddie might notice . she nudge it back into place . she wipe the fog off the mirror . her bruise from the day before be clearly visible . she frown and begin apply make up . it 's not cover it up . she put on more and more . the thick make up be now more obvious than the bruise . she speak in a mantra to herself . 13 14 15 jane I love my husband . I do love he . ext . darkness of a barely lit room -- later 13 across the street the night light of the liquor store go on and off as the hour pass . Jane sit in the rock chair , go back and forth as she repeat she mantra . she 's lose in think . the dinner table be perfectly set . the candle have burn low . she anxiously watch the street . int . studio apartment of eddie and jane -- daybreak 14 Jane have fall asleep in the rocker . her face be start to show black and blue . she wake and stare across the street . phone ring . 15 jane : ( dull ) no , he 's not here . martin you okay ? jane yeah . sure. ( force a laugh ) martin I mean what I say . you be run out of time - jane ( alarmed ) Martin --- martin you need to leave he . listen ...listen ... jane and who 's go to take care of I . you ? martin my mama , she will ... I do not know . Jane , you have to leave -- 16 jane and who 's go to take care of I ? you ? martin i... you have to get out of there jane I can not . he would find I if I do . martin Jane , the baby -- footstep outside the door . 16 jane : he 's .. he 's ... I have to go . ( abruptly hang up ) the door open . Jane turn expectantly and start to rise as the door open . she wear a long flowery skirt and long sleeve blouse . her hair be tie back with a bow . jane that be just ... eddie I know who it be . jane Martin just call to -- eddie sit down , bitch . I be through with you and you lie . he advance toward she . jane Eddie , please . the baby . he wipe a clean surface and look at he finger , look for dust . eddie clean this house . it 's disgusting . jane I be ... I be go to bed . 17 eddie no , you be not . Eddie grab Jane 's arm . jane stop it , please ! you be hurt - scare I . eddie sit down ! Eddie pull she arm towards the ground , with it she body follow . Jane resist and ease she arm from he grasp . eddie bitch ! he back - hand she against the jaw . the blow be severe . Jane buckle backwards , trip and slam she head against the table 's edge . she slump to the floor , motionless . the carpet swell with blood . eddie get up ! Jane lie motionless . eddie Jane ? stop fool . Jane , get up ! Jane remain unconscious . eddie I be just kid . ( realize she 's go ) Fucking shit ! silence . then , Eddie frantically roll the carpet near she so that it look like she trip and pull he cellphone out and dial 9 - 1 - 1 . eddie send help ! my wife 's fall . flash with : ambulance scream / siren : night 17 18 7 . int . eddie 's apartment - a few moment later 18 two paramedics rush to Jane , quickly assess the scene . Eddie sit silent , motionless on the bed ; white , blank , sick stare . the paramedics kneel to jane side . they quickly assess the situation and perform cpr with no hesitation . they movement be sound , they skill precise . Martin rush in . martin what happen ? eddie I ... she trip . martin you --- eddie shut the fuck up , doofus . five minute pass . a exhaust , somber paramedic 1 lean down and take Jane 's pulse . the cardiac monitor sound a sharp pitch tone as it beam a flat-line . paramedic # 2 let 's jolt she . the other nod as she apply the paddle to the chest . paramedic # 1 stand back ! Jane 's body 's jerk but there be nothing happen . her eye be wide open , the blood fill the carpet in small gush . one paramedic shake he head '' no '' to the other . janey be dead . martin do it again ... please . Jane ... she ... paramedic # 2 I be sorry , Sir . paramedic 1 remove she white , latex glove . she apply hand sanitizer . the sound of the liquid glide out of the bottle . Eddie think he can hear it , for just a second . 8 . paramedic 1 notice small amount of blood protrude from Jane 's mouth . slow motion : a drop hit the carpet . Eddie stand there , just stare . paramedic # 1 Sir ! Eddie jolt from he trance . paramedic # 2 do you do this ? eddie no. ( chill ) I tell ya , she trip . he look from the paramedics to Martin . he listen with the stethoscope . a sharp tone blast against the room . it 's startling . then , paramedic # 2 ( whisper ) it 's beat . Eddie lean forward . swallow hard . paramedic # 1 she 's alive ? Eddie rub he hand together , impatiently look to the door ; eyeing a escape . the tone sound again . then again . the heart beat of the baby can be hear through the dopler . paramedic # 2 no. its the baby . the baby 's heart be beat . paramedic 1 take the dopler and place it again on the stomach . paramedic # 1 we have fetal movement . strong. ( then ) this baby be kick . let 's get she move . now . Eddie back away from he exit , towards the scene . he peer over the medic at janey 's eye wide open . jane ( v.o. ) Eddie . Eddie jolt . paramedic # 2 ( to Eddie ) step back . give we some room . eddie what ?? paramedic # 1 step back !! jane abruptly sit up , blood seeping from she wound . Eddie jolt with a scream . jane tell I you love I , Eddie . Eddie cringe at she sight , tremble in a pulse of fear . he open he eye . empty . the room be empty . paramedics gone . only the pool of blood remain on the carpet where Jane once laid . CUT to : int . hospital waiting room - day . Eddie sit in he chair wait form something , anything . he have not sleep and it show . Martin pace the room . from the strong white gaze of the hospital bright light emerge a doctor , male , 60 . doctor Mr. hutchin ? Eddie nod . the doctor sit . Martin sit down next to Eddie and try to comfort he but Eddie shrug he off . then , doctor Sir . we save you baby . eddie what 's that suppose to mean ? Jane be dead ! ( more ) 19 10 . eddie ( cont would ) ( sob ) oh , my God . I love she ! I swear I do . I love she . doctor of course you do . eddie fuck you ! you do not even try to save she . martin Eddie ... eddie you shut up , doofus . when I want you opinion , I 'il ask . the doctor reluctantly shake he head . doctor it be no ... we perform a emergency c-section . eddie a little girl ? doctor a healthy little girl . eddie what the hell be I suppose to do ... int . eddie 's apartment - day . 19 superimpose : 4 year later . Eddie drunk on the sofa . Little janey , age 4 , pound with she pretend hammer into toy block and then pick up Jane and Eddie 's wedding picture and pound it until the glass shatter . she look at Eddie directly . intercut between doorway and live room as necessary . the door open and Martin let himself inside . Eddie catch the stare of he 4 year old daughter . chill . 11 . jane ( v.o. ) ( whisper ) Eddie . Eddie jolt quickly . stand above he be Jane , bloodied , hold a shard of glass . eddie no ! Jane hammer down the glass into Eddie 's gut . he buckle towards the wound . martin ( 0.s. ) Eddie ? Eddie pull the glass from he stomach . blood pull around he waist . eddie no . Jane be go . in she place stand janey , the 4 year old , hold the glass , smiling . Eddie bolt upright . eddie Jane ! his eye wide open . normal . janey play in the corner with she hammer . she look to she father and smile . Martin enter the room and bend down so that he 's eye level with janey . martin what be do , sweetheart ? janey playfully hold she hand up to Martin . martin what 's the matter with , Eddie ? nightmare ? eddie yeah . kind of . he reach for he bottle of scotch and start to pour . Martin take the bottle from he . there 's a slight struggle . Eddie nod . he glance again at janey , watch warily as she play with she toy hammer and block . 20 Eddie release he grasp on the bottle . eddie yeah , you be right . I do not need a drink . int . live room of apartment . day . super impose : ten year later Eddie be on the phone with a crisis hotline . eddie you do not understand . I be not crazy . crisis worker ( v.o. ) have you have any alternative substance today ? eddie do not give I that shit ! I be hearing voice ! they be real lady ! crisis worker ( v.o ) be you a threat to yourself or other ? eddie no , I be not . ( then ) the kid be . 12 . 20 he see little janey ( 14 ) stand in the doorway , watch he . slowly , he put down the phone . click . eddie you be home . he 's nervous . eddie everything okay ? little janey just fine , daddy . she return a slow , half - witting smile . 21 13 . int . apartment of eddie and little janey - two day later 21 Little janey , 14 , sit in the exact rock chair where she mother sit . she read Jane eyre . on the desk be a picture of she mother . it 's uncanny how much the child look like she mother , even to she hair style . her hair have grow long Eddie stop in the doorway with grocery in he arm . he swallow hard as if see a ghost . eddie : D 'ya always gotta have a book in you hand , kid ? little janey I like to read , daddy . do not mommy like to read , too ? eddie : ( stammer ) h...how would y... you know about y... you m... mother , kid ? Little janey shrug . little janey Martin tell I . eddie ( in a rush ) I gota go out . there 's spaghetti in the fridge . little janey sure , daddy . jane ( v.o. ) I love you , Eddie . why do you hurt I ? eddie : ( spin around ) whatja say ? little janey nothing , daddy . eddie stop play game with my head , kid . little janey I do not play game . 22 23 24 14 . int . apartment of eddie and little janey - dark 22 the room be bath in moonlight . wearing a long flowery skirt and blouse , similar to what she mother wear before she death , Little janey put on mozart and sit in the rocker , rhythmically go back and forth . her be tie back with a bow . the rocker creak back and forth . footstep outside . 23 door knob turn 24 Eddie enter and blink , barely able to see in the darken apartment . eddie : what the ... turn on the fuckin ' light . not like I can not afford they . little janey no , leave they off . she stand and walk toward he , look amazingly like she mother . eddie ( drunk ) whereja get that clothes ? huh , where ? he approach she angrily , almost ready to rip they off . she avoid he laugh and return to the rocker . little janey ( laugh ) I find they . in a trunk . they be mother 's , be not they ? eddie : take be off . little janey no . other kid have party for they birthdays . but what do I have ? a father who murder my mother . 15 . eddie shut up ! turn that record off before I slap you one . little janey oh , do not you like the music , Eddie ? it be with mother 's thing . I be go to kill you Eddie . janey stand out of the rocker look every bit like she mother . she walk forward . Eddie 's face be white . eddie get away from I ! go back ! get away ! jane's voice Eddie , why do you have to be so cruel ? why do you have to kill I ? I love you , Eddie . he turn and look for a escape , but see none . with each step she take forward , he take one back . he do not realize that he be near the carpet that Jane have fall on . he hit he head , just as Jane have . the force of he fall be so great that he just lie there , eye open . she kick the rug over to look as if he have trip , then pick up the phone . little janey my father 's fall . send help . she smile . the end titles at the end have the phone number . jane Three out of four people know a victim of partnership or dating violence one in four woman ; one in nine man be victim of domestic violence at some point in they life . every fifteen minute a woman be abuse . teens be not immune . 16 . violence against woman happen in every culture and across the socioeconomic board . do not be a victim . if you or someone you know be in danger , please call the hotline by phone at 1-800-799 - safe ( 7233 ) ,