for you consideration au sts grand mn shye ec a8 best original screenplay rae N aleve wes Anderson rixlaal ova wes Anderson and Hugo guinness the grand \wdapes7 HOTEL best original screenplay screenplay by wes Anderson Story by wes Anderson and Hugo guinness '' 2013 tgbh LLC . all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of tgbh LLC . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . ext . cemetery . day the present . a graveyard in the city - center of a great Eastern european capital . frost cover the ground among the stone and between row of leafless tree . a teenage girl in a beret and trench - coat with a well - read , dog - ear novel call the grand budapest HOTEL tuck under she arm stand face a tarnish bust of a slender , bald , spectacle old man . a bronze plaque below read , in large letter : author insert : the plaque . there be a block of smaller text at the bottom which state simply : in memory of we National treasure all around the base of the statue , there be little metal hook with hundred of hotel - room key of every age and variety from all over the world hang from they . the girl add a new set to the tribute . int . study . day twenty year ago . a cluttere office with french window and ornate moulding . there be book in shelf and stack , first edition , dictionary , dime - store paper - back , translation in numerous language . there be a typewriter on the desk and a extensive collection of literary prize on a bureau . the author , seventy - five and identical to he sculpt image , sit with he hand clasped and address the camera : author it be a extremely common mistake : people think the writer 's imagination be always at work , that he be constantly invent a endless supply of incident and episode , that he simply dream - up he storey out of thin air . in point of fact , the opposite be true . once the public know you be a writer , they bring the character and event to you -- and as long as you maintain you ability to look and carefully listen , this storey will continue to seek you out -- a six - year- old boy dress in a grey military uniform with short trousers appear next to the desk and point a miniature luger pistol at the author . the author warn he , icy : author do not do it . do not ! the boy hesitates , then fire . a yellow , plastic pellet xicochet off the author 's chest and ring against a whiskey glass as the author make a violent lunge for the boy -- who evade he and dash off . the author look at a note-card and ramble a bit , search for he place : author over you lifetime . I can not tell you how many time . somebody come up to I ( back on track ) to he who have often tell the tale of other , many tale will be tell . the boy return , the gun now tuck under he belt , and sit , immediately comfortable , on the author 's lap with the old man 's arm wrap around he shoulder . the conflict seem never to have exist . they both look into the camera as the author conclude : author the incident that follow be describe to I exactly as I present they here , and in a wholly unexpected way . ext . mountain range . day the late sixty . a stun view from a rusty , iron - lattice terrace suspend over a deep crevasse , green and lush , alongside a high cascade . the author continue in voice - over as the camera glide along a crack path through a plot of untamed edelweiss and buttercup : author ( v.0 . ) a number of year ago , while suffer from a mild case of '' scribe 's fever '' ( a form of neurasthenia common among the intelligentsia of that time ) I have decide to spend the month of August in the spa town of nebelsbad below the Alpine sudetenwaltz -- and have take up room in the Grand budapest -- the camera come to a stop as it reveal a sprawling nineteenth - century hotel and bath situate on a wide plateau . there be a deep , formidable staircase up to a regal entrance . there be a promenade above and a glass - panell conservatory below . a rickety funicular groan as it slowly climb its hillside track . the grass need cut , the roof need patching , and more or less every surface of the building need a coat of paint . author ( v.0 . ) a picturesque , elaborate , and once widely - celebrate establishment . I expect some of you will know it . it be off - season and , by that time , decidedly out - of -fashion ; and it have already begin its descent into shabbiness and eventual demolition . montage : the nine other guest of the hotel each observe from a respectful distance : a frail student ; a fat businessman ; a burly hiker with a St. Bernard ; a schoolteacher with she hair in a bun ; a doctor ; a lawyer ; a actor ; and so on . author ( v.o . ) what few guest we be have quickly come to recognize one another by sight as the only live soul reside in the vast establishment -- although I do not believe any acquaintance among we number have proceed beyond the polite nod we exchange as we pass in the Palm Court and the Arabian bath and onboard the colonnade funicular . we be a very reserve group , it seem -- and , without exception , solitary . CUT to : a enormous , half - abandon dining room . there be two hundred table and fifty chandelier . the ten guest sit , each on he or she own , at they separate table , widely - space across the giant restaurant . a waiter carry a tray a great distance to the schoolteacher and serve she a plate of peas . int . lobby . evening there be fade couch , fray armchair , and coffee table with new , plastic top . the carpet be threadbare , and the lighting in each area be either too dim or too bright . a concierge with a crooked nose smoke a cigarette as he linger behind he desk . he be M. Jean . ( note : the staff of the hotel in both the relevant time - period wear similar version of the same purple uniform =- while the public space reflect a cycle of '' regime change '' . ) on the wall behind M. Jean , there be a beautiful , flemish painting of a pale , young boy hold a piece of golden fruit . this be '' Boy with Apple '' . a patch of water - damage above seep dangerously close to the picture - frame . the author ( a fictionalized version of himself ) wander into the room with he hand in he pocket . he have dark circle under he eye . author ( v.0 . ) perhaps as a result of this general silence , I have establish a casual and banter familiarity with the hotel 's concierge , a west-continental know only as M. Jean , who strike one as be , at once , both lazy and , really , quite accommodate . M. Jean quickly stub out he cigarette as the author approach -- and tuck the butt into he coat pocket . author ( v.0 . ) I expect he be not well - pay . the author and M. Jean chat amicably as they study a pamphlet of Alpine tourist site . author ( v.0 . ) in any case , one evening , as I stand confer elbow - to - elbow with M. Jean , as have become my habit , I notice a new presence in we company . at the far end of a colonnade , beyond reception , a dark - skinned , white - haire seventy - year - old man in a three - piece - suit sit alone smoking a pipe . he be Mr. moustafa . author ( v.0 . ) a small , elderly man , smartly dress , with a exceptionally lively , intelligent face -- and a immediately perceptible air of sadness . he be , like the rest of we , alone -- but also , I must say , he be the first that strike one as be deeply and truly , lonely . ( a symptom of my own medical condition , as well . Mr. moustafa drink a sip of sherry . the author lower he voice and ask discreetly : author ( v.0 . ) '' who 's this interesting , old fellow , '' I inquire of M. Jean . to my surprise , he be distinctly take aback . '' do not you know ? '' he ask . '' do not you recognize he ? '' he do look familiar . '' that 's Mr moustafa himself ! he arrive early this morning . '' the author look to Mr. moustafa again . Mr. moustafa be now stare directly back at the author . the author quickly look away and examine a detail in the woodwork on the ceiling . author ( v.0 . ) this name will , no doubt , be familiar to the more seasoned person among you . Mr. Zero moustafa be , at one time , the richest man in Zubrowka ; and be still indeed , the owner of the Grand budapest . '' he often come and stay a week or more , three time a year , at least -- but never in the season . '' M. Jean signall to I and I lean closer . '' I will tell you a secret . he take only a single - bed sleep - room without a bath in the rear corner of the top floor -- and it 's smaller than the service elevator ! '' the author seem genuinely intrigue by this information . he nod thoughtfully . author ( v.0 . ) it be well - know : moustafa have purchase and famously inhabit some of the most lavish castle and pallazzo on the continent -- yet , here , in he own nearly - empty hotel , he occupy a servant 's quarter ? m , . Jean frown . the fat businessman , sit at a table in the middle of the lobby drink hot chocolate and eat biscotti -- appear to be choke to death . author ( v.0 . ) at that moment the curtain rise on a parenthetical , domestic drama which require the immediate and complete attention of M. Jean —- M. Jean dash out from behind he desk . as he perform a improvise version of the heimlich maneuver on the fat businessman , the german hiker enter the lobby with he St. Bernard . the rescue dog , sense a human in distress , charge avidly , hurdle three table and jostling the dessert cart , and arrive at the fat businessman 's side just as a significant hunk of biscotti rocket out of he mouth , into the air , and land on a saucer at the next table . M. Jean immediately detach a cask hang from the dog 's neck , pour a generous shot of brandy into a water glass , and force it down the fat businessman 's throat . author ( v.0 . ) -- but , frankly , do not hold mine for long . the other guest of the hotel begin to gather around the gasp victim as the author make he way into the elevator . he press a button , and the door close . montage : the author appear pensive as he : lie in bed that night stare up at the ceiling ; sit in the dining room at breakfast eat toast and gaze into space ; and float through the conservatory ignore flora at noon . he nod to the schoolteacher sketching a orchid . she smile and nod back . author ( v.0 . ) however , this premature intermission in the story of the curious , old man have leave I , as the expression go gespannant wie ein flitzebogen , that be , on the edge of my seat -- where I remain throughout the next morning until , in what I have find to be its mysterious and utterly reliable fashion : fate , once again , intervene on my behalf . int . spa . day a steamy , underground mineral bath . miniature tile of various shape and intricate pattern cover every inch of the wall , floor , and ceiling . distant voice echo faintly through succeed chamber . a long row of identical , adjacent cubicle each contain a blue tub and be tile in a more recent , utilitarian style . the author soak in one of they . he shake salt from a carton into the water and stir it . a voice interrupt from off - screen : mr . moustafa ( 0.s. ) I admire you work . the author hesitates . he look around . he be not sure which general direction the voice come from . author I beg you pardon ? mr . moustafa ( 0.s. ) I say , I know and admire you wonderful work . there be a small splash , and Mr. moustafa lean into view from behind a partition where he himself be soaking in a cubicle three tub over . he wear a bathing cap . the author sit up straight and say formally : author thank you most kindly , sir . mr . moustafa ( teasing slightly ) do M. Jean have a word or two to share with you about the age proprietor of this establishment ? author ( reluctantly ) I must confess , sir , I do , myself , inquire about you . mr . moustafa ( resign ) he 's perfectly capable , of course , M. Jean -- but we can not claim he 's a first - or , in earnest , even second - rate concierge . ( sadly ) but there it be . Times have change . the author nod , attentive . he change the subject to observe encouragingly , motion toward the plunging pool across the hall : author the thermal bath be very beautiful mr . moustafa ( gently ) they be , in they first condition . it could not be maintain , of course . too decadent for current taste -- but I love it all , just the same . this enchant , old ruin . Mr. moustafa look wistfully around the vault space . the author squint , hold up a finger , and ask gingerly : author how do you come to buy it , if I may ask ? the Grand budapest . pause . Mr. moustafa disappear back behind the partition . the author look slightly puzzle . Mr. moustafa immediately reappear , but he have turn himself around in the tub and be now face the opposite direction so he can more comfortably rest in view . he prop he elbow onto the edge of the bath . his eye twinkle as he say : mr . moustafa I do not . at this moment , one of the matron of the hammam blast the fat , now naked , businessman with a jet of icy water . he holler as he be spray - down . silence . Mr. moustafa and the author look back to each other . each have raise a eyebrow . they both smile slightly . mr . moustafa if you be not merely be polite ( and you must tell I if that 's the case ) , but if it genuinely do interest you : may I invite you to dine with I tonight , and it will be my pleasure and , indeed , my privilege to tell you -- '' my '' story . such as it be . int . dine room . night the enormous restaurant as before -- but now one of the table have be set for two and be occupy by the author and Mr. moustafa . the nine other guest watch , curious , from they usual spot Mr. moustafa stare at the wine list as he rattles off a robust order ( oyster , soup , rabbit , fowl , lamb ) . '' Boy with Apple '' be on the cover of the menu . the waiter depart . mr . moustafa that should provide we ample time -- if I commence promptly . author by all mean . another waiter arrive to uncork a split of champagne and pour a thimbleful . Mr. moustafa taste it and nod . the waiter pour two , full coupe . they each drink a long sip . finally , Mr. moustafa settles in : mr . moustafa it begin , as it must , with we mutual friend 's predecessor . the beloved , original concierge of the Grand budapest . ( with deep affection ) it begin , of course , with -- title : part 1 : '' M. gustave '' int . sitting room . day the early thirty . a double-reception salon with high ceiling and two couch . there be six trunk and eight suitcase arrange neatly at the side of the room . each be paint with the initial mdm. c.v.d.u.t. outside , a light snow fall . a tall , blond , forty - year - old concierge stand patiently alone surveying the room . he be tranquil , perfectly compose , wait . he wear the faintest hint of mascara . he be M. gustave . M. gustave cross swiftly to the door and open it just as a contingent of hotel staff arrive together from down the corridor . there be two waiter , two footmen , two bellboy , and a arab teenager , small , cheerful , and alert , who appear to be some kind of page . he be Zero . one of the waiter carry a table , and one carry a breakfast tray . M. gustave usher they in : M. gustave bring the table to the window . first waiter yes , M. gustave . M. gustave bring the tray to the table . second waiter right away , M. gustave . M. gustave ( point to two hat ) have that be brush and block ? footman of course , M. gustave . M. gustave pack they in the hat box . ( point to a shopping bag ) be that from oberstdorf and company ? bellboy I believe so , M. gustave . M. gustave second trunk . who have the ticket ? 10 . Zero raise he hand . zero I do , M. gustave . M. gustave give they to I . Zero hand M. gustave a set of train ticket . M. gustave study they carefully . he nod and point . M. gustave this be in order . wait in the corner . Zero retreat . M. gustave stride to the bedroom door , rap on it briefly , then swing it open . M. gustave good morning , Madame . you breakfast be serve . the sit room be a battlefield at the moment , but rest assure , you will be en route in precisely -- ( check he watch ) eleven minute . you look heavenly . pray be seat . a immaculately - dress , eighty - year - old woman emerge from the bedroom , nimble , brisk -- and highly agitate . she be Madame D . she be follow by two young woman , a lady 's may and a private secretary , who quickly join the hubbub fidget with trunk and rush to - and - for prepare for they departure . M. gustave wait for Madame D. to sit , then join she ; at which point , she immediately lean across to he and say in a gravely serious , urgent whisper : madame D. I be not leave . M. gustave ( puzzle ) why not ? madame D. I be frighten . M. gustave of what ? madame D. I feel this may be the last time we ever see each other . M. gustave why on earth would that be the case ? will . madame D. I can not put it into word -- but I feel it . M. gustave well , for goodness 's sake , there 's no reason for you to leave we if -- madame D . be there a priest in the hotel ? M. gustave of course , not . madame D. there should be . I have always say so . M. gustave well , I have always profoundly disagree . the Grand budapest be no place for clergy . madame D. come with I . M. gustave hesitates slightly . he gesture to the ticket and speculate in disbelief : M. gustave to lutz ? madame D. ( desperately ) please . M. gustave ( wildly frustrated ) how can I ? with this enormous rock - pile around my neck like a albatross . ( take charge ) tell I right now -- wholly , specifically , and without abbreviation : what 's troubling you ? ( surprised ) be you weep ? tear have begin to stream down Madame D 's cheek . M. gustave produce a dazzle pink handkerchief and dry she eye . the old woman take a deep breath . madame D. let we pray . Madame D. close she eye , lower she chin , and cross herself . M. gustave reluctantly follow suit . silence . Madame D. snap one eye back open suddenly : 12 . madame D. well ? m , . gustave ( surprised ) you want I to do it ? madame D. ( with authority ) if you do not mind . M. gustave ( instantly ) dear heavenly Father , please , protect we cherish guest as she travel through snow and sleet and under shadow of darkness . guide she in the night to she final destination . indeed , whatever luxury she may require , be it small or more extravagant , please , do grant madame D. ( now with both eye open ) that 's not a proper prayer . M. gustave give I you hand . Madame D. do so . M. gustave firmly clasp it . he say in a affectionate , reassure , patronize voice : M. gustave you have nothing to fear . you be always anxious before you travel . I admit you appear to be suffer a more acute attack on this occasion , but , truly and honestly -- ( suddenly take aback ) dear God . what have you do to you fingernails ? Madame D. wear a understate , pale-pink polish . she stiffen . madame D. I beg you pardon ? M. gustave this diabolical varnish . the color 's completely wrong . madame D. ( slightly uncertain ) really ? you do not like it ? 13 . M. gustave it 's not that I do not like it . I be physically repulse . ( check he watch again ) time to go ! int . corridor . day the procession of trunk , case , and assistant go in one direction , and M. gustave , Madame D , and Zero ( carry a small leather jewel case ) go in the other . CUT to : the elevator on its way down . M. gustave sit with Madame D. ( now wear glove ) on a velvet - upholster bench . she clutches he arm and look deeply concerned . Zero stand at attention with the jewel case alongside a veteran elevator operator . M. gustave perhaps this will soothe you . madame D. ( alarmed ) what ? do not recite . M. gustave just listen to the word . madame D. ( anxious ) please . not now . M. gustave hush ! ( declaim gently ) '' while questing once in noble wood of grey , medieval pine , I come upon a tomb rain -slick have , rubbed - cool , ethereal ; its inscription long - vanish , yet still within its melancholy fissure -- '' " Madame D. sigh deeply yet do seem to calm somewhat as she accept the inevitability of this stanzas . ext . front entrance . day the trunk be pile on the roof of a long , silver limousine . more suitcase stick out of the rumble seat ( along with the two bellboy ) . Madame D. and she secretary sit inside the car . M. gustave reach in the window and tighten a fur steal around Madame D 's shoulder . 14 . madame D. will you light a candle for I , please ? in the sacristy at Santa Maria . Madame D. dig a five klubeck coin out of she handbag and press it into M. gustave 's hand . he accept it : M. gustave I will see to it myself immediately . ( saintly ) remember : I be always with you . M. gustave begin to withdraw , but Madame D. grip he shoulder tightly . she whisper , sincere and impassion , what she fear will be they last communication : madame D. I love you . M. gustave ( as if to a child ) I love you . ( bark at the driver ) abfahren ! the driver hit the gas . M. gustave watch as the vehicle race away , spitting ice- chip off the pack snow . Zero linger outside the front door . M. gustave say with discreet pride as he continue to stare off down the road into the village of nebelsbad : M. gustave it 's quite a thing win the loyalty of a woman like that for nineteen consecutive season . Zero hesitates -- uncertain that he be , in fact , be address . he venture : zero yes , sir . M. gustave she 's very fond of I , you know . zero yes , sir . M. gustave I have never see she like that before . zero no , sir . 15 . M. gustave ( mildly concerned ) she be shaking like a shitting dog . zero ( unfamiliar with the expression ) truly . M. gustave hold out the five klubeck coin , still stare off into the distance , and say rapidly though distract : M. gustave run to the cathedral of Santa Maria christiana in brucknerplatz . buy one of the plain , half - length candle and take back four klubeck in change . Light it in the sacristy , say a brief rosary , then go to mendl 's and get I a courtesan au chocolat . if there 's any money leave , give it to the crippled shoe-shine boy . M. gustave point to a blind child in leg brace crouch at the top of the funicular track . the boy whistle a war march while he polish a man 's boot . zero right away , sir . Zero nod briskly and take the coin . M. gustave look squarely at he for the first time . M. gustave hold it . Zero freeze , poise to dash off . M. gustave frown slightly . he say finally , point : M. gustave who be you ? zero ( stammer ) Zero , sir . the new lobby Boy . M. gustave ( mystify ) Zero , you say ? zero yes , sir . M. gustave well , I have never hear of you . I have never laid eye on you . who hire you ? 16 . zero ( worried ) Mr. mosher , sir . M. gustave ( sharply ) Mr. mosher ! M. gustave snap he finger . a man with neat , oily hair and a thin moustache briskly approach . he be Mr. mosher . mr . mosher yes , M. gustave ? M. gustave be I to understand you have surreptitiously hire this young man in the position of a lobby Boy ? mr . mosher he 's be engage for a trial period -- pend you approval , of course . M. gustave ( vaguely remember ) perhaps . thank you , Mr. mosher . mr . mosher you be most welcome , M. gustave M. gustave look back to Zero . he say ominously : M. gustave you be now go to be officially interview . int . lobby . day M. gustave stride through the front door . Zero be quickly at he heel , terrify . M. gustave withdraw a small note-book from he pocket as they walk . Zero ask , uncertain : zero should I go and light the candle first ? M. gustave ( not sure what he mean ) what ? no. ( start the interview ) experience ? 17 . zero ( anxious , very formal ) Hotel kinski , Kitchen Boy , six month . Hotel berlitz , mop and broom Boy , three month . before that I be a skillet scrubber in the banquet hall at -- m , . gustave ( note this ) experience : zero . at this moment , a criss -crossing group of people simultaneously engage M. gustave all at once . they be : aman in a finely - tailore business suit with a pair of opera ticket in he hand , a doorman in a long coat hold a bouquet of white rose , and a tiny bellboy . ( this be anatole . ) HOTEL guest no.1 thank you again , M. gustave . M. gustave ( curtly to anatole ) straighten that cap , anatole . ( warmly to the hotel guest ) the pleasure be mine , herr schneider . anatole ( work on it ) the damn strap 's bust . M. gustave ( study the rose ) this be not acceptable . doorman I agree , M. gustave . suddenly , M. gustave and Zero be alone again . M. gustave resume he interrogation as they proceed across the carpet : M. gustave Education ? zero ( worried ) I study read and spelling . I complete my primary school certificate . I almost start -- m , . gustave ( note this ) Education : zero. 18. a second criss -crossing group of people now engage M. gustave . this time : a very old washroom attendant carry a monkey - wrench , the head waiter wear a apron and wave a menu , and a woman of a certain age in a beautifully - embroider dress with a small dachshund cradle in she arm . washroom attendant now it 's explode . M. gustave ( sweetly to the dachshund ) good morning , cicero . ( coldly to the washroom attendant ) call the goddamn plumber . HOTEL guest no.2 ( flirtatious ) this afternoon , M. gustave ? head waiter ( angrily ) what in the hell be this ? M. gustave ( equally flirtatious without fail , frau lieble . ( sharply to the head waiter ) not now ! the second interruption end . M. gustave continue : M. gustave family ? zero ( long pause ) Zero . M. gustave ( note this ) I see . M. gustave lead Zero through a rotunda , below a grand , wind staircase , and back into the elevator . he close he note-book . the elevator operator await instruction . M. gustave six . the elevator operator throw a lever and they begin to ascend . M. gustave lock eye with Zero . M. gustave why do you want to be a lobby Boy ? 19 . the elevator operator cast a side - way look . Zero search for the honest answer -- then find it : zero well , who would not -- at the Grand budapest , sir ? it 's a institution . M. gustave ( deeply impressed ) very good . int . sitting room . day M. gustave and Zero re-enter Madame D 's suite . M. gustave walk directly over to a pedestal where a envelope wait tuck beneath a vase . he tear it open and withdraw a letter and a stack of bill fold in half . he count the money and say coolly : M. gustave a thousand klubeck . zero ( astonished ) my goodness . M. gustave skim the letter . he hold it up for Zero to see . there be a lipstick - kiss at the bottom of the text . Zero be unsure how to interpret this . M. gustave raise he eyebrow and tuck the note and the bill inside he jacket . his eye glaze over in a moment of reverie . he sigh . Zero make a sudden realization : zero be you ever a lobby Boy , sir ? M. gustave ( bristle but playful ) what do you think ? zero ( speculative ) well , I suppose you have to start -- M. gustave go light the goddamn candle . title : one month later int . lobby . day the crowded room buzze in all corner . Zero circulate among table and sofa hold up a fold telegram while he call out a name , search . a military officer 20 . in a grey uniform hail he , and Zero dash over to deliver the missive . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) and so , my life begin . junior lobby Boy ( in-train ) , Grand budapest Hotel under the strict command of M. gustave H. I become he pupil , and he be to be my counselor and guardian . M. gustave ( v.0 . ) ( rhetorical ) what be a lobby Boy ? montage : Zero push a old man in a wheelchair . Zero arrange a white bouquet . Zero replace dirty ashtray , rearrange furniture , and shield a large woman with a toothpick from view as she excavate between she tooth . M. gustave ( v.0 . ) a lobby Boy be completely invisible , yet always in sight . a lobby Boy remember what people hate . a lobby Boy anticipate the client 's need before the need be need . a lobby Boy , above all , be discreet , to a fault . CUT to : M. gustave , accompany by Zero , advance down a corridor at high velocity . on the floor next to each door they pass , a pair of shoe wait to be polished . M. gustave we guest 's know they deep secret , some of which be , frankly , rather unseemly , will go with we to we grave -- so keep you mouth shut , Zero . zero yes , sir . M. gustave stop at the end of the hallway in front of a door label kaiser frederick suite . he say to Zero : M. gustave that 's all for now . Zero hesitates for a instant , then nod and reverse rapidly away . M. gustave withdraw a ring of pass -key from he pocket . he look up and down the corridor furtively . 21 . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) I begin to realize that many of the hotel 's most value and distinguished guest -- come for he . Zero look back briefly over he shoulder as he start down the staircase and see M. gustave slip into the suite . the door lock . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) it seem to be a essential part of he duty , but I believe it be also he pleasure . montage : a succession of dame of vary grandeur see téte - a- téte with M. gustave : a sixty - year - old Russian chat with he in the tea salon ; a sixty - five - year - old german stroll with he on the promenade ; a seventy - year - old argentinian share a cigarette with he naked in she bed ; a seventy - five - year - old englishwoman wash he back in she bath ; and a eighty - year - old austrian wear a hair - net and a nightgown give he a blow - job while he watch in the mirror and eat grape . there be a platinum wig on a stand on the dress table . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) the requirement be always the same they have to be : rich , old , insecure , vain , superficial , blonde , needy CUT to : Mr. moustafa and the author at they dinner table . the remain of a rabbit tart be replace by a sizeable , roast pheasant as the author gently inquiry : author why blonde ? mr . moustafa ( after a moment 's reflection ) because they all be . int . elevator . day M. gustave , somewhat tousle , with lipstick on he cheek , stand wait to arrive at he floor . he check the railing for dust . the car stop and the elevator operator open the gate . M. gustave exit with a curt nod . a middle - age couple enter 22 . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) he be , by the way , the most liberally perfume man I have ever encounter . the scent announce he approach from a great distance and lingered for many minute after he be go . as the elevator descend , the middle - age couple sniff the air . the man look irritate . the woman swoon slightly . int . staff quarter . morning Zero wake up in the pitch black in a tiny room smaller than a service elevator , turn on the light , spring to he foot dress in white pajamas with short trousers , splashes water from a bowl onto he face , then quickly dampen and comb he hair . his uniform hang neatly from a peg on the wall . he carefully groom it with a clothes - brush . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) I work six day each week plus a half - day Sunday , five a.m. until just after midnight . we meal be small but frequent ( for stamina ) : two breakfast , two lunch , and a late supper . M. gustave also deliver a nightly sermon : int . mess hall . night the evening meal . most of the hotel staff occupy a long table set for fifty . a thin , grey broth be serve with boil potato . M. gustave start at a little podium , then pace back and forth in front of it as he address the group . they begin to eat hungrily -- but , at the same time , they continue to listen , attentive and respectful : M. gustave rudeness be merely the expression of fear . people fear they will not get what they want . the most dreadful and unattractive person : only need to be love -- and they will open - up like a flower . I be remind of a verse ( recite ) '' the painter 's brush touch the inchoate face by end of nimble bristle -- and , with that blush of first color , render she lifeless cheek , live ; though languish -- " as the poetry begin , some of the diner 's eye glaze over and there be faint sigh . Mr. moustafa continue he narration : 23 . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) his own dinner , he take alone in he room . CUT to : M. gustave seat at a fold table in a room nearly identical to Zero 's but with a connect sit room and kitchenette . he wear he uniform trousers and a white undershirt . he eat a bowl of cereal while listen to classical music on a radio-set . there be approximately twenty - five identical bottle of cologne on a shelf above the sink in the background . each be label l’air de panache , pure musk . ext . front entrance . day a large sedan with tire - chain arrive through the snow and park in front of the hotel . a sign next to five star on the side of the hood read : Grand budapest Hotel . one of the back door open , and a tall man in a double - breast suit emerge . he carry a briefcase and wear a pointy beard . he be deputy kovac . he hurry to the top of the step where M. gustave wait to greet he . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) the identity of the owner of the hotel be unknown to all of we . each month , he emissary , know as deputy kovac , arrive to review the book and convey message on behalf of the mysterious proprietor . int . lobby . day Zero , substitute at the concierge desk , look up to a high window across the room where the shadowy figure of M. gustave and deputy kovac meet in a storage pantry . a clerk with a pot-belly flip the page in a ledger - book and take note . he be herr becker . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) on this occasion , M. gustave and we business manager , herr becker , meet with he in private consultation above reception . CUT to : a plain , graceful , seventeen - year - old beanpole with freckle and a birthmark the shape of Mexico on the side of she face . she be agatha . she work a roll - pin over a wide expanse of flatten pastry - dough . there be cart circle around she fill with trays of exceptionally well - make , beautifully - decorate pastry 24 . shape like hour-glass figure . ( this be courtesan au chocolat . ) mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) this be also when I meet agatha -- agatha pause to dry the perspiration on she brow with the back of she sleeve . she resume she roll . ext . bakery . day the timber - frame store - front of a tiny patisserie . a large sign paint in delicate , pink cursive across the glass read : mendl 's . there be a heavy - set baker in a apron with flour all over every inch of himself stand in the doorway . he be herr mendl . agatha ride a rickety bicycle up the alley next to the shop and ring a bell as she turn onto the cobblestone lane . she bear a milkmaid 's yoke balanced across she shoulder overload with sixty small , pink pastry - box tie with string . CUT to : agatha grip the handlebar as she bounce pedall down the road . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) -- but we will not discuss that . title : part : '' Madame c.v.d.u.t . '' ext . town square . morning Dawn . the platz in the center of nebelsbad be desert . Zero emerge briskly from a press kiosk carry a thick stack of newspaper . he look down , scan headline , as he cross the street . Zero stop . his eye be glue to one of the article . he skim it . he quickly re-read it twice more . his mouth fall open . Zero bolt off at a sprint . ext . front entrance . morning Zero race up the step into the hotel carry the stack of newspaper . 25 . int . lobby . morning Zero dash past reception carry the stack of newspaper . int . rotunda . morning Zero mount the staircase three step at a time carry the stack of newspaper . int . corridor . morning Zero speed - walk to the end of the hallway and stop in front of a door label prince heinrich suite . a sign on the knob read : do not disturb . Zero hesitates , then knock . pause . the door open a crack and a irritate M. gustave in a purple , silk dress gown look out . M. gustave what do you want ? zero ( a frantic whisper ) look . Zero hold up the stack of newspaper . M. gustave pick one off the top and study it . insert : the front page of the tran - Alpine yodel . the headline be , '' will there be War ? tank at Frontier '' -- but a column below the fold read : dowager countess found Dead in boudoir a photograph show Madame D 's corpse flat on she back on a white carpet . as M. gustave read the article , he say gravely : M. gustave dear god. zero ( sadly ) I be terribly sorry , sir . m , . gustave ( melodramatic but pain ) we must go to she . zero ( hesitates ) we must ? 26 . M. gustave tout de suite . she need I -- and I need you : to help I with my bag and so on . a old woman 's voice call from the next room , coquettish : french lady ( 0.s. ) tout va bien , mar cherie ? M. gustave ( sharply ) attendez- moi , darling . ( to Zero : ) how fast can you pack ? zero ( short pause ) five minute . M. gustave do it -- and bring a bottle of the pouilly - jouvé ' 26 in a ice - bucket with two glass so we do not have to drink the cat- piss they serve in the dining car . zero yes , sir . M. gustave slam the door , and Zero dash away down the corridor . int . train compartment . day a first - class state- room on the express to lutz . the snowy foot-hills of the Zubrowkian alp whiz by outside . M. gustave and Zero each hold a glass of chill white wine . there be tear in M. gustave 's eye . M. gustave I blame myself . M. gustave check the color of the wine in the light . it be excellent . M. gustave she try to tell I she have a premonition . I do not listen . ( imagine the scene ) all of lutz will be dress in black -- except she own ghastly , deceitful child whom she loathe and could not bear to kiss hello . they 'il be dance like gypsy . 27 . Zero nod soberly . M. gustave become philosophical / nihilistic : M. gustave there 's really no point in do anything in life , because it 's all over in the blink of a eye -- and , the next thing you know , rigor mortis set in . oh , how the good die young ! with any luck , she 's leave a few klubeck for you old friend -- ( motion to himself ) =- but one never know until the ink be dry on the death certificate . she be dynamite in the sack , by the way . zero ( scandalize in spite of himself ) she be eighty - four , M. gustave ! m , . gustave ( pause ) I have have older . M. gustave throw back the rest of he glass and refill it as he expands on the point : M. gustave when you be young , it 's all filet -steak , but as the year go by , you have to move on to the cheaper cut -- which be fine with I , because I like that . more flavorful , or so they say . ( shrug ) why be we stop at a barley field ? the train have , in fact , come to a halt in the middle of nowhere . noise echo from the other end of the coach : a door slam open ; loud voice argue ; heavy footstep approach . Three soldier appear in the compartment doorway . they be stocky , thick - neck , and armed with carbine rifle . they wear grey uniform and long coat . M. gustave say with a air of fancy - meeting - you - here : M. gustave well , hello there , chap . soldier # 1 ( blankly ) document , please . M. gustave with pleasure . 28 . M. gustave withdraw he passport from he coat pocket and present it to the soldier . the soldier begin to flip through it . M. gustave gesture toward the photograph of himself : M. gustave it 's not a very flatter portrait , I be afraid . I be once consider a great beauty . the soldier ignore this comment . M. gustave peer at the breast - pocket of he uniform . insert : a name tag pin below a military badge . it read : cpl. f. Miller . M. gustave raise a eyebrow and ask pointedly : M. gustave what 's the '' F '' stand for ? fritz ? franz . soldier # 1 ( hesitates ) franz . M. gustave ( exceedingly pleased ) I know it ! the soldier return the passport to M. gustave and look to Zero . Zero nervously hand he a crease and tatter little scrap of paper cover with stamp and seal . the soldier frown and study it . M. gustave smile , uneasy , and say lightly : M. gustave he 's make a funny face . ( to the soldier ) that 's a migratory Visa with stage Three Worker status , franz , darling . he 's with I . the soldier show the scrap of paper to he associate . they confer rapidly at a whisper . there be some debate . finally , the soldier wave for Zero to follow he : soldier # 1 come outside , please . Zero swallow hard and begin to rise -- but M. gustave motion sharply for he to stop . he say , a bit stern : 29 . M. gustave now wait a minute . ( to Zero ) sit down , Zero . ( to the soldier ) his papers be in order . I cross - reference they myself with the Bureau of Labor and servitude . you can not arrest he simply because he 's a bloody immigrant . he have not do anything wrong . the soldier hesitates . he turn to he associate again . they look back at he , expressionless . the soldier grab Zero by the arm and jerk he out of he seat . M. gustave be instantly on he foot , tussling m , . gustave stop it ! stop , damn you ! zero ( in disbelief ) never mind , M. gustave ! let they proceed ! M. gustave be slam and hold against one wall while Zero be pound into another . M. gustave shout and struggle . M. gustave what be you do ? that hurt in two second : both M. gustave and Zero be lock in hand - cuff with they arm behind they back . at this point , M. gustave explode : M. gustave you filthy , goddamn , pock -mark , fascist asshole ! ( in a pure rage : ) take you hand off my lobby Boy ! m , . gustave and Zero lock eye across the fraca . in a instant : they be brother . a new voice shout from the end of the corridor : henckel ( 0.s. ) what 's the problem ? all the soldier snap to attention as a young officer appear in the doorway . he be well - groom and clean - shaven . he wear a dress - grey uniform with a cape . he be henckel . the first soldier hand he the scrap of paper and start to explain the situation -- but M. gustave interrupt calmly with blood trickle from he nose : 30 . M. gustave this be outrageous . the young man work for I at the Grand budapest Hotel in nebelsbad . henckel turn suddenly to M. gustave . he stare . he say in a quiet voice : henckel M. gustave ? M. gustave look at henckel , curious . he nod slowly . henckel : my name be henckel . I be the son of Dr. and Mrs. wolfgang henckel - bergersdérfer . do you remember I ? M. gustave I know exactly who you be . it 's uncanny . you be little Albert . henckel I be terribly embarrassed . ( to the soldier ) release they . the soldier immediately remove the hand - cuff from both M. gustave and Zero while henckel take out a note-book and begin to scribble something onto a yellow ticket . M. gustave sit down and press he pink handkerchief onto he nostril . henckel say as he write : henckel you colleague be stateless . he will need to apply for a revise special Transit permit , which , honestly , at this point , may be very difficult to acquire . take this . henckel finish write , tear the ticket out of he note-book , and hand it to M. gustave . henckel it 's temporary , but it 's the best I can offer , I be afraid . M. gustave how 's you wonderful mother ? henckel very well , thank you . M. gustave I adore she . send my love . 31 . henckel I will . henckel motion politely for Zero to return to he seat and hand the scrap of paper back to he . Zero tuck it carefully into a envelope . his hand be shaking . henckel say gently : henckel you companion be very kind to I when I be a lonely little boy . ( to both M. gustave and Zero ) my man and I apologize for disturbing you . henckel turn coldly to the first soldier . he look sheepish . he say , robotic , to M. gustave : soldier # 1 I beg you pardon , sir . henckel and the soldier immediately leave the compartment , march down the corridor , and exit the coach . silence . M. gustave you see ? there be still faint glimmer of civilization leave in this barbaric slaughterhouse that be once know as humanity . indeed , that 's what we provide in we own modest , humble , insignificant -- ( sigh deeply ) oh , fuck it . M. gustave look out the window as the train begin to move again . Zero appear to be in a state of numb shock . montage : the cosmopolitan city of lutz in the dead of night . a xickity Daimler taxi sputter along a wind cobblestone road at top speed . it squeeze up a narrow lane line with shop . all be close and shutter . it dip into a tunnel through a brick building . it cross a stone bridge high over a river . it drive through a iron gate , circle around a garden , and skid to a stop next to Madame D 's limousine . up a short path , there be a enormous mansion . int . foyer . day a bell ring . foot clack and echo on the wide marble floor . a may in black hurry to open the front door . she be clotilde . M. gustave and Zero enter the vestibule 32 . while the taxi wait outside . M. gustave kiss clotilde on both cheek and say immediately : M. gustave where be she , clotilde ? take I to she . clotilde lead M. gustave with Zero in tow through a series of door , en fillade , until they arrive at a dimly candle - light draw room . mural of cherub cover the wall . there be a harpsichord in one corner and a loudly tick grandfather clock in another . the foot of the corpse , in silver pump , jut out , toe up , from inside the casket on top of a gold - leaf table . M. gustave stop and gasp . he turn to clotilde and nod . she tug Zero by the sleeve , and they withdraw . M. gustave pick up a chair , carry it to the body , set it down , and sit . silence . he speak in a normal , conversational voice : M. gustave you be look so well , darling . you really be . they have do a marvelous job . I do not know what sort of cream they have put on you down at the morgue , but I want some . honestly , you look better than you have in year . you look like you be alive ! M. gustave shake he head in admiration . he lean down and kiss Madame D. on the lip . Zero and clotilde , watch discreetly from the shadow in the next room , look slightly revolt . M. gustave take the corpse 's hand . he notice something and hesitates . insert : Madame D 's fingernails . they be now lacquer in a rich plum . M. gustave say , deeply move : M. gustave you change it , after all . it 's perfect . ( call to the next room ) clotilde ? clotilde advance into view . she say respectfully : maid oui , M. gustave ? 33. M. gustave a glass of chill water with no ice , please . clotilde oui , M. gustave -- et aussi : M. serge a démandé un mot avec vous en privé dan son office , s’il vous plait . M. gustave ( slightly irritate ) oh . well , all right . ( distract , to the body ) I sha not be long , darling . M. gustave stand up and follow clotilde through the xow of door . Zero look back at the casket as he trail behind they . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) we be escort through a green-baize door , down a narrow service - corridor , and into the butler 's pantry . int . office . night a small chamber separate from the kitchen by a glass - panell wall . M. gustave check he watch . there be a glass of water in he hand . Zero drink a sip of milk . in the background , a sous chef chop while the cook stir a bubbling broth . Kitchen and scullery maid dart back and forth clanking pot and pan . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) a moment later , the kitchen passage swing open , and a small servant dress in white jolted into the room . a extremely anxious , petite butler enter with a ice - bucket . he be serge . he hack chip off a freeze block in the sink and fill the container briskly . he turn to go -- then spot M. gustave look out at he from inside the pantry . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) I have never forget the look on that man 's face . serge be : deeply distraught , physically exhaust , and , above all , terrify . he swallow , hold up a quick finger for M. gustave to wait , then disappear back out the door . M. gustave frown . he say to himself : 34 . M. gustave what the devil be go on ? M. gustave look to Zero . Zero be perplex . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) I , myself , have never set foot inside a house of this kind in my life . M. gustave dump he glass of water into a pot cactus and stride through the chaotic kitchen while clotilde watch he with a feather duster in she hand . she make a reluctant move to advise he to stop -- but he fly past she , bang out the swinging door after serge , and march into a dark corridor . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) I understand very little about the event that be to follow -- but , eventually , I come to recognize : int . trophy room . night a door open . M. gustave come inside and stop short . he hesitates . Zero sidle in next to he . they both stare , mouth open . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) when the destiny of a great fortune be at stake , man 's greed spread like a poison in the bloodstream CUT to : a dark , woody parlor with mount head everywhere ( lion , tiger , buffalo , antelope , etc ) . a murmure audience of fifty man in business suit be gather and take its seat in row before a dais . every age , build , and variety of facial hair be account for . some carry briefcase and cane . most have strong drink in they hand . there be also several young dandy ; a few little old lady ; and a pair of country farmer . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) uncle , nephew , cousin -- in - law of increasingly tenuous connection . the old woman 's most distant relation have come forage out of the wood -work . serge drop a ice- cube into a glass of whiskey with tong . he do a double - take as he see that M. gustave have follow he into the room . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) at the head of this congregation ( it be a disorient coincidence ) , we ( more ) 35 . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) discover we own deputy kovac ( himself a important attorney , of course ) . he be the executor of the dead widow 's estate . deputy kovac , stand behind a desk on a platform at the front of the room , squint at M. gustave , puzzle . M. gustave and Zero look back at he , equally confuse . deputy kovac turn he attention back to the seat audience . he clear he throat , set a large , cardboard box down in front of he , and address the room : deputy kovac this be Madame D 's last will and Testament . it consist of a general tontine draw up before the event of she husband 's death forty - six year ago -- deputy kovac lift a fade , fragile slip of paper out of the box . he place it delicately onto the table . deputy kovac -- in combination with 635 amendment , notation , correction , and letter of wish execute during the subsequent decade . deputy kovac reach into the box with two hand and pull out a enormous pile of scrap , slip , shred , sliver , form , file , post -card , and various bit of lint and loose thread . he plant it all down with a thud . deputy kovac the ultimate legality of this accumulation require further analysis ; but , in the opinion of this office , it be Madame D 's intention that control of the vast bulk of she estate should be transfer , forthwith , to she son , dmitri -- CUT to : a spindly , thirty - five - year - old man with a thick head of spiky , black hair which stick up straight into the air . he have black eye and a black moustache . he wear a black suit cut close to he skinny body . he be dmitri . a thug in a leather coat with close - shaven head and high - heele boot sit slightly behind and beside he . he wear brass knuckle on both hand . he be jopl . 36 . deputy kovac with special allowance for he sister marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina -- CUT to : Madame D 's spinster daughter . they range in age from forty to fifty . they be sturdy and fierce . deputy kovac -- and minor gift for various member of the extend family as show in the list of recipient , which I will elucidate in due course . there be a mumble of general approval around the room and throughout the gallery of distant relation . a few take note . deputy kovac interject : deputy kovac however . voice hush . pause . deputy kovac a additional codicil , deliver into my possession by post only this morning and , by all indication , send by Madame D. during the last hour of she life , contain a amendment to the original certificate , which , as prescribe by law , I will read to you now . the authenticity of this document have not yet be confirm by the preside magistrate , so I ask that all party be patient and refrain from comment until such time as we investigation can be complete . dmitri and jopl confer at a tense whisper . the sister grumble , dismay . the group as a whole sit up to attention . deputy kovac slide a hand - write letter on pale-pink paper out of a envelope and read : deputy kovac '' to my esteem friend who comfort I in my later year and bring sunshine into the life of a old woman who think she would never be happy again -- M. gustave H. -- I bequeath , bestow , and devise , free of all taxation and with full and absolute fiduciary entitlement , the painting know as ' Boy with Apple 's -- 37 . M. gustave ( floor ) wow ! deputy kovac -- by johanne van hoytl -- M. gustave grip Zero by the shoulder like a vise . Zero grimace : M. gustave I can not believe it . deputy kovac -- the young -- dmitri drop a tumbler on the floor . he blurt angrily : dmitri what ? deputy kovac -- which give we both so much pleasure . '' deputy kovac look up . the three sister talk loudly over each other simultaneously : marguerite the van hoytl ? laetizia tax-free ? CAROLINA can she do that ? a hunch , ancient , grizzle , old man in the middle of the room throw up he hand . he ask loudly : old man who 's gustave h? M. gustave ( inevitably ) I be afraid that 's I , darling . every face in the entire assembly now turn around fully and stare at M. gustave and Zero . silence . the room erupt . all the distant relation start talk at once . dmitri be on he foot , advance toward the back of the room , flanke by jopl , as he explode , point at M. gustave : 38 . dmitri that fuck faggot ! he 's a concierge . what be you do here ? M. gustave ( stiffening ) I have come to pay my respects to a great woman whom I love . dmitri ( turn to the room ) this man be a intruder in my home M. gustave ( make a point of it ) it 's not yours yet , dmitri . only when probate be grant , and the deed of entitlement —- dmitri you be not get '' Boy with Apple '' , you goddamn little fruit ! M. gustave ( genuinely offended ) how 's that suppose to make I feel ? the three sister join dmitri as the vein in he neck begin to bulge . he continue loudly , for the record : dmitri call the police . we be press charge . this criminal have plague my family for nearly twenty year . he 's a ruthless adventurer and a con-artist who prey on mentally feeble , sick old lady -- and he probably fuck they , too ! the three sister look horrify . one of the little old lady gasp . shock face look to M. gustave . he shrug and say tentatively : M. gustave I go to bed with all my friend dmitri cold - cock M. gustave a upper-cut to the jaw and drop he with one punch . less than a second later , Zero slam he own fist squarely right into the middle of dmitri 's face and knock he over backward with blood spurting out of he nose . less than a second after that , jopl pound Zero in the side of the head send he fly with a smack against the wall and melting instantly into the floor . the room break into complete pandemonium . 39 . in the midst of the chaos , the hunch , old man say , aside , to a young one : old man where 's céline ? young man ( hesitates ) she 's dead . we be read she will . old man ( slightly embarrassed ) oh , quite right , of course . how silly of I . another young man , eavesdropp , start cough and spit red wine into he glass . in the meantime : serge help M. gustave and Zero to they foot as jopl restrain dmitri , and various of the distant relation attempt to interfere in the fray . dmitri , behind a almost certainly break nose , shout furiously at M. gustave as he strain to clamber over he henchman 's shoulder : dmitri if I learn you ever once laid a finger on my mother 's body , live or dead , I swear to God , I 'il cut you throat ! ( scream ) you hear I ? M. gustave ( clever though dizzy ) I think I be suppose to be a fuck faggot . dmitri ( hesitates ) you be , but you be bisexual ! M. gustave ( pause ) let 's change the subject . I be leave . M. gustave turn and , assist by serge and a staggering Zero , exit the room . int . kitchen . night clotilde rush to M. gustave 's assistance as serge bring he through the door . she brushes he shoulder and smooth he hair . serge shout frantically in french and guide they all back into he butler 's pantry . Zero hold he glass of milk against he ear like a ice - pack . serge and clotilde yell at each other while the 40 . other servant race in and out of the kitchen , panic . they disappear again into the next room . M. gustave and Zero , alone for a moment , catch they breath . M. gustave pants : M. gustave that picture -- '' Boy with Apple '' -- be priceless . understand ? zero . ( hopeful ) congratulation , M. gustave ! M. gustave they be go to fight I for the son of a bitch . zero be it very beautiful ? M. gustave ( swoon ) Beyond description . ( recite ) '' bren the most gift bard 's rhyme can only sing but to the lack of she and all she be not ! his tongue doth trip -- '' zero can I see it ? M. gustave look surprised . pause . M. gustave I do not see why not . M. gustave zoom out through the scullery and into a little stairwell . Zero follow . they spiral up a steep flight . CUT to : a wide landing overlook the foyer . the voice of the bicker assembly echo from the rear of the house . M. gustave look quickly leave and right , then dart down the hallway and through a set of double door . int . library . night a long , narrow gallery line from floor - to- ceiling with book and painting . M. gustave lead Zero straight through to the far end where '' Boy with Apple '' hang above a fire -place . he stand beside it face Zero and assume the role of a museum docent : 41 . M. gustave this be van hoytl 's exquisite portrayal of a beautiful boy on the cusp of manhood . blond , smooth . skin as white as that milk . ( point to Zero 's glass ) of impeccable provenance . one of the last in private hand -- and , unquestionably , the best . it 's a masterpiece . the rest of this shit be worthless junk . M. gustave and Zero stand side - by-side and admire the picture for a long minute -- then Zero look strangely to M. gustave . M. gustave look back at he , curious . Zero 's eye flicker . M. gustave frown . Zero go to the corner , pick up a foot-stool , and place it on the hearth . M. gustave hesitates . he step up onto the foot-stool . he lift the painting off its hook . he come back down to the floor . there be a dark rectangle in the wallpaper mark the absent picture . he turn to Zero again , uncertain . behind the fire-iron , lean against a stack of etching , Zero spot a wood - cut print of two lesbian masturbate . he grab it and hang it in the painting 's place . int . foyer . night M. gustave and Zero circle rapidly down the wide staircase . serge come into the room at the same time and meet they as they arrive at the front door . he say breathlessly : serge M. gustave ! pardonnez-moi . ce n’est pas -- serge see the painting tuck under M. gustave 's arm . he stare at it . he say reluctantly : serge je peux vous aider ? M. gustave oui , serge . vous pouvez emballer celui- la serge ( hesitates ) emballer -- '' Boy with Apple " ? M. gustave nod and hand serge the picture . serge take it . pause . he go over to a bureau , withdraw a large 42 . sheet of wrapping - paper , fold it around the painting , and tie it with string . he return the parcel to M. gustave . M. gustave merci , serge . serge open the front door . M. gustave and Zero quickly go outside and get into the taxi . serge , overwhelm and confuse , with tear in he eye , look in at they through one of the back - seat window . M. gustave roll it down . M. gustave what would you want to tell I ? before . serge ( long pause , with a heavy accent ) I think I can not say right now . M. gustave ( short pause ) write I tomorrow . ( sharply to the driver ) lutzbahn Station ! the taxi 's tire squeal , and the car shoot down the driveway . serge watch , deeply anguish and disturb . int . train compartment . night a sleeper on the over- night to nebelsbad . the bunk have be fold down and make - up , and both M. gustave and Zero wear pajamas . ( M. gustave 's be of burgundy silk and belt . ) '' Boy with Apple '' , partially unwrapped , be on display balanced along the edge of the wash -basin . M. gustave say soberly : M. gustave I will never part with it . it remind she of I . it will remind I of she . always . I will die with this picture above my bed . ( quickly ) see the resemblance ? M. gustave position himself alongside the painting . Zero mutter politely from he bed : zero oh , yes . M. gustave lie down . he stare up at the ceiling . pause . 43 . M. gustave actually , we should sell it . sooner rather than later , in case they try and steal it back . plus : something about that lunatic foot - soldier on the express -- I think this could be a tricky war and a long dry -spell in the hotel trade . for all we know , they could board we up tomorrow . Zero look alarmed . M. gustave sit up again and signal for he to come closer . Zero join he . M. gustave let 's make a solemn blood - pact . we will contact the black - market and liquidate '' Boy with Apple '' by the end of the week , then leave the country and lay low somewhere along the maltese riviera until the trouble blow over and we resume we post . in exchange for you help , you loyalty , and you service as my personal valet , I pledge to you : one- point - five percent of the net sale - price . Zero take this in . he say quietly : zero one-point-five . M. gustave plus room and board . zero ( optimistic ) could we make it ten ? M. gustave ( in disbelief ) ten ? be you joke ? that 's more than I have pay a actual dealer -- and you would not know chiarascuro from chicken giblet . no , one- point - five be correct but I / 11 tell you what : if I die first , and I most certainly will , you : will be my sole heir . there 's not much in the kitty except a set of ivory - back hairbrush and my library of romantic poetry -- but , when the time come , this will be yours , along with whatever we have not already spend on whore and whiskey . this be we sacred bond . I will draw it up right now . pause . Zero nod . M. gustave whisk a drink menu out of a slot on the wall , place it face - down on the night - 44 . stand , and set a fountain pen on top of it . he dictate : M. gustave I , M. gustave h , be of relatively sound mind and body , on this day the twenty - seventh of October in the year of we Lord nineteen hundred and Zero quickly uncap the pen and begin to write . int . storage pantry . day the next morning . a vault adjacent to the meeting room above the lobby . there be row of safety - deposit box with engrave room - number along the wall . M. gustave hide the wrap package behind a radiator . he take a fur steal off a coat hangar and drape it awkwardly over the top . they exit the room . M. gustave close the heavy , inner door and spin the combination lock , then slide a outer one shut and bolt it with a key . anatole ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . M. gustave and Zero jump . they turn around quickly and see anatole stand in the doorway . M. gustave mumble , anxious : M. gustave uh-huh ? anatole ( intrigue ) the police be here . they ask for you . silence . M. gustave nod . he say cheerily : M. gustave tell they we will be right down . anatole go back down the step . M. gustave and Zero look down into the lobby through a window . eight uniform officer wait at the concierge desk . M. gustave say tensely : M. gustave have you ever be question by the authority ? zero ( grimly ) yes , on one occasion , I be arrest and torture by the rebel militia after the Desert uprise . 45 . M. gustave ( hesitates ) right . well , you know the drill , then . Zip it . zero of course . M. gustave you have never hear the word van hoytl in you life . zero get it . m , . gustave ok . let 's go . M. gustave and Zero descend into the lobby . M. gustave 's face brighten as he cross the room and greet the visitor : M. gustave how may we serve you , gentleman ? police captain ( produce a warrant ) by order of the commissioner of Police , Zubrowka Province , I hereby place you under arrest for the murder of Madame céline villeneuve desgoffe und taxis . M. gustave ( somehow vindicate ) I know there be something fishy ! we never get the cause of death ! she 's be murder -- and you think I do it . M. gustave turn away and break into a sprint through the lobby . the police chase he . Zero watch , stunne . title : part 3 : '' check -point 19 criminal internment Camp '' ext . prison . day a buttress castle on a high rock spur . cluster of tangle barb - wire decorate the top of the wall above a sheer cliff that drop straight down into the medieval village below . Zero stand wait with a small pink pastry - box in he hand . there be a guard with a Tommy - gun next to he . silence . 46 . a hide gear begin to crank , and a heavy iron and oak gate swing slowly open . the guard make a off-hand toss of the head to signal for Zero to proceed . Zero nod politely and start across a narrow bridge over a moat . two more guard wait at the far end in front of the door to a fortify keep . int . visiting room . day a convert armory contain a row of chair along a extend table with a penitentiary - style wire - glass partition down the middle . Zero sit alone . the pastry - box be in front of he next to a glass of water . a door open , and another guard escort M. gustave into the room . M. gustave be now dress in a stripe prison uniform with he cap wear at a slight tilt . his hand be shackle . his face be purple and misshapen , cover almost entirely with bruise and abrasion , with one eye swollen completely shut . he sit down face Zero on the other side of the partition . ( there be a glass of water for he , as well . ) the guard wait in the corner . he check he watch . Zero look horrify . he gasp : zero what happen ? M. gustave what happen , my dear Zero , be I beat the live shit out of a snivelling little runt call pinky bandinski who have the gall to question my virility -- because if there 's one thing we have learn from penny dreadful , it 's that , when you find yourself in a place like this , you must never be a candy - ass . you have get to prove yourself from Day one . you have get to win they respect . of course , I have get about a foot and a half of reach on pinky , so once I would pried he loose out from under my armpit , it be short order before I whipped he into scramble egg . ( drink a sip of water ) you should take a long look at he ugly mug this morning . ( spit blood back into the cup ) he 's , actually , become a dear friend . you will meet he , I hope . so. M. gustave slide closer to the glass . so do Zero. 47 . M. gustave you talk to kovac ? zero I see he last night in secret . he make I take a oath ( on a Bible ) I would not tell a soul . you be suppose to , also . M. gustave ( irritate ) I will do that later . zero he suspect you be innocent . M. gustave of course , he do . what 's the charge ? int . tavern . night a alcove in a corner of a dark , seedy , back -street ale - house . Shady character lurk at the counter . Zero sit across from deputy kovac , who read a report to he by the light of a oil - lamp . they both sip mug of lager . there be also a small Bible on the table . deputy kovac '' in the small hour of the evening of nineteen October , a individual well - know to the house and staff , a M. gustave h , do arrive at the desgoffe und taxis residence in lutz and enter by the rear service alley , alert no one to he presence , and do then proceed by way of back -stair and servant - passage , to deliver himself into the private chamber of Madame D . there be no evidence to indicate whether this visit have be pre - arrange with she or not . the next morning , Madame D. be find dead by strychnine poisoning . M. gustave be not . observe on the premise again until , '' of course , '' twenty - four hour later . '' the identity of he accuser be make clear in this notarize deposition . deputy kovac produce another document which he hand to Zero . Zero study it as deputy kovac continue : deputy kovac they include , essentially , all member of the extend family -- but the key witness who actually ( ostensibly ) see the alleged event appear to have fle the jurisdiction . his whereabouts be ( more ) 48 . deputy kovac ( cont would ) currently unknown , but he 's be seek and pursue by the relevant authority . zero ( concerned ) who be he ? CUT to : M. gustave with a look of utter astonishment on he face . he blurt out : M. gustave serge ? zero I be afraid so . M. gustave that little prick . pause . M. gustave reconsider . M. gustave no , I do not believe it . they put he up to it . I have be drop into a nest of viper . zero you have a alibi ? M. gustave ( off-hand ) certainly , but she 's marry to the Duke of westfalia . I can not allow she name to get mix - up in all this monkey business . zero ( gravely ) M. gustave : you life may be at stake . M. gustave ( bitterly ) I know , but the bitch legge it . she 's already on the Queen nasstasja half - way to dutch tanganyika . M. gustave sigh and stare at the floor , shaking he head . he look like he be about to cry . Zero say finally -- almost inaudibly : zero do not give up . M. gustave look back to Zero . he nod . he point . 49 , M. gustave what 's in the box ? zero ( encourage ) a courtesan au chocolat . M. gustave ( deeply move ) from mendl 's . thank you , my angel ext . STREET . night a dark lane crowded with narrow , crooked little building . rushing water gurgle down the gutter . a pack of rat dart across the road in single - file and disappear into a drain - pipe . a church bell ring across the city . jopl wait on the threshold of a ramshackle cottage stare at the front door . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) the detail of the conspiracy , now a matter of public record , be , at that time , impossible for we to apprehend . the door crack open . a young washer - woman with a club foot and a rag in she hand peer out . jopl hand the woman he card . she study it . insert : a engrave call card on bright , white stock which read : j.g. jopl , esq . private inquiry agent the woman look back up to jopl , nervous . he say in a low voice : jopling I be look for serge x. ( a young man in the service of my employer , the family desgoffe und taxis of schloss lutz ) . washer-woman ( timidly ) yes , sir ? jopling you be he sister ? washer-woman yes , sir . 50 . jopling see he lately ? washer-woman ( surprised ) no , sir . jopling ( doubtful ) no , sir ? washer-woman ( innocent ) no , sir . jopling I need to find he right away . for he own safety -- ( point in she face ) -- and everyone else 's . if he show up ? washer-woman ( tentatively ) yes , sir ? jopling ( darkly ) tell he jopl say , '' come home . '' pause . the woman nod . jopl turn away and walk over to a black motorcycle park at the corner . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) -- but one thing be certain : the desgoffe und taxis be a very powerful family -- jopl put on a pair of goggle , kick -start he engine , revs the motor , and rumble away . the woman shut the door and lock the bolt . CUT to : jopl racing he howling motorcycle through the center of the city at midnight . under the goggle , he eye be calm . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) and time be not on we side . int . mess hall . night another evening meal . the full assemble staff sit at the long table , anxious and curious , murmure . the cook wait , uncertain , grip a cauldron by he oven-mitt . a door swing open . 51 . Mr. mosher and Zero stride into the room . Mr. mosher hold up a envelope and beckon to Zero . mr . mosher a letter from M. gustave . Zero ? the staff whisper excitedly then fall silent as Zero ascend M. gustave 's podium , open the envelope , and take out a piece of paper . pause . Zero clear he throat and read in a formal voice : zero '' my dear and trust colleague -- '' CUT to : M. gustave in he cell ( where he podium seem to have be magically transport ) . a gentle halo of light glow behind he . he address the camera as he begin he usual pace : M. gustave -- I miss you deeply as I write from the confines of my regrettable and preposterous incarceration . until I walk amongst you again as a free man , the Grand budapest remain in you hand -- as do its impeccable reputation . keep it spotless and glorify it . take extra - special care of every little - bitty bit of it as if I be watch over you like a hawk with a horse - whip in its talon -- ( brandish a soup -ladle ) -- because I be . should I discover a lapse of any variety during my absence , I promise : swift and merciless justice will descend upon you . a great and noble house have be place under you protection . ( tell Zero if you see any funny business . ) CUT to : Zero at podium . he conclude : zero '' you devote M. gustave . '' then there 's a poem , but we might want to go ahead and start on the soup , since it 's forty - six stanzas . Mr. mosher signal to the cook . he begin to serve as Zero read on : 52 . zero a moist , black ash dampen the filth of a dung - dark rat 's - nest and mingle with the thick scent of wood - rot while the lark - song of a gutter - snipe echoe across a -- int . corridor . day M. gustave push a metal cart with a stack of plate and a steel tureen on it through a bar door . he stop in front of a large cell where four convict loiter on they bunk play card , scratch graffiti on the wall , and look at dirty picture . M. gustave May I offer any of you inmate a plate of mush ? the convict all look to M. gustave at once . no one speak . M. gustave hesitates . M. gustave no? anyone ? you -- with the very large scar on you face ? M. gustave point to a seven - foot giant with a deep slash from the top corner of he forehead all the way down and across to the other side of he chin . the giant frown . he stand up . the other convict look uneasy . M. gustave come now . try it . it 's , actually , quite warm and nourishing this morning . it need a dash of salt . M. gustave prepare a plate of lumpy gruel for the giant . he shake - in a touch of salt from a shaker . the giant taste it . pause . he shrug , pleased . he nod . M. gustave smile . M. gustave good day . M. gustave push he cart to the next cell . a bald wrestler lift weight while a old man spot he . M. gustave mush , gent ? any taker ? the wrestler and the old man look at M. gustave blankly with the barbell in the air . M. gustave shrug and say regretfully : M. gustave suit yourselves . 53 . M. gustave push he cart to the next cell . this convict be all asleep . M. gustave say with a musical lilt : M. gustave rise and shine . chop-chop ! a wiry , pint-size convict the shape of a fire - hydrant squint out from under he cover . he be pinky . M. gustave good morning , pinky . pinky yawn and set he foot to the floor . the convict in the other bunk also begin to rustle . they face be brutal , and they body be hard and powerful . they be giinther and Wolf . ( a fourth convict , also in the room , begin to get out of bed , as well -- but he face be not reveal for the moment . ) M. gustave reach to the lower shelf of the cart and produce a pink pastry - box . all the convict quickly gather at a small table . ( the fourth convict sit with he back to the camera . ) pinky say eagerly : pinky mendl 's again ? M. gustave precisely . who 's get the throat-slitter ? giinther dig in he sock and take out a small weapon consist of a half - toothbrush fix with wire to a hand - sliver straight - razor cut into serrate tooth . M. gustave fold open the pastry - box and cut a courtesan au chocolat into careful segment . the convict eat daintily . Wolf say , chew wolf out of this world . M. gustave ( obviously ) mendl 's be the best . well , back to work . . gustave rise . pinky say suddenly : pinky Mr. gustave ? M. gustave ( hesitates ) yeah ? pinky exchange a look with the other . they nod . he dart to the door , look up and down the corridor , then 54 . close it softly . he signal for M. gustave to sit back down . M. gustave , slightly puzzle , obey . they all lean in closer as pinky whisper : pinky I and the boy talk it over . we think you be a real straight fella . M. gustave well , I have never be accuse of that before , but I appreciate the sentiment . pinky you be one of we now . M. gustave ( somewhat move ) what a lovely thing to say . thank you , dear pinky . thank you , giinther . thank you , Wolf . I could not ask for a finer tribute . m , . gustave bow slightly . he hesitates . M. gustave anything else ? pinky look to the fourth convict . he nod : pinky tell he , ludwig . CUT to : the fourth convict . numerous short scar chop skinny , bald line into he shorn scalp . his arm be tattooe heavily with skull , skeleton , and image of the grim reaper . he have one silver tooth and a bit of butter - cream icing on the side of he mouth . he be ludwig . ludwig take a deep breath . he launch into he spiel : ludwig check -point nineteen be not no two - bit hoosegow . you get broad - gauge iron bar on every door , vent , and window . you get barb 's wire on every containment wall and barricade . you get seventy - two guard on the floor and sixteen more in the tower . you get a 325 foot drop into a moat full of crocodile -- but , like the best of ‘em , it 's get a soft spot , which in this case happen to take the form of a storm - drain sewer - system datin’ from the time of the original rock fortification way back in the middle age . now , nobody 's ( more ) 55 . ludwig ( cont would ) sayin 's it 's a stroll down a tree-line promenade with a fine lady and a white poodle , but it 's get what you would call '' vulnerability '' -- and that 's we bread and butter . take a look . ludwig produce a crude but highly detailed map and floor- plan of the castle compound draw with charcoal on a strip of butcher paper . M. gustave examine it with fix concentration . he say pointedly : M. gustave who draw this ? ludwig ( stiffening ) what do you mean , '' who draw this ? '' I do . M. gustave ( impressed ) very good . you have get a wonderful line , ludwig . this show great artistic promise . ludwig smile slightly , pleased and slightly embarrassed . M. gustave point on the map : M. gustave question : how do you intend to penetrate this lowest rudiment ? if I interpret the legend correctly , it 's twenty - five inch of reinforce granite masonry , be it not ? digging with the throat - slitter , I expect that would take three to six month of continual effort , during which time several of we member will have be violently execute . ludwig you hit the nail on the head there , Mr. gustave . we get fake document , second - hand street clothes , and a rope-ladder make out of stick and bunk -linen -- but we need diggin’ tool , and that 's provin 's hard to come by in this flop-house . M. gustave nod gravely . the other slump , listless , and sigh . M. gustave tap rapidly on the table with the jerry -rigged shiv . suddenly , he sit up straight and frown . the other watch he , curious -- then look where he be look . 56 . the camera zoom - in slowly toward the crinkle wrapper of the courtesan au chocolat as the five inmate all stare at it together . CUT to : Mr. moustafa and the author at they dinner table surround by meat , sauce , and vegetable . Mr. moustafa be immobile . author ( v.0 . ) at this point in the story , the old man fall silent and push away he saddle of lamb . his eye go blank as two stone . I could see he be in distress . '' be you ill , Mr. moustafa ? '' I finally ask . '' oh , dear I , no , " he say . '' it 's only that I do not know how to proceed . '' he be cry . Mr. moustafa smile sadly with tear stream down he cheek . the author look worried . mr . moustafa you see , I never speak of agatha , because -- even at the think of she name -- I be unable to control my emotion . Mr. moustafa dry he eye with he napkin , but the tear instantly return . he shrug . mr . moustafa well , I suppose there 's no way around it . you see , she save we . title : one month earlier int . cinema . night a smoky small - town movie palace . on -screen , a battle - scene be in - progress : tank explode while a infantry unit charge out of a trench into a tornado of machine - gun fire . in the middle of the back row , a love-scene be in - progress : Zero and agatha french-kiss in a clutch with she shirt half - unbuttone and he finger wrap around she clearly - visible , white breast . her hand be jamme down into he trousers . no one else in the scatter audience appear to notice they . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) on we third , formal rendez-vous , I have ask for she hand in marriage , and she have agree . we do not have fifty klubeck between the two of we . no one ( more ) 57 . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) know , of course ; but , then , who would have care ? we be each completely on we own in the world -- and we be deeply in love . ext . town square . night dusk . the platz in the center of nebelsbad . a carnival fair be in full -sw with a spin carousel set to a wurlitzer organ , a bustling gallery of game , and vendor serve beer and sausage . agatha hold Zero 's arm as they walk through the crowd . he reach into he uniform , pull out a small gift - wrap package , and thrust it into she hand . zero here . agatha ( startle ) thank you ! zero it 's a book . agatha ( hesitates ) I see . zero romantic poetry , volume one . M. gustave recommend it . I have a copy of my own as well . I ruin the surprise , I suppose . agatha I will go ahead and open it , anyway . zero ok . agatha carefully unwrap the package , fold up the paper , and put the ribbon into she pocket . Zero flip - open the book and point at a flyleaf . zero read the inscription . agatha ( read ) '' for my dearest , darling , treasure , cherish agatha , whom I worship . with respect , adoration , admiration , kiss gratitude , best wish , and love . from Z. to a . '' 58 . agatha look to Zero with tear in she eye . he smile sadly . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) M. gustave insisted on a immediate and thorough cross-examination -- int . storage pantry . day M. gustave sit opposite agatha at a long table with he hand rest on top of hers as he lean close to she recount something vividly . they both laugh uproariously . M. gustave say loudly , aside , to Zero : M. gustave she 's so charming ! Zero brood in the corner . the table be pile with long - stem flower , and a large , cardboard box overflow with more . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) -- during which he present agatha with a porcelain pendant and five dozen individually tissue - wrap , white tulip in a box the size of a child 's coffin . insert : a white porcelain cross - key pendant hang from a velvet ribbon around agatha 's thin neck . agatha admire she pendant . Zero grumble : zero it 's not right . M. gustave ( hesitates ) I beg you pardon ? ( conspiratorially to agatha ) why 's he sulk ? zero she 's my girlfriend . you can not just buy she thing . M. gustave ( in disbelief ) I be only interview this vision of loveliness on you behalf ( convey pearl of wisdom ) never be jealous in this life , Zero . not even for a instant . 59 . zero ( to agatha , like a lawyer : ) be he flirt with you ? agatha yes . Zero look to M. gustave with satisfaction . M. gustave shrug this off with a wave of the hand , then offer a benediction : M. gustave I approve of this union . ( still flirt ) agatha , my beauty ? return to you beloved . Zero and agatha stand together quietly on display , happy . she clutches a tulip . M. gustave nod sagely . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) soon , we learn -- int . patisserie . day the white - marble frosting - counter in the back -room at mendl 's . there be three , unfinish courtesan au chocolat in a row with they top open . agatha delicately place a little tool into the filling of each : a slender file , the head of a small hammer , and a half - scale chisel . as she close they , she begin to apply a complex series of decorative ripple and swirl . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) not only be agatha immensely skilled with a palette knife and a butter- cream flourish : she be also very brave . Zero , keep a look - out at the kitchen door , give a urgent signal . agatha swiftly cover the pastry with a damp cheese - cloth just as herr mendl cross into the room , throw open a huge brick -oven , and check on a batch of gateaux 1 's opéra . int . sorting hall . day a prison guard search package on a metal table . he slice a block of cheese into quarter . he chop - up a loaf of bread into sixth . he open a double-sized pink pastry - box -- and pause . he stare at the three pristine courtesan au chocolat . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) I believe she be bear that way . 60 . the guard gingerly close the box , slide it aside , unscathed , and move on to the next package . int . lawyer' office . day a art - deco office look out directly onto the clock - tower of lutzbahn Station . deputy kovac sit behind a wide desk . the box contain Madame D 's will rest beside he . its content have be neatly organize into dozen of little stack and pile . dmitri and he three sister be seat across from deputy kovac in leather arm -chair . jopl stand in the corner stroking a siamese cat and stare out the window . curtain sway in the gentle breeze . deputy kovac sound concerned : deputy kovac something 's miss . a crucial document , either misplace or , conceivably , destroy . I do not know what it contain , I do not know what it represent , I do not know what it be -- but there be trace and shadow of it everywhere . ( motion to the stack of paper now , I do not want to alarm you , and I do not expect to see any significant change in the magistrate 's ultimate decision vis-a- vis you own inheritance ; but , especially give the circumstance of the death , as well as the disappearance of the key witness in the murder case ( serge x. ) , I suggest we immediately bring this matter to the attention of the municipal inspector so there can be absolutely no question of impropriety at any future date . agreed ? dmitri ( simply ) not agree . deputy kovac ( puzzle ) not agree ? dmitri ( with finality ) not agree . silence . the three sister be stoic . jopl be stony . dmitri and deputy kovac stare at each other blankly . dmitri can I ask you a question , vilmo ? 61 . deputy kovac yes , dmitri ? dmitri who you work for ? deputy kovac I beg you pardon ? dmitri I think you be suppose to be we lawyer . deputy kovac ( hesitates ) well , in point of fact , I be the executor of the estate . in this particular situation -- I represent the decease . dmitri oh , yeah ? deputy kovac yeah . a provision for my fee be include in the -- dmitri just wrap it up , and do not make wave . agreed ? deputy kovac ( long pause ) I be a attorney , dmitri . I be obligate to proceed accord to the rule of law . not agree . dmitri 's eye peer sideways . he say quietly , menace : dmitri this stink , sister . deputy kovac look insulted . dmitri stand up , walk to the door , and exit . the cat squeal . jopl follow dmitri out the door . deputy kovac 's mouth fall open . he point , astonished , across the room : deputy kovac do he just throw my cat out the window ? the three sister turn around quickly . they answer simultaneously : marguerite I do not think so . 62 . laetizia jopl ? CAROLINA no. do he ? deputy kovac wait for the punch - line -- but it do not come . he dash to the window and look down at the sidewalk . CUT to : a pedestrian in a bowler hat far below stand over a sprawle speck on the sidewalk . he look up . insert : four small hammer tap rapid-fire at four half - scale chisel , chipping away into a cement pot-hole . they be make good progress . int . ludwig 's cell . night M. gustave , pinky , giinther , and ludwig work diligently by candle - light under a wooden table . periodically , Wolf scoops - up the powdery debris with a soup ladle and throw it aside . ludwig look up suddenly , alert . he hold up a finger . ludwig shh ! m , . gustave , pinky , and giinther stop tapping at once . they listen attentively . foot creak along the thick , wooden floor outside the cell -- and come to a halt directly in front of the door . silence . there be a loud but muffle sneeze . the foot begin to creak again and fade - away until they be inaudible . ludwig signal to the other . they resume they tapping . int . garett . night a attic bedroom the size of a broom-closet . the wall and ceiling be bare plank . thick beam hold the crooked roof in place . a small skylight window be propped open with a pencil . Zero and agatha be naked under the rough sheet of she narrow bed . they share a plate of little miniature courtesan au chocolat . Zero whisper : 63 . zero there 's something I have not tell you , agatha . a look of dread cross agatha 's face . she say reluctantly : agatha ok . zero we steal a painting . it 's very valuable ( maybe five million klubeck , in fact ) . I do not know if anyone 's even notice it 's miss yet -- but if something should happen to I and M. gustave -- agatha ( evenly ) you steal -- art ? zero ( defensive ) one picture . anyway : we need to make a plan for you survival . hide this . Zero produce a square of tissue - paper the size of a large postage - stamp with neat , miniscule hand - write all over it . agatha squint at it . zero it 's in code , and you might need a magnify glass to read it , but it tell you exactly where and how to find '' Boy with Apple '' . do not take less than half the retail ask price . also -- agatha Zero . I be a baker . zero ( correct she ) you be a pastry chef . one of the best in the -- agatha not a '' fence '' ( if that 's the term ) . I do not trade in steal property . zero ( hesitates ) I say it wrong . she will it to he ! 64 . a door bang open down the hall . in a instant : Zero jump out of the bed , leap with both foot at once into he trousers , and shimmy up out of the sky-light . CUT to : Zero 's point - of- view from the roof . the bedroom door creak open and herr mendl look in at agatha . she be now calmly read she volume of romantic poetry . he grunt : herr mendl go to sleep . agatha yes , herr mendl . the door close . agatha look up to Zero . he hold up the sliver of paper . she shake she head and whisper : agatha no . zero ( pause ) ok , but take it , anyway . Zero release the square of tissue - paper . agatha sit up quickly as it descend , darting and flutter , and move she hand around underneath it while she watch try to estimate where it be go to land . at the last second , she reach up and cleanly pluck it out of the air between thumb and finger . Zero smile . he run away , shoe - less , past gutter and chimney , jump noiselessly from roof to roof , into the night . int . office build . night a bank of elevator in a art-deco lobby . a bell ring , and a pair of door slide open . deputy kovac emerge and navigate he way through a maze of sud - bucket and woman on they hand - and -knee scrubbing the floor . he do not notice : jopl sit in a chair behind a column read the evening edition of the tran - Alpine yodel . ext . STREET . night the evening sky be bright blue . crowd hurry in and out of shop and restaurant . deputy kovac cross the street and stand next to a old lady at a tram-stop . he check he watch . the tram arrive , and the door open . 65 . deputy kovac assist the old lady , then board behind she . he take a seat . he look out the window . just as they pull away , he see jopl exit the building and climb onto he motorcycle . deputy kovac frown . jopl kick -start he engine and follow the tram , close behind , for three block . at the next intersection , a policeman blow a whistle , hold up he hand , and make jopl wait while a stream of oppose traffic cross . the tram round a corner and stop . deputy kovac jump up and duck out onto the street . he look leave and xight . he hurry up a path toward a grand , colossal , dome palace . a sign carve in stone above the door read : kunstmuseum lutz . as he go inside , deputy kovac look back to see jopl 's motorcycle pull slowly to the curb . int . museum . night the spacious , soar entrance hall be dim and desert . one guard sit alone in a corner write in a log-book . deputy kovac stride across the room . his clack foot echo broadly . he detour into a ante-chamber fill with french still - life . he pause . a second set of foot - step clack through the lobby behind he . deputy kovac advance rapidly into the next gallery , past a long mural of a ancient war , and descend a staircase . he pause again at the bottom . the second set of foot - step continue through the ante- chamber behind he . deputy kovac turn a corner and rush between row of Greek and Roman statue . he cut through a egyptian tomb . he skim through a alcove of iron weapon and suit of armor . he pause once more and listen . silence . insert : a pair of high -heeled boot . two foot quietly slip out of they and tip - toe away . CUT to : deputy kovac look all around , frantic . across the room , he see : 66 . a door label verboten . deputy kovac run to the door and open it . he scan the hall behind he . he sneak inside . int . storage room . night deputy kovac flick on a light . he be in a long hallway line with rack fill with hundred of canvase . the xoom go dark at either end . he choose a direction , then sprint straight through into the blackness . up ahead , he see line of faint light around the edge of a door . he skid to a stop and search for the knob . he turn it and pull . it be lock . he fumble at a latch . he snap it sideways . he swing open the door . his eye light up : there be a bicycle lean against the wall across the alley behind the museum . deputy kovac grab the door - frame and take one last , quick look back into the darkness behind he . insert : deputy kovac 's hand on the knob . a second hand , wear brass knuckle , gently enfold it . CUT to : deputy kovac 's face . he gasp . ext . alley . night the door hammer shut with a bang . four of deputy kovac 's finger , grip the door-frame , pop -off at the knuckle all at once and fall down into a shallow puddle . on the other side of the door , there be a scream of blood - curdle agony , then a thump , a thwhack , and , finally , a wallop . pause . the door open again . jopl come out in he stock - foot . he put on he boot . he take out a handkerchief , lean down and collect the four finger off the ground , wrap they up , slip they into he pocket , and walk away down the alley . int . lobby . day eight a.m . Zero , substitute at the concierge desk again , look up to the high window across the room . herr becker wait alone in the storage pantry with the ledger book under he arm . he check he watch . 67 . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) the next morning , herr becker receive a peculiar , last - minute - notice from the office of deputy kovac : postpone they schedule meeting -- in perpetuity . title : Three day later ext . village . night a nearly - empty bus squeal to a stop behind a quiet inn in the middle of a desert hamlet and deposit Zero on the road-side . he carry a knapsack and be dress like a vagabond . the bus drive off . Zero wander to the middle of the cobblestone lane . he look down at a rusty manhole . he look up at the prison - castle across the way , high above the village . he check he watch . int . cell . night M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig all lie quietly in they bunk with the sheet pull up to they neck . faraway voice shout and echo eerily . a guard walk through the section slamm door and throw bolt . with a series of loud thump , block - by - block , the light go out , and the prison go dark . silence . ludwig whisper : ludwig let 's blow ! the cell launch into soundless activity : bed-linen be whisk away , the table be carry into the corner , and a row of floor - plank be carefully lift . M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig be all dress like vagabond already and carry various sack and basket . one - by-one , they disappear into the floor . a pair of hand , at the rear , reach up to replace the plank . int . crawl-space . night M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig advance on all four , single - file , through a low , moldy sub - structure . int . tower . night a small window in a stone wall . ludwig gently tap - loose four pre-cut iron bar with one of the small hammer . insert : 68. the stump of one of the bar . a little noose be fitte over it and pull tight . giinther assist ludwig as they slowly feed a unfurl tangle of rope and rung out the window , inch - by-inch . CUT to : M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig all on the rope-ladder at once like a string of bead dangle down the outside of the tower 325 foot above the moat with crocodile glide along the dark surface . the ladder twist and creak as they descend . suddenly , a sharp voice call out above they head : convict how have you get out there ? they all look up . a anxious convict with a miss ear stare down at they from a cell window . ludwig whisper : ludwig shut up ! the convict frown . he turn to he unseen bunk -mate and say loudly : convict this guy be tryin' to escape ! ludwig look furious . he whisper fiercely : ludwig what 's wrong with you , you goddamn snitch ? convict ( holler ) Guard ! Guard ! they be gettin’ away ! they be -- a single , large hand grab the convict with the miss ear by the neck , crush the wind out of he , and rip he away from the window , out of view . pause . the giant with the long scar across he face appear in the convict 's place , look down at the dangle escapee . M. gustave say , gasp : M. gustave it 's you ! thank you ! thank you , you sweet , kind man ! the giant nod sadly . CUT to : 69 . the bottom of the rope ladder which end half - way down the tower . M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig step onto a narrow ledge and make they way , side - step cautiously , around the circumference of the building . they arrive at a small slope roof and open a trap -door . int . dormitory . night M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig all crouch on a beam in the upper eave of a vault hall . in the dark below , there be twenty narrow cot in two row . next to each cot , there be a guard 's uniform on a coat - hanger , a billy - club on a peg , and a luger pistol on the night stand . asleep in each cot , there be a lightly snore goon . ludwig get a firm grip on a tarnish copper pipe . he turn to the other and nod . he swing out and make he way , hand - over-hand , from pipe- to- pipe across the ceiling . the other follow . int . cellar . night a dirty chute stick down from the ceiling above a wide garbage - bin fill with empty tin and rotting vegetable . M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig slide down into view , one - by-one , drop out into the trash - pile , and hurry on they tip -toe into a dim corridor . CUT to : the candle - light dungeon . M. gustave , pinky , giinther , Wolf , and ludwig all listen attentively , look up at the ceiling . there be a loud but muffle sneeze above , then foot creak away . ludwig nod . pinky pull away a oil-skin tarp to reveal the cement pot-hole which have now be chisell all the way through the thick sub - floor clear into the room below -- where they see : Three startle guard stare up at they from a card table in a dank , brick basement . they each hold a hand of card . one be in the middle of place a bet into a rich pot . a gas-lantern flicker on a hook . the escapee all cry - out at once : ludwig woah ! pinky yow ! 70 . wolf jeez ! M. gustave look out ! giinther whip the toothbrush - knife out of he sock and jump down into the hole . the table shatter and card and coin fly in every direction . there be a frenzy of punch , scrapping , and grunt . the other converge excitedly around the hole like the audience at a cock - fight . giinther kick one guard in the tooth , slashes another across the neck , and sock the third , blast the lantern into bit in the process . the room go black . M. gustave , pinky , and Wolf cheer at a low decibel , whisper advice and encouragement simultaneously down into the darkness while ludwig quickly search for a match . he light it and hold it over the hole . two of the guard be now sprawle - out on they back in a spread pool of blood . giinther and the remain guard twist and clutch on the floor , grapple in violent head - lock , while they simultaneously stab each other repeatedly with the throat- slitter and a thick hunt - knife . they both fall silent and stop move . silence . M. gustave say quietly : M. gustave I suppose you would call that a draw . ludwig sigh . he deliver a brief eulogy : ludwig anyway , he go out with a bloody knife in he fist jamme into the gut of a dyin’ prison guard . I think that 's how he would have want it , do not you ? M. gustave , pinky , and Wolf nod and solemnly concur , mutter . they climb down into the hole . ext . STREET . night Zero watch as the man-hole cover flip open onto the street . M. gustave poke he head up and whisper simply : M. gustave good evening . Zero rush to assist M. gustave out of the storm -drain . pinky , Wolf , and ludwig surface on high -alert , look 71 . around in every direction . ( pinky carry a wad of the crumble - up gambling - money in he little hand . ) M. gustave let I introduce you . pinky , Wolf , and ludwig : this be the divine Zero. ( soberly to Zero ) giinther be slain in the catacomb . M. gustave cross himself quickly . he begin a wistful speech : M. gustave well , boy , who know when we will all meet again ; but if , one day -- ludwig no time to gab . take care of yourself Mr. gustave . good luck , kid . pinky , Wolf , and ludwig sprint away into the wood . M. gustave watch they go , bittersweet . he grab Zero by the shoulder and say , suddenly urgent : M. gustave which way to the safe house ? zero ( unfortunately ) I could not find one . M. gustave ( in disbelief ) no safe house ? really ? we be completely on we own out here ? zero ( worried ) I be afraid so . I ask around , but I do not want to take any chance . I think —- Zero trail off . he look apologetic . M. gustave sigh resign . he say calmly : M. gustave I understand . too risky . we will just have to wing it , I suppose . let 's put on we disguise . Zero hesitates . he look down at he vagabond costume then at M. gustave 's . he say , confuse : zero we be wear they . 72 . M. gustave ( frustrated ) no , we be not . we say false whisker and fake nose and so on . you do not bring any ? zero ( refer to moustache ) I think you be grow one . it would not look realistic , would it ? I think Zero trail off again . he deflate , distress . M. gustave remain calm . M. gustave when do properly , they be perfectly convincing -- but I take you point . so be it . give I a few squirt of l’air de panache , please , will you ? Zero smack he hand to he forehead and look mortify . M. gustave say bluntly : M. gustave can I not get a squirt , even ? zero ( miserably ) I forget the l’air de panache . m , . gustave ( at peak frustration ) honestly -- you forget the l’air de panache ? I do not believe it . how could you ? I have be in jail , Zero ! do you understand how humiliate this be ? I smell . M. gustave lift up he arm . Zero sniff he . he grimace . M. gustave 's eye narrow . he begin to seethe . M. gustave well , that 's just marvelous , be not it ? I suppose this be to be expect back in where do you come from , again ? zero ( evenly ) aq salim al - jabat . M. gustave ( escalate ) precisely . I suppose this be to be expect back in aq salim al - jabat where one 's prize possession be a stack of ( more ) 73 . M. gustave ( cont would ) filthy carpet and a starve goat , and one sleep behind a tent - flap and survive on wild date and scarab -- but it 's not how I train you . what on God 's earth possess you to leave the homeland where you very obviously belong and travel unspeakable distance to become a penniless immigrant in a refine , highly - cultivate society that , quite frankly , could have get along very well without you ? zero ( shrug ) the war . M. gustave ( pause ) say again ? Zero speak softly and struggle deliberately to hold back he emotion as he say , stare at the ground : zero well , you see , my father be murder , and the rest of my family be execute by fire squad . we village be burn to the ground . that who manage to survive be force to flee . I leave -- because of the war . M. gustave ( back -peddle ) ah , I see . so you be , actually , really more of a refugee , in that sense . zero ( reserve ) truly . M. gustave ( ashamed ) well , I suppose I would better take back everything I just say . what a bloody idiot I be . pathetic fool . goddamn selfish bastard . this be disgraceful -- and it 's beneath the standard of the Grand budapest . Zero look increasingly concerned as M. gustave begin to come unglue . tear stream down M. gustave 's face . he stand at attention and say with deep deference : M. gustave I apologize on behalf of the hotel 74 . zero ( gently ) it 's not you fault , M. gustave . you be just upset I forget the perfume M. gustave do not make excuse for I . I owe you my life . M. gustave take Zero by the hand . he say with great feel and sincerity : M. gustave you be my dear friend and protégé , and I be very proud of you . you must know that . I be so sorry , Zero . zero ( gallantly ) we be brother . M. gustave , touch to the quick , instantly kiss Zero on both cheek and they embrace . they release each other . they try to pull themselves back together . pause . M. gustave how 's we darling agatha ? Zero start to answer , then hesitates . he recite : zero . '' twas first light when I see she face upon the heath ; and hence do I return day - by -day , entrance : though 's vinegar do brine my heart -- '' a powerful siren begin to blast across the region . Zero 's eye dart around , startle . M. gustave say over the noise , impressed : M. gustave very good ! I be go to stop you because the alarm have sound -- but remember where we leave off , because I insist you finish later ! M. gustave and Zero take - off full - speed down the road . int . telephone booth . night a black - and - yellow wooden call - box next to a tiny pub outside the village . windmills spin gently on the far side of a wheat field in the distance . Zero hold the door open while M. gustave dial . 75 . M. gustave Operator , get I the excelsior Palace in bade - jiirgen and reverse the charge please . ( to Zero ) we have no choice . there 's nowhere else to turn . ( into the receiver ) I will hold . thank you . ( to Zero ) it 's we only hope . otherwise , I should not even mention its existence to you . it go without say , you must never breath a word about this to a live soul . do you swear ? zero of course . what be it , in fact ? M. gustave I can not say . ( into the receiver ) gute abend . M. Ivan , bitte . danke . ( by way of explanation , to Zero ) how do one come by front - row aisle - seat for a first - night at the Opera toscana with one day 's notice ? how do one arrange a private view of the tapestry collection at the Royal saxon Gallery ? how do one secure a corner table at chez Dominique on a Thursday ? Zero nod as he take this in , intrigue . pause . M. gustave say suddenly into the receiver , turn on the charm : M. gustave Ivan , darling , it 's gustave ! hello ! well I be until about five minute ago . we have take it upon ourselves to clear out in a hurry , if you see what I mean . through a sewer , as it happen . exactly ! listen Ivan , sorry to cut you off , but we be in a bit of a bind . this be a official request . ( officially ) I be formally call upon the special service of —- title : part 4 : '' the Society of the cross key '' 76 . int . first lobby . night concierge desk # 1 . there be row of mail - box with xoom number on they , key on hook , and a bell on the counter - top . a slim concierge with a long moustache talk on the telephone . he be M. Ivan . a lobby Boy wait beside he silently . M. ivan I will call you back , gustave . right . stand by . M. Ivan hang up the telephone and turn to a wait young couple as he produce a small paper map from a drawer . M. ivan I beg you pardon . do you prefer to walk ? we be right here . M. Ivan make a little '' x '' in ink on the map . he draw a line . M. ivan it 's very simple . straight down the corniche . then leave . ( to the lobby Boy ) jojo , see they out . the young couple take the map gratefully , and the lobby Boy escort they away . M. Ivan pick up the telephone again and say urgently : M. ivan get I M. Georges at the chateau luxe , please . CUT to : the dining room at a hunt lodge . one hundred small child crowd around a long table . there be a huge birthday cake with seven light candle on it . streamer hang from the ceiling . balloon float on string . a very tall , bony concierge conduct the room sing '' happy birthday '' . he be M. Georges . a lobby Boy go over to M. Georges and whisper in he ear . M. Georges nod and quickly exit . the lobby Boy replace he and take over the conduct int . second lobby . night concierge desk # 2 . M. Georges pick up the telephone . 77 . M. george hello , Ivan ? you do not say ? be he really ? how about that ? get it . M. Georges press down on the hook to disconnect , then lift it up again and say urgently : M. george get I M. dino at the palazzo principessa , please . CUT to : a busy piazza across from a church . there be a crowded trattoria on the sidewalk . there be a statue of a centurion . one hundred man and woman in pajamas and bath - robe stand on the street in front of a hotel look up at a fourth - floor window with smoke gush out of it while a ladder extend from a fire engine toward a calm old woman at the windowsill . a alarm ring loudly . a stocky concierge with slick , black hair stand at the front of the crowd yell order and hold a fire - extinguisher . he be M. dino . a lobby Boy go over to M. reggio and whisper in he ear . M. dino nod and quickly go into the hotel . the lobby Boy take the fire-extinguisher and replace he yell order . int . third lobby . night concierge desk # 3 . the lobby be a bit smoky . M. dino pick up the telephone . M. dino M. Georges . no trouble at all . tell I . I see . I see . straight away . M. dino press down on the hook to disconnect , then lift it up again and say urgently : M. dino get I M. Robin at 1 's hétel céte du cap , please . CUT to : a clay tennis court overlook a bright , blue sea at sunset . twenty - five man and woman in tennis white and bathing suit circle around another tennis player lie flat on he back on the ground while a very fit , sporty concierge with a pompadour sit on one knee next to he check he pulse . he be M. Robin . a lobby Boy go over to M. Robin and whisper in he ear . M. Robin nod and quickly leave the court . the 78 . lobby Boy replace he and resume check the fall man 's pulse . int . FOURTH lobby . night concierge desk # 4 . M. Robin pick up the telephone . M. robin this be M. Robin . yes , dino . yes , dino . yes , dino. ok , dino . M. Robin press down on the hook to disconnect , then lift it up again and say urgently : M. robin get I M. Martin at the ritz Imperial please . CUT to : a extremely busy hotel kitchen fill with cook of every rank and specialty . waiter dash in and out continuously . a small , round concierge with a pink face be scream and point a serve fork at the chef ( who be flambé- ing a crépe suzette ) . he be M. Martin . a lobby Boy go over to M. Martin and whisper in he ear . M. Martin nod and quickly exit the kitchen . the lobby Boy take the serve fork and replace he scream at the chef . int . fifth lobby . night concierge desk # 5 . M. Martin pick up the telephone . M. martin Robin , Martin . I know . so I hear . ( suddenly intrigue ) maybe. ( gravely ) let I make a few call . ext . wheat field . night M. gustave and Zero wait hide behind a hay-stack next to the telephone booth . M. gustave re-caps : M. gustave serge X : miss . deputy kovac : also miss . Madame D : dead . '' Boy with Apple '' : steal ( by we ) . dmitri and jopl : ruthless , cold - blooded savage . gustave h : at large . what else ? zero Zero : confuse . 79 . M. gustave ( nodd ) Zero : confuse , indeed . the plot '' thicken '' , as they say . why , by the way ? be it a soup metaphor ? zero I do not know . distant tire squeal . M. gustave and Zero sit up quickly and peer- off down the xoad . a approach car accelerate , whining in the darkness . a pair of head - light pop into view from the wood . a large sedan emerge with a roar , zig - zag onto the farm road . it slide across the gravel and rip to a stop in front of they . a sign next to five star on the side of the hood read : Hotel excelsior Palace . one of the back door snap open , and M. Ivan shout from inside : M. ivan get in ! M. gustave and Zero dash out from behind the hay-stack and sprint to the vehicle . int . HOTEL car . day the door slam shut , and the chauffeur punch it . they speed back into the hamlet . M. Ivan immediately begin briefing M. gustave and Zero : M. ivan we find the butler . he 's hide - out in the remote foot-hills near gabelmeister 's peak . we contact convinced he to meet you mid-day tomorrow at the observatory on the summit . tell no one . he will explain everything . the train depart in four- and - a-half minute . here 's you ticket . M. Ivan deal - out a pair of train ticket to M. gustave and Zero . M. gustave give he a quick study , then mumble a puzzle objection : M. gustave third class ? M. ivan it be over - book , but the conductor use to be a sommelier at the old versaille . he pull some string . you will need this for the dining car . 80. M. Ivan produce two , pre-tied neck -ty . M. gustave and Zero slip they over they head and adjust the knot . the chauffeur hit the brake , and M. Ivan swing the door open again . M. ivan go! ext . train station . night M. gustave and Zero jump out in front of a very small depot and slam the door . M. Ivan say out the window M. ivan one last thing . M. Ivan lean down and search for something on the floor . he sit up and thrust - out a tiny version of a familiar bottle . M. gustave melt as he realize : M. gustave l’air de panache ! M. ivan ( down -play it ) they only have the half - ounce . M. gustave look impressed and deeply touch . he lean to Zero and whisper : M. gustave we should give he something as a symbolic gesture . how much money you get ? zero ( hesitates ) forty -two klubeck and three postage stamp . M. gustave give I twenty - five . Zero 's eye widen . he cock he head , dubious . M. gustave nod firmly . Zero reluctantly dig a handful of coin and bill out of he pocket and pass it on to M. gustave . M. gustave say to M. Ivan with profound gratitude : M. gustave bless you . M. gustave attempt to discreetly press the money into M. Ivan 's palm -- but M. Ivan withdraw . he wave he hand and say by way of gentle refusal 81 . M. ivan please . M. gustave smile sadly . he bow . the hotel car skid away . silence . M. gustave spray himself four time with the perfume atomizer . his posture and bear immediately improve . he turn to Zero . pause . M. gustave hold out the bottle . Zero look confuse -. then simultaneously flatter and hesitant . he take the cologne and spritzes himself once lightly . he give a polite nod and return the bottle . a train pull into the station , and M. gustave and Zero race out onto the platform . CUT to : a stack of wooden plank next to the open in the cell floor . ten guard and twenty soldier stand crowded in the little room look down at the hole . henckel 's head poke up from the crawl - space below . he wear a look of grim determination as he deliver the follow : henckel I want roadblock at every junction for fifty kilometer . I want railblock at every train station for a hundred kilometer . I want fifty man and ten bloodhound ready in five minute . we be go to strip -search every pretzel - haus waffel - hut , biergarten -- and especially every grand hotel -- from augenzburg to zilchbriick . this man be dangerous , professional criminal . ( at least , three of they be , anyway . ) henckel hesitates . he squint across the room . he point . henckel who be you ? the guard and soldier all turn to look past the bunk behind they and clear the view to : jopl alone in the dim back corner . henckel what be you do here ? civilian personnel be not permit in the cell - block . this be a military investigation . 82 . jopl step fully into view . a shifty guard explain nervously : shifty guard this be Mr. jopl , sir . his employer 's mother be one of the victim of the -- henckel shut up . henckel climb up out of the hole as jopl approach and offer he card . henckel snap it up , give it a fraction - of - a-second look , then hand it off to a underl . henckel you work for the family desgoffe und taxis ? pause . jopl nod . henckel ask pointedly : henckel be you aware of the murder of deputy vilmo kovac on the twenty - third of October ? jopling ( carefully ) I be aware of he disappearance . henckel : his body be find stuff in a sarcophagus behind a storage room at the kunstmuseum late last night . he be short four finger . what do you say about that ? henckel withdraw a type-written document out of he coat . he hold it up . insert : a police report with a photograph of deputy kovac 's body in a pharaoh 's casket with he hand cross on he chest . a section at the bottom of the page be label fingerprint . there be five for the leave hand , but only a thumb for the right . jopl study the document . he shrug . henckel escort Mr. jopl off the premise . jopl make he way toward the cell door accompany by several soldier . he pause just before he exit . he lean down and pick up a flatten , pink , cardboard box 83 . off the floor . he scrape a ridge of icing with he finger and lick the tip . he say softly : jopling mendl 's . henckel watch jopl suspiciously as he shrink away down the corridor . int . library . night dmitri , dress in black pajamas and a black smoking jacket with a fur collar , listen on the telephone in a small alcove . he say calmly : dmitri talk to he club-foote sister again -- and , this time : be persuasive . dmitri hang up . he cross into the library and stand in front of a snooker table . the box contain Madame D 's will sit among billiard ball in the middle of it . its content have be spread - out and scattered into a sprawling mess . marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina play card and sip at tiny glass of port on the other end of the room . dmitri drink a vodka in one gulp . he shuffles and sift among the scrap , preoccupy . he pick up a fold sliver of cream -color write - paper . he open it . insert : a page of Grand budapest Hotel stationary with a set of cross key insignia at the top . Hand -written below be : remember : I be always with you dmitri stare at the piece of paper . he toss it back onto the table . it land on top of a fade , old photograph of '' Boy with Apple '' with the stamp at the bottom of a long - defunct auction house . dmitri frown . he turn around and look up at the wall above the fireplace directly behind he . his face go white . CUT to : the wood - cut print of the two lesbian masturbate . a bit of the discolor wallpaper stick out behind it on either side . dmitri be stunne . he stammer : 84 . dmitri Holy fuck ! what 's the meaning of this shit ? marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina all look . they seem confuse . they respond simultaneously : marguerite '' Boy with Apple '' ? I think you would hide it . laetizia it 's be miss two week . I assume it go to the tax - appraiser . CAROLINA why be you only notice now ? dmitri shake he head , speechless . he say finally , in angry shock : dmitri be you fuck kid I ? clotilde have materialize . dmitri turn to she . marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina turn to she , also . clotilde 's voice crack and quiver as she say : clotilde I believe it be remove by M. gustave . pause . dmitri grab the wood - cut off the wall and slam it ( punch a thick hole through the center ) over a small marble discus-thrower . int . train car . night a third - class compartment on the over- night to gabelmeister 's peak . student , peasant , and laborer sleep among rucksack and basket on hard bench and shelf lining the wall . M. gustave and Zero whisper to each other from they bunk near the ceiling on either side of the room : M. gustave I be not angry with serge . you can not blame someone for they basic lack of moral fiber . he 's a frighten , little , yellow - belly coward . that 's not he fault , be it ? zero I do not know . it depend . 85 . ( irritate ) well , you can say that about most anything . '' it depend . '' of course , it depend . zero . ( firmly ) of course , it depend . M. gustave ( sigh ) yes , I suppose you be right . of course it depend . however : that do not mean I be not go to throttle the little swamp rat . ( pause ) May I officiate , by the way ? the ceremony . zero ( surprised , humbly ) with pleasure . M. gustave sigh . he say with deep sincerity and feel : M. gustave I must say , I find that girl utterly delightful . flat as a board , enormous birthmark the shape of Mexico over half she face , sweat for hour on end in that sweltering kitchen while mendl ( genius though he be ) loom over she like a hulk gorilla -- yet without question , without fail , always , and invariably : she 's exceedingly lovely . why ? because of she purity . zero ( pleased ) she admire you , as well , M. gustave . M. gustave ( perk up ) do she ? zero very much . M. gustave ( impressed ) that 's a good sign , you know . it mean she '' get it '' . that 's important . 86 . zero ( pause ) do not flirt with she . M. gustave scoff , irritate . int . garret . night agatha 's room . her few possession be laid - out neatly on the mattress : two change of clothes , a short stack of cook - book , she volume of romantic poetry , some tangle ribbon , and a hairbrush . agatha reach up to the top of a skinny , pine wardrobe and pull down a old , wicker suitcase . it have be repair extensively with wire and string . she transfer everything she own into it swiftly . she buckle it shut , slide it under the bed -- then bolt upright . she look up at the ceiling . there be a thump . silence . agatha slip - off she shoe ( wooden clog ) . she slowly step up onto the bed . she stand on she tip - toe . ext . roof . night there be no moon , and the night be pitch -black . agatha 's hand grip the edge of the sky-light 's frame . her eye come up into view . she look cautiously around in every direction . she listen . agatha sink back down , pull away the pencil hold the sky-light window open , and quickly latch it shut . the camera hold on the empty roof - top : a quiet wind whistle over the sleep village . insert : the front page of the tran - Alpine yodel . headline : Young girl 's head found in Laundry basket int . command head - quarter . day the next morning . a office decorate with flag , shield , and sword . there be a large map on a broad table with game piece ( chess , checker , jack , dice , and domino ) mark troops and munition . henckel sit in a leather armchair drink a cup of coffee while he stare at the front page of the newspaper . a first lieutenant stand over he hold a note-book and a envelope label wire message . he explain : 87 . lieutenant a radio telegram be deliver and sign for by the girl at four a.m . the envelope be find near the body , but its content be miss -- however : the telegraph office always keep a carbon of the ticker - tape for twenty - four hour . I copy it down . it read as follow : '' pack you thing stop be ready to leave at moment 's notice stop hide - out be vicinity of gabelmeister 's peak stop destroy this message all my love full stop . '' henckel ( pause ) where 's the basket ? the lieutenant point across the room . henckel sigh . he stand up and walk over to a laundry basket on top of a desk against the wall . pause . he reach into it and lift out , by the hair : serge 's sister 's severe head . title : part 5 : '' gabelmeister 's peak '' insert : the radio telegram -- which have be tear to shred , then carefully tape back together . it be speckle with blood . ext . gas station . day a lone fuel - pump in front of a service - shack at the foot of hill on a snowy , country road . a fourteen- year- old attendant in a greasy jumpsuit fill the tank of jopl 's motorcycle . a sled -runner have be fitte over the front wheel . jopl lean against the wall , silent , look down at the radio telegram in he hand . the attendant chirp : pump attendant where you head , mister ? pause . jopl 's eye-ball turn to the attendant . pump attendant skiing ? sledd ? Mountain climb ? jopl look away again . 88. the attendant grow slightly uneasy . jopl reach into he leather coat -- half - revealing , holster inside : a stiletto ice-pick , a black - jack bludgeon , a luger pistol , and a ball - peen hammer . he withdraw a glass flask with a silver stopper and take a pull . his brass knuckle clack against it the attendant clear he throat , pull the nozzle out of the tank , and say -- polite but quick : pump attendant Three klubeck , please . ext . train station . day the Zubrowkian alp . a high - altitude depot nestle in a pass between two , craggy ridge . there be fresh powder on the ground . scatter flake flicker in the air . a sign along the track read : gabelmeister 's peak . twenty -five soldier armed with carbine rifle stand space apart down the length of the platform , wait . the train roll in . Doors open , and passenger with skis , snowshoe , and suitcase step down and hurry into the building and around its side . the soldier study they , attentive , and peer inside the compartment window . the passenger continue until they have all clear - away , and the platform be quiet again . a train conductor , lean out from the end of a car , watch the soldier . the soldier look to each other tentatively . a sergeant jerk open a door and step onto the train . he look around . he raise he chin , lift he nose -- and sniff the air . he look irritate . ext . observatory . day the peak of a icy butte . a narrow , dome building stick up into the sky at the top . a steel balcony wind around it with a platform that extend out over a plunging drop into the white mist . a group of scientist bundle in fur coat listen to a professor . a man on a bench pour cocoa from a thermos . a eagle circle overhead . M. gustave and Zero shiver at the end of the railing . M. gustave it 's a hell of a view . I give they that , for what it 's worth . zero I agree . 89 . pause . M. gustave check he watch . he say with a slightly bitter edge to he voice : M. gustave when one say '' mid -day '' -- what do that mean to you ? zero High noon . M. gustave exactly . in other word , twelve p.m . at least , that 's always be my interpretation . silence . M. gustave withdraw the small bottle of cologne from he pocket , spritzes himself twice , hand it to Zero who do the same automatically , then tuck it back away again . he hold - out he palm under the snow . he begin to recite : M. gustave '' 'is oft '- remark : no single , fall - flake do any other in its pure and perfect form -- '' zero ( tensely ) somebody 's come . a monk in a grey cloak and a thick scarf clank up a metal staircase . his face be old and wrinkle . he walk directly out to M. gustave and Zero and stop . he study they for a moment , frown . he whisper : monk # 1 be you M. gustave of the Grand budapest Hotel in nebelsbad ? M. gustave ( hesitates ) uh-huh . monk # 1 get on the next cable-car . the monk point . a cable-car be just arrive down the sloping line from a adjacent peak . M. gustave hesitates . the monk urge he on with a brusque motion . M. gustave and Zero sprint across the balcony , scramble down a flight of step , and race out onto the board platform . a family of six wait in ski costume . they stare at M. gustave and Zero as they arrive , breathless . a tramway operator hold open the door . everyone board , squeezing . 90 . int . aerial tram . day the cable - car set - off up and across the wide ravine . M. gustave and Zero sit side - by-side with the curious , silent family . the father sniff the air . he look irritate . half - way there : the cable - car slam to a stop with a clunk . everyone be startle . the stall vehicle sway in the quiet wind . the father look up . the mother look down . the child look to each other . in the distance : there be a faint , mechanical hum . M. gustave and Zero look out . another cable -car be ascend at a diagonal on a different line . they all watch as it slowly approach . just as it be about to criss -cross they path : it slam to a stop , too . another elderly , cloak monk stare out from inside the other cable-car . he be alone in the vehicle . he study M. gustave and Zero for a moment , frown . he whisper loudly : monk # 2 be you M. gustave of the Grand budapest Hotel in nebelsbad ? M. gustave ( hesitates ) uh-huh . monk # 2 switch with I . the monk unlatch the door of he cable - car and open it . the family watch nervously as M. gustave and Zero stand up , rock the vehicle , open they own door , and carefully exit . they reluctantly lunge across the precarious abyss . the monk change place with they . there be another clunk , and the two cable - car resume they journey . M. gustave and Zero exchange a look . they new cable - car continue up toward its destination . a sign above the arrival platform read : we Holy Father of the sudetenwaltz . directly below it , there be a wall fort with a steeple and a tall stone cross . another tramway attendant hold the door open for they as they disembark . 91 . ext . monastery . day M. gustave and Zero walk down a staircase and through the front gate into a empty church - yard . there be wall and low building on the side , a few grave in the middle , and the entrance to a church at one end . pause . a small window swing open next to M. gustave and Zero . another elderly , cloak monk stare out from inside a caretaker 's booth . he study they for a moment , frown . he whisper : monk # 3 be you M. gustave of the Grand budapest Hotel in nebelsbad ? M. gustave ( hesitates ) uh-huh . monk # 3 put this on and sing . the monk thrust a small bundle into M. gustave 's hand . it consist of : two cloak and two hymnal . the echoing sound of a gregorian chant begin to rise from all around . M. gustave and Zero swiftly slip - on the cloak just as a procession of a hundred monk enter from two direction , merge in the church - yard , and advance double - file toward the chapel . M. gustave and Zero open they hymnal at random and slip into the procession . int . church . day a blast organ join the chant inside a vast , austere hall as the procession enter . the monk file into pews . the music end , and the room go silent . everyone kneel . the monsignor at the altar place he hand on a thick Bible and speak Latin . a voice behind M. gustave and Zero say : monk # 4 psst . M. gustave and Zero turn around . another elderly , cloak monk kneel on a kneeler behind they with he hand fold in prayer . he study they for a moment , frown . he whisper : monk # 4 be you M. gustave of the -- 92 . M. gustave ( irritate ) yes , dammit . monk # 4 confess . M. gustave look deeply offended and flabbergasted . he snap : M. gustave I be innocent . monk # 4 ( annoyed ) no , no . the monk point to a confessional booth in the transept . M. gustave hesitates . he nod , realize . he and Zero look down the row of kneel leg . they step up onto the pew , slink quickly in a crouch to the aisle , then hop down to the floor . monk , watch they , frown . M. gustave and Zero hurry together into the confessional booth and close the door . int . confessional . day a dark , wooden box line with purple velvet . it be a bit tight for two . a panel slide open . through the lattice screen : serge have age a decade . his eye be watery and dim . he whisper immediately , reverent : serge forgive I , M. gustave . I never mean to betray you . they threaten my life , and now they have murder my only family . M. gustave ( frustrated ) no ! who would they kill this time ? serge ( deeply wounded ) my dear sister . M. gustave ( try to picture she ) the girl with the club-foot ? serge yes . M. gustave that fucker . 93. serge I try to warn you . at the beginning . M. gustave I know , darling . let 's put that behind we . listen : I hate to put you on the spot , but I really must ask you to clear my name . obviously , you be grieve , and if I have any other -- serge there 's more . M. gustave ( hesitates ) ok . serge to the story . M. gustave I get it . go on . serge I be the official witness in Madame D 's presence to the creation of a second will to be execute only in the event of she death by murder . M. gustave a second will . serge right . M. gustave in case she get bump - off . serge right . M. gustave uh-huh ? serge but they destroy it . M. gustave oh , dear . serge however . M. gustave uh-huh ? 94 . serge I pull a copy . M. gustave ( beat ) a second copy of the second will serge right . M. gustave uh-huh ? Long pause . M. gustave finally start to lose he composure . his voice rise : M. gustave well , what do it say ? where be it ? what 's it all about , dammit ? do not keep we in suspense , serge . this have be a complete fuck nightmare . just tell we what the fuck be go on the panel snap shut . M. gustave and Zero frown . the organ blast again outside the confessional , and the church boom with low , eerie , sing voice . M. gustave try to jerk the panel open , but it stick . he bang on it with he fist . M. gustave serge ? serge ? serge ! M. gustave try the door . it be lock . Zero peer at the keyhole and say shortly : zero give I the pass-key . M. gustave hesitates . he reach into he pocket and pull out he ring of Grand budapest pass -key . Zero rapidly flip through they , study each key . he settles on one , insert it into the keyhole , jiggle it , and twist . the lock click . CUT to : M. gustave and Zero jump out from the confessional booth . Zero dart to the other side and crack open the other door . he peek - in and see : serge with a bloody garotte- wire strung around he neck . his eye be wide - open , and he tongue stick - out slightly . Zero grimace . M. gustave look over he shoulder . 95 . M. gustave bloody hell . they have strangle the poor slob ! m , . gustave press the door quietly shut again . he and Zero both look frantically around the room . one lone monk swing a smoking censor as he recess quickly down the center aisle while the rest of the congregation stand in they pews sing . he step outside and duck away around the corner . M. gustave and Zero 's eye light up -- then narrow fiercely . they run after the monk . ext . courtyard . day M. gustave and Zero dash out the front door . they skid to a stop and scan the area . there be a display next to the church entrance of a wooden saint on a sled be pull by a papier - maché reindeer . there be no one else in sight . a door creak slowly in the wind outside a small shed across the way . a sign above it read : ski locker ( clerical use only ) . a cloak and the still - smolder censor be strewn in the snow in front of it . insert : a pair of high -heeled boot clamping into a pair of ski - clip . insert : a pair of hand with brass knuckle grip onto on a pair of ski-pole . CUT to : jopl ( without cloak , on skis ) explode out the door of the shed , make a hard pivot , and launching through the monastery gate , down the steep slope . M. gustave and Zero watch in shock . Zero turn to the display next to they . he leap over to it , kick - off the saint , flip - away the reindeer , and shove the sled full - speed across the church - yard . he shout : zero come on ! M. gustave chase after Zero , and they jump onboard just as the sled dip sharply and accelerate like mad down 96 . the mountain . Zero hang onto a short rope knotted to the front . M. gustave hang onto Zero . jopl , ski superbly up ahead , look back . he see M. gustave and Zero close - in . he frown . he make a quick detour through a gap in the tree , and race down a narrow , zig - zag path . Zero jerk the rope and follow jopl . the sled bounce and bump , skid and slide . Zero shout : zero what do we do if we catch he ? M. gustave ( pause ) I do not know ! he 's a homicidal psychopath ! let 's stop ! zero I can not ! I can barely steer jopl ramp over the slope roof of a shutter café and land cleanly . M. gustave and Zero duck and shoot under it , bang between table , scatter chair , and rattling off the terrace . a group of hiker in snow - shoe walk single - file across the slope . they hurry to one side in a panic to dodge jopl , then immediately hurry back to the other to dodge M. gustave and Zero . a long , paper banner rustle in the wind . it read : gabelmeister 's peak , Winter Games . jopl snap through it and shoot out onto a abandon bob-sle run . he balance nimbly as he rocket down the ice . M. gustave and Zero burst onto the track behind he , skitter through the corner . they grit they tooth and hang on , terrify . at the end of the run , jopl jolt sideways , scratch across the track and shower splinter of ice , then zip up into the air and land on the snow at the side of a road directly next to he park motorcycle . he watch as : M. gustave and Zero come fly down the bob-sle run at break - neck speed , slam into a dense bank at the bottom and soar into a high arc . the sled flip and twirl , then hit the ground and split into three piece . Zero bashes head - first into the deep snow and disappear -- except for he foot and ankle stick out into the air , motionless . M. gustave smack onto the ice and slide , spin , off the edge of a cliff . silence . 97 . jopl take a drink from he flask . he unclip he skis . he walk slowly past Zero 's freeze leg and approach the precipice . M. gustave be clutching onto a knob of jag ice while he foot dangle above a rocky chasm a thousand foot deep . he stare up at jopl , frighten but furious . he say quietly : M. gustave you sick , pathetic creep . I hate you . ( shouting ) run , Zero ! save yourself , I suppose ! Zero 's foot be freeze in place . a distant wolf howl . pause . jopl lift he foot and stomp he boot down with all he might . the ice crackle and fissure . M. gustave sigh miserably . he swallow . jopl stomp again . the ice around M. gustave begin to crumble . as jopl continue to stomp , over and over , M. gustave sadly recite : M. gustave '' ' t£ this do be I end : farewell ! 's cry the wounded piper-boy , whilst the musket crack and the yeomen roar , ' hurrah ! 's and the rampart fall . ' methink I breathes I last , I fear ! 's say he -- " there be a powerful thump , and jopl fly head - first , scream , off the cliff over M. gustave 's head . Zero , in the midst of a diving shove , land on he face and nearly go over the edge , himself . he be cover with snow . M. gustave shout , ecstatic : M. gustave Holy shit ! you get he ! Far , far below : jopl 's arm and leg flail as he disappear down into the deep reach of the chasm . M. gustave say proudly in elation : M. gustave well -done , Zero ! M. gustave look greatly relieved as he continue to hang precariously and he finger stiffen toward frost - bite . Zero gasp for a instant , then thrust he arm down , stretch , to seize M. gustave by the wrist . CUT to : 98. a binocular shot of Zero drag M. gustave back up onto solid ground . they dust the snow off they body and catch they breath . henckel 's voice shout over a megaphone : henckel ( 0.s. ) halt ! M. gustave and Zero look across the hill - side to the next slope . a hundred advance troops hurry toward they , descend swiftly . the tiny figure of henckel at the head of the squadron continue forcefully : henckel gustave h! you be a fugitive from justice ! do not attempt to flee surrender lawfully , and I personally vouchsafe you fair treatment ! repeat : do not attempt to flee ! m , . gustave turn to Zero . Zero say , unsure : zero what do you think ? M. gustave ( weary ) I do not know . I would rather jump off this cliff right now than go back to fuck prison . M. gustave look lose and tired . Zero stare at he . he nod . he say calmly : zero I say we steal that sick maniac 's motorcycle , go fetch agatha , take back '' Boy with Apple '' , and head for the maltese riviera , once and for all M. gustave 's face lighten . he be move and deeply impressed . M. gustave very good ! you be so extraordinary , Zero . thank you . ( gravely ) a moment of silence in memoriam of a devote servant kill violently during the conduct of he duty . m , . gustave and Zero stare solemnly into space for about five second . bloodhound bark in the far distance . Zero say quietly : 99 . zero good-bye , serge . M. gustave nod suddenly . he and Zero break into a sprint , race over to the motorcycle , and jump on . Zero kick -start the engine , and M. gustave , on the rear fender , hang on tightly as they rumble away down the icy road . CUT to : henckel watch from the distance . he lower he binocular . he look worried . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) the war begin at midnight . CUT to : M. gustave and Zero wind along the highway . Zero yell back over he shoulder : zero what 's it like , by the way ? the maltese riviera ! M. gustave ( pause ) charm , really ! the weather 's exquisite . the local cuisine be simple but excellent ! the people be warm , kind , honest ! Rather dusky - complexion . you x11 fit right in , actually ! Zero nod , pleased . title : 24 hour later montage : various white - glove hand in action : one ring a bell on the concierge desk with a quick tap . another slip a envelope into a message box . another pick - up a room key off a hook . another forcefully shake a cocktail - shaker full of ice . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) pffeifelstad fall by lunch under heavy shelling , and the Zig-zag surge across the long , western border . the lutz blitz would last all winter . insert : 100 . a martini glass . the drink be pour neatly -- then stir with a '' Z - 2 " swizzle -stick . mr . moustafa ( v.0 . ) High -command advanced to nebelsbad . int . lobby . day the hotel be busier than ever , and every man in the room be in uniform . '' Z - 2 " symbol be plaster across every conceivable surface . agatha come in the front door carry a tall stack of pink , card - board pastry - box . a soldier seat at a small desk block the entrance look up from he ledger- book . he frown . agatha explain : agatha compliment of herr mendl . for the executive staff . agatha take a smaller box off the top of the stack and set it down in front of the soldier . the soldier hesitates . he open the box and see inside : one courtesan au chocolat . he look back up to agatha , hopeful . she nod . he signal for she to proceed . a officer with a crew - cut man the concierge desk . a badge on he chest read : military concierge . he be M. Chuck . Mr. mosher stand beside he take note while he dictate order : M. chuck General stieglitz request a garden -view sit - room with a extra roll - away . let 's put he in the Duke Leopold suite . Secretary woroniecki 's office cable . he 's check - in a day early ( room 401 - 2 - 3 ) . tell tactical logistic we be move they to a standard - double on the third floor . mr . mosher ( skeptical ) they 'il need more space than that . Mr. mosher point to a group of four soldier carry a ping - pong table through the lobby . agatha wait calmly while they pass . she pause , look leave and right , then duck through a curtain below a sign that read : staff only . she dash up a staircase CUT to : the storage pantry adjacent to the vault . agatha come in and set aside she box . she immediately stand on a 101 . chair and run she hand along the top of a picture rail near the ceiling . she find a brass key . she unlock the outer door of the vault and slide it open -- revealing the inner one ( which have a combination lock ) . agatha reach into she pocket and withdraw Zero 's hand - write square of tissue - paper and a small magnify glass . she squint and study the tiny document . she quickly spin the dial and open the door . agatha whip the fur steal off the radiator . agatha pull out the wrap painting agatha tuck the package under she arm , exit the vault , and re-lock the door . int . van . day the entrance to the hotel . '' Z-Z " banner hang from every awning . a dozen Zubrowkian flag wave and rustle in a row . crest , herald , and insignia be display in vitrine , door , and window . a chant platoon march up the promenade , and a soldier in a pilot 's cap sit smoking a cigarette on top of a park tank next to the funicular . M. gustave and Zero wait , tense , in a park delivery truck with mendl 's paint in delicate , pink cursive across the side . the engine idle . Zero be at the wheel . he and M. gustave both wear white cap and apron . M. gustave say , deeply disgust , as he stare at the new ornamentation : M. gustave the beginning of the end of the end of the beginning -- have begin . a sad finale play , off -key , on a break - down saloon piano in the outskirt of a forget ghost town . I have rather not bear witness to such blasphemy . zero I , neither . M. gustave ( elegiac ) the Grand budapest have become a troop 's barrack . I shall never cross its threshold again in my lifetime . zero I , neither . 102 . M. gustave ( on a roll ) never again shall -- zero ( alarmed ) actually , I think we might be go in right now , after all . Zero point to a long , silver limousine ( last see park in front of the desgoffe und taxis mansion in lutz ) as it pull up the drive and stop between the mendl 's van and the entrance to the hotel . a livery chauffeur jump out and open one of the back door . dmitri emerge . M. gustave and Zero crouch down low in they seat . M. gustave whisper with contempt : M. gustave dmitri . zero ( whisper , worried ) agatha . M. gustave and Zero watch as : marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina exit from the other side of the car , and a eager team of bellboy spring into action collect they numerous bag and suitcase out of the trunk and off the roof- rack of the vehicle . CUT to : agatha poke she head back into the lobby from behind the curtain . she start toward the front door , but pause as she see : dmitri and he sister . they enter and be immediately greet by M. Chuck . a large assembly of maid and footman stand in a row at attention to receive this distinguished guest . M. chuck good evening , Mr. desgoffe und taxis . I be M. Chuck . we have book you and you sister in the King ferdinand suite . dmitri shake hand coolly . as M. Chuck introduce himself to marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina -- dmitri spot agatha . he stare at she , curious . she look back at he , uneasy . he focuss - in on the package under she arm . she turn away and walk quickly deeper into the lobby . dmitri frown . 103 . M. chuck General von shrecker personally ask I to make sure -- dmitri ( interrupt ) Excuse I . dmitri bolt into the room . agatha 's eye dart , search for a escape-route , as she zoom among the table , couch , tea -tray , officer , waiter , and bellboy at the concierge desk : henckel look up from signing the guest book . he watch agatha pass . he watch dmitri grimly pursue she . he look intrigue . agatha bee-line into the elevator . the elevator operator look to she and wait . she hesitates . she name the top floor : agatha six . just as the elevator operator start to shut the gate -- a voice command he : dmitri ( 0.s. ) hold it . the elevator operator pause . dmitri enter and stand next to agatha . he stare ahead into space and repeat : dmitri six . the elevator operator slam the door . henckel watch from across the lobby . he say to anatole : henckel get M. Chuck . anatole nod and dash away . at the front door : M. gustave and Zero stride into the building hold two tall stack of pink , card - board pastry - box . they stop . M. gustave say warmly : M. gustave compliment of herr mendl . 104 . the soldier at the desk block the entrance look up . he be half - way through he courtesan au chocolat . he have butter- cream on he moustache . CUT to : henckel on he way up the step follow by M. Chuck . they stop at the next floor , look up and down the corridor , then continue climb CUT to : Mr. mosher stare , curious ; herr becker watch , surprised ; and anatole gape , mouth -open -- at : M. gustave and Zero crossing speedily through the center of the lobby with they stack box , look around in every direction as they go . they arrive at the close elevator door . a lobby Boy stand next to it . he have curly hair and look to be about sixteen . he be otto . M. gustave have you see a pastry - girl with a package under she arm in the last minute and a half ? orro yep ! she just get on the elevator with Mr. desgoffe und taxis . M. gustave ( irritate ) thank you . m , . gustave and Zero look up at the wall . something be gnaw at they both . insert : the needle above the elevator entrance . it climb past four toward five . M. gustave and Zero start to dash away -- but Zero stop short and turn back . he say quickly to otto : zero I be sorry . who be you ? orto ( hesitates ) otto , sir . the new lobby Boy . zero ( sharply ) well , you have not be train properly , otto . a lobby Boy never provide ( more ) 105 . zero ( cont would ) information of that kind . you be a stone wall . understood ? orto ( anxious ) yes , sir . M. gustave and Zero exchange a quick look : well - handle . they run . int . elevator . day as the lift ascend : dmitri cast a side - way look to agatha . she stare ahead and avoid he eye . he look away . agatha cast a side - way look to dmitri . he snap he head suddenly to look at she . she turn away again immediately , stricken . dmitri reach out toward agatha . she retreat further into the corner . he touch the package under she arm with he long finger and peel - back the edge of the wrapping - paper -- revealing a white hand hold a golden apple . he say quietly : dmitri pretty picture . agatha do not respond . they come to a stop , and the elevator operator open the gate . elevator operator Sixth floor . neither agatha nor dmitri move . silence . the elevator operator turn around slightly to look at they . agatha exit . the elevator operator start to close the door , but dmitri hold up a finger . he follow agatha . the gate close behind he . agatha walk swiftly but calmly down the long corridor . she look back . dmitri walk behind she , equally swiftly and significantly more calmly , thirty foot back . agatha turn a corner . dmitri crack he knuckle as he continue . he clear he throat . he turn the corner now , himself , and see : agatha run as fast as she can , already sixty foot ahead , nearly at the end of the corridor . she look back again as she disappear around the next corner . 106 . dmitri break into a full sprint . in five second , he reach the end of the hallway . he stop and look down the next corridor . it be empty . pause . at the far end : a pair of door label service elevator slide open . M. gustave and Zero stand inside it with they stack box . dmitri 's eye widen . he shout : dmitri where 's '' Boy with Apple '' ? M. gustave ( pause ) none of you goddamn business dmitri ( hesitates ) I be go to blast you candy - ass once and for all right now ! dmitri instantly lean down , lift up he trouser leg , and draw a small - calibre hand - gun from a strap under he sock . he fire . m , gustave and Zero throw they box in every direction and duck to the side of the elevator . dmitri fire again . bullet ricochet . a door open half - way down the corridor . a officer wear he uniform tunic but no trousers look out at dmitri , alert , with a luger pistol in he hand . officer Drop you weapon ! dmitri fire three more time into the service elevator . the officer fire back at dmitri . dmitri duck behind a xoom -service cart and quickly re-load . more door open up and down the corridor , and more armed officer in various state of dress / undress look out . dmitri pop up again and resume he barrage . all the officer open fire at once , shoot , apparently at random , in both direction . henckel appear suddenly at the top of the stair with he own firearm draw . M. Chuck hurry behind he . henckel duck down low and scream : henckel cease fire ! cease fire ! stop it ! the gunfire pause . everyone remain poise for the next volley . henckel holler : 107 . henckel who 's shoot who ? dmitri ( behind he barricade ) that 's gustave h ! the escape murderer and art thief ! I have get he cornere ! M. gustave and Zero remain tuck against the wall on the floor of the service elevator . M. gustave yell , enraged : M. gustave that 's dmitri desgoffe und taxis ! he 's responsible for the killing of deputy kovac , serge x. and he club-foote sister , plus he own mother ! henckel ( hesitates ) nobody move ! everybody 's under arrest ! there be a loud creak , then a crash bang . M. Chuck squint at a open window in a small alcove across from he . M. chuck who 's out the window ? Zero look to M. gustave . he say , under he breath : zero agatha ! Zero sprint out of the service elevator and race up the corridor . dmitri start shoot again . the entire group open fire once more . Zero race , crouch , with he hand over he head , and duck into the alcove . his head thrust out the window . he look down CUT to : agatha swinging by one hand from a break trellis off the end of a terrace three flight below . she hang onto the wrap painting with she other hand . she notice something on it and frown . insert : the dangle package . a section of the wrapping paper have tear away , and the corner of a pale-pink envelope be visible paste to the back of the picture . Zero stare down at agatha , horrify . he mutter to himself : 108 . zero 310 -bis ! ( shouting to agatha ) hang on ! here I come ! Zero race back through the hail of bullet . he dart past henckel and down the stairwell . he descend three flight . he cross the corridor and stop in front of a door label '' 310 - bis '' . a sign on the knob read : do not disturb . Zero hesitates a instant . Zero rap briskly , retreat back across the corridor , lower he shoulder , and charge with all he strength . just as he reach the door , it swing open to reveal a small , bearded man in a long night - gown . he side -step Zero . Zero stumble full - speed through the sit - room and out the wide - open terrace door . he slam against the balcony railing and flip over it . agatha release the package and grab Zero 's shirt as he somersault over she . Zero 's weight jerk agatha down with a jolt . they fall together . four floor down , Zero and agatha punch - through the canvas roof over the back of the mendl 's van and disappear inside . silence . int . van . day Zero sit up among the chaotic pile of scattered and upturn pink , card - board pastry - box . he gasp and dig for agatha . she surface . zero agatha ! be you all right ? agatha ( daze ) I think so . Zero embrace agatha . he kiss she passionately . he look into she eye . she say , woozy : agatha something 's on the back of the picture . zero ( confuse ) what ? 109 . agatha hold a piece of the tear and crumble wrapping paper . she and Zero both look straight up . CUT to : Zero and agatha 's point - of - view through the hole punch in the roof of the van . Seven floor up , M. gustave , henckel , and M. Chuck lean out the window stare down at they , freeze , while other officer lean out other window all across the facade . four floor up , '' Boy with Apple '' , unwrapped , hang upside - down from a wire below the balcony . it swing gently . insert : the painting , upside - down . a pair of hand flip it over to reveal the pale-pink envelope on the reverse . title : part 6 : '' the second copy of the second will '' int . dine room . day the entire , vast assembly of officer and soldier stand crowded , murmure , around a table in the restaurant where M. gustave , Zero , and dmitri , all in hand -cuff , sit across from henckel . agatha stand behind Zero . marguerite , laetizia , and Carolina stand behind dmitri . M. Chuck stand behind henckel . henckel carefully peel the envelope loose from the back of the canvas . he slit it open with a pocket - knife and remove a hand - write letter on pale-pink paper . he skim it , then look to M. gustave . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) she leave everything to M. gustave , of course . int . court room . day M. gustave on the witness stand . he wear he concierge uniform and be immaculate . the jury listen , enrapture by he testimony . the judge sniff the air . he look irritate . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) the mansion , know as schloss lutz ; the factory , which produce weapon , medicine , and textiles ; a important newspaper syndicate ; and ( perhaps you have already deduce ) this very '' institution '' -- the Grand budapest hotel. 110 . Zero , agatha , herr becker , Mr. mosher , and anatole watch , entertained , from the gallery . insert : the front page of the tran -alpine yodel . headline : clear of all charge a photograph show M. gustave with the entire staff pose in front of the Grand budapest . a column below the fold read , '' Son of murdered countess disappear without trace . '' CUT to : Zero behind the concierge desk . he now wear a uniform identical to M. gustave 's . he rattles off instruction to Mr. mosher , herr becker , anatole , and M. Chuck . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) he anoint I he successor ; and , as the war continue , I serve my adopt country from the narrow desk still find against the wall in the next room . across the lobby , M. gustave sit drink a cocktail with a beautiful , begemm , ninety - year - old woman . his hand rest on she thigh . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) he be the same as he disciple : insecure , vain , superficial , blonde , needy . in the end , he be even rich . ext . mountain range . day the facade of the Grand budapest at sunset . the camera glide along the path through the plot of edelweiss and buttercup . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) he do not succeed , however , in grow old -- nor do my darling agatha . she and we infant son would be kill two year later by the prussian grippe . ( a absurd little disease . today , we treat it in a single week ; but , in that day , many million die . ) the camera come to a stop as it reveal the view from the iron-lattice terrace over the crevasse alongside the cascade . Zero and agatha hold hand while M. gustave read from a Bible , officiate . the other witness be : the staff lll . of the hotel and the concierge of the Society of the cross key . int . train compartment . day a first - class state- room on the express to lutz . M. gustave , Zero , and agatha each hold a glass of chill , white wine . mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) on the first day of the occupation , the morning the independent state of Zubrowka officially cease to exist , we travel with M. gustave to lutz . M. gustave check the color of the wine in the light . it be excellent . pause . M. gustave in answer to you earlier question , by the way : of course . Zero look slightly puzzle . M. gustave explain , aside , to agatha : M. gustave Zero ask I about my humble beginning in the hotel trade . ( to Zero and agatha both ) I be , perhaps , for a time , consider the best lobby Boy we have ever have at the Grand budapest . I think I can say that . this one -- ( point to Zero ) -- finally surpass I . although , I must say , he have a exceptional teacher . zero ( with great affection ) truly . agatha ( recite ) '' whence come this two , radiant celestial brother , united , for a instant , as they cross the stratosphere of we starry window ? one from the East , and one from the West . '' M. gustave ( impressed ) very good . M. gustave kiss agatha 's hand . Zero frown . 112. zero do not flirt with she . ( suddenly ) why be we stop at a barley field again ? the train have , in fact , come to a halt in the middle of nowhere again -- but , this time , outside the window there be tank , truck , and a hundred soldier in black uniform with long coat . M. gustave , Zero , and agatha stare out at they , uneasy . M. gustave I find this black uniform very drab . I suppose they be mean to frighten people , but -- Three soldier appear in the compartment doorway . they be stocky , thick - neck , and armed with carbine rifle . M. gustave say with he usual air of fancy - meeting - you - here : M. gustave well , hello there , chap . we be just talk about you . soldier # 1 ( blankly ) document , please . M. gustave with pleasure -- as always . M. gustave and agatha withdraw they passport and present they to the soldier . the soldier flip through they . M. gustave you be the first of the enemy force to whom we have be formally introduce . how do you do ? the soldier ignore this comment . he return the passport to M. gustave and agatha and look to Zero . Zero nervously hand he he little scrap of paper . the soldier frown and study it . M. gustave smile . he say lightly : M. gustave plus ¢a change , be I right ? ( to the soldier ) that 's a migratory Visa with stage Three Worker status , darling . read this . M. gustave hand the soldier henckel 's special document . the soldier show it to he associate . they confer 113 . rapidly at a whisper . there be some debate . before M. gustave can work he magic -- the soldier rip the special document to shred . pause . M. gustave look to Zero . Zero and agatha be both stunne and frighten . M. gustave seem to smile very slightly , reassure they , and somehow send a sincere , private message : good luck . M. gustave 's jaw harden . he peg he glass of wine at the soldier , shatter it , and explode : M. gustave you filthy , goddamn , pock -mark , fascist asshole ! M. gustave be instantly on he foot , tussling . Zero jump up to intervene , try to calm everyone down -- and be immediately bashed in the face with the stock of a rifle and drop to the floor , out cold . M. gustave shout and struggle . agatha scream mr . moustafa ( v.o. ) there be still faint glimmer of civilization leave in this barbaric slaughterhouse that be once know as humanity . int . corridor . day the three soldier whisk M. gustave , now in hand - cuff , out of the compartment and man-handle he down the length of the coach while he shout furiously , berate they M. gustave I give you my word : I will see all three of you dishonorably discharge , lock - up in the stockade , and hang by sundown ( scream in rage ) where be you commanding officer ? CUT to : Zero with he head out the window of the once -again speed train . a significant volume of blood run from he forehead around he eye and down into he shirt - collar , soak deep red . he clutches he little scrap of paper in he fist . the wind rustle against he neck . his mouth be open . his face be freeze . tear stream down he cheek . 114 . mr . moustafa ( v.o . ) ( be : '' glimmer of civilization '' ) he be one of they . what more be there to say ? agatha , also in tear , pull Zero back inside . CUT to : the dining room . Mr. moustafa and the author sit in front of they dessert : courtesan au chocolat . they be the last remain guest in the giant restaurant . a waiter set place for breakfast at table in the background . two glass of sweet wine be serve . Mr. moustafa and the author sip they . the author ask gently : author what happen in the end ? mr . moustafa ( shrug ) in the end , they shot he . ( pause ) so it all go to I . Mr. moustafa smile sadly . he and the author begin to eat they confection in silence . they appear to enjoy they very much . int . lobby . night the room be desert , and the light have be dimme . Mr. moustafa and the author wait at the concierge desk . it be not occupy . author ( v.0 . ) after dinner , we go to collect the key to we room -- but M. Jean have abandon he post . Mr. moustafa look around . he shrug . he say , bittersweet : mr . moustafa I expect he 's forget all about we . Mr. moustafa wink at the author and slip around behind the concierge desk . author ( v.0 . ) in recent year , of course , such property and holding as the Grand budapest have with very few exception become -- common property . 115 . Mr. moustafa take great pleasure as he : open a drawer and tidy up its content slightly ; pull a stack of envelope out of a slot , flip through they , and hand one to the author ; straighten '' Boy with Apple '' slightly ; then take two key off they hook . author ( v.0 . ) while the precise term of he negotiation with the new government have never be announce , the result be a open secret : Zero moustafa have trade a great and important fortune in exchange for one costly , unprofitable , doom hotel . why ? insert : the author 's room key as Mr. moustafa place it onto the desk . it be label M. gustave suite . author ( v.0 . ) be it merely sentimental ? Mr. moustafa hold the author by the arm with two hand as the author walk he the length of the room to the elevator . author ( v.0 . ) it be quite forward of I and a bit out of character , but I feel I must know -- for my health , I suppose . I take the plunge . CUT to : one minute later . Mr. moustafa and the author stand at the entrance to the elevator face each other . silence . the author say suddenly , slightly worried : author forgive I for ask . I hope I have not upset you . mr . moustafa ( dismiss it ) of course , not . author ( long pause ) be it simply you last connection to that -- vanish world ? his world , if you will ? mr . moustafa ( doubtful ) his world ? 116 . Mr. moustafa consider this . he shake he head slowly . mr . moustafa no , I do not think so . you see , we share a vocation . it would not have be necessary . he 's always with I ( pause ) no , the hotel -- I keep for agatha Mr. moustafa pull up he lapel slightly and show the author agatha 's cross - key pendant pin to he jacket . he hide it away again mr . moustafa we be happy here . for a little while . the author nod solemnly . Mr. moustafa press a button to call the elevator . it immediately open . he start to enter -- but put up he hand to hold the door as he stop , turn back , and say : mr . moustafa to be frank , I think he world have vanish long before he ever enter it -. but , I will say : he certainly sustained the illusion with a marvelous grace ! ( pause ) be you go up ? author ( politely ) no , I will sit for a little while . good night . mr . moustafa good night . Mr. moustafa step inside . he press a button and the door close . the author stand still , stare into space . he sniff the air . he smile sadly . author ( v.0 . ) the next week , I sail for a cure in South America and begin a long , wander journey abroad . I do not return to burope for many year . ext . HOTEL . night the entrance at midnight . a doorman sweep the step below the front door . only one room 's light be illuminate : a little window at the far edge of the top floor . 117 . author ( v.0 . ) it be a enchant , old ruin -- but I never manage to see it again . the light go out . CUT to : the lobby . the author sit alone in a armchair in the desert room write in a small note-book . CUT to : the study . the author ( at seventy - five ) sit in a armchair write in a identical small note-book . the six - year- old boy play with a army of metal soldier on the floor beside he . CUT to : the park . the girl in the trench coat and beret sit on a bench near the statue of the author . she be just finish the final chapter of : the grand budapest HOTEL foxsearchlight.com taward released by twentieth century Fox '' 2014 twentieth century Fox