" the big sleep " screenplay by William faulkner leigh brackett Jules furthman from the novel by Raymond Chandler 1944 fade in : ext . sternwood place - establishing scene it be a millionaire 's house , big , sprawling , California style , with clipped lawn and garden , on a hill above the now abandon oil field which be the family 's wealth . a small coupe drive up to the door and stop , and Philip marlowe get out . we just have time to establish he as he approach the door -- a husky , self - confident man , well - dress but not flashy . insert : a brass doorplate knocker with a bell beneath lettere sternwood ext . front door - close shot - marlowe as norris open the door . norris be thin , silver - haire with a gentle intelligent face . norris ( hold the door ) good morning , sir . marlowe I be Philip marlowe . General sternwood send for I . norris ( open door , step aside ) yes , Mr. marlowe . will you come in ? marlowe ( enter ) thanks . int . formal mall - same opulent big - scale style - marlowe as norris shut the door , take marlowe 's hat . norris will you sit here ? I will tell the General you have come . marlowe okay . norris exit . marlowe look about , interested and curious , see something , move toward it . close shot - marlowe as he stand before a portrait , examine it with curious interest . it be a portrait of General sternwood , in regimentals , beneath cross battle - tear cavalry pennon and a sabre . he be still stare at the portrait when at a SOUND off , he turn and see carmen sternwood approach . she be about 20 , in slack , something sullen and hot about she . she stop about 10 foot from he and stare at he , bite the thumb of she leave hand . marlowe good morning . carmen ( after a moment ) you be not very tall be you ? marlowe I try to be . carmen not bad look , though -- you probably know it . marlowe thanks . he go to a chair and sit down . when he look up , he see carmen approach , still stare at he . carmen ( approach ) what 's you name ? marlowe Reilly -- doghouse Reilly . carmen ( beside the chair now ) that 's a funny name . be you a prize fighter ? marlowe no. I be a shamus . carmen a what ? marlowe a private detective . carmen you be cute . as she speak , she sit suddenly on the arm of he chair . as she do so , marlowe rise , shift the chair in do so , so that to she surprise , carmen find herself sit in the chair itself . she stare up , surprised and then angrily , be about to speak again when they both see norris . he have just enter noiselessly , stand beside the chair . on norris ' face there be now a curious expression of grief , sadness . carmen glance up at he , rise quickly as if he have reprimand she with word , and exit . marlowe look after she , thoughtful , a little grim . norris the General will see you now . marlowe ( look after carmen ) who be that ? norris miss carmen sternwood , sir . marlowe you ought to wean she . she look old enough . norris yes , sir . this way , if you please . they exit through french door . ext . rear lawn - same wealthy scale garage at one side , beyond it a tremendous greenhouse . norris be lead marlowe along the path toward the green house . a chauffeur be wash a car before the garage . we establish he in pass -- a handsome , boyish - look man , owen taylor . marlowe follow norris on to the greenhouse , look at the tremendous size of it as norris open the door and stand aside for marlowe to enter . int . greenhouse choked with orchid plant marlowe , follow norris between the crowd tendril and branch . the place be oven -hot , damp with sweat , green with gloom . marlowe be already reacting to it , be already mop he face with he handkerchief . marlowe ( mop neck , follow norris ) could not we have go around this ? norris ( over shoulder ; walk on ) the General sit in here , sir . mo . close shot - general sternwood in a wheelchair in center of the greenhouse , in a clear space about which the plant crowd and hover . the general be the man we see in the portrait , though older , and obviously die , so that only he fierce eye seem to have any life . even in the terrific heat he body be wrap in a travel rug and a heavy bathrobe , he gnarled hand lie like dead gnarled twig on the rug , he fierce eye follow as norris lead marlowe in . norris ( stop ) this be Mr. marlowe , General . the General do not speak , only the fierce eye stare at marlowe as norris push a wicker chair up behind marlowe 's leg . sternwood brandy , norris. ( to marlowe ) how do you like you brandy , sir ? marlowe ( sit down ) just with brandy . norris take marlowe 's hat , exit . sternwood I use to like mine with champagne . the champagne cold as Valley Forge and about three pony of brandy under it . you may take you coat off , sir . marlowe thanks . he rise , remove he coat , take out he handkerchief , hang he coat on chair . sternwood ( watch he ) it 's too hot in here for any man who still have blood in he vein . marlowe sit again , mop he face and neck . sternwood ( still watch he ) you may smoke too . I can still enjoy the smell of it , anyway . marlowe thanks . he produce a cigarette , light it , blow smoke , sternwood 's nostril move as he sniff the smoke . norris enter , push a teawagon bear decanter , siphon , initialed ice-bucket . sternwood that man be already dead who must indulge he own vice by proxy . norris wheel the wagon up , start to prepare a drink . sternwood ( watch pettishly ) come , man . pour a decent one . norris ( add brandy ) yes , General . marlowe ( watch ) but not too decent , norris . I do not want to exchange place with it . norris add soda , hand glass to marlowe . marlowe ( take glass ) thanks . he sit back . norris cover the ice-bucket with a napkin , exit . SOUND of door close as norris leave the greenhouse . marlowe raise the glass , sip . sternwood watch he , lick he lip with long pleasure and enjoyment . marlowe lower the glass . sternwood tell I about yourself , Mr. marlowe . I suppose I have the right to ask . marlowe there 's not much to tell . I be thirty - eight year old , go to college once . I can still speak English when there 's any demand for it in my business . I work for the District Attorney 's office once . it be bernie ohl , he chief investigator , who send I word you want to see I . I be not marry . sternwood you do not like work for Mr. wilde ? marlowe I be fire for insubordination I seem to rate pretty high on that . sternwood I always do , myself . Sir -- ( he slide one hand under the rug on he knee ) what do you know about my family , Mr. marlowe ? marlowe ( mop ) oo . . you be a widower , a millionaire , two young daughter . one unmarried , the other marry once but it do not do not take . both now live with you and both -- ( he break off ; the General 's fierce eye watch he ) sternwood go on . marlowe be I to swap you gossip for hospitality ? sternwood ( sternly ) you be to swap I you confidence for my own . marlowe ( shrug ) all right . both pretty , and both pretty -- wild . what do you want to see I about ? sternwood I be be blackmail again . marlowe __ ( mop ) again ? sternwood ( draw he hand out from under the rug , hold a brown envelope ) about a year ago I pay a man name Joe brody five thousand dollar to let my young daughter alone . marlowe ah. sternwood what do that mean ? marlowe it mean ' ah . ' it never go through the d.a. 's office , or I would have know it . who handle that for you ? sternwood shawn regan do . marlowe ( alternate between the drink , the cigarette and the now sodden handkerchief with which he mop he face and neck ) there must be some reason why regan 's not handle this one too . be I to know it ? sternwood shawn have leave I . marlowe I think I have not see he around lately . sternwood yes , he leave about a month ago , without a word . that be what hurt . I have no claim on he , since I be only he employer . but I hope we be more than that and that he would have say goodbye to I . you know he too ? marlowe yes . from the old day , when he be run rum from Mexico and I be on the other side , and now and then we swap shot between drink -- or drink between shot , if you like that better . sternwood my respects to you . few man ever exchange more than one shot with shawn regan . he command a brigade in the irish Republican Army , you know . marlowe ( moppin no , I do not . but I know he be a good man at whatever he do . nobody be pleased better than I when I hear you have take he on as you -- whatever he be here . sternwood as my friend , my son almost . many 's the hour he would sit here with I , sweat like a pig , drink the brandy I could no longer drink , tell I storey of the irish revolution -- but enough of this . ( he hold out the envelope ) here . and help yourself to the brandy . marlowe take the envelope , sit again , wipe he hand on he wet handkerchief , remove from the envelope a card and three clip of stiff paper . 9 . insert : card -- in marlowe 's hand Mr. Arthur gwynne geiger rare book and deluxe edition marlowe 's hand turn the card over . on the back , in hand -print . dear Sir : in spite of the legal uncollectibility of the enclose , which frankly be gambling debt , I assume you might wish they honore . respectfully , a.g. geiger . dissolve to : 10 . insert : three promissory note fill out in ink , date : September 3 September 8 September 11 on demand I promise to pay to Arthur gwynne geiger on order the sum of one thousand dollar ( $ 1,000.00 ) without interest . value received . carmen sternwood 11 . sternwood and marlowe - ( as before ) sternwood watch from wheelchair as marlowe mix himself a drink at the wagon , then turn toward chair . sternwood ( watch marlowe ) well ? marlowe ( stand ) who 's Arthur gwynne geiger ? sternwood I have not the faintest idea . marlowe have you ask you daughter ? 10 . sternwood I do not intend to . if I do she would suck she thumb and look coy . marlowe yeah . I meet she in the hall . she do that at I . then she try to sit in my lap . sternwood stare at he . after a moment marlowe raise the glass , drink , lower it . sternwood ( harshly ) well ? marlowe ( stare at he a moment ) be I be polite , or can I say what I want ? sternwood say it . marlowe do the two girl run around together ? sternwood I think not . they be alike only in they one corrupt blood . vivian be spoiled , exact , smart , ruthless . carmen be still the child who like to pull the wing off fly . I assume they have always have all the usual vice ; whatever new one of they own invention -- ( again he make the repress convulsive movement , glare at marlowe ) well ? marlowe pay he . sternwood why ? 11 . marlowe it 's cheaper . a little money against a lot of annoyance . the money you will not miss , and if you heart have not break long before this time , whatever 's behind this -- ( indicate the note on the chair ) -- can not do it now . sternwood not my heart . no sternwood ever have one . but there be my pride , which I at least , and I believe my older daughter still , both have . marlowe sure . a man name a.g. geiger 's just betting himself three thousand buck on that pride . who be this Joe brody you pay the five thousand to ? sternwood I do not recall . norris would know . my butler . I think he call himself a gambler . ( hopefully ) this may be a authentic gambling debt , after all . marlowe look at sternwood for a moment . then he half turn , set the glass on the wagon and take the napkin from around the ice bucket and mop himself with it . sternwood watch he . marlowe do you think it be ? sternwood ( after a second ) no . marlowe mop himself again with the napkin , put it back on the wagon , take up he glass , drink . marlowe I guess you want I to take this geiger off you back : that right ? sternwood yes. 12 . 12 . marlowe do you want to know anything , or do you just want to be rid of he ? sternwood do not you just tell I I no longer have any heart to be break ? marlowe it may cost you a little -- besides my own twenty - five a day and expense . sternwood say nothing , merely make a faint , impatient movement of he head or shoulder . marlowe drain the glass , set it back on the wagon . marlowe when do I start ? sternwood at once . and now if you will excuse I -- but another brandy before you go ? marlowe ( take up papers from chair , then he coat ) no thanks . sternwood ( press bell plugge into chair arm ) then good morning . and good luck . he lie back in the chair , close he eye . marlowe watch he a moment , then , he coat over he arm and still mop he neck , he turn and exit . ext . greenhouse - marlowe emerge , still carry he coat , drip wet , mop with he sodden handkerchief , breathe the cool air , start away . before he reach the house , norris meet he , pause two foot away , silver - haire , respectful , grave . norris Mrs. rutledge , the older daughter would like to see you before you leave , sir . and about the money : the General have instruct I to give you a check for whatever you require . 13 . 13 . marlowe instruct you how ? norris ( blink , stare , then smile ) ah , I see , sir . I forget you be a detective . by the way he ring the bell . marlowe you write he check . norris I have that privilege . marlowe ( start on ) that ought to save you from a pauper 's grave . I will not need any money now , thanks -- how do Mrs. rutledge know I be here ? norris she see you through the window . I be oblige to tell she who you be . marlowe I do not like that . norris be you attempt to tell I my duty , sir ? marlowe no. just have fun try to guess what they be . norris this way , sir . int . vivian' sitting room the room be large , over - elaborate , feminine . vivian recline on a chaise- lounge , show she leg to good advantage . she be beautiful , give a impression of strong will and strong emotion , the dangerous unpredictable type . 14 . she sip a drink , insolently at ease , watch marlowe as he enter . marlowe be still rumple and sweat . he adopt she be-damn - to - you attitude , look she over , and sit down unbidden , wiping he face and neck with he handkerchief . vivian so you be a private detective . I do not know they exist except in book , or else they be little greedy man snooping around hotel . my , you be a mess , be not you ? marlowe yeah -- I be not the orchid-bearing type . vivian this business of dad 's -- think you can handle it for he ? marlowe ( sardonically ) it do not look too tough . vivian really . I would have think a case like that take a little effort . marlowe not too much . vivian well ! what will you first step be ? marlowe the usual one . vivian I do not know there be a usual one . marlowe oh , yes . it come complete with diagram on page forty - seven of " how to be a detective in ten easy Lessons " , correspondence school textbook . vivian you must have read another one on how to be a comedian . I be quite serious , Mr. marlowe . my father be not well , and I want this case handle with the least possible worry to he . 15 . marlowe that 's the way I be go to handle it . vivian I see . no professional secret . marlowe do not answer . he 's still admire she leg . vivian set she glass down , look he over coolly , as though he be something in a bottle . vivian how do you like dad ? marlowe I like he . vivian he like shawn . I suppose you know who shawn be ? marlowe yeah , I know . vivian you do not have to play poker with I . dad want to find he , do not he ? marlowe do you ? vivian of course I do ! it be not right for he to go off like that . break dad 's heart , although he will not say much about it . or do he ? marlowe he mention it . vivian I do not see what there be to be cagey about . and I do not like you manners . marlowe I be not crazy about yours . I do not ask to see you . and I do not mind you ritzing I , or drink you lunch out of a bottle . I do not mind you show I you leg . they be very swell leg and it 's a pleasure to make they acquaintance . I do not mind if you do not like my manners . ( more ) 16 . marlowe ( cont 'd ) they be pretty bad . I grieve over they during the long winter evening . but do not waste you time try to cross -examine I . vivian be really angry now . she swing she leg to the floor , and she anger be something sparkling and terrific . vivian people do not talk like that to I . marlowe laugh at she softly . his eye be warm and mock . vivian relax slowly , look at he , and something besides fury come into she own face . vivian do you always think you can handle people like train seal ? marlowe just what be it you be afraid of ? they watch each other , and vivian 's face close against he like a door . vivian dad do not want to see you about shawn at all . marlowe do not he ? vivian get out . ( as marlowe rise and turn from she ) please ... you could find shawn if dad want you to . marlowe ( still dead pan ) when do he go ? vivian a month back . he just drive away one afternoon without say a word . they find he car in some private garage . marlowe they ? 14 . 15 . 17 . vivian ( she manner suddenly different , as though she have win she bout with he ) dad do not tell you then . marlowe he tell I about regan , yes . that 's not what he want to see I about . be that what you have be try to get I to say ? vivian I be sure I do not care what you say . marlowe ( give she a look she could chin herself on ) you might change you mind about that some day . so long , Mrs. rutledge . vivian watch he as he go out , with smolder , puzzle eye . int . MAIN ball marlowe come down the hall , head for the door . norris appear with marlowe 's hat and hand it to he . marlowe you make a mistake . Mrs. rutledge do not want to see I . norris I be sorry , sir . I make many mistake . he open the door . marlowe pause to look at the view . long shot - marlowe' angle Beyond the lawn and hedge of the sternwood estate the ground fall away to barren field with several old wooden derrick , some of they still wearily pump oil . the derrick be at a considerable distance from the house , but a man with binocular could see any activity around they clearly enough . the sky be cloud ; thunder sound distantly . 18 . 16 . at the sternwood door marlowe how long that well be pump ? norris about thirty year . the General like to take he field glass sometimes and sit by the window and watch the walk - beam . they be like life , he say -- a endless seesaw , forever up and down and get nowhere marlowe they get oil . Black stuff , with a smell to it ... worth dollar . he go out , get into he car and drive away . the SOUND of thunder follow he . dissolve to : 17 . insert : a bronze plaque " hollywood public library " dissolve to : 18 . int . library the typical read room , with the usual character hunch over book at the table . marlowe stand by the librarian 's desk . a boy come from the door to the stack and hand the librarian a book . she look at it . librarian famous first edition . ( look at marlowe -- it be obvious that she feel he 's not the type to be read about first edition ) this be the one you want ? marlowe ( blandly , as he take the book ) I collect blond , too -- in bottle . he walk over to a table and sit down , leave the woman stare after he . 19 . 20 . 19 . ext . geiger' store - establishing shot sign on window : " rare edition " etc . marlowe walk up and pause to assure himself that it 's the right place . the store front be narrow . discreet gold lettering on the plate glass repeat the legend on geiger 's card : a.g. geiger rare book and deluxe edition the window be blank off with chinese screen , fronted by large Oriental urn . marlowe put on a pair of horn - rimmed sun glass , adjust he hat to a less rakish angle , and enter . int . geiger' store the room be small , din , expensively underfurnished with leather chair , smoking stand , and a small psuedo- Oriental desk . a few set of tool leather bind on narrow table , other in glass case . agnes , a hard - look , expensive blonde in a tight black dress , rise from behind the desk as marlowe approach and move to greet he . her manner be professionally distant , she accent betray she phony veneer . agnes can I be of any assistance ? marlowe would you happen to have a Ben hur 1860 ? agnes ( hang on hard to she composure , see that she 's go to have trouble with marlowe ) a first edition ? marlowe no. third -- the one with the erratum on page one-sixteen . agnes I be afraid not -- at the moment . 20 . marlowe how about a Chevalier audubon -- the full set of course ? agnes ( with a freeze smile ) uh -- not at the moment . marlowe ( politely ) you do sell book ? agnes ( drop the act , point to the display book ) what do that look like -- grapefruit ? marlowe they look like book from here , anyway . maybe I would better talk to Mr. geiger . agnes he 's not in at the moment . marlowe glance up as a man enter the store ; a middle - age , important - look person who have a incongruously furtive and nervous manner . he look quickly at marlowe , then at agnes , who give he a almost imperceptible warning nod . marlowe remain blandly unaware of the byplay , all he attention apparently on the cigarette he 's lighting . the man walk quickly to the rear of the store . agnes push a button on the desk . a door in the back wall open on a buzzer lock . the man dart through it like a rabbit . agnes ( to marlowe ) I say Mr. geiger be not in . marlowe I hear you . I will wait for he . agnes he will not be back until very late . at this point the furtive man come out of the rear part of the store and leave hurriedly , look at neither agnes nor marlowe . his face be line and haggard . marlowe be interested . 21 . 21 . marlowe ( watch the man out ) he must have get hold of the wrong title . ( to agnes ) well , guess I would better blow . I be already late now for my lecture on Argentine cera-mick . ( mispronounce the word ) agnes ( icily , correct he ) the word be ceramics . and they be not Argentine : they be egyptian . marlowe you do sell a book once , do not you ? well , even the Argentine 's a little too far for I today . guess I will just stick to the public library -- or I might try that book store across the street . agnes ( freezing ) do so . agnes stare viciously at he back until he be out . then she go to the door at the rear , knock and go through . moving shot - marlowe he walk across the boulevard , turn into a small bookstore , the second -hand variety , cluttere and dingy . several nondescript people browse among the table . at the rear a small , dark , shrewd - face woman sit read at a desk -- apparently she be the proprietor . marlowe approach she , and she look up blank - face from she book . marlowe would you do I a very small favor ? proprietress I do not know . what be it ? marlowe you know geiger 's store across the street ? proprietress I think I may have pass it . marlowe you know geiger by sight ? the woman open it . the woman 22 . proprietress I should think it would be easy enough to go to he store and ask to see he . marlowe I do not want to see he that close , just yet . ( as he get no response ) know anything about rare book ? proprietress you could try I . marlowe would you have a Ben hur , 1860 , third edition , with the duplicate line on page one -sixteen ? pull a fat volume in front of she , start to marlowe ...or a Chevalier audubon 1840 ...? stop , close the book . proprietress nobody would . there be not one . marlowe right . ( as the woman give he a puzzle stare ) the girl in geiger 's store do not know that . proprietress I see . you begin to interest I -- vaguely . marlowe I be a private dick on a case . perhaps I ask too much . ( lean forward to hold a match for she cigarette ) it do not seem much to I somehow . 22 . 23 . proprietress ( after a pause ) in he early forty , medium height , fattish , soft all over , a Charlie Chan moustache . well dress , go without a hat , affect a knowledge of antique and have not any . oh yes , he leave eye be glass . marlowe you would make a good cop . proprietress ( return to she read ) only if he wear smoke glass . marlowe ( laugh softly -- pull a flat pint from he hip pocket ) I should not think you would have to work too hard to start anything smoking . he shake the bottle up and down , invitingly . she look up at he , searchingly , then smile slowly . proprietress it 's go to rain , soon . marlowe I would rather get wet in here . she pull open a drawer and stand two small glass on the desk . marlowe smile , and start pour . through the window behind he the front of geiger 's store can be see . dissolve to : int . bookshop - night ( rain ) it be raining hard outside . the proprietress be a little tight , quite relaxed , and slightly philosophical , lean against marlowe , who sit on a stack of britannicas beside she , watch the window . the proprietress pick up the bottle , which be now empty , shake it forlornly , and set it down again . proprietress a couple of hour , a empty bottle , and so long , pal . that 's life . 24 . marlowe but it be a nice two hour . proprietress ( sighing ) uh-huh. ( look toward the window ) there 's geiger 's car drive up . marlowe ( over above action ) who 's the other guy ? proprietress damon -- or pythias . I do not know . geiger 's shadow , anyway . name 's Carol lundgren . marlowe have rise , be now in a hurry to follow geiger . marlowe so long , pal . proprietress if you ever want to buy a book ... marlowe a Ben bur eighteen-sixty ... proprietress ( sighing ) with duplication ... so long . dissolve to : 23 . insert : a STREET sign on a lamp post wet with rain : laverne terrace dissolve to : 24 . long shot - night ( rain ) establishing a section of laverne terrace a narrow street with a high bank on one side and a scatter of cabinlike house build down the slope on the other side , so that they roof be not much above street level . they be mask by hedge and shrub . sodden tree line the dark road . 25 . 26 . 27 . 28 . 25 . the headlight of a car appear . geiger 's coupe drive up and stop in front of the garage of a small house almost completely hide by a square box hedge . geiger get out , open a umbrella , and vanish behind the hedge . almost immediately marlowe 's car appear , continue slowly past geiger 's house . it turn , stop under a tree . the light go out . dissolve to : int . marlowe' car - night ( rain ) marlowe yawn , get a bottle out of the dash compartment , shake it reflectively . marlowe another hour , another bottle -- another dame ? he uncap the bottle , salute a unseen person wryly , drink , then light a cigarette and settles down to wait . dissolve to : ext . laverne terrace - night ( rain ) a dark convertible stop in front of geiger 's house . the light go out . a small slim woman in a vagabond hat and raincoat get out . she pause , look around -- we see she face dimly . it be carmen sternwood . she vanish behind the hedge . the doorbell ring faintly , the door open and close . int . marlowe' car - night ( rain ) marlowe look offscene after carmen , with a unpleasant grin . marlowe yeah -- another dame . his expression indicate that thing may pick up shortly . he look at he watch -- the camera move in to feature the watch -- the hand stand at 6:35 . dissolve to : insert : the watch on marlowe' wrist the hand now indicate : 7:20 29 . 30 . 31 . 32 . 33. 34 . 26 . int . marlowe' car - night ( rain ) shoot obliquely across marlowe 's shoulder , show the street and particularly geiger 's house through the rain - streak windscreen . suddenly a hard white flash of light shoot out of geiger 's house like 's flash of lightning . Close on its heel come a woman 's thin half - pleasurable scream . marlowe be out of the car and on he way . ext . geiger' house - night ( rain ) marlowe round the hedge on the run . there be a wooden footbridge bridge the gap between the bank and the front door . he cover this in two jump and stop at the front door . the knocker be in the shape of a lion 's head , and ring in its mouth . marlowe put he hand on it , and as he do , three shot SOUND from inside . marlowe freeze . from inside we hear a sighing groan and the thud of a fall body , then footstep go away . marlowe look over the railing of the bridge , but there 's no way around to the back . he stand still , listen . Light show from the house , behind drapery . from offscene at some distance , we hear someone run down step . ext . rear step - extreme close - night ( rain ) on a man 's foot , run with hysterical speed down the wet tread . we follow they across muddy ground , apparently a dirt road surface , to a car . long shot - alley below geiger' house - night ( rain ) as a car start and roar away with clash gear . almost before it be out of sight a second car pull out from under shroud tree and follow it . ext . geiger' house - at front door - night ( rain ) the SOUND of the two car be still audible , fade into distance . marlowe listen to it . when everything be quiet again he try the front door , find it lock . french window flank the door just out of reach beyond the railing of the bridge . marlowe swing out over the railing , kick in the right -hand window , and pull himself over the sill . int . geiger' house - live room - night as marlowe come in through the window . the room be wide , low - beam ceiling , brown plaster wall with strip of chinese embroidery and Oriental print on they . low bookshelve , a desk , thick rug floor cushion , low divan -- a exotic messy atmosphere . 27 . on a low dais at one end of the room be a carve teakwood chair , a massive thing in which carmen sternwood sit , rigidly erect , in the pose of a egyptian goddess . she wear a man 's large silk dress gown -- it do not pretend to fit she and give the impression of have be throw hurriedly around she by someone other than herself . carmen 's eye have a queer fix stare . she pay no attention to marlowe . she look as if , in she mind , she be do something very important and do it well . she seem pleased about it , she lip curve to a smile . she laugh from time to time -- softly , secretly . opposite she , geiger lie on the floor in front of a thing like a totem pole . the eye of the totem be a camera lens ; it focus on the chair where carmen sit . a blacken flash bulb be clipped to the totem beside it . geiger be dress in semi-oriental fashion . his embroider coat be soak with blood . he be obviously dead . marlowe take all this in , sniff the air . it be heavy with something unpleasant . he cross to a small lacquer table bear a flagon of dark liquid and two glass . marlowe sniff the flagon , make a grimace of disgust . carmen 's clothes be wad up on the divan . marlowe pick up she coat and shoe and go to she . marlowe hello . remember I . she do not seem to see he . the soft , secret laughter be he only answer . he go closer , and deliberately slap she face . this get a reaction -- he slap she again , without emotion , but hard . carmen come to , slightly , give he a sly , mad smile . marlowe you be higher than a kite . come on , let 's be nice . let 's get dress , carmen . he put she shoe on . ___ carmen ( giggle ) you tickle . marlowe yeah , you tickle I , too . marlowe pull she to she foot and put she coat on , try not to dislodge the dress gown . she fall against he , very happy about it all , apparently about to pass out . marlowe be not happy . 35 . 36 . 28. marlowe let 's take a walk . carmen ( thickly , half conscious ) you be cute . marlowe sure , sure . so 's you boyfriend . want to look at he ? he walk the staggering girl over to geiger 's body . it be hard work -- and carmen be not impressed . carmen ( as before ) he 's cute . marlowe cute . yeah . let 's walk . he walk she back and forth across the room a couple of time -- low camera featuring the dead man as they leg pass in front of he . then she pass out in he arm , still convinced that everything be cute . he spread she out on the divan , unconsciously wiping he hand on he coat as though he have touch something dirty . then he return to the totem and geiger 's body . he examine the conceal camera . the plateholder be go . he roll geiger 's body over enough to see under it . no plateholder . he frown thoughtfully at the girl ... then go into the rear of the house . int . geiger' house - rear room - night marlowe pass quickly through the bath and kitchen , pause to try the lock kitchen door and to examine a window which have be jimmied open . the scar show plainly on the wood , the rain blow in unheeded . marlowe then go to the bedroom , which be in keep with the live room . he glance briefly through the closet , with a man 's clothes in it , then pick up a keyholder from the dress table , where it have be place along with other content of geiger 's pocket -- money , handkerchief , etc . int . geiger' house - live room - night marlowe return and unlock the desk . in one drawer he find a lock steel box , which he open with geiger 's key . he take from it a leather book . 37 . 38 . 39 . 40 . 29 . insert : the book in marlowe' hand he leaf through the page slowly , show a index and write in code , in the same slant printing as on the card General sternwood give he . int . geiger' house - live room - night marlowe place the book in he pocket , wipe he fingerprint carefully from the box , replace it end lock the desk . he pocket the key , turn off the lamp and the gas log in the fireplace , make a wad bundle of carmen 's clothes , jam she hat on she head and pick she up , hold she clothes awkwardly in one hand . on the way out he push down the light switch by the door , and kick the door shut behind he . ext . geiger' house - night ( rain ) as marlowe carry the sleep girl out to she car . dissolve to : ext . sternwood house - night ( rain ) marlowe have just rung the doorbell . in the drive behind he stand carmen 's Packard . the door open . norris appear in it , recognize marlowe , look swiftly past he and recognize the car also . then he look at marlowe again -- the same quiet , grave face with its expression of grief and sadness which the sight of the car bring into it . his voice though be quiet and calm . norris good evening , sir . marlowe ( rapidly ) Mrs. rutledge in ? norris no , sir . marlowe the General ? norris he 's asleep . marlowe good . where 's Mrs. rutledge 's may ? 41 . 30 . norris mathilda ? she 's here . marlowe better get she down here . this job need a woman 's touch . take a look inside the car . but norris do not move , only he eye go again to the wait car and return , he face still grave , only the grief a little sharper behind it . norris ( quickly ) she 's all right ? marlowe sure . she 's okay . just get that may . mathilda can do all right for she . norris we all try to do we best for she . I will call mathilda at once . marlowe ( turn ) then I will leave it with you . goodnight . norris May I call you a cab , sir ? marlowe ( pause ) no . in fact , I be not here . you have not even see I tonight -- see ? norris yes , sir . marlowe turn on , fast , walk down the drive in the rain . dissolve to : int . geiger' dark house - night ( rain ) marlowe , a shadowy figure , enter , close door behind he , cross the room to a lamp , turn the switch . marlowe be quite wet , indicate that he have walk back from sternwood 's . 42 . 43. 44 . 31 . he stand with he hand still on the light switch , look about the room , cross to another tamp , put it on , be about to turn away when he stop dead , react as he look at the totem pole and at the floor beneath it where geiger 's body have lain . the body be go . marlowe cross the room , waste no time , determine . he pass through door to bedroom , snap light on beyond it , after a moment the light beyond the door snap off and marlowe re-enter live room . he have not find the body . he stand for a moment , think , then he go and kneel so that he can squint along the surface of the thick rug . he see in the nap the mark where geiger 's heel be drag along it , across the room toward the front door . he rise at last , thoughtful , slowly take out a cigarette and light it , drop match into ashtray , stop , take up the dead match and put it into he pocket . then he take out he handkerchief , go and wipe off the bedroom doorknob , go to the first lamp , turn it out and wipe it off , leave room in darkness and himself a shadow which can be barely see in the act of wiping off that button . then he cross the room . ext . door to house - night marlowe as he close and lock it , wipe off knob , pocket key , turn . int . marlowe' apartment - night marlowe , sit at a table , the code book which he find at geiger 's open before he , a highball at he hand as he try to work out the code . he can not solve it . his hand reach for the highball glass . dissolve to : int . marlowe' bedroom - morning marlowe , in bed , wake reluctantly as loud knocking on the apartment door penetrate he slumber . he crawl out of bed , obviously the worse for a hangover , pull ona dress gown as he stagger sleepily toward the next room . marlowe ( as the knocking continue ) all right , all right . keep you pants on ... 45 . 32 . int . marlowe' live room - at front door as marlowe open it to admit bernie ohls , a dapper slightly flashy man , whose clothes be expensive and always a little wrong . his face be dapper and deceive since it be actually the face of a man who have be in close place in the course of he duty , have kill several lawbreaker , at time when he be outnumber and they think he be cover and helpless until too late . he be pleasant and affable to all , respects courage , love no man . marlowe well bernie . do not you ever go to bed ? ohls ( enter -- surveying marlowe ) Boy , what a beautiful hangover ! tut , tut -- man you age , out on the town all night ... marlowe I get it right here . ohls ( sit ) that 's even worse . marlowe all right -- what be it ? ohls do it have to be something ? marlowe look , bernie , when somebody from the homicide squad come over to help ... ohls you be work for the sternwood , be not you ? marlowe ( warily ) yeah . ohls done anything for ‘em yet ? marlowe how could I do anything yesterday in all that rain ? 46 . 33. ohls ( laugh ) okay -- they seem to be a family that thing happen to . a big buick belong to one of they be wash around in the surf off lido fish pier . oh yea , I almost forget . there 's a guy in it . marlowe ( flatly , after a pause ) regan ? ohls who ? oh , you mean that irish ex-legger old sternwood hire to do he drink for he . what would he be do down there ? he watch marlowe 's face narrowly -- it tell he nothing . marlowe what would anybody be do down there ? ohls that 's what I be go to lido to find out . want to come ? marlowe thanks , bernie . yeah , be with you in ten minute . he start out , already pull off he dress gown . ohl look after he , frown . dissolve to : int . car - ohls and marlowe - morning ohl be drive . it be a official car , now and then ohl sound the siren . ohls it be not regan . I check up . regan 's a big guy , tall as you and a shade heavier . this be a young kid . ( he sound siren -- the car be go fast ) what make you think it be regan ? 34 . marlowe who be it ? do not they know yet ? ohls now , now . behave . what make regan skip out ? or be not you interested in that either ? marlowe why should I be ? ohls that be not what old sternwood want you for , then ? marlowe can not a guy quit a job anymore without notify the District Attorney ? ohls when a ex-bootlegger get himself hire into a job where all he 's get to do be sit in a greenhouse and drink a millionaire 's brandy , when he throw that job up -- marlowe I be not look for regan . ohls okay , keep buttone , kid . marlowe General sternwood tell you to send I out to see he . but he never tell I I be to report -- ohls I say , keep it buttone , do not I ? ( sound siren ) after all , you get to eat too -- even if I do not know why . marlowe sometimes I do not know either . ohl sound the siren again . the car speed on . 47 . 48. 35 . ext . entrance to lido fish pier - morning a fade stucco arch , the sea beyond it , the pier stretch away as ohl ' car stop before the entrance and ohl and marlowe get out . beside the arch be park a police car and several police motorcycle . the long pier , raile with white two - by-four , run out over the water . there be several private car park along the road , a crowd of people be gather at the far end of the pier as a motorcycle officer , station beneath the arch , be hold back another crowd as ohl and marlowe come up . ohl show the officer he badge . ohls ( to guard ) Medical examiner come yet ? guard ( check pass , wave they on ) beat you by 15 minute . he 's examine the guy now probably . ohls ( pocket he pass ) oh , he be , huh ? do not you guy ever hear of the d.a. 's office ? guard keep you shirt on . there 's a deputy in charge . ohl , follow by marlowe , pass onto the pier . seaward end of pier a shattered gap in the railing at the end of the pier show where the car crash through . another crowd of people hold back by other policeman , gather along the break railing in b.g. Beyond they , moor to the end of the pier , lie a flat barge with wheelhouse and derrick . as ohl and marlowe approach , the police herd the crowd back and four man come up from the barge , carry a sheet - cover stretcher and carry it on across the shot -- the crowd gape after it . as the bearer be about to pass , ohl stop they . ohls wait a minute . the bearer stop . ohl turn the sheet back , look at the dead man 's face . 49 . 36 . ohls ( over he shoulder to marlowe ) want a look ? marlowe look at the face for a moment . ohl drop the sheet back . ohls ( to bearer ) all right . beat it . the bearer go on . ohl and marlowe approach the barge , the crowd gawk about they , after the stretcher , the policeman shove among they . a policeman ( to crowd ) that 's all now . go on . deck of barge moored to the end of the pier on it sit the car which have be lift from the water . it be the same black sedan which marlowe see the chauffeur wash yesterday in sternwood 's garage -- bent and stain with water . in front of the car be gather ohl , marlowe , a uniform deputy , two plainclothesmen and the Medical examiner who have just finish repack he small black bag . ohls ( to deputy ) what 's the story ? deputy you can see most of it from here . go through the rail yonder . must have hit it pretty hard . the rain stop down here about nine p.m . the break end of the rail be dry inside . that would put it about nine - thirty last night . ohls drunk , huh ? plainclothesman then he must have be that guy you hear about that always drive better drunk . he plow a awful straight furrow down that pier , right to the end of it . then he hit the railing right square head - on -- hard and clean -- or he would not have go through it . 50 . they ext . they hang 37 . ohls all right . suicide then . deputy the hand - throttle be set half - way down . something have hit he a pretty hard lick across the leave temple . ohls ( to Medical examiner ) all right , doc. let 's have it . medical examiner his neck be break . ohls what make the bruise ? steering - wheel ? medical examiner it be make by something cover . the wound have already ble under the skin while he be still alive . marlowe a blackjack ? all turn and glance at marlowe . ohls ( after a moment ) I would forget about you . let 's go back to town . pier - marlowe and ohls be walk back toward they car . a few people still around , stare at the barge . ohls so you recognize he . marlowe yeah . sternwood 's chauffeur . I see he wash that same car yesterday . ohls so that be what old sternwood want with you . marlowe look , I do not even know he name -- 51 . 38 . ohls I do . his name 's Owen Taylor about a year or so back he run sternwood 's daughter , the hotcha one , off to yuma . the older sister run after they and bring the girl back and have Taylor throw into the icebox . then the next day she come down and beg the kid off -- say the kid mean to marry the sister only the sister can not see it . so they let the kid go , and darn if the sternwood do not have he come back to work , same as if nothing have happen . marlowe and now somebody will have to go see they about this . ohls yep . that 's I , probably . marlowe leave the old man out of it , if you can . he 's get enough trouble already besides be sick . ohls regan , huh ? marlowe I do not know anything about regan . I tell you that . ohls then what be you do in this ? marlowe I be not look for regan . I can tell you that much . ohls ( dryly ) . . yeah . I hear you the first time . dissolve to : int . geiger' store marlowe enter , wear the dark glass as before , and as before , agnes rise from behind the desk . she be not happy to see marlowe . 39 . marlowe ( cheerily ) hello -- I be back again . Mr. geiger in ? agnes I be afraid not . no. marlowe glance around to make sure they be alone , then remove the glass and move close to agnes . marlowe it be just a stall about that first edition . I get something to sell . something geiger 's want for a long time . agnes oh -- I see . well -- you might come back tomorrow . I think ... marlowe Drop the veil , sister . I be in the business too . agnes stare at he , scared stiff , not know how to get rid of he . marlowe ( impatiently ) I have not get forever . be he sick ? I could go up to the house agnes ( frantically ) no , that would not do any good -- he 's out of town . could not you tomorrow ? -- marlowe glance up sharply as Carol lundgren , the dark handsome boy in the leather jacket , open the door in the rear wall . behind he , through the open door , we see the back room , litter with the papers and box of hurried pack , and a gaunt , hard - look man with a certain animal attractiveness in the midst of it , cram folio and stack of large-size envelope into the pack box . Carol be obviously strain and under tension , look as though he have not sleep . carol ( desperately ) agnes , you have get to -- 52 . 53. 40 . he become aware of marlowe , shut up abruptly , and slam the door . from the partition he voice rise , sharp but unintelligible , answer by a heavier , man 's voice -- no word come through , but the implication be clearly that Carol shall shut up and get out . a door slam violently , then there be silence . marlowe , ignore this byplay , and the stricken look on agnes ' face , put on he glass and touch he hat . marlowe tomorrow , then . early . agnes yes , early . before marlowe have quite leave the shop she dart back through the rear door . ext . geiger' store - moving shot - marlowe as he walk rapidly along the boulevard to a taxi stand at the curb . a smart , competent - appear girl sit read a pulp magazine behind the wheel . int . cab marlowe stick he head in , do a take , and relax . marlowe ( disgustedly ) I would have to pick a girl at this point . cabby ( give he a cold stare ) anything you want , bud , I can give you . marlowe ( grin ) and with both fist , too , I will bet . tail job ? cabby cop ? marlowe private . cabby ( lay aside the magazine ) hop in . marlowe look down at the magazine . 54 . 55 . 56 . 57 . 58. 59 . 60 . 41 . insert : the magazine on the seat it be a copy of two - gun detective tale , with a lurid cover of gunman and a gory corpse . int . cab - the shot as before - marlowe and cabby marlowe ( grin ) okay , kid . take it . he get in quickly . cabby ( slapping down the flag ) I get it . ext . hollywood STREET - cab in f.g. a light panel pickup job come out of a alley and turn down the street . the gaunt , hard - look man be drive . marlowe lean forward and give the cabby the high sign . the cab pull out to follow . dissolve to : insert : STREET sign randall place dissolve to : long shot - establishing a section of randall place , feature a apartment building with a basement garage . a awning stretch out over the sidewalk -- lettering along the awning 's side read , randall arm . the panel truck drive past the entrance and turn into the basement garage . some distance behind it we see the cab pull into the curb . marlowe get out and walk toward the randall arm . int . randall arm - the entry the door stand open onto a small foyer , without desk or switchboard . a panel of gilt mailbox be let into one wall of the entrance . marlowe , after a glance inside , examine the name under the mail drop . one in particular catch he eye . insert : the card on the mailbox : the name joe brody be typewritten on the card . 61 . 62. 63. 64 . 65 . 66 . 42 . int . randall arm - the entry as before marlowe tap the card , then give the foyer one more meaning look , turn . ext . randall place - at the cab as marlowe return to it . he speak to the girl , who nod and drive away with he . dissolve to : ext . hollywood STREET as the cab pull into the curb in front of a non-descript office building . marlowe get out and lean in to pay the driver . int . cab marlowe ( hand she a bill ) Nice go , kid . buy yourself a orchid . cabby thanks . you can take my number in case you have any more job you want do right . ( indicate the serial number on she driver 's cap ) I mean this number . marlowe what number do you think I think you mean ? the cabby flustered clash the gear savagely , shoot the cab away . marlowe tip he hat to she and enter the building as she drive away . int . build - hallway at marlowe' office door marlowe open the door , which have Philip marlowe in gilt letter on the upper glass . int . marlowe' office - the waiting room a small room , cheaply furnish , with a close door in one wall . vivian sit wait for he , beautifully but simply dress , quite at ease . she seem in a better humor this Morning , smile at the surprised marlowe . 43 . vivian well , you do exist , after all . I would begin to think I dream you out of a bottle of bad gin . ( with underlying hint of seriousness ) I have be try to get you on the phone all morning . marlowe you can insult I just as well face to face . I do not bite -- much . vivian ( apologetically ) I be rather rude . marlowe ( smile ) a apology from a sternwood ? ( unlock the connect door , hold it for she ) come into my boudoir . 67 . int . marlowe' office like the wait room , it 's shabby and not large . the usual desk , chair , and filing cabinet . vivian ( sit ) you do not put on much of a front . marlowe you can not make much money at this trade , if you be honest . if you have a front , you be make money or expect to . vivian oh -- be you honest ? marlowe painfully . vivian ( take out a cigarette ) how do you get into this slimy business , then ? marlowe ( give she a look as he light it for she ) because people like you pay good money to have the slime clean up . 44 . she look away from he , angry hut not able to say anything . marlowe sit down behind the desk . marlowe what do you want to see I about ? Taylor ? vivian ( softly ) poor Owen . so you know about that . marlowe a d.a. 's man take I down to lido . turned out he know more about it than I do . he know Owen Taylor want to marry you sister -- once . vivian ( quietly ) perhaps it would not have be a bad idea . he be in love with she . we do not find much of that in we circle ... ( change she tone ) but I do not come to see you about Owen . do you feel yet that you can tell I what my father want you to do ? marlowe not without he permission . vivian be it about carmen ? marlowe I can not even say that . vivian watch he for a moment , then give in . she take a thick white envelope from she bag and toss it on the desk . vivian you would better look at this anyway . marlowe examine the envelope . 45 . vivian a messenger bring it this morning . marlowe eight-thirty - five it say -- for you or you father . he open the envelope , take out a medium -size photograph . we do not see the subject of the picture , but marlowe 's reaction be significant . he whistle softly . marlowe so that 's what carmen look like ! ( to vivian ) how much do they want for this ? vivian five thousand -- for the negative and the rest of the print . the deal have to be close tonight , or they give the picture to some scandal sheet . marlowe the demand come how ? vivian a woman telephone I , shortly after this thing be deliver . marlowe there 's nothing in the scandal sheet angle . jury convict on that racket without leave the box . what else be there ? vivian do there have to be something else ? marlowe nod -- he face be uncompromising . vivian ( give in again ) the woman say there be a police jam connect with it , and I would better lay it on the line fast or I would be talk to my little sister through a wire screen . marlowe ( deadpan , nodd ) what kind of a jam ? vivian I do not know . 46 . marlowe where 's carmen now ? vivian she 's at home -- still in bed , I think . she be sick last night . marlowe she go out at all ? vivian the servant say she do not . I be up at Las olindas across the State line play roulette at Eddie Mars ' cypress Club . I lose my shirt . ( take another cigarette -- laugh wryly ) marlowe ( get up to hold the match for she ) so you like roulette . you would . vivian yes , the sternwood all like lose game . the sternwood can afford to . the sternwood have money . ( bitterly ) all it 's buy they be a raincheck . marlowe what be Owen do with you car last night ? vivian nobody know . he take it without permission . do you think ...? marlowe he know about this photo ? ( shrugging ) I do not rule he out ... can you get five thousand in cash right away ? vivian I can borrow it -- probably from Eddie mars. ( sardonically ) there 's a bond between we , you see . shawn regan run away with Eddie 's blonde wife . 47 . marlowe ( turn away -- leave a pause ) you may need the money ina hurry . vivian how about tell the police ? marlowe you know better than that . the police might turn up something they could not sit on -- and then where would the sternwood be ? ( after a pause ) how be it leave ? vivian the woman say she would call I back with instruction at five . marlowe okay -- call I here as soon as you have hear from she . vivian can you do anything ? marlowe I think so . but I can not tell you how -- or why . vivian I like you . you believe in miracle . marlowe ( laugh ) I believe in people believe they be smarter than they be -- if that 's a miracle . have a drink ? he reach down into the desk drawer . vivian I will have two drink . marlowe grin at she . he come up with a bottle and two glass , fill they , and take one to she . they salute , start to drink and find that they eye have meet over the glass rim and refuse to come apart . vivian break it , not because she be shy or coy , but because suddenly there be a sadness in she face . her gaze drop briefly , then return to marlowe , clear , steady , and sad . 48 . vivian you be a lot like shawn regan . marlowe look at she , almost with tenderness and understanding . marlowe you want to tell I now or later ? vivian what ? marlowe what you be so anxious to find out . vivian it could not be -- you . marlowe let 's do one thing at a time . vivian ( rise ) I think we have do enough for one day ... marlowe ( gently ) want that other drink ? vivian ( go toward door ) no ... marlowe set he glass down on the desk and pick up the envelope . marlowe you forget this . she turn by the door as he approach , hold out she hand for the envelope . marlowe give it to she , but do not let go of it . they be not think about the envelope . slowly he bend to she -- she lean back against the wall , she lip parte , she eye soft , mist with tear . marlowe 's mouth cover hers . presently they break -- vivian put she hand on marlowe 's cheek . 68 . 69 . 49 . vivian ( softly ) you face be like shawn 's too -- clean and thin , with hard bone under it ... she turn , neither slowly nor fast , away from he , open the door , and go out . dissolve to : ext . laverne terrace - at marlowe' car - day park unobtrusively under some tree a reasonable distance from geiger 's house . marlowe sit patiently , wait , he hat push to the back of he head , he collar loosen , smoking quietly . presently , in b.g. in front of geiger 's house , carmen sternwood appear furtively around the far end of the hedge , and go quickly in through the gap lead to the front door . marlowe react , then get out , to follow she . mo . close shot - carmen stand in a attitude of terror , she back press against the wall beside the front door to geiger 's house , stare at marlowe as he enter . she raise one hand and clenches she tooth on she thumb , stare at he . the terror fade a little as she recognize he . she wear coat , hat , veil , etc . marlowe remember I now , do not you ? doghouse Reilly , the man that do not grow very tall . remember ? carmen ( make a effort to seem natural ) be this you doghouse ? marlowe sure . let 's go inside , huh ? carmen ( shrink , cring ) Inside ? marlowe you want to get in , do not you ? he push she away , unlock the door , push it inward . 70 . 50 . marlowe in with you . he shove carmen in ahead of he , follow . int . geiger' live room - carmen and marlowe carmen stand , look about the room , as marlowe shut the door and stand look at carmen . she feel he watch she , smile at he . he do not answer it . the smile fade . marlowe take out pack of cigarettes , offer it . she shake she head dumbly , stare at he . he light a cigarette . marlowe how much do you remember about last night ? carmen remember what ? I be sick last night . I be home . marlowe sure you be . I mean , before you go hone . in that chair yonder -- on that orange shawl while they be take picture . quit stalling . ( stare at he , she start to put she thumb in she mouth again ) and stop bite you thumb too . carmen you -- be the one ? marlowe me. how much do you remember ? carmen be you the police ? marlowe no . I 'ma friend of you father 's . ( a moment ) who kill he ? carmen ( faintly ) who else ... know ? 51 . marlowe about geiger ? not the police , or they would be camp here . ( a moment ) maybe Joe brody . carmen Joe brody ? who 's he ? marlowe sure . not Steve brody : Joe brody . do Joe kill he ? carmen kill who ? marlowe look sister . I do not know how much trouble you be accustom to , but I hope you have have plenty of practice dodging it . carmen ( nod she head ) yes . Joe do it . marlowe why ? ( she watch he out of the corner of she eye , bite she thumb ; he draw on cigarette , expel ) see much of he lately ? carmen no ! TI hate he ! marlowe so you be all ready to tell the cop he do it , huh ? ( quickly , as she stare at he ) that be , if we can just get rid of that photograph geiger make last night . carmen photograph ? what photograph ? she turn she give 52 . marlowe ( drag at cigarette , expel smoke ) just like last night . what a scream we be . sternwood and Reilly , two stooge in search of a comedian . carmen you name be not Reilly . it 's marlowe . vivian tell I . marlowe so you be beginning to remember . and you come back to look for the photograph , but you could not get into the house . ( she stare at he ) the photo 's go . I look for it last night . brody take it with he . carmen I have get to go home now . marlowe sure . but I would not tell the police about brody yet . do not even tell a soul you be ever here -- either last night , or today . Net even vivian . leave it to doghouse Reilly . where 's you car ? carmen on the back street , where nobody would see it . to go out as he turn to follow . marlowe you be not go to tell anybody we be here , be you ? carmen ( give he a swoon look ) it depend . I never tell on people who be nice to I . he a languish , swoon , invite look , so that she attitude be a caricature of what she more brilliant and vivid sister 's might be . marlowe grasp she arm almost savagely , turn she toward the door . marlowe come on . get out of here -- 53 . he stop ; they both react as feet SOUND beyond the doer approach , they pause dead as the bell ring . while they stand stare at each other , carmen drool almost with terror , the bell ring again , cease , then SOUND of key at the lock and a moment later the door open and eddie mar enter quickly and then stop dead , stare at they . he be a handsome , hard , horsy - look man in beautiful , restrain , expensive clothes , who stand stare at they with complete composure for a moment . then he look at carmen , shut the door , take he hat off . mar Excuse the casual entrance . the bell do not answer . be Mr. geiger around ? marlowe no . we do not know just where he be . we find the doer open and step in . mar I see . Friends of he ? marlowe just business . we drop in for a book . Mars stare hard at marlowe , who stare just as hard back . marlowe but we miss he . ( take carmen 's arm , push she toward door to pass Mars ) so we will trot along . as marlowe be about to shoulder Mars aside to pass , Mars himself step aside until carmen have pass he , then he move in between marlowe and the door . mar the girl can go . but I would like to talk to you a little . marlowe stare at he , then make a slight motion toward the gun inside he coat . mar do not try it . I have get two boy outside in the car . he turn , open the door , carmen scuttle through it . Mars shut the door behind she , look about the room . 54 . mar ( put hat back on ) there 's something wrong around here . I intend to find out what it be . if you want to pick lead out of yourself , go ahead . marlowe a tough guy . Mars make no answer . he walk on into the room , look around . marlowe watch he . marlowe I suppose it 's all right if I smoke . Mars do not answer . he look about , see the totem pole , be astonished , approach it , stop suddenly as he move the small rug over the bloodstain with he foot , then kneel swiftly out of sight for a instant beyond the desk . when he rise , he be face marlowe and he hand be just emerge from inside he coat , hold a luger pistol . mar blood . on the floor there , under the rug . quite a lot of blood . marlowe ( in interested tone ) be that so ? Mars slide into the chair behind the desk , still watch marlowe , hook the telephone toward he with the pistol - barrel , then shift the pistol to he leave hand and put he right hand on the phone but without raise it . mar I think we will have some law . marlowe approach while Mars watch he , and look down at the stain , pretend to have see it for the first time . marlowe that 's old blood . dried . mar just the same , we will have some law . marlowe why not ? mar just who be you anyway ? 55 . marlowe marlowe 's the name . I 'ma private detective . mar who 's the girl ? marlowe a client . geiger be try to throw a loop on she . we come to talk it over . he be not here . mar convenient -- the door be open , when you do not have a key . marlowe be not it ? by the way , how would you happen to have one ? mar be that any of you business ? marlowe I could make it my business . mar ( smile tightly ) and I could make you business mine . marlowe you would not like it . the pay 's too small . mar I own this house . geiger be my tenant . now what do you think of it ? marlowe you know some nice people . mar I take they as they come . ( he glance down at the pistol , shrug , put it back inside coat ) get any idea , detective ? 56 . marlowe one or two . somebody gun geiger . somebody get gun by geiger , who run away . or geiger be run a cult and make blood sacrifice in front of that barber pole there . or he have meat for dinner and do he butcher in the front parlor . ( Mars scowl at he ) all right . I will give up , then . call you friend downtown . mar I do not get it . I still do not get you game here . marlowe do not you , Mr. Mars ? Mars stare et marlowe , who meet he stare steadily . Mars ' face be now hard . mar you seem to be tell I geiger be in a racket of some sort . what racket ? marlowe I do not know . I be not he landlord . and I will tell you something else you miss . somebody clean out whatever be in that back room in he bookshop today . Mars stare at marlowe a long moment . marlowe take out a cigarette deliberately , be start to light it . mar you talk too much . while marlowe stand , the cigarette in he mouth , the matchbox rest in he hand , Mars suddenly whip out the pistol again , hold it on marlowe , and whistle shrilly . SOUND of car door slamming off , then running feet . mar open the door . marlowe open it yourself . I have already get a client . 57 . Mars rise , still hold the pistol on marlowe , cross toward the door as the SOUND of feet reach the door and the knob be rattle from outside . Mars reach the door open it . two man plunge into the room , already reach inside they coat . one be a young hoodlum , good -look , pale - face boy , the other be older , slim , deadpan . mar ( jerk he head at marlowe ) look he over ... the slim man flick out a short pistol , cover marlowe . the boy approach , search marlowe , who turn , help the boy search he with the burlesque air of a bored beauty modeling a gown in a shop . boy okay . no iron . mar find who he be . the boy draw marlowe 's wallet from he breast pocket , flip it open , study the content . boy a shamus . he strike . marlowe , move faster , catch he wrist , wrench it suddenly and sharply , so that in the next instant the wallet be in marlowe 's hand . the boy react angrily , but Mars stop it . mar ( sharply ) that will do . beat it . the boy stop sullenly , glaring at marlowe . mar ( coldly vicious ) I say , outside . the two guard withdraw , exit . mar all right . talk . marlowe deliberately finish lighting the cigarette , inhale . 58 . marlowe not to you . I tell you I have already get a client . mar who be it clean out the back of geiger 's store ? marlowe quite a shower yesterday . do it rain up there at Las olindas ? mar ( slap the pistol angrily down on the desk ) I might even make it worth you while to talk to I . marlowe that 's the spirit . leave the gun out of it . I can always hear money . how much of it be you clinking at I ? mar ( slam the desk again with the flat pistol ) I ask you a question , and you ask I another . my guess be , you need some help yourself . so cough up . marlowe not I . it 's geiger 's kinfolk that need help -- provide a man like geiger have anybody who love he and will care who bump he off . so I would better give what I know to the Law . which put it in the public domain and do not leave I anything to sell . so I guess I will drift . marlowe make a move to lift the gun , but do not . marlowe ( easily ) by the way , how 's Mrs. Mars this day ? Mars ' hand jerk at the gun , almost lift it , pause . he glare at marlowe . 71 . 72 . 73. 59 . mar ( almost whisper : raging inside ) beat it . get out of here . marlowe move easily and unhurriedly toward the door . ext . STREET - before geiger' house as marlowe get into he car . a short distance behind it Mars ' car be park , the two guard in it . marlowe drive away . he expect a shot perhaps . as he drive away he burlesque it : hold he hand out the window as if he be testing the air for rain . he drive on . dissolve to : int . marlowe' office - evening - marlowe sit at he desk , the phone pull up in front of he . he smoke nervously -- he seem to have be wait some time -- and glance at he wristwatch . the phone ring . he grab it . marlowe yeah ... what 's the news ?... nothing -- you mean they have not call you ? ( smile sardonically ) Mrs. rutledge ... you be not a very good liar . I think you be go to trust I ... ( jerk the phone away from he ear with exaggerated haste ) why , Mrs. rutledge ! the phone click loudly as the other end be slam down on the hook . marlowe replace he instrument slowly . he be not clowning now . he speak softly to the telephone as though to vivian herself , half in admiration , half in anger . marlowe you crazy darn fool ... he pick up he hat and go out . ext . randall place - night on marlowe , park a few door from the randall arm , obviously wait for something . 74 . 75 . 76 . 60 . ext . randall place - at the randall arm - night as vivian drive up , park , and enter the apartment . ext . randall place - night marlowe get out of he car and walk toward the randall arm . int . upper railway - at stairhead - night as marlowe climb the last step . he walk down the hall to 405 and press the bell . in one of the other apartment a radio play softly . presently the door of 405 open noiselessly , just wide enough to show the man who stand behind it -- joe brody , whom we have see before , in the back room of geiger 's store and later drive the panel truck . he look steadily at marlowe and do not speak . his right hand hold the door . a cigarette smolder in the corner of he mouth . marlowe geiger ? brody ( after a pause , deadpan ) you say what ? marlowe geiger . Arthur gwynne geiger . the guy with the blackmail racket . brody 's right hand drop slowly out of sight -- we get the impression he 's reach for a gun . brody do not know anybody by that name . marlowe give he a hard smile . brody do not like the smile . marlowe you be Joe brody ? brody so what ? marlowe so you be Joe brody -- and you do not know anybody name geiger . that 's very funny . 77 . 61 . brody yeah ? you get a funny sense of humor , maybe . take it away and play it somewhere else . marlowe lean against the door and give he a dreamy smile . marlowe you get geiger 's stuff , Joe . I get he sucker list . we ought to talk thing over . brody ( glance sideways into the room , then back to marlowe ) there 's plenty of time to talk . make it tomorrow , bud . he start to close the door . marlowe bare he tooth and shove the door in against brody , viciously . marlowe ( pleasantly ) we will make it now . int . brody's apartment - night a pleasant room , nicely furnish . french window open onto a balcony ; near the window a close door , and near the entrance another door with a heavy curtain draw across it . marlowe close the entrance door behind he , not take he eye from brody . brody stand still , he hand freeze underneath he coat , he eye wolfish . presently he break , let he hand drop . brody ( shrugging -- turn away ) why not , if you think you get something . marlowe smile , glance at the curtain doorway . a woman 's shoe show below the edge . marlowe you alone , Joe ? brody ( meaningfully ) yeah . marlowe lift the curtain , high enough to show a very spiffy leg -- vivian 's , in fact . he admire it . 62 . marlowe I could be alone with that almost any time . he drop the curtain again , go to the davenport , and sit down , toss he hat beside he . brody pick up a box of cigar from a nearby table , walk to a easy chair opposite marlowe , and sit . brody well , I be listen . he drop he cigarette stub into a tray and put a cigar between he lip . brody cigar ? he toss one to marlowe through the air . as marlowe reach out to catch it brody take a Police special out of the cigar box and cover marlowe , who relax slowly , like a steel spring . brody okay , stand up . slow . marlowe ( not move , smile sardonically ) my , my -- such a lot of gun around town , and so few brain . you be the second guy I have meet today who seem to think a gat in the hand mean the world by the tail . ( derisively ) put it down , Joe . ( as Joe do not move , only look nastier ) the other guy 's name be Eddie Mars . ever hear of he ? brody no. marlowe if he ever get wise to where you be last night in the rain -- you will hear of he . brody ( deadpan , but lowering the gun ) what would I be to Eddie Mars ? 63 . marlowe not even a memory . brody do not get I wrong . I be not a tough guy -- just careful . marlowe you be not careful enough . that play with geiger 's stuff be terrible . I see it , you know . I do not think geiger 's boy friend like it . brody Carol lundgren ? that punk . marlowe yeah . punk burn , sometimes . ( raise he voice to the curtain door ) you might as well come out , vivian . brody decide not to shoot I just yet . ( as the curtain part slightly to show vivian , undecided ) oh , yeah , and bring the blonde with you . vivian come out , follow by agnes . vivian look strain , angry , indomitable . agnes look merely vicious . marlowe ( to agnes ) hello , sugar . agnes ( sourly ) hello -- trouble ! agnes flounce down on the arm of a overstuff chair . brody watch , he eye hard and narrow , expressionless . vivian stand look down at marlowe . she be definitely not glad to see he . marlowe so you do not really believe in miracle -- or I . vivian I have learn not to believe in anything . I do not need you , marlowe . I do not know how you get here , but I do not want you . will you get out ? 64 . marlowe but darling , the man with the gun will not let I . look -- he 's all bother and curious , wonder about stuff . brody ( menacingly ) yeah -- you bet I be wonder . ( look sharply from vivian to marlowe , then to agnes ) agnes -- put some more light on so I can see to shoot if I have to . ( to vivian , as agnes switch on a floor lamp ) you -- sit down , and keep quiet . vivian Joe , I swear I do not have anything to do ... marlowe ( attempt to draw she down beside he ) do not argue with the man . here ... ( take vivian 's handbag , hefting it to assure himself the wad of bill be still inside , and grin with satisfaction , place bag on couch ) sit on this , baby ... go ahead . you will not need it . vivian marlowe , you be ruin everything . marlowe ( finally lose patience , yanking she down bodily ) sit down ! vivian struggle with he angrily . marlowe put he arm around she and smile mockingly at brody , who raise he gun slightly , with unpleasant significance . brody okay , fella . give out . he rise , he sheer 65 . marlowe ( shaking he head ) uh-uh , Joe -- you be do the give . brody ( lean forward , menacingly ) listen ... marlowe sure , sure -- you be the hard boy with the gun . okay -- go ahead , blow hole in I . that will not take the cop off you neck . brody what cop ? marlowe the cop that be go to find out where all that lead in geiger come from . pace with nervous catlike energy as he talk , ease and conviction hold brody motionless . marlowe you shot geiger , last night in the rain . the trouble be he be not alone when you whiff he . either you do not notice that -- and I think you do -- or you get scared and run . but you have nerve enough to take the plate out of he camera , and you have nerve enough to come back later and hide he corpse , so you could clean out he store before the law know it have a murder to investigate . brody ( dangerously quiet ) it 's kind of lucky for you I do not kill geiger . marlowe you can hold you breath for it , just the same . brody you think you get I frame . 66 . marlowe do not go simple on I , Joe . I tell you there be a witness . brody ( suddenly see the light ) carmen ! that little ... she would -- just that ! vivian react to this -- marlowe put he hand strongly on she shoulder , hold she quiet ! marlowe ( laugh ) I think you have that picture of she . for a moment nobody move . there be a feel of predatory animal ; cage and wait . vivian look slowly up into marlowe 's face . then brody put he gun down on a end table by he chair . brody let 's all calm down here . let 's all just sit quiet a minute and think . ( to marlowe ) who be you ? and what do you get out of this ? marlowe I be just a guy pay to do other people 's laundry . and all I get out of it be that picture of carmen . brody what picture ? marlowe ( as to a child ) oh , Joe ! he sit down beside vivian again , talk to she as though brody be not present . marlowe how do you like that ? he drop the whole thing in my lap , and then he say " what picture " ? ( to agnes ) poor aggie . I hate to think of you stand outside the gas chamber watch he while he choke . 67 . agnes ( to brody ) Joe ... brody shut up . ( to marlowe ) how do you get to I ? marlowe I never see so many street lead to one place in my life . everywhere I turn I fall over Joe brody -- and I be do a lot of turn . brody so carmen say I gun he . marlowe with the photo in hand , I might be able to convince she she be wrong . brody ( after a pause , scowling ) I be not say I have or have not get the photo . I be only say I be break . agnes and I be down to nickel , and we get to move on for a while till this geiger thing cool off . marlowe no dough from my client . brody ( to vivian -- with cold fury ) so you do go to somebody after all . ( rise ) all right ! I do not need you five grand . I can take you off my back marlowe , and I can get the cop take off . I get a connection , see ? I get a handle on something big enough to turn this town upside down -- marlowe why have not you pull it ? brody I be go to . and what I get out of it will make you five grand look like a roll of nickel . 68 . agnes Joe -- you be not gonna do it . you can not go up against Eddie Mars , he will -- brody ( furiously ) shut up ! you have to let that big mouth run off in front of -- he be interrupt by the sudden ringing of the doorbell . they hold it , all of they apprehensive of who may be on the other side of the door , while the ringing stop and become a insistent rapping . brody jerk open a desk drawer and draw out a bone-handled automatic , which he hand out to agnes . she take it , shaking nervously . brody indicate marlowe . brody ( to agnes ) if he get funny , use you own judgment -- and the dame , too . agnes sit on the arm of the davenport beside marlowe , the gun out of sight against he . marlowe , observe she shaking hand , be not happy . brody put he own gun in he pocket , leave he hand on it , and open the door . carmen sternwood push he back in the room , use a tiny revolver which she push against he hip . carmen kick the door shut behind she ; agnes leap up , stand out of marlowe 's reach , she gun waver between he and carmen . she remain oblivious of the other people in the room . vivian react to she entrance , but say nothing . marlowe sit still , automatically stroking the sleepy cat . carmen ( to brody , with quiet viciousness ) I want my picture , Joe . brody be scared , play it very easy , back up as she follow he . brody take it easy , carmen . marlowe ( sharply , eyeing agnes ) carmen ... agnes ( to carmen ) get away from he , you . 69 . vivian rise sharply , also get out of marlowe 's reach ; she whip a small automatic out of she coat pocket . vivian ( to agnes , try to watch she and brody at the same time ) let she alone . ( to brody , move toward he ) Joe , if you dare to hurt she ... marlowe this be cute . have not anybody else get a gun ? -- we can play ring around the rose . carmen ( ignore they all -- to brody ) you shot Arthur geiger . I see you . I want my picture . marlowe for Pete 's sake , all of you -- relax ! no one hear he . the three woman continue to behave like nervous cat -- the lead may start fly at anybody , any minute . brody still have he hand in he pocket ; he may blast carmen -- and marlowe , gunless , sit in the middle of the possible crossfire . vivian be closer to he than agnes , have move beyond the hamper arm of the couch . marlowe move abruptly . grabbing the couch cushion which vivian have just vacate , he sling it at agnes , knock she off balance and down . almost as a continuation of the same movement marlowe make a dive for vivian 's leg . she fall on top of he , they struggle for the gun , and vivian bite marlowe 's wrist . he whacks she across the side of the head with he free hand , wrench the gun free and stand up . carmen 's attention have be distract slightly by this dust - up , and brody strike at she gun hand . the gun go off , make a small sharp crack , shatter a pane of glass in the french window , then skitter out of carmen 's hand and across the floor . agnes let go a frighten bleat and collect herself , about to fire at carmen . marlowe make a quick rush , kick the gun out of she hand , and put he foot on carmen 's gun just as carmen get there , she hand and knee , reach . she put she hand on marlowe 's foot , and then look up at he , sidewise , and giggle . he bend over and pat she on the back . 70 . marlowe get up , angel . you look like a pekinese . she draw back and rise as marlowe scoops up she gun with he leave hand and drop it in he pocket . the gun he have take from vivian still dominate the room . marlowe everybody -- stand still . they do , and he walk over and pick up agnes ' gun , stick that on in he hip pocket . brody be wiping the nervous sweat off he face -- agnes and vivian still crouch half stunne on the floor . marlowe laugh . marlowe my , do not we have fun ! you can get up now , kiddie . ( walk over to brody ) all right , joe. give . brody go sullenly to the desk , open a secret compartment , and pull out a fat envelope , hand it to marlowe . marlowe glance at the content . marlowe sure this be all of it ? brody yeah . now will you dust , so I can air out the room ? marlowe turn as the sternwood girl approach he . carmen give he a languish smile and hold out she hand for the envelope . carmen can I have they now ? marlowe I will take care of they for you . he hand the envelope to vivian , who thanks he with she eye . marlowe ( to carmen and vivian ) you would better go on home now . carmen continue to look at he , sidelong , bite she thumb . carmen you will take care of carmen , will not you ? 71 . marlowe check . carmen could I have my gun back ? marlowe later . carmen you be awfully cute . marlowe yeah . ( stop vivian as she pass he , head toward the door ) countess -- you forget something . he pick up she bag off the davenport and hand it to she -- the scene 's almost a repetition of the one in marlowe 's office , with marlowe still hold the handbag . marlowe do I hurt you head much ? vivian ( softly ) you -- and every other man I ever meet . she go out . carmen follow she , but at the door she turn impulsively , fling she arm around marlowe 's neck and kiss he . carmen I like you . she run off down the hall . marlowe look at she , puzzle by she unusual attitude . he close the door and turn again to brody and agnes . agnes , considerably scratch up , give he a snakely glare as she pat she wound with a handkerchief . brody I get enough of you , chum . marlowe yeah , but there 's still some unfinish business . what 's this handle you get on Eddie Mars that 's big enough to turn the town upside down ? 72 . brody listen -- you get you picture -- you get nothing more on I . get outta here . marlowe sure , I can go . you can go , too . up to quentin , to the big chair in the little room with the window . they stand outside , Joe , with stopwatch . they clock you in second , but from where you sit the century stink of cyanide , and they wrap around you throat , and a lot of people say it 's easier than hang -- I do not know . brody what be you try to do ? marlowe keep you neck out of a noose -- in return for some information . get a alibi for last night ? brody I be right here with agnes . marlowe ( pick up he hat ) okay , Joe . you can only die once , even for a couple of murder . brody stare at he as he turn to leave . agnes be scared -- she put she hand on brody 's shoulder . brody wait a minute . what do you mean -- a couple of murder ? marlowe but then , you do not have to worry , do you ? you get a connection . brody sit down . marlowe ( laugh , sit down on table edge ) where be you about seven-thirty last night ? 73. brody ( sullenly ) watch geiger 's place , to see if he have any friend too big for I to kick out of the way when I take over he business . it 's raining hard , I be shut up in my car , and I do not see anything except another car park in the alley below geiger 's . I look at it -- it 's a buick register to Mrs. rutledge . that 's all . nothing happen , and I get tired wait and go home . marlowe know where that buick be now ? brody how would I ? marlowe in the sheriff 's garage . it be fished out of twelve foot of water off lido pier this morning . there be a dead man in it , Owen Taylor , the sternwood 's chauffeur -- the guy you get the picture from . he would be sap and the car point out the pier and the hand throttle pull down . brody give marlowe a stricken look . agnes tighten she grip on he . agnes Joe , you do not ... brody shut up . ( to marlowe ) you can not hang that one on I . marlowe I can make a good try -- unless you talk and talk straight . brody all right , all right ! yeah , I hear the shot . I see this guy come slamm down the back step with something in he hand . ( more ) 74 . brody ( cont 'd ) he shoot off in the buick , and I follow he , and out of the highway he skid off the road and have to stop , so I stop too , and play cop . his nerve be bad , and I sap he down -- and I figure the film might be worth something , so I take it . that 's the last I see of he . marlowe uh-huh -- so Taylor give geiger the work , and ail for the love of little carmen . agh ! the sap !... how would you know it be geiger he shot ? brody seem like a good guess . when I see what be on the film I be sure , and when geiger do not show at the store this morning , agnes and I figure it be a good time to do ourselves some business . marlowe yeah , you figure , all right . you business yourself right into a hot box . brody yeah -- yeah , I guess I do . marlowe I get connection too , you know , with the d.a. 's office . if I know about Eddie Mars I might be able to cool you down some . agnes ( as brody hesitates ) go on , Joe -- tell he ! brody okay . it 's kind of a funny story . it be not about Eddie Mars , really -- it 's about he wife . I ... the doorbell start to ring . brody stand up , with agnes beside he . marlowe stay put . brody so she 's back again . 78 . 79 . 80 . 81 . 82. 83. 75 . marlowe if she be , she do not have she gun . do not you have any other friend ? brody ( crossing to the table , pick up the colt ) just about one . ( go angrily to the door ) I get enough of this . he open the door about a foot , with he leave hand , hold the colt ready by he thigh . it be impossible to see who stand in the hall . almost instantly two shot sound , close together . brody double up , fall forward against the door , slamm it shut . agnes react , but do not scream . marlowe leap up , haul brody away from the door -- brody be quite dead . marlowe run out . int . hallway - the randall arm - night as marlowe run toward the stair . a frighten woman peer out of a doorway , point to the stair . the SOUND of running feet come from the tread below . marlowe race to the stairway and down . int . foyer - the randall arm - night the front door be close itself quietly as marlowe race down the last flight of step . he go through the door catch it before it close . ext . randall place - the randall arm - night as marlowe come out , pause to get he bearing . ext . randall place - night - lundgren he run between two park car diagonally across the street , whirl to fire . ext . randall arm - night - marlowe as two shot sound -- we see the impact of the bullet on the wall beside marlowe , too close for comfort . ext . randall place - night - long shot - lundgren ( marlowe' angle ) as lundgren vanish behind park car , in the dense tree shadow , run hard . 84. 85 . 86 . 87 . 76 . ext . randall place - night as marlowe get in he car and head down the street , follow lundgren . dissolve to : ext . hollywood STREET - night a quiet residential street , with tree grow heavy along the parkway . marlowe 's car pull in to park . marlowe get out into the street , crouching low , and pull carmen 's little gun from he pocket . he walk back the way he have come , crouching for shelter behind the line of park car . aside from he the street be desert . ext . hollywood STREET - night - long shot - marlowe' angle as Carol lundgren walk unconcernedly along , approach marlowe . he seem to feel that he 's in the clear , even whistle softly as he walk . ext . hollywood STREET - marlowe - night as lundgren draw abreast of he , marlowe step from between the park car , hold the gun at he side . a unlight cigarette droops from he lip . marlowe get a match , bud ? lundgren stand still , take by surprise , not sure what to do . his hand rise instinctively to he leather jacket , but not inside . a siren wail off , go toward the randall arm -- lundgren turn he head instinctively toward the sound , and marlowe step in against he , the little gun jamme into lundgren 's midriff . marlowe I , or the cop ? lundgren get away from I . marlowe this be a small gun , kid . I can give it to you through the belly and in three month you will be well enough to walk the last mile up at quentin . 88 . 89 . 77 . lundgren hold it , glaring at marlowe , then relax . lundgren what do you want ? marlowe ( turn -- indicate car ) get into my car , kid . ( as lundgren obey -- slowly ) under the wheel . you drive . int . marlowe' car - night as lundgren slide under the wheel , from the curb side , and marlowe get in beside he , keep he cover . marlowe let 's go to laverne Terrace -- geiger 's house . ( pleasantly -- as lundgren start the car ) and by the way , Carol -- if you shot brody for friendship 's sake , you shot the wrong guy . lundgren give he a hard , nasty look and laugh . marlowe ( softly ) not all friendship , be it ? yeah , money talk , all right . it talk , and it 's breath smell of blood ... ( laugh to himself ) I tell brody that sometimes punk burn ... ext . geiger' house - at front door - night marlowe and lundgren stand on the footbridge . marlowe still carry the toy gun . he pull the key out of he pocket with he leave hand and give they to lundgren . marlowe you open it . lundgren start to take the key , then slam marlowe a quick , hard punch on the jaw . marlowe rock back , but do not fall -- he smile and throw the gun down at lundgren 's foot . 90 . 91 . 78. marlowe maybe you need this . lundgren go for the gun . as he bend down marlowe step in fast , bring he knee up into lundgren 's face . the force of the blow straighten lundgren up , and marlowe uncork a terrific leave . lundgren fall heavily . marlowe , unperturb , unlock the door , put the gun back in he pocket , and start to drag lundgren inside . dissolve to : int . geiger' house - live room - marlowe and lundgren lundgren be stretch out on the couch , he hand bound behind he , under he back . a single lamp shine down into he face . he have ble somewhat from the nose . marlowe sit on the couch , twisted sideways , so that lundgren 's head be strain back over he knee . marlowe help the strain by have he leave hand wound in lundgren 's hair . his manner be gentle , almost friendly . marlowe ( softly ) you be go to cop a plea , brother -- do not ever think you be not . and when you talk , you be go to say just what I want you to say , and nothing else . you hear I , sweetheart ? lundgren make no reply , stare stonily into the light . marlowe ( almost caressingly ) it 's you face , Carol . you can do what you want with it . he jerk lundgren 's head back harder and raise he free hand , bring it down . dissolve to : int . geiger' house - live room - night marlowe stand at the telephone , speak into the instrument . his face be bead with sweat , he collar open . he smoke jerkily -- we get the impression he have not enjoy slapping lundgren around . in b.g. lundgren lie on the couch , both hand over he face . 92 . 93. 79 . marlowe ( into phone ) hello , bernie ? -- yeah , marlowe . how you fix for red point , bernie ...? well , come on up to 7244 laverne Terrace -- I get some cold meat set out ... might interest you . dissolve to : int . geiger' bedroom - marlowe and ohls - night they stand by the bed , look down . geiger be laid out on the bed . two strip of chinese embroidery cover the wound on he breast , in the shape of a cross , he hand fold over they . the only light in the room come from two black candle burn on either side of the bed . ohls Nice gesture of friendship . lundgren ? marlowe yeah . ohl bend over , lift up the chinese embroidery , study geiger 's chest , then straighten up . ohls so that 's where the three slug go out of Owen Taylor 's gun . well , I can understand that . ( make a gesture of distaste ) let 's get out of here . int . geiger' sitting room - carol sprawle sideways on the couch , lean he head against the wall , show sign of he recent battle with marlowe . marlowe sit in b.g. , easily , smoking . ohl stand over Carol . ohl be annoyed with marlowe , show it in succeed scene . ohls ( to Carol ) do you admit shoot brody ? carol ( not move -- not open he eye ) take a jump , jack. 94 . 95 . 80 . marlowe ( through smoke ) he do not have to admit it . I have get the gun . ohls ( he rouse himself ) I have call wilde . come on . we will deliver this punk to he . he lean down , grasp Carol 's arm . ohls get up . ( Carol fling he hand off -- rise sullenly -- ohl move in beside he ) come on , marlowe . the d.a. will want to see the man that solve single - hand what we make bust on . and on the way to he , you and I will talk a little too . marlowe rise , follow as ohl take Carol out , snap off the light as he pass they and all exit . insert door letter : district attorney dissolve thru to : int . sumptuous district attorney office indicate a city of some size , wealth , etc . the d.a. sit behind he desk . he wear a dinner jacket , have be call hastily from a party obviously . at corner of the desk sit Captain cronjager of the city police homicide detail , in plain clothes . he be a cold , hatchet - face man obviously displease with the way thing have happen . ohl enter , follow by marlowe . ohls ( to wilde ) even , Chief . even , cronjager . ( he pull up a chair to sit down ) meet sherlock holme , gentleman . ( to marlowe ) grab yourself a chair -- unless you would rather be on you foot while cronjager give you a go -over . 81 . wilde sit down , marlowe . we will try to handle Captain cronjager . but I think you will admit you be go a little fast , will not you ? marlowe thanks . he sit down , take out a cigarette , hold it unlight in he hand . ohl and cronjager stare at he . ohls fast be right . but just wait and watch he go when he foot finally do slip . ( to cronjager ) maybe you would better tell sherlock holme here what else you get on the randall place kill . cronjager a blonde . down on the street , try to start a car that do not belong to she . hers be right next to it , the same model . she act rattle , so the boy bring she in and she spill . claim she do not see the killer . ohls ( still riding marlowe ) he 's in the back office now -- handcuff . here 's the gun . he take Carol 's gun from he pocket , drop it on the desk . cronjager look at the gun , but without touch it . after a moment wilde chuckle , enjoy cronjager 's discomfiture and ohl ' annoyance . ohls but that 's just one of they . ( he stare at marlowe while he address cronjager ) you hear about a car be lift out of the surf at lido pier this morning with a dead guy in it ? marlowe ( mildly ) do you have to be coy about it ? 82 . ohls ( stare at marlowe -- address cronjager with malicious sarcasm ) sure . the guy they find drown in the car shot another guy last night in you territory ; a guy name geiger who run a racket in the back room of a bookstore on the boulevard . the punk I get in the back office work for geiger . ( to marlowe ) you be on the air . let 's have it . marlowe that 's all . when I finally locate the lad that move the pack case out of geiger 's back room , geiger 's blonde secretary be with he . it be brody . while I be try to persuade brody to tell what become of the pack case , the doorbell ring again and brody open the door and somebody shot he twice . you know the rest of it . ( he light he cigarette ) ohls except what be in the pack case -- yes . marlowe ( smoking ) brody do not tell I . ohls ( stare at marlowe ) you see , cronjager ? even as smart as he be , he 's get to guess sometimes , too . marlowe my guess be the same as yours . Black mailing stuff . geiger 's customer must have be wear a path across that rug , come in to knock on that lock door and pay they monthly installment . 83 . ohls ( stare at marlowe ) that 's right , cronjager . maybe sherlock 's even go to show we he evidence for guess that . marlowe do you folk still guess when you have evidence ? wilde ( sharply ) that 's enough of this . ( to marlowe ) so Taylor kill geiger because he be in love with the sternwood girl . and brody follow Taylor , sap he and take the photograph and push Taylor into the ocean . and the punk kill brody because the punk think he should have inherite geiger 's business and brody be throw he out . marlowe that 's how I figure it . wilde ( extend he hand ) let 's see you evidence . ohls give , pal . hiding murder . spend a whole day fox around so that this punk of geiger 's can have plenty of time to commit another one . marlowe take from he coat and put on the desk before wilde the three note and geiger 's card to General stern wood , and the notebook with its code list of name . wilde look at they , light a cigar . ohl and cronjager rise and look at the article over wilde 's shoulder . marlowe smoke quietly . wilde ( after a time ) this note . if General sternwood pay they , it would be because he be afraid of something else . do you know what he be afraid of ? marlowe no. 84 . wilde stare at marlowe . wilde ( after a moment ) have you tell you story complete ? marlowe I leave out some personal matter . ( they stare at each other ) I intend to keep on leave they out . wilde why ? marlowe I have still get a client . you recommend I to he through bernie . my first duty be to he . wilde , ohl and cronjager all stare at marlowe . he smoke quietly . wilde , stare at marlowe , make a slight signal with he hand . ohls ( to d.a. ) okay . but you be waste time . if you would let I handle sherlock ... wilde that will do , bernie . ohls ( to cronjager ) I want to surrender a prisoner to you . come on . ( he go toward door -- cronjager follow . as ohl open the door he pause and look back at marlowe . to marlowe : ) I like you . better and better . some day I be go to like you so well I will not be able to bear have you out of my sight . he and cronjager exit , close the door . wilde puff he cigar , stare at marlowe . marlowe smoke quietly . wilde ( after a time ) do you know why I be not tear you ear off ? 85 . marlowe I expect to lose both of they . wilde ( smoking -- watch he steadily -- after a time ) what be you get for all this ? marlowe twenty - five a day and expense . wilde and for that money you be willing to get yourself in dutch with the law enforcement of this county , maybe lose you license ? marlowe ( quietly ) I have still get a client . wilde be he still just a client ? ( marlowe do not answer -- smoking ) listen to I , son . my father be a close friend of old General sternwood . I like he as well as you do . I have do all my office permit -- maybe a good deal more -- to save he from grief . but in the long run , nothing can save he except die . marlowe yeah -- the big sleep . that will cure he grief . wilde it cure all the grief ... you really do not know yet what General sternwood want with you ? marlowe yes . to settle this business with geiger . wilde he 's afraid that ex- bootlegger regan , that he take up about a year ago , be mix up in this somewhere . what he really want be for you to find out that regan be not . 96 . 97 . 86 . marlowe regan 's no blackmailer . I know he . wilde shrug slightly . wilde maybe you would better find he and prove it . marlowe maybe I have . marlowe rise . he indicate the object on the desk . marlowe can I have this ? wilde look again at the object , then he take up the notebook contain the code name and address , open the desk drawer , drop the book in and shut it , push the other thing across the desk toward marlowe . wilde take they . dissolve to : ext . hobart arm apartment - marlowe - night as he unlock the entrance , enter . int . lobby - marlowe as he enter , be shutting the door when a man , the only occupant , sit with a newspaper in a lobby chair , lower the paper . it be the young hoodlum who be with Mars at geiger 's house this morning . he rise , flick he cigarette stub into a pot palm and thrust the tip of he right hand into the V of he coat-opene . bodyguard ( jovially ) well , well , if it be not hawkshaw himself . the boss want to talk to you . marlowe what about ? bodyguard what do you care , hawkshaw ? just keep you nose clean . let the boss do all the think and ask the question . 98 . 87 . marlowe ( drop hand into side pocket ) I be too tired to talk . too tired to think too . but if you think I be too tired to refuse to take order from Eddie Mars -- try get you gat out before I shoot that good ear off . ( bodyguard stare at he -- undecided ) bodyguard a comedian , huh ? marlowe yeah . I be go to die laugh in just about a minute . bodyguard ( baffle ) you be not get no gun . have you forget about this morning ? marlowe that be this morning . I be not always barefoot . the bodyguard stare at marlowe a while longer . then he wave he leave hand airily . bodyguard okay , hot shot ! you win . but do not let it go to you head , see ? ( move toward the door ) you will hear from we . marlowe too late will be too soon . the bodyguard cross to the street door , exit . then marlowe follow to the door , see it be lock , turn , he lip twisted in contempt , and cross toward elevator . int . marlowe' apartment - marlowe as he enter , snap on light , toss he hat onto the bed , take carmen sternwood 's little pistol from he pocket , toss it onto table beneath the lamp , cross to bookcase on which a bottle of whiskey sit , take up the bottle and go on to the kitchen , exit . over SOUND of refrigerator door , clink of glass , etc . lap dissolve to : 99 . 100 . 88. close shot - marlowe at table beneath the lamp , half - emptied highball beside he , as he finish clean carmen 's pistol . he close the pistol , and hold it in he leave hand , he gather up the remain tiny shell he have remove from it , examine they , shrug sardonically , toss they into desk drawer close drawer and be fold a grease rag about the pistol when the telephone ring . he put the pistol on the desk and turn . close shot - marlowe at telephone he hold the receiver lower somewhat , so that Mars ' harsh voice come clearly from it . mar ' voice so you be tough tonight . marlowe sleepy , too . what can I do for you , mister Mars ? mar ' voice cop over there -- you know where . do you keep I out of it ? marlowe what do you think ? mar ' voice listen , soldier . I be nice to be nice to . marlowe you listen . maybe you will hear my tooth chatter . mar ' voice ( laugh shortly ) do you -- or do you ? marlowe I do . I do not know why , but I do . mar ' voice thanks , soldier . who gun he ? marlowe somebody you never hear of . let it go at that . 101 . 89 . mar ' voice if that 's on the level , someday I may be able to do you a favor . marlowe you can now . hang up and let I go to bed . mar ' voice ( laugh again ) you be look for shawn regan , be not you ? marlowe everybody I meet seem to think I be . but I be not . mar ' voice if you be , I could give you a idea . drive up to the club and see I . any time . marlowe thanks . mar ' voice be see you then . the other receiver click . marlowe put he receiver down slowly , sit a moment , thoughtful . he seem to be wait for something . he take out a cigarette , have just strike the match when the phone ring . without move he blow out the match and wedge the paper stem into the telephone bell , muffle it , so that it now merely buzze , steadily as whoever it be continue to ring . then he strike another match , light the cigarette , rise and begin to unknot he tie as he walk out of shot . the muffle telephone buzze , the light snap off , leave the room in darkness . the muffle phone continue to buzz as whoever it be keep on ringing . fade out . fade in : establishing shot - door lettere : Bureau of miss person dissolve thru to : 102 . 90 . int . office day - marlowe marlowe seat , face across the desk Captain Gregory , a slow , burly man who look dull and stupid but be not . Gregory in plain clothes look at marlowe 's credential , look up . gregory private , eh ? what can I do for you ? marlowe I be work for General guy sternwood . the d.a. know he . gregory I know who he be too . do the d.a. send you here ? marlowe be not you information available to anybody , unless it ' a homicide matter ? gregory do the d.a. send you here ? marlowe no. gregory do he know you be come ? marlowe ( after a moment -- take out cigarettes ) mind if I smoke ? gregory go ahead . marlowe ( light up ) thanks . gregory what do you want ? marlowe I want to know what become of a man name shawn regan , who use to work for General sternwood . g 1 . gregory I do not know where he be . he scrammed -- pull down the curtain , and that 's that . marlowe will you give I what you have get on he ? Gregory ring a bell on desk -edge . the door open , a middle - age woman secretary enter . gregory get I the file on shawn regan , Abba . the woman exit . marlowe smoke . Gregory take up a char pipe , dig tobacco dottle deliberately from it , be about to fill it when the woman enter , lay a official file on the desk , exit . Gregory put down the pipe , put on glass , open the file . gregory he blow on the sixteenth of September . no one report it . we get into it by find the car . it be the chauffeur 's day off , so nobody at sternwood 's see regan take he car out of the garage . we find the car four day later in a garage belong to a ritzy bungalow court on sunset . the garage man report it to the steal car detail ; say it do not belong there . we could not find who it belong to . marlowe and of course Eddie Mars ' wife could not tell you , because she have disappear too . gregory ( stare at marlowe a moment ) if you know so much already , why do you come to I ? marlowe sorry . go ahead . gregory so you have be talk to some sternwood about regan . 92 . marlowe why not ? you just say nobody have accuse anybody of any crime yet . gregory yes , Mrs. Mars be go too , disappear within two day of the day regan 's car be leave in the garage . marlowe what be the angle ? gregory Mrs. Mars live in the apartment the garage belong to . regan be know to carry a roll , fifteen grand , in he clothes all the time -- marlowe yes . I have hear that . gregory it do not seem to have be any secret to anybody that regan be sweet on Mars ' wife . marlowe so it look like they go off together . gregory regan have fifteen grand in cash with he . Mrs. Mars have some rock , and a car of she own -- make two car available . everything disappear but one of the car . marlowe what do she look like ? have you get a photograph ? gregory no ... a blonde . she will not be now though . marlowe what be she before she marry Mars ? gregory a torcher . 103 . 104 . 93. marlowe maybe she be not anything now . maybe neither of they be . gregory you be think of Eddie Mars . you be wrong . Mars be a business man , and a good one . jealousy 's a luxury -- murdering for it , at least -- that a man like Eddie Mars know he can not afford . marlowe so , as far as you be concerned , Mars be out . gregory Mars be out . and , until something more turn up , we be too . marlowe ( rise ) and so be I , it look like . there 's no law on my book either against a man with fifteen grand go away with the woman he love . ( turn ) thanks . gregory ( close the file ) not at all . ( marlowe move toward the door ) give my best to the d.a . marlowe ( half halt -- be slyly kidd ) I will . he exit . ext . STREET - marlowe get into he car , drive away . as he do so , a coupe start up behind he , follow he . int . marlowe' car - moving - marlowe be aware that the other car be follow he , be sardonic , be careful to let the other car keep in sight of he . 105 . 106 . 94 . int . marlowe' office anteroom - marlowe enter , find norris wait for he . marlowe ( close door ) good morning , norris . norris ( rise ) good morning , Mr. marlowe . marlowe how 's the General this morning ? norris not so well , sir . I -- ah -- marlowe yeah ? what 's on you mind ? norris ( in sort of a rush ) I read the papers to he this morning . from -- ah -- certain item we assume that you investigation be now complete . marlowe yes , as regards geiger . I do not shoot he , though . norris quite so , sir . marlowe I guess you have call for the debris . norris the debris , sir ? marlowe ( crossing to other door ) this way . norris follow he . int . marlowe' office - marlowe at desk take out papers , even they , put they into envelope . 95 . marlowe there you be . Three note , and the card . norris ( steadily ) thank you , sir . Mrs. rutledge try several time to telephone you last night -- marlowe I know . I be busy get tight . norris ( put hand inside coat ) quite so , sir . ( he draw out check hand it to marlowe ) the General instruct I to hand you this . will it be satisfactory ? marlowe ( take check , glance at it , fold it ) five hundred . quite . norris ( curiously insistent ) and we may now consider the entire incident close ? marlowe ( get the overtone but cover completely , easily ) sure . tight as a vault with a bust time lock . norris thank you , sir . we all appreciate it . when the General be feel better , he will thank you himself . marlowe Fine . I will come out and drink some more of you brandy . maybe with champagne . norris ( depart ) I will see that some be properly iced , sir . 107 . 108 . 96 . he exit , close the door . marlowe 's air change now . he open the check slowly , look at it , speculatively . marlowe ( muse : aloud ) completely close ... completely close . he rouse , put the check into he wallet , go to phone , dial , speak into phone . marlowe hello ... let I speak to Eddie ... sure , Eddie ... phil marlowe . ( hold phone between head and shoulder , he take out cigarette , be about to light it , speak into phone , still hold cigarette and burn match in both hand ) hello , Eddie . I want to see you . I will drive up tonight ... check . dissolve to : establishing shot - insert : signboard stateline , nevada dissolve thru to : int . las olindas club entrance - night - marlowe check he hat and coat at counter . the slim , pasty - face bodyguard who have be with Mars and the other guard at geiger 's house enter , approach . marlowe hello . how 's the pistol - pack business up here ? bodyguard ( blandly ) better . we do not have so many amateur around . marlowe not amateur -- just sucker , huh ? bodyguard ( turn ) this way . 109 . 97 . marlowe follow he . int . mar ' private office - mar and marlowe the office be suave , restrain , well - furnish , show money . a wall safe in one wall , radio , liquor cabinet , comfortable chair , etc . Mars wear a well - cut , expensive dinner suit . he shake hand with marlowe as the bodyguard withdraw , shut the door . mar ( shaking hand ) take you a long time to get here , do not it ? marlowe I would not be here now if you have not hint you have something for I . mar ( turn to liquor cabinet , open it , start to fix drink ) what do you change you mind about ? about what you be after , or just about admit it ? marlowe , lighting a cigarette , do not answer . Mars prepare the highball , approach , hand one to marlowe . marlowe ( take drink ) thanks . Mars lean against the desk , elegant , hold he drink . mar a friend of yours be outside play the wheel . I hear she 's do well . Mrs. rutledge -- ( marlowe say nothing , drink ) I like the way you handle that yesterday . you make I sore at first . but I see now you know what you be do . you and I ought to get along . ( marlowe say nothing , drink , smoke . Mars watch he ) but I like to pay my check as I go along . how much do I owe you ? marlowe for what ? 98 . mar still cagey , huh ? marlowe all right . how much have you get that I can use ? mar ( wave hand , easy ) oh , that . I hear you have all the information already . marlowe I do not know . you do not bump regan off , do you ? mar no . so you think I do ? marlowe I come up here to ask you . mar ( stare at marlowe ) you be kid . marlowe yes , I be kid . I use to know regan . you have not get the man for that work . and while I think of it , do not send I any more gun punk . I might get nervous and shoot one of they . Mars stare at marlowe , lift glass and drink , stare at marlowe across the glass , lower the glass . mar you talk a good game , but I still think we can get along . be you look for regan , or not ? marlowe geiger be try to blackmail General sternwood . I finally figure out that at least half the General 's trouble be be afraid regan might be behind it . mar I see . well , sternwood can turn over now and go back to sleep . it be geiger 's own racket . I like to ( more ) 99 . mar ( cont 'd ) know who rent anything from I , so I do some inquire today myself . so if it be just geiger you be after , whoever gun he wash you and sternwood both up . marlowe ( set glass down , rise ) I guess that 's what the General think too since he pay I off today . ( Mars take up marlowe 's empty glass ) no thanks . no more . mar another will not hurt you . marlowe no thanks . mar ( set glass down ) I be sorry about that . I wish sternwood would hire you ona straight salary to keep this girl of he home at least a few night a week . ( he drain he glass , set it down , wipe he mouth ) they be plain trouble . the older one 's a pain in the neck around here . if she lose , she plunge , and I end up with a fist full of paper not even worth the ink on it . if she win , she take my money home with she . marlowe do not you get it back the next night ? you g g mar she 's spend it by then . marlowe and be back on the cuff , huh ? mind if I look the joint over ? mar go ahead . ( indicate small door ) that come out behind the table . 100 . marlowe thanks . I will go in with the other sucker . mar as you please . we be friend , be not we ? they shake hand . he exit . marlowe sure . mar maybe I can do you a real favor some day . marlowe maybe ! there 's just one thing puzzle I , Eddie . you do not seem in much of a rush to find you wife . from what I hear she 's not the kind of a wife a guy want to lose . could it be you know where she be -- with regan ? mar ( deadly quiet ) look , soldier ... what 's between I and my wife be between we . marlowe okay . sorry . ( he go to door , turn ) you do not have anybody watch I , tailing I around in a gray plymouth coupe , do you ? mar ( sharply , surprised , actually innocent of it ) no. a gray plymouth ? when ? marlowe then it do not matter . if it 's not you , it 's just a enemy . I can take care of he . Mars stare after he . 110 . 141 . 101 . int . casino - marlowe lean against small , swank bar , look into the gambling room , which be big , spacious , various small lay- out along the wall . at the end of the big room be three roulette wheel . the two outside one be desert ; even the croupier have be draw into the crowd which be pack densely about the middle one . in the center of the crowd vivian' head can be see as she play she win streak . marlowe be watch she . on the fringe of the crowd the waiter stand also , watch . all this be a build - up to show a phenomenal run which vivian be make . the barman lean on the bar behind marlowe barman she 's sure pick they tonight . she come here a lot , and from the way it 's be run for she , she 's due to pick they . put it 's be a long time since this place see anything like that . two man emerge from the crowd about the wheel and approach the bar , excitedly . the barman move to they , wait . first man ( to barman ) scotch and soda . ( the barman start the drink . the speaker mop he face ) Boy , I never see such a run . eight win and two stand - off in a row on that red . betting a grand at a crack too . barman ( serve the two drink ) a grand at a crack , huh ? I see a old horse - face in Havana once -- marlowe move away as the two man take up they drink . group at wheel - marlowe as he reach the crowd . the play have stop . the croupier of all three wheel be now face vivian across the table . a mass of bill , chip , etc. , before vivian . 102 . croupier if you will just be patient a moment , Madame . the table can not cover you bet . Mr. Mars will be here in a moment . vivian ( look about , cool , insolent , though she face show excitement ) what kind of a cheap outfit be this ? get busy and spin the wheel . I want one more play and I be play table stake . you take it away fast enough , I notice . but when it come to dish it out , you begin to whine . croupier the table can not cover you bet , Madame . ( indicate she pile ) you have over sixteen thousand dollar there . vivian it 's you money . do not you want it back ? a man ( beside she , much more excited than she be ) look , lady -- vivian ( turn on he , vicious , cut ) do you want another sixteen thousand of it ? the man fall back , discomfite . a door open in the wall behind the table . the crowd fall silent , turn , as Mars come out the door , smile , indifferent , immaculate , hand in he jacket pocket as he stroll to the table . mar something the matter , Mrs. rutledge ? ( she be about to speak when he continue , easily , courteous ) ( more ) 112 . 113 . 114 . 103 . mar ( cont 'd ) if you be not play any more , you must let I send someone home with you . vivian one more play , Eddie . all of it on the red . I like red . it 's the color of blood . Mars stare at she a second , smile faintly , take from he inner breast pocket a large pinseal wallet with gold corner , very elegant , and toss it carelessly to the croupier without open it . mar cover she bet in even thousand . ( to the gape crowd ) if no one object to this turn of he wheel be for the lady alone . ct the crowd remain breathless . vivian lean down and shove the whole mass of she winning savagely onto the red diamond of the layout , stand back . the croupier lean without haste and rapidly and skillfully count the money , stack it , place all but a few scattered chip and bill , rake this into a neat pile and push it off the layout with he rake , leave the bet on the red . then he open Mars ' wallet with the same detach deliberate swiftness , draw out two flat packet of thousand - dollar bill . he break the tape around one , count off six bill , add they to the unbroken packet , put the four other bill back into Mars ' wallet and lay the wallet aside as carelessly as if it be a packet of paper match . Mars do not touch the wallet . he stand as before , elegant , detach , courteous . the croupier spin the wheel with one hand , snap the ball into it with the other , draw back and fold he arm . close shot - vivian' face as she watch the spin wheel . close shot - wheel as it spin , slow , stop . group around table croupier Red . odd . second dozen . 115 . 116 . 117 . 118. 104 . vivian laugh , triumphant , for the first time she excitement seem to come through as she let go for the moment . then she stop , watch the croupier add the bill to she bet , then with the rake shove the whole thing across to she . Mars smile faintly , expressionless still , take up the wallet , put it back into he pocket , go back to the door and exit . int . entrance - las olindas club - marlowe at the checkroom , get he hat and coat , drop a coin into plate , go toward the door , put on coat . ext . entrance las olindas - night - marlowe buttone he coat , come out , walk on . ext . shrubbery - border path - night - marlowe as he enter , stop , look about . his face be intent , watchful . he listen , put he hand into he pocket , draw out a pipe , look at it , toss it slightly , contemptuously , regretful , shrug , thrust pipe into he side - pocket , he hand still clutching it , go on move quietly and stealthily now , pause , listen again , be about to go on when SOUND of a slight cough come from ahead . marlowe step quickly and soundlessly into the shrubbery . close shot - marlowe hide behind a shrub , peer out . ten foot away another man crouch behind a shrub beside the path , watch the path . he turn he head ; we see that he wear a mask . he watch the path again , react as faint SOUND of feet begin . vivian enter , walk rapidly along the path , clutching she handbag to she . as she pass the shrub , the man step quickly out . vivian stop but make no sound . thug ( quickly ; low -tone ) this be a gun , lady . Gentle now . just hand I the bag . for a moment vivian do not move . then she draw a deep breath as if to scream , still clutching the handbag . thug yell , and I will cut you in half . ( he open the bag , thrust he hand inside ) it better be here -- 105 . marlowe ( quietly , from behind he ) hi , pal . ( the thug stop dead . after a second he empty hand start to steal upward ) easy now . as marlowe and the thug stare it out tensely , two shadowy figure emerge from the shrubbery . one of they slug marlowe from behind . as he fall , the other grab for vivian , apparently about to do the same for she . she let out a wild scream and start shoot from the pocket . one of the thug cry out in mingle pain and anger -- in the distance people begin to shout -- the noise have attract attention . thug you clumsy yap ... second thug let 's get outta here . they run , vanish into the dark shrubbery . vivian crouch beside marlowe , help as he try to sit up . marlowe ( in pain , hold he head ) agh -- good thing I get a thick skull -- people from the club , parking attendant , etc. , run up . flashlight play on they . crowd ( ad lib ) what 's the matter ?... what happen ? . the guy 's hurt ... marlowe ( rise groggily ) it 's okay . just a slight holdup -- the lady flash too much dough around . ( to vivian ) you all right ? vivian yes -- be you ? marlowe let 's go . I do not like crowd . 106 . they get away from the curious onlooker , walk down a dark path toward the parking lot . marlowe you get a car with you ? vivian I come with a man . he 's dead drunk . forget he . what be you do here , besides play bodyguard ? marlowe we both seem to have be do a bit of that -- Eddie Mars want to see I . vivian what for ? marlowe he change he mind . he never do tell I . vivian you lie . marlowe all right . I be lie . they walk on . dissolve to : 119 . ext . parking lot - marlowe and vivian enter , cross to marlowe 's coupe . marlowe ( pause ) what be you tremble for ? do not tell I you be scared , because I will not believe that . vivian ( draw he on ) I be not use to be high - jack . give I a little time . marlowe High -jack . that 's -- all it be ? vivian what else ? 107 . marlowe ( study the hole in she coat ) you always go heele ? vivian I feel safer , around the heel I go with . marlowe ( laugh ) you be terrific . 120 . close shot - marlowe' coupe - marlowe and vivian he help she in , get in , shut door , start engine . lap dissolve to : 121 . int . moving car - desert - night - marlowe and vivian the car be go pretty fast , marlowe intent on the road . vivian seem nervous , be look about , smoking . vivian ( smoking nervously ) so Eddie have you come all the way up here and then would not tell you what he want ? ( dryly ) . . that 's right . I be still lie . suddenly she fling the cigarette out the window . vivian have you get a drink ? marlowe sure . ( still drive , watch the road , he lean , take a flask from dashboard compartment , hand it to she ) vivian ( take flask ) I can not drink like this . stop the car . marlowe stop the car . 108 . vivian ( put flask unopen back into compartment , slam it shut ) I do not want a drink . let 's talk . marlowe do we need to ? the General pay I off today -- I be all wash up . vivian be you ? marlowe all right . what 's Eddie Mars get on you ? vivian ( easily ; lift the handbag , slap it ) this , for instance . and tonight 's not the first time . marlowe which would make Eddie Mars sore . so we will pass that and start over . what 's he get on you ? vivian wittier , please , marlowe . wittier . marlowe I can not . I be too old to learn now . vivian but not old enough to outgrow some of you other habit . marlowe for instance ? vivian killing people . ( she stare at he , secretive , while he try to follow she , catch up with what 's go on ) so you be a killer . marlowe do that mean geiger , or brody -- or maybe both of they ? 109 . vivian why not ? ( she look at he . suddenly she manner change ; she speak with a quiet and complete sincerity ) I wish I be sure you have do it . then I could thank you -- in my father 's name . he still have pride , at least . marlowe and you and you sister have not . vivian ( with bitter contempt ) carmen and I ... ( rapidly ) we be he blood . that 's where the hurt be . that Father might die despise he own blood . it be always wild , but it be not always rotten . ( she pull herself together , take out a cigarette , slump back in the seat as marlowe strike a match . but when he hold the match to she , he see she lie back in the seat , the cigarette in she mouth , look at he with lazy and invite challenge . when he bring the match near , without move she blow it out . when she speak it be almost a whisper ) move closer . marlowe stare at she . after a moment he fling the dead match deliberately away , put he arm around she approach he face to hers . suddenly vivian fling the unlight cigarette over she shoulder toward the window , clasp he in she arm . vivian hold I close ! 110 . they kiss , a long kiss . marlowe raise he head at last . vivian where do you live ? marlowe hobart arm . vivian I have never see it . marlowe would you like to ? vivian yes . marlowe what 's Eddie Mars get on you ? she be motionless in he arm for a second . then she fling he back with one arm , sit violently up . vivian so that 's the way it be . marlowe that 's the way it be . vivian ( control herself ; take out a wisp of handkerchief and scrub she lip savagely with it ) Men have be shot for less than this , marlowe . marlowe Men have be shot for less than nothing . the first time we meet I tell you I be a detective . get it through you lovely head . I work at it , lady . I do not play at it . vivian what make you think Eddie Mars have anything on I ? 122. 123. 111 . marlowe he let you win a lot of money , then he have a gunpoke meet you in the back yard and take it all away from you . and you be not even surprised . you do not even thank I for save it for you . vivian do I need to tell you what I think of you , mister detective ? marlowe you do not owe I anything . you father pay I . I owe you something for the kiss . vivian let I congratulate you on keep you head . marlowe maybe I do not . vivian take I home . marlowe start the oar again , drive on . dissolve to : int . marlowe' apartment - night as marlowe enter , close the door behind he . the only light in the room filter in from a street lamp outside . marlowe fling he hat carelessly toward a chair , evidently out of long habit , and start across the room toward the kitchen , in search of a drink and in too much of a hurry to bother turn on light . int . marlowe' apartment - reverse angle from kitchen - night as marlowe approach , he body fill the f.g . as he reach the kitchen door a lamp go on suddenly behind he . he freeze , he body block the view of what be behind he . then , as he turn slowly , we see past he -- carmen sternwood sit in a armchair , the one , in fact , into which marlowe have pitch he hat . carmen hold it up , smile . she wear a evening gown , more or less cover by a light wrap . 112 . carmen ( coyly ) . what do the hatcheck girl get for a tip ? marlowe ( grimly ) I be try to think of something appropriate -- how do you get in here ? carmen Bet you can not guess . marlowe ( bleakly , lighting a cigarette ) Bet I can . you come in through the keyhole , like Peter Pan . carmen who 's he ? marlowe guy I use to know around the poolroom . carmen you be cute . marlowe and get cuter every minute . how do you get in ? carmen I show you manager you card . I steal it from vivian . I tell he you tell I to come here and wait for you . marlowe Fine . now tell I how you be go to get out . carmen ( slip off she wrap ) I be not go . she look at he -- a surprisingly honest , steady look . this be a different carmen -- a puzzle , half - frighten girl who seem to be waking from a dream -- not sure she want to , but unable to help herself . marlowe look back at she , nastily . but he sense a difference , and he voice be surprisingly gentle when he speak . 113 . marlowe listen , carmen . I be tired . I have have a hard day 's work . I like you , I be you friend , and any other time I would be tickle to death to see you . but not now . will you please go home ? carmen ( quietly , hungrily ) be you really my friend , phil ? marlowe sure ... carmen I need a friend , phil ... someone to -- she stop , apparently confuse , grop for word . marlowe someone to what , carmen ? carmen I do not know . she look up at he again , search he face . as though marlowe be a magnet , she be draw to she foot , still look at he . she come close , but do not touch he . carmen ( almost to herself ) what be it in you ?... I be afraid of you , and yet ... there 's something straight and hard ... phil , I wish I would meet you before -- a long time ago ... marlowe ( try to josh she out of it ) hey , hey ... what 's all this ? carmen I do not know . ( angrily ) why do you have to come ? I be all right . I be fine . marlowe and now ? 114 . carmen ( almost weep ) I do not know . marlowe look -- you and I want to go on be friend -- and you should not be here . ( hold she wrap for she ) be a good girl . during this speech , carmen seem to take the wrap . but the wrap fall on to the floor , revealing the fact that carmen be hold marlowe 's hand . carmen do you think I can be a good girl ? marlowe it do not matter what I think . carmen kiss he hand . carmen but do not you want I to try ? marlowe ( try to free he hand now ) I just want you to get out of here . carmen ( cling to he hand ) you have get funny thumb . can I bite it ? before he can answer , she raise he hand , start to put he thumb into she mouth . with a sharp violent motion he fling she hand away . marlowe stick to you own thumb . have not it carry you all right all you life ? carmen ( obediently ) all right . she put she thumb in she mouth , or she hand to she face in such a way as to appear to be suck she thumb as usual . marlowe take up the fall wrap and approach with it . 115 . marlowe okay . take you thumb now and get out of here . __ carmen ( giggle ) it 's not my thumb . see ? she remove the object from she mouth and hold it up for he to see . it be the white queen from he set of chessmen . marlowe stare at she for a moment , then he slap she terrifically across the face , rock she back . the chessman fall from she hand and she stare at marlowe , frighten now , as he walk toward she . carmen do that again . marlowe ( seethe with repress rage ; almost whisper ) get out . carmen maybe if people have do that to I more often , I would have be good now . marlowe reach she , grasp he arm , hurry she across to the door , jerk the door open , almost hurl she through it , fling the wrap after she , slam the door , turn the bolt as she rattles the knob , then begin to hammer on the door . he turn and cross the room rapidly to the bath while she still beat on the door , and wash he hand savagely with soap and water , he face now actually bead with sweat . the knocking continue . he examine he hand , be still not satisfied , jerk open shave cabinet , look at the innocuous bottle of mouthwash , etc. , when what he need be carbolic acid , go to the kitchen while the knock still continue , jerk savagely from the shelf he last bottle of whiskey . it be about half full . he jerk the stopper out , fling it away and pour about a dollar 's worth of expensive scotch over he hand , fling the bottle away , return to the live room , and while the knocking still continue , he kneel at the hearth , lay the delicate chess piece on it and with a heavy fire - dog hammer the chess - piece into dust , still beat even after the piece have vanish , he blow at last drown out the SOUND of the knock on the door . 124 . 125 . 116 . fade out . fade in : int . marlowe' bedroom - telephone on bedside table ringing . marlowe wake , rise onto elbow and take the phone . he hold it loosely , so that we can hear ohls ' rasp voice from the other end . marlowe yeah ? ohls ' voice marlowe ? come down here . I want to see you . marlowe I be not up yet . I have not have breakfast . ohls ' voice never mind the breakfast . if you be not in my office in thirty minute , you will be eat it on the county . ohl ' telephone click shut . marlowe put he down , throw cover back to get up . lap dissolve to : int . ohls ' office - ohls and marlowe ohls Lay off . marlowe Lay off what ? ohls if you do not know what , it ought to be easy not to do it . they stare at each other . ohl take up a box of cigarettes from the desk , offer it . ohls smoke ? marlowe ( not move ) I have not have breakfast yet . who say for I to lay off ? 117 . ohls the d.a. do . marlowe and beyond he ? ohls so you want to know . okay it come from you client . that satisfy you ? marlowe I have not get a client . General sternwood pay I off yesterday . I be through . ohls well , apparently he do not think so . and he 's a friend of the d.a. and the d.a. be the chief crime prosecutor of this county , and I be the d.a. 's head man Friday , and all three of we tell you to lay off . marlowe will you tell I one more thing : why General sternwood think I have not laid off ? ohls no . but I will tell you what he might be think . that you be try to uncover enough stuff about he family affair to put the squeeze on he yourself . marlowe that 's a lie . General sternwood never tell the d.a. nor you nor anybody else that . I do not think the message even come from General sternwood . it be -- ( he stop , but ohl have already break in ) ohls never you mind what you think . you just lay off . you get it ? marlowe ( quietly ) I get it . or else I lose my license and take my pick and shovel out of the mothball . 118 . thoughtful , he reach out and take a cigarette from the box . ohls ( watch he ) change you mind , huh ? marlowe ( recover , see the cigarette in he hand , drop it back into the box ) no . I have not change it . dissolve to : 126 . int . marlowe' office - later - marlowe the telephone be ringing . marlowe take it up . marlowe yes , speak -- 127 . int . sternwood home - vivian sternwood at telephone she wear hat and coat as if about to depart . vivian ( rapidly ) I have find shawn . I be leave at once to meet he . we will send you a picture postal from Mexico perhaps . so you can call off the bloodhound , and many thanks . ( she hang up ) 128 . close shot - marlowe at phone as the click of vivian 's phone come through it . lap dissolve to : 129 . ext . sternwood house - marlowe at front door ( rain ) face norris , who have answer the bell . norris stand hold the door half open , as if barring marlowe from enter . norris ( courteous , inscrutable ) no , sir . she leave no address . we do not expect to hear until she and Mr. regan reach Mexico City perhaps . 130 . 131 . 132 . 119 . marlowe so she find he . norris ( inscrutable ) yes , Sir . we be all most happy . -- be there anything else ? marlowe the General ... norris be rest . I will not disturb he now . marlowe thanks . norris watch he , still barring he from enter . he turn . norris close the door . marlowe walk on . dissolve to : close shot - plymouth coupe - parked at curb - day ( rain ) the same car which be follow marlowe yesterday . marlowe pass , recognize it , pause , thoughtful , walk on . ext . hollywood STREET - moving shot - marlowe as he pass the mouth of a narrow alley two man step out quickly . one of they sap marlowe expertly -- they drag he out of sight . ext . alley - a deep doorway ( rain ) marlowe be daze , but not out . he fight , but the two boy give he a expert go - over , very quickly and efficiently . marlowe go down onto the wet brick . one of the man lean over he . thug ( gently ) this be just we way of say -- lay off . get it , marlowe ? Lay off . he boot marlowe in the stomach -- the pair of they depart while marlowe be get rid of he breakfast . presently , while marlowe be try unsuccessfully to stand up , harry jone come up to he . Harry be small , hardly five foot , in a cheap snappy ' underworld ' suit . yet in he wizen ugly face there be independence , honesty , reliability , courage . he help marlowe to he foot , steady he , hand he a handkerchief . 133 . 120 . marlowe ( still groggy -- wiping he face ) you be the guy that 's be tailing I . jone yeah . the name 's Jones . Harry Jones . I want to see you . marlowe that 's swell . do you want to see that two guy jump I ? jone I do not care one way or the other . marlowe you could have yell for help . jone a guy 's play a hand , I let he play it . I be no kibitzer . marlowe ( grin ) you get brain . come on up to the office . dissolve to : int . marlowe' office - marlowe and jone marlowe remove he coat and hat , hang they up . Jones watch he . marlowe be reasonably steady now , gradually get he wind back . marlowe might as wall take yours off too . we may be here a good while , unless I get another case . he go to the desk , sit down , light a cigarette , pour a stiff shot from the office bottle , then start to riffle through a small stack of mail on he desk . Jones watch he . he open top letter , read it . jone I be around too . use to runa little liquor . rode the scout car with a Tommy gun in my lap . a tough racket . 121. marlowe ( read , squinting through smoke ) terrible . he toss the letter into wastebasket , take up the next , open it , see Jones still stand . marlowe sit down . you make I nervous stand there . Jones sit on edge of a chair ; marlowe open and rapidly read the next letter , toss it in wastebasket , open the next one . Jones watch he . jone maybe you do not believe I . marlowe ( throw letter into wastebasket ) what do you want ? jone ( approvingly , man to man fashion ) that 's better . I get something to sell -- cheap , for a couple of C 's . marlowe ( open next letter ) then do not let I stop you . jone ( baffle ) do not you even want to know who I be ? marlowe ( rapidly read letter ) I already know . you be not a cop . you do not belong to Eddie Mars , because I ask he . ( throw last letter into wastebasket , sit back and look at Jones ) so agnes be loose again , huh ? jone ( take aback ) how would you know ? 122. marlowe well -- she 's a blonde . jone she 's a nice girl . we be talk of get marry . marlowe she 's too big for you . she will roll on you and smother you . jone ( injure ) that 's a dirty crack , brother . marlowe you be right . I have be run around with the wrong people lately . let 's cut out the babble . what do you want ? jone you be look for something . will you pay for it ? marlowe if it do what ? jone help you find regan . marlowe be that what you want the two C 's for -- for tell I I be look for regan ? people have be tell I that for two day now . I do not even give cigar for it anymore . jone ( patiently ) do you want to know what I get , or do not you ? marlowe I do not know . two C 's busy a lot of information in my circle . jone would you pay two hundred dollar to know where Eddie Mars ' wife be ? would you pay two hundred buck for that , shamus ? 123 . marlowe ( lean forward and rub out cigarette ) I think I would . where ? jone agnes find she . she will tell you -- when she have the money in she hand . marlowe you might tell the copper for nothing . jone ( quietly ) I be not so brittle . marlowe ( speculatively ) agnes must have something I do not notice . jone ( quietly , with dignity even ) I be not try to pull anything . I come here with a straight proposition -- take it or leave it ; one right guy to another . then you start wave cop at I . you ought to be ashamed of yourself . marlowe ( quietly too ) I be -- okay . two hundred it be . I will have to go to the bank jone ( rise ) okay . after dark will be better anyway . you know puss walgreen 's office -- fulwider building -- four-twenty - eight at the back ? marlowe I can find it . jone I will meet you there at seven o'clock tonight . you bring the money , and I will take you to agnes . okay ? 134 . 135 . 136 . 137 . 138. 124 . marlowe okay . jone ( go out ) so long then . he exit . dissolve to : ext . fulwider build - establishing shot - evening ( rain ) marlowe enter . int . fulwider build - lobby - marlowe it be desert . marlowe pause at elevator , the door be open , a shabby old man be asleep on the stool . marlowe go on . close shot - at FIRE door - marlowe push the door open , enter stair , door close behind he . int . corridor - ( dim ) - marlowe stand flatten against the wall beside a door lettere : l.d. walgreen -- insurance the transom above it be open , light shine through . jone ' voice ( beyond transom ) canino ? yeah , I have see you around . sure . canino' voice ( purring ) I think you would remember . marlowe steal quietly back along the wall , reach another door , push it quietly . it be lock . he take out he wallet , remove he driver 's license from its celluloid , take the envelope and slip back the door-lock , open the door carefully and quietly , enter , shut the door . int . office - ( dim ) - marlowe as he stand beside a inner door which be slightly open , a light burn beyond it . through the crack in the door Harry Jones can be see , sit behind a shabby desk . the other man , canino , be not in sight at this angle . 125 . Jones be sweat ; he can not help that . but there be no fear in he voice and he be not tremble either . canino' voice so you go to see this peeper , this marlowe . that be you mistake . Eddie do not like it . and what Eddie do not like be not healthy . jone you know why I go to the peeper . account of Joe brody 's girl . she 's get to blow . that take dough . she figure the peeper could get it for she . canino' voice dough for what ? jone you know about the night the kid bump brody ? well , the young sternwood girl be there . she not only drop in , she take a shot at brody . only the peeper do not tell the cop that . so agnes figure it 's railroad fare for she as soon as she can get hold of the peeper . you get it ? canino' voice sure thing . where 's this agnes ? jone what do you care ? all she want be to touch the peeper and blow -- his voice stop . he sit back , stare canino off , show terror now despite himself , but still no fear . canino' voice ( purring ) that 's right . look at it . you will tell I , little man . where 's agnes ? jone listen -- canino' voice you want I to count three or something , like a movie ? where 's agnes ? 139 . 126 . jone ( give in , collapse ) you win . she 's in a apartment at 28 court. apartment 501 . I guess I be yellow , all right . canino' voice you just get good sense . I be not go to hurt she . if everything 's like you say , I will tell Eddie it 's all jakeloo . we will even dip the bill on it . as canino 's hand come into sight set a whiskey bottle on the desk , marlowe step quickly back . canino' voice get a glass ? jone ( stare at the bottle , hopeless now , sweat but still bravely ) there at the cooler . as canino enter , marlowe step quickly out . canino cross the open door . we now see he ; a stocky , vicious man in brown : a killer . another angle - marlowe flattened against the wall beside the door . Jones can not be see now , only canino as he take the glass from water cooler and cross the door again . now he too be not visible . marlowe follow he by SOUND alone as he return to the table , clink the bottle against the glass as he pour the drink . canino' voice ( purring , falsely hearty ) there you be . drink she down . mud in you eye . Jones ' breathe can be hear as he pants . when canino speak next , he voice be a little sharper . canino' voice drink it . what do you think it be -- poison ? I bet that agnes of yours would not turn it down . 140 . 141 . 127 . jone no. ( SOUND of he movement as he take the glass ) success . canino' voice lot of it . SOUND as Jones drink , die , the glass clink as he drop it , he body thud as he fall forward , gasp , choke . marlowe start forward , catch himself . the other room go dark . SOUND as canino leave it : he foot , the other door open , close again . glass door - marlowe' angle the door open on the corridor . with the light go , the glass in the door be faintly luminous , lettering in reverse , canino 's shadow across it . SOUND of he foot die away . marlowe move swiftly toward the inner door . int . other office - marlowe he hand on the switch as he turn on the light , look for a instant at Jones sprawle dead across the desk , the whiskey bottle and overturn glass beside he . marlowe pause only a second . he look about , see what he want , cross to telephone , take it up , dial hurriedly . marlowe ( into phone ) information , can you give I the phone number of apartment 301 , 28 Court Street ? ( he lower phone , wait , raise phone quickly again , listen attentively ) thanks . ( put phone down , take it up again , dial ) be agnes in ? the voice that answer be a man' voice , burly and loud , so that it can be hear over the phone . voice no agnes here , buddy . what number you want ? 128. marlowe wentworth two-five-two-eight . voice right number , wrong gal . ai not it a shame ! marlowe yeah . can you put I back on to the switchboard ? voice here you go . ( phone click , whirr ) marlowe hello , manager ? this be wallis , Police identification Bureau , be there a girl name agnes lozelle register at you place ?... well , have you get a tall blonde with green eye , either alone , or witha little chap that weigh about a hundred pound , green hat , gray overcoat ... yeah , must have be the wrong address . thanks . he put the phone down , turn , look at Jones . marlowe ( muse aloud , with admiration ) well , you die like a poison rat . but you drank you poison like a man before you split on you girl , do not you ? he approach , gingerly and carefully shift Jones enough to reach inside he coat , be about to search Jones , the telephone ring . marlowe pause , think , make decision , take up phone . marlowe ( into phone ) yeah ?... hello , agnes ... marlowe , the guy you want to see . no , he 's not here . he 's go , beat it . but I have get the money . where be you ?... I do not know where he go . do you want the two C 's or do not you ?... in half a hour . right. 142 . 143. 129 . he put the phone down , take out he handkerchief and wipe he fingerprint off of it , cross to the light switch , wipe it off too , turn it with the handkerchief , go to the door , through which he come , exit . int . corridor - door he entered by - marlowe as he wipe off the knob with he handkerchief . dissolve to : int . agnes ' car - marlowe and agnes - night ( rain ) as marlowe get into the car -- the gray plymouth . Beyond the rain-streaked window a Los Angeles street be visible ; light store window , etc . agnes I think you be never come . give I the money . marlowe hand she fold bill . she count they rapidly by the dash light , then put they in she handbag . agnes this be a getaway stake , copper . I be on my way . what happen to Harry ? marlowe I tell you he run away . canino get wise to he somehow . forget Harry . I have pay for information and I want it . agnes you will get it . Joe and I be out riding foothill boulevard a couple week ago . we pass a brown coupe , and I see the girl who be drive . she be Eddie Mars ' wife . there be a guy with she -- the watchdog , canino . they be people you do not forget , even if you only see they once . so we get curious , and Joe tail they . about a mile east of realito there 's a side road , and nothing around it but brush and hill . just off the highway there 's a two - bit garage and paintshop run by a guy name Art huck -- hot car drop , likely -- and a frame house behind it . that 's where Eddie Mars ' wife be hole up . 144 , 145 . 146 . 147 . 148. 130 . marlowe ( study she coldly ) you be sure of that ? agnes why should I lie ?... well , goodbye , copper -- wish I luck . I get a raw deal . marlowe yeah . you kind always do . he turn and open the door to get out . dissolve to : insert : a highway marker illuminate by the spotlight of a car . above a black arrow the sign say : realito -- 7 mile dissolve to : ext . highway - long shot - night ( rain ) marlowe 's car spin along at high speed . the highway run between mile of orange grove , with mountain in the b.g. rapid montage - night Orange grove -- a neon sign : welcome to realito -- small light store front -- a bar -- a theatre -- then dark barren field . dissolve thru to : ext . highway - long shot - night ( rain ) marlowe 's car rush along the wet highway , which now run through barren country close to the foothills . the car take a S curve , skid dangerously . closer shot - on marlowe' car as it swing into another curve , a sharp one , and deliberately skid off the shoulder , jarring finally toa stop in the ditch . 149 . 150 . 151 . 152. 153. 154 . 155 . 156 . 157 . 131 . close shot - marlowe as he climb out and bend to inspect the tire . it be raining heavily . close shot - marlowe - night ( rain ) as he let the air out of the two right -hand tire . close shot - marlowe as he straighten up and look ahead . ext . huck' garage - long shot - marlowe' angle a SMALL dingy garage , with a frame house behind it . light show dimly through shade window . close shot - marlowe as he nod , satisfied , then get back into the car . int . marlowe' car - night ( rain ) marlowe take the license holder from the steering post and put it in he pocket , then lean lower behind the wheel . extreme close - front of the car seat - night as marlowe 's hand push open a weight flap , disclose a secret compartment with two gun in it . he weigh they , select the heavier of the two , and draw it out . the flap swing shut . ext . highway - at huck' garage - night ( rain ) marlowe approach the garage . there be a sign on the blank side wall -- marlowe hold a flashlight on it , and we see the lettering of the sign : art huck auto repair -- painting marlowe go round to the front . the big door be close , but a streak of light show through the crack . marlowe hesitates , then walk past they to glance at the house . ext . frame house - marlowe' angle - night ( rain ) the only sign of life be the light from the shade window and canino 's brown coupe park in front by a row of stunt tree . 158. 159 . 132 . ext . huck' garage - night ( rain ) at the door , as marlowe go up and hammer on it with the butt of he heavy flashlight . there be a moment of silence . then the inside light go off . marlowe center he flash in a white circle of light on the door . huck ( speak through the door ) whaddaya want ? marlowe open up , I get two flat back on the highway and only one spare . huck sorry , mister . we be close up . better try realito . marlowe do not appreciate this . he kick the door , hard , and keep on kick it , until a second voice -- canino 's voice -- speak from close inside . then he stop to listen . canino' voice okay , Art -- open up for the wise guy . a bolt squeal , and half the door open inward . marlowe 's flash outline a gaunt hard face , huck 's face . then huck swing a gun down across the flash , knock it out of marlowe 's hand , still burn . huck kill that spot , bud . marlowe pick up the flash , turn it off . Light go on inside the garage , revealing huck , a tall man in dirty coverall . he back away from the door , keep marlowe cover . huck come inside and shut the door . int . huck' garage - night as marlowe close the door behind he . there be the usual paraphernalia of a garage , and two car . one be be paint , a spray - gun lie on the fender , the other be carmen sternwood 's Packard convertible . canino lounge easily in the shadow by the bench . the rain beat on the tin roof . 133 . marlowe ( indicate huck 's gun ) you could scare off a lot of trade that way . huck I be too far out of town to take chance . ( pointedly ) you can get yourself hurt , kick on door . canino ( softly ) cut it out , Art . you run a garage , do not you ? marlowe ( not look at canino ) thanks . ( to huck ) I suppose you can fix flat . huck ( put the gun in he pocket ) as good as you can make ‘em , bud . but right now I be busy . canino ( pleasantly ) Art -- you get time to fix he tire . marlowe you can use my spare -- that will help some . huck listen , I tell you I be busy with a spray job ... canino it 's too damp for a good spray job , Art . get move -- and take two jack . huck now wait a minute ... canino look at huck with a soft quiet -ey stare , then away again , not say anything . huck wilt and move pull on a raincoat and bang out with a socket wrench , a hand jack , and wheeling a dolly . 160 . 134 . canino close the door behind he and return to the workbench . marlowe watch silently , lighting a cigarette . canino Bet you could use a drink . wet the inside , and even up . marlowe thanks . canino produce a bottle and two glass from under the bench , pour two shot , and hand one to marlowe . they salute -- canino drink , and marlowe , remember Harry Jones and the cyanide cocktail , hesitates , then drink also . canino ( casually ) live around here ? marlowe no. just get in from reno and carson City . canino the long way round , huh ? Business trip ? marlowe partly . and in a hurry . canino too bad -- you may have a long wait . ( reach for marlowe 's empty glass ) how about another , to pass the time . dissolve to : extreme close - a wheel - night -- the tire already on a spreader and loose from the rim . a man 's hand and foot work at the job viciously . the camera pull back to show Art huck as he rip out the tube . marlowe and canino stand almost as before , by the workbench . huck ( grumble over above action ) I do not have enough to do -- guy have to get flat in the middle of a cloudburst . 161 . 135 . canino ( laugh ) do not crab so much . you can use a extra bath . ( take a roll of coin out of he pocket , toss they idly in the palm of he hand ) just get busy . huck carry the tube to a airhose and start to fill it . huck I be busy , brother . plenty busy . he start to place the tube in the galvanize tub under the hose , then turn swiftly , lift the tube high , and bring it down over marlowe 's head and shoulder , a perfect ringer . marlowe , unable to reach the gun in he pocket , bend forward , try to throw huck over he back . canino step in lightly , like a dancer , he hand close hard over the roll of coin , and hang one with delicate precision on marlowe 's jaw . marlowe 's tough -- he go on fight , although he 's already out on he foot . huck pull he head back by the hair as canino clip he again with the weight fist . marlowe try , but it 's no use . he go down and stay that way . int . mar ' hideout - live room - night a small room , in keep with the exterior -- furnish comfortably but not luxuriously . the only light come from a floor lamp beside the davenport where marlowe lie . his hand be cuffed behind he , he foot roped to the leg of the davenport . he be still out , he face considerably the worse for wear . vivian sit beside he on a straight chair , hold a half empty glass in she hand . she seem to have forget about it . she seem to have forget everything but marlowe -- who begin to come out of it . he open he eye presently and look at vivian -- he do not seem surprised . he wince and shut he eye again . marlowe ( thickly ) move the light , honey ... vivian rise and turn the light away from he face . he look up at she again . 136 . marlowe ( still groggy ) that 's better -- where be the boy -- out digging a grave ? vivian ( desperately ) phil , why do you have to go on with this ? marlowe why do you ? vivian turn away from he -- she 's obviously key up , scared , desperate . vivian I have only know one fool as big as you ... marlowe ( after a pause ) you might spare I a little of that drink you be not use . vivian go to he , sit down , and hold the glass to marlowe 's lip , then touch he batter face with she fingertip . vivian ( shakily ) you face look like a collision meet ... marlowe it will not last long , even this good . ( after a pause , look up at vivian softly ) I will give it back to you -- I have only know one fool as big as you . they hold it , a twisted uncomfortable moment , and then mona mar enter . she be tall , blonde , strikingly beautiful -- a woman who know she way around , yet have a certain dignity and fineness . marlowe you would be Mrs. Eddie Mars ... the blond that shawn regan do not run away with . 137 . mona why do you have to make trouble ? Eddie be not do you any harm . I be never in love with shawn -- we be just good friend . but you know perfectly well that if I have not hide out here when shawn disappear , the police would have be certain Eddie kill he . marlowe ( quietly ) but he do kill he . mona ( after a pause , with quiet dignity ) Eddie 's not that sort of man . marlowe you mean Eddie never kill people . mona no. marlowe you really believe that , do not you ? and in a way , I suppose you be right ... mona ( sincerely ) I be marry to Eddie Mars . I love he . I know what 's inside of he . marlowe well , if Eddie 's such a nice guy , I would like to talk to he without canino around . you know what canino will do -- beat my tooth out and then kick I in the stomach for mumble . vivian you will get you talk , phil. canino 's go for Eddie . marlowe leave Art huck within call , I suppose . well , I suppose nobody 's luck hold forever . ( to vivian ) you could really have go to Mexico , you know . you would have like it better . blood do not spatter that far . 138 . mona oh , stop talk that way ! vivian and marlowe be no longer conscious of she presence , have retire into a private world of they own . marlowe but then you could not go , could you . the border police would have check you through alone , and too many people might have see you -- without shawn regan . much safer to come down here with mona . much safer -- especially for Eddie Mars . vivian I do it as much for you ... why would not you believe I ? why would not you stop ? marlowe too many people try to make I . and besides I know shawn regan -- and I know you . they look at each other -- and mona Mars take herself quietly out of the room . vivian why do I have to meet you ? why out of all the man in the city , do my father have to call you in ? marlowe thing happen that way , sometimes ... Light I a cigarette ... she take one from a table , light it , and bend over to place it between marlowe 's lip . marlowe 's eye hold she as though he hand be on she shoulder ; she sit down . marlowe ( softly ) you know what they be go to do , do not you ? you know the only thing they can do . vivian 's hand grip the shoulder of he coat . she shut she eye and drop she head , hold herself rigid . 139 . marlowe ( still softly ) it 's not pretty , be it -- even from a distance . and when you be right on top of it , it be not pretty at all . vivian ( rise abruptly ) oh , stop it , phil. stop it ! nothing 's go to happen ... marlowe mona 's in love with Eddie Mars , but you be not . be you go through with it ? vivian move away , as far from he as she can get , and stand with she back to he , rigid , stare at the curtain window as though she could see through it . marlowe study she , then laugh , a quiet sardonic chuckle and relax , lean back on the cushion . marlowe pride be a great thing , be not it ? and courage -- and honor -- and love . all the thing you read about in the copybook -- only in the copybook nothing ever get tangle . the road always lie so straight , and clear , and the sign say to love and honor and be brave ... take this thing out of my mouth , will you , honey ? it 's burn I . vivian come slowly to he and take the cigarette stub from he lip . she hesitates , then go down onto the couch , drop the cigarette on the floor . her arm go around marlowe , she mouth crush to he . when she break for air , put she cheek against he , she be almost cry . marlowe be far from unmove himself , turn he head against hers , hard . marlowe ( after a pause , whisper ) get a knife , and cut this rope off I ... vivian rise , run out of the room . the SOUND of a kitchen drawer be open come over from o.s. , then the rattle of cutlery . vivian return almost at once with a knife and slashes the rope from marlowe 's foot . drop the knife , she help he get up -- he 's not too steady on he leg . they cross the room together , vivian with she arm around marlowe . the handcuffs glitter on marlowe 's wrist . 162 . 140 . from outside come the SOUND of a car skid to a stop . mona Mars appear in the doorway , hold a gun . mona ( quietly , without menace ) Eddie be here -- I think you would better wait . extreme close - canino' hand open , play idly with the roll of coin . the camera pull back -- we be still in the live room . marlowe be sit on the couch , vivian beside he -- he hand be still cuffed behind he , but he foot be free . canino lean unobtrusively against the wall -- near marlowe . Eddie Mars hold center stage , move like a lion key up for the kill . mona Mars , the gun forget in she hand , sit in the b.g. , watch . her face be still , intent . vivian ( quietly ) Eddie -- this be where I get off . mar you buy a ticket for the whole run , countess -- destination unknown . keep you mouth out of this . ( to marlowe ) you be make it tough for I , soldier . marlowe not I , Eddie . murder . murder can make thing tough for anybody . you keep trip over it , all the time . mar ( contemptuously ) murder ! I have not kill anybody . marlowe not personally , maybe -- but you hand be behind canino 's , aim the gun -- or pour the cyanide into Harry Jones ' glass . ( as Mars give he a startle look ) yeah -- I be there , in the next room . canino have a gun and I do not , so all I could do be watch ... I kind of like Harry Jones . 141 . mar you kind of like too many people , soldier . mona Eddie -- what do he mean ? what 's happen ? who be Harry Jones ? mar he 's just talk . maybe you better get out , mona . we may have to push he around a little before we get through . marlowe ( to mona ) yeah -- push I a little , right over the edge . Eddie will not spoil he manicure to do it -- but canino will not mind . he 's use to have he hand dirty . canino lean over and slap marlowe hard across the face . vivian spring up , toward canino -- Eddie Mars grab she , look toward mona . mona have never see that look on Eddie 's face before . mar ( quietly ) get out , mona . mona Eddie ... mar get out . mona study he -- it seem that she be look at a stranger , a stranger who frighten she , someone evil and beyond the pale . she seem to grow in stature and dignity , even as she heart realize how far down the wrong road it have travel . she turn , then , slowly , and go out . after she have go , vivian wrench free from Mars ' grip . there be something rather wonderful about she now -- a blaze , catlike courage . she face Eddie Mars . vivian you do not dare go through with this , Eddie . mar you think I can not get away with it ? 142. vivian you think I be go to let you get away with it ? Mars study she , then marlowe -- realize what the score be , and smile sardonically . mar you woman kill I . you will spend year and wreck life to get something you want , and then throw it all away in a minute because some guy have a new way of put he mouth on yours . ( sit down , easily , smile ) all right , countess . while we be do all this think ... do you think you be go to have a chance not to let I get away with it ? silence as this sink in . vivian sit down quietly beside marlowe , who look at both she and Mars with a cold , cynical smile . marlowe ( laugh softly ) it 's amazing how fast a beautiful friendship break when a dead body fall on top of it ... which one of you kill regan ? if he be shot in the back , I will bet on you , Eddie , because that 's the only way you could have get to he . but if he take it from the front -- ( look at vivian ) I can see how you both would have be jealous of mona . vivian stare at he , a hard , shocked look as though marlowe be something not human . marlowe give it back to she -- then almost at once canino step forward and place he hand on marlowe 's head , bend it back , he finger and thumb bite cruelly into marlowe 's temple . canino smile , as though he be very fond of marlowe . canino ( gently amused ) ever see a dick with such a one - track mind ? he 's sit right on the edge of a hole in the ground , but he still care who kill regan . want to tell he , Eddie ? want to send he to bed happy ? 163 . 143. Mars make a annoyed gesture and start to get up , then freeze as mona speak from the doorway . mona ( very quietly ) Eddie ... everyone turn to look at she -- there be a quality of fate in she voice . she lean almost negligently against the door jamb , wear a heavy coat , hold a big feel hat in she hand . mona I have be a good wife to you , Eddie -- as good a wife as you would let I be . I believe in you , and there be not anything I would not have do for you -- anything but this . mar do not be a fool , mona . can not you see ... mona ( slowly ) I can only see one thing . I have be married to a killer , and I have help he kill . she turn and go out . Mars rise , look after she . mar ( to canino ) hold the fort , canino . I '1l be back . he go out after mona , not even wait for canino 's nod of assent . canino go to a window and peer through the crack of the blind , still keep marlowe cover . we hear a car start outside and drive off . canino ( sardonically ) he make it . and he can talk about love . he turn back into the room . vivian have rise , she stand by a table lighting a cigarette with a wooden match from a box which she retain in she leave hand . insert match BOX in vivian' hand : a ordinary small box of match . the cover have be push almost shut , leave the head of one match protrude . 164 . 165 . 166 . 167 . 144 , vivian hold the flame match with which she have just light she cigarette to the uncover match head , ignite it . int . mar hideout - the live room as vivian blow out the first match and drop it casually into a ash tray , shield the box in she hand from canino 's view . canino stroll back , look marlowe over with sadistic humor . canino I do not really mind the boss leave . I can have a lot more fun alone . insert match BOX in vivian be hand : the match have burn back , charr the paper cover . smoke rise from the box . int . mar hideout - the live room vivian canino -- canino ( look around , grin ) save you breath , baby -- the match box burst into flame . vivian hurl it into canino 's face , then turn aside , clutching she scorched finger . vivian ( over above action ) phil ! marlowe throw himself forward into canino 's leg -- they roll , struggle . close shot - marlowe and canino as canino come out on top of marlowe , at a angle , and whip he pistol down at marlowe 's head . marlowe wrench aside -- the gun barrel miss by a fraction , smack hard on the carpet . marlowe double he knee into he chest and let go with he foot , get both heel under canino 's jaw . canino go backward and down , drop he gun , but he 's not clear out -- the blow be glance . he grab vivian as she try to get by he , pull she down . marlowe manage to get the gun in he shackle hand . canino pull another , fire at he , miss , tangle up with vivian . marlowe make it out the door . 168 . 169 . 170 . 145 . ext . mar hideout - at the front door - night ( rain ) as marlowe come out and run down the step toward canino 's car . over by the garage Art huck stand , scared but undecided . marlowe snap a shot at he . huck make up he mind in a hurry . he vanish -- a second later we hear a car start and race off down the highway , 0.s. marlowe , work fast but awkwardly because of the handcuffs , open the door of canino 's car , back in . int . canino' car - night ( rain ) - marlowe fumble for the ignition key and starter button , behind he . he start the motor , then slide out again , quickly , hugging the ground by the rear wheel , offside . ext . mar hideout - marlowe' angle - night ( rain ) as a darken window go up . three shot be fire from it . we hear the whine of the bullet , they impact on the coupe . marlowe cry out as though hit . then again there be silence , except for the beat rain and the purring motor . presently the house door open -- there be no light behind it . vivian appear , walk stiffly , and behind she be canino , shield from possible fire . they walk slowly toward marlowe and the car . canino can you see anything ? vivian ( tonelessly ) nothing . the window be all mist . they come steadily closer to the dark car . suddenly vivian stop , rigid , and let go a thin , tear scream . vivian behind the wheel ! ( as though plead with marlowe not to fire ) phil ! canino shove she roughly aside , drop to one knee , and pour three shot through the car window . his gun be now empty . no shot answer he -- he be satisfied that marlowe be dead . he rise , move to open the car door , as marlowe emerge from behind the car . 171 . 146 . marlowe finish ? canino whirl around , and marlowe , the gun press awkwardly against he side , put four bullet in he . he collapse into the mud and stay there . marlowe ( to vivian ) get the key , honey . vivian , white - face and silent , get the key from canino 's pocket and unlock the handcuffs . marlowe rub he wrist -- they look at each other , both tired and drain of emotion -- there seem to be nothing to say . marlowe ( quietly ) you play that hand all right , countess . vivian ( dully ) I do not know why I care . she turn and walk away from he toward the garage and she car , not look back . presently marlowe go back into the house . fade out . fade in : int . sternwood hall - morning - norris and marlowe as norris stand in the open door , in the act of admit marlowe . marlowe the General send for I ... norris yes , sir . he 's wait , in the orchid house . marlowe enter , walk along the hall toward the rear with norris . subtly , norris have the air of a guard . marlowe look tired and somber , the mark of last night 's encounter still plain on he face . he have obviously not be home ; he wear the same rumple suit , no tie , and he have not shave . vivian come out of a adjoin room , as though she have be wait , and stop they . 172 . 147 . vivian I would like to see you , Mr. marlowe . she give norris the nod -- he go away , and marlowe follow vivian into the room , close the door . int . SMALL sitting room - marlowe and vivian lavishly furnish . vivian also look exhaust , stony , but give a impression of submerge but volcanic emotion . she do not look at marlowe . vivian well ? marlowe I keep you out of it . I tolda straight story , and canino leave he thumbprint on Harry Jones ' door to back I up . I do not know whether they believe I , but there 's nothing they can do about it . I be clear -- self defense . and all Eddie Mars have to say be that canino be rough I on he own time . vivian ( look at he now , force to admire he ) it be not as easy as you make it sound . marlowe ( shrugging ) my neck be usually stick out , one way or another . it 's a little tougher than the General 's , that 's all . vivian ( after a uncomfortable pause ) it 's too bad Father can not know what you have do for he . I be afraid he 's ... angry with you . marlowe why not ? everybody else be . vivian you -- will not say anything to he ? 148 . marlowe of course not . vivian phil ... marlowe ( brutally ) listen ... I be tired . I killeda man last night . I stink of cop , and I have still get a rotten taste in my mouth . I want a hot bath with strong soap , and I can not have it until I have see you father . do you mind if I go now ? vivian ( go close to he ) phil -- I do not kill shawn regan . marlowe ( cold , deadpan ) be he dead ? vivian stare at he , get a slow , deadly look in she eye . vivian ( very calmly ) it 's quite possible . he 's be go a long time , and he 's not a peaceful man . ( turn away ) I will send you my personal check in the morning , Mr. marlowe . marlowe you personal check ? vivian I be sure my father would wish you to be repaid for you ... extra service , last night . marlowe ( quietly , after pause ) I be sure you father would know better ... and I know you do -- what about Eddie Mars ? vivian what about he ? 173. 174 . 149 . marlowe you think he 's go to forget all this ? vivian I be tired , too . get out , marlowe . marlowe shrug , go toward the door . he speak over he shoulder with a air of casual politeness . marlowe how 's carmen ? vivian , she back to he , take the question just a little too easily . vivian she 's fine . she go up to Santa Barbara last night . marlowe that ought to be nice for she . vivian yes . there seem to be nothing more to say . marlowe exit . dissolve to : int . sternwood rear garden 's - day - marlowe and norris as they walk down the path toward the orchid house . marlowe glance around , apparently look for something he do not see . norris open the door , permit marlowe to pass he into the greenhouse . int . orchid house - marlowe as he follow the path between the bank of orchid to the place where General sternwood sit , as before -- in the wheelchair , wrap in robe and blanket -- only he eye be alive , proud and pierce . sternwood sit down , Mr. marlowe . marlowe pull up a chair , already beginning to suffer with the heat . he start to remove he coat , then something in sternwood 's attitude make he change he mind . sternwood I do not ask you to look for shawn regan . 150 . marlowe you want I to , though . sternwood you assume a great deal . I usually ask for what I want . ( as marlowe do not answer ) the money I pay you be of no consequence . I merely feel that you have , no doubt unintentionally , betrayed a trust . marlowe be that all you want to see I about ? sternwood you be angry at that remark . marlowe you have a advantage over I , General . it 's a advantage I would not want to take away from you . you can say anything you like to I , and I would not think of get angry . I would like to offer you you money back . it may mean nothing to you . it might mean something to I . sternwood what do it mean to you ? marlowe it mean I have refuse payment for a unsatisfactory job . that 's all . sternwood ( after a pause ) why do you go to Captain Gregory ? marlowe I suppose I play a hunch . I be convinced you put that geiger note up to I chiefly as a test , and that you be a little afraid regan might somehow be involved in a attempt to blackmail you . besides , as I say -- I know regan . it mean something to I to find out , too . sternwood and you allow Captain Gregory to think I have employ you to find shawn ? 151 . marlowe yeah , I guess I do -- when I be sure he have the case . sternwood and do you consider that ethical ? marlowe yes , I do . sternwood perhaps I do not understand . marlowe maybe you do not . when you hire a boy in my line of work it be not like hire a window - washer and show he eight window and say : " wash that window and you be through . " you do not know what I have to go through or over or under to do you job for you . I do it my way . I do my best to protect you , and I may have to break a few rule , but I break they in you favor -- after all , you do not tell I not to go to Captain Gregory . sternwood ( with a faint smile ) that would have be rather difficult . marlowe well , what have I do wrong ? you man norris , seem to think the case be over when geiger be eliminate . I do not see it that way . I be not sherlock holme . I do not expect to go over ground the police have cover and pick up a break penpoint and build a case from it . if you think there 's anybody in the detective business make a live do that sort of thing , you do not know much about cop . if they overlook anything , it 's something much looser and vaguer , like a man of geiger 's type send you he evidence of debt and ask you to pay like a gentleman . that be not normal . why do he do that ? because he want to find out if there be anything put pressure ( more ) 152 . marlowe ( cont 'd ) on you . if there be , you would pay he . if not , you would ignore he and wait . but something be put pressure on you . regan . you be afraid he would stay around and be nice to you just long enough to find out how to play game with you bank account . ( interrupt sternwood , as he start to speak ) even at that , it be not you money you care about . it be not even you daughter . you have more or less write they off . it 's that you be still too proud to be play for a sucker -- and you really like shawn regan . sternwood ( quietly , after a pause ) you think entirely too much , marlowe -- be you still try to solve that puzzle ? marlowe no . I have be warn to quit . the boy at the City Hall think I play too rough . that 's why I think I should give you you money back -- because it be not a complete job by my standard . sternwood ( smile ) quit , nothing . I will pay you another thousand to find shawn regan . he do not have to come back . I do not even have to know where he be . a man have a right to live he own life . and he must have have he reason for run off like that . I only want to know that he 's all right . I want to know it from he directly , and if he should happen to need money , I should want he to have that also . be I clear ? marlowe yes , General . sternwood lean back in the chair , he eye close wearily . 175 . 153. sternwood ( try to smile ) I guess I be a sentimental old goat , and no soldier at all . find he for I , marlowe . just find he . marlowe ( rise ) I will try . you would better rest now . I have talk you arm off . he start away . sternwood 's voice stop he . sternwood ( quietly ) you have a lot that shawn have . strength -- and a steady eye . marlowe stand a moment , remember vivian 's word . then he turn quietly and go away . greenhouse door - marlowe as he emerge , mop again , find norris wait for he , already hold marlowe 's hat for he . marlowe , surprised at this , be still further surprised when he look up and see he car , which he leave in front of the house , now in the drive not far away and already turn so that it be head back toward town . norris I take the liberty of turn it around for you , sir . since you be in the greenhouse , I bring it on around here at the same time . marlowe ( ironically ) so that now I will not lose hardly any time get back to work , huh ? norris ( impenetrable ) you will always be welcome here , sir , if only to receive we gratitude . marlowe ( stuff handkerchief into pocket , take he hat , turn ) thanks . 154 . he walk toward the car . but still norris walk beside he . marlowe already realize that he be be practically frog-walked off the place . they reach the car . norris step ahead , open the door , hold it open for marlowe to get in . marlowe you do not even need a gun , do you ? norris I have never have occasion for one , sir . I do not think I ever will . marlowe neither do i. ( nod toward greenhouse ) what do you think of he this morning ? norris he 's stronger than he look . as you would see for yourself if occasion arise -- which , thanks to you , it will not now . marlowe yeah -- what do regan have that get to the General so ? norris youth , sir . and the soldier 's eye . marlowe like yours . norris thank you , sir . and yours . marlowe thanks . ( he start to get into the car , norris still hold the door ) so miss carmen go to Santa Barbara . norris yes . this morning . marlowe ( get into car , stop ) Mrs. rutledge tell I she go last night . 176 . 177 . 155 . norris ( smoothly ) it be near midnight , sir . I think it be later . I be probably wrong . marlowe I see . he get in . norris shut the door . marlowe start the engine , put car in gear . marlowe if the General have any more trouble , you know how to call . norris and whom to call . thank you again . marlowe drive on . in the mirror he can see norris stand in the drive still watch he , guard the house which marlowe realize he be not to enter again . dissolve to : int . marlowe' apartment - live room marlowe have just enter . he kick the door shut , cross the live room , shed he hat and suit coat on the floor as he pass . int . marlowe apartment - bedroom as marlowe continue on he way to the bath , still peel . he vanish into the bath -- we hear the shower turn on . in the bedroom the phone ring . marlowe return , pick up the phone . marlowe yeah ? the voice of Eddie Mars come clearly from the instrument . mar ' voice hello , soldier . marlowe hello , Eddie . I be wait to hear from you . 178. 156 . mar ' voice get a little news for you , soldier . I be skip the manicure , till I finish up this job . marlowe yeah , I kind of think you would . I get a t.l. for you , too , Eddie . sternwood offer I a thousand buck to find shawn regan . I take it . mar ' voice ( softly , after a pause ) maybe I can help you earn that grand . you remember that stuff that Joe brody move out of geiger 's back room ? marlowe yeah . mar ' voice well , I track it down where Joe stashed it , and move it back up to geiger 's place after the cop get through . you might take a look at it . marlowe yeah -- I might . mar ' voice ( laugh softly ) after last night I be beginning to think you be as tough as you look . I tell you we could do business together . so long , soldier . marlowe be see you . the receiver click . marlowe set he instrument down slowly , look at it a moment , then return to the shower drop he shirt in the doorway . dissolve to : int . marlowe' apartment - bedroom as marlowe come out of the bath , buttone he pajama coat . he be freshly shave , he hair still damp and rumple from the shower . he pull down the shade , put out the daylight , and collapse into the bed . 179 . 157 . just as he be comfortably settle , already half asleep , the doorbell ring . it ring insistently , with a quality of nervous urgency . marlowe finally get up to answer it , pull on a dress gown . int . marlowe' apartment - live room as marlowe admit vivian . she be obviously in a fine state of nerve . she enter quickly -- he shut the door . vivian phil ... marlowe all right , now what ? vivian Eddie Mars just call I . he 's out to get you . marlowe we know that a long time ago . vivian but now you must believe it . you must get out of town -- now . marlowe you better sit down , baby , and catch you breath . he sit down on the davenport . vivian phil , how do you feel about I ? marlowe just like I feel about a stick of dynamite . smooth on the outside -- but it make a mess when it go off . vivian I get a different idea last night . or maybe you be not a man except when two or three people be try to murder you . they kiss -- one of that kiss . vivian frees herself . vivian now go . at once . I will give you money -- a thousand -- five thousand if you will get out of town now -- today ... 158. marlowe that would be stage money . I like to earn my money . I can not earn that much at one time , but what I do earn do not smell bad to I . vivian would you get out of town if you know shawn regan be dead ? marlowe be shawn regan dead ? vivian would you ? marlowe how do he die ? vivian kiss I . marlowe later -- maybe . how do shawn die ? vivian I kill he . by accident . he be teach I to shoot and the gun go off . marlowe and that 's what Eddie Mars have get on you . and so he send you here , to buy I off with you . vivian stare at he , slap he viciously across the face . marlowe take it . she slap marlowe will you have the kiss now , too ? he again . he take it . marlowe you be good , you be very good , but you can not do it , baby . it will not wash . vivian you fool , I kill he , I tell you . just as you be go to be dead if you do not get out of town . do not you see Eddie Mars can not let you stay alive now ? 159 . marlowe Eddie never develop that trouble this morning . now I will ask you one . what 's you game with I ? vivian there 's no game -- with you . marlowe you have be play spin the bottle with I ever since I meet you . it 's " please , phil ' one minute , and ' get out , marlowe ' the next . you have not tell I a straight truth since the first day ... vivian that 's a lie . I be try to play straight now . you fool , do not you realize you be go to die if you stay here ? marlowe no . all you have tell I be that you want I out of town at any price -- and that you still believe I can be buy if you can just find the right currency . sure I 'ma fool . I try to do my job and keep my nose clean . I risk my whole future , the hatred of the cop and Eddie Mars ' gang . I dodge bullet and eat sap . but I be not suppose to feel anything about it either way , because anybody can buy my immortal soul with a few buck -- or maybe just a kiss . sure , I 'ma fool . she stare at he , she eye blaze . suddenly she raise she hand , but before she can slap he , he speak and she pause . marlowe that 's right . have another . I throw they in free to old client . she stop , stare at he , suddenly take he face between she hand , stare at he . vivian you be go to find shawn regan ? marlowe yeah . 180 . 181 . 182. 183. 160 . vivian no matter who get hurt ? marlowe no matter who get hurt . vivian ( let she hand drop to he shoulder ) all right , phil . it 's funny -- I think I really like you now , for the first time . she turn to the door , she head high , she voice very cool and steady . only she eye , hide from marlowe , tell how she feel . vivian Goodbye , phil . she go out . dissolve to : ext . hobart arm - at front entrance - night as marlowe come out , wear a hat and trench - coat against the rain which have begin to fall . he get into he car and drive off . as he do so , a second car , a dark convertible see indistinctly in the shadowy street , swing around the corner behind he , slow , falter , then pick up speed , follow marlowe . ext . laverne terrace - night ( rain ) as marlowe drive slowly , cautiously toward geiger 's house . the street be dark , desert . marlowe drive without light . he stop in the tree-shadow by the angle of geiger 's hedge and slide quietly out of the car , keep close to the hedge . his gum gleam faintly in he hand . ext . laverne terrace - night ( rain ) a section of the road over which marlowe have just come . the dark convertible creep along in the shadow , also without light . it be still impossible to see who be drive . ext . geiger' place - night ( rain ) as marlowe make he way like a stalking cat through the garden , toward the front door . nothing stir . there be no sound but the rain . marlowe cross the expose bridge at a crouching run . 184 . 185 . 186 . 187 . 161 . nothing happen . he pause in the shadow by the front door , then try the knob . silently the door swing open . he wait , then dart swiftly inside . ext . laverne terrace - night ( rain ) the dark convertible , still shroud in the heavy shadow of the tree , park quietly behind marlowe 's car across the road . int . geiger' house - live room marlowe stand beside the door , which he have close , listen . he be only a shadow among shadow . the house be utterly still . marlowe , still cautious , cross into the rear part of the house , then return . marlowe ( laugh softly ) okay , Eddie . I get it -- on the way out . he draw the heavy curtain quickly across the window , turn on the light and shed he hat and coat . the pack box from geiger 's back room stand on the hearth - rug . marlowe bend over to look inside . insert : the packing BOX fill with manila filing envelope , ledger , etc . on the top of the stack be a folder label " sternwood " . it have obviously be place there on purpose . int . geiger' house - live room marlowe pick up the folder -- a knock sound on the front door . marlowe react , drop the folder , and raise he gun . he move quickly to turn out the light , then stand beside the door , flat against the wall . marlowe yeah ? carmen' voice phil -- let I in . marlowe ( after a pause , unlock the door ) come in fast and shut the door behind you . 162. he retain he wary position while carmen obey . when he be sure she 's alone , he sigh , relock the door and turn on the light . his face be bead with sweat , he hand shaking slightly . carmen be lightly clad , without hat or coat . apparently she have leave home in a hurry . carmen do I scare you ? marlowe ( dryly ) . . no -- I be expect visitor ... I think you be in Santa Barbara . carmen they have I lock in my room . they even have my clothes lock up . but I climb down the drain pipe . I have to see you again . marlowe why do you come here ? carmen you be just drive away when I get to you place . I follow . she be obviously wringht up , in a highly emotional state . marlowe it must have be important . carmen it be . phil , I -- I be sorry about the other night . marlowe forget it . carmen I can not . phil , you ... I do not know quite how to say this ... have you ever see something , perhaps ina dream ? something perfect and beautiful , a long way off , and you try to reach it but there be too many thing in you way ? marlowe yeah . I know what you mean . 163 . carmen maybe if everything have be different -- if I have not be bear a sternwood , if my mother have live -- if I would know a man like you before ... oh , phil , be there ever any way back ? marlowe that depend . carmen ( softly , intensely serious ) you could help I find the way . he look at she , say nothing . she come closer to he , childlike , plead . carmen phil , you have get to help I . I be get lose . I do not know where I be go any more , and I be scared . marlowe why I , carmen ? carmen because ... just because you come into the house , and I see you . just a little thing like that . do not you understand , phil ? you have get something I need , some thing I have get to have . strength , maybe . I do not know . but I have get to have it , or -- I do not know what 's go to happen to I . she put she hand on he chest , look up into he face . for once she 's completely honest . marlowe ( quietly ) be that what you want from shawn regan ? she draw away from he , very slowly , she eye change , harden , become wary . carmen perhaps ... phil ... 164 . marlowe ( gently ) I be sorry , carmen . that 's how it go . people have to find they own way -- wherever they be go . you can , if you really want to . he turn away , to let carmen have that moment to herself . marlowe ( after a pause ) before you go ... I have something that belong to you . carmen ( dully ) what ? marlowe you gun . I have be carry it around , think I would see you . he hand she the little gun , out of he coat pocket . marlowe careful of it , now . it 's clean and load in all five . carmen ( take the gun ) thanks . marlowe move past she , as though to open the door . carmen turn around . he do so -- she have the gun levele , and there 's no doubt what she 's go to do with it . marlowe carmen ! carmen it 's vivian , be not it ? marlowe that have nothing to do ... carmen it be vivian with shawn , too . it 's always vivian . 165 . she fire point blank as marlowe take a step toward she continue to fire , four shot in all . then she wait until he have almost reach she and thrust the pistol almost into he face . he catch she wrist just before she fire , push she hand aside as the shot go off . she snatch she hand free , step back , hurl the pistol at he chest . it fall to the ground . he stoops and pick it up . marlowe so that 's the way it be with shawn . carmen ( dazedly ) but he die ... why do not you ? marlowe I blank the shell . carmen ( still stunne , breathless ) you know I -- you know -- marlowe I sort of figure it that way . and I would like it better if shawn have take it in the back after all , from Eddie Mars . -- he be teach you to shoot , be not he ? that 's what he think he be do . only you do not fire at the target . carmen ( with half - dreamy vindictiveness ) no -- they put he in the sump -- down where the old well be . marlowe could not you have find a cleaner place ? carmen he do not mind . marlowe no . I suppose oil and water be the same as wind and air when you be dead ... so vivian pay Eddie Mars , and cover up for you . carmen yes . you would like to do something about it , would not you ? but you can not . I be always safe . 166 . marlowe how do you figure that ? carmen because vivian will not let you . and you will not do it , anyhow . you like my father , just as shawn do . you know what would happen if you take I into court . picture , and long column in the newspaper , and the sternwood name all over the headline . you know what that would do to father . a pause . she be look at he like a wick changel . carmen and vivian 's in on this , too . Way in . you would not want to see she go to prison . marlowe no . I would not want that . and the old man . I would not want to kill he -- for you . his attitude be one of defeat . carmen be pleased , triumphant . marlowe turn away dejectedly , pick up he hat and coat . marlowe ( not look at she ) better take this , carmen , it 's raining . carmen thanks . she put they on quickly , then stand look at marlowe . carmen I think I be glad I do not kill you . this be go to eat you . you be go to lie awake night , think about it . and every so often you will see I somewhere , and I will laugh at you ... Goodbye , phil . she turn quickly toward door . marlowe step quickly to the light switch . as she open the door and step through it , he snap off the light . there be a brief pause -- then gun fire . 188 . 189 . 190 . 167 . ext . geiger' house - at front door as carmen crumple silently onto the doorstep . there be silence . the door swing open . presently from the dark shrubbery Eddie Mars come , walk slowly toward the silent shape . his gun be in he hand . he cross the footbridge and move the dead head with he foot . marlowe snap the switch inside the door ; light flood suddenly out over Mars . marlowe stand in the door , face Mars across carmen 's body as Mars react . marlowe you be a little too quick on the trigger that time , too , Eddie . his voice seem to break the spell . Mars go for he gun , start to raise it , but marlowe fire first . Mars drop beside carmen . as Mars fall , the SOUND of a man run away through the garden come over . marlowe whirl , snap a shot toward the run man , take a few quick step , but stop as the SOUND of a car start and roaring frantically away come over . marlowe turn toward the door . int . house - close shot - marlowe as he gather up the sternwood folder out of the box of blackmail stuff , put it in he pocket as he turn . int . telephone pay station - close shot - marlowe as he speak into phone . marlowe bernie ? it 's I , marlowe . I have get a couple of dead people up here at geiger 's ... yeah ... carmen sternwood and Eddie Mars ... no , I do not shoot -- but one of they ... yeah , I hear you . and you hear I , too . I will be at sternwood 's . I can talk just as well there . he start to put the phone down . as he do so , ohl ' angry voice come over . ohls ' voice marlowe -- marlowe put the phone down , turn to leave the booth . 191 . 192 . 168. int . sternwood house - marlowe -- as norris open the front door , admit he . norris stare at marlowe , divine the truth by intuition . norris it -- have happen ? marlowe so you know , too , do you ? but of course you do : she would have need somebody just to keep the nightmare off . where be she now -- Mrs. rutledge -- as he speak , vivian enter . she stare at he as norris have dome , divine the truth too . vivian phil -- marlowe it 's all right . I be just tell norris . it 's all all right . ( vivian sway ) catch she , norris ! norris catch vivian , support she as marlowe move in , put he arm around vivian . marlowe we have get a few minute until the police get here . norris in here , sir . they half carry vivian out . int . alcove - vivian , marlowe and norris in b.g. vivian have recover control now . vivian poor carmen . even after that -- that -- tell I it be quick . marlowe it be quick . she do not even know , probably . Eddie do . he have a good half second to watch he come . 169 . norris ( to vivian ) she be in the darkness , and Mr. marlowe turn the light on for she -- do not you see ? vivian I know . would you really have send she to -- to the -- marlowe ( quietly ) yes . you do not kill people for free , you know . vivian yes , I know . marlowe so you give Eddie Mars shawn 's fifteen thousand dollar to put he into the sump . vivian only it be my fifteen thousand . I pawn the jewel mother leave I . I still have shawn 's money , hope to find he relative -- if he have relative . not that it matter . I know what you must think of I . marlowe do you ? -- there 's one thing bother I . it 's not the sump . shawn would not care about that now . but he be a Catholic -- vivian I have prayer say for he in the Cathedral . and I bring the Father out here , too . I could not lie to he . he stand beside the sump and bless shawn . I pray too -- for I , at least . marlowe put he hand under she chin , tilting she head back . marlowe you be okay , soldier . a little dumber than I be , but okay . ( straighten up ) I be go to see you father now . 170 . vivian ( rise ) yes . we must tell father -- marlowe not we , unless you mean norris and I . you wait here . you may have to keep bernie ohl from throw I into he basement dungeon before I open my mouth . 193 . int . conservatory - sternwood -- watch as marlowe and norris approach he . he , too , seem to read something by instinct . sternwood come , come , what 's happen to my daughter now ? do not you tell I day ago that I no longer have a heart to break ? norris it 's miss carmen , sir -- sternwood yes ? tell I . marlowe she 's dead , sir . sternwood close he eye , otherwise he do not move . norris move quickly and anxiously toward he , but he open he eye again , as black and fierce as ever . sternwood well ? be I to know how ? norris hesitates in dread , but marlowe speak smoothly . marlowe it be a car crash , sir . she be on she way back from Santa Barbara . it be instantaneous . I do not think she suffer at all . sternwood and will no more -- since it be a car crash . marlowe and there 's one more thing . I find shawn regan . he 's all right . take my word for it . 194 . 171 . again sternwood 's eye shut , then open fierce and black again . sternwood but he will not return . marlowe no . he send you he affection and respect , but he will not come back . sternwood norris -- marlowe ( interrupt ) we will forget the pay on this . I do not do anything . it be drop in my lap -- they all react as vivian enter . vivian phil -- they be here . sternwood the police ? marlowe what would the police be do here , sir ? sternwood yes . what would the police be do here . go to you friend , sir . I be a little tired and will ask to be excuse . goodnight , and thank you for everything . marlowe goodnight , sir . he and vivian walk away , norris follow . int . sternwood hall as marlowe , vivian and norris come out of the conservatory . norris draw ahead , they pause . norris ( to marlowe ) May I add my own thanks , sir ? marlowe you be welcome , soldier . 195 . 172 . norris incline he head , then go off down the hall . marlowe and vivian give each other one of that look , and marlowe take she hand , draw she close to he . they follow norris . at the front door - group shot - ohls accompanied by police as marlowe and vivian approach . ohls all right , marlowe . I be wait to see how you be go to talk yourself out of this one . marlowe ( laugh ) for once I be go to tell the truth . ohls it have better be good . marlowe ( turn to vivian ) it will be good , bernie . it will be very good . because you will not have to hold I here . I have decide already myself to stay . fade out . the end