the Boy next door b Barbara curry bacurry@mac.com ( 626 ) 793-1469 ( 818 ) 324-6703 ext . evanston , illinois - dawn - aerial view a deep ravine slashes through a wood area that stretch for mile behind picturesque home . through the treetop , we glimpse a female runner on a trail . ext . wood - trail - dawn muddy running shoe pound a dirt path . we travel up tone leg and a trim frame to face -- classically beautiful but set hard with determination . this be claire peterson , 39 , though she could pass for year young if she have only lighten up a bit . she speed up as she approach a fallen sycamore that block she path . with the grace of a gazelle she leap over the down tree and land in ... a clearing poise on the brink of the ravine . quiet . mossy . a sylvan paradise , complete with a tire swing hang from a tree . Claire breathes heavily as she stretch against the fall sycamore . eventually , she gaze wander to a weathered carving on its trunk : " c.p. + g.p '' encircle in a heart . her eye darken . her watch beeps , pull she back to the present . she hurry off toward a colonial - style home in the distance . int . peterson house - kitchen —- morning Claire , dress ina prim skirt and blouse , bustles about clear the breakfast table . a newscast play on a small tv , but Claire do not pay much attention to it . newscaster ( 0.s . ) in milwaukee , a jury have convict a local plumber for the murder of he live - in girlfriend , marissa sheldon . claire ( call ) Kevin ! time to go ! a photo of a pretty blonde woman fill the tv screen . Claire give it a fleeting glance while fill she commuter mug . newscaster a beloved teacher at Bay View High , thirty - one year - old sheldon be find bludgeon to death in she apartment last spring -- Claire flick off the tv. claire ( call ) train 's leave , kev ! Claire shove a slice of burnt toast between she tooth , grab she belonging , and go out the door . int . peterson house - adjoining garage - morning Claire enter from the house , juggling she thing . she push the garage door opener on the wall , but the massive wooden door do not budge . she push it again . nothing . claire oh , not today . she set she thing down and lift the door manually struggle under its weight . but it immediately ro be back down , accompany by a sprinkle of drywall . claire damn it . kevin peterson , 13 , gangly , elmer 's giue complexion , emerge from the house lug a backpack and a cello case . he survey the scene and reach for he cell phone . kevin we better call dad . claire no ! I have get it . Claire wedge a ladder under the door . int . claire 's suv - morning with Kevin at she side , Claire check she mirror and back out . instantly , they hear the sicken crunch of metal . int . peterson house - garage - day Claire get out of the suv and grimace at the mangle luggage rack on top , the garage door too low by a matter of millimeter . Kevin get out , he eye wide . kevin oh , man . claire just get in the car . ext . wilkerson preparatory school - morning a majestic brick butide atop a sprawling lawn . suv stream through the gated entry decorate with a '' welcome back ! '' banner . Claire 's suv pull in , the luggage rack secure by a bungee cord and duct tape . int . claire 's suv ( moving ) - day Claire maneuver through the parking lot where excite teens greet each other after a long summer apart . Kevin spot allie cambridge , 17 , beauty pageant material , laugh with girlfriend . Claire notice he eye follow she as they drive past . Claire start to turn into a parking space when a acne-scarred tough - guy , jason zimmer , 18 , step into she path , rough-house with some boy . Kevin shrink at the sight of Jason . Claire wait for he to pass , then park . claire . . you have any problem with he -- kevin Mom . I can handle it . Kevin get out and trudge toward the building . Claire watch he disappear in she mirror , then get out . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - day Claire walk among throng of student , greeting they with genuine affection . vicky lansing , 35 , shapely and wear tight clothes to prove it , come up alongside she . vicky ready for the little bastard ? claire a bit hostile for the first day . vicky why wait ? it 's go to come to that soon enough . vicky pull a chunk of drywall from Claire 's hair . vicky prowl construction site in you spare time ? claire that garage door be act up again . vicky ethan 's get a hot buddy who 's incredibly handy with '' domestic repair . '' claire no thanks . vicky if you change you mind , I be sure this guy could get it up for you . Claire laugh and head off . vicky I 'il take that as a solid maybe . int . wilkerson prep - classroom — day Claire enter as the bell ring . boisterous student reluctantly take they seat . claire for that of you who do not know I , I be Mrs. Peterson . welcome to ancient Greek literature . moan from some of the kid . claire I know . torture , right ? trust I , you be not see nothin’ yet . on a large screen she project a drawing of ancient Greeks force a man into a large hollow brass bull . claire this , my friend , be the brazen bull . a little torture device conjure up by the ancient Greeks to roast criminal alive . and just to amp up the creepy factor , they put a network of pipe inside so the victim 's scream would sound like the bellow of a infuriate bull . various student eeewww ... disgusting ... awesome . claire they be pretty sick and twisted back then . lucky for we , they write about it . she sit on she desk and make eye contact with each of they . claire jealousy - ambition . greed. lust . thousands of year ago , the Greeks be intimately familiar with the dark side of human nature . I be betting that by the end of this class , you will be too . she scan they rivete face and know she 's get they . ext . peterson house - day next door , burly men unload furniture from a move truck . Claire 's suv pull in . Claire and Kevin get out and crane to see the activity . kevin I wonder who 's move in . claire maybe a cute girl you age . Kevin roll he eye and go inside . Claire follow with a chuckle . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Claire load the dishwasher : two plate , two glass , two fork . she sort through the mail , toss aside envelope address to gary peterson . she come to one address to she from '' the Law Offices of Sharon atkinson . '' she open it and find a petition for divorce with a note attach : " sign asap so I can file on you behalf . '' int . peterson house - master bathroom - night Claire , ina nightgown y brushes she tooth . she glimpsis herself in a full length mirror . she pull up she nightgown and stare with clinical detachment at she buttock , turn to catch every angle . she drop she nightgown and spit into the sink . int . peterson house - master bedroom - night Claire peer out at the newly occupy house next door . a light shine through the semi - sheer curtain in the window directly across from hers . suddenly , behind the curtain a male silhouette appear , remove he shirt over he head . Claire draw she curtain . she get into bed ecargfut not to disturb the other side , and turn out the ligh she bury she face in the pillow next to hers and smell '' he . she close she eye . int . upscale department store - day Claire and vicky browse in the shoe department . vicky so file the damn thing already . claire I will . I be just not there yet . vicky what you need be somebody to get ou there . a hot stud who 's gonna arge in and shake you up and make you feel ... you know ... claire desirable . vicky I be think more like horny . it 's mean as a joke but Claire remain gloomy . vicky you be desirable . he just have he head too far up he ass to appreciate it . vicky stop at a the sale rack , while Claire wander over to a display of sexy stilettos . Claire pick up one of the stilettos and stare at it , captivate by its raw sex appeal . a salesman approach . salesman can I bring you you size ? claire oh no . this be not really my -- vicky ( to the salesman ) she take a seven . int . claire 's suv ( moving ) - day Claire drive as vicky touch up she makeup in the mirror . claire I all never wear they . vicky we will see ... Claire pull into she driveway and see a teenage boy play basketball with Kevin . he 's tall and well - develop -- more a man in appearance than a boy . this be noah sandborn , 17 . vicky who the hell be that ? claire I have no idea . they watch as he dribble circle around Kevin , he every muscle flex . vicky scramble out of the car . ext . peterson house - driveway - day vicky approach as noah shoot a perfect layup . vicky bravo ! both boy turn to she , and for the first time we clearly see : noah 's face magnetic eye . confident smile . boyish , yet possess a solemn quality that suggest a old soul live deep inside . kevin hey vicky . vicky ignore Kevin and zeroe in on noah . vicky hi there . vicky lansing . noah noah sandborn . Nice to meet you . vicky the pleasure be all mine . Claire walk up . kevin noah , this be my mom . ( to Claire noah just move in next door . from milwaukee . claire welcome to the neighborhood , noah . noah 's eye come alive as they take Claire in . noah thanks a lot , Mrs. Peterson . claire oh please , call I Claire . kevin noah 's gonna be a senior at wilkerson . vicky no kid . you must be what ? eighteen Si rescy noah not until June . claire okay , vicky . why do not we let the boy play ? Claire vicky into the house . noah watch they go with more than mild interest . Kevin notice . kevin yeah , vicky 's something , be not she ? all the guy call she '' the second come . '' get it ? noah that 's pretty rude , man . kevin oh no , I do not mean it like -- noah chill , bro . just messin’ with you . noah steal the ball from Kevin and slam dunk it . int . peterson house - laundry room - day Claire sort laundry when she hear the sound of a car pull in . she look out to the driveway . her face darken . gary peterson , 45 , get out of a black mercede . athletic and slightly gray , he 's the picture of success in he armani suit -- until you glimpse the melancholy look in he eye . ext . peterson house - back door - day Claire swing the door open just before Gary knock . gary Kevin call . Said the garage door be break . claire I have already schedule someone to come out . gary I be here . let I take a look . int . peterson house - garage - day Gary stand on ladder and poke around inside the motor of the garage door opener . Claire watch from below , arm fold . gary motor 's not burn out . Hand I a Phillips head , would you ? she do , she eye travel the line of he buttock . claire I think you be out of town . gary just a quick trip to meet with a new client . let 's see if that do it . he climb down and push the button . the door rise . gary there we go ... claire where ? gary what ? claire you meeting . where be it ? gary New York . Claire let out a disgust laugh . gary I do not see she . claire we be separate , Gary . you be free to see whomever you want . gary we be still marry as far as I be concerned . and I do not have any interest in see she or anybody else . I _have not be with anyone this whole time . I swear . claire wow , what a feat . congratulation . gary do not be like that . claire like what , Gary ? you want I to believe every . word that come out of you mouth ? I try that . do not exactly work out . gary Claire ... claire thanks for you help with the door . gary . tell Kevin i’1l call he about the camp trip . Gary trudge out the garage door . Claire push the remote button and the door descend between they . ext . peterson house - day Claire cut rose from a hedge in she driveway when noah come out of he house with a man , 55 , in a suit and tie . Claire watch from behind the hedge as they walk to a audi park in noah 's driveway . man promise you will call I if there 's any problem ? noah do not worry . 10 . man you be go to love wilkerson . just wait . you will have a slew of friend before you know it . they conversation become inaudible as the man give noah a affectionate slap on the back and get into he car . noah wave as the man drive off . he head back to the house and spot Claire , who pretend to be mind she own business . noah hey , Claire . that be some rose . floribunda , right ? ; claire I be impressed . noah my mom study horticulture in college . rubbed off , I guess . claire maybe she can tell I how to get rid of this brown edge . noah she die a few year ago in a car accident . claire oh ... I be gorry it 's just you and you dad , then ? she nod to where the car have be park . noah oh. yeah . but he travel a lot for work , so I be pretty much on my own . claire you must get lonely . noah I be use to it . you get use to anything if you have to . he suddenly look bereft , weary . Claire smile with empathy . noah well , see you around . noah head back to he house . Claire watch he go , motherly concern in she eye . claire hey , noah ? you be welcome to join we for dinner tonight . noah turn to she with a smile . 11 . ext . peterson house - kitchen - evening Claire and Kevin watch with amusement as noah devour he meal . noah you do not tell I you mom be such a incredible cook . I might have to crash dinner every night . claire you be welcome anytime . Claire spoon more potato onto noah 's plate , she breast sway with the motion . noah 's eye take they in . noah so I hear you ancient Greek literature class be pretty amazing . kevin then you have not hear she nickname . claire Kevin ... kevin seriously , they call she the '' the crusher . '' noah ( to Claire ) you cover Homer ? he 's my favorite . kevin you be kid , right ? noah dude , you ever read the iliad Achilles be this total bad ass . hot -tempere , full of pride , totally consume by he emotion . claire which prove to be he downfall . noah downfall ? the guy be one of the great warrior of all time . people have be talk about he for century from Dante and Shakespeare to Zeppelin and Dylan . he 's in comic book , video game , movie -- every modern day medium there be . Hell , I nil take that kind of failure any day . kevin wow , man . you be really into it . Claire 's eye gleam -- finally a kid who get it . noah ( to Claire ) you think i_got_a shot at get into you class ? 12 . claire it 's a honors class . involves a ton of work . you think you can handle it ? noah oh , absolutely . noah grin enthusiastically , ready for any challenge . claire I will see what I can do . int . claire 's suv ( moving ) - morning Claire drive while Kevin and noah sit in back play with they iphone . Kevin notice noah 's screen , which display custom theme and application . kevin ( be : noah 's iphone ) dude , what the heck ? noah yeah , I jailbroke it . that 's how I get all my cool apps . Kevin watch with fascination as noah start up a strange third - party application . kevin be that legal ? noah it void the warranty , but it 's legal . I x11 show you how after school if you want . claire here we be . Claire pull through the wilkerson prep gate . noah look out the window at the manicure grounds . he smile with deep satisfaction . ext . wilkerson prep - parking lot - morning as Kevin pull he cello from the back of the suv , Claire notice noah 's tie hang loose around he neck . claire you will get detention if that 's not tie properly . noah I try . I have just never get the hang of it . claire here . 13 . Claire straighten noah 's collar , she finger brush against he skin . claire Chin up a little . she wrap and loop the tie , she face close to he . he gaze at she eyelash , she lip . claire there you go . perfect . she smooth the tie and smile at he . noah thank you . they eye linger on each other for_a long moment , something pass between they . Claire 's smile slowly fade . kevin we be go to be late . claire yes . better get go . kevin come on . I x11 show you around . they head off . Claire blink , unsettle . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - morning noah follow Kevin , who grapples with he cello case through a mob of student . noah need a hand ? kevin I get it . Kevin consult a slip of paper and lead noah to a locker . kevin here it be . noah work the combination when Jason Zimmer come around the corner , a couple of he stooge in tow . he spot Kevin . jason whatcha get in the case , geek Boy ? kevin come on , Jason . stooge maybe it 's a ak47 . jason that right ? you goin’ Columbine on we ? 14 . kevin believe I Zimmer , you have be the first to know . jason oh , geek Boy 's try to be funny . you think you be funny ? huh ? Jason grab the cello , but Kevin hang on tight . they grapple with it amidst hoot and from the stooge . suddenly , a hand go to Jason 's neck . noah let go . Jason writhes in noah 's vice grip then finally release the cello . noah shove he , nearly send he to the floor . jason what the -- Jason wheel around ready for battle , but the cold - blooded look in noah 's eye instantly unnerve he . noah fuck with he , you fuck with I . noah slam he locker and saunter off . Kevin give Jason a shit-eate grin and follow . int . wilkerson prep - cafeteria - day Claire and vicky enter the food line . vicky would not you know I get friggin’ cameron knopf in my class . '' he 's just as big a tard as he older brother . Claire 's eye drift to the dining room where she spot allie Cambridge flirt mercilessly with noah . vicky ( 0.s. ) you would think that parent would see what they get the first time around and be scared shitless to reproduce again . Claire watch they interaction with a proprietary look . vicky follow she gaze . vicky figure she would sniff he out on day one . like a dog to raw meat . vicky chuckle , but Claire turn and walk the other way . 15 . int . claire 's suv ( moving ) - day Claire drive with Kevin beside she and noah in back . Kevin spot Jason Zimmer lighting up a cigarette as he amble down the street with he friend . kevin there he go , douche bag . claire Kevin . kevin well he be and you know it . claire do something happen ? noah it be no big deal . kevin ( to noah ) you should have see he face when you grab he , man . he look like he be gonna pee he pants . claire better be careful , noah . Jason 's not someone you want as you enemy . noah he 's not as tough as he think . Claire smile to herself . claire so how about friend ? you make any of that today , noah ? noah not really . claire I see you talk to allie Cambridge in the cafeteria . she study he in the mirror , but he face give away nothing . kevin man , I have be work up the nerve to talk to she for a year and you do it you first day . claire she 's a very pretty girl . noah very . she 's just not my type . kevin dude , she 's every guy 's type . 16 . noah she 's a little immature , that 's all . noah 's eye meet Claire 's in the mirror . she quickly look away . int . peterson house - master bedroom - night Claire , dress ina nightgown turn down the bed . she go to draw the curtain and see noah read in the window across from hers . noah look up , smile and wave . Claire wave back , embarrassed , and close she curtain . ext . peterson house - driveway -n dawn Claire stretch , dress for a run . noah ( 0.s. ) Morning . she turn and see noah in he driveway in sweat and sneaker . claire noah . noah I see you out here every morning . think maybe you could show I the best trail . she hesitates . noah but I do not want to intrude on you private time or anything ... claire think you can keep up ? ext . wood - morning Claire and noah run side by side , they foot pound in syne along the path we have see Claire travel . when they near t clear , Claire point to the fall sycamore . claire there 's the finish . she sprint ahead and leap over the tree , show off . noah follow . Claire trot in place , gulp water . noah bend over , gulp air . noah oh man ... you do this everyday ? claire rain or shine . 17. noah hang on the tire swing and watch Claire stretch against the fall sycamore . noah it 's nice here . peaceful . claire better stretch or you will be sorry tomorrow . noah join she at the tree , positioning himself near the carve of Claire 's and Gary 's initial . noah be : the carve ) you do this ? claire Kevin 's dad . back when the tree be still stand . noah talk about symbolism . claire . yeah , funny the way thing work out . noah Kevin say there 's a chance you two might get back together . claire I be sure that 's what every kid whose parent split up hope for . noah well , you never know . my mom and dad almost get divorced but they work it out in the end . claire there be some thing that can not be work out . noah watch she as she struggle to hide she pain . noah you ’‘re not really over he , be you ? claire what make you say that ? noah well , this place be obviously special to you -- claire be -— noah you run here every day ... 18 . claire it 's right behind the house . the trail 's exactly six mile to this point . noah I be just say ... claire I be the one who end it . noah people do all kind of crazy thing when it come to love . claire I do not . ext . peterson house - driveway - day Gary and Kevin load camp gear into Gary 's car . gary I think we have get everything . . kevin wait . I forget my PSP . gary you can not bring you PSP . kevin why not ? gary ; because ... it 's camp . kevin my point exactly . he run inside , pass Claire as she come out with a duffle bag . claire I pack he inhaler and_some prednisone in case he allergy act up . gary why do not you come with we ? it would not have to mean anything . | claire ; everything mean something , Gary . noah appear , shirtless , lug a ladder up he driveway . noah hey , Claire . claire hi , noah . noah nod to Gary , then go into he garage . 19 . gary who 's that ? claire we new neighbor . he and Kevin have become fast friend . gary be not he a little old for Kevin ? claire he 's seventeen . a senior at wilkerson . gary and you let he -- Gary stop abruptly as noah come out of the garage . he wait for noah to go into he house , then : gary and you let he call you '' Claire ? '' before she can answer , Kevin appear with he PSP , he iphone , and he laptop . kevin you think they have internet ? gary you can bring the PSP , that 's it . Kevin begrudgingly hand the rest over to Claire . claire do not worry , it ’1ll all be here when you get back . she give Kevin a kiss as he get into the car . gary you sure you be go to be okay here all by yourself ? claire I be a big girl , Gary . Gary get in the car and pull out . Claire wave goodbye . int . peterson house - master bathroom - day Claire lie under the bathroom sink struggle to turn a pipe with a wrench . Water spray out at she . claire damn it . the doorbell ring . int . peterson house - kitchen - day Claire open the door to find noah palming a basketball . 20 . noah be Kevin around ? claire he go camp with he father . noah notice she wet hair , the annoyed look on she face . noah everything all right ? claire yeah , fine . noah okay , I 'o 1ll see you later . he turn to go . claire you know anything about plumbing ? int . peterson house - master bathroom - day noah lie on he back under the sink . Claire stand above he , she eye draw to the narrow slice of he bare abdomen reveal by he raise shirt . noah this piece be corrode . see ? she bend down to look , she face hover near he stomach . noah I can_stop the leak for now but you 'il need to replace it . he turn the wrench and let out a low , guttural groan of exertion . Claire quickly stand , flustered . noah come out and get to he foot , he face flushed . noah want I to get you the part ? claire y. 1I 'il handle it . no , that 's oka int . peterson house - master bedroom - day Claire lead noah past the bed and toward the door . claire I talk to Mr. Warren about you transfer to my class . he say it should not be a problem . noah great . thanks . 21 . Claire continue on , but noah stop when he see a dress laid out on the bed with the sexy stilettos Claire purchase still in they open box . noah you go out tonight ? claire with vicky ... he pick up one of the stilettos , examine it . noah wow , this be something . claire ( embarrassed ) vicky ... Ms. lansing talk I into they . noah I could see she wear this ... claire but not I . noah I do not mean -- claire I be probably go to return they . she take the shoe from he and shove it back in the box . noah what I mean be ... never mind . claire what ? tell I . noah it 's just that some woman do not need this kind of thing to be ... desirable . Claire laugh , she face flush with embarrassment . noah I be no expert or anything , but I have always think true sex appeal be intangible . something that come from inside . woman like vicky try to be sexy by wear thing like this . but it 's really all just smoke and mirror . claire plenty of man seem to go for that . noah plenty of man be idiot . any guy who 's worth you time be not go to fall for this gimmick . ( be : the shoe ) this be hot , no doubt . but you do not need they . you be the real deal . Claire stare at he , at a complete loss for word . noah I be sorry . I probably should not have -- claire no -- noah I be totally out of line . claire it 's okay : in fact , it 's the nicest thing anybody 's say to I in a very long time . int . upscale sushi restaurant - night 22 . Claire and vicky enter a crowded bar area . Claire wear the a . dress that be stilettos , she wear a sensible pair of pump . claire I can not believe I let you talk I into this . vicky you be go to love he . he 's cute , he 's rich , and best of all he 's get all he hair . vicky undoe the next button on Claire 's dress . vicky relax . you look fabulous . id out on she bed , but instead of the vicky wave vigorously at two attractive men across the room . int . upscale sushi restaurant - night vicky and she boy-toy , ethan , 29 , feed each other sushi while ractically sit in each other 's la 1 . P. Claire sit next to ravis , 35 , with she purse wedge firmly between they . Travis do indeed have all he hair , but he look like the kind of guy who take two hour to get it just right . travis all we room be book solid for the next eighteen month thanks to that write - up in condé nast . vicky it use to be a convent until Travis get a hold of it . travis can you imagine ? Prime real estate like 's that ? 23. ethan put defenseless nun out on the street . I do not know how you sleep at night , man . travis hey , they be the one who take a vow of poverty , not I . vicky and ethan laugh , but Claire muster only a tight smile . travis ( to Claire ) speak of vow of poverty , I hear you be a teacher . claire that 's right . travis what do you teach ? claire classical Studies , specialize in ancient Greek literature . travis really ? I do not think they still teach stuff like that in high school claire what 's that suppose to mean ? vicky Claire ... travis well , I mean let 's face it . how many kid be really ofi2g , to use what they learn in assical Studies ? '' as he speak , Travis 's eye flit to a curvaceous woman in a skintight skirt who get up from a nearby table . it 's barely a glimpse , but Claire notice . travis kid nowadays need to be prepare for the reality of the job market . they need practical skill . claire skill ? travis yeah , a trade like plumbing or machine repair . for the brighter one , technology , finance . that 's where the money be . claire ah , money . that 's the goal then . 24 . travis nothing wrong with that . claire except when it 's motivate by nothing more than greed . travis ooooh , we have get ourselves a live one here . you be a little firecracker when you get rile up , be not you ? vicky you know , maybe we should order a little more -- claire seriously ? a '' firecracker '' ? be that how you regard woman who have a opinion on something . . , , travis . . only if it disagree with mine . he laugh , try to lighten the mood . vicky join in , a little too boisterously . Claire gather she belonging . claire it 's get late and I have get a early morning . it was_a pleasure meeting you , Travis . see you tomorrow , vicky . vicky Claire , please ... Claire start to leave . suddenly , she turn back to Travis . claire j.k. Rowling . travis what ? claire billionaire . classics major . she walk off in a huff . ext . sushi restaurant - parking lot - night Light rain fall as Claire hurry to she car . vicky chase after she . vicky Claire , wait ! Claire stop at she car , search for she key . vicky what the hell be that ? 25 . claire come on , vicky . you can not possibly see I with that guy . vicky so you pick a fight with he ? claire he deserve it . vicky what be you problem ? can not you just lighten up and have some fun ? claire maybe I be not ready for '' fun . '' vicky then sit at home alone and mope if that 's what you want . but I guarantee you that 's not what Gary 's up to . claire as a matter of fact , Gary tell I he have not be with 's anyone . vicky oh , please . he screw around when you be together . you think he 's suddenly become celibate now that you be apart ? claire thanks a lot , vicky . Claire open she car door , but vicky stop she . vicky I be sorry . but this limbo thing you be wallowing in -- it 's just not healthy . it 's time to move on . Claire get in , slam the door , and speed away . int . claire 's suv ( moving ) - night rain pelt the windshield as Claire drive . toto 's '' I will be over you '' play on the radio . Claire sing along , she voice crack with emotion . claire remember time go by , promise we once make , what be the reason why , nothing stay the same , as soon as my heart stop break , anticipate , as_soon as forever be through , I will be over you ... 26 . int . claire' suv - night Claire pull into she driveway , she headlight slice through the rain . she push the garage door remote . the door rise about a foot , then stop . claire God damn it . ext . peterson house - driveway - night Claire get out of the car and struggy to lift the door . she raise it several foot when it slip out of she hand and come crash down . she stare at it in disbelief , then let loose on it , kick it and beat it with she fist , until she break into sob . noah ( 0.s. ) Claire . Claire turn and see noah silhouett by the headlight . claire I can not ... it 's break . noah gently pull she clear , then thrust the door up with a spectacular show of force . int . peterson house - garage - night noah lead Claire in . both be drench , they clothes practically transparent in the headlight . noah you be soak . his eye travel she wet dress cling to she body . she do not shrink from he gaze . they hover dangerously close to one another . but Claire suddenly pull back . claire I need to pull the car in . noah I will take care of it . go inside . int . peterson house - laundry room - continuous Claire enter . she wipe she hair with a towel , then bury she face in it . she hear the car pull into the garag ge and the engine go quiet . she tense , wait for noah 's knock . instead , she hear the garage door close . she peek out and see noah 's leg outside as he lower the garage door . her key sit on the step at she foot . 27 . int . peterson house - master bedroom - night Claire enter in she wet clothes , switch on the light . she start to draw the curtain , but stop and look out . noah 's window Dark , lifeless . no way to tell if he 's there . she contemplate it . then , with the curtain still open , she unzip her dress and let it drop to the floor . she stand there , unflinch , in nothing but lacy black underwear . slowly , she hand travel to the front of she bra . they tremble as they unhook the clasp . she hesitates , then pull it open . her bare breast spring forth . she breathes heavily , electrify . then , gather all she courage , she slip off she panty . her naked body stand erect but quiver with fear and arousal . for what seem like a eternity , she stare out at noah 's window , completely vulnerable , bare she body and soul . finally ; unable to endure it any longer , she raise both arm and pull the curtain shut . alone now , she body shake uncontrollably . she sink to she knee , clutches she discard clothes to she body , and let out a anguish moan . ext . peterson house - day bright sunshine beat down on Claire , who be on she knee plant flower in the garden . noah pull into he driveway in a old volvo . he get out with bag of chinese takeout . noah wow , that look great . claire last chance for a little color before winter set in . noah that be some storm last night , be not it ? claire yeah . thanks for you help . noah no problem . 28 . she study he face for a hint that he see she at the window . nothing . noah hey , you have be out here all day . have you eat ? claire no , I -- noah I have get plenty . why do not you join I ? claire thanks , but I should -- noah come on . you must be starve . with a smile , he turn and go inside , leave the door open . she hesitates for a long moment , then follow he in . int . sandborn house - kitchen - day Claire enter as noah gather plate and glass . she look around and see there 's no table or chair in the dining area . noah we be still wait for some of the furniture . hope you do not mind sit on the floor . he pour wine into two glass and offer she one . claire oh , no . I should not . and neither should you . noah I have be drink wine since I be a kid . my mother grow up in France , so she be pretty liberal about thing like that . he take a sip and hold she glass out to she . she reluctantly take it , but do not drink . noah she always say it 's nobody 's business what people do in the privacy of they own home . he clink he glass against hers and take another sip . int . noah 's house - kitchen - evening the light outside have fade . Claire and noah eat on the floor , laugh , comfortable with each other . noah pour the last of the wine into Claire 's empty glass . claire I have be meaning to thank you . 29 . noah for what ? claire for watch out for Kevin . Jason Zimmer have have it in for he since grade school . noah Zimmer 's a punk . claire Gary keep tell he to ignore he . '' be the bigger man '' he say . but honestly ? there 's a part of I that wish kev would just haul off and belt the kid . noah be the '' bigger man '' be a nice concept . but sometimes it 's more important just to be a man . noah gaze at Claire , really take she in . noah I have never see you with you hair up like that . it look nice . claire oh , it 's a mess . noah you have a little stork bite on the back of you neck . claire what ? noah you know , that little red mark some baby be bear with ? it usually go away , but you still have yours . he lift she pony tail and speak softly near she ear . noah right ... there . he rub he finger along the back of she neck . she shiver . he put he lip to the spot . she close she eye for a instant , clearly arouse . then she pull away . claire noah . I can not . noah do you want to ? claire I need to go . she get to she foot . he follow . 30 . noah last night . in the window ... claire you be there ... noah Claire . you be magnificent . with that , Claire 's defense crumble . noah take she face in he hand and kiss she tenderly . she respond , reluctant at first , then hungrily . he push she against the wall , press he body against hers . they grope each other , tear at each other 's clothes . noah pull off Claire 's short , she panty . he find she . bore into she . pound she rhythmically . Claire moan and writhes . poise between pleasure and guilt . until finally abandon all thought of anything but now . her hand clutch he waist , he buttock . she pull he into she ... and climax , wedge between he body and the wall , nowhere else to go . for a jong moment , noah remain press against she , he eye fix on hers . he kiss she softly , intertwine he finger with hers , and pull she toward the stair . she resist , but with one more tug , she follow . int . noah 's house - bedroom - evening the door fling open . Claire and noah stumble in , rip off what 's leave of they clothing , they hand , lip and tongue all over each other . noah throw Claire onto the bed , kissing she neck , she breast , touch she in way she have not be touch in year . suddenly , Claire push he off . confusion flash across noah 's face . but in the next instant , Claire thrust he down on he back and crawl on top , straddle he . she make love to he with urgency . noah groan with pleasure . int . noah 's house - bedroom - morning lebron jame come in and out of focus . gradually we realize we be look at a life-size poster through jaire 's blurry eye . Claire look to the other side of the bed . empty . she get to she foot and pull on some clothes while scan the room : trophy , team pennant , sport memorabilia . 31 . she stare at a collection of bobble -headed cartoon character . she touch one and watch its head bob , she face grim . then she see : a photo of noah and he mother they be hugging and smile . noah look about twelve . his mother be not a day older than Claire . Claire gape at it , the horror of what she have do crash in on she . noah enter , shirt off , toweling he wet hair . noah Morning . he see she want face . noah what 's wrong ? claire I have to go . noah I think we could spend the day -- claire this be a mistake . noah you be have second thought . it 's normal . claire this be not normal . nothing about this be normal . she search for she short , she shoe . claire damn it . where be the rest of my clothes ? noah downstair . remember ? int . noah 's house - kitchen - morning Claire race down the stair , noah at she heel . noah would you stop for one minute ? she find she short , put they on . claire I be old enough to be you mother . noah we have a bond , Claire . Age do not matter . 32 . claire it most certainly do . noah do it last night ? claire I be not think clearly last night . I get sweep up in the moment . in you . you be very ... sweet . and I have be so ... it be flatter . noah it be more than that . claire I know this be hard for you to understand right now . but someday when you meet the girl of you dream noah oh my God ... claire -- _a girl you own age , you 'il realize this be not mean to be . and I do not want you_to think any of this be you fault . I be the adult . I be the one who should have -- noah stop it ! just stop act like we do something wrong . no matter what you say , it be not wrong . they stand silent for a long moment . claire I hope we both can move past this . I mean , we be neighbor and ... I would like we to stay friend . he look away , struggle with he emotion . claire be you go to be okay ? noah ? please look at I . he slowly turn to she , muster a pathetic smile . noah do not worry about I . i’1l be fine . claire okay , well ... she give he a awkward one - armed hug , which he halfheartedly return . she pick up she shoe and slip out the door . 33 . ext . noah 's house - morning Claire sprint barefoot across noah 's lawn . int . peterson house - kitchen - morning Claire burst in and slam the door shut . she lean against it , breathless and shaking . int . peterson house - master bathroom - day Claire enter , rip off she clothes . she turn on the shower and catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror . she stare at she image -- she hair a tangle mess , brush burn on she face , a faint hickey on she neck . a total stranger to she own eye . she stumble into the shower and stand under the water . suddenty she let out peal of hysterical laughter that just as quickly turn into tear . we watch she until steam crawl across the shower door , obscure she from view . int . peterson house - kitchen - evening in a frenzy of guilt -abate activity Claire tend to bubbling pot on the stove and put he finish touch on a homemade cake . a car horn beeps in the driveway . she look up with dread . ext . peterson house - driveway - evening Gary and Kevin get out of the car . Claire step out , a big smile plaster on she face . claire how be it ? do you have fun ? kevin I catch seven trout . gary he do not look at he PSP once . how would it go here ? claire oh , fine . uneventful . Gary hand Kevin he duffle bag , give he a hug . gary see you , later , kiddo . I hada great time . 34 . kevin can you stay for dinner ? ( to Claire ) please , Mom ? int . peterson house - dine room - evening Kevin and Gary regale Claire with storey of they weekend . she seem more relaxed now . kevin so dad forget all the cooking gear . gary I could have swear I pack it . kevin lucky for we I see this video on YouTube . this mountain dude who life in a shack in Montana cook all he food on a shovel wrap in tin foil . claire oh ... disgusting . gary no , it work . kevin seriously , it be like the best meal I ever have . no offense . they chuckle together , like a family . Claire 's eye twinkle . claire well I do not know if it 's 1ll meet you rigorous standard , but I make a cake . anyone interested ? gary sound great . Kevin and Gary trade a look of surprise as Claire gather some plate and head through the swinging door . int . kitchen - evening Claire place the cake on a tray with silverware and plate . she smile at the laughter of father and son come from the other room . claire ( call ) you want coffee ? gary ( 0.s. ) only if you be have some . she fill a coffee pot with water when .. the doorbell ring 35 . Claire tense . turn off the tap . she can hear Gary 's voice but not he word . she pick up the tray with the cake and push through the door . int . dine room - continuous sitting at the table with Gary and Kevin be noah . they laugh together like old friend . ey look up at Claire stand freeze in the doorway . noah wow . do not that look tasty ? Claire cross the threshold with a waver smile . claire noah . how be you ? Gary , this be we new neighbor , noah . gary yes , we have meet . he bring over a part for the bathroom sink . claire oh . Claire quickly turn she attention to cut the cake . noah ( to Gary ) I do not know much about plumbing , but that pipe look pretty bad . you 'il have to take a look . gary jk Claire ) why do not you tell I it be leak ? claire well it ... just start ... while you be go . noah ( to Claire do you tell he about what happen last night ? Claire look up from the cake to noah . his eye toy with she . noah with the garage door ? claire oh . yes . I almost forget . it 's on the fritz again . gary you be kid I . I just fix the damn thing . noah they do not make they like they use to . that 's what my dad always say . 36 . kevin ( be : Gary ) that 's what he say , too . every chance he get . gary because it 's true . Claire hand out plate of cake , then sit next to Gary rather than in she original seat , which be now next to noah . Gary help Claire with she chair , then casually drape he arm across its back , give Claire 's shoulder a squeeze . noah 's jaw clenches ever so slightly . kevin ( to noah ) so what I miss while I be go ? anything big ? noah I will say ... claire ( interrupt ) we have a huge thunderstorm on Friday night . do you guy get it up there ? gary no , dry as a bone at the lake . noah it be pretty intense here . kevin ( to noah ) do you go to mcmullin 's party ? noah Nah . have better thing to do . kevin like what ? noah open he mouth to speak but Claire again interrupt . claire I have dinner with vicky . that new sushi restaurant . gary oh ? how be it ? Claire speak to Gary but look at noah , she word mean as a warning to he . claire I would not recommend it . noah really ? I hear it 's pretty good . 37 . claire trust I , you do not want to go there . Claire take a drink of water , glower at noah over she the top of she glass . he return she gaze . a standoff . finally , noah get to he foot . noah go noah well , it 's get late . kevin it 's only nine . claire do not you have homework , Kevin ? kevin yeah but -- noah I do too , actually . great to meet you , Mr. Peterson . let I know if you want any help with that garage door . gary yeah , thanks noah . May take you up on that . noah see you tomorrow , kev. Mrs. Peterson . out the door . gary Nice kid . Claire clatter the plate . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Claire wash the dish . Gary enter with a corrode pipe . gary he be right . caught it just in time . Gary grab a towel and dry . they work in silence , side by side . gary so , I have be think about get a new job . something where I could cut back on my travel . handle local deal . claire oh Gary , no . you have work too hard to give it all up like that . . gary | I just think if I be not go so much ... 38 . claire it be never about that . gary but it be . do not you see ? we grow apart . I be willing to do whatever it take to fix this . I just want to come home . claire I do not know ... gary it be a mistake , Claire . people make mistake . his word resonate with she now . she turn to he , a flicker of compassion in she eye . claire I know . I need some time . int . wilkerson prep - faculty lounge - morning Claire pour herself a cup of coffee as teacher bustle in and out . she spot noah and Kevin out on the field talk to allie . she watch they . a hand gudden ly go to she shoulder . Claire jump , sloshing she coffee . e turn to see vicky . claire damn it . vicky sorry . Claire dab herself with napkin . vicky see noah outside . vicky enjoy the view , I see . claire do not start . vicky . jeez , you be a little uptight . for a instant Claire look like she might confide in she , but the moment pass . claire I be late for class . Claire hurry out the door . vicky watch she go . int . wilkerson prep - claire 's classroom - day Claire enter just as the bell ring . claire okay , take you seat . 39 . she pull some papers from she briefcase . claire I have grade you quizze . overall you do a very nice job . they hoot with victory , but be soon interrupt by headmaster edward warren , 5as , who enter without knock . headmaster warren Mrs. Peterson ... claire Mr. Warren . what a pleasant -- she stop cold when she see noah enter behind he . headmaster warren good news . I have approve noah 's transfer to you class . ( to noah find yourself a seat , son . noah thank you , sir . headmaster warren carry on . headmaster Warren go out the door . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - day Claire follow headmaster Warren out . |. claire Ed , wait ... he turn impatiently . claire we have already cover quite a bit of material ... . headmaster warren you say yourself when you request the transfer -- claire I do not request the transfer . I merely identify he as a possible candidate . headmaster warren and you assure I he 's a bright boy . his transcript bear you out . I be sure he ’1ll manage to catch up . claire but ... headmaster warren you can work with he after school until he do . 40 . he turn and walk off . int . peterson house —- family room - evening Kevin and noah play a deathmatch videogame . int . peterson house - kitchen - continuous sound of kill fill the air as Claire set the table for two . / claire Kevin ! kevin ( 0.s. ) what ? claire would you come here ? kevin ( 0.s. ) in a minute ! claire now , please . she wait anxiously until he appear . kevin what ? I be in the middle of this . claire dinner 's ready . time for you to say goodbye . kevin I tell he he could stay . claire absolutely not . kevin why not ? claire because ... he 's be here all day . kevin so? claire I just think we should have some family time -- kevin God , what _is you problem ? first you be all '' mis casa es su casa '' and now you be kick he out ? claire I be not kick he out -- 41 . kevin look , I have already invite he . if you do not want he here , you can tell he yourself . int . peterson house - kitchen - evening Claire , Kevin and noah sit at the dinner table , the air tense . noah another delicious dinner , Claire . I like what you have do with you potato this time . she do not respond . noah so kev . what do you think about allie Cambridge ? kevin what do you mean ? noah she ask I oie if you be sao to homecome with anyone . think you be '' cute . '' Claire 's eye dart to noah with suspicion . kevin no way . ; noah . seriously , man , she 's into you . kevin what have you tell she ? noah I say you be consider several prospect . Kevin laugh uproariously . noah you know how lucky you be ? she could have anyone , but she choose you . when a girl give you a open like that , you get to jump on it . be not that right , Claire ? she look up at he , she voice cold , she eye even colder . claire it 's up to Kevin . she get to she foot and empty she plate into the disposal . claire put you dish in the sink when you be finish . she walk out . 42 . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day rain pummel the window as Claire work alone at she desk . vicky enter with a flower arrangement . vicky look like Gary 's up to he old trick again . claire oh , be not they gorgeous ? she open the card : '' please give I another chance . '' vicky what 's go on ? claire he want to get back together . vicky and ? you tell he no fuck way , right ? claire I say I have think about it . vicky so that 's it ? he drop a bundle at ftd and you melt like some lovesick schoolgirl ? I can not believe you be fall for this bullshit . claire I have be marry to this man for seventeen year , vicky . you have not have a relationship last more than six month . maybe it 's time you worry about yourself for a change . vicky step back , sun by she venom . Claire 's edge soften . claire he mess up , okay ? everybody do . sometimes you have to try to get past it . vicky I sure as hell hope you know what you be do . she walk out . Claire pick up she cellphone and dial . int . restaurant - day pack with a noisy lunch crowd . Gary dine with several businessman when he phone ring . he see it 's Claire . gary Excuse I . he move to a equally loud lobby area and answer . 43. gary hi. intercut with Claire in she classroom claire do I catch you at a bad time ? gary not at all . claire inwant to thank you for the flower . they be beautiful . he press he finger to he free ear . gary what 's that ? claire I say thank you . for the flower . gary Flowers ? she 's strike silent , she mind racing . gary Claire ? claire you know what ? I have get to go . let I call you back . Claire hang up and glare at the flower . she pick they up and stuff they into the waste basket . ext . wilkerson prep - day still raining . kid huddle under the eave wait for ride . Claire pull up in the suv and honk . Kevin run toward she . int . claire 's suv - day as soon as Kevin hop in , Claire pull away from the curb . kevin hey , what about noah ? claire what about he ? kevin we drive he this morning . how 's he gonna get home ? claire if he want a ride , he should have be out here on time . 44 , kevin but he 's count on -- she look at he in the rearview mirror , she face stern . claire I be not argue with you about this , Kevin . kevin look out ! Claire look to the road and see noah stand directly in front of they . she slam on the brake , miss he by a hair . noah and Claire exchange a intense look through the rain - streak windshield . Kevin open the door , call to noah . kevin come on . get in . noah get into the back seat . kevin sorry , man . we do not think you be come . noah my fault for be late . his eye meet Claire 's in the rear view mirror . accuse she . Claire 's eye dart away . ext . peterson house - driveway - day Claire pull in . Kevin and noah jump out with they backpack and run into the house . Claire sit there watch the rain before force herself to go in . int . peterson house - foyer - day Claire enter to find noah wait for she . noah Claire -- claire you need to go home . Claire head toward the kitchen but noah block she way . noah what 's wrong ? claire I think you know . kevin ( 0.s. ) ( call ) Mom , be there any more of that quesadilla ? 45 . claire ( call to Kevin ) be right there . noah no , I do not . I swear . claire that flower , noah . what be you even think ? noah they be a peace offer . claire you expect I to believe that ? noah well , yeah . claire okay , assume that 's what it be , do you think for one minute about how it would look ? a student send a teacher flower ? noah that 's why I do not sign the card . claire you be a real piece of work , soa now that ? noah okay , maybe send flower be a bad idea . but give I a break . I have no idea what you want I to do here . claire I want you to stop it ! ( lowering she voice ) I want you to forget any of this ever happen . noah Claire , listen -- claire no . I do not want talk about this again , noah . not ever . and from now on , you be to call I " Mrs. Peterson . '' she turn and walk out . int . peterson house - master bedroom —- night Claire read in bed when she hear the sound of pebble hit the window . she get up and see Gary down in the yard . '' she open the window . claire Gary ? what in the world ...? 46 . gary I do not want to wake kev. int . peterson house - kitchen - night at the door , Gary present Claire with a bouquet of gardenias . claire oh Gary , they be gorgeous . gary and it 's not just because some other guy beat I to it . claire there be no other guy . another teacher 's flower be deliver to I by mistake , that 's all . gary guess I should take it as a_good sign you think they be from I . she fill a vase with water . he hover , gaze at she nightgown , she freshly scrubbed face . gary be you asleep ? claire just read a little . he move close , run he hand along she arm . : gary . : I miss see you like this . they hold a long look , then fall into a passionate kiss . Gary 's 's hand travel down Claire 's back to she buttock . he pull she against he . they breathe become heavy . Claire open she eye for just a second and see : noah watch they through the window of the back door . his face be tight , he eye menace . Claire push Gary away . Gary turn and spot noah . and in that instant , noah 's sullen expression change to a sheepish grin . Gary swing the door open . gary hey , noah . noah hi , Mr. Peterson . so sorry to interrupt , but I think I leave my cell phone here . claire it 's a little late . 47 . noah I know , but I see the light and my dad 's suppose to call from Qatar . before Claire can protest , noah head into the adjoin family room . gary Qatar ? what 's he do there ? noah some big hotel development he 's work on . noah bend down in front of the couch , block Claire 's and Gary 's view of he , and search the cushion . he slip the phone out of he pocket and drop it underneath the couch . noah here it be . noah hold up the phone triumphantly and return to the kitchen where he spot Gary 's flower . noah Nice flower . gary gardenias . Claire 's favorite . Gary wrap he arm around Claire 's waist and kiss she . she smile , uncomfortable , and pull away . __ noah even nicer than the one you get at school today . claire I be just tell Mr. Peterson that ebae be deliver to I by mistake . noah oh ... right . gary you get a girlfriend , noah ? noah not really . gary a good-look guy like you ? you probably have you pick of they . noah I have get my eye on someone at schoo but she do not seem interested . gary do not let that stop you . she 's probably just play hard to get : woman love to make we guy suffer . 48 . claire Gary . it 's late . I be sure noah need to get to sleep . Gary glance at he watch . gary oh , right . I too . Big meeting in the morning . he give Claire a peck . gary see you later . ( to noah ) come on kiddo . he put he arm around noah 's shoulder and escort he out . noah glance back at Claire , he eye dark . Claire shut the door behind they . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day Claire sit on she desk in front of she student , hold a copy of '' oedipus the king . '' she avoid eye contact with noah . claire so what do you think sophocle be try to teach the Greeks through this play ? noah raise he hand , but Claire search for someone else . she see allie whisper to the girl next to she . claire allie . allie ummm ... I do not know . claire give it a shot . allie maybe ... that you can not change you fate ? claire yes , allie , excellent . throughout the story we see oedipus try to avoid he fate . yet it continually catch up with he , do not it ? noah raise he hand again , but Claire ignore it . claire so perhaps the story be mean to show how powerless man be against the god . noah yeah , well I have a different take on the whole thing . 49 . Claire visibly stiffen at the interruption . noah I think oedipus 's downfall be cause by everybody turn a blind eye to the fact . I mean , we all know you can not ignore the truth for long before it come back and bite you in the ass . his tone be confrontational , he smile taunting . as Claire struggle to maintain she composure , the bell ring and student jump to they foot . claire we 'il continue this tomorrow . the class file out while Claire erase the board . but noah linger . when the last student be go , he approach . noah what the hell be that ? claire | what be you talk about ? noah you keep blow I off . he whip out a paper from he binder . noah and a '' D '' on the essay ? claire you do not write about the topic I assign . you be lucky I do not give you a '' F . '' she gather up she thing and go for the door . he follow . noah do you even read it ? my topic be way better than the one you give . claire that 's beside the point . you need to learn to follow the rule , noah . he grab she arm before she make it out the door . noah oh , like you do ? claire let go of I . he do , reluctantly . she hurry out . 50 . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - day noah storm out of Claire 's classroom , balling up the essay in he fist . a student call out he name , but he ignore he and keep go , he face enraged . he turn the corner and spot Kevin , he back press up against the locker by Jason Zimmer , who swat he upside the head every time he open he mouth to speak . noah 's look turn rabid . he charge at Jason , grab he by the collar and slam he , face first , into the locker . kevin hey , it 's okay . he be just -- but noah bashes Jason 's face with he fist , a absolute look of madness in he of es . Kevin watch with a combination of horror and awe . er student gather at a distance . Jason land a punch or two , but he 's no match for noah 's torrent of fury . soon enough , Jason fall to the floor , face down , barely move . noah pull Jason 's head up by the hair and hiss into he ear . noah he 's mine . understand ? Jason blink , utterly confuse . noah let Jason 's head drop to the floor , then give he a kick in the gut for good measure . he turn to Kevin . noah go ahead . give it all you get . kevin no . it 's enough . noah pussy . just like you old man . he turn and stalk off . Kevin stare after he . int . wilkerson prep - headmaster 's office - day Claire enter to find Kevin slump in a chair . Mr. Warren pace in front of he . claire what 's go on ? headmaster warren noah sandborn and Jason Zimmer exchange blow earlier this morning . noah be in the nurse 's office and Jason be on he way to the hospital . claire Kevin ? be you involved in this ? 51 . headmaster warren it appear he 's the only bystander who see how the fight start . so I be count on he to enlighten I . Kevin sit mute , want no part of this . / claire Kevin ? Kevin look to the floor , silent . headmaster warren then I have no choice but to suspend both of they . kevin Jason be be a jerk to I again . noah try to stop he . headmaster warren how ? kevin he tell Zimmer to knock it off . that 's when Zimmer pop he . headmaster warren so Jason throw the first punch ? you be absolutely certain ? kevin noah be only defend himself . int . peterson house - kevin 's room - night Kevin brushes he tooth . Claire knock , then enter . claire I think we should talk . kevin about what ? claire Jason have be suspend for a week . Kevin shrug , spit . claire I realize what a tough spot Mr. Warren and I put you in . it would have be hard to rat on noah if he have be the one who start that fight . kevin what 's gonna happen to noah ? claire a_week 's detention . and he 's not allow to go to homecome . 52 . kevin he be not go anyway . he get into bed . claire this suspension will go on Jason 's permanent record . just_as he 's apply to college . it could really hurt he future . kevin yeah well , sometimes you get what you deserve . he roll away from she . she linger , want to say more . but she turn out the light and leave . ext . wood - trail / clearing - day Claire run along the ravine , push herself , work off steam . as usual , she leap over the fall sycamore in the clear , complete she run . breathe deeply , she stretch against the fall sycamore when she spot : the carving of her and gary initial . it 's be gouge out with a knife . completely obliterate . Claire stare at it , agitate , she mind racing . suddenly , a branch crack somewhere behind she , the sound echoing through the tree . she whirl around and scan the wood . nothing -- not even a squirrel . thoroughly spook , she turn and run toward the house . ext . peterson house - day Claire emerge from the wood into she backyard when she see noah 's father in he driveway get into he audi . claire ( call ) Mr. sandborn ! Claire hurry to catch he , but by the time she get to the house , he 's already head down the street . Claire run inside and return with she key . she hop into she car and head in the same direction . int . claire 's suv ( moving ) - day Claire drive , search for the audi . she come to a bus intersection and spot it sit at a light a couple of block to she leave . she change lane to make the turn when she light change red . she slam on the brake . 53 . claire damn it . after a moment , the audi get a green light and continue on . Claire wait impatiently for hers to turn . claire come on .... when she light turn green , she gun it , cut in front of oncoming traffic to make the left-hand turn . now she have some serious catch up to do . she weave in and out , but heavy traffic keep she at a distance . without warning , the audi turn and pull into a parking garage underneath a fifteen - story office build . Claire immediately change lane . horn honk , tire squeal . she 's force to drive past the building . she park illegally and rush toward the building . int . office build atrium - day Claire enter and scan the bustling crowd . she spot noah 's father head to a elevator , he back to she . claire ( call ) Mr. sandborn ! she catch up to he just as he 's about to board . claire please , I need to speak to you . Claire put she hand to he shoulder and he turn to face she . to she astonishment , it 's a complete stranger . claire I be sorry . I think you be ... he get on the elevator and the door close between they . Claire turn back to the vast atrium teaming with people . but Mr. sandborn be nowhere to be see . int . wilkerson prep - gymnasium - night cheesy decoration . loud , thumping music . student dress in semi-formal attire bump and grind . Claire and vicky stand against a wall , act as chaperone . vicky watch Kevin and allie dance . Kevin be awkward and far too enthusiastic . allie try hard not to look embarrassed . vicky Kevin certainly have come out of he shell . claire I keep ask myself what she 's do with he . vicky what ? he 's sweet , he 's smart ... he 's get a lot of potential . claire I do not think most girl that a e , put too much stock in '' potentia especially girl like that . vicky yeah , I be sure she have noah in she sights . a long beat as she study Claire . vicky speak of noah ... claire what ? vicky I do not want you to take my head off or anything , but ... I hear a couple of girl talk . Claire turn to she , alarmed . just gossipy '' palishit , but they seem to be under the impression that you two be quite the item . claire what ?! vicky ( chuckle and after I call dib on he . claire vicky . this be serious . vicky oh_come on . you know how kid talk . I can not even count the number of time I have hear rumor like that about I . I just think you should know . a girl come up to they . girl Mrs. Peterson ? we be out of punch . vicky I ’l1l go . claire no . I could use a breather . 55 . int . wilkerson prep - cafeteria —- night empty . Dark . the dance music be distant and hollow . Claire 's heel echo . a noise . she stop . listen . nothing . int . walk -in refrigerator - night Claire pull open the heavy steel door and_flick on the light . her breath form a cloud in the cold air . she spot a jug of punch on a shelf and go for it . suddenly , the door slam shut . she jump , startle . she look around . she 's all alone , but somehow it do not feel like it . she grab the punch and rush to the door . but the handle do not budge . with rise panic , she jiggle the handle and bang on the door . finally , the handle click and turn . she fling the door open and run out , let it slam shut behind she . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - night Claire hurry back to the gym when noah step out from a dark corner . his eye be swollen from the fight . claire you be not suppose to be here . noah we need to talk . he pull she into a shadowy alcove . Claire try to get away but he shove she up against the wall . noah you behavior have be completely unacceptable . claire my behavior -- noah so that shit-head husband of yours suddenly want to come crawl back and you decide you do not need I anymore ? you be just do with I ? claire I think we agree -- noah we do not agree ! you agree ! and suddenly I be nothing to you . like what we have never even happen ! claire just calm down and listen -- 56 . noah I be good for you , Claire . I can take care of you . claire I do not need you to -- noah you do need I . Kevin need I . who get he a date for the dance ? who handle Jason Zimmer ? would Gary have do that ? Big man can not even fix the fuck garage door ! he pound he fist into the wall next to she head . she wince with fear . noah I be sorry but ... I love you . and I know you love I . you be just scared ... he press up against she and try kissing she . she push he away . undeterred , he go for she again . this time , she slap he hard across the face . he stare at she , stunne . claire it be one night . it 's not love . suddenly , the gym door bang open off - screen and student 's laughter fill the hall . claire stay away from I , noah . and Kevin , too . she rush back into the gym . noah remain in the shadow , he jaw clench . int . volkswagon bug - night allie park in front of the Peterson house . Kevin , in the passenger seat , look to the light glow in the window . allie she wait up for you ? kevin na . I pretty much come and go as I please . he cringe at how ridiculous that sound . kevin anyway 1 I have a really good time tonight . __ allie ( polite ) yeah , I too . he pull a CD from he breast pocket and hand it to she . 57 . kevin for you . allie what be it ? kevin it 's I . my music , I mean . allie okay ... kevin go ahead ... play it . allie now ? Kevin slip the disk into the car 's CD player . a metallica song play by a string quartet pour from the speaker . it 's astonishingly good . allie this be you ? kevin on the cello . allie you be pretty good . he smile , embarrassed but delighted . kevin I have like to play professionally some day . that 's my dream anyway . allie cool . kevin well , thanks for go with I ... and drive ... he lean in and give she a tender kiss . she blink with surprise and kiss he back . allie yeah , no problem . Kevin get out of the car , but become tangle up in the seat belt . '' he shut the door and look through the open window . kevin well , good night . allie wave and pull away . a stunne smile broaden across Kevin 's face . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Claire make a cup of tea . Kevin enter , adrenaline pump . 58 . claire so , how have it go ? kevin she 's really cool . I mean she just ets it , you know ? and you should ave see how much she dig my music . claire you let she listen to you music ? kevin yeah , I give she a CD . claire wow , kev. that 's ... big . he see the wariness in she eye . kevin what ? claire nothing ... kevin you do not like she , do you ? claire of course I do -- kevin noah say you would not . claire well noah 's wrong . I just ... I know she date a lot of boy . and I do not want you to be disappointed -- kevin God , you can not just let I enjoy this for one minute , can you ? claire oh , honey , I do not mean to -- kevin Fine , whatever . he turn and stomp up the stair . claire ( sotto voce ) shit . ext . peterson house - front yard - day a mulcher roar as Claire stuff armful of leave into its mouth . she watch they be chew to bit . a hand suddenly touch she shoulder . startle , she spin around to find Gary . she shut off the machine . 59 . claire you scared I to death . gary sorry . I call you name . be kev ready ? her face be blank . gary the game ? int . peterson house - kitchen - day Claire and Gary enter . gary I have get a extra ticket . think kev might want to invite noah . claire oh ... I do not think noah 's around . gary his car be out there . claire I see he leave a little while ago . someone pick he up . gary too bad . I hate for this thing to go to waste . claire maybe you can sell it . gary maybe you have like to come along . there 's no hide the hope in he eye . ext . peterson house - driveway - day Claire , Gary , and Kevin , dress in a Chicago blackhawks Jersey , get into Gary 's car . as they pull away , noah watch they from he bedroom window . int . UNITED CENTER - evening blackhawks versus sabre . Claire , Gary and Kevin sit close to the ice . gary you cold ? claire I be fine . 60 . gary you have get goose bump all over . Gary put he jacket around Claire 's shoulder and rub she arm . she allow herself to sink into he just a little . Gary spot a Beer vendor and flag he down . gary two over here . Gary pass a beer to Claire . she sip it judiciously . Gary take a sip of he own , then hand he cup to Kevin . claire you can not give he that . gary a couple of swig will not kill he . Kevin gulp it . claire Kevin . kevin God , it 's just beer . noah 's allow to g@rink . '' and hardér stuff than this . claire ( erupting ) I do not care what noah do . you be not noah . gary Claire , calm down . claire I be sorry . it 's just ... it 's a slippery slope , that 's all . gary you be right . Gary take the beer from Kevin . Kevin roll he eye . gary so how ' bout this seat , kev ? kevin awesome . gary what if I tell you they be ours this year ? kevin you buy season ticket ? gary sure do . 61 . claire but you always say they have be a waste because of how many game you would miss . gary thing change ... the crowd go wild as the blackhawks score . Gary and Kevin jump to they foot . kevin do you see that ! gary ( whistling , call ) Way to go , kopecky !! Gary and Kevin high - five . Gary sit down , sip he beer . his eye be on the game , deliberately avoid Claire 's gaze . claire what 's change ? gary huh ? claire you say thing change . gary do I ? his eye twinkle with mischief . claire okay , out with it . what 's go on ? gary I leave keener & Wale . claire what ? kevin be you fire ? gary no , just think it be time for a change . I take a position at a smaller firm where I will not have to travel anymore . kevin cool ! gary yeah , I think so . int . peterson house - kitchen - night the house be dark and quiet . Claire and Gary sit at the table over cup of coffee . 62 . gary I tell they I want to focus on develop local project _and they be fine with that . I can even work from home if I want . claire ; I have never see you so excited about you job before . gary it 's more than the job . it 's like I have take back control of my life . he take she hand in he . gary we be not get any young , Claire . kev’1ll be off to college in a couple year . I do not want to waste any more time be apart . she_ stare at they intertwined finger - they wedding ring still on they finger . gary do you think you will ever be able to love I again ? claire oh , Gary . I have never stop loving you . she caress he face and pull he to she , kissing he softly , then more and more passionately -- until there 's no stop . int . peterson house - master bedroom —- night Claire and Gary move together , make love . they look into each other 's eye , deeply connect . suddenly , Claire grip he tightly , moan fervently . claire Gary ... oh ... her sound spur he on . he thrust into she , overwhelm by wild desire for she . Claire thrill at he newly awaken aggression . she arch she back and grab onto the headboard , white - knuckle , gasp for air , as_ item -- alarm clock , photo , book -- topple from the build - in shelf . they orgasm in unison , both cry out with pleasure . Gary collapse on top of she . they breathe together , they body exhaust , they face radiant . claire you think we break something ? 63 . gary naw , just give it a couple of minute . he grin down at she . she hit he and slip into a fit of giggle . int . peterson house - master bedroom - night Claire and Gary sleep intertwined , deep contentment on they face . suddenly , loud music from 's outside wake Claire . Claire creep out of bed , careful not to wake Gary . she go to the window and peek out . noah 's bedroom the light be on , the window ajar . noah appear , bare - chest . he unzip he jeans and wiggle out of they . Claire quickly turn away , about to close the curtain when she hear a girl 's laughter . Claire turn back and see : allie in noah 's room , kneel down in front of noah , she head move back and forth rhythmically . she 's give he a blow job . Claire stand there , freeze with shock -- a deer catch in the ambient light of noah 's room . noah 's eye fix on claire -- he face angry and spiteful . horrify , Claire snap the curtain shut . int . peterson house - kitchen - morning Claire slide a plate of egg in front of Gary . he look invigorate , like a new man . she look drain . gary thanks , honey . they look great . gary pull Claire to he and kiss she . she give hima hollow smile , then wander to the coffee pot . her eye stray out the window to noah 's house . Kevin bound down the stair . his face light up when he see Gary . kevin ; hey , dad . what be you do here ? gary well , I stay over last night . 64 . kevin really ? so ... what ? be thing go back to normal around here ? Kevin look to Claire for a answer . claire yeah , honey . dad 's come home . gary if that 's okay with you . kevin be you kid ? ext . peterson house - driveway - morning Claire and Gary kiss good - bye . Gary 's lip linger , like a lover 's . gary I will be home early . claire sound good . Gary get into he car and drive off . Claire wave , smile . Claire turn to get into she own car and see noah glower at she from he driveway . noah what a fuck whore you be . just like Kevin 's little girlfriend . Claire be stunne speechless . she scramble into she car and slam the door . she honk the horn . Kevin rush out of the house with he backpack and cello . kevin I be come ! he see noah . kevin ; hey bro , you want a ride ? claire ( out the window ) get in the car , Kevin . kevin ( to Claire ) but I be just -- claire get . in . the car . Kevin obey , mortify . noah smirk . Claire roll up the window and back out . int . clairen explorer ( moving ) - morning Kevin turn to Claire . kevin jeez , what 's the big rush ? claire we be go to be late . kevin no we be not . they drive in silence for a long while . claire honey ... I would like you to stay away from he . kevin what ? why ? claire he 's a bad influence -- kevin oh you have get to be -- claire -- with all the fight and -- kevin I tell you , Zimmer start that . claire Kevin , you be just go to have to trust I on this . kevin no . you be not tell I who I can and can not be friend with . claire he 's not you friend ! kevin bullshit ! claire Kevin ! kevin stop the car . claire would you just listen to I for one -- kevin stop the friggin’ car ! Kevin start to open the door , force Claire to stop . grab he backpack and get out . 66 . claire Kevin , please do not -- Kevin slam the door and stalk off down the street . almost immediately , noah 's volvo pull up to the curb ahead of Claire . the car door swing open and Kevin get in . Claire watch they drive off . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day student laugh and chatter , ignore the ringin bell . Claire race in , she eye darting to noah 's desk . empty . claire okay , everybody -- allie giggle with a hot guy behind she . claire miss Cambridge , if you would not mind ? allie turn to the front with a smug smile . claire ( to the class ) as I say last class , we will be watch '' oedipus the King '' today . I advise you to pay attention . you 'il be test on this . Claire insert a dvd into a player and head to the back with a remote control . claire someone get the light , please . Claire start the movie as the light go out . int . wilkerson prep - claire 's classroom - later student 's attention wane as the movie drone on . on screen oedipus and jocasta ( he wife and mother ) embrace with joy upon hearing that the dread prophecy -- that oedipus would kill he father and sleep with he mother -- be wrong . jocasta as for marrying you mother , you be not the first man_to have dream that dream . every man be he mother 's lover in imagination or in -- just then , jocasta 's word be replace by the lusty moan of a woman . 67 . Claire 's student stir with confusion , then erupt in giggle as it become clear that the dialogue have be dub over with the frenetic sound of two people having sex . this kid can not possibly recognize the lover 's groan as Claire 's and noah 's . but Claire do . she rush to the dvd player , pound on the remote . but the scene continue , the sex noise grow more feverish by the second . the student hoot and holler as Claire frantically push button on the dvd player . finally , the tv screen go blank and the dvd pop out . but it 's total bedlam now . claire quiet ! now ! Claire slam she hand down on she desk . the room go silent except for a few linger snicker . claire start on you homework . Claire hurry out , dvd in hand . the student erupt again . int . wilkerson prep - lavatory - day Claire storm in and lock herself in a stall . with a craze look in she eye , she rip the dvd apart and throw the piece into the toilet . she flush with she foot over and over again , watch the shard gradually swirl down the drain . she look down at she hand , tremble and bleed ext . wilkerson prep - track - day a whistle blow and runners take off around the track . Claire , hand bandage , tromp across the field to noah , who sit on the bleacher with a couple of other boy . claire | I need to speak with you . noah I be busy right now , Mrs. Peterson . with '' p ysical Education . believe you be familiar with the subject . the boy snicker at he audacity . claire okay , you be come with I . she grab he arm and jerk he to he foot . 68 . noah ow , hey . take it easy . his protest attract the attention of mr . schmidt , the overweight p.e. teacher , who stand some distance away . Claire pull noah over to the side of the bleacher . claire you tape-record we ? noah just for my own pleasure at first . claire what be this ? be you try to unish I ? because if you think or one minute that I be -- Mr. Schmidt suddenly appear . mr . schmidt sandborn , you be up . noah head off . Mr. Schmidt linger , a uneasiness in he eye . __ mr. schmidt ; everything all right , Claire ? claire yes . Fine . she hurry away . ext . peterson house - driveway - evening Claire pull in behind Gary 's car . noah 's house loom over she as she unload grocery . int . peterson house - kitchen - evening monday night football blare from a tv as Claire lug grocery bag though the door . she see box of Gary 's thing stack against the wall . claire ( call ) I be home . gary ( 0.8 ) in here . int . peterson house - family room - evening Claire enter to find Kevin and Gary eat pizza and watch he game . Kevin refuse to look she way . claire sorry I be not here to help you with you stuff . 69 . gary it 's okay , the boy give I a hand . o.s. a toilet flush . noah emerge from a nearby bathroom . noah hi , Mrs. Peterson . noah deliberately brushes up against she as he pass . he plop down on the couch next to Gary . noah what I miss ? gary it 's first and third . ( to Claire ) come sit down , honey . have some pizza . noah yeah , there 's plenty . noah scoot over to create a space between himself and Gary . he pat the couch . claire uh , no . I have get grocery ... she wander out of the room . int . peterson house - kitchen - evening Claire put the grocery away . noah enter and help himself to a soda from the refrigerator . noah do we have any chip ? he search through the bag and pull some out . Claire grab they from he . claire oo , you can eat you own chip in you own home . she turn she back on he , stuff the chip into the cupboard . he come up behind she . breathes on she . noah come over tonight . after they be asleep . say three o'clock . claire go fuck yourself . noah let 's see ... who would you prefer I show we video to first ? Gary ? or maybe ... ( call out ) Kevin ? 70 . kevin ( 0.s. ) yeah ? Claire 's tough facade instantly crumble . then , just as he 's about to call out to Kevin again : claire do not . without take he eye off of Claire , noah call to Kevin . noah you want a soda ? kevin ( 0.s. ) yeah , and bring some chip . noah reach past Claire to the chip , press she against the counter . noah I 'il leave a light on . he grab another soda and head back to Gary and Kevin , whistling a light - heart tune . int . peterson house - master bedroom —- night in bed , Gary wake from a sound sleep and read the alarm clock : 2:55 a.m . he roll over and see Claire 's side empty . he sit up , blink in the dark , and spot Claire sit ina chair in the shadow . gary Claire ? what 's wrong ? claire I can not sleep . gary come back to bed . Claire go to he and sit on the bed . claire Gary , you know how you say that people make mistake ? he nod , still half asleep . claire I ... while we be separate ... gary Claire , I do not need to hear this . I do not want to hear it . claire but -- 71 . gary we can not keep dwelling on the past . it 's not good for we . he kiss she and pull back the blanket . gary come on , get in . she do , reluctantly . gary oh sweetie , you be freezing . he spoon she , hold she tight , warming she . her face be pain , guilt-ridd . claire I love you , Gary . gary I love you , too . he kiss she head and close he eye , a content smile on he face . Claire stare straight ahead , wide awake . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - morning the bell ring as Claire race to she classroom where student wait outside . claire sorry everybody . she unlock the door and begin to open it . on the floor , just inside the doorway , she glimpsis : a large glossy photo of her and noah having sex . Claire push the student back into the hall . claire give I a minute guy . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day Claire step inside and lock the door behind she . the SOUND of a computer printer go full tilt , fill the room . she flick on the light and stare with horror . sex photo be everywhere : paper the wall , stick out of desk and file cabinet , staple to the american flag . scrawle across the chalkboard in a manic hand : '' once more I must bring what be dark to light -- oedipus the king , 804 . '' 72 . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - day outside , student step aside for headmaster Warren . he bang on Claire 's door and rattles the knob . headmaster warren Mrs. Peterson ? allie she lock we out . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day Claire race around gather photo and stuff they into she briefcase . headmaster warren ( 0.s. ) Mrs. Peterson , open this door . claire ( call ) just a minute . she gather the last of the photo and she go for the door when she notice : the printer churn out a endless stream of sex photo , each frame slightly different from the previous one -- a frame by frame chronicle of they one - night stand . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - day headmaster Warren pull a key ring from he pocket and search for the master . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day Claire stuff printer page into a drawer , then yank the plug of the printer from the wall . the machine die in the midst of printing one last photo . she hear the key turning the lock . int . wilkerson prep - hallway - day headmaster Warren turn the knob just as Claire swing the door open , breathless and dishevel . student push past she into the room . her eye follow they . headmaster warren what 's go on here ? the bell ring five minute ago . claire I must not have hear it . 73. she glance down and see one of the photo , face down , under headmaster Warren 's foot . headmaster warren you_know classroom door be not to be lock during school hour . he step into the room and look around . Claire barely breathes as Warren 's eye travel past the partially print photo in the printer and land on the sophocle quote that noah scribble on the board . he turn back to Claire . headmaster warren I would like to see you in my office after class . claire what for ? headmaster warren we will discuss it then . he turn to go when he finally notice the photo underfoot . he bend to pick it up , but Claire get to it first and quickly fold it up . claire I will be there . int . wilkerson prep - headmaster 's office - day Claire enter and be greet by a haggard secretary , loretta , 58 . loretta go on in , hon . he should be back any minute . int . inner office - continuous Claire enter and sit in a guest chair , face a long wall of cabinet label '' student file . '' her eye settle on the drawer label '' r-s . '' Claire glance through the open door to Loretta , who speak on the phone , she back turn . Claire sneak to the cabinet and pull open the file drawer . it screech . she freeze with panic , but hear Loretta still on the phone . she rifle through the file until find noah 's . she pull out a transcript from BAY view high school in milwaukee . all '' a 's . in a section entitle '' disciplinary action '' there be simply the entry '' none . '' she scan a '' family History '' document and spot he mother 's name , '' Rebecca sandborn '' and the notation '' decease '' next to it . 74 . her eye travel to he father 's name , '' charle sandborn . '' next to it , appear the same notation : '' deceased . '' claire decease ? outer office headmaster Warren enter , grab some message slip from Loretta . loretta Mrs. Peterson be wait in you office . headmaster warren hold my call . he peruse he message as he go into the : int . inner office - continuous Claire now sit innocently in the guest chair . Warren shut the door . claire what 's this about , Ed ? he sit down behind he desk , he face grim . headmaster warren I want to know what 's go on between you and noah sandborn . claire what do you mean ? headmaster warren Mike Schmidt report a incident yesterday on the field . claire oh that ... it be nothing . I be reprimand he . for skip class . headmaster warren Mike say you get physical with he . you grab ! im . claire I may have pull he arm a little , just to get he attention ... headmaster warren you know what we policy be regard physical contact with student -- claire yes , of course , but -- he slide such as : one great 75 . headmaster warren frankly , I be more than a little concerned , what with the interest you take in he early on -- claire interest ? I do nothing more than I would for any student who want to be in my class . headmaster warren and then there 's this . she a photo of a wall cover in graffiti . phrase '' I fuck Mrs. Peterson '' and '' Claire Peterson be lay . '' she stare in disbelief . headmaster warren it be on the wall of the boy 's javatory across from you room . I have have it paint over but I intend to speak to the boy in you class about it . include noah . claire come on , Ed . you start question the boy and you be just go to fuel the flame of a ridiculous rumor . headmaster warren this be a serious matter . claire I be sure I be not the first teacher whose name have appear on the bathroom wall . that 's what boy do . headmaster warren I be not question you integrity , Claire . but we can not tolerate even a appearance of impropriety without a thorough investigation . it 's for you own protection . claire that 's bullshit and you know it . headmaster warren ( shocked ) Claire -- claire let 's not pretend that this be anything more than you try to cover you own ass . you talk to the boy and you can expect a call from my union rep . Claire storm out . int . wilkerson prep - library - day Claire walk through the aisle , she eye scan for noah . 76 . she seat herself at a faraway computer terminal and log on . she access the milwaukee Journal sentinel newspaper archive . she type in the name '' Charles sandborn . '' a obituary from three year earlier pop up . hoto of '' Charles sandborn , 55 '' depict a stern man pith flinty eye and thin lip . Claire scan the article and we see the phrase : '' self - inflicted gunshot wound '' and '' rule accidental . '' Claire gape at the screen . ext . wilkerson prep - cafeteria - day Claire and vicky huddle over they lunch in a faraway corner . claire and now he 's threaten to show it to Gary if I do not continue to ... go along . vicky oh Jesus , Claire . vicky sit back , the wind knock out of she . claire I can not go to the police . they could arrest I for sleep with a minor . vicky that be such bullshit . he 's not some innocent little kid you take advantage of . he 's practically a grow man . and he know exactly what he be do . claire I be not so sure everybody would see it that way . they fall silent until a gang of rowdy kid pass . vicky you have to tell Gary . claire I can not . vicky you do not really have a choice here . claire he 's be try so hard . and this be the first time in year I feel like we be really connect . vicky he 's get to understand . you be separate , for Christ 's sake . if he have not cheat on you in the first place ... 77 . claire you can not blame he . I do this . vicky okay , but you say yourself that people make mistake . he love you so damn much , let he prove it . claire and what if noah go to the school with this video ? '' or to the police ? vicky do you really think he 's go to put himself in the middle of a scandal like that ? claire I do not know . there 's something not right about he . vicky yeah , no kid ... claire no , I mean , all this time he 's be pretend he father be alive . but I find he obituary . noah 's father die three year ago . he accidentally shot himself while clean he gun . vicky Christ . claire I can not take any chance with he , vicky . I need to get that video . ext . wilkerson prep - day dismissal time . the carpool lane be in full swing . int . wilkerson prep - clairen classroom - day vicky put on claire 's coat and red plaid hat and scarf while Claire watch noah in the courtyard below . claire he 's out there . make sure he see you , but do not get too close . vicky how do I look ? Claire turn around and examine vicky . claire ; I wear my purse on my right . vicky switch Claire 's purse from she leave shoulder to she right . Claire hand she the key to she suv . 78 . claire I nil need about a hour . vicky you get it . ext . wilkerson prep - day vicky walks_to_the parking lot , head bow . from a distance , she look exactly like Claire . noah spot she and watch she go . vicky get into Claire 's suv and drive away . noah follow in he volvo . a moment later , Claire emerge from the school and get into vicky 's mustang . int . claire 's suv - day in she mirror , vicky see noah 's volvo several car behind . vicky come on , honey . we be go for a nice little ride . she turn onto the interstate . ext . peterson house - day Claire park vicky 's mustang in the garage , shut the door . ext . noah 's house - backyard - day Claire try noah 's door , then a couple of window . lock . she scour the rest of the house when she notice -- a rose -covered trellis lead to a small second - story window leave open a crack . she climb up , thorns pierce she skin , rotted wood crack with every step . at the top , she can not quite reach the window . she crawl onto the steeply slant roof and inch she way to the window , steadying herself with one foot in the gutter . Claire pries open the window when suddenly the gutter give way . a e grab the windowsill as the gutter clatter of the ground . Claire hang there , gather strength , then hoist herself up and through the open . int. / ext . claire 's suv - day Claire 's suv_drive along with noah not far behind . vicky see the fuel light come on . 79 . vicky oh great . int . noah 's house - noah 's bedroom - day Claire enter and glance at the unmade bed , remember : she rummages through noah 's desk drawer , but find nothing . she slam the last drawer and scan the room , decide where to search next . her eye pass over the lebron James poster and that 's when see it : a tiny hole in lebron jame 's eye . Claire climb onto a chair to examine it . the hole in the poster extend into the wall where she see the glint of a camera lens . ext . gas station - day vicky pump gas . out of the corner of she eye , she see noah 's volvo idling on the side of the road . she turn around to replace the nozzle in the pump . when she turn back , noah 's car be gone . int . noah 's house - noah 's bedroom - day Claire open a closet door . she move box stack on a shelf and find a camcorder . she open the compartment where its dv tape should be ... but it 's empty . just then , Claire 's cell phone ring . she see it 's vicky and answer . vicky ( v.o. ) I lose he . claire what ? vicky ( v.o. ) I stop for gas and I think he figure it out . he 's probably head back right now . claire but I have not find the video . vicky just get the hell out of there . right now ! int . noah 's house - kitchen - day Claire hurry down the stair and head toward the back door when she hear the muffle sound of a computer printer . she follow the noise to a door and open it . 80. stair lead to a dark basement . Claire hesitates , look out at the empty driveway , then flick on the light and go down . int . noah 's house - basement - day through the shadow , Claire follow the noise to a wooden door . she push it open with a stale creak to reveal -- a SMALL workroom outfit with a computer and printer . the printer churn , calibrate itself . Claire stop it . Claire move the computer mouse and noah 's desktop appear . she click on the hard drive and scan its content . she see it almost immediately : a folder labele '' claire . '' she open it and find hundred of candid photo of herself . the early photo capture Claire perform mundane task : gardening , unload grocery , take out the trash . but gradually they become more intimate . there 's Claire read in bed , eat dinner with Kevin , kissing Gary , and then undressing for noah at her bedroom window . claire bastard . she scroll down and let out a tiny gasp when she see a movie file . and from its thumbnail it 's clear that this be what she 's be look for . Claire drag the movie file and the photo to the trash and hit the '' secure empty trash '' button . a message warn that the file will be permanently delete . without hesitation , she hit the delete button . Claire close the empty folder and be about to put the computer back to sleep when she spot a folder labele '' marissa '' Claire open it and see score of candid photo of a pretty fair - haire woman in she early thirty . Claire zero in on a series of photo take in rapid succession : - marissa exit a red brick building , teenager all about . - she walk to a wait car . - she get in on the passenger side . - she kiss the man who be drive . Claire enlarge a photo that include the building : the word '' BAY view high school '' be carve in the stone pediment . Claire hit the print button and the printer come to life . but just as suddenly , it stop . the display : '' add Paper . '' 81 . claire damn it . she rummages , find a few stray sheet and shove they in . the printer churn out part of the photo , then grind to a halt . '' Paper jam . '' with grow panic Claire slam various compartment and trays until the printer resume and spit the photo out . Claire grab it and run from the room . int . noah 's house - kitchen - day Claire emerge from the basement , ready to get the hell out of dodge , when she see the man she once think be noah 's father at the front door . she panic and try to duck out of sight but it 's too late . he wave to she through the window and wait at the door . she have no choice but to answer it . noah 's father hi there . be noah around ? claire uh , no ... noah 's father Jim robie . premiere Real estate . he hand she a business card complete with he photo and title : '' license broker . '' Claire stare at it . jim robie and you be ? claire «+. the clean woman . jim robie oh. great . well , would you mind see he get this ? it 's a copy of the record deed . for he file . he hand she a envelope . she look anxiously past he to the street , expect noah to pull up at any moment . claire of course . she start to close the door , but robie put a hand to it . he look she over , head tilt with curiosity . jim robie you do not look like a clean woman . claire I use to be a teacher . before the budget cut . he nod thoughtfully , then head to he car . 82 . when he pull away , Claire drop the envelope onto the welcome mat , and sprint across the lawn and into she house . int . claire 's explorer - day vicky pull Claire 's suv into the driveway of she ranch - style house and park . she bend down to gather she thing . when she come back up : noah be stand at she window wear a bone-chill smile . int . peterson house - kitchen - day Claire stare at the photo of marissa while hold the phone to she ear . secretary ( v.o. ) Bay View High School . principal brodie 's office , may I help you ? claire yes , I be look for a teacher , I think . her name 's marissa . I do not know she last name , but -- secretary ( v.o. ) I be not authorize to speak about the incident . you will have to call back during school hour when principal brodie be in . claire wait a minute . what incident ? the secretary hang up , leave Claire blink with confusion . int . peterson house - kitchen - night a tv play in the background as Claire finish the dish . she dry she hand and peek into the family room where Gary have nodd off in front of the tv . int . peterson house - study - night Claire sit at the desk and flick | jon a computer . she google '' Bay View teacher marissa . several news site pop up . Claire click on milwaukee 's '' fox6now.com . '' a news headline , date two month earlier , appear on the screen : '' boyfriend convicted in BAY view teacher 's murder '' below it be a video window . Claire hit '' play . '' on screen a reporter speak into a microphone outside a courthouse . 83. reporter ( 0.s. ) here in downtown milwaukee , a jury have just return a guilty verdict against Alex jacoby for the murder Bay View High School teacher , marissa sheldon . a photo of a marissa appear . and only now do Claire recall see she photo on the news that first day of school . reporter sheldon be find bludgeon to death in she apartment last May . detective quickly zeroed in on jacoby , she live - in boyfriend , as a prime suspect . gary ( 0.s. ) Claire ? startle , Claire click off the site . gary | what be you do ? claire oh , just check email . she click onto she email account just as Gary come around behind she . he rub she shoulder , kiss she neck . gary you okay ? you feel tense . claire be a long day . gary come on , let 's go up . i’1l give you a nice , long back rub . Gary pull Claire to she foot and lead she out . int . peterson house - master bedroom - morning the gray light of dawn filter in . Claire slip out of bed while Gary sleep . int . peterson house - kitchen - morning Claire stick a note on the refrigerator : '' early | morning faculty meeting . completely forget . I love you . ext . peterson house - driveway - morning Claire back vicky 's 's mustang out of the driveway , glance nervously at noah 's sleep house . 84 . int . vicky 's mustang - morning ( moving ) Claire listen to vicky 's record greeting on she cell phone , then leave a message . claire vicky , I have get to go out of town for the ey ; I 's all drop off you car and fill you in on the detail when I get back . tell Warren I be sick , would you ? thanks . she hang up and follow the interstate highway sign for milwaukee wisconsin . ext . BAY view high school - day the red brick building from the photo . it sit on a busy city block . no sprawling lawn here . Claire pull into a overcrowded lot . int . BAY view high school - principal 's office - day Claire sit across the desk from principal helen brodie , 60 . principal brodie marissa be a gift teacher . Young , energetic . the student love she . claire do she ever mention have difficulty with a student name noah sandborn ? brodie 's eye become alert although she voice remain casual . principal brodie noah sandborn ... claire you must remember he . he be here through he junior year . before transfer to wilkerson prep this fall . principal brodie oh , yes . a wonderful student . very bright , as I recall . top of he class . claire ; I be sure . but I be hope to talk to you off the record . principal brodie I beg you pardon ? claire noah sandborn have be a problem at wilkerson . he 's be extremely aggressive . sexually . toward certain female faculty member . 85 . principal brodie I can assure you we experience no such problem with he . claire oh really . Claire thrust the photo of marissa sheldon at she . claire I find this on he computer . there be hundred more . all of marissa . principal brodie stare at the photo , she mind calculate . claire he be stalking she -- principal brodie oh , this do not -- claire -- and I suspect there be something go on between they . principal brodie absolutely not ! claire perhaps you be unaware . principal brodie Mrs. Peterson , I run a tight ship here . I certainly would have be alert to any such impropriety . just then there be a quick knock at the door and rhonda salazar , 27 , fresh - face but plain , enter . rhonda helen , I have that figure you -- Rhonda see Claire and the distress look of both woman . rhonda oh , I be sorry . I '’11 come back ... principal brodie no , no , Ms. Salazar , that 's quite all right . i’ ' 11 take they . as Rhonda hand some papers to principal brodie , she eye travel to the photo of marissa on she desk . Rhonda blanch , then look to Claire , who meet she gaze . claire ( to Rhonda ) be you a teacher here ? _ rhonda I be a guidance counselor . principal brodie Mrs. Peterson -- 86. claire do you know noah sandborn ? principal brodie Mrs. Peterson ! you will direct you question to I . ( to Rhonda ) will you excuse we , please ? Rhonda hurry out . principal brodie turn to Claire . principal brodie let I be absolutely clear . while it 's possible that this young man harbore some kind of schoolboy crush on marissa , I can assure you nothing ever come of it . and I will not allow you to disparage the memory of one of Bay View 's finest teacher , not to mention the reputation of this school . she stand abruptly and open the door . principal brodie now if you do not mind ... ext . BAY view high - parking lot - day Claire wait in she car . Rhonda appear , head toward she car . Claire scramble out . claire Ms. salizar ! Rhonda turn to see Claire approach fast . her face register panic . she pick up she pace . claire please wait . rhonda I can not help you . claire you know something . I see the look on you face when you see that photo . rhonda I do not know anything . Claire grab she by the arm . claire he 's try to hurt I . and my family . I need you help . please . ext . BAY view high school - day Claire and Rhonda huddle in a secluded spot at the outskirt of a soccer field . player scrimmage in the distant background . 87 . rhonda she have a affair with he . when she try to break it off , he threaten ... all kind of thing . claire oh my God ... rhonda you have to understand , Mrs. Peterson . marissa be a good person . she be just naive . and very lonely . claire what about she boyfriend ? rhonda Alex treat she like shit -- make she feel completely worthless . noah see how vulnerable she be , how much she need to be love . claire and he take advantage . rhonda he know every button to push . and he could be quite the charmer . but something tell I you already know at . Claire lower she eye , ashamed . rhonda as big a creep as Alex be , I never believe he kill she . he be not the kind to do something like that . claire what be you say ? he be set up ? rhonda marissa would tell I thing about noah . how jealous he be of Alex . how desperate he become when she try to end it . I do not think much about it . but then , after marissa 's murder , I happen see to e. something in noah 's fi something I be not suppose to see . claire tell I . rhonda noah 's mother hang herself when he be eleven . claire no ... rhonda and that 's not the worst of it . she have be molest he since he was_a little boy . apparently she could not live with herself anymore . Rhonda hold Claire 's shocked gaze . rhonda I be no child psychologist , Mrs. Peterson . but I have guess trauma like that make for one pretty fuck up kid . int . vicky 's mustang - day Claire speed down the highway , she phone to she ear . int . gary mercede - day Gary 's answer he phone as he pull into the driveway with Kevin . gary hello ? intercut with Claire in vicky 's mustang . claire Gary . where be you ? gary where be you ? Kevin say you be not at school today . _. claire be Kevin with you ? gary yeah . we just pull in . claire thank God . where be noah ? Gary and Kevin get out of the car . gary I do not know . why ? claire Gary , listen . go inside and lock the door . and whatever you do , do not let noah in . gary what 's go on ? claire we need to talk . I be on my way . just promise I you will do it . gary okay . 89 . Gary hear the click on the line and follow Kevin inside . he look back at noah 's house as he shut the door behind he . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Gary fumble about , cooking dinner . through the window , he see noah in he kitchen . noah smile and wave . Gary return a friendly salute . Gary 's phone ring . he dig it out of he pocket and answer . gary hello ? ( a beat ) yeah , hey Rick . ( a beat ) no , he send it this afternoon . want I to forward you a copy ? int . peterson house - study - night Gary enter and sit down at the computer , the phone still to he ear . he scroll through he email message . gary ( into the phone ) I could have swear you be copy on it ... yeah , here we go . he forward the email to Rick , then lean back in he chair . gary so how have you meeting go ? int . vicky 's mustang - night Claire speed through the street of she neighborhood until finally she warmly light house come into view . int . peterson house - study - night Gary sit with he foot up , talk on the phone . suddenly , he computer ding with a email alert . he squint at the screen and see a new untitle email from noah . gary no problem , Rick , anytime . see you tomorrow . Gary set he blackberry down and open noah 's email . Inside be a video file accompany by the message , '' watch I . '' off screen the door slam . claire ( 0.s. ) Gary ?! gary in here ! 90 . he move the mouse cursor over the video file but just before he click on it , Claire burst in , she face grave . gary what 's the matter ? claire oh Gary ... something terrible ... gary what be it ? Claire fall to she knee before he and seize he hand . claire you have no idea how sorry I be . I never mean to hurt anyone -- especially you . gary honey , just slow down and tell I what happen . claire it 's noah , Gary . I be so stupid -- just then , they hear a sharp cry of distress from Kevin upstairs . Gary get to he foot . gary ( call ) kev ? you okay ? there be the loud pounding of foot on the stair , then Kevin appear in the doorway , a OPEN laptop in hand . he glare at aire , angry tear in he eye . kevin so this be what it 's all about -- why you do not want I around he . / claire Kevin -- gary what 's go on ? kevin see for yourself . Kevin slam he laptop down on Gary 's desk . the same email Gary receive from noah be open on Kevin 's screen . kevin ( to Claire ) you be a fuck hypocrite , you know that ?! he storm out . a moment later , the front door slam . claire Gary , please let I -- but before she can utter another word , he click on the video file from noah on Kevin 's laptop . gl. on the screen : noah and Claire fall onto he bed . he crawl on top of she , rip off she shirt , kiss she breast . she moan . the blood drain from Gary 's face . claire Gary , please , stop it -- but he continue watch , he expression wooden . sex noise mount in volume and intensity , fill every corner of the room . claire stop it ! she slam the laptop shut and send it crash to the floor . Gary stand there , stunne . claire it be a mistake -- gary all this time ... claire it be only once . while we be separate . gary . Jesus ... you let I quit my job «+. move back in ... claire I try to tell you . so many time , I -- gary you let I think we be start over . claire we be . gary start oy over mean be honest ! ea 's I may have '' jone a really shitty thing , but I come clean . from day one , I take complete responsibility . claire yeah , after you cheat on I ! good point , but Gary do not even hear she . gary and you god damn sanctimonious attitude . judge I , while here you be fuck the kid next door ! claire he be no kid . 92 . gary he 's seventeen year old ! he 's you student ! Christ , you could go to prison for this . do you even think of that ? claire he 's a predator , Gary . and I be not the first one he 's target . he be involved with a teacher from he other school . and I think he kill she . gary that 's ridiculous . he head for the door , leave he blackberry behind . Claire follow , she hysteria grow . claire where be you go ? gary to find Kevin . claire I be come with you . gary no you be not . you have do enough . he go out , slamm the door behind he . tear fall down she cheek , she watch Gary 's car pull away . Claire take off she coat and open the closet door to hang it up . and that 's when she see it . hanging on the empty coat hook be claire 's burberry hat and scarf that vicky wear when act as a decoy the day before . a note pin to it say : '' the greatest grief be that we cause ourselves . sophocle , oedipus the king . '' int . vicky 's mustang - night Claire drive , she cell phone to she ear . vicky 's voice ( v.o. ) I be busy , you be busy . leave you number and we will get busy together . claire vicky , I need to know you be okay . Claire wait for a answer but there 's only silence . she throw down she phone and step on the gas . ext . vicky 's house - night Claire screech into vicky 's driveway , she headlight illuminate she own suv just where vicky park if last . Claire jump out and hurry toward the dark house . 93 . at the side door , she ring the bell and peer through the window . Inside , a black cat stare out at she . Claire rap on the window . the cat startles and scamper off . claire vicky ! open up ! it 's I ! no answer . Claire remove a key hide under a pot plant . int . vicky 's house - kitchen - night Claire enter , flick on a light . claire vicky ? the cat meow at she from a distance , then run into : int . live room - night Claire walk through , notice nothing out of place . she come to a door open only a crack . the cat squeeze in . claire vicky ? Claire push the door open and peer into : int . bedroom - night dimly light from the light of a adjoin bathroom . Claire enter , look around . the cat weave between she leg , purring loudly . claire hey , you be all wet . she look down and see ... her shin cover in blood she cry out and the cat scurries into the bathroom , painting a blood stain on the door . Claire press a tremble hand to the bathroom door and push it open . a figure suddenly appear in front of she . Claire jump back . then see it 's just she own reflection in a full length mirror . she force herself to go in . int . bathroom - night the bathtub be shroud by a blood - spatter shower curtain . fill with dread , Claire fling the shower curtain open . to she surprise , the tub be empty , spotless . 94 . she stare , bewilder . then , in the quiet , she hear a slow dripping . she slowly turn and see : vicky' body hang on the back of the door , the towel hook skewer through she throat , she blood drip onto the white tile . Claire reel back , grip the sink to keep from collapse . she stagger out of thé room . ext . vicky 's house - night Claire heave with sob as she race to vicky 's mustang . she get in and take off , she tire squealing . int . vicky 's mustang - night Claire search she purse for she phone . she veer over the double yellow line and into the path of a oncoming car . a horn wail . Claire careen back into she own lane with no time to spare . she find she phone and dial . gary voicemail ( v.o. ) you have reach Gary Peterson ... claire dammit !!! ( after the beep ) vicky 's dead , Gary . stay away from the house ... ext . peterson house - night Gary 's mercede pull into the driveway . int . gary mercede - continuous as Gary park , a blear vey Kevin sit next to he notice a light in noah 's bedroom window . suddenly Kevin scramble out of the car and rush toward noah 's house . gary ( call ) Kevin ! no! ext . noah 's house - day before Kevin even get to the door , noah swing it open . noah hey , man . no hard -- 95 . Kevin punch he in the gut . noah double over with a groan . then , he begin to laugh . noah look pal , if you really want to do some damage , you aim for the face . Kevin swing at noah 's jaw . noah dodge the punch . Kevin swing again but get only air . infuriate , he tackle noah to the floor and flail at he head and chest . kevin you fuckin’ ... you be my friend . Gary arrive and pull Kevin off . gary Kevin . come on . come on . that 's no way to handle this . Kevin fight Gary , but emotion soon overwhelm he and he collapse against Gary with a sob . gary it 's go to be okay . we be go to work this out . as a family . noah stagger to he foot . noah you think she want any part of you pathetic little '' family . '' all you '' be a bigger man '' bullshit . from the guy who fuck around . some big man , Gary . ( to Kevin ) and you you self - center little prick . when be the last time you even tell she you love she ? you both have you chance . I be the one she turn to when she need someone . I be she family . Gary stare at noah , the kid 's madness fully dawn on he . gary she be right . you be one twisted little bastard . with that , noah charge at Gary , but Gary grab he by the collar and slam he against the wall . gary let I tell you something , you piece of shit . it 's go to take a hell of a lot more than some little boy to tear this family apart . Gary let go of he and put he arm around Kevin . gary come on , kev . let 's go home . they leave together . noah remain press against the wall , shake : 96 . int . vicky 's mustang - night Claire weave through traffic , the phone to she ear . dispatcher ( v.o. ) cook County 911 , what be the nature of you emergency ? _. claire my family be in danger . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Gary and Kevin enter . Kevin rush up the stair . int . peterson house - kevin 's room - night Kevin enter , throw himself onto the bed and flip on the stereo . cello music pour out . defiantly , he crank it up . int . peterson house - study - night as the cello music play upstairs , Gary pick up Kevin 's laptop from the floor . he see noah and Claire freeze on the screen . he close the video window and delete the video . with shaky hand , he pour himself a drink . swallow it in one gulp . pour another . he spot he blackberry sit on the desk where he leave it and see a voicemail message from Claire . suddenly , there 's a loud clatter from another room . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Gary enter , sniff the air . gary what the hell ? he follow the smell to the basement door and open it . thin wisp of smoke greet he . he rush to the cupboard under the sink and root around . noah ( 0.s. ) look for this ? Gary turn as a FIRE extinguisher come at he face , send he to the floor . he 's stunne but fully conscious . noah watch he struggle to get up . then he raise the extinguisher and bring it crash down on Gary 's skull . Gary stare at noah with blank eye , then fall back with a thu out cold . 97 . int . peterson house - kevin 's room - night the cello music blare as Kevin wash he face . when he come up from the sink and open he eye , he see a flash of something behind he in the mirror . he whirl around and look into he room . nothing . he go back to rinsing he face . the music abruptly stop Kevin look up , puzzle . drying he face , he go to the stereo and see that the switch have be flip off . he notice the eerie quiet of he surroundings . niv™ can in baa ? | 9 ) Kevin swing open he door and be meet with a punch in the face from noah . Kevin drop to the floor . noah what I tell you ? the face , man . Works every time . Kevin struggle to get up , but noah slug he over and over again . blood spurt from Kevin 's nose and lip . through blurred vision , Kevin see noah above he , raise kevin 's cello up into the air . the steel tail - spike of the cello hover over Kevin then plunge down , head straight for Kevin 's groin . Kevin roll away just before the tail - spike pierce the carpet and the floor below it . while noah struggle to yank the cello free , Kevin scramble to he foot and run out . int . peterson house - kitchen - night smoke fill the room . a alarm shriek . Kevin bound down the stair . kevin dad ! Kevin do not see Gary 's body lie behind the kitchen island . but he hear noah come right behind . Kevin fling open the back door and run out into the night . noah barrel down the stair in hot pursuit . before follow Kevin out , noah stop to grab a butcher knife from the knife block on the island . he start for the door when Gary reach out and grab noah 's ankle , trip he . noah see Gary 's eye crack open behind a veil of blood . 98 . noah a little late in the game for heroic , Gary . noah plunge the knife into Gary 's gut . Gary howl with pain . noah pull the knife out and wipe it clean on Gary 's pants . he head out the door . ext . peterson house - night Claire skid into the driveway nearly ramming Gary 's car . she jump out and race to the house . int . peterson house - kitchen - night Claire rush in , crazy with panic , choke on the smoke . claire Gary ? Kevin ? a moan come from behind the island . Claire find Gary cling to life . claire Gary . oh my god. ; gary Kevin .... claire where be he ? ext . wood - night Kevin run through dense tree . he look back for noah and he foot catch a tree root . he tumble to the ground . he lie there for a moment , jistening . silence . then , the m v crunch of footstep and a eerily can oice . noah ( 0.s. ) I know you be here , bro . I can smell you . Kevin see noah walk by , less than thirty foot away . the knife in he hand glint in the moonligh noah come out and fight like a man . even you chickenshit father do in the end . noah uisappear | behind some tree . Kevin take off in the opposite direction . noah hear he and turn to see he shadowy figure head deeper into the wood . he follow , the gleam of the hunter in he eye . 99 . ext . peterson house - front lawn - night a faraway siren wail as Claire pull Gary to safety . claire I have get to find they . gary . no. he ’1ll kill you ... claire I love you , Gary . Claire run off toward the wood , stop only to grab a shovel lean against the garage . ext . wood - night Kevin stop in the clear . with the ravine up ahead and noah right behind , he 's get nowhere to run . he spy the fallen sycamore and tuck himself under its massive trunk , accidentally brush against the tire swing and set it in motion . noah enter the clear . noah ; come on , kev. I be not go to hurt you . I just want to talk . noah notice the tire swing move . he go to it and stop it . his eye scan the area . kevin see noah 's leg so close he could reach out and touch they . he barely breathes . noah circle the clear , search , as distant siren grow louder . his impatience build . noah so you nre just go to let I get away with it ? I fuck you mother , man . you should have see she . begging I for it ... kevin shake with rage , but remain silent . noah ( 0.s. ) .-. like a $ og : so I give it to she . just like she want it . noah stomp around with grow frustration , slashing the brush with he knife . 100 . noah I fuck you girlfriend , little whore . I fuck butcher you old man right there on you kitchen linoleum . and you be just gonna run away and hide , you candy - ass son-of - a-bitch ! suddenly , Claire 's voice echoe through the tree . claire ( 0.s. ) Kevin ! noah here come mommy , Kevin . you go to wait for she to rescue you ? noah call out , mimick Kevin 's voice . noah Mom ! claire hear noah 's call as she run through the wood . claire I be come ! kevin scramble out from he hide place . kevin ( call to Claire ) he 's get a knife ! noah finally . a set of ball . noah lunge for Kevin with he knife . Kevin dodge he . noah come at he again , but this time Kevin grab he wrist . they lock ina struggle over the knife . the blade inch ever closer to Kevin 's throat . finally , in a act of utter desperation , Kevin knee noah in the groin . while noah be double over in pain , Kevin tackle he . the knife go fly . the two boy wrestle . Kevin land a couple of lucky punch , but noah quickly gain the upper hand and pummel Kevin until he pass out . straddle Kevin , noah raise a large rock overhead and be about to crush Kevin 's skull with it , when ... whack ! Claire 's shovel bashes noah upside the head . he keel over and lie motionless in the dirt . Claire rush to Kevin . she listen for breathe , wipe the blood from he face . 101 . claire Kevin ? can you hear I ? come on , honey . wake up ... noah start to come to . Claire shake Kevin . claire Kevin ! noah groan and sit up . Claire scramble to she foot , wield the shovel like a batter anticipate a four-steam fastball . claire stay away , noah . I be warning you . noah get to he foot , but keep he distance . noah he do not appreciate you , Claire . not like I do . claire like the way you appreciate you mother ? noah you know nothing about my mother or how it be between we ! she love I ! the way you love I . claire no ... noah you do . I know you do . I see it in you eye that night . it do not just go away . claire stay where you be ! noah I see it ! suddenly , noah charge she . Claire swipe at he but he 's too quick . he come in low and tackle she to the ground . Claire thrashes and flail like a wild animal . noah straddle she writhe body , endure she blow until pin she arm above she head . defeat and exhaust , Claire grow still . noah breath heavily , exhilated . he lean in to kiss she , but she turn she head away . and that 's when she see it . the knife in the dirt , out of reach but a lifeline just the same . noah nuzzle Claire 's neck and begin to move on top of she , press he pelvis into she , humping she . gradually , Claire begin to move with he . she moan with pleasure . purr into he ear . 102 . claire how do you do this to I ? with grow excitement , noah 's kiss travel up to she face , to she lip . she kiss he deeply . noah you see how good we be together ? I be all you need . not they . she nod , she eye sincere . he smile and lean in for another kiss when Claire lunge up and bite he nose . noah howl and thrashes wildly , he blood spurting . but Claire hang on like a pit bull . noah dig he finger into she eye and bashes she face with he fist until finally she release he . he jump to he foot , blood gush from he nose . noah you bitch ! she dive for the knife but before she can reach it , noah grab she hair and yank she to she foot . he push she up against a weathered wooden fence -- a flimsy barrier between they and the ravine . noah I love you ! noah clamp he hand around Claire 's throat and slowly squeeze the life out of she . claire please . noah ... suddenly , off screen there 's a almost inhuman roar . noah turn to see Kevin charge toward they . kevin mother fucker ! !!!! Kevin ram noah against the fence with a crack and land a few blow to noah 's already mangle face . noah rally , grab Kevin by the shirt and swinging he around against the fence with another crack . noah pummel he in the gut . Kevin stay on he foot but the fence splinter with each blow until finally , with the last punch , it give way . the boy go tumble over the side of the cliff . claire no ! Claire dash to the cliff ' 's edge and peer down into the black abyss . she can make out only the vague contour of a narrow outcropping of rock about fifteen foot below . 103 . claire Kevin ? kevin ( 0.s. ) ( parely audible ) Mom ... claire hang on ! Claire find noah 's knife and cut the rope of the tire swing with it . she tie one end to a tree and send the other end over the cliff . claire can you reach the rope ? after a moment , there 's a tug . claire good . now climb up . she sit on the ground and coil the rope around she hand . Kevin 's weight be almost too much for she , but she hold on fast , take up the slack whenever she can . after a few moment , she see he hand reach up over the edge . Claire grab he wrist and pull he up . as the top of he head emerge from the darkness , he let out a small grunt of exertion . Claire stop cold , unnerve . / claire Kevin ? he turn he blood - cover face up to she . and it 's not Kevin 's eye she 's look into . it 's noah . Claire recoil and release he wrist . as noah slide over the edge , he grab Claire 's foot , drag she with he . she snag the rope just before go over . over the side of the cliff Claire dangle from the rope with noah cling to she . she squirm and kick , but he 's attach to she like a leech . after a moment , he begin a slow and steady climb up the length of Claire 's bo ly . his finger rip she clothes , dig into she flesh . her grip grow weaker by the second . claire I can not hold on . he press he lip to she ear , hiss . noah go ahead . let go . 104 . but she do not . and he hoist himself up to solid ground . noah crouch down and extend he hand to she . Claire stare up at he defiantly . noah I have never do anything to hurt you , Claire . Claire 's hand slip . noah you can trust I . his face be as innocent as a choirboy 's . Claire hesitates , then reach out and grasp he hand . she give a hint of a smile before she grip tighten . claire but you can not trust I . noah 's eye widen with surprise as Claire yank he over the cliff . he let out a blood - curdling scream as he body bounce off the outcropping of rock and plummet to the bottom of the ravine . Claire hang there , gasp for breath . then she slowl climb up . Fighting back tear , she peer into the ravine . claire Kevin ! but there 's no response . Claire fall to she knee and wail with despair . then , suddenly there 's weak cry . kevin ( 0.s. ) Mom .... Claire see the rope moving . she peer into the ravine and see Kevin climb up . when he near the top , Claire reach out for he . there hand clasp together , united . Claire pull Kevin to safety . now on solid ground , Kevin fall into he mother 's arm . they hold each other as siren wail in the distance . fade out . 105 . fade in : ext . peterson house - day a '' sold '' sign be stake on the snow - cover lawn . Claire and Kevin load box into a U - haul trailer . claire you get everything ? kevin except for my laptop . he run off to the house . a postal truck pull up and a mailman hop out . mailman need a signature . Claire sign for it . he hand she a envelope and drive off . Claire stare at the return address : illinois state board of education . she open it and unfold a official look letter . she read : '' we hereby inform you that you teach license have be permanently revoke . '' Claire smile sadly and fold up the letter . she glance up at the garage . int . peterson garage - day Dark and dusty . the automatic garage door open . Claire enter and look around for anything she might have leave . she spot a small box contain dormant flower bulb . gary ( 0.s . ) honey ? Claire look up and see Gary , a jag scar visible on he shorn scalp , he movement stilted be if still nursing he wound . gary you about ready to go ? Claire go to Gary . they wrap they arm around each other and walk to the car where Kevin wait . we remain in the garage as the automatic door descend , leave we in total darkness . fade out . the end