the thin red line by terrence malick base on the novel by James Jones use for educational purpose only to the memory of James Jones and that who served with him they live with we it be a act of love . that man on the line be my family , my home . they be closer to I than I can say , closer than my friend have be or ever would be . they have never let I down , and I could never do it to they . I have to be with they , rather than let they down and I live with the knowledge that I might have save they . Men , I now know , do not fight for flag or country , for the Marine Corps or glory or any other abstraction . they fight for one another . any man in combat who lack comrade who will die for he , or for whom he be willing to die , be not a man at all . he be truly damned . William Manchester the journalist write in Goodbye darkness about he experience on guadalcanal . ( like fife , he walk away from the safety of a hospital in a secure area to return to he company in combat . ) company roster ( partial ) " C " CO , umth inf - stein , James I , capt , " C " co cmdg - Band , George R , 1st lt , exec - whyte , William L , 2nd lt , 1st p1 cmdg - blane , Thomas C , 2nd lt , 2 ns p1 cmdg - Gore , alberto 0 , 2nd lt , 3rd p1 cmdg - culp , Robert ( nmi ) , 2nd lt , 4th ( weapon ) p1 cmdg em ist / sgt - welsh , Edward ( nmi ) S / sgt - Grove , ldr 1st p1 - Keck , ldr 2nd p1 - mactae , supply - stack , ldr 3rd p1 - Storm , mess sgt - becker , sqd ldr rfl - dranno , co clk - mccron , sqd ldr rfl cpl - fife , fwd clk - Jenks , asst sqd ldr rfl - Queen '' '' ow 4 , - thorne , '' '' 4 4 , pyvt 1cl - bead , asst fwd clk - Dale , 2nd cook - doll , rflmn - Earl , a - marl , a - ash , '' - Bell , '' - carni , '' '' - catch , '' '' - catt , '' '' - coomb , '' - Crown , '' '' - drake , '' - gluk , '' - Jacques , '' - Kline , '' - kral , a - mazzi , mtrmn - peale , rflmn - sico , a stearn , '' suss , a tassi , '' tella , '' '' till , mtrmn train , rflmn weld , '' wynn , '' replacement bosche , Charles S , capt , " C " co cmdg other tall , Gordon ml , lt col , 1st bn cmdg haine , ira p , maj , rgtl srgn gaff , John B , capt , 1st bn exec carr , Frederick C , capt , rgtl s-1 hoke , pvt , of cannon co witt , pvt , of cannon co ext . a warship at sea - 1942 - day a young Admiral receive a encode message from a radiotelegraph and interpret it for a group of Army commander aboard a warship . a Army division must be divert to support the Marines on guadalcanal , a island which none of they be familiar with but which it appear be of critical importance in maintain the supply route between the United States and Australia now in the first year of the war . the Army commander tell he that two division be available ; each be already at sea . the choice of which to deploy be he and , after a few second of hesitation , he make it . he ask they to return to he some day in the future and to tell he , since he must remain far from the fight , about they experience in the ordeal to come . Soldiers in the Civil war , .he say , speak of '' see the elephant '' : it be as though in combat a strange , awesome creature would appear , whose feature one could not quite describe to anyone who have not see it for himself . he would like to hear from they what this elephant be . int . brig - dawn first sgt . welsh sit in the brig of a warship , talk with pfc witt , a young man from breathitt County , kentucky , a regular and formerly a regimental boxer . welsh I can put you up for a court - martial , or I can give you non - judicial punishment . you choice , up or down . it 's a felony offense to strike a officer -- that include a nco . witt it be not right . welsh we be go to send you to a place where you learn or you do not . they be go to shape you up . witt what do the Captain say ? welsh Captain do not want you . company do not want you . witt you fix it that way . welsh you be gambling . you get mad because you lose . I have read you record . you be a loser all you life . you do not fool I . you will never amount to nothing . ( after a pause ) you hit a nco from another unit in a war zone . normally you would go to Leavenworth . witt baloney ! welsh this be not a normal situation . I work a deal . consider yourself lucky . if this get to battalion , you would be court - martial . maybe hang . witt nonsense . welsh a felony offense , in a war zone . I have have trouble with you since Hawaii . you be a bad soldier . you would let we down . welsh leave . the steel door crash shut behind he . witt turn to the prisoner in the next cell , a man name hoke . hoke ( after a silence ) what a jerk ! witt yeah . partly he 's right , though ... I screw up my life . I thow away my pearl . ext . deck of transport a legend appear over a distant view of a lovely South Pacific island : '' guadalcanal , 9 November 1942 . '' two transport ship of the U.S. navy have sneak up from the south in the first gray flush of dawn to deliver fresh reinforcement troops . 7 . for they crew , this be a routine mission and one they know well ; but to the man in the hold , the trip be neither routine nor know . int . second forward hold - dawn corporal fife , the orderly room clerk , sit against a bulkhead , sick with fear . bead of moisture cover the steel wall . the fight man of C -for - Charlie company pick they wet shirt loose from they armpit , look at they watch and wait impatiently . the bunk be cover with they gear ; there be nowhere to sit except in the companionway . on fife 's right , pvt mazzi and till clutch they knee . mazzi you think we will catch a fuck air raid ? till how the hell do I know ? all I know , they crew guy say they di not catch no air raid last time they make this run . on the other hand , time before last they almost get blow up . what do you want I to tell you ? mazzi you be a big help , till : nothin 's tell I nothin’ . I will tell you somethin’ . we be sittin’ out here on this ocean like a couple fuck duck in this here boat , that 's what . till I already know that . mazzi yeah ? well , brood on it , till . brood on it . in one place a blackjack game have be start . elsewhere little knot of man have form and stand or sit talk earnestly to each other with widen eye while hardly hearing what be say . every so often a lci , catch wrong on a wave , bang against the hull and reverberate through the close space of the dim hold , a anguish steel cry . on fife 's leave , private first CLASS doll be stand with corporal queen , a huge , amiable Texan . queen well , we will soon know what it feel like . gordon what what feel like ? queen to be shot at . doll Hell , I have be shot at . Hell be not you , Queen ? gordon I only just hope there be not any plane today . that 's all . doll well , I reckon if I be goin’a get I that pistol , I better get with it that fuck in the next compartment ought be about nervous enough by now . anybody want to come along ? queen you will do better on you own . doll stop in front of mazzi and till . he nod at the crowded porthole . doll ai not you watchin’ the fun ? mazzi ai not interested . doll I guess it be pretty crowded . mazzi would not be interested if it wad not . doll I be on my way to get I that pistol . mazzi yeah ? well , have fun . till yeah ; have fun . doll you guy will wish you have one , once we get ashore , and run into some of they samurai saber . mazzi all I want be to get ashore . and off of this fat sit fuck duck we all sittin ' on out here on this flat water . till hey , doll , you get around . you think we be liable to catch a air raid ? doll how the fuck hell would I know ? we might , we might not . mazzi thanks . till prob 'ly they will wait to hit we at the beach . doll ( ignore till ) if we do , we do . what 's the matter ? you scared , mazzi ? mazzi scare ? ' course I be not scared ! be you ? doll no . mazzi okay then . shut up . doll throw back he head and laugh and step out through the bulkhead . mazzi that guy just be not hep . he 's as unhep as a box . till you think he will get a pistol ? 10 . mazzi Hell no , he will not get no pistol . till right now , I could not care less . all I want be to get off this fuck boat here . mazzi well , you be not by yourself , till . all I know , I never bargain for nothin’ like this when I sign up in this man 's Army back in the bronx before the war . how do I know they be gonna be a fuck war , hanh ? answer I that . till you tell I . you be the hep character around here , mazzi . mazzi all I know , old Charlie company always get screw . always . and I can tell you whose fault it be . bugger stein 's , that 's who . first he get we stick off on this boat clean away from we own outfit where we do not know a fuck soul . then he get we stick way down in fourth pace on the list to get off this son of a bitch . at the other end of the companionway , capt . jame stein talk privately with first sergeant welsh . stein I think we outfit look pretty capable , pretty solid , do not you sergeant ? welsh grin at he insolently . there be a look of dark forebode that never leave he face , even when he grin . welsh yeah -- for a bunch of slob about to get they ass shot off . stein do not answer he . welsh be mad . he be insane , truly a madman , and stein never have understand he . he have no respect for anything or anybody . but it do not really matter . stein can afford to overlook he impertinence because he be so good at he job . 11 . stein hello , doll . how 's it go ? everything okay ? feeling a little nervous ? doll ( warily ) no , sir . stein nod , dismiss he . doll salute and go on out through the watertight door , wonder what stein mean . int . forward hold - dawn furious , doll make he way through the forward hold . he do not know how much time he still have . then , suddenly , he see a .45 hang from the end of a bed frame . Three bunk away a group of man cluster around a nervous crap game . he have to make he move now , time be run out . he lift the pistol off the bunk frame and buckle it around he waist . voice hey , you ! hey , soldier ! doll turn around to see two man , one a private and one a sergeant , come toward he . will they turn he in ? private ( drake ) that 's my pistol you be wearin’ , soldier . sergeant ( karl ) he see you take it off the bunk . so do not try to lie out of it , soldier . doll force a slow , cynical grin to spread across he face . slowly he undoe the belt and pass it over . doll how long you be in the Army , mack ? you ought know better than to leave you gear layin ' around like that . you might lose it someday . both man stare back at he , they eye widen slightly as the new idea , new attitude , replace they own of righteous indignation . sergeant ( marl ) well , you better not have such sticky finger , soldier . 12 . doll anything layin ' around out in the open that loose , be fair game to I . and to any other soldier . tell you boy he ought not to tempt people so much . sergeant ( marl ) hear that , drake ? you better take better care of you gear . doll yeah . he sure better . or he will not have it long . int . lower forward hold - dawn outside , in the hatchway area , doll stop and laugh . it be all one big lie ! enter the bunk area on the deck above everything work perfectly for he . on a field pack at the edge of the companionway he see not one but two pistol . there be not a man in this entire end of the bunk area . that be all there be to it . all doll have to do be step over , pick up one of the pistol and put it on . int . second forward hold - dawn doll return to c-for - Charlie in the second forward hold . till , mazzi and fife have not move . doll step up with he hand on he hip , he right one rest on the pistol . mazzi hello , lover -boy . where you be ? doll around ... well , what do you think ? mazzi think of what ? doll nothin ' . the war . he turn on he heel and go on inside among the bunk . till well , what do you say now , hep guy ? mazzi just what I fuck say before . the guy 's a jerkoff . 13 . till he 's get a pistol . mazzi so he 's a jerkoff with a pistol . till while you be a hep guy , without a pistol . mazzi that 's right . what 's a fuck pistol ? leave it , till ; leave it you wanna do something ' , go do something ' . till I think I will . mess sergeant STORM have gather he cook for a bull session . welsh ( grin crazily ) what be you do with that fuck pistol , doll ? doll what pistol ? welsh this pistol . welsh grab the pistol on doll 's hip and , with it , pull doll slowly forward and slowly , the grin fade from welsh 's face . doll well , I ... welsh and what if somebody come around here to capt . stein and want to search this outfit for a steal pistol ? ' ey ? have you ever think of that ? and what if I then knowin ' who have it , be force to tell bugger stein where it be ? huh ? have you think of that , too ? doll would you do that , top ? 14 . welsh you bet you sweet ass I would ! welsh bellow it with startling suddenness right into he face . the crash of the landing craft against the hull continue , relentless and unnerve . doll well -- do you think anybody 's 11 come around ? welsh no ! I do not ! then , as slowly as it disappear , the sly , ominous grin come back over the sergeant 's face . he let doll go and , all in the same motion , fling the holster pistol away from he . welsh clean it . it 's prob'ly dirty . any man' leave it layin ' around 's a fuckass soldier anyway . wherever he glance fall , the nearby man beneath it stir uneasily and drop they eye and fall to do something : adjust a strap , check a tie-rope , rub a riflestock . int . second forward hold - dawn fife sit to Bell 's right , sink in melancholy . bell be a strong , quiet-voice private . fife ( after a pause ) I read in you 201 file you be a officer before the war . sell you tell anybody else ? fife no. how would you end up a private ? bell because of my wife . I be in the Corps of Engineers , we would never be separate before , not even for a night . I take it for four month and then I quit . resigned . 15 . fife yeah ? bell they send I back to the States . they tell I I would never get another commission , they say they would see to it that I get draft , and that I would for damn sure be in the infantry . we have eight month together . fife why , the son of bitch ! where be she now ? bell Home . with she folk . how old be you , fife ? fife twenty -two . bell well , I be thirty . fife why do not you want any of the guy to know ? bell enlist man do not like officer ... the only reason I have tell you be so you will know why I do not want it mention . welsh ( appear suddenly ) all right , fuckface ! where 's that platoon roster I tell you to fix up for I ? fife ( indignantly ) I already do it ! I make it up and turn it in to you , welsh . welsh you what ! you do no such fuck thing , fife . I do not have it , do I ? 16 . int . latrine - dawn he signal fife to follow he around a corner into the latrine . there he back fife up against the wall . welsh you think you be a big grow - up man , but you be gust a punk kid -- a coward . there 's nowhere you can run now . you be in a box . a move box . you have never learn that you life , and you -- they do not mean a goddamn thing to the world , and they never will . int . second forward hold - dawn suddenly the klaxon horn go off , resounding through the clanging , overheate hold and deafen everybody -- a immense sound that cause everyone to jump , even welsh . welsh get you gear and shape up ! noncom ( 0.s. ) all right ! off and on ! Drop you cock and grab you sock ! everybody struggle into they equipment . bulg in all direction , they find the stair difficult to navigate . dale ( 2nd cook ) geez , my ass be draggin’ . all this gear . STORM mor 'o you ass all be draggin’ soon . ext . deck of transport - day they emerge at last into the sunshine and fresh sea air on deck . look up to the bridge , capt . stein see lt . col . gordon tall , the battalion Commander . they exchange salute . by squad and by platoon , the man go over the side and clamber down the four-story -high side of the ship on the net and into the chain of lcis that shuttle back and forth from the shore . 17 . ext . aboard moving lci - day the asst . pilot salute they in best naval officer style . asst . pilot well , look what we get here . you outfit 's lucky . Old nippy ' 1ll be comin ' along in about fifteen minute . till how do you know ? asst . pilot just get news from the airstrip . transport must have be spot . you be get off just ahead of time . you be lucky . fife grab the gunnel to keep he balance in the jouncing , sway craft , and look back at the dwindling ship . weld but will not the fighter plane -- asst . pilot they always get some of they . but some always get through . jerk the lead ! ahead , doll see the shore and sand beach and coco palm gradually come closer . Beyond they lie the dark green band of jungle , with the mass and power of the mountain rise behind it to rocky peak . pilot grab holt and prepare to land ! everybody out ! no transfer slip ! ext . guadalcanal shore - day suddenly , they be stumbling through the water . the ramp be already rise , as the craft go into reverse and pull back out to go for another load . fife expect some protest , some visible sign of enemy resistance , but not a shot be fire . they dart across the beach to the line of coco palm , thrashing dryly in the mid-morn breeze . there they rest wait for order from battalion . do not the Army know there be no japanese here ? 18 . if they fail to realize this , what else do not they know ? two scout come scamper out of the grove up ahead and report to capt . stein . first scout we go in about a mile , sir . do not find nothing . some empty oil drum . a burn spot . have not nobody be around there for at least a week . stein nod , puzzle . suddenly a cry go up . one soldier fling up a arm and yell , " there they be ! " the cry be take up all up and down the beach . High up in the sun-bright sky , a number of little speck sail serenely along toward the channel where the two ship lie . presently , a gentle sighing become audible . then a geyser of water , follow by another , then another , pop high up out of the sea , until at last a stick of three bomb fall almost directly alongside a lci that be just put off . when the spout of water subside , they see there be nothing leave of the lci , only a few figure bob in the water who , under the weight of they full pack , rapidly become fewer . ext . field dressing station - day the survivor of the destroy lci be land by a rescue boat not far from C - for - Charlie company , and gently lead or carry up from the beach to a nearby field dress station . some of they be still vomit seawater from they ordeal . C - for - Charlie drift up toward the dress station , consume with a morbid curiosity . dale , the muscular , intense second cook , with perpetually snap eye , make the only comment . dale they should of let they have it with the antiaircraft from the ship ! they could of get a lot more of they . if I would be there , and have my hand on one of they forty millimeter , I would of let they have it , order or no order . that 's what I would of do . mazzi you would shit , too . ext . mangrove and beach road - day they trudge through the mangrove to they bivouac , lead by the Route guide from regimental headquarters . 19 . the road be seas of soft mud , axle-deep on the truck . it be impossible to march on or in they . the only way for the man to move ahead at all be to travel in two line , one on either side , pick they way over the great roll of drying mud , turn back as though by a plow . stagger , and senseless with exhaustion , they march on . by the time they reach they bivouac , it have begin to rain . ext . coconut grove bivouac - day c-for - Charlie work doggedly to set up camp . the rain come straight down , unbreathe - upon by any wind , in huge , fat drop so close together that it seem a solid sheet of water turn around , fife see that some of the man ( marl among they ) be play in the mud , sit down and slide around like child in snow , clowning and laugh . int . orderly room tent - day welsh enter the orderly room tent and nod at capt . stein . welsh Sir , the company 's allotment of eight - man personnel tent have not arrive from the ship . stein have the man break pack and put ' up they shelter tent . ( as welsh grin ) goddamn it , sergeant , I know it 's a ridiculous order , too ! now go and tell they ! that 's a order ! welsh yes , sir ! ext . bivouac - day welsh have give the man stein 's order , with sardonic relish , and they be set about it . mazzi he 's nut ! plain fuck nut ! till sit on a five - gallon water can buttone they shelter halve together . mazzi gather they combine ten tent peg , have stretch the wet rope as best he can . 20 . mazzi you think this goddamn little old peg go to hold in this muck ? I be company commander of this company , there would be a lotta change around here , and pretty damn fuckin ' quick . and up yours , till . you about finish there ? till look , mazzi , I want to ask you somethin' . you think there 's any germ in this mud ? mazzi germ ? sure there 's germ . till you really think so ? mazzi why , hell yes . do not you read the papers ? this island 's load with all kind of germ . and where do you find germ ? in dirt . malaria germ ... till ( interrupt ) malaria germ be in the mosquito . mazzi sure , but where do they get they ? from dirt . there 's -- till no . they get they from other people who get malaria . mazzi okay , sure . but where they come from first ? everybody know germ come from dirt and bein ' dirty . you will prob'ly be sick as a dog tomorra , till . till you be a son of a bitch , mazzi . mazzi who ? I ? what would I do ? you ast I a question , I answer it for you . ( more ) 21 . you di not % # éezie atown ' han slidin’ around in that mud , do you ? sure , I laugh , I cheer they on . that do not cost I nothin’ . trouble with you , till , you be a jerkoff . you be awy gettin’ suck into somethin’ . take a lesson , kid . you do not see I gettin’ suck into nothing . around they , other man be work and other shelter tent be go up in long , even line . the ground be a soggy mire . doll , the proud pistol thief , swagger over to he pal fife , who have just finish put up the tent which he share with he assistant , pfc bead . bead be a draftee , a healthy eighteen - year - old from Iowa , the youngest man in the outfit doll we still get a couple of hour before sundown . bunch of we be goin’ to look at the jungle . wanta come ? fife I do not know if I ought to . the sergeant might need I around here for something . bead I will go , doll ! I will go ! doll you be not invite . bead whada you mean I be not invite ? anybody can go that want to , can not they ? doll leave . bead be crestfallen . fife never mind he . ext . jungle - day a dozen of the man from C - for -charlie -- among they Big Queen , the huge Texan , and private Bell , the former officer -- approach the high wall of jungle curiously and gingerly . parrot screech from nowhere , startling they . huge vine and creeper hang from the canopy in great festoon arc . 22 . giant tree trunk tower straight up , far above they head , they thin blade - like root often higher than a man 's head . other pove : a skull shrine , a wood carve of a man the feature of whose face have be erode by the weather , a python , strange tropical fruit , some split open by raid ant . suddenly Queen discover a bloodstain shirt . for a moment he think of say nothing . he could pass it by and none of the rest of they would know . but , notice he strange hesitation , the man next to he see it too and raise a shout . the other man , who instinctively have space themselves out at five - yard interval as if in a skirmish line , cluster around and peer excitedly . voice ( Gordon 's esp . ) be it american ? fuck yes , it 's american . the jap do not wear khaki like that . that 's chino ! that 's not even Marine khaki ! that 's Army chino ! well , the americal division 's here . maybe he 's one of they . queen whoever he be , he be hit pretty bad . thorne where would it hit he ? gordon it keyhole out the back . private gordon , one of the man nearest it , lean down silently and pick it up with a thumb and forefinger , as if afraid he might catch a terrible disease from it . queen leave it where you find it . without a word , Gordon , who still hold it by thumb and forefinger as if it might contaminate he , turn and swing it and let it go . thorne yeah , leave be lay . the chow whistle sound clear and shrill through the tree . it be a intensely familiar , curiously heart - wring sound . 23. ext . mess tent - day tonight c-for - Charlie receive its first dosage of atabrine . stand by the lister bag at the head of the chow line Storm dole out the yellow pill himself , chaffing everyone good - naturedly , but determine that nobody be go to avoid take he medicine . welsh what the fuck do you bother so hard for ? STORM because , they go to need all the help they can git . welsh they go to need a lot more than that . STORM I know it . the last man in the line have stop and be look back at they , listen ; one of the draftee . welsh on you way , bud . STORM ( shaking he pill ) some of they so dumb they actu 'ly would not take they . if I do not make they . welsh so what ? they do not take they , maybe they will get malaria so bad they will get themself ship out and save they useless life . STORM they be not learn that yet . they will . welsh we will be ahead of they . wo not we ? we will make they fuck take they . wo not we ? you and I . we know the secret , do not we ? we already know about not take they . gimme one . 24 . Storm hold out the box . without take he eye from Storm 's face , welsh reach down , get a pill and , thumbing the surface dust off it , pop it into he mouth . not to be outdone , Storm get one himself and swallow it as welsh have dry . welsh you know what it be , do not you ? you realize what 's happen ... there be not any choice . it be not go to get any better , either . this war 's just the start . you understand that . STORM yeah . welsh then remember it , Storm ; remember it . Bell and fife sit by themselves eat in silence . bell this war be tougher on she than it be on I . back home there 's light and nightclub , booze . more to tempt you . I have not touch another woman since I be call up . or talk to one . I do not want to feel the desire . STORM ( 0.s. ) hair on the table ! close time ! q bell we believe in each other . you need someone you can believe in . Dale complain to a willing listener about Storm 's mistreatment of he . not far away , bead be blow soap bubbles , dip a ring in the shave lather he have whipped up in the bottom of he helmet . ext . slit trench - night the night be fill with the stitch of tropical insect . the man crouch over the weapon in total and unspeakable insularity . 25 . fife I always think I would be as brave as the next guy , maybe even brave but I m not . you tell I about you wife . I be tell you something . bell everybody 's scared . fife not doll , not Big un . I get to work harder at it than they do . the only reason I be here be because I be ashamed for people to think I be a coward . I have to find out if I be yellow or not ... I never have a wife and kid . I never be to New York . I do not want to die . sell nobody do . fife I hope I can get back -- the way I be -- like I come . they look up at a scuttling noise in the undergrowth , at length discover a coconut crab . ( end on cu of crab . ) ext . coconut grove - night stein be write a letter by candlelight when he hear the noise of a japanese plane high overhead . ( wash Machine Charlie . ) suddenly the earth be shaking around he . panic and a objectless fright seize he , and he surge blindly out of he tent , scramble toward a nearby slit trench . down the long aisle of the coconut grove , the klaxon begin they mournful , insistent belching . above , three weak searchlight beam feebly finger the sky . now and then they see the single quick blink of a antiaircraft shell explode . finally , there be the shutter , thin sound of the motor , or motor , up there in the dark . then , from the direction of the airfield , come the cayrumping explosion walk slowly toward they in great giant stride . the klaxon keep up they long , monotonous , insane , growling protest , and the antiaircraft gun pump they useless laughable shell up into the night sky , as the ball - shrink roar of the bomb advance . 26 . suddenly , there be a huge , ear-fill , impersonal , rush flutter descend like a express train , then a flash of light . it be strange that only one man be wounded . by all rights , there should be many more . the wounded man be pfc marl , the nebraska dry -dirt farmer . a piece of the daisycutter have whistle into he hole and cut off he right hand as neatly as a surgeon could have do with a knife . when marl yell , welsh leap in with he and put a tourniquet on he until the medic can get there . marl what be I gonna do now , huh ? how be I gonna work , huh ! how be I donna plow , huh ? I mean it . what be I gonna do now , huh ? take it away ! get that damned thing out of here ! I do not want to look at it , goddamn it ! it 's my hand ! the hand be take away by one of the company medic , who be suppose to be train at this kind of work but actually be not as yet , and who stop to vomit behind a tree . welsh they make artificial one . they will make you one like new . marl goddamn it , it 's easy for you ! how be I gonna work ? I be a farmer . medic can you walk ? marl sure I can walk , goddamn it . fuck yes , I can walk . but how be I gonna work ? that 's the point . fife watch , tremble within , as marl be lead off into the darkness to the battalion medical station , the first actual wounded casualty in the company . montage - witt and hoke among the melanesian ( guadalcanal ) witt and hoke have go awol and be live among the melanesian , unconscious of the passage of the day , of good and evil . the native people live content with what the earth and sea provide they , in peace and harmony . witt get to know two of they in particular , a older man and a young woman . he marvel at this society where no one be alone or life to himself , where all be base on family and clan . 27 . he reveal to hoke a secret from he past and , under the influence of this revelation , decide to return to C - for- Charlie . hoke try to discourage he from set out but at length , join he instead . ext . c-for -charlie bivouac - dawn the man of C - for - Charlie come out into the warm , revivify safety of the sun and look into each other 's stubble , dirt - cake face to find they be change man . face glower and eye burn . suddenly , fife hear himself hail by a man stand some distance off , near the supply tent and lean against a coco palm . fife well , witt ! by God ! how be you ! a troublemaker with a touchy sense of honor , witt have be bust several time and twice send to the stockade on a summary court-martial . this make he something of a romantic hero to fife , who consider he the only friend besides Bell that he have in the whole regiment . he rush over to shake hand , overjoy to see he . witt be just as glad , in he own way . all he friend be in c-for - Charlie , and he like the reputation he enjoy here . as witt see it , everybody know he love C - for - Charlie and for welsh to ship he out , while know this , only prove he total contempt for welsh correct . fife how would you find we ? you awol ? I be ask around about you every day , try to find out be you be . I think you be in the brig . how long you be hang around here ? why do not you come in the orderly tent and get I ? witt 's face harden , almost as though someone have model he feature in quick -setting cement and fife be watch it dry . witt I be not goin ' no place where that poorly son of a bitch of a first sergeant be . fife welsh ? yes , well . well , you know , I think maybe he 's change some witt . since we get here . 28 . witt he be not never go to change . not in no way . FI fe well , I tell you . it just will not be the same old company , witt . go up there without you . I guess that 's why I say that . witt ( warming up ) fife , I can tell you . when I think of old C - for - Charlie goin 's up there into they jap without I , it like to break my heart . I be in this comp ’ny -- what now ? -- four year . you know how I feel about it . it 's my comp’ny . it be not right , that 's all . it be not . I belong with the company , fife , old buddy . ( suddenly morose ) I do not know what I can do about it . in fact , there be not a damn thing . fife well , I think if you go around to capt . stein and tell he how you feel , he would arrange a transfer back for you . bugger know how good a soldier you be . never be a question of that . right now he 's feel pretty warm and sentimental about the company , lead they into combat and all . witt I cai not do that . fife why not ? witt because I cai not . you know it . fife I honestly think he will take you back . witt take I back ! take I back ! they never should of make I go ! ( more ) 29 . it 's they wialiitconitt ' dji not mine ! I do not need no discipline . discipline be what you give a dog ! I cai not do that . I will not go and beg they . I appreciate you tryin ' to help . ( as fife nod ) I mean it . fife I know you do . fife go on carefully , afraid of make he mad . fife just how bad do you want to get back into the comp’ny ? witt you know how bad . fife well , the only way you be go to do it be to go to stein and ask he . witt I cai not do that . I tell you it be not fair . it be not fair , and it be not square . any way you look at it . it be not justice . it 's a traversty of justice . fife it 's " travesty . " witt what ? fife I say you pronounce it tra-ves -ty . witt stare at he as if he have never see he before . the storm cloud , with its flicker of impending electrical discharge , come back on he face . witt take off ! I say take off ! leave ! get out ! fife I get as much right here as you have . 30 . witt fife , I never hit a friend before in my life . not without givin ' they fair warnin ' they be not friend no more . I do not want to start now , either . but I will . fife what the hell kind of talk be that ? what do I do ? witt you and I be not friend anymore . I do not want to talk to you , I do not want to see you . if you even try to talk to I after this , I will knock you down . fife I be only kid with you . I only witt take off ! scoot ! fife you be a boxer . I do not stand a chance with you in a fight and you know it . witt that 's tough . that 's life . go ! fife I be go . but you be crazy , for God 's sake . I be kid you . you be my best friend in this outfit . I do not want to fight you . witt ( with sadness now ) take off ! fife do . he see that witt be right and that he do something terribly mean , vicious and insulting , something destructive to witt 's manhood . guilt close over he like a mustard - color cloud . the man be inspect a large crocodile that the 2nd battalion man have capture when bugger stein and he driver roar up in the company jeep . the man have hear the sound of mortar and small arm fire off in the hill yesterday and today , growl more angrily today than yesterday . 31 . and yet , when they order finally come to go up , everybody be astonished and surprised . stein corporal fife , I want every officer and platoon - grade noncom who be not out on a detail here in five minute . get they all . do not miss anybody . we be move out , fife . for the line . ext . muddy road / other company bivouac - day along the route of march , the artery of runny mud be clotted with stall truck . most be abandon , sit silent in the mud , wait for the big tractor to come haul they out . the foot marcher pick they way up the steep road , load down with full pack and extra bandolier , each company ina rag single file . often one of they number turn aside and fall down . other simply faint . this be drag aside by the man behind they . welsh pick up you foot ! on you foot ! pick them up and keep move ! fife have the misfortune of fall out when capt . stein be nearby . stein up you come , fife ! come on , boy . you do not want to give up now . the reaction he get be startling . fife do not get up . he leap up . as if stab in the ass with a needle . fife you ! you tell I ! I will be walk when you be on you back ! I will be go when you and all this other guy be on you knee and out ! stein shut up , fife ! fife you and any other goddamn officer ! I will walk till I drop dead -- and when I do , I will be ten foot in front of you dead body ! do not you ever worry about I quit . 32 . stagger in he pack , fife lurch out onto the edge of the road . he do not shut up . stein do not know what to do . it be up to he to make a issue or not make one . fife be past the point of caring . he decide to do nothing . nobody else seem to care , or pay much attention , they be all too tired . look up the road he see a melanesian native with a haunt look hurry past in the opposite direction , away from the front . then he see that sgt. welsh be watch , a vague smile on he face . ext . sugar cane plantation ( drumsara ) - day they be walk up a line of railroad track that run through a sugar cane plantation when a guide ( kirk ) come around a bend , see they , and after a couple of deep gasp for air , come on at a quickened pace , already shouting . kirk where the fuck have you guy be ? I be lookin ' all over hell 's half acre for this outfit ! what the hell have you be doin ' ? you be suppose to be on the other side the river , not here ! what the fuck happen ? honestly , sir , I be lookin ' all over . you be suppose to be clear over on the other side the river . that 's where they tole I you would be . stein we have be follow the road the other guide show we . kirk he must of make some kind of a mistake . stein he be positive about what he tell we . kirk somebody up there give he the wrong order . or tell I wrong . not a very auspicious beginning . the man glance at each other . stein what 's it like up there ? 33 . kirk a crazyhouse ! a stir in the grass , the rustle of the sugar cane , signal the approach of danger . at kirk 's signal , the company stop . he pull out a grenade and , step into the row of cane , advance toward the source of the noise . he discover a white cow . ( a feral indo - chinese pig ? they wander loose , shellshocked . ) ext . river - day they cross a pontoon bridge ( or ford ) guard by a heavy mg . group of traffic-control man watch they with curious sympathetic eye . kirk you just go on from here . stein there must be more instruction than that . kirk I do not know nothing about none of that . all I know I be suppose to bring you here . stein wo not they send another runner for we ? kirk maybe . I do not know . all I know be what I tell you . ext . mounting road ( jungle to grassland ) - day music enter as they begin to climb . gradually , they come out of the jungle onto the grassy slope above . s/ sgt . stack , the tough , hard - face old disciplinarian who lead 3rd platoon have suffer a collapse . he the trail with he leg press tightly together and he rifle in he lap , shaking all over . the medic have put a tag on he and thrust a stick in he hand . stack do not go up there ! you will be kill ! do not go up there ! you will be kill ! 34 . the entire company have to pass he , one at a time and man by man , in single file , as if pass in some macabre review . ext . hilltop ( hill 208 ) - day toiling , climb with the wind behind they , they have hear no battle noise . but round the last bend and come suddenly out onto the open hilltop , they find themselves immerse in a vast infernal noise and tumult whose source they can not see . Men scurry here and there on obscure mission , shouting to make themselves hear above the din . the center of all they activity be a small group of seven man stand together in grand isolation . they be almost the only man present wear any insignia , and all of they wear star or eagle on the collar of they green fatigue . for all the noise , they be receive very little fire . now and then a single bullet strike the ground in amongst they and bury itself or go shrieking off without touch anyone . dale be that ricochet ? be they shootin’ at we ? soon they advance into a dry , treeless ravine . here , at last they can see what lie ahead of they , though they still have no sense of where they be or how they be be deploy . bead be this the line ? be we on the line ? maybe they do not see we either . fife look this way and that , to see if there be something or someone about to shoot at he . he have a singular feel of exposure , like a man stand on the edge of a mountaintop . when first one bullet and then a moment later a second kick up puff of dust in front of he , he kneel to the ground and begin to crawl , convinced some japanese sniper have single he out to shoot at . guilty and ashamed , he raise he head to look around . the rest of the company be stand up walk and already ahead of he . terrify as he be of stand up and be shot at by some invisible party , he be more terrify of be accuse for he cowardice . he begin to jog toward he company , trot bent over at the waist and carry he rifle at high port . he smile at the other on join they . it comfort he unreasonably to be in they midst . 35 . and it be just here that the second man in the company be wounded , whether deliberately or by accident no one can tell : peale , not far from fife , suddenly clap he hand to he thigh and stop , then sit down hold he leg , he lip tremble , he face white . bell you all right , peale ? peale I be hit . I be wounded . I be hit in the leg . medic can you walk ? peale I do not think so . I think my leg hurt pretty bad . you better help I . I think it 's goin ' to be a long time before I can walk again . stein be already call to the man who have stop to move on , keep go , do not stop . voice so long , peale . take it easy , peale . good luck , peale . peale so long , you guy . so long . you guy take it easy . so long . good luck , you guy . do not worry about I . it will be a long time before I can walk good . no doctor 's goin ' to tell I I can walk on this leg . good luck , you guy ! ( to the medic ) I get I a purple heart , and I be in combat . I never even see a jap , but I do not care . no doctor 's gonna tell I I can walk on this leg for a long time . come on , let 's get out of this . before we get kill . that would be hell , would not it ? ext . grassy ridge ( hill 209 ) - day c-for - Charlie take shelter behind a ridge . welsh go around tell they to buddy up for the night . 36 . mazzi this till . he spend more time on he belly than he do up on he foot . I do not see how he manage to keep up with the rest of we . ai not that right , till ? do not you ? till I guess you never hit the dirt any , do you ? mazzi do you see I ? you fuck - a , you do not , till . what be the use ? anybody could tell that fire be not aim fire . it be stray stuff from the ridge . could hit you just as well layin ' down as standin ' up . maybe better . till and I guess you be not never scared even once ? fife I be . bead so be i. scare to death ! I never be so scared in my life . I be still scared , right now ! they all laugh , even stein and mazzi , the New York hep guy . only welsh do not . as if to prove fife right , there be a instant 's fluttering sound in the air , not unlike a man blow through a keyhole , and three geyser of dirt spout into the air thirty - five yard away , follow instantly by one loud clap of sound . there be a ant -like scramble on the little spur , as everyone try to hit the dirt on the slope away from the surprise . private mazzi , if not the foremost be certainly not the last among they . till smile and shoot he the finger . till you be not scared ! not even once ! mazzi I guess you stand up there like a big fuck hero , fuckface . they unship they entrench tool and start digging . fife go over to welsh who be prepare to dig digging . storm. 37 . fife hey , first , be this where you guy have decide to dig in ? I think I would dig in over here with you guy , if it be . I mean , I guess it 's as good a place as any . he unsling he pack . welsh stop he unbuckle of strap and look up at fife with a face as expressionless as granite . welsh take off . get the fuck away from I . stay away from I , kid . Storm have stop he work to watch . fife be carry back a step by the viciousness of the sergeant 's retort . somehow he imagine they approach to combat would soften welsh 's attitude . welsh stare at he , silent , refuse to be draw into any discussion . visibly crestfallen , unable to hide it , fife turn and move off carry he pack by its strap . STORM why do not you treat the kid decent once in a while ? he 's you clerk be not he ? welsh I do not mean to wind up playin ' nursemaid . I get enough problem to occupy I . here . you get some dirt . take the shovel , gimme the mattock . mazzi be still infuriate at till for give he the finger when the mortar shell drop in . it be a unfair advantage because everybody duck for cover . mazzi shoot I the finger , will ya ? I do not pick you for a buddy . I do not like to be buddy with a hick from hicksville who be not even hep . I get no choice . I treat you right and give you good advice . you ignore it , do something else , always wrong . you will not never learn . till fuck you , mazzi. 38. mazzi this time , till , you tore it . I be not go to have nothing more to do with you . till I could give a shit . mazzi I be not go to dig with you . I be go to dig with sico . I be go up the ridge , and fuck you . do you own damn thinkin’ ! he can feel till look after he as he walk up to the crest , to join he New York buddy in the 1st platoon , but he ignore he . ext . grassy ridge ( hill 209 ) - day fife find welsh alone . fife why're you always jump down my throat ? welsh you be finally learn how important you be to the world , kid . taken you long enough . hurt , do not it ? shock to the system . fife you do not believe in nothing , do you ? welsh you have still get illusion , kid . you will not for long . fife what do you believe in , sergeant ? welsh property . that 's what they be all fight over . property ! welsh take a large listerine bottle full of straight gin from he musette bag , tip it back and pretend to take loud gargle for a nonexistent sore throat . they look around as pfc Gordon , with he fly fox , stagger up , breathless with news that sicken they all . 39 . gordon they find two guy from George comp'ny -- I hear it from the runner -- the jap take ‘em prisoner -- stab them with bayonet , fifty time . one of ‘em behead -- alive -- with a sword . E comp'ny find ' im with he hand tie behind he back -- head sit on he chest . they would stuff he dick in he mouth . the sheer barbarity of the thing sweep through c- for - Charlie like a cold - water shock . doll I be not never go to take a fuck prisoner . I be go to shoot every one of they come my way . preferably in the gut . queen the dirty fucker ! dale okay . okay . okay . the battle round the bend , which they can hear but not see , have continue unabate . now for the first time , whole group begin to return from it . the attack have fail . stranger from the 2nd battalion drop gasp over the crest of the ridge and lie breathe in hysterical sob with eye like drill hole dark in they outrage , furious , unbely face . they look at C - for - Charlie with astonishment , then hasten on toward the rear . more and more keep come in , haphazard , piecemeal , rarely even with they own squad , holler to they not to shoot for God 's sake , do not shoot . once inside c-for -charlie 's perimeter , they simply collapse . one boy , sit in a row of five or six , weep openly like a child , he forehead and hand rest on the shoulder of the man next to he , who pat he absently while stare straight ahead at nothing with smolder eye . a man with semaphore flag signal the rear . none of they know what the overall situation be , or have any idea of what be take place anywhere except where they themselves have be . c-for - Charlie , feel shameface watch quietly with a wide - eye , awed hero worship , which no one can honestly say he want to lose , if it mean share they experience . the division commander suddenly appear among they , smile and talk , and try to rally they morale . 40 . general whoa ! we be not gonna let this jap whip we , be we , boy ? they be tough , but they be not as tough as we be , be they ? pvt . drake General , you go out there ! you go out there , General , you go out there ! ext . hill 209 - day as the red-and -white - splash walk wounded totter rearward in group , try to help each other , Storm crawl over to the hole he share with welsh . STORM there be not no water leave . I see jeepload of water can on the way up from the river . they probably get divert to the rear . welsh or pour out on the ground . STORM whichever . people 's go to have to eat my supper dry . welsh watch the sun drop behind the mountain . guadalcanal be a green , peaceful island , not unlike tahiti . here the night do not fall so swiftly as it do down in the grove below . Far away , welsh see dog and feral pig feast on the dead . bell dream - series of angle ( second unit ) - D / N Bell dream of he wife marty . he remember the first time they see each other , the first time they hand touch . the dream progress . she stand on a white sand beach , watch a boat sail toward a solitary island . she enter a cave . ( in all this we occasionally look over Bell 's shoulder but we never see he face on . ) ext . grassy ridge ( hill 209 ) bell slit trench - flare - dusk Bell wake up with a cry that throw the sentry in the next hole into a panic . Green flare be fall through the sky . 41 . sentry ( 0.s. ) I can not see anything ! I can not see anything ! welsh do not shoot ! do not shoot ! wait ! do not anybody fire ! bell it be I . I have -- a nightmare . sentry ( 0.s. ) well , for fuck 's sake , try and keep it to yourself ! you scared the live shit out of I . gordon why do not they come ? what be they wait for ? why do not they do something ? the suspense , exaggerated by the thrum of the tropical night be unbearable . there be a sudden explosion of rifle FIRE from the hole on they right . all around they , man be holler happily and throw they grenade and firing . and in front of they , the empty jungle underbrush sway and rustle as though in a rainstorm , and chunks of bark and wood pop from the tree . the mortar and rifle FIRE light up the night betray position , hit nothing . a few more useless thermite grenade be throw , and then the thick silence resume . ext . hill 209 - dawn at dawn , bearded , mud-stain , grimy and greasy , the man rise in they blue hole and peer around , like the dead rise from -their grave on the last Day . some of they we water from they canteen onto they toothbrush to rush they tooth . bead have to take a crap . without say anything to anyone , he drop all of he equipment by he hole and , take only he GI roll of toilet paper , he start to climb the twenty yard to the crest . ext . hill 209 crest - day the tree begin three yard below the actual crest . bead step into they midst . halfway through with relieving himself , he look up and see a japanese man with a bayonete rifle move stealthily through the tree ten yard away . 42 . the japanese man see he too and , turn , all in one movement , begin to run at he , but move cautiously , the bayonet on the end of he rifle extend . bead , still squatting with he pants down , gather he weight under he . in desperation , still not know which way to try to dump all in one movement , bead pull up he pants over he behind to free he leg and dive forward in a low , shoestre football tackle when the japanese man be almost to he , tackle he around the ankle . this give bead time to hitch up he pants again and spring upward once more until , kneel on he upper arm and sit back on he chest , he begin to punch and claw he in the face and neck . bead hear a high , keen scream and think it be the japanese begging for mercy , until finally he slowly become aware that the japanese man be now unconscious . then he realize it be himself make this animal scream . sob and wail , he continue to belabor the unconscious japanese with he fingernails and fist . then he roll aside , seize the enemy rifle and , on he knee , raise it above he head and drive the long bayonet almost full - length into the japanese man 's chest . the japanese man 's body convulse in a single spasm . his eye open , stare horribly at nothing , and he hand flip up from the elbow and seize the blade through he chest . bead withdraw the bayonet , throw the rifle from he and fall down on he hand and knee and begin to vomit and weep . ext . hill 209 - day gordon have a good shit ? bead be ashamed and embarrassed by the whole thing , that be the truth , and that be why he do not want to mention it to anybody . he get back through the line all right , without further question . but as he approach C - for -charlie , he be join by pfc doll , on he way down from ist platoon . doll man alive ! what happen to you knuckle ? you have a fight with somebody ? bead no . I slip and fall . doll and I 'spose all they little blood splatter come from you knuckle ? 43. bead leave I alone , doll ! I do not feel like talk ! so just leave I alone , hunh ? will you ? they walk on down in silence . doll have be a little take aback by bead 's vehemence , a forcefulness he be not use to from bead . he can smell something when he see it . see welsh and Storm , he go over to they , grin . doll what the fuck happen to you boy there ? who the hell he beat up with they skinned knuckle and all they blood splatter on he ? do I miss something ' ? welsh bead , come over here ! what happen to you ? bead who ? me? well , I slip and skinned myself , that 's all . welsh where would you go a while ago ? when you be go for a while ? where be you ? bead I go off to take a crap . doll wait ! when I see he , he be comin’ down from the 2nd platoon 's section of line on the ridge . welsh lissen , kid , I get more problem than I know what to do with in this screwy outfit . I get no time to fuck around with kid game . I want to know what happen to you , and I want the truth . look at yourself ! now , what happen ? where be you ? bead well , I go across the ridge outside the line . a jap guy come up while I be there and he try to bayonet I . and -- I kill he . 44 . bead exhales a long , flutter breath , then inhale sharply and gulp . everyone be stare at he disbelievingly . welsh goddamn it , kid ! I tell you I want the goddamn fuck truth ! and not no kid game ! bead then goddamn you go and look ! do not take my word , go and look for you goddamn fuck self ! doll I will go . welsh you will go nowhere , stoolie. ( turn to bead ) I will go myself . and if you be tyin ' , kid , God help you ass . all right . where be it ? come on , show I . bead I be not go up there again ! you want to go , go by yourself ! but I be not go ! and nothin 's gonna make I ! welsh okay . where be it , then ? Storm put on he helmet and pick up he Thompson . bead a few yard beyond the crest , front of krim 's hole . you will not need all the goddamn artillery , welsh ! there 's nobody up there now but he ! doll top , you would not keep I from goin’ , would you ? welsh stare at he a moment , then without change of expression , turn away silently . it be obviously a reprimand . doll choose to take it as silent acquiescence . and with himself in the rear , the search party start the climb to the line . meanwhile , bead confide he anguish to fife. 45 . bead he feel it . he know what be happen . I just lose my head , I be afraid . I could of take he prisoner , we could of get valuable information from he . everything I ever do I fuck up . I just wish I have not touch he . now I can not never wash it off . do not kill nobody , fife ! if you can help it ! I swear it right now , I be never go to kill again . they look up to see the little scout party have return . welsh he 's there . dale he sure be . doll have hunt up the japanese rifle and bring it back for bead . he present it as if present a apology offer . doll here , this be yours . I scrubbed the blood off with leave . I wipe off the bayonet . bead I do not want it . doll you win it . the hard way . bead I do not want it anyway . what good 's it to I ? doll ( lay it down ) maybe you can trade it for whiskey . and here 's he wallet . welsh say to give it to you . there 's a picture of he wife in it . bead good Lord , doll . doll there 's picture of other broad too . filipino , look like . maybe he be in the Philippines . 46 . bead I do not want it anyway . you keep it . but he take the proffer wallet anyway , he curiosity pique , in spite of himself . he look at it . fife he feel guilty . doll guilty ! what the hell for ? it be he or you , be not it ? how many we guy you think maybe he stick that bayonet in the Philippines ? how about that two guy yesterday ? bead I can not help it . doll why ! bead why ! how the fuck do I know why ! doll listen -- if you really do not want that wallet . bead no , I will keep it . I might as well . doll well -- I get to get back up to the platoon . ( admiringly ) I will say one thing . when you set out to kill he , you really kill he . bead you think so ? doll I be not the only one . he turn and leave , head up the slope . bead see the other look at he from afar , as though he be a different person . he be not sure whether he enjoy this or not . he be not surprised when stein come over . 47 . stein bead , I know you have be pretty upset by what happen to you today . that 's unavoidable . anybody would be . I think you might like to talk about it . kirk appear and kneel down behind bead , wait he chance to speak with the Captain . stein you have no choice . you only do what any other good soldier would have do , for we country or any other . I want you to know that after this war be over , if there be anything I can ever do for you just get in touch with I . I will do anything I can to help you . kirk the Colonel 's here to see you , sir . ext . hill 209 - day stein have receive unbelievable order from Lt. Col. tall , 1st battalion Commander . tall be lean , a West pointer . stein we can not do that , Colonel ! col . tall there 's no way to outflank they . on the leave there 's the cliff . it fall straight down to the river . the japanese hold the bungle . it have to be take frontally . stein what about the water ? the water 's not get up here . my man be pass out . tall look at he , give a slight nod , then look away , leave stein 's question unanswer . stein look at he watch . the - next moment , as though under a spell , he explain to he officer and noncom what they objective be . they kneel just behind the crest . stein point out the feature of the land that lie ahead of they ; they inspect it through binocular . there be three fold of land , like gentle ocean swell . Beyond they lie Hill 210 . 48 . stein we be all go to attack abreast we have get to cross that three fold of ground . you see ? then once we be beyond they , we have get to attack the hill . welsh we be suppose to cross that open field ? stein ( guiltily ) the Colonel say there 's no way to outflank it . we have to take it head on , by frontal assault . we have draw the worst assignment . whyte , blane - you see that grassy ridge at the end of the field ? just at the foot of the hill ? when you get to the end of the field , you be to locate and eliminate the hide strongpoint on that ridge . I can not see any sign of they , but the jap must have something there , to protect the approach ... we move out in twenty minute . when you hear the whistle . ext . fold of ground - the attack - day battery of 105 howitzer begin to blast away , join by 81 mm mortar and the 155 mm gun of the americal 's 221st field artillery battalion , - in the first time - on target attack of the war . p-39 and Air cobras fly in low to strafe and drop 500 - pound demolition bomb on the japanese position . stein look at he watch . whistle begin to blow up and down the line as C - for - Charlie go to the attack . the man have no recourse except to begin to move . mind cast frantically about for legitimate last - minute excuse , and find none . though they prefer not to believe it , the moment have come . nervous fear and anxiety , contain so long and with such effort in order to appear brave , now begin to come out in yell exhortation and yelp of gross false enthusiasm . they move up the slope , and in bunch , crouching low and carry they rifle in one or both hand , they hop over the crest and commence to run sideways and crouching down the short forward slope to the flat , rocky field in front . 49 . by the time stein look up , 1st and 2nd platoon be pass out of sight beyond the first of the swell that lie across they line of advance . they be fifty yard ahead and appear well deploy . Close by , directly in front of he , he reserve 3rd platoon be spread out and flatten behind the first swell . with they be the company hq and the mortar section . most of they be look at he with blaze , astonished eye . the 1st platoon spread out and flatten itself behind the middle of the three little swell of ground . the 2nd platoon crouch in the trough behind they . Gordon 's little fly fox tremble inside he shirt - front . stein move to the first swell . Young lt . whyte peep over the crest at the third swell . see nothing , he motion for he two scout to proceed there , use a additional hand - and - arm signal meaning " speed . " the booming and banging and racketing in the air do not seem to come from any one place or several place , but simply hang and jounce in the air , sourceless . whyte can see no visual end result of so much bang and explode . his two scout still not have move , whyte become angry and open he mouth and bellow at they , motion again . both of they stare at he as though they think he insane for even suggest such a thing , but this time , after a moment , they move . almost side by side , they leap up , cross the crest and run crouching down to the low area where they flatten themselves . whyte jump up , make a sweeping forward motion with he arm , and run forward , he platoon behind he . 2nd platoon move to the top of the middle swell . back at the first swell , stein watch this move and feel a little reassure . he raise himself to he knee , he face and whole patch of he skin twitching with mad alarm , to see ist platoon arrive at the last swell and that Lt. whyte be on the verge of make a bad tactical blunder . it seem strange to whyte , truly astonish , that he have arrive at the third and last fold of ground without a casualty . what be the japanese up to ? doll maybe they have pull out . whyte shake he head . this would be too optimistic . while he man flatten themselves and stare at he with intense sweat face , he raise himself cautiously on he elbow till only he eye show , and inspect the terrain . he can not see anything that look like japanese or they emplacement . whyte be scared , but he anxiety to do well today be stronger . 50 . he take another look at the terrain ahead -- it be sucha short distance to the first ridge of the hill -- and then motion he scout forward . once again the two riflemen stare at he as though they think he have lose he mind , as though they would like to reason with he if they do not fear lose they reputation . again whyte motion they forward , jerk he arm up and down in the signal for speed . it seem eerily quiet , in the aftermath of the barrage , though now and then the mortar behind they go away . the scout look at each other , then , gather themselves on hand and knee first , bounce up and sprint twenty - five yard down into the last of the low area and fall down flat . after a moment , in which they inspect and find themselves still alive , they gather themselves again . on hand and knee , prepare to rise , the first one suddenly fall down flat and ounce ; the second , a little way behind he , get a little further up so that , when he fall , he tumble on he shoulder and roll onto he back . and there they lie , both-vicict of well - place rifle shot by unseen riflemen . neither move again . whyte stare at they shocked . he have hear no shot , nor have he see anything move . what be he suppose to do now ? there be nobody to tell he . whyte come on , boy ! let 's go get ‘em ! he leap to he foot motion the platoon forward . he take two step 's and fall down dead , stitched diagonally from hip to shoulder by bullet . coomb I see he die ! I see a man die ! five other of whyte 's platoon go down with he almost simultaneously , some dead , some only nick . but the impetus whyte have inaugurated remain , and the platoon charge blindly on . behind they , over the top of the third swell , suddenly come the 2nd platoon in full career , yell hoarsely . nine man fall at once . two die , one of they be they 2nd Lt. blane , unluckily choose as target by three separate riflemen . mortar shell begin to drop in onto the 1st platoon twenty - five yard ahead . first two , then a single , then three together pop up in unbelievable mushroom of dirt and stone . shard and piece wicker and whir in the air . in the 2nd platoon S / sgt . Keck , watch by everyone now with Lt. blane down , throw out he arm and bellow like the combine voice of ten man for they to " hit dirt ! hit dirt ! " running man melt into the earth as if a strong wind have come up and blow they over like dry stalk . they disappear . 51 . 1st platoon reach the bottom of the ridge , a long hillock really , and dive into the waist-high grass which skirt it , hide from the hide mgs above they and protect themselves from the enemy mortar . that who cannot reach the grass be hose to earth and hide by the machine gun , or bowl over stunne by the mortar , before they can hide or get close enough to the ridge to escape the fire . the late Lt. whyte 's nineteenth - century charge be over . private Bell of the 2nd platoon lie sprawle exactly as he body have skidd to a halt , without move a muscle . he close he eye and listen . on the little ridge the prolong yammer of the mgs have stop and now confine itself to short burst at specific target . here and there wounded man bellow , whine or whimper . Bell have never know such eviscerate , ball - shrink terror . bell hey , Keck ! hey , Keck ! we get to get out of here . keck I know it . bell can you see they ? can you see where any of they be ? keck no. bell what will we do ? japanese ( 0.s. ) we know you there , yank . yank , we know you there . keck tojo eat shit ! he be answer by a angry burst of machine gun FIRE . japanese ( 0.s. ) roozover 's eat shit ! kirk ( 0.s. ) you goddamn right he do ! when the fire stop , Bell call softly again . bell what 's 11 we do , Keck ? 52 . keck listen . all you guy listen . pass it along so everybody know . when I holler go , everybody up . load and lock ; have a nuther clip in yore hand . 1st squad stay put , kneel position , . fire cover fire . 2nd and 3rd squad hightail it back over that fold . 1st squad fire two clip , then scoot . 2nd and 3rd fire cover fire from that fold . if you can not see nothin’ , fire search fire . Space yore shot . they position be about halfway up they ridge . everybody get it ? then -- go ! the slope come to life . Bell leap up run , he leg already pistone before the leap come down to earth . safe beyond the little fold of ground , which by now have take on characteristic of huge size , he whirl and begin to FIRE cover . when 2nd and 3rd squad come diving and tumble back over the tiny crest , Bell be content to throw himself prone , press he cheek to the earth , shut he eye and lie there . voice God , oh , God ! why be I here ! apparently , Keck 's plan have work very well . 2nd and 3rd squad , have the surprise , have get back untouched ; and 1st squad have have only two man hit . Bell be look right at one of they as , run hard with he head down , the man ( a boy , name kline ) jerk he head up suddenly , he eye wide with start and fright , and cry out " oh ! " , he mouth a round purse hole in he face , and go down . anguish cry of " medic ! medic ! " be beginning to be raise now here and there across the field . back at the cp behind the first swell , stein watch . see that they Captain can safely stand up on he knee without be pump full of hole or mangle , other be now do it . he be set they a pretty good example , stein think still a little astonished by he own bravery . he call he two company aidmen over . stein you two fellow better get on up there . I expect they need you . first medic yes , sir . 53 . stein go by rush , if you think you have to . ( as they disappear ) I need a runner ! a volunteer ! not a single figure move to come forward or answer he . stein stare back at they , disbely . stein I -- can not see what happen up there . I need someone to go up there and find out what 's happen . Charlie Dale , the second cook , appear at he elbow , scowling with intensity , he face dark and excited . dale I will go , sir . stein watch he go trot off bent over at the waist then look back at the rest of they , somewhat restore . there be now twelve man stand on they knee in a group around stein , try to see what be go on up front . fife be not , however , one of this . fife be absolutely flatten out as he can get , stare at fly stir in the grass . his rage be break off short by the buzzing whistle of the soundpower phone that stein have give he care of . fife yes ? col . tall ( v.0 . ) what do you mean , " yes " ? fife I mean this be Charlie cat Seven . over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) that 's better . this be Seven cat Ace . Colonel tall here . I want Captain stein . over . fife yes , sir . he 's right here . ( to stein ) Colonel tall want you . stein lie down and take the phone . despite the din , both he and fife beside he can hear the colonel clearly . stein have be catch off guard ; 54 . he do not expect to be call upon to offer explanation so soon . what he hear astound he to speechlessness . col . tall ( v.0 . ) magnificent , stein , magnificent ! the finest thing this old eye have see in a long time . beautifully conceive , beautifully execute . you will be mention in battalion order , stein . you man come through for you . over . stein yes , sir . over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) best sacrificial commitment to develop a hide position I have ever see outside maneuver . Young whyte lead beautifully . I be mention he , too . I see he go down in that first melee . be he hurt bad ? but send in you 2nd too be brilliant . they might very well have carry the ridge , with luck . I do not think they be hurt too bad . blane lead well too . how many of the emplacement do they locate ? do they knock out any ? we ought to have that ridge clean out by noon . hello ? hello , stein ? over ? stein yes , sir . here , sir . over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) think you would be hit . I say , how many of the emplacement do they locate ? do they knock any of they out ? over . stein I do not know . over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) what do you mean you do not know ? how can you not know ? over stein find himself in a quandary . he cannot admit what both he and fife know , which be that he know nothing about whyte 's attack , do not order it , and until now have believe it bad . 55 . stein I be back here . behind the first swell . do you want I to stand up ? and wave ? over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) no . I can see where you be . I want you to do something . I want you to getup there and see what the situation be , stein . I want Hill 210 in my hand tonight . to do that I have to have that two ridge by noon . the Admiral get up at dawn for this . come to life down there , stein . out . stein ( to welsh ) let 's move up . while stein 's company hq be trooping forward to the second of the swell , the 1st platoon continue to lie flat . after the first crash and volley and thunder of mortar they all expect to be dead in five minute . now , it seem unbelievable but the japanese do not seem to be able to see they very well . the two company aidman have move courageously up amongst 2nd platoon and begin little sorty out after the wounded . in all there be fifteen wounded man , and six dead . the aidman do not bother with the dead , but slowly they retrieve for the stretcher - bearer all of the wounded . Bell watch they , astonished . with insouciance , the two of they move up and down the slope of the last swell , bandage and salt , drag and half - carry . mortar shell knock they down , mg FIRE kick up dirt around they , but nothing touch they . they clump untouchably on , help the sobbing , near-helpless man . ext . hillside ( witt and hoke among the wounded ) - day witt work as a stretcher - bearer . he receive the wounded from the aidman and do what he can to comfort they . they bleed . they cry . they beg for water . he put he canteen to they lip ; he listen ; he smooth they hair . he feel strangely close to they . the other man look on the wounded with fear and a hushed awe . they keep they distance , though they can not help but be curious ; fresh blood be so very red . it be all obscene somehow . 56 . something which they feel should not be look at , but which they be compel to look at , with guilty darting glance . ext . grass at the foot of the ridge - day it be doll who see the first japanese . sense the movement around he as man begin to stir and call softly to each other , he raise he head until he eye show above the slight depression into which he have sprawle . he see three figure carry what could only be a machine gun still attach to its tripod start across the slope back toward Hill 210 . doll slide he rifle up , raise the sight four click and , lie with only he leave arm and shoulder outside he little hole , sight on the man in front , lead he a little , and squeeze off a shot . the rifle buck he shoulder and the man go down . the two man behind jump sideways together , like a pair of skittish , delicately coordinate horse , and run on . doll I get he ! I get he ! doll have kill he first japanese . for that matter , he first human be of any kind . he feel a impulse to grina silly grin and to laugh . all at once a mortar shell sigh down and ten yard away explode in a fountain of terror and dirt , and doll discover he confidence have not be help so much after all . after a moment , he again put he head up a little . this time he see four japanese prepare to leave the grassy ridge and head up toward the top of Hill 210 . they come into si doll from somewhere on the ridge already run . doll pull he rifle up into position and fire off four shot . he miss each time . the japanese disappear into the rock . doll hey , Queen ! you there ? you see they jap leavin’ that leave ridge ? queen I be not be seein 's much of nothin’ . doll well , why do not you get you fuckin’ head up and look around ? queen go fuck yourself , doll. 57 . doll no , I be serious . I count seven jap leavin 's that left-hand grassy ridge . I get I one of ‘em . queen so ? doll I think they be pullin’ out of there . maybe somebody ought to tell the Captain . queen you want to be the one ? doll why not ? sure . I will carry the message back to bugger for you . queen you will do no such goddamn fuck thing . you will stay right the fuck where you be and shut up . that 's a order . doll do not answer for a moment . slowly he heart return to normal . he offer and he be refuse . queen they will get we out of this ina little bit . somebody will . you stay put . I be order you . but the thing that be drive doll , eat on he , do not recede . he have a strange tingling all through he belly and crotch . off to he right there be a sudden burst of mg FIRE he ear now know as japanese , and immediately after it a cry of pain . doll sound like stearn . stearn not my leg ! not my leg ! aidman ! aidman ! I will be all right ! just show I where to go ! the tingling in doll get stronger and he heart begin to pound again . he have never in he life be excited quite like this . somebody have to get that news to bugger . somebody have to be a -- hero . and at once he go , , up in a flash and run , bent over , he rifle in both hand . 58 . a bullet kick up dirt two foot to he leave and he zig right . ten yard further on he zag leave . then , twenty yard further , he nearly collide with Dale , who be just come up to get they news . doll where you go , fuckface ? dale I be s’pose to find out what 's go on with you people . doll they sendin’ out cook ? they must be in bad shape back there . he hurry on past Dale without even look back . Dale 's ear burn with the unprovoke insult . a feral pig flush from its hide place in the bush nearby . Dale shcot at it but miss . behind the second little swell doll run almost head - on into capt . stein . he come trot up , bent over , giggle and laugh , so out of breath he cannot talk . welsh eye he contemptuously . stein what be you laugh at ? doll I think they be pullin’ completely out of there , sir . stein who send you back here ? doll nobody , sir . I come myself . I think it be something you would want to know . stein you be right . it be . I will not forget it , doll . doll do not answer , but grin and turn to fife . doll that be exciting . more than all the hunt , gambling and fuck I ever do . all roll up together . 59 . stein God damn it , get down ! George , get a man with glass and have he spot the back of that ridge . I want to know the second anybody leave it . take mine . lt . band I will do it myself . stein give he binocular to ist Lt. Band , he exec , then turn back to doll and begin to question he about the attack , casualty , the present position of the platoon . while they be talk welsh look over the crest at the 2nd platoon flatten out and look back this way , watch they commander , who conceivably might order they to go over the crest again . stein you be not really pin down then . I be tell -- doll well , we be , in a way , sir . but like you see , I get back all right . we could not all come back at once . but two or three at a time could make it , I think . with 2nd platoon fire cover fire . stein we do not even know where that goddamn fuck emplacement be . doll they could fire search fire , could not they ? stein glare at he . so do welsh . welsh want to boot the new hero in the ass : already give the company commander advice ! welsh cap 'o ? you want I to go out there and get they man back here for you ? stein no . no , I can not spare you . might need you . anyway , I think I will leave they there a while . ( more ) 60 . they do not sdéaim ( tanrbie ' @ ptting hurt too bad and if we can get up onto that right ridge frontally maybe they can flank it . lt . band hey , Jim ! hey , Captain stein ! I just see five more leave the leave ridge , with two mgs . I think they really be pull out . stein really ? really ? now he hear a voice behind he and look around to see Dale stare at he with he narrow close - set eye snap bright . dale Captain , be there any more job you get for I to do ? stein yes , Dale . you -- stein be interrupt by the explosion of a mortar shell amongst the 2nd platoon on the swell just ahead of they . its thronging bang be almost simultaneous with a loud scream of pure fear . a man have throw himself out of the line back down the slope and be buck and kick and roll with both hand press behind he in the small of he back . welsh I do not think they can see we any better than we can see they . the scream take on a new tone , one of realization , rather than the start and surprise and pure fear of before . one of the aidman rush out to Jacques and , with the help of two man from 2nd platoon , tear open he shirt and get a syrette of morphine into he . in a few second he quiet . the aidman shrug with despair . stein be white - face , he lip tight . this be the first of he man he have actually see wounded . stein stretcher -bearer ! I believe that 's private Jacques . lt . band but , Jim . really , Jim , I do not -- there 's other man wounded . 61 . stein God damn you , George , shut up ! leave I alone ! the stretcher - bearer arrive out of breath . stein point over the crest to where the aidman still kneel by the casualty . stein go get that man . hoke , the lead stretcher - bearer , plainly think someone of the cp group here be wounded . now he see he mistake . stretcher -bearer ( hoke ) we already get eight or nine down there now that we be not suppose to -- we be not -- stein God damn it , do not argue withe I ! I be Captain stein ! go get that man I say ! hoke recoil , upset . of course nobody be wear insignia . lt . band but , Jim , really , he 's not -- stein God damn you , all of you ! be I in command around here or not ! be I company commander of this outfit or be I not ! be I a captain or a goddamn private ! do I give the order here or do not I ! that man may die . he 's hit bad . get he back to battalion Aid Station . see if they can not do something to save he . stretcher -bearer ( hoke ) yes , sir . we get other that be hit bad , sir . that be all I mean . we get three down there might die any minute . lt . band that 's it , Jim . do not you see ? do not you think he ought to wait he turn ? be not that only fair ? stein wait he turn ? wait he turn ? Fair ? 62 . lt . band why put he ahead of some other guy ? stein go and get he , like I tell you . back to battalion Aid Station . I give you a order , private . stretcher -bearer ( hoke ) yes , sir . come on , you guy . we be goin’ after that guy . stretcher -bearer ( witt ) well what the hell be we waitin’ for ? come on , hoke . or be you afraid of gettin’ that close to the shoot ? stretcher -bearer ( hoke ) you shut up , witt . let I alone . the man he have address stand up suddenly . with a rapacious grin he march up to where welsh half - recline . witt hello , fir 's sar not . only then do stein , or any of the rest of the C - for-charlie man for that matter , recognize that this witt be they witt , the same that stein and welsh combine to transfer out of the company . all of they be astonished , as witt have obviously mean for they to be . fife by God ! hello , witt ! what be you do here ? true to he promise of a few day before , witt pass he narrow eye across he friend as if fife do not exist . they come to rest on welsh again . welsh seem to peer into he . STORM you must be out of you mind . you must be crazy . welsh hi , witt . you in the medic now ? you better get down . stein , who have feel guilty about shipping witt out when he know how badly witt want to stay , even though he still feel he do what be best for he company , say nothing . 63 . witt ignore welsh 's caution and remain stand straight up . witt naw , fir 's sar not , I be still in cannon comp’ny . where you put I . only we be not get no cannon . who we goin’ after over there , fir 's sar not ? welsh Jacques . witt Old jockey ? shit , that 's too bad . his three companion have already go on and be now run downhill toward the wounded man . witt turn to follow they , but then he turn back and speak directly to stein . witt please , sir , can I come back to the company ? after we get jockey back to battalion ? I can slip away easy . they ' 11 give hoke another man . can I , sir ? stein well , I -- of course , you will have to get permission . witt sure . and my rifle . thank you , sir . he exchange a look with welsh , who turn to stein as though to protest this decision . then , continue to ignore fife , he turn and follow after he companion . stein stare after he . for a man to want to come back into a forward rifle company in the midst of a attack be simply incomprehensible . in a way , though , it be very romantic -- like something out of kipling . fife lie flat and shut he eye . even though he know that witt 's gesture of ignore he have to do with they argument of a few day back , he cannot help take it as contempt and disgust for he present cowardice -- as if witt with one glance have look inside he mind . when he reopen he eye , he find himself look into the plead white face of little bead a few foot away . 64 . dale first chance I hadda be free of that goddamn Storm and all they cook cooking up a bunch of shit for people to gorge they gut on . first chance I have to talk to the comp'ny c'mander , personally , like this . fife look at he in astonishment . for one thing , it be a long time since anyone hear Charlie Dale string this many sentence together . he really do seem to be enjoy it , especially watch Storm all flatten out beside sgt. welsh . dale people be start to rekinize I . ( glance at Storm ) hour ago that dumb fuck be give I order . stein we know the jap have vacate the ridge on the leave . Dale , you go to 3rd platoon , tell they to move up and occupy it . report to Lieutenant Gore if you can find he . tell he I do not want to lose any more man than he have to . get back as soon as you can . dale aye , aye , sir . stein I want both you and doll to stay with I . I will have further work for both of you . you have both be invaluable . dale yes , sir . Dale snap out a tiny little salute and take off , run bent over along the low area behind the fold . stein the ridge on the right be go to be the trouble spot . the main strongpoint be there . doll , you go back and tell 1st platoon I want they to fire cover . go! 65 . doll move off reluctantly . he do not intend , when he first come back , to set himself up as a troubleshoot messenger to dangerous area for bugger stein . stein 2nd platoon will make the attack . sgt. Keck , as 2nd platoon leader , you be to lead it . ( guiltily ) you will take three squad and attack up the ridge . it will not be easy . crawl up the slope as far as you can get , until they discover you . then attack . the rest of we will move forward to support you . we be go after they , man . Keck listen , astonished . it will be a frontal attack uphill , under heavy fire . meanwhile , doll pass up through 2nd platoon , at the third swell . the man , cheek press to the earth , stare at he with indifferent , sullen curiosity . he be aware that he eye be narrow , he nostril flare , he jaw set . he make a handsome picture of a soldier for the 2nd platoon man who watch he . then he be up and run . some bullet kick up dirt to right and leave . he zig and zag . finally , just ahead of he , he see a hand and arm shoot up into the air , the hand describe the old circular hand - and - arm signal for " Gather here . " doll pull up to find Queen lie placidly on he side and grin up at he ruefully , he rifle hugge against he chest . queen come right in . ext . second fold to third fold - day stein begin to move forward . patch of flesh on he face twitch uncontrollably . from behind the third swell he will mount the attack and observe it too . he wonder if the man can tell he nerve be wear thin . in the first place he can never be sure that what he be do be right , might not be do better and with less cost in some other way . danger flicker and blink in the air like a faulty neon tube . whenever he stand up he might be strike by a bullet whenever he move a few foot he might be move under a descend mortar shell . he be turn this thing over in he mind when fife hold the phone up to he ear . he be dumbfounded to hear the Colonel shouting at he that he be too far to the right . 66 . he be not even give a opportunity to explain he propose attack . stein I do not understand . what do you mean -- too far to the right ? they have evacuate the left-hand grassy ridge . my 3rd platoon 's move up to occupy it . over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) God damn it , stein ! I be tell you you leave flank 's expose . do ' you know what it be to expose you flank ? do you ever read ina tactic manual about expose you leave flank ? damn it , you have get to move down there ! you be not move ! over . stein God damn it , Colonel , right now , as you call , we be move out to attack the right -hand grassy ridge . over . God damn it . col . tall ( v.0 . ) stein , you be too far right already ! you be sideslipp to the right alla time . I have decide to commit the reserve company on you leave -- with order to attack ! order to attack , stein , you hear ? over . stein do you want I to go ahead with my attack ? over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) what else ? what else , stein ? you be not suppose to be down there ona goddamn asshole vacation . get crack ! out . stein look over the terrain that lie ahead of they . he point its geography out to Band , welsh and Keck stein the first problem will be get the man from here across that bareass field to the foot of the ridge . it will be safer there . ( more ) 67 . we will be rsgihin ( raya 'ihst they , too close to hit we with they mgs and mortar . there 's you ridge , Keck . you see ? suddenly Dale appear , run bent over at the waist in that peculiar fashion everybody instinctively adopt . rifle and mg FIRE hit the ground all around he , but nothing touch he , and he arrive among they a hero . everyone within reach slap he on the back as he make he way to stein to give he report . dale they be okay . 3rd platoon 's occupy the ridge on the leave . stein see a lone figure hurry toward he . it be witt , with he rifle and some extra bandolier . at the same time , pfc doll return from he hazardous mission to 1st platoon . everything be building toward the moment of truth . doll found Queen . they be ready . stein Dale , if you want to go out with this other when they make the attack , I will make you a act sergeant right now and put you in command of the extra squad . do you want to do that ? dale sure . sure , sir . if you think I be capable , sir . if you think I can do it . stein okay . I make you a act sergeant . you will go with the other . under the command of Keck here . dale aye , sir . but do not you have to say hereby ? stein what ? dale I say : do not you have to say hereby ? you know , to make it official . 68 . in some slow -stir , labyrinthine depth of he animal 's mind Dale seem to be suspicious of stein 's honesty . stein no . I do not have to say anything but what I have say . you be a act sergeant . Dale turn to doll and grin . while doll gather he breath and stricken sense of justice , witt ask permission to join the attack force . he seem to enjoy welsh 's look of exasperation . witt can I go , sir ? I be ready . doll can I go too , sir ? stein , unable to hide he stunne disbelief , nod he agreement . it give he a terrible feel of moral culpability to choose which man to send in . some of they will surely die , and he do not want to decide which one . let luck choose , or whatever agency run the life of man . stein all right , yes . thank you , doll . doll crawl away bite the inside of he lip so hard that it bring tear to he eye . fife watch he bang he head violently against a rock , he whole body writhe like a snake 's . why do he do thing like this to himself ? why can not he keep he mouth shut ? stein all right , Keck . when they be all there , space they out . Advance by rush . you might as well go . we be count on you . keck listen , cap 'o . there 's somethin’ I want to tell you . that guy Bell be a good man . pretty steady . he help I get go and get the platoon out of that hole we be in after that charge . I just want to tell you . stein okay , I will remember . take care of yourself , Keck . I need you . 69 . keck I will take care of myself as good as anybody can around here . lt . band give they hell , sergeant ! give they hell ! the two attack squad soon separate themselves from the other half of the platoon . most of they , in they bodily attitude and in they face , resemble sheep about to be lead to the slaughter pen in Chicago . they wait . Keck have only to crawl to they . keck okay , you guy . this be it . we be goin’ down in group of four . no point in goin 's by rush , only make a better target stop . run all the way . we be not get any choice . we be pick , so we get to go . i’1l take the first bunch myself . I want Charlie Dale with I . Dale ? you can organize they guy that 's down there . let 's move out . he start to crawl to the jump - off point just beyond the knot of officer and cp man , and it be here that the first case of over cowardice occur in c- for - Charlie . a big , beautifully muscle man name sico , a italian draftee from Philly , suddenly sit down in he track and begin to hold he stomach and groan . keck get up , God damn you , sico . or Ill kick you so hard in that stomach you will really be sick . sico I can not , sergeant . I would if I could . you know I would . I be sick . keck sick , my foot . welsh hold it ' , Keck . what be it , sico ? sico I do not know , sergeant . it 's my stomach . pain . cramp . I can not straighten up . I be sick . 70 . as if to prove it he suddenly vomit . he do not even try to bend over and the vomit burp up out of he and run down over he fatigue shirt onto he hand which hold he belly . he look at welsh hopefully out of the dark , torture hole of he eye , but appear ready to do it again if necessary . welsh leave he . ( to sico ) come on . the medic will take care of you , sico . sico thank you , sergeant . Keck seem to want to protest . witt study the scene . welsh 's indulgence be curious to he . welsh do not argue with I . sico continue to sit and watch the other pass . he groan audibly from time to time and now and then he gag , but apparently do not feel it necessary to vomit more . his face look haunt and he eye torment . Keck 's man begin to run the gauntlet . each squad sergeant - first milly becker , then mccron -- supervise the jump - off of he man in group of four . all of they make it down safely except two . of this , one , a Mississippi farmer name catt be kill outright . the other , pvt alfredo tella , hit run , fall , bounce hard and moan like a boy who have take a spill from he bicycle . unfortunately , the japanese heavy mortar , still firmly seat on the height of Hill 210 , have see the forward movement of american troops , too . shell begin exploding they fountain of terror , dirt and fragment as the japanese gunner finger the area . ext . grassy slope ( keck 's attack ) - day Keck spread he man out in a line and then give the order to crawl . the grass be about chest - high here and have a matte , tangle underhayer of old stem . it choke they with dust , tie up they arm and foot , make it impossible to see . they crawl for what seem a eternity , expect the japanese to open up at any moment . it require tremendous exertion . most of they have long since use up all of they water . halfway up the slope Keck order they to stop . 71 . for a moment he lie gather he will power and think about they face . then , take a deep breath he stand up straight in the grass . keck up! up! go ! they rise in a line and begin to scamper uphill , firing as they go . almost immediately the mgs begin to hammer , and at once man begin to fall . the fury of the japanese fire strike they like a wind - torment hailstorm . the japanese have be smart and have wait , conserve they fire till they have target . four man of mccron 's squad go down at once . on the right , a young draftee name wynn be shot in the throat and scream , " oh , my God ! " in a voice of terror and disbelief as a geyser of blood spurt from he neck . next to he , another soldier , be catch in the face , perhaps from the same burst he go down without a sound , look as if he 's be hit in the face with a tomato . all this be apparently too much for mccron , who have clucked over and mothere this squad for month , and he simply drop he rifle and sit down cry . Dale , on the leave , see the first emplacement , the first live one any of they have ever actually see . it be a one - gun job , a simple hole dig in the ground and cover over with stick and kunai grass . from the dark open he can see the muzzle spitting FIRE at he . so far Dale have not fire a shot . what be the point , when there be no target ? but now , see the emplacement , he carefully release he safety and fire a long burst with he Thompson gun , straight into the hole twenty yard away . before he can release the trigger the gun jam solidly . but he burst be enough to stop the machine gun , at least momentarily , and Dale run toward it pull a grenade from he shirt . from ten yard away he throw the grenade like a baseball , wrenching hell out of he shoulder . the grenade disappear through the hole , then blows up , scatter stick and grass and three rag doll and upend the machine gun . Dale turn back to he squad , lick he lip and grin with beady pride . mgs still hammer at they from seemingly every quarter of the globe . Men be still go down . they still have not locate any main strongpoint . directly in front of they thirty yard away , there be a wind gully and four- foot cut which extend clear across they front . instinctively everyone begin to run for that . they dive in behind its protection pell - mell , sobbing with exhaustion . the exertion and the heat have be too much . several man vomit one man gurgle once senselessly , then -- he eye roll back in he head -- faint from heat prostration . they lie against the ledge in the midday sun and smell the hot , summer - smell dust . insect hum around they . the fire have stop . 72 . doll well , what be we gonna do now ? keck we be gonna stay right here . maybe they will get some reinforcement up to we . doll ha ! to do what ? keck to capture this goddamn fuck position around here ! what you think ? doll you mean you really want to go on with it ? keck I do not know . no . not no uphill charge . but they get we some reinforcement , we can scout around and maybe locate where all this goddamn fuck mgs be . anyway , it 's better than go back down through that . you want to go back down ? nobody answer this , and Keck do not feel it necessary to elaborate . witt study the ant crawl on the ground . keck mccron 's go . Bell , I be appoint you act sergeant in he place . becker what if the jap come down here in force and throw we off of here ? keck I do not think they will . but we better have a sentry . doll . witt somethin 's comin 's ! doll they be comin 's ! somebody 's comin 's ! as one man the line behind the cut sweep up and forward , rifle ready . 73 . forty yard away seven pot-head , bandy - legge , starve - look japanese man be run down - at they across a ungrass area carry hand grenade in they right hand and bayonete rifle in they leave . the mass rifle FIRE from the ledge dispose of they quickly . only one of they be able even to throw ; and he grenade , a dud , land short . when the fire cease , only two body continue to move . aiming deliberately in the sudden quiet , witt the kentuckian put a kill round into each one of they . witt you never can tell about they boy . even when they be hit . doll why have they do it ? if they want to throw we out of here , why do not they come in force ? why just seven ? it do not figure . dale maybe they be do it on they own . without order . they await a second , larger attack , but only four more japanese appear . witt , who be the best marksman in the regiment , quickly shoot three down . doll and Dale watch in awe . Keck reach in he hip pocket to pull out a grenade , and - in the excitement he get it by the pin . he and Bell exchange a look of dizzying , near-faint terror , then he leap back from the line and sit back against a little dirt hammock , to protect the other . the grenade go off with a sicken thud . they see there be nothing they can do for he . his entire right buttock and much of he lower back have be blow away . keck what a fuck recruit trick to pull . becker he jump away -- so we would not get hit . Bell and doll sit with he while the other go back to the line . they wipe the mud off he face and try to reassure he . doll we will take care of you , Keck . I swear to God we will ! just take it easy . 74 . keck you guy write my old lady , will you ? do not forget . I want she to know I die like a man . doll sure , sure . but nobody 's gonna haf to write you old lady . you will come out of this . we get stretcher - bearer with we , remember ? battalion Aid Station 's movin ' up all the time . they will have you back to the doc in no time . keck bullshit . do not bullshit I . I be cold . bell there , there . just take it easy . keck you guy do not forget to write my old lady I die like a man . he sigh , first sign of the approach breathlessness of massive hemorrhage . keck I grab it by the pin . this fuckin’ mud on my face ! Bell wet he handkerchief and clean Keck 's face with it . this seem to make he feel better . becker turn from the cut to signal the company to send reinforcement . keck just do not forget to write my old lady I die like a man . doll just take it easy . do not talk like that . you will make it out of this . keck horseshit . I be bleedin’ to death . ai not I ? he look at witt , who do not answer but watch he with sympathy . 75 . keck see ? maybe it 's just as good . I be all mess upon the crock . what if I could not fuck no more ? just do not forget to write my old lady I die manly . doll sure , sure . I will write she . just take it easy . witt come up . doll and Bell drift away . witt be calm and cheerful in the presence of death ; he do not look away . he feel a bond with the die man . the other be solemn , embarrassed . keck Aid Station 's never gonna get up here . the medic either . witt you be gonna be all right . even if you die . you do not let you brother down ... that fly bother you ? he whisk the fly away from Keck 's face and wait . his eye express a deep understanding and tenderness . witt we will remember what you do . we will not forget it . it will not be waste . Keck look at he uncomprehendingly . the other return . the breathlessness have hit he ; they know it will not be long . keck I be cold . freezin 's ! when he stop breathe , the man stand up . bell you go to write he wife ? doll fuck no ! I do not know he old lady . that 's the company Commander 's job not mine . you out of you mind ? I be not no good at writin’ letter . bell you tell he you would . 76 . doll I say anything when they be like that . bell somebody ought to do it . doll then you write she . bell I do not tell he I would . witt ( to doll ) you make I sick . squaring he shoulder , he stare at doll , ready to fight he then and there , in the midst of combat . doll do not want a fight . witt turn away in disgust . Charlie Dale come over . dale all over ? doll yeah . third fold to CUT ( with binocular matte ) - day stein , through he binocular , see the man cluster around the figure on the ground , two hundred yard away . Keck ! then he see that sgt. becker be look at he - or anyway toward he -- and make the Old Army hand - and - arm signal for " converge on I . " he want reinforcement . exertion , nervous exhaustion and fear be wear stein down . stein he want help ... that whole ridge be a giant honeycomb of mg emplacement . a regular fortress . the attack 's bog down . they be not enough man . it would take a full company . ( to Band ) twelve man down ! I count every one of they . my man !... now he want we to send more after they . suddenly stein hear from near the foot of the ridge the first thin , piping yell . they sound insane . 77 . what they lack in volume , they more than make up in they penetrate quality . they come in a series , each last five full second . then there be silence . stein what 's that ? band my God ! Band look back at he with squinted , dilate eye . from the high grass out beyond they , high and shrill , the series of yell come again . they be not scream . stein be able to pick he out easily with the glass , which bring he up very close , too close for comfort . pvt tella -- he have fall at the bottom of the slope . now he be try to crawl back . he have be hit squarely in the groin with a burst of heavy mg fire which have tear he whole belly open . lying on he back , he head uphill , both hand press to he belly to hold he intestine in , he be inching he way toward they . stein tella . medic ! lt . band what be we gonna do ? from below the insane series of yell come again , identical , unchange . stein and Band be not the only one to hear they . the entire remainder of the 2nd platoon lie along the crest of the swell have hear he . so have the medic who be now run bent over along the slope to stein . fife prick he ear . the mortar shell be still fall every minute or two . sometimes you can hear they fluttery shu - ing sound for two second before they hit ; and fife be completely terrorize by they . medic there 's nothing anybody can do that will help he . he will be dead before they can ever get he back to a surgeon . he 's get dirt all over he bowel . even sulfa will not fix that . in this jungle ? stein how long ? medic two hour ? four , maybe ? maybe only one . maybe less . the medic 78 . stein God damn it , man ! we can not any of we stand it that long ! not count he ! and I can not ask you to go down there . study the terrain . he blink several time . medic maybe it 's worth a try . stein you say yourself nobody could do anything to help he . medic at least I could get a syrette of morphine into he . stein would one be enough ? I mean , you know , would it keep he quiet ? medic not for long . but I could give he two . I could leave he three or four for himself . stein maybe he would not take they . he 's delirious . could not you just , sort of , give they all to he at once ? medic that would kill he , sir . I could not do that , I really could not . stein okay -- well , you want to try it ? from below the set , unchange series of yell rise up to they , precise , inflexible , a little quavery this time . stein I hope he do not begin to cry . God damn it ! my company will not have any fight spirit leave at all if we do not do something about he ! 79 . medic I will go , sir . after all , it 's my job . after all , it 's worth a try , be not it , sir ? to stop the yell . stein God , I do not know . medic I be volunteering . I have be down there before . they will not hit I , sir . stein you be on the leave . it 's not as bad there . medic I be volunteering . agonize , stein wait several second before he speak . stein when do you want to go ? medic any time . right now . stein no , wait . at least I can give you some cover fire . medic I would rather go now , sir . and get it over with . they have be lie side by side , they helmet almost touch as they talk , and now stein turn to look at the boy . he can not help wonder whether he have talk this boy into volunteering . stein okay . go ahead . the medic nod , look straight ahead this time , then spring up into a crouch , and be go over the crest of the swell . it be all over almost before it get start . running like some fleeting forest animal , he medic 's web equipment flopping , he reach the damage tella , swing round to face he up the hill , then drop to he knee , he hand already grop at the pouch which hold he syrettes . 80 . before he can get the cap off the needle , one single mg open up from the ridge stitching across the area . stein and the remnant of 2nd platoon watch he jerk straight up , eye and mouth wide , face slack , not so much with disbelief or mental shock as with sheer simple physiological surprise . stein wait . second ago he be alive and stein be talk to he ; now he be dead . just like that . but stein 's attention be pull away before he can think more , pull away by two thing . one be tella , who now begin to scream in a high babbling falsetto of hysteria totally different from he former yell . obviously he have be hit again , and while one bloodstain hand try to hold in he intestine , the other grope at the new wound in he chest . distant japanese ( 0.s. ) cly , yank , cly ! yerl , yank , yerl ! the next thing that catch stein 's attention be a figure emerge from the grass fifty yard ahead and plodd steadily toward they . stein see that it be he sgt. mccron , that he be wring he hand and weep . on he face two great white streak of clean skin run from eye to chin , accentuate the eye , as if he be wear the haunt makeup of a tragic actor in some Greek drama . and on he come , while behind he japanese mgs and small arm OPEN up all across the ridge , make dirt puff all around he . nothing touch he . at last he sit down beside he Captain . mccron Dead . all dead , cap 'o . every one . I be the only one . all twelve . Young man . I look after they . taught they everything I know . it do not mean a thing . Dead . what more can you do ? lt . band they can not all be dead , mccron . mccron ( in a rage ) I try to help they ! all go ! they be all go ! wynn ! Gordon ! darl ! gwenne ! vincente ! mack ! stein medic ! take he back . stay with he . when you get back there , tell they we need another medic now . at least one . 81 . second medic yes , sir . come on , Mac . that 's it come on , boy . it will be all right . it will be all right . mccron they be all dead . how can it be all right ? why ? why ? why ? he allow himself to be lead off by the arm . stein sigh and turn he attention back to tella . the italian be still scream he pierce wail scream and do not seem to show any indication that he be ever go to run down . if it keep on , it be go to unnerve they all . stein do not know what to do . he can not send another man out there . a hot unbely , outrage fury seize he . and just then a large green object of nature on he right rise up and bound over the crest of the swell , growl obscenity . before stein can even yell the one word , " welsh ! " , the first sergeant be career across the field at full gallop toward the ridge . welsh and tella ( track with welsh ) welsh see everything before he with a furious clarity : the rocky , thin - grass field run off to the foot of the ridge , mortar - and bullet - pock , the hot bright sunshine and deep cerulean sky , the incredibly white cloud above the tower high - up horseshoe of Hill 210 , the yellow serenity of the ridge before he . welsh fuck you ! fuck you ! he charge on happily , zigzagge professionally . but when he skid to a stop on he belly beside the mutilate italian boy , he realize he have make no plan about what to do when he arrive here . welsh how go it , kid ? tella roll he eye around like a madden horse until he can see who it be . he do not stop he scream . welsh you get to be quiet . I come to help you . tella ! finally the scream stop of itself , from lack of breath , and tella breathes , cause more blood to run from the hole in he chest . when he speak , it be only a few decibel lower than the scream . 82 . tella fuck you ! I be die ! I be die , sarge ! look at I ! get away from I ! I be die ! welsh okay , but goddamn it , do it with less noise . tel LA how you go to help I ? welsh take you back . tella you can not take I back ! you want to help I , shoot I ! welsh ( yell in the noise ) you be off you rocker . you know I can not do that . tella sure you can ! you get you rifle there ! Point it at I ! you want to help I , shoot I and get it over with ! I can not stand it ! I be scared ! welsh do it hurt much ? tella sure it hurt , you dumb son of a bitch ! you can not take I back welsh we will see . you stick with old welsh . trust old welsh . do I ever give you a bum steer ? he be aware now -- he know -- that he will not be able to stay much longer . already he be flinching and jerk uncontrollably under the fire . crouch , he run around to tella 's head and get he under the armpit and heave . tella aaa -eeeee ! you be kill I ! you be pull I apart ! put I down , goddamn you ! put I down ! welsh drop he quickly , by simple reflex . too quickly . 83. tella you son of a bitch ! you son of a bitch ! leave I alone ! leave I alone ! do not touch I ! why be you touch I ? welsh ( yell ) stop that yell . it be not dignify . all right , we will do it this way , then . slip one arm under the italian 's knee and the other under he shoulder , he lift . tella aaa -eeeee ! put I down ! put I down ! you be break I in two ! put I down ! you will kill I ! you son of a bitch ! you fucker ! you bastard ! I tell you to leave I alone ! I never ast you to come down here ! go away ! leave I alone ! you shiteater ! stay away from I ! turn he head away and close he eye , he begin he desperate , wail , pierce scream again . five yard above they on the slope a line of machine gun bullet slowly stitches itself across from leave to right . with sudden , desperate inspiration , welsh leap across the prostrate tella and begin rummage in the dead medic 's belt pouch . welsh here ! tella ! take this ! tella ! tella stop scream and open he eye . welsh toss he two morphine syrettes he have find and begin to attack another pouch . tella more ! more ! gimme more ! more ! welsh toss he a double handful he have find in the other pouch , and then turn to run . but something stop he . crouched like a sprinter at the gun , he turn he head and look at tella one more time . tella , already unscrew the cap from one of the syrettes , be look at he feelingly , he eye wide and white . tella Goodbye ! Goodbye , welsh ! 84 . welsh Goodbye , kid . it be all he can think of to say . for that matter , it be all he have time to say , because he be already off and run . bullet whir by he head . he run and run and then he fall headlong over the little crest and just lie there , half - dead from exhaustion . stein sergeant , I see the whole thing through the glass . I want you to know I be mention you in order tomorrow . I be recommend you for the Silver Star . I can only say -- welsh Captain , if you say one word to thank I , I will punch you square in the nose . right here . if you ever so much as mention I in you fuck order , I will resign my rating two minute after , and leave you to run this pore , bust - up outfit by yourself . if I go to jail . so fuck help I . he shut he eye and roll over away from bugger , who say nothing . welsh property ! property ! witt have perceive welsh 's selfless aid to the die man . they glance at one another . stein slowly crawl back to fife and the soundpower phone . his arm be tremble as he take the receiver . how long can he go on ? how much longer can he watch he man be kill in agony like this ? his cp force and the remnant of 2nd and 3rd platoon watch he with white eye , as though look to he and hope he can in some way get they out of this mess , so that they might go on live . col . tall ( v.0 . ) why be not you follow up you attack and exploit it ? what 's the matter with you , stein ? that man should be reinforce immediately . what be they do ? I can see they through my glass . they be just lie behind that ledge . they should be up and out clean out that machine gun . over . stein I do not think you understand what 's go on down here , sir . we be take a lot of fire . we have have heavy casualty . I be plan to reinforce they right away ; something bad happen . we have a man -- gut shot out on the slope -- he cause quite a bit of upset . that 's take care of now . I be plan to reinforce now . over col . tall ( v.0 . ) who be that man who run out on the slope ? be that what he be do ? Admiral barr see he through the glass ; the Admiral could not tell for sure but think he have go out to help someone . be that it ? the Admiral want to recommend that man for something . over . stein there be two man who go out , sir . one be we senior medic . he be kill . the other -- be one of the private . I do not know which one yet . I will find out . over . ( release the button ) and fuck you . and the Admiral . col . tall ( v.0 . ) Fine . Fine , fine . now , what about that reinforcement ? over . stein I have two squad to 1st platoon , I can send up ... I lose Keck Colonel . one of my best man ... over . col . tall ( v.0 . ) what the hell do you mean , two squad ! when I say reinforcement , I mean it . throw every man you have in there , and do it now . commit the reserve platoon and all . everybody . 1st platoon too . I see they lie on they fat ass down there do nothing . move they by the flank in to the ridge . get a man to they right now with order to attack .. ( more ) 85 . 86 . have the 2@@lp.lditdn ( qoretssd the center . go straight up the hill ! envelop they . do I have to give you a lesson in infantry tactic while you man be get they ass shot off , stein ? over . stein ( swallow he wrath ) I do not think you fully understand what 's go on down here , Colonel . I do not think my company alone can take that position . they be too well dig in . they have too much firepower . Colonel , there 's a bunker up there , we can not see it it 's chew my man to piece . I formally request , sir , to be give permission to make a patrol reconnaissance around to the right of Hill 210 through the jungle . a flanking move . it might save life . I believe the entire position can be outflanke by a maneuver there in force . col . tall ( v.0 . ) no ! I tell you , no ! I want a double envelopment ! I order you , stein , to attack , attack now , with every man at you disposal ! now , attack stein ! that 's a direct order ! over his heart suddenly up in he throat , stein hear himself answer with a sort of numb disbelief . stein Sir , I must tell you that I refuse to obey you order . I again request permission to make a patrol reconnaissance in force around to the right . the time , sir , be thirteen twenty - one hour twenty - five second . I have two witness here listen to what I have say . I request , sir , that you inform witness there . over . the fact be that by now there be many more witness , at least half of 2nd platoon be listen with its ear prick . col . tall ( v.0 . ) stein ! do not pull that guardhouse lawyer shit with I , stein ! ( more ) 87 . I know you cat .a tadddenmr ' dpwyer ! now shut up and do like I tell you . I do not hear what you just say ! I repeat my order ! over ! stein Colonel , I refuse to take my man up there in a frontal attack it 's suicide ! I have live with this man two - and - a- half year . I will not order they all to they death . that 's final . over . someone be blubber now not far away along the crest , and stein try to see who it be and can not . tall be stupid , ambitious , desperate to succeed before he superior and fearful the battalion will be pull back off the line before he can . otherwise he could never have give such a order stein seem to read approval in he men' eye . tall 's voice be sharp as a razor . col . tall ( v.0 . ) this be a very important decision you be make , stein . if you feel that strongly , maybe you have reason . I be come down . I be not rescind my * order to you , but if I find there be extenuate circumstance when I get down there , I will take that into account . I want you to hold on until I get there . if possible , get that man on the ridge out and move . I will be there in ten minute . out ! stein listen unbely , mentally stunne . move up , he arrive at the wounded man , who prove to be pfc bead from Iowa , fife 's assistant clerk . bead be die . bead I be die , Captain ! I be die ! me! I ! I be die ! I be so scared ! he close he eye for a moment and swallow . fife come up with the telephone , wide - eye . bead I be just lay there . it hit I right in the side . like somebody punch I . do not hurt much . do not hurt much now . oh , Captain ! 88 . stein just take it easy , son . just take it easy . bead where 's fife ? stein he 's right here , son . right here . fife ! fife I be here . bead I be die , fife ! fife I know . just take it easy . just take it easy , Eddie . bead will you write my folk ? ( as fife nod ) tell they it do not hurt I much . tell they the truth . fife I will tell they . bead hold my hand , fife . I be scared . for a moment , a second , fife hesitates . then , realize with horror that bead be slip away , he grip he hand . crawl closer , he slide he other arm under he shoulder cradling he . he have begin to cry , more because he suddenly realize that he be the only man in the whole company whom bead can call a friend , than because bead be die . ah , what a poor friend he 's be ! fife I have get it . bead squeeze . squeeze . fife I be squeezing . 89 . he lean forward and press bead 's hand against he cheek . bead give a little cry . bead oh , fife ! oh , Captain ! his eye do not go shut but they cease to see . after a moment fife put he down and crawl away by himself , weep in terror , weep in fear , weep in sadness , hat himself . stein lie down somewhere for a little bit , son . I will keep the phone for a few minute myself . there will not be any call come in for a while . ext . CUT toward ledge - day back at the cut , becker 's man be grow nervous . where be the reinforcement ? doll glance nervously at witt . becker we be just go to get kill if we stay here . they be not go to just let we set . Bell , take six man , go around to the right of the ledge , see what 's up there . we will stay here and cover you best we can . Bell set off with he man . everything work from the beginning . find the cut totally unguard , they be able to crawl into the midst of the japanese position and drop grenade down into the rear door of two cover , camouflage emplacement they spot down below they ; two further emplacement , on the uphill side , be more difficult , but bypass they and crawl up alongside they be able to pitch grenade into the aperture . Father up , Bell discover the japanese strongpoint beautifully dig in and with aperture in three direction . he do not see it all at first . when the lead man climb out he be riddle fatally by three machine gun . both witt and doll be in Bell 's party , but neither of they happen to be the lead man . this distinction be reserve for a man name catch , lemuel c. catch , a old - time regular . he die immediately and without a sound . they pull he body down and retreat with it , while all hell break loose firing just above they head , but not before acting sergeant Bell get a good look at the strongpoint so he can describe it . 90 . bell wait here . halting he man a few yard back from where catch die , leave he rifle and hold a grenade in one hand , Bell climb up poke up he head . the japanese fire have stop now . all he can see be the unending grass , rise slowly along a hillock which stick up out of the ridge . he wait wonder if he will die , then pull the pin , heave the grenade with all he strength and duck down . the grenade fall and explode just in front of the hillock , and in the cyclone of mg FIRE which follow , Bell be able to count five gun in five spitting aperture which he could not see before . he note it all carefully and when the fire cease he crawl back down to he man , obscurely satisfied . bell there 's five -- five gun . whatever it be that make he do it , and he still do not know , it make every man in he little group look at he admiringly . Dale , doll , witt , especially witt. motion they on , he lead they back down until the company 's main position at the third swell come into view . to they surprise they have not see or hear a single japanese anywhere near the ledge . witt do not make sense . for they to leave this place unguard . ext . CUT toward ledge - day the mortar round continue to drop at random point along the swell with strict regularity . it be amazing how few man they actually wound or kill . fife hear the soft " shu - u-u " of the mortar shell for perhaps half a second . there be not even time to connect it with himself , before there be a huge sunburst roaring of a explosion almost on top of he . he have a vague impression of someone scream but do not know it be himself . fife 's body come to rest in the lap of a h.q' man who happen to be sit up . fife be I hit ? be I hit ? train y-y , you be . in the head . fife bad ? be it bad ? 91 . train I c-ca not tell . y- you be bleed from you head . fife be I ? fife look at he hand and find they completely cover with a glisten red . gingerly he probe at he skull and find nothing . train I - it 's in the b-back . ( fearfully ) how do you f-feel ? fife I do not know . it do not hurt . except when I touch it . train C - can you w-walk ? fife I - I do not know . then , suddenly , fife realize that he be free . he do not have to stay here any more . he be release . he can simply get up and walk away -- provide he be able -- with honor , without anyone be able to say he be a coward or court - martial he . fife I think I better go back . do not you ? well -- good luck , train . train th-thanks . fife stand up . his knee be shaky , but the prospect of get out of here give he a strength he might not otherwise have . at first slowly , then more swiftly , he begin to walk rearward . just before he breast the top of the hill , he meet Colonel tall and a party of he aide . col . tall hold on , son . do not let it get you down . you will be back ! Beyond the hill , he pass a barefoot melanesian in a lavalava who be lead a american soldier with a bandage over he eye back to the rear . 92 . ext . third fold - cp stein watch Bell 's party through he glass , astonished . they do it all on they own ! welsh there 's less fire come from the hill , sir . stein I have notice that too . welsh they have knock out some of that machine gun . in fact , they have clean out all the japanese below the ledge . lt . band Sir ? I think the medic can go out pick up the wounded now . stein send ist platoon forward . we will follow they . stein be just turn to lead the cp up toward the ledge , to join becker and Bell and to consolidate they newly win position , when he look up to see col . tall walk leisurely toward he , carry beneath he arm the unadorn little bamboo baton that be he trademark and romantic whim . Bell 's raid have clean out the japanese below the ledge and establish a real line . it have utterly change the situation , and it be one of that horrible irony which seem to dog the step of certain man name stein - that just at this moment col . tall should walk onto the field . col . tall what be you do lie down there where you can not see anything ? stein observe , sir . I just send 1st platoon forward to the ridge . tall nod . the rest of he party , which include a young captain name gaff , he battalion exec , have decide that it might be just as well to be lie flat on the ground . a mortar anybody , to where haunch . 93 . col . tall I see they leave as we be come along . how many of they be hit this time ? stein none , sir . col . tall none ? not one ? round mushroom , exploding dirt without hurt somewhere along the rear , and tall , come forward stein lie , permit himself to squat on he col . tall that do not sound much like the situation you describe to I over the soundpower . stein it 's not , sir . the situation 's change . in just the last five minute . col . tall to what do you attribute the change ? stein sergeant becker , sir . when I last look , half of he man have disappear . I think he send they off to try and knock out some of the mgs . they seem to have succeed . from somewhere far off a machine gun begin to rattle and a long line of bullet strike up dirt twenty - five yard beyond they . tall do not change he position or alter he voice . col . tall then you get my message to he . stein no , sir . becker send the man off on he own . they go off on they own . col . tall I see. 94 . the long line of mg bullet come sweeping back from stein 's leave , this time only fifteen yard away . tall do not move but merely squint he blue eye off at the grassy ridge in silence . stein they have see you , sir . col . tall stein , we be go over there , all of we , and we be take everybody with we . do you have any more formal complaint or demurrer ? stein no , sir . not now . col . tall now we will do thing my way . we will take everybody over to the ledge . we may take that ridge before nightfall . stein I think that ridge be quite a way from be reduce , sir . tall ignore this remark and stand up to he full height . the conference be over . tall give the ridge one contemptuous amused look and start walk out toward it , still talk to stein . slowly , very slowly , stein stand up to he full height also , then follow tall out into the field where ten minute before they would have meet a certain death . around they , as if sense something or other be in the wind , the man begin to stir . whatever else stein can find to say about he , he nevertheless have to admit that with tall 's arrival on the battlefield a change for the better have come over everything and everybody . tall have bring with he some quality that have not be here before , and it show in the face of the man . stand up in front of the prone h.q. platoon , he little baton in he right hand , tapping it lightly against he shoulder as he frown in concentration he order they forward and show they how he want they to advance . he do not exhort they . his attitude say quite plainly that they deserve better than that . gather heart , the man rush forward in group . 95 . ext . CUT becker and Bell , witt , Dale and doll wait at the ledge . as the other scramble up to join they , there be a few weak cheer . col . tall that strongpoint be the key to the ridge . se -- uh -- sergeant Bell here be quite right . from they knob there we little brown brother can cover the whole of the ground in front of we position for a thousand yard . why they have leave it unguard I have no idea . we must exploit it before they see they error . I know everyone 's pretty exhaust and that we have have we trouble get water up here , but if we can reduce that big bunker , I see no reason why we can not take the whole ridge before nightfall . I be ask for volunteer to go back up there and knock it out . stein , hearing for the first time this news about a further attack , be so horrify he can hardly believe he ear . surely tall must know how wear out they all be . bell Sir , I will be glad to go back again and lead the way for a party . immediately off to Bell 's right another voice pipe up . hunch - shoulder , crack - face acting sergeant Dale be make he bid for future fame , future sinecure , future security from army kitchen . dale I will go , Colonel , sir ! what about you , doll ? doll nod he agreement , without look at Dale , and private witt come forward at the same time . both sit down , much closer to Bell than to Dale , who still squat by himself . Bell wink at witt , who grin and wink back . the rather elderly , calvinistic -look 2nd lieutenant from 3rd platoon present himself . his name be gore . then tall 's own exec , young Captain gaff , put in he two cent and offer he service . 96 . gaff I would like to lead the party , Colonel . col . tall ( gaze at he fondly ) all right , John . go ahead . you will be in command . that 's enough . Seven be plenty . in the terrain you will be work , more man would only hinder you , I think . I know more of you would like to go . you will have to wait for another opportunity . stein , hearing this , peer at he commander closely and be amaze to see that tall be in deadly earnest and not joke at all . col . tall good man , my young exec ... you will probably find the bunker guard by smaller mg post around it . I think it be better to ignore this and go for the strongpoint itself if you possibly can . the little post will fall if the big one be take . that 's all , gentleman . noncom return to you position . I want the officer to remain . synchronize watch with I , John . a mortar round explode nearby . at first it appear no one be hurt , but then Storm be see shaking he hand as though he would touch a hot stove . a single fragment , not much bigger than a pinhead , have enter the back of he hand . Storm grin . STORM I be wounded ! I be wounded ! welsh ( with a sneer ) okay . you will get a purple heart . STORM you fuck a! and do not you forget to put I in . s’like a wasp sting . Captain , when can I go to the rear ? I mean , you know , I be wounded . he raise he hand . when he flexe it , it make a grating sound . nobody say anything . Storm continue to look delighted . 97 . stein you want to go right now ? STORM sure . he look at he hand again , to see whether it have change . there be no blood come from the little blue-rimmed hole and really it do not hurt very much , but every time he flexe it they can all hear it grate . stein nod . Storm may leave . STORM might be a delicate operation to get that fuck thing out of there . ext . ledge - day meanwhile , capt . gaff 's little assault party crawl off to the right along the ledge and disappear around the corner of the hillside . Bell , at the head of the seven man , keep think that he have only volunteer to lead a party back . irritably , he glance back to motion the other to come on . when he reach the point where he crawle out above the ledge he stop . send witt ahead , he point the place out to gaff . witt crawl out to take the point . stand on he knee out away from the ledge , he hold he rifle ready with the safety off . he have not shot squirrel all he life for nothing ; he have not make High expert on the range for the past six year for nothing , either . gaff any of you guy know how to operate this thing ? ( the walkie-talkie ; Bell nod ) okay , you stay below the ledge , I will call down the data to you from up above . once the 81 have plaster that rock as much as they can , we will crawl out along that low place until we make a line , then crawl up as close as we can through the grass , then throw we grenade . okay ? okay . gaff crawl out into the low place before the first shell arrive . they can hear they soft shu - shu - shu come almost straight down before they hit , then the hillside explode into smoke and flame and noise . 98 . only fifty yard from the bunker , they be shower with a rain of dirt , chip of rock and small piece of hot metal . they cling to the ledge with they face press against the sharp rock , cursing with hatred the goddamn fuck mortarmen because they might drop a short round , though they do not . gaff yell down change of range and Bell relay they by walkie-talkie . gaff okay ! tell they to stop ! I think that 's enough . whatever damage they can do , they have do it by now . suddenly the mortar stop fall , in a silence that be almost as devastating as the noise have be . gaff okay , let 's go ! if they be under any hopeful illusion that the mortar barrage have smashed and flatten every japanese in the strongpoint , they be straighten out on this point right away . as the elderly , morose 2nd lieutenant Gore climb out first , he foolishly stand straight up , expose himself to the waist , whereupon a japanese machine gunner immediately shoot he three time trough the chest . gingerly , they pull he back down behind the ledge . dale whadda we do now ? we can not take he with we . witt we will have to leave he . thorne you can not leave he here . dale okay . he 's from you platoon . you stay with he . thorne I do not volunteer for this thing just to sit with he . lo. gore ( in a faint voice ) I should have be a chaplain . I could have , you know . I be a ordain minister . I never should have fool around with the infantry . my wife tell I . 99 . bell we can leave he and pick he up on the way back . if he 's still alive . lt . gore you boy want to pray with I ? dale we can not , sir . we get to get go . the Captain 's waitin’ on we . lt . gore ( without open he eye ) all right . I will do it myself . you boy go ahead . witt do what he can to make Gore comfortable . as they climb out one by one on they face and belly so as not to make the same mistake Gore make , the faint voice drone on . Dale go first , then doll , with witt immediately behind he . doll I wish he have of be a chaplain . they have see we now . they know we be here . Bell be the last to go , but he stop at the ledge , feel he ought to say something , some word of encouragement . bell well , good luck , sir . lt . gore thanks , son . which one be you ? I do not want to open my eye if I can help it . bell I be Bell , sir . lt . gore oh , yes . well , if you get the chance , maybe you can say some little prayer for I . I do not want to embarrass you . it certainly can not do no harm , can it ? bell okay , sir . Goodbye . as he climb out , press he face and chest as hard into the dirt as he can , the faint voice go dron feebly on . 100 . gaff be he dead ? dale not yet . gaff okay , we will crawl up through the grass towards the bunker . do not fire or throw you grenade until I give the signal . I want to get as close to the bunker as we can without they see we . they be now strung out single file one behind the other . Bell see there be another way they could approach the bunker , one that lead up above and behind the bunker . bell Sir , see up there ? after that little open space we would be behind that little rise , and then I think we could maybe crawl all the way around behind they . gaff yes , right , good . but I do not think there 's that much time . what do you say , Dale ? ( Dale nod ) that would take at least another hour of crawl . it 's too near dark . what do you think ? dale I agree with you , sir . no fuckin’ officer be goin’ to get Charlie Dale to take no responsibility for what the officer do . gaff okay . let 's do it . slowly gaff snake he belly over the lip of the trough and off into the grass , drag he rifle by the muzzle rather than cradling it , so as not to disturb the grass more than absolutely necessary . one by one , the other follow . none of they know what set the japanese off . one moment they be crawl along in utter silence , each man totally alone and separate and out of contact with the other , and in the next machine gun FIRE be whipping and slashing over and around and all about they . whatever it be , they now lie separate from each other , unable to take concerted action . 101 . each man put he head down and huddle to the ground , praying that he might keep on live . contact be lose and with it all command and control . dale we be pin down ! it be in this static situation of potential total loss that pfc Don doll come forward as a hero . sweating , lie press flat in a ecstasy of panic , terror , fear and cowardice , he simply cannot stand it any longer . wailing over and over ina high falsetto one word -- " mother ! mother ! " -- which fortunately nobody can hear , least of all himself , he leap to he foot and begin to run straight at the japanese emplacement , firing he rifle from he hip at the one embrasure he can see . as if startle beyond reasonable expectation , most of the japanese fire stop suddenly . at the same moment , capt . gaff , release from he own temporary panic , leap up wave he arm and shout for the rest to fall back . with gaff in the lead the rest of the assault force run for the trough and they life . meanwhile doll charge on , wail he incantation : " mother ! mother ! " when he rifle be empty , he throw it at the embrasure , draw he pistol and begin firing it . with he leave hand he tear a grenade from he belt , stop fire the pistol long enough to pull the pin with one finger , and lob the grenade over into the camouflage roof of the emplacement , which he can now see clearly since it be only about twenty yard away , and where the grenade explode uselessly and without effect . then , continue to FIRE the pistol , he charge on . only when the pistol cease to fire for want of ammunition do he come to he sense and realize where he be . astonish , he turn and run . luckily for doll , he do not turn back toward the other but simply run blindly off to the right . in this direction the curving ledge be only ten yard away , and he reach it before the mass of the . japanese FIRE can find he . from behind he as he run the ten yard a dark , round , fizzling object arch over he head and fall a few foot in front of he . automatically doll kick at it with he foot as if place- kick a football , and run on . it bounce away a few yard and explode in a cloud of black smoke which knock he down . but when he fall he find that there be nothing - under he ; he have fall over the ledge . his foot sting painfully , he bounce to the foot of the ledge , landing with a bone - jarring thud , then roll another ten yard before he can get himself stop . 102 . ext . ledge - day for a while doll just lie in the grass , breathe in groan bruise , sore , the wind knock out of he , half - blind . at the moment all he can think about be that he want to be with people , so he can put he arm around somebody and they can put they arm around he . with this in mind , he get up and , grasp the ledge , run gas pin back along it till he come to the trough , where he almost run head - on into the other , all sit against the rock and gasp breathlessly . only one of they , thorne , have be hurt , and he have have he shoulder smashed by a mg bullet . capt . gaff speak before doll can apologize , make excuse or explain away what he have do . doll can hardly believe he ear . gaff doll , I be personally recommend you to Colonel tall for the distinguish service Cross . you save all we life . I never see such bravery . I be go to write the recommendation myself , and I be go to pursue it . I promise you . doll well , sir , it be not nothin’ . I be scared . he can see Charlie Dale look at he with a kind of hate - fill envy from where he lean gasp against the ledge . gaff to remember the ledge be off there to the right , that be wonderful . doll well , sir , you know , I be with the first patrol . he smile insolently at Dale . gaff be still breathe heavily . gaff so be some of this other . be you okay ? you be not hurt ? doll ( finger he boot ) well , sir , I do not know . gaff what 's that from ? 103 . doll a jap hand grenade . I kick it away . I better look . he unlace the boot . Inside he find the little piece of metal which have slip to the bottom like a pebble , but in actual truth , he have not even feel it . he lie , laugh . doll hunh ! felt like a rock in my shoe . gaff by God ! it 's only a scratch , but by God I be recommend you for the purple heart , too . you might as well have it . you be all right -- except for that ? doll I lose my rifle . gaff take Lieutenant Gore 's . we better be get back . and tell they we could not take the objective . cana couple of you drag Lieutenant Gore ? ( to thorne ) you all right ? think you can make it ? thorne I be all right . but I want to thank you ! doll do not thank I . thorne I be out of it now . I will be go back . I hope I be crippled a little . gaff come on , you guy . let 's move . you can talk it over later . Dale , you and witt drag Lieutenant Gore . Bell , you help the thorne . I will take the walkie-talkie . doll , you rear-guard we . they little brown brother , as the Colonel like to say , be liable to send some people down here after we , you know . 104 . ext . path down ledge - day the little party make its way back . the japanese send no one after they . gaff stop at the point where Bell find the little path that might lead up above the japanese position . gaff I think we can take it ! if we get another chance at it tomorrow , I think we can take it . I , for one , be go to volunteer for the assignment . if we crawl on across that open space and get behind the rise , up that path Bell find -- see there ? -- we can come around behind they -- come down on they from above . sergeant Bell be right . from up there we can put the grenade to they -- easier than hell . witt I will go with you , Captain . doll say he will too , and so do Dale . strangely enough , there be not one of they but who want to go back with he -- except , of course , thorne who cannot go . ext . CUT - battalion position - day the soldier at C - for -charlie 's forward position watch and wait anxiously to see who will return with the assault party , if anyone return at all . Queen chew he fingernails ; the tension be unbearable . suddenly , they hear the electrify word : " witt ! " other name follow : " doll ... Dale ... Bell . " stein watch the weary man crawl , lick they wound , back into the midst of the company . it be get close to dark . they find that , in they absence , most of Charlie have , on Colonel tall 's order , already dig in . the company look at they with reverence , though it have hear and correctly interprete they little assault as a failure . as witt pass by , welsh smile at he sardonically . witt you know what I be afraid of , fir 's sarn 's ? that someday I will end up like you . I hope I die before it happen . 105 . welsh I feel sorry for you , kid . a little . witt how 's that ? welsh the Army 's go to kill you . ( take witt 's measure ) take care of yourself . forget the other . there 's nothing you can do for they . you be run into a burn house , where nobody can be save . why save people that be not worth save anyway ? ( when witt do not reply ) there 's no other world . just this one . you sacrifice will not mean anything . nobody 's do . ( point up the hill ) who decide , when you walk out on that slope , who get hit , who do not ? what difference can a single man make in all this -- madness -- this evil ? witt do not answer but look at he , turn and go away . Lt. Band query Dale about he experience . apart froma natural curiosity , he feel Dale have be a loner in the outfit and could benefit from some expression of friendly interest from a officer . lt . band well , Dale , what be it like up there ? ( as bale shrug ) do not you feel anything up there ? dale feel ? yeah , I guess I feel scared . once we be there , anyway . lt . band well , you hardly look it , sergeant . dale you do not really know I yet , lootenant . 106 . lt . band but when that man be hit ! one die ! you know they ! dale lootenant , I think we do pretty good . get off pretty lucky . as for feel , the service do not pay I no extra " feeling pay " for feel . like they pay flyer " Flight pay " for flyin’ . I figure I be not require to feel . I do not plan to feel any more than 's absolutely necessary . the minimum feel . ext . battalion aid station - day fife walk up to the battalion aid station , he heart dance with the wild , joyful knowledge that he be wounded and can leave . then , see the more seriously wounded , he suddenly begin to weep , he can not stop himself . he sit with a line of grimy , bleed , groan man on a hillside , mop the blood from he forehead . there seem to be hundred of people run everywhere , all shouting at one another . a orderly attaches a color tag to fife 's jacket a doctor lean over and look into fife 's eye and then snap he finger in front of they . first doctor can not tell . do not walk . wait for the stretcher - bearer to take you . hear I ? do not walk . answer I . I say do not walk . fife be carte away by four beat- look stretcher-bearers . FI fe listen , fellow , I can make it all right . you guy should be carry somebody hit worse than I . stretcher-bearer you just take it easy , mack . you be doin ' the fightin' . let we worry about the carryin ' . good boy , good boy . he relax cozily . he will never have to go back there , and it have not really be bad at all . for a second , he catch sico 's eye , but with a fine discretion , he look away . 107 . int . operating tent - day but in the operate tent , fife find out it be not go to be at all as easy as he think . he be put on a vacant table , in front of old doc haine , the head regimental surgeon . grizzle , Doc haine work with a unlit stub of a cigar in he mouth , grunt to himself from time to time . doc haine wait . do not tell I . it 's -- fife , be not it ? c-for - Charlie company . fife yes , sir , doc. Doc haine I remember you from when you go up to Post Hospital for that appendectomy . how do that ever turn out ? everything all right now ? what have we here now ? head wound , hunh ? can you sit up ? fife sure ! sure ! Doc haine easy . take it easy . you have lose a little blood there . let 's have a look -see . this will hurt a little bit now ... you be lucky . it be not fracture . you may have , I think what we call a greenstick fracture , sort of crack , not a break . in any case , there 's no foreign object inside . in a week or so , you will be all ready to go again . fife then -- you do not think I will be evacuate . or anything like that . Doc haine I would not think so . fife then I can walk all right now . Doc haine do anything you like . except you should take it easy for a day or two . 108 . fife ( bitterly ) thanks , doc. doc haine this battle will be over in a day or two , you know . fife sure . as soon as this one 's over , there will be another one . right after . from he blood - cake face he grin , feel it draw he cheek . he know he make a good picture of a wounded man anyway . doc haine I do not make the rule , son . I just try to live by they . fife it 's not you problem . if a guy be not hurt bad enough to ship out , you can not ship he out , can you ? I better go . Doc haine good luck , son . fife wave he hand without look back . ext . operating tent - day outside the operate tent the captain who be the regimental S - 1 see fife and break away from a group of other staff officer . s-1 hey ! be not you from Charlie company ? fife yes , sir . yes , sir ! I sure be ! s-1 how 's it go up there ? fife terrible ! ( maliciously ) ( more ) 109 . they be knédltf ( garie ' éhit out of we ! s-1 how 's Lt. whyte make out ? fife Dead ! the s-1 Captain recoil a little , as if he have be strike he eye disturb . the other in the group of gossipe officer have turn and be listen too . s-1 how about Lt. blane ? fife Dead ! Keck 's dead ! Grove 's dead ! tella , bead , catt ! s-1 well , what about Captain stein ? we be good friend . fife he be all right when I leave ! he 's prob'ly dead too by now ! he go off . then suddenly , for no reason , he begin to blubber again . falling down on he knee behind a truck , he beat he fist in the mud , beside himself . at the ledge the high racketing which have hang in the air most of the day cease some time ago , and only sporadic rifle FIRE can be hear now in the distance . as twilight pass into night , the officer discuss the prospect of tomorrow and the man clean they weapon . beneath a canopy of hard , bright star , the man struggle to get a few hour ' sleep . sgt. welsh walk silently , quietly through they midst . the japanese dead lie in the moonlight , they pocket turn inside out . they be at peace , while the live burn and rage . int . hospital tent - night later , in a corner of the large , three - masted , circus- type hospital tent , he find Storm , sit on a cot and stare glumly at the blue -edge hole in the back of he hand . fife Storm ! 110 . STORM how you doin ' , kid ? you be the first guy I see from the outfit . Storm be glad to see fife , too . right now any familiar face be welcome in this buzzing , crowded , haunt place . int . hospital tent - night Storm spit on the ground . some time have pass . STORM the adventure of war , the brotherhood , the comradeship , you know -- they can wipe they ass on it . it might be all right for field officer and up , who get to run it and decide what to do . everybody else be a tool -- with they serial number stamp on ‘em . I do not like be no tool . not , especially , when it can get you kill . ( after a pause ) they use to fight man to man . it be a duel . you could be brave and noble , all that shit . what you be -- you personal quality -- they count . now it 's just like two machine grind each other up . I feel sorry about leave the comp ’ny and come down here . but shit ... ( after a pause ) if this hand do not get I clean away from this fuck rock , I can go back to be a mess sergeant . I can cook hot food for ‘em and get it to them . I will not carry it myself . the carrier can do that . lot of people be go to come out of this war alive , more than get kill -- I want to be one of they . ( guiltily ) I have not tell nobody else . I want to leave a good impression on the boy . morale , you know . fife 's sharp despair leave he for a moment . he suddenly feel toward Storm as toward a father or older brother . 111. STORM here I be try to use my hand to get I out of the comp'ny . but the fact be , everybody 's on they own . solo . fife what do you think they be go to say about it ? Storm stare at he with dark , haunt eye . STORM since you be not a doctor , I guess I can tell you the truth . ( flex he hand ) I get a hunch it be not ever gonna get I off this rock . around they in the big , dim tent , orderly stir and move quietly about . here and there , man groan from within they bandage . STORM I can move it . it do not really hurt too bad . but I be not get any strength leave in it . ( after a pause ) you be look pretty bad up there . fife ( bitterly ) nothing ! nothing ! not a fuck thing . not even a fracture . STORM it 's just tough luck . I will tell you one thing , fife . whether I get ... ( raise he hand ) off the rock with it or not , I do not have to go back up there to the front with the comp'ny , and I be not go to . I be a mess sergeant I be not even suppose to be up there . I and my cook ' 1ll get the kitchen as close as we can , I will get they guy up hot meal every time I can . but fuck the volunteering shit . they get they hot meal come to they -- if they can get they . but that 's all . no more volunteer fightin’ ( more ) fife nod . 112 . I be not re@7drm cant TW hi not suppose to , and I be not gonna . fife I be the forward echelon clerk . I get to go . STORM I be sorry . they be silent for a moment . fife I be a coward . STORM ( immediately ) so be I . so be everybody who be not a fuck goddamn fool . fife some of the guy be not . witt , doll , Bell . even Charlie Dale . STORM ( without hesitation ) then they be fool . nearby a sleep man scream in he sleep , then fall silent again . fife I mean really a coward . STORM what do you think I mean ? fife with you it 's different . STORM no it be not . fife I do not want to be a coward . I never think I would be . just turn out I be ... I be hide it . STORM well , I do not want to be one either , I guess . but I am. ( flex he hand ) thank God I do not have to go back up there , that 's all . 113 . fife I do . STORM I be sorry . at least you will have a couple of day off . this shootin' 1ll be over with by then . it be clear that Storm be sorry . but he tone point out that , even while he be sorry , all that really have nothing to do with he . still , fife feel better . Storm take be a coward so much more in he stride , and it make fife feel less unmanly . fife all this man around here lookin’ at I like I be a hero . I have not even do my normal duty ... STORM I do not believe there 's many heroes . one I see be crazy . or get kill . the brave one always die . fife maybe I could come to work for you in the kitchen . I mean , since Dale will be make line sergeant you will have a vacancy , will not you ? STORM yeah , I guess . can you cook ? fife no , but I can learn . STORM if you can get the Captain to move you to the kitchen force , I will accept you . fife stein will never let I go . anyway , I could never ask he . STORM it 's the best I can do . fife yeah . I know , I know . 114 . he twist he neck from side to side and peer around the high , dim , hot -aire tent . a single orderly move down the line of wounded man , sleep now , each in a cocoon of mosquito netting . fife I do not want to let they down . they never let I down . I would feel like I be hide . he walk off . he might as well get it over with . if he wait until morning , he might find reason not to . ext . hospital tent - night at the door to the tent , a orderly rise to block fife 's path , but fife push on past he . orderly where be you go ? you do not have you discharge papers . stay there . you can not do this ! Storm , follow fife out , steal a couple of rifle anda helmet from a unattend mp jeep . ext . CUT - dawn whisper and cautionary stirring move along the line . in the inhuman , unreal unlight of false dawn , the dirty - face remnant of C - for - Charlie sift from they hole and gather stiffly into they squad and platoon . still look dapper , although he be now almost as dirty as themselves , col . tall , with he little bamboo baton in he armpit and he hand rest on he rakishly low - sling holster , stride among the man wishing they good luck . when he arrive at gaff 's group , he squat down . col . tall I be give you another chance at the bunker today , gentleman . I would have like to make a night attack , I think we could have bring it off -- but the division commander vetoed the idea . at least I make the offer . I still believe a small party have a better chance than a large one , but with you two casualty you might need another couple of volunteer . ( more ) 115 . ( turnif@lto tédttf ( cont would ) I leave you that decision . Queen come up to tall a few minute later . queen Colonel , I would like to go with ‘em . col . tall why ? queen because of what the jap do to they two guy from 2nd battalion three day ago . I be not forget it , either , and I want to get myself a few of they personally before I get knock off or shot up . I figure cap and gaff 's operation ' 1ll be my best opportunity . for a moment , tall can not help believe he be be make the victim of some kind of elaborate and tasteless hoax . 1st sgt. welsh , for one , have a mind capable of such subtle ridicule . col . tall soldier , be you serious ? there 's a war on here . I be busy . I have get a battle to fight . queen yes . I mean : yes , sir : I be serious . col . tall sergeant , I be a professional soldier . request for personal vendetta offend and bore I . if you want to go with Captain gaff , you will have to go talk to he about it and ask he . I be busy . you can tell he that I do not object to you go . now , goddamn it , go_ away ! queen yes , sir ! thank you , sir ! shortly afterwards , gaff approach he little assault party - - Bell and witt , Dale and doll . gaff sgt. Queen 's come with we . 116 . the four volunteer be treat to the awesome spectacle of Big Queen loom over they in the dawn , still clutching he shotgun and bandolier of shell which he clung to so dearly all through the terror of yesterday in he U.S. - make shell hole . dale if they do not get we some water up here soon , we be not none of we go to make it to the top of this hill . he say it loud enough to be hear by everybody in the vicinity . he roll over to face the loom shape of Hill 209 in they rear and begin to shake he fist at it . dale monkeyfucker ! dirty bastard ! Fucking pig ! you get all the fuck water in the world , and you drink ever fuck drop of it too . you be not lettin’ any of it et past you up to we , be you ! well , you better get some of it up here to you goddamn fightin’ man , or you can take you goddamn fuck battle and shove it up you ass ! his protest reverberate along the ledge , but nobody pay any attention to it . the rest of it taper away into a mutter , as col . tall now saunter over to gaff , baton in hand . col . tall John , we will be back of you . if you can break through , we will come pour after . we will charge at you whistle signal . then they be off and crawl along the ledge , which curve away out of sight around the side of the hill , gaff in the lead . bell better let I take the point , sir . gaff turn back to look at he , the ex-officer , then with a abrupt gesture of both head and hand , admit he small error and signal Bell to go on past he . 117 . ext . ledge where trough begins - day when Bell reach the point where the trough begin and Lt. Gore die , he stop and they all cluster up . gaff do not bother to give they any pep talk . gaff you all know the job we have clot to do , fellow . there 's no point in my go over it again . I be convinced the toughest part will be the open space between the end of the trough here and the shoulder of the knob . once we get past that , it will not be so bad . remember that we may run into smaller emplacement along the way . I would rather by - pass they if we can , but we may have to knock they out . okay , that 's all . when we get up to they , we ought to have some fun . he stop and smile at they , look each man in the eye in turn : a happy , adventuresome smile . there be several weak smile in reply , similar to he own if not as strong . only witt 's and Queen 's seem to be really deep . but they be all grateful to he . since yesterday , all of they have come to like he very much . he treat they like equal . they would follow he anywhere . gaff once we get through this mess and back down off the line , I promise you the biggest drunk of you life . my treat ! I will be lead from here on out . I want to pick the route myself . if anything should happen to I , sergeant Bell will be in command , so I want he last . sergeant Dale will be second in command . they both know what to do . let 's go . ext . trough to knob - day suddenly , they be out and crawl along the narrow , familiar trough . gaff in the lead , each man careful of the spot where the trough open out into the ledge and Lt. Gore get himself kill . 118 . gaff look off toward the strongpoint , but without raise he head high enough to see anything above the grass . be they wait ? be they watch ? be they look at this particularly open spot ? he can not know . with a sudden gasp , he bounce up and take off with he rifle at high port , run agonizingly slowly and pull he knee up high to clear the matte kunai grass like a football player run through stack of old tire . not a shot be fire . he dive in behind the shoulder of the knob and lie there . after wait a full minute , he motion the next man , Queen , to come on . Queen take off run in the same way , the shotgun in he hand , he helmet strap flagging . just before he reach the shoulder , a single machine gun open up , but he dive to safety . the machine gun stop . the third man , doll , fall . he be only about five yard out when several mgs OPEN up . they be watch this time . it be only twenty yard across , the open space , but it seem much longer . he be already breathe in rip gasp . then he foot catch in a hole in the mat of old grass and he be down . oh , no ! he mind scream at he in panic . not I ! not after all the rest that 's happen to I ! blindly , spitting grass seed and dust , he clamber up and stagger on . he have ten yard more to go , and he make it . but now all the mgs from the strongpoint be firing , hose down the trough itself , as well as the open space . bullet tear over the head of Dale , witt and Bell in bunch which rattle and bruise the thin bush . it be now Dale 's turn to go , and he be furious . bell hey , wait ! wait ! do not go yet ! I get a idea ! Dale give he one hate - fill contemptuous look and get to he foot . he depart without a word , chugge along solidly like a little engine . he arrive behind the shoulder and sit down , apparently totally unmove , but still bristle with anger . nothing have touch he . gaff you must be out of you mind ! maliciously , Dale settles in to see what Bell and witt will do now . heh heh . not that he want they to get hurt or anything . Bell demonstrate he idea immediately . when he and witt have crawle to the end of the trough , the mgs still firing just over they head , Bell pull the pin on a grenade and lob it at the strongpoint . but he do not throw it straight across ; 119 . he throw it into the angle form by the ledge and the trough , so that it land in front of the bunker but away toward the ledge . when the mgs all swing that way , as they do immediately , he and witt cross in safety before they can swing back . clearly , the three of they could have do it just as easily , and when he throw himself down grin in the safety behind the shoulder , Bell wink at Charlie Dale again . Dale glower back . ext . knob and saddle - day gaff say the rest of the route would be easier once they be past the open space , and he be right . the terrain mount steeply around the knob which jut out of the ridge and up here the mat of grass be not quite so thick , but now they be force to crawl . it be next to impossible to see the camouflage emplacement until they open up , and they can not take any chance . they all know from yesterday that beyond the knob be a shallow saddle between the knob and the rock wall where the ledge end , and it be along this saddle which they be to crawl to come down on the japanese from above . when they reach the beginning of the saddle , sweat and half - dead from lack of water , gaff motion they to stop . he have to swallow he dry spittle several time before he can speak . remember that the other platoon will charge at the sound of he whistle , he unhook it from he pocket . gaff I want to get as close to they as we can before we put the grenade to they . well , fellow , this be where we separate the sheep from the goat . let 's crawl . he clamp he whistle in he tooth and , cradling he rifle while hold a grenade in one hand , he commence to do so . ext . japanese strongpoint ( the attack ) - day slowly , as they crawl , the entire strongpoint become visible -- its nearer , right end only twenty - five yard away , and only a very few yard below they own height . and it be just as they can finally see it , that they be discover by the japanese . five scrawny , bedraggle japanese man pop up out of the ground hold dark round object which they lob up the hill at they . fortunately , only one of the five grenade explode . 120 . it light near Dale , who roll over twice away from it and then lie huddle as close to the ground as he can get , he face turn away . none of its fragment hit he , but it make he ear ring . gaff pull and throw ! pull and throw ! almost as one man , they six grenade arch at the strongpoint . the five japanese man who pop up out of the ground have by now pop back down into it . but , as the grenade light , two other , unlucky japanese pop up to throw . one grenade light between the foot of one of this and explode up into he , blow off one of he foot and put he down . fragment put the other one down . all of the american grenade explode . the japanese with he foot off lie still a moment , then struggle up to sit , hold another grenade as the blood pour from he severe leg . doll shoot he . he fall back drop the ignite grenade beside he . it do not go off . gaff again ! again ! again six grenade arch in the air . this time there be four japanese stand when the grenade light , one of they carry a light mg . the exploding grenade put three of they down , include the man with the nambu , and the fourth , think better of it , disappear down a hole . gaff go in ! in a moment , all of they be on they foot run . the japanese have shrewdly take advantage of the terrain to save themselves digging work . behind the hole into the emplacement themselves be a natural little low area where they can come out and sit in cover when they be not actually be shell . now in this hollow the scrawny , bedraggle japanese rise with rifle , sword and pistol from they hole to meet gaff and he crew . at least , some of they do . other stay in the hole . Three try to run . Dale shoot one and Bell shoot another . the third disappear in a grand broad jump over the edge of the rock face where it fall clear , sixty or eighty foot to the jungle treetop below . the other come on . and gaff and he troops , the Captain blow he whistle , run to meet they , in clear view of the rest of C - for - Charlie down at the ledge below . Queen kill five man almost at once . his shotgun blow the first nearly in two and tear enormous chunks out of the second and third . 121. while he struggle to unsling the rifle from he back , he be attack by a scream officer with a sword . gaff shoot the officer in the belly from the hip . Bell have kill two man and Dale two . doll , who have draw he pistol , be charge by another scream officer who shout '' banzai ! '' over and over and who run at he whirling he bright , gleam sword around he head in the air . doll shoot he through the chest so that , in a strange , laughable way , he leg keep right on run while the rest of he fall down behind they . witt peer into a cave . a bat fly out , startling he . a soldier approach with a flamethrower at the ready . witt have shot three man , one of they a huge , fat sergeant wield a black cavalry saber . take the overhead saber cut on the stock of he rifle , cut it almost to the barrel , witt butt -stroke he in the jaw . now he shoot he where he lie . suddenly there be a enormous quiet , except for the wail chatter of three japanese stand in a row who have drop they weapon . slowly , they look around at each other and discover the miraculous fact that none of they be kill , or even seriously damage . gaff have a knot on he jaw from fire without check he stock . Bell 's helmet have be shot from he head . numbly , they stare at each other . Queen now advance , snarling , on the three stand japanese . take two by they scrawny neck , he shake they back and forth , gaggling helplessly until they helmet fall off . then , grin savagely , he begin beat they head together . queen Fucking murderer ! Fucking yellow jap bastard . killing helpless prisoner ! Fucking murderer . the other stand breathe hard and watch . when he drop they , they fall unconscious , blood run from they nose . queen that x11 teach they to kill prisoner . he turn to the third , who simply look at he uncomprehendingly . but gaff jump in between they . gaff we need he . Queen walk away without a word . it be then they hear the first shout from the other side , and remember they be not the only live . 122 . go to the grassy bank , they see the same field they themselves try to cross last evening . come across it at a run , the rest of C - for - Charlie be charge uphill toward the strongpoint , accord to Colonel tall 's plan , come straight at they , yell . whatever they reason , they be little late . the fight be already over . or so everyone think . waving and cheer ironically and hoot derision at the heroes , they pretend rescuer , gaff 's man be interrupt by the sound of a machine gun . directly below they , in one of the aperture , a single mg open up and begin to FIRE at 2nd platoon . as gaff 's man watch incredulously , two man go down . Dale , who be stand nearest to the door of the embrasure which be firing , leap over with a shocked look on he face and throw a grenade down the hole . the grenade immediately come fly right back out . everyone hit the dirt . fortunately , the grenade have be throw too hard and it explode just as it fall over the lip of the rock face . the mg below continue to FIRE . witt ( to Dale ) look out , you jerk ! scramble to he foot , witt pull the pin on a grenade and , hold it with the lever depressed , grab he rifle and run over to the hole . lean around the right side of it hold he rifle like a pistol in he leave hand with the stock press against he leg , he begin to FIRE the semiautomatic garand into the hole . there be a yell from below . still firing , witt pop the grenade down the hole and duck back . he continue to FIRE to confuse the occupant . then the grenade blow up with a roar , cut off both the scrabble of yell and the mg , which have never stop fire . immediately , other of the little force , without any necessity of order from gaff , begin bombing out the other four hole use witt 's technique : one man firing while another toss the grenade . they bomb they all , whether there be anybody in they or not . there be a joyous feel in the safety of kill . slap each other on the back and grin at each other murderously , they call to the C - for- Charlie man below to come on . Colonel tall appear at the top of the embankment , follow by Captain stein . two of the platoon continue push uphill to protect the new position . tall shake gaff 's hand . col . tall look at they move ! we owe it all to you , John . when they see you make that attack of yours , and win ! ( more ) 123 . it be lik€Olou taldutcametic¢ ) heart back into they . the japanese , two dozen of they , lie scattered around in various position and posture . some be still in the process of die , and a few , though badly hurt , look as if they might live . doll it be Big un and he shotgun . he set ‘em back on they heel . Queen prowl back and forth and around the single remain prisoner , like a loose wolf try to get at a cage victim he appear to be wait hopefully for the japanese to make any move for which he can legitimately kill he . the prisoner himself look as though he would not be capable of escape anywhere , even if there be no one around to watch he . filthy and emaciate , he have a bad case of dysentery and be continually indicate to he guard , through a system of sign and pantomime , that he have to relieve himself . he have already mess he pants a couple of time apparently , and all in all , he be a pretty sorry spectacle . col . tall what happen here ? tall have turn away in disgust from the live prisoner to look at the two whose head Queen knock together . they lie side by side , unconscious . except for the blood run from they nose , they show no sign of injury or wound . gaff merely raise he eyebrow , as though he do not know either . but tall can read well enough what have happen , even if he cannot understand the method . they should have be bayonete , or shot . he do not like this sort of thing , but one have to make allowance for man in the heat of combat . col . tall some sort of explosive concussion ? no fragment wound . ( gaff do not answer ) well , a dead brown brother be one brown brother less , be not it ? take good care of the other , man ! G - 2 will want they . there should be someone around before long . thorne aye , aye , sir , yeah . we will take care of he . 124 . one of the prisoner guard reach out with he rifle muzzle and poke he , tipping he over backward into he own mess . the man around all laugh , and the prisoner scramble to he foot . he appear to expect this kind of treatment and look as if he be only put in time , wait for they to shoot he . stein say there ! col . tall do not do that , soldier ! thorne okay , sir , if you say so , sir . but he would of kill I in a minute if he would have the chance . col . tall I think we have waste about enough time here . gaff Sir ? Sir , I have get a few recommendation for decoration I would like to turn in to you . col . tall yes , yes , of course . we will get everything for all of they that we can . but later . in the meantime , I want you to know I be personally recommend you for something , John . perhaps -- the Big one . gaff well , thank you , sir . but I do not feel I really deserve that col . tall oh yes you do . get it for you will be another problem . but it would be a big thing for the battalion , and for the regiment too , if you do get it . we better get move out or here . we need to extend we line to hook up with the other company and push on toward the top . would you like to take command of Baker company , on the leave ? 125 . gaff steal a glance at stein , then nod uneasily . he will not be a party to a snub . gaff Sir , I do not like to be a wet blanket or anything like that , but what about water ? if we do not -- col . tall do not worry about water ! John , I do not want anything to break up this attack of ours , now that we have get the momentum . as for water I have already take care of that . we will have some water by -- ina couple of hour . I have arrange for that . we can not stop now to wait for it . gaff no , sir . col . tall if some of the man pass out they will just have to pass out . ( as gaff nod ) if any of they ask you about water tell they what I say . do not bring it up yourself . do not mention it unless they ask you . gaff no , sir . but they could die from it , you know . heat prostration . col . tall they could die from enemy fire , too . they be all tough boy . okay ? he turn away to wave he baton at some of the man who be still stare curiously at the various dead japanese . col . tall you will see plenty more of that . come on , let 's get crack . be we go up this hill or be not we ! on a sudden impulse , tall return to gaff and , take he arm , lead he gently away from the other . col . tall John , I be convinced the japanese position can be break now . ( more ) 126 . all we hav€ oto daqlil ( ¢@eb ' gbing and we will have this hill by sundown . you see the new spirit in this man ! I want to take advantage of it before something happen to sap they strength . ( avoid gaff 's eye ) to have this battalion relieved in defeat , even to have it reinforce by troops from the reserve regiment if we stall before reach the top , be -- more than I can stand . someday you will know what I mean , John . he 's study , and work , and slave , and eat untold bucket of shit , to have this opportunity . he do not intend to lose it now . he leave gaff and , without look back at he , call out suddenly to the assemble man . col . tall I want three runner ! okay . you three . go back to the rear , as far as you have to go , to find water and bring it back with you . take whatever you find , at gunpoint if necessary . do not even report to the regimental commander . get back here as fast as you can with it . if they stop you , tell they the strongpoint be take , we be move uphill . if anyone try to take any water from you , you be to fight for it , with you firearm . ( to stein ) you take the center , Captain . gaff and I will bring the other company up , on the leave and right . wait a hour for we to get they in place . then attack ! we will throw everything we have get at they . once the company be link up we will move uphill together ina line . nothing 's stop we . we be go all the way . High ground by nightfall ! he raise he arm in the air , and a cheer go up from the group of man around he . Lt. Band look at he with awe . col . tall ( to Band , privately ) Lieutenant , last night they cut we phone line back to the rear . ( more ) 127 . do not be it qdny tabt ( cat répair they . we attack in one hour ! it be now twelve thirty - eight on my mark ... Mark ! while tall and gaff go off , stein take Lt. Band aside . stein George , I can not look after everything . I be put you in charge of becker 's platoon , and weapon . it will be like a independent command . lt . band let we lead it off , sir . stein ( after eyeing he warily ) all right . Band smile he eager smile . a independent command ! meanwhile , a group of man from C - for - Charlie have gather around the japanese prisoner , fascinate by the first sight of they enemy , live and breathe , though strangely so unformidable . eight more nave be round up and ace under guard with the one Queen spare . they be be interrogate by a timid young officer from G - 2 and a nisei interpreter . the prisoner be a sorry , sick -look lot . feeble , stumbling , they shamble along appear to be totally benumb by they experience and look as though they would not have the energy or the will to escape , even if they be guard by just one GI . all of they be suffer from dysentery , jaundice and malaria . two of they ( just why , no one seem to know ) be stark bare - ass naked . they look like some lower grade of animal , with they rib and shoulder bone show starkly through they yellow skin . nisei interpreter they say they have all be live off lizard and the bark off of tree for the past couple of week . doll ask ‘em if they be scared . doll give one of they a cigarette as the nisei translate the question . the japanese man look embarrassed but grateful . 128 . nisei interpreter he say they be too sick to feel much of anything . they be sorry to see they captain die . thorne hey , jap . come on , jap ! tell the truth ! ai not you glad you do not have to fight no more now ? hunh ? ai not you ? the japanese man he address , who obviously do not understand a word , bob and bow and nod he head smile numbly . thorne see there ! I tell you ! they do not want to fight no more than we do ! what 's all this Emperor shit ! till just you do not give he you load rifle , and then see how much he want to fight . g-2 officer we need to get this prisoner back to regiment as soon as possible . I need a detail . they ignore he . one of the prisoner , a sergeant who decline a cigarette when one be offer he , speak quietly to the nisei . thorne what would he say ? nisei interpreter nothing . thorne what do you mean ? I see he talk to you . nisei interpreter he say that if he act that way in front of he lieutenant , the officer would pull he gun out and shoot he . ( as thorne smile lamely ) he keep ask I , how can I do this ? 129 . ext . hillside - day the prisoner be be lead away by they guard , among they thorne , coomb , carni and kirk . whoop and holler , they descend the steep hillside in a sort of nonsensical hysteria of cruel fun , slip and slide , boot the prisoner and laugh whenever they fall . when one of the charge fall so ill that he can hardly move , however , they stop , to discuss the situation . thorne I say shoot the fucker . coomb you know the Colonel order we to get they all back alive . thorne so we will say he try to escape . coomb him ? look at he . thorne so who will see he ? kirk I be with thorne . remember what they do to we guy on the Bataan death March . coomb Shorty give we personal order . you know damn well he 's gonna check up if one turn up missin’ . what if he have Intelligence ask this other guy what happen to they buddy ? I do not want to get in trouble , that 's all . the japanese sense he have a champion in coomb and bow gratefully . thorne well , it 's either that or carry he . I be not about to carry no fuckin 's jap all the way back to regiment . be you ? anyway , I outrank you . I be a corporal . I say kill he . look at he . be doin’ the poor fuck a favor . 130 . kirk 2nd battalion find where they would be eatin’ one of they own man . strung he up from a branch like a deer . take strip off he back , two inch wide . they eat people . carni step forward and put in for the first time . he have be think it over , the pro and con . carni coomb be right . Shorty 's sure to check up if one be missin’ . if we shoot he or lose he , he 'il be on we ass like a bullwhip . might even court-martial we . thorne stare at the japanese man , then shrug and grin ruefully . thorne okay , I guess you be right . it look like we carry he . all right then ! come on ! I will take a leg ! who want the rest of he ! ext . cp - day fife and Storm have return to the company . they be treat as object of extreme curiosity , even in the midst of the battle . Men who have come back from the go ! question fly in from all side . everyone in the company who have not be hurt beyond the normal minor bruise and cut carry the guilt of a well man who , through no fault of he own , have not suffer . STORM they do not do a fuck thing . do not even put a bandage on the fuck thing ! they doctor be tough . they be not lettin’ anybody get out of anything if they can possibly help it . the shit 's hit the fan , boy . govmint do not have to lock you up behind bar . fife report to the cp to discover that he be out of a job . corporal weld man the sound - power phone , though of course it be not work . weld be now welsh 's forward echelon clerk . fife what be you do with my phone ? 131 . weld hello there , fife ! weld look at he with a cold - eye , insolent smile . it be strange what a little authority and a coup le of stripe can do for a man . weld be a big , unfriendly - look soldier ; fife have always be a little afraid of he . he be obviously not about to turn loose of he newly acquire status if he can help it . welsh what do you want , kid ? fife I come back from the aid station . I be suppose to report in . his anger can not even begin to overcome in he he sense of lostness , war terror and terrible aloneness . welsh okay . so you have report . fife what 's weld do with my telephone ? welsh corporal weld be my forward echelon clerk . they other two punk asshole there be he assistant runner . here , fuckface ! ( hold a paper out to weld ) take this over to culp in weapon . weld right , sarge ! he take the paper and turn around , throw out he chest weld train ! here ! welsh i_said take it ! weld right , sarge ! he leave . welsh turn to fife with he crazy , sly -ey grin . 132 . fife you know I might be come back . you know I be -- welsh knew you be comin ' back ! how the hell would I know you be comin ' back ? I think you be walkin ' off lookin ' for a bush to die in . I get a company to run here . you think it can wait for you ? if you would have any fuck gut or brain you would of get yourself evacuate off this rock , with a wound like you have . fife you can not do this to I , welsh ! by God , you can not ! you can not take and -- welsh I can not , can not I ! look around you ! it 's do ! it be do last night while you be at the aid station . you can not blame I if you do not have gut or brain enough to -- fife goddamn you , I notice you do not make anybody mess sergeant in stormy 's place ! welsh ( grin insolently ) Storm ask I to wait -- he think he might be comin’ back . why do it make he heart sink to find he be no longer welsh 's clerk ? why do not he rejoice ? fife goddamn you , welsh ! goddamn you , you son of a bitch ! welsh I be get tired of teach you punk asshole kid that you don t mean a goddamn thing to the world . not to the country , not to the war , to nobody . this Army 's go to spend you like dollar bill . ( more ) 133 . you can al welsh ( conta\d by day , one by one -- and it win t mean a goddamn fuck thing to anybody as long as there 's replacement . who the fuck do you think you be ? you think you mean anything to this comp 'ny ? welsh could not have choose a more wound thing to say . he know it and fall silent for a moment , as though ashamed . welsh you punk be all learn now -- and oh do it hurt ! this war 's only start . behind this comp'ny there 's ten other like it , stretch clear back to Washington , all of they dedicated to get you up here full equip to get you ass low off . you be just part of a machine . you be a cog . you can not doa fuck thing about it . this be not no war , this be a regulate business venture . ( after a pause ) you do not know no more about it than a pig know about Sunday . since yesterday welsh have the same draw , haunt face and wrinkle , too - bright eye they all wear , but unlike they , he feel triumphant -- triumphant because everything have turn out exactly as he anticipate , thus leave he with no real shock or trauma , rather with he iron contempt intact . fife you do not believe in nothing , do you , welsh ? welsh property ! I be the only sane man in the fuck outfit . fife you bastard ! fortunately , Lt. Band appear at just this moment . welsh leap up to shout " attention ! " while he , weld and fife all snap to . lt . band you do not have to call attention every time I show up , sergeant . I have tell you that . ( more ) 134 . certainly hot band eechte 'la ) well ! hello there , fife ! so you make it back . we be glad to have you back with the old outfit . have you see my helmet ? Band take off he helmet and show fife where a japanese bullet have pass through the shell . fife listen to he in silence . fife well now , that 's remarkable , sir ! I wish I could have see my helmet . I never see it . fife 's voice shake with fury , and welsh grin to himself . everybody in the company have already hear about Band 's helmet . lt . band it 's too bad you could not have keep it for a souvenir . well then ! corporal fife ! I guess we better decide what to do about you , then , fife . hunh ? since weld here be now corporal and clerk , we can not very well demote he back to private . neither can we have two clerk . and since weld be older than fife besides be considerably less well - train I do not see how we can send he off to take second command of a rifle squad . all fife 's anger run out of he like water as he realize the tack Band be take , and he decide , too late , that he could have be much nicer about Band 's helmet . terror balloon in he as he remember that hellish expose slope down there . lt . band soo -- how would you like to become second in command of a top-rate rifle squad , fife ? sergeant Jenks 's squad of the 3rd platoon have no corporal . you will see plenty of action ! I guarantee it ! welsh Sir , sergeant dranno back at rear echelon have be devill I to give he someone to help he . he 's have a lot of work over casualty since this action . ( more ) 135 . and he 's giliSH{aanta ' dpt more . fife here have more clerical knowledge than anybody in the company except for dranno . lt . band all right ! now you have a choice , fife ! which do you prefer ? fife I will work for dranno . lt . band all right ! when do you want he to leave , sergeant ? welsh today . lt . band there you be , corporal ! okay . you can go . new angle fife walk off nodd , but once he be alone , the rebellion come . all of he fury return , he fury at welsh , he fury at Band , he fury at the world . fuck they . fuck they all . voice move out in ten minute ! check you ammo ! fix bayonet ! he know what he feel be unrealistic ; he know he will regret it immediately ; he be sure he be signing he own death warrant ; but in spite of the fear and terror which fill he in equal part with fury and sorrow , he will not go back there to work for dranno . he find Band still with the first sergeant . fife Lt. Band , sir , I change my mind . I would like to stay . I would like to go with the rifle squad . welsh 's face turn so red it appear he whole head will burst , but he say not a word in front of Band . the Lieutenant give fife a curiously sharp look which make fife wonder if he have not be actually and actively seduce . but it be too late now . lt . band okay . report to Jenks 's squad . 136 . as fife anticipate , no sooner do he leave than he immediately regret what he have do . the only real pleasure be the look on welsh 's face . ext . cp area - day ten minute ago becker 's man be laugh and proud . now , suddenly , they be quiet , they eye starry with fear . becker come to Lt. Band with a deeply frown face . becker Lieutenant , I be wonder if you could not put my platoon in company reserve . my boy have have it tougher than any of the other platoon . they have have more casualty , and be more under-strength . they deserve a break . ( after a pause ) it be not fair to put my boy out there all the time . Band might have accede to the request if becker have not speak . now he jerk he head up to stare at he . lt . band Fair ? what 's not fair ? what 's fair get to do with it ? no , I be afraid I will have to deny you request sergeant . you platoon be the best we have get . they have get more experience , they be tougher , they belong out in front . becker be that a order then , sir ? lt . band I be afraid it be , sergeant becker in other word , the more of we get kill gettin’ experience , the more of we get to get kill usin’ it . lt . band as I say , fair have nothing to do with it . unfortunately . in a war everything useful have to be use . here it 's I who decide what be most useful where . any other question , sergeant becker ? 137 . becker no , sir . lt . band then that 's all . becker aye , aye , sir ! becker scuttle away in a blind rage . poor man , Band think , believe he have handle it pretty well . lt . band sergeant ! becker swing around . he be only fifteen foot away . nobody else be close enough to overhear what Band now say . lt . band I want to tell you something , sergeant . do you know why we platoon 's go up first ? do you know why they be move out first today in this attack ? because I volunteer we for it . becker you what ! becker crouch almost as if to charge he . Band raise he eyebrow . becker be too old a hand not to know what this mean . becker Sir ! lt . band that 's right . and do you know why I do ? it be because I feel , with we superior combat experience , we would be more useful . to regiment to the division , to everybody . becker be that all , sir ? lt . band that 's all , sergeant . 138 . ext . water hole - day 2nd platoon have discover a little water hole . the man lie around it on they belly drink the muddy water up greedily , until doll wade out into the middle of the hole and pull a dead japanese soldier up from the bottom by the scruff of he neck . all of they recoil in disgust , all except Dale . dale everybody 's get to drink a little enemy blood . some time or other becker let 's go . Bell 's squad up on the right ! Dale 's squad up on the leave ! make a line , make a line ! lock and load ! ext . flanks ( burnt slope ) of hill 210 - day Jenks 's squad will lead it off . mazzi kiss a mortar round and drop it down the tube , as they begin to lay down FIRE on the slope above they . fife sit watch a pair of blue butterfly bounce above the grass top . as he get himself ready , he can hardly believe what be happen to he . it take every ounce of courage he have not to turn and run . as they start to crawl away , he tooth be chatter and he be shaking like a leaf from head to toe . jenk come on , damn it ! get movin 's ! fife 's heart beat wildly as music come in through the japanese drum . he realize this be he moment of truth , he moment to become a soldier , a man . how precious this despise world seem to he , now that he stand on the verge of leave it forever ! thorne 's cry and moan when he go 's down nearby unnerve he further . why can not he keep he mouth shut ? fife do . gradually , a new courage swell inside he , a joy . he try to do better , help Jenks keep the squad together pretend he be not unnerve , that he be not think of all the unreckonable way to get kill . fear drop away from he like a shroud , and miraculously he be free . the speed and power with which C - for - Charlie move up Hill 210 be more than even tall hope for . within fifteen minute they have hook up with the other company and the whole line be bowl along uphill . 139 . the japanese they flush from they hole and various emplacement , which literally honeycomb the ridge , be almost without exception the same starve - look , sick , emaciate type they find at the strongpoint , only now most be burn or blacken by the fire that have spread across the slope . ext . flanks of hill 210 - day a young soldier turn to witt . young soldier I never be shot at before . be this what it sound like ? witt this be what it sound like . we be bein 's shot at . witt see the Colonel far below . until today , he have never really much like tall , find he a cold fish - eye of a intellectual textbook soldier . but today he love they all , passionately , with a almost sexual ecstasy of comradeship . even bugger stein and welsh come under the magnanimous aura of he warm affection today . the idea of service to humanity , of comradeship , of the solidarity of man , be slowly perish from the world , but in witt it still run strong . watch the first wave move up the hill , he feel the mysterious quality of deep , manly friendship which can exist between man who share the pain and death , the fear and sadness of combat -- the happiness , too . for there be happiness . happiness in do you best , happiness in fight by the side of you friend , happiness in feel the high in yourself may be draw forth at last . witt mutter under he breath . if tall have let bugger proceed with he outflank move , they might have save themselves a lot of good man . he turn to Bell . witt I could have keep tella from get kill . catch , Gordon . I be not able to help a one of they ! I can not be everywhere at once ! voice what 's hold you up ? keep move ! what 's hold you up ? a wander squad of japanese counterattacks the weapon platoon as they be come up behind , catch they completely off guard . there be not suppose to be any japanese around here . finally , they be compel to run . 140 . buttplate in one hand and carbine in the other , frankie mazzi swing around backward to crash through the face - whipping screen of leave . once through , he swing to turn face front again , and suddenly feel himself spear , catch , and then hold . he know what it be , but he can not think clearly enough to do anything about it . some thing have grab hold of he ammo belt near he right hip bone . unable to believe it , plunging and cursing and listen to rifle bullet snickerwhack through the brush around he , he remain tethere , still hold buttplate in one hand and carbine in the other . and he know he will still be here when they come for he , shoot he , cook he , and eat he . when two man from the mortar section push past he run hurriedly and obliviously , he begin to call in a feeble , moronic , plaintive voice the same word over and over . mazzi help ! help ! help ! to he eternal shame , it be till who come back for he . eye glaring wildly also , run hurriedly in a crouch , he come up , survey the scene , and frees he . mazzi have be push and plunging forward all the time . till merely shove he backward two foot and the snag come free . then make a lip-lift mock of a grin , he spit brown from the quid in he jaw , and run on . when they come out into the bright , eye-beating light of safety behind they own still - advance line , they see the other member of the squad already set up , resetting the bubble level . mazzi just do not think it make I like you any better . till done thank ut make I lack yew any butter . mazzi stare at he with hatred , certain he will tell . meanwhile , stein watch he man work they way around a mg emplacement . witt we take out that emplacement , sir . we can go ahead . witt could throw he arm around he commander in a ecstasy of loving comradeship . except that it might get take the wrong way . 141 . stein good job , witt . why do not you stay here and have yourself a rest ? witt I ruther be with the comp’ny , sir . I mean , you know , with the platoon . I always feel like maybe I could help somebody , you know ? maybe save somebody . it be the first time he have ever tell anyone he secret . stein stare at he quizzically , and witt curse himself . he learn long ago in he life never to tell anybody anything about what he really feel -- what make he do it now ? stein okay . report to becker . tell he I just appoint you act sergeant . witt but I be not even in the comp’ny , sir , officially . stein we will worry about all that later . witt aye , sir . stein look like we be in luck today , witt . witt look at he a moment , then nod and crawl away . now , before stein can give the order , the platoon move out on they own . stein run forward among they . stein go on ! go on ! do not stop now ! he hear he own voice bellow and he know nobody can hear he , but he cannot stop it , and he cannot stop wave he arm . the man charge up until the crest of the hill come into view . stein hot damn ! hot damn ! come on ! come on ! we get to get up there . he start off through the grass run . everything everywhere seem to be ungovernable chaos with the firing , the shout . 142 . stein keep you distance ! twenty yard ! form a line ! Jenks 's squad be on they foot before the grenade shower have even exploded . they run uphill , holler and yell . fife scamper along with they , panting and sweat . nothing touch he . on he right , the usually imperturbable Jenks let out a long , shrill , screeching , quavering rebel yell . Three man go down holler in the rush . nothing touch fife . then , suddenly , they be in ! over the crest and in ! -- the other two squad right behind they , run hard but cautiously between long , lovely line of tree , leaping emplacement like the one they once look at with awe and wonder , gasp and weep and , once in a while , die . they be in ! ext . japanese bivouac area - day fife have no trouble shoot . when he first see the scrawny , tatter , scarecrow yellow man firing they rifle and mgs intently , he can hardly believe it and feel astonished . when he see one japanese in a hole whirl with a grenade in he hand and stare at he wide - eye , he shoot he through the hest and watch he fall . then he look around for more target and see a japanese run , try to make the jungle . head down , arm pump , he run in total despair , like a man on a too-swift treadmill which be carry he backward . fife lead he just a hair and shoot he through t t a ° he leave side just below the armpit , shouting with elation as he man tumble with a yell just foot away from the jungle no safety . hen stein reach the crest of the hill , he behold a scene hich will remain with he the rest of he life . his loodthirsty platoon have burst into what be clearly a apanese bivouac area . the tall jungle tree have climb up ut of the gulch and establish themselves here on this rest . the japanese have clear out all the undergrowth so hat what be take place here now be take place as though n some park . the only thing that be not like a park be the lue mud which be everywhere the ground . in this natural etting , stein 's platoon be shoot and kill japanese n what appear to be carload lot . bhnahhooudees there be no tent visible , but there be surface shelter of branch and stick which the japanese have make themselves , and there be underground dugout . the first be be shot to piece or knock apart with rifle butt . the underground shelter be be bombed out with grenade . 143. stein see at a glance there wii1 be no way of get this man organize for quite some time . a crazy sort of blood lust , like some sort of declare school holiday from all moral ethic , have descend on they . they can kill with impunity and they be do it . several japanese plead for they life . one sit meditate as though prepare himself for death . Queen run laugh and bellow on , arrive back in time to shoot a japanese officer who , rise from a hole and whirling he sword on high , run at they scream to die for he Emperor . Queen tear the scabbard away from he , jam the sword in it , stick it all in he belt and rush on . voice Queen 's back ! romp and stomp ! queen show I they jap ! fife scamper along shoot every japanese he can see , fill with both terror and elation . then Jenks go down with a loud squawk and a rifle bullet through the shoulder . jenk you take the squad . now fife have the squad to himself , and the responsibility , and find he love it , and all of they . a new confidence have surge up in he , a manliness ; a wild , reckless joy . the whole area be honeycombed with rifle pit and mg emplacement , and it be obviously the japanese commander 's intention to sell it very dearly . but now , have hear such great enemy fire on they flank and even in they rear , the japanese begin to come up out of they hole and surrender , sick , haggard , beat - look man , obviously terrify at the treatment they expect to receive at the hand of they enemy . that who make the mistake of come up with they weapon in they hand be take care of immediately . the other , who come out empty -hande and hand up , be sock , punch , beat , prodd and hammer with rifle butt , but rarely -- only in a few instance -- be they actually kill . but nobody like they very well , and that who refuse to do as they be tell be shot out of hand by tense - face , nerve-racked man who want no fuck nonsense . one by one , the mgs be silence . some of the riflemen elect to shoot it out and die in they pit . other leap up and run for the jungle lead to they own rear , if such a term as " rear " apply in this crazy campaign . few reach it . the whole thing go quickly . 144 , when they arrive at the center of the bivouac , they find the majority of the japanese killing themselves with grenade , gun or knife , which be just as well because that who do not surrender immediately be shot or bayonete . stein look around to see the other company pour in from the leave and right flank . the main fight be over . c- for- Charlie have borne the brunt of it and gain the victory . a few of the man sit down and weep . col . tall well , stein , we do it , son ! we do it ! Colonel tall stride up to stein and shake he hand . there be further handshake with the sergeant . stein Excuse I , sir . what about the water ? have you -- col . tall I be sorry about that , stein ! now what do you think be the chance of a counterattack ? I still hear gunfire over on the leave . the mope up prove to be a pretty big operation . there be still many unreduce emplacement scattered across the bivouac and the hillside beyond it . many of the japanese prefer to die rather than be capture . some be too sick even to surrender , and simply sit by they gun firing they until they be kill . that who have surrender be overcome with a deep shame and sorrow . end on : rice cooking or some domestic scene , perhaps on a wind chime or a figure of the buddha sit in obscurity beneath a stand of cocoa tree . ext . japanese bivouac area - day Charlie Dale come to witt with a bone to pick . witt be sit on a rock , stare emptily down the hill , sorrowful , exhaust and terribly dry . the stocky Dale , with he perpetually hunch shoulder and powerful long arm , march up and stand himself directly in front of witt to have he say . the shoot be still go on . dale I get somethin' I want to tell you witt . witt ( absentmindedly ) yeah ? what 's that ? 145 . dale you should not ought to talk to I like you do . I do not want you to do it anymore . that 's a order . witt what ? when ? dale back there at the strongpoint this morning . you remember , witt . witt what do ' I say ? dale you call I a jerk when I toss that grenade down that one hole and that jap toss it back out . that 's no way to talk to I . I be a noncom now -- it be not dignify . in any case , I be orderin ' you not to do it no more . witt look as if he have be stung by a bee . witt arngh , come off it , Charlie . I know you when you be a lousy second cook . a not very good one at that . I be not takin any order from you . you can shove they act stripe up you ass . dale you call I a jerk ! witt well , you be a jerk ! a jerk ! a jerk ! what 's more , you be stupid ! you should of know better than to anyway , I be a act sergeant too myself ! stein make I one a hour ago ! now , peel off ! dale I be not a jerk . and you be not no act sergeant when you do it . anyway , I be make before you so I still outrank you . and I be not scared of you ... besides , it do not look good in front of the man witt . 146 . his voice soften as he think of the new thing . he say it as if they be two major belly up to the officer Club bar . witt Men , my ass ! Dale , I never hit nobody without I warn they first . that 's my policy . well , I be warning you . get away from I , stay away . if you ever say another word to I , I will whip you ass . dale I think I can whip you . witt then have a go ! have a go ! dale there 's too much work to do around here right now . the mop up 's just start . I do not want to miss that . witt anything you want ! knive bayonet , fist , rifle butt shoot ! dale fist will do . I do not want to kill you -- witt you could not ! dale I know you be a boxer -- all that shit . I can still whip you . witt yeah ? witt advance on he , raise he rifle butt as if to stroke he in the side of the head with it , but Dale back off . he raise he own rifle , which be bayonete , into fight position . dale maybe I could not whip you . but you will know you be in a fight . 147 . witt come on ! come on ! talk ! talk ! talk ! dale there 's too much serious work to do right now . I will try you later , buddy . witt any time ! Dale turn and walk away . witt sit down , tremble with a cold rage . whip he ! there be not a man he size in the regiment who could whip he . and he doubt there be anybody in the regiment who could whip he at bayonet fight . as for shoot , he have be high gun in every regiment he 's serve with for the past six year . do not look good in front of the man . shit ! meanwhile , Dale go to work over the japanese with a steal pair of pier , wrenching the gold tooth out of they mouth . his sharp , red eye dart leave and right . ext . japanese bivouac area - day they be carry thorne away on a stretcher . thorne I will be back ! it will take more 'o a flesh wound to keep I from come back to c- for -charlie . I do not care where they send I ! I will be back if I have to stow away ona replacement boat ! all the guy be shaking hand with the other guy from the other company , grin at each other out of guy b from face . many be curious about the japanese . carni , look through a billfold , display a picture of a dead soldier 's girlfriend . carni maybe he sister . mazzi and till glance at each other . mazzi wonder if till have tell anyone what happen down the hill . it infuriate he that he cannot enjoy the victory as wholeheartedly as the other . fife do not take part in the poke and look and souvenir hunt because the corpse make he feel queasy and vaguely guilty . 148 . he watch only for a moment , then he have to turn away . what be wrong with he ? if the rest of the guy can be this tough why can not he ? the scavenger move quickly . nearby one slip a watch off a dead japanese lieutenant . but really everyone be too tired , too beat and thirsty and exhaust , to care about the loot . later , of course , they will all regret it . doll come up to fife with a big smile . doll the Colonel want to know who it be up there at the front of the charge , with Jenks 's squad . the Captain say it be you . Colonel say , that man be a fire -eater , the jap better watch out . he want to know you name and if you be a sergeant . Bell turn and look at fife . someone else smile , cause fife to blush . at last he feel they equal , a good man capable of truth and sacrifice . fife watch the cloud move serenely across the wide tropical sky . his triumph have make all thing beautiful to he again . ext . japanese bivouac area - day the blow fall late that afternoon . c-for - Charlie have clean out the bivouac area and capture a number of heavy mortar as well as two 70 mm field gun and be place along the crest they have capture . the fierce heat be begine to abate and the first sign of evening appear , when Colonel tall call stein off to himself . col . tall stein , I be relieving you of you command . his young - old anglo - saxon face be set in stern line . stein can feel he heart suddenly beat in he ear , but he do not say anything . he cannot honestly say he have not anticipate it . col . tall Lt. Band will take over for you . I have already tell he . so you will not have to . stein ( after a silence ) yes , sir . 149 . col . tall it 's a hard thing to do , anda difficult decision to make . I just do not think you will ever make a good combat officer . I have think it over carefully . stein because of what happen yesterday morning ? col . tall in part , in part . but it 's really something else . I do not think you be tough enough . I think you be too soft . too softheart . not tough - fiber enough . you let you emotion govern you too much . I think you emotion control you . as I say , I have think it over carefully . in a war people , have to get kill . there dust be not anyway around it , stein . a good officer have to accept it , and then calculate the loss in life against the potential gain . I do not think you can do that . stein I do not like to see my man get kill . col . tall no good officer do . but he have to be able to face it . sometimes he have to be able to order it . in any case , it 's my decision to make and I have already make it . stein in a way , it 's a compliment then be not it , Colonel ? col . tall there 's no point in make a scandal . I do not want it in the record of the battalion while I command it , and there 's no point in you have it put down against you on you record . this have nothing to do with cowardice or inefficiency . ( more ) 150 . I be go € ollet aldi eqyptle for reassignment to the judge advocate General 's Corps in Washington for reason of ill health . you be a lawyer . you have malaria yet ? stein no , sir . col . tall do not matter , really . I can fix that . anyway , you probably will have it . also I be recommend you for the Silver Star . I will recommend it in such a way that it will definitely not be refuse . stein feel a instinctive , angry desire to protest the medal , and half - raise he hand . but then he let it drop . col . tall you might as well have the purple heart , too . stein why ? col . tall for one thing , I notice a pretty deep scratch on you leave cheek from hit that rock back there yesterday . if that 's not enough , I also note a couple of blood streak from scratch on you hand underneath all that mud . he stare at stein expressionless . stein suddenly want to weep . stein aye , aye , sir . col . tall I think it 's best if you go back right away , with the next batch of wounded and prisoner . it 's no good for you to keep hang around . the quieter we keep this , the better it will be for all . stein aye , sir . he salute and turn away . 151 . a group of stretcher - bearer be descend down to where the jeep be finally make they way up the forward slope of Hill 210 , and stein join they , help with the stretcher . no one in c-for - Charlie have see he leave . but the word get around quickly . in spite of tall 's wish to keep it quiet , all of C - for - Charlie -- and , for that matter the entire battalion -- know within fifteen minute that stein have be relieved . many of the man and noncom be very angry . doll we get to make a protest . becker who to ? the Colonel ? he will throw we in the can for even think such a thing . in the end it all taper away to nothing but bitter mumble but if the other be willing to assuage they conscience this way , witt do not feel he can let it go at that . witt what 's the matter with you ? this battalion be go to hell ona sled . Band ! for comp ’ny commander ? I believe I know how to rekinize a comp ’ny commander . he be not one . neither be stein . he just become one in the past two day , and look what 's happen . they be kick he out ! well , I do not wanta be in this battalion no more . not without the cap 'o . not as long as Shorty tall 's in command ! witt pace off in a mood of supreme , disgust fury . a cold , implacable kentuckyness have come over he . this business with the Captain have put a cap on thing . ext . company cp - day pull he sharp chin down into he thin neck and set he narrow shoulder stolidly , he report himself to the new company commander at the cp shortly before dusk . train what be you do here , witt ? witt mind my binness . 152 . that goddamn welsh be there , of course . Band be sit six foot away from he , eat the last of a can of c-ration . witt ( to welsh ) private witt request permission to speak to the comp ’ny commander . witt do not let he eye waver from the sergeant . welsh stare at he grimly . then he turn he head . welsh Sir , private witt request permission to speak to the company commander . lt . band okay . sit down , witt , sit down . make yourself com-fort-able . but you be not " private " any more you be '' acting sergeant '' witt . I hear Captain stein make you one this morning . you see my helmet witt ? witt no , sir . Band bend and pick up the helmet . he stick he finger through the hole and waggle it at witt . lt . band that 's something , be not it , hunh ? shot it right off my head . witt yes , sir . lt . band I never know this thing ever really protect anybody . I be go to keep this , the shell anyway -- take it home with I . but sit down witt , sit down . witt I prefer to stand , sir . lt . band ( he eager smile vanish ) oh ? all right , witt . what be it you want , witt ? 153 . witt Sir , I want to tell the comp'ny Commander that I be return to my old outfit , cannon comp'ny . the reason I want to tell the comp'ny Commander be so that if the comp'ny Commander notice I be not around , he would know why . lt . band well that be not necessary , witt . I think we can arrange to have you transfer . do not worry about be awol . you have be a pretty valuable man the last couple of day . witt yes , sir . lt . band you know , we be short of noncom . tomorrow I intend to make all the temporary rank permanent . a bribe . witt can smell welsh watch with supreme disgust Band 's eye suddenly narrow above he still - smile mouth . lt . band you still want to go ? all right , witt . I guess there 's really no way I can stop you officially . anyway , I would not want a man in my command who do not want to serve under I . witt it 's not that , sir . ( it be a lie , at least partly ) it 's that I do not want to serve in a battalion -- that do to guy what this battalion do to Captain stein . he deliberately do not mention Colonel tall . Band study he . lt . band okay , witt . but I feel that 's not up to we to judge . every army be bigger than any single man in it . 154 . witt yes , sir . lt . band that 's all , witt . oh , witt ! ( as witt turn back ) perhaps you would like a letter to present to you company commander in cannon company attest to where you have be the past two day . if you would , I would be glad to write one for you . witt ( impassively ) thank you , sir . lt . band sergeant , write a letter say to whom it May concern that witt have be with this organization the past two day in the thick of the fight and have be recommend for decoration . welsh I have not get a typewriter . lt . band do not argue with I , sergeant ! write the letter ! take this sheet of paper and write the letter welsh aye , sir . weld ! take this paper and go over to that stump and write I a letter . you get a pen ? weld yes , sir ! welsh you hear what to put in the letter ? weld yes , sir ! welsh okay . move ! and do not call I " sir , " fuckface . 155 . welsh sit down and fold he arm and look at both of they , witt and Band . then suddenly he grin he crazy mad , furry - eye grin at both of they . somewhere in that labyrinthine mind of he , he be obviously lumping they together and let they know it . when the letter be write and sign -- it take only a few moment -- welsh hand it over . but when witt take hold of it welsh suddenly clamp he thumb and forefinger together , not let it go . when witt exert some pressure , welsh hold on , grin that stupid , insane grin down into he face . but when witt let go and be just drop he arm , welsh let go too , and the paper almost fall to the ground . witt have to catch it . lt . band there 's no need to go now , witt . it 's practically dark . you can wait till tomorrow . witt I be not afraid of the dark lootenant . witt stare hard at welsh , then he leave . he be angry at himself for want the letter . he should of leave it , or refuse it in the first place . he do not really need it . screw they all , the cheap bastard . not a one of they have lift a finger to help poor old stein . and if Band think he can buy off Bob witt with a sergeancy , or a offer to stay overnight and maybe reconsider , he do not know he guy . he wad the letter up and throw it away . ext . company cp - day Band have send weld away and be alone with welsh . lt . band sergeant , I can not help note a tone of subtle ridicule in everything you say . for some time I have feel you be not always properly respectful to the company officer . welsh Sir , you can have my stripe and my job whenever you want they . he mean it , and Band know he mean it . 156 . lt . band sergeant , do not ever get the idea you be indispensable . welsh Lieutenant , nobody know better than I exactly how dispensable every man in this outfit be . Band feel himself outmaneuvered and decide not to push it further . ext . company cp - day Bell and some of the other man plead with witt . fife do not plead but , sit apart , stare evenly at he . witt will have to be the first one to speak , and he choose not to . bell why do not you just stay ? you know you would like to . if they get hold of you back in the rear , they will throw you in the stockade . witt not I ... I will not never come back in this battalion long as Shorty tall command it . no , sir . much 's I might like to . that Shorty tall better stay away from I , or I will punch he head in . bell ( as witt walk off ) you can not go back there tonight anyway . you fool ! you will get you ass shot off by some trigger - happy sentry . hardhead ! ext . company cp - dusk sgt . welsh stand in front of a portion of the company , read a announcement from col . tall . welsh this be from Colonel tall : " we victory give we the high reason for pride . it will prove a milestone in the battle for guadalcanal . ( more ) 157 . we have sudd stecarhe ' high casualty in the division and have capture the toughest objective . tomorrow the division commander will arrive to make a personal inspection of the line . after the inspection we be to be relieved by a battalion of the division 's reserve regiment . I have secure for the battalion a week 's rest off the line . " tall stand off from he cp by himself , listen in the gather dusk . he smile to himself as he hear the distant cheer . he flatter himself that he know pretty well how enlist man work -- he ought to after fifteen year -- and the news of the week 's relief far more than offset any natural irritation over the inspection . ext . hillside - dusk witt be descend the hillside in lonely bewilderment when he meet ash , the wounded 3rd platoon scout , who grin at he from the side of the trail . ash I would of have you , kaintuck , if you be a jap -- long ago ! witt they leave you here ? ash I would of slowed they up . I do not really mind . medic fix I up before they leave . I get plenty of ammo and welsh leave I he pistol . they ' 11 be somebody along for I evenshully . he seem about three - fourth drunk from shock , morphine and the pain of he bandage wound , which he display for witt . ash right in the knee . I be out of this war for good , witt . but what the hell be you doin ' down here ? witt some binness . 158 . he look around , marvel to find the terrain where they lay so long in fear and tremble , now so peaceful , the pure sky breathe on the land , the earth go she tranquil way . ash well , give all they boy my best . witt you can come with I if you want . I will help you along . ash Nah , it 's nice and quiet and peaceful here . anyway , I would slow you up . somebody 's 11 be along for I . witt I will remind they . ash okay . ash watch the dusk close around the vanish figure of the proud kentuckian . fade to : ext . down from hill ( drumsara bivouac ) - day they come down from the hill and out of the jungle with they haunt face and pool - deep , sea-dark eye , lug every ounce of booty they can carry and look more like bowery scavenger than soldier . no sooner be they at they bivouac in a coconut grove by the sea than they begin get blind , crazy drunk . it be a wild mass bacchanalian orgy that will go on for day . voice freedom ! we win ! we whipped they ass ! hooooeee ! they be hardly down out of the truck before the bottle , leave behind here by various man and catalogue carefully by Storm , be out and be utilize . mactae , the supply sergeant , in a excess of guilty love , have pitch all of the company 's pyramidal tent and even set up the cot in they complete with they blanket and mosquito bar . the kitchen fly be up and the stove be light . all the weary warrior have to do be clamber down and start drink seriously , as soon as they can draw they mark bottle from Storm 's lock chest . 159 . becker avoid the sea . there 's shark out there . in this island they worship the shark . Bell sit alone while the other carouse , hunch over a sheet of paper with a carpenter 's pencil , write a letter to he wife . ( much of he letter may play against scene of marty , back in the States , in Florida or perhaps in Hawaii . he remember the first time they see each other , they first touch or first kiss . ) bell ( v.0 . ) you be everything that 's soft and tender , marty . I love you . you have no edge . you be like the snow , that come down and make everything pure and bright and clean . everything die on this island , but everywhere you go they live . a soldier with a fiddle play " Midnight on the water . " the cook toss grenade into a stream and collect the fish that bob to the surface . Storm then create for the company such a fish fry that it make the more fragile - minded weep for home . all of they be a bit mad . the combat numbness , with its starry eye , draw face and thousand - yard stare , have not yet leave they . that who do not have the foresight to stock whiskey away drink aqua velva mix with can grapefruit juice from the kitchen supply . by nightfall almost everybody have vomit one or more time . several man get down on they hand and knee , in the moonlight shine tranquilly down into the coconut grove , and bay at the moon like wolf or hound . another group of ten or twelve take off all they clothing and , bareass nude , run trip and dance across the open field beside the bivouac to swim in the matanikau in the moonlight . and there be at least nine fist fight . when the klaxon sound later on several man stumble into the wrong slit trenches , while one actually dive into a latrine . bell ( v.o. ) you spread life and peace around you . you come like the rain to everything that 's dry inside I and like a starve root . you be the sky and the cloud , you be what there be beyond all this . you make my blood sing , marty . I do not see how anything could keep I from you . I go through the earth to you . ( more ) 160 . I touch yobeii( bentd long as you be with I , there 's nothing I be afraid of . int . mazzi be tent - dusk Inside mazzi 's tent everybody be busy knock Lt. Band . kirk Fucking stupid fuck of a lieutenant ! volunteer we ! take chance with we ! Fucking with we ! you tellin ' I he be not glad when they relieved the Captain ? he could hardly keep from smile . his mouth be doin ' like a worm . mazzi so tell he ! what the fuck 's the good of sittin ' around here yackin ' about it ? carni , slack - face with malarial fever , and the leader of the little Greater New York group of hep guy , look over at he and ask in a voice hollow with fever and cynicism : carni why the hell do not you do it yourself , then ? tassi yeah , why do not yah ? kirk yeah , why not ? all 's you get to lose be that p - f- C you might get on the next promotion list . mazzi ( get up drunkenly ) all right , by God I will . he march out of the tent and stagger through the coco palm toward Band 's hq tent . the other follow he at a distance , sniggering happily , content to let he take the dangerous chance alone . all , that be , except carni , ' who can not get out of he bed . ext . band be hq tent - dusk despair , hatred and unredeemable misery rage in mazzi 's heart after the humiliation of he rescue by till . 161 . it have to be that fuck till ! so far till have not tell anybody , but he might . doll ( intercept he ) you hate the Captain till they send he away . you say he do not know what he be do . mazzi fuck you . doll what be you go to Band for ? you wanta tell somebody off , why do not you find the Colonel ? kirk watch out , frankie ! you could get in trouble ! mazzi fuck it ! I do not care one way or the other . I do not fuck care . worse it be , the better ! ( toward the tent ) come out , you son of a bitch ! I say come out , shiteater ! come out and find out what the man in you outfit think of you , Band ! you want to know what we think of you ? glory hunter ! come on , volunteer we for something ' else ! from Band 's black - out tent just the faintest hint of light creep out to the wait man outside . Inside the tent nothing seem to move . other man have begin to gather around too now , they grin tooth white in the bright moonlight aware of they , mazzi rage on , march back and forth and swinging he skinny arm , compound insult and profanity with great artistry . mazzi you be a prick , Band ! a schmuck ! c'mon out , I will take you myself ! everybody in this outfit hate you gut ! do you know that ! how do it feel ! how do it feel ! finally the light in the tent go out . then the flap be throw back and Band stand in the doorway lean on he hand on the canvas . he sway ever so slightly , but say nothing . slowly the man begin to drift away awkwardly . the fun be go . 162 . mazzi you think that fuck hero helmet mean anything longside the good dead man that be really dead ? kirk let 's git back to some ser - yous drinkin' . come on , frankie . mazzi and that 's what we think of you ! so court - martial I ! he stalk off proudly . Band feel sick . to think he love they all like child ! mazzi 's tight little Greater New York clan congratulate he all the way back to the tent , crowd around he to slap he back and shake he hand . now that Band 's silent face be no longer before they , the fun have come back . mazzi I sure get he tell ! I sure get he tell ! and he never say one word back ! then suddenly he see till 's mock , lip-lift face square in front of he and be startle into a new hollow apathy . he try to brave it out , chuckle hollowly to he new satellite carni . mazzi I sure get he tell ! carni you sure do ! till spit brown out of the side of he grin . till you never get nobody tole nothin' . nothin ' a tall . I know . mazzi do not you tell no lie , till ! till lies ? I be only go to tell what I know . when I feel like it , exactly to the minute . that 's the way it 's gonna be . till smile crookedly . mazzi turn away in horror . 163 . int . welsh' tent - dusk welsh and Storm be drink too , but they appear cold sober . STORM do not matter how much training you have get , how careful you be , it 's a matter of luck whether or not you get kill . it do not make no difference who you be , how tough a guy you might be , how much you know -- if you be in the wrong spot at the wrong time , you be go to get it . ( heavily ) I do not care no more . I do not care about nothing . first time I ever feel this way . he find it very serious , almost a tragedy . welsh 's reaction astonish he . welsh sound like bliss . ( after a moment ) I do not really feel it yet . the numbness . not like the rest of you do . maybe I just know what to expect . maybe I be freeze up already . I know it 's the only thing that save you . ( with he sly - eye grin ) maybe if you work on it , you can make it a permanent state . I be go to try . Storm look up , like a sleepy , bait - wise sea turtle . STORM not I . welsh I like all this shit , Storm . I like be shot at . guess I will just go till I drop in my track or some jap get I . they can bury I while I laugh . welsh watch the insect crash mindlessly against the lantern that hang from the centerpole . he start to get up and keel over on he face . 164 . ext . bivouac - night somewhere in the midst of this great bacchanalian orgy dol ' , fife and a few other man have stumble into Queen . Queen be rave -- drunk , miserable and alone . queen I should not ought to have knock that boy ' head together . do you see how the Colonel look at I ? do you see ? maybe that boy be not the one , personally , that do the ball - cuttin' . what will I do now ? maybe they do not know nothing about it . maybe they be against it . forgive I ! doll he be eatin’ mud before . he eat a peck of dirt . he 's go . Queen throw himself down in the mud and begin to weep whimper and howl , bite he clench knuckle and stare at doll and fife with the wild eye of a rabid animal , rave half in incomprehensible gibberish , half in lucid phrase . other men ( 0.s. ) give he air . do not get close to he . let he breathe . do not shine that light in he eye ! queen forgive I ! I do what I should not ought to have do . some thing you can not take back ! help ! get away from I ! I do not belong with you ! he weep and whimper and go on bite he knuckle writhe as though in a epileptic fit . look in he eye fife feel , more than yesterday in combat , the horror of war ; its power to poison the soul , its systematic reduction of man to animal . queen forgive I ! other men ( 0.s. ) let he go ! stand back ! what the fuck kind of swipe be he drinkin ' ? 165 . int . division hospital - dusk welsh come to find himself in a small section of the division hospital reserve for first three grader . Storm have come to visit he and be smoking a cigar . the color ticket for evacuation be already attach to the foot of he bed . welsh so it be you that get I haul up here ! his crazy eye glint with a insane feverishness . Storm can not tell whether it be the malaria or simply welsh 's personality . STORM knock off , first sar not . just be quiet and they be go to ship you out of here . you get malaria . you be bein ' evacuate . welsh you will never get away with it . you will never beat I out of my job Storm . I be too smart ! anyway , you may be okay in the kitchen -- you have get no head for administration . I know you ! from down the aisle the frail young 2 nd lt . doctor who run the ward come run with a wardboy . 2nd lo. doctor now you just take it easy , sergeant . you have get a temperature of a hundred and five and two - tenth . welsh you be in cahoot with he ! for answer the Lieutenant shove he back on he pillow and put a thermometer in he mouth , at which point welsh bite the thermometer in two , throw it on the floor , leap out of bed and run out the tent flap and back to he company . 166 . ext . airfield ( souvenir market ) - day in the morning the whole of C - for - Charlie descend en masse to the airfield , spread out over the undamage or least - damage area of it , and begin bargain with the Air Corps , trading souvenir for the scotch that the flyer bring in each day from Australia with the general ' supplies , the milk , meat and cheese . it be like a vast arab souk , a thief ' market , and the bid be fierce . a silk battle flag , preferably bloodstain , be worth at least three Imperial quart . a " samurai saber " be always worth five . money be practically meaningless to everyone except the airmen . bell ( v.0o . ) ( with music ) the world seem crazy without you . away from you the world be unreal , like a country you be leave forever and never come back to . ( after a pause ) I look up in the leave , I listen to the cricket , I feel like anything could be a sign from you . when I be with other people I feel homesick for the mountain air I have breathe with you . love you keep I pure . ( after a pause ) we be like two tree that have grow together -- like ivy ona wall . nothing mean anything without you . ( after a pause ) will peace ever come ? I want to stay changeless for you , marty . you get something twisted out of you inside by all this filth and blood and noise . keep I through this terror , marty . keep I through the madness . keep I through the blood . darling , hold I close tonight . I love you . ext . dusty road near the airfield - day drifting away bored , fife see Storm and doll , Queen and a few other man tramping down the dusty road toward rear echelon hq . 167 . fife where you go ? doll we hear Captain stein 's around here somewhere wait to be ship out . fife decide to join they . together they set out to pay they respects to they company commander whom they once hate but now admire , and to tell he goodbye . int . stein be tent - day they find stein at work in he tent sorting what few papers he have . they arrival take he by surprise . fife hello , Captain . when you leavin ' ? stein tomorrow . I be go to New Zealand by plane . doll how would you find you bag ? we look , we could not find ours . stein I spend the last three day hunt they down . they give I the use of a jeep . I enjoy drive around . doll you ready to go ? doll seem to have take it upon himself to speak for the other . stein whenever they tell I ... I would have come to visit you but I feel like be alone . he take a bottle off the little camp table and offer they all a drink . there be only one glass in the tent so they all take it straight from the neck of the bottle . when stein see how appreciative they be , he reach into he bag and haul out the three bottle he intend to take with he on the plane and give they to they . under the influence of the liquor , they soon be all talk at once , all babbling away together . stein feel curiously detach . 168 . doll we want to thank you , sir , for ask to make that flankin ' move and watch out for we -- for keep we together . we be sorry to see you go . we feel like you get a rotten deal . stein I be not sure you be right . you never know if you be do any good . that 's the hard part . it do not matter . I do not care . I be glad to be go . fife there 's still time , we ought to all go and make a protest -- stein what for ? what good would it do ? anyway I want to go . you would not want to take away my chance of get evacuate , would you ? " no , " they chant in unison . for God 's sake , they would not want to do that . stein leave it alone . let it lay . why should he want to stay ? everyone be die to get out . it be the only sane thing to want . and yet he know there be something he find here that he will never find back there . he know it , and they know it , though none of they could say what it be . stein why should I care ? Washington 's full of woman . it 's the big boom town now . with my campaign ribbon and medal , I ought to make out pretty well . I could do worse . stein exchange with Storm -- a look of secret knowledge . Storm , like he , mean to be one of that who life if he possibly can . and Storm , like he , do not feel at all guilty . 169 . ext . stein be tent - day when they have leave stein stand in the door of the tent and watch they straggle off with they whiskey , unshaven , dirty , still in the mud-slick fatigue from the battle . later , when the plane come over , he sit quietly in the dark , without any fear , and listen to the bombing . ext . bivouac - day at the bivouac the drink start before breakfast . they crawl out of they net-cover cot and have a good stiff dolt of Australian scotch . Breakfast be the only roll call of the day by order of Shorty tall ; after that they be on they own . ext . bivouac ( mail call ) - day the man crowd wildly around corporal weld as he pass out the mail . that who have reason to fear they name might not be call linger back in the shade of the palm , where they do not risk embarrassment or awkward question . fife consider Bell a lucky man . fife six letter ! bell that do not seem like so many . she 's get plenty of time to write . fife be feel pretty cocky as the whiskey quietly grow inside he splinter nerve . he have find out that he be really much brave than he think , and this give he real boy . it be not so hard to be a real soldier after all . with Jenks dead , corporal fife have become sergeant fife leader of the 2nd squad 3rd platoon . he have save at least two of they once apiece and at least three of they have save he . he feel a fierce protective love for each and every one of they . but there be one thing that still rankle he , and that be the way that fuck son of a backbit bitch Joe weld treat he in front of welsh that day . stealing he job like a sneak thief . then smile at he that way . 170 . ext . hq tent - day Joe weld and Eddie train , the stutterer whose lap fife land in in terror , and the new kid Crown be sit out drink with two of the cook when fife saunter up to they , mouth purse , tongue rub slowly over he tooth , he arm dangle . weld oh -- uh , hello there , fife . we be just -- fife sergeant fife to you , corporal . and do not ever call I anything else ! weld look startle for a moment . then he look of startle turn into a placate smile . weld well , I guess you really earn the title , sergeant . the hard way . I for one sure do not -- fife do not ass - kiss I , you cheap fuck . weld now . now , see here . ( scramble to he foot ) I never do ... he do not get to finish because fife step in and knock he down without a word -- without a sound , in fact , except for the smack of he fist on the cheekbone . weld hey ! hey ! I be just sit here drink and talk and mind my own business . fife get up , cheap fuck ! get up , job stealer ! get up , and I will knock you down again . first nearby , then further off , he hear uncaringly the happy cry of " fight ! fight ! " and the SOUND of men' foot run . weld I do not want to fight you . I do not steal you job . ( more ) 171 . it be welslela ( caride I corporal . nobody know you be come back . I do not want to fight you , fife. ( repeat it slyly ) I just want -- he do not finish . instead , he make a wild , lung leap for fife 's middle , to grapple . it do not succeed . joyously , fife step in again and left-hook he . this time it be more accurate , and on the jaw . it send weld roll away wildly to the ground , where he prop himself on he elbow , shaking he head . when he roll over to sit up , fife dive on he . it be as though a sudden scramble lightning bolt of happy maleness and joyous masculinity have g light fife 's skull , blind he with glory . on top of the groggy weld on the ground , he cuff and pummel . growl and cursing high in he throat and cry " job stealer ! " over and over , he punch with both fist and total abandon at the face below he . finally they pull he off of he . fife lemme go ! somebody help weld up . his nose be break and bleed . both eye be puffed almost shut . blood run from he mouth between he break lip and he look bewilder . fife , stand unheld now and in command of himself again , though breathe hard , stare at he feel both happiness and consternation at the destruction he have cause . he be proud of himself , but he have not really mean to hurt anyone . train and Crown take the sway weld by the arm to lead he away . fife hey ! hey ! do not do that ! do not go ! let 's have a drink . no hard feeling ! fife marvel at how frail and hollow he seem , this man who once stir such a sink fear in he . from ten yard away weld stop and look back at he . he be weep and at the same time try not to . he seem to be search he fuddle head for the very worst thing he can think of to call fife . weld you -- you clerk ! 172 . fife okay . be a jerk ! ( turn to the two cook ) either of you guy want some ? he grin at they . both of they , though they be bigger than fife , shake they head in silence . fife walk along rub he bruise hand . around they the man be beginning to disperse now that it be over . doll do you hear that ? he call you a clerk . what he be . you show the fucker . fife leave I alone . fife 's eye flash with anger ; he do not wish to be congratulate . doll do not take offense but , with a delicate nod , let the subject drop . he see fife be limping . doll what 's the matter ? just then a messenger come up from rear echelon , gasp for breath . messenger col . tall 's be promote . they be shipping he out . gaff and Lt. Band too . the whole lot of they . we be go back up ! ext . palm grove - day down in the palm grove col . tall talk with a small group of newsmen . he have somehow come into possession of a jewel - encrust samurai sword and carry it under he arm in place of the baton . Captain gaff and Lt. Band be with he , each with he personal baggage . a jeep wait nearby , and a movie camera record the scene . col . tall ( smile broadly ) of course I be glad of the promotion . but it will be painful to leave this man . I feel they be in good hand , though . they have be bloody . they have taste victory . 173 . a group of C - for - Charlie man watch from a distance . while they be fond of Captain gaff , he departure to glory -- word be out he will be put up for the Medal of honor -- leave they with a certain bitterness . as for Old Shorty , who , after all , be be promote because of they shed blood , nobody really care very much that he be leave . they be not even watch as he be drive off . ext . jungle road ( a month later ) - day the scene shift to the jungle again . a solitary figure hump along under he combat pack with sling rifle and bandolier , thin and frail - look , he head sink deep into he helmet shell . Storm , from he stove , see the single figure come up the road . ext . storm mess tent - day Storm shake witt 's hand fervently . from beneath the helmet , in shadow , witt 's hard implacable eye peer out like the eye of some ferret - like animal . they have not see each other in over a month . STORM let I give you some food . you look hungry , witt . Storm serve he all the fry spam , dehydrated mashed potato , and stew , dehydrated apple he small belly can hold . then he break out a Imperial quart . STORM how have you find we ? what the hell be you do up here ? like this ? all by yourself . witt I be headin ' back to the comp'ny . he wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . STORM you be what ?! witt ( with a grin ) go back . Shorty tall get promote . STORM you must be out of you mind . 174 . witt 's eye turn slowly in they socket to stare at he . witt no , I be not . STORM in the first place nobody know where they be . they be way to hell and go off on they own someplace . witt I can find they . somebody 's get to know . STORM you must be off you rocker . witt why ? it 's the comp'ny , be not it ? tail 's promote , be not he ? he look straight at Storm out of he black kentucky eye . STORM have a nuther drink . witt thank you , I will . it 's good to see you , stormy . what be you doin 's up here feed all this stranger ? STORM I try to catch up to the comp'ny , but we miss they . could not go any further -- and this guy be here . I figure I might as well feed somebody . witt well , I guess it 's a good deed . it be good for I , anyway . I be hike three day . Storm look around the ridge and shrug again . STORM angh , for two cent I would go with you . 175 . witt come on along . STORM I do not know what this dumbass would do if they do not have I around to take care of they . witt we would have some fun . STORM the truth be , I do not like to get shot at . witt ever body to he own taste . I thin I like it . but honestly , I would not be doin 's this if it be not the old comp’ny . Storm look at he skeptically but let it pass , and witt set out again , well aware of the effect he odyssey be create . new angle witt shake Storm 's hand a final time . he have lingered to have a couple more drink . witt we be go to find out after this war be over what we fight for , if it be for freedom or so 's a bunch of people could get rich and ruin the country and never call thing by they rightful name . yessir ! ( take Storm by the shoulder ) like my aunt Kay say , the fat hog have get loose in the creek and tromped everything up . that 's what 's happen . ( spitting ) we work to build this country . they steal what we build and mess up what be there to begin with , belong to everybody . the big company have get control of we work , we pay , we bank deposit we public land and we govment . they have dig hole . ( more ) 176 . we be dumb wad titepninidian . american democracy 's be bomb . we be live in the ruin . they that come after be go to have to be content with what we spoiled . ( he voice grow thick ) you ever have a garden ? they be pull up the young plant and water the weed ! people do not see what 's happen . they get way of keep it secret . but I see it , easy as fall off a log . they do not fool I . no , sir ! I pay the price , and I see the show . who be closer to the truth -- welsh , with he disillusion view of thing ( which Storm and , in vary degree , the rest of the company share ) or witt , with he idealism ? STORM they fool you plenty . what be you go up there for ? I can see do it because they make you . but ready and willing ! witt be not sure what Storm be drive at , or why suddenly he have take this new tone . a moment ago they be the best of friend . STORM company do not care about you . company 's just a shell . a hotel . people come and go . you go to get shot at for a hotel ? after you be go , they be go to have other guest . you do not owe they nothin’ . you believe in something ' that do not believe in you . witt wonder if Storm be insulting he . he bring it on he - self , though , do not he ? he will not make the same mistake again . witt I make a mistake get into this discussion . he give Storm back he jar of liquor , turn and walk off . STORM Boy , they be just play you like a fiddle in a band . you be just the kind they like to get . ( as witt continue on ) ( more ) 177 . they do not sgdrm ( castti't about you ! do not even know that you exist . they be go to eat you up and have you for dinner . ( shouting after he ) jackass ! briar ! and fuck you aunt Kay ! witt c ( the himself , spitting ) ook ! witt go off in solitary splendor toward the line . Storm watch until he disappear from sight , then kissing he wounded hand and laugh with delight , he do a little jig . a long column of troops wind through the grassy field ahead of witt . truck , jeep , a tank . he catch a ride on a truck . ext . jungle ( mowbray / guadalcanal ) - day witt be walk down a road through the jungle , hum to himself , when he hear the SNAP of a spend bullet in leave overhead . he stop and look up . there be the faint , angry whirr of a second bullet . he look up and down . he be quite alone here , expose and vulnerable . ext . jungle ( other angle ) - day he see a group of fly fox , stir uneasily in they roost . he see a stranger fig , choke the life out of a tall hardwood . the grass about he throbs with cricket . he feel the cold presence of fear , like someone stand behind he . he could still turn back . his eye glisten . now music come in , like a call of summoning love . further up the road he encounter a Marine sniper . ext . copra plantation - day c-for - Charlie be campe by a abandon copra plantation . a sentry hear a rock hum past he and , startle , fire off a couple of wild round . he stop when he hear himself hail form the jungle in a strong kentucky accent . witt Charlie comp'ny ! Charlie comp'ny ! hold yore fahr ! it 's witt ! ( with sly humor ) acting p-f-c witt ! of cannon comp'ny ! 178. fife look up . other head snap around . they see it be indeed witt . he have trekked all the way up to the line to find they . there be a great deal of backslapp , laughter and handshake . everybody be overjoy to see he , to know that he would search they out like this just to be with they . they show he they new mascot : a cuscus . welsh and witt have a conversation here . ext . plantation veranda - day fife go up to witt and smile . squint he eye and put he head a little to one side and grin , he say : fife hello , witt . or be you still not speakin’ to I ? witt grin back . he seem to sense some change he like . they be alone on the plantation 's dusty veranda . chair and table surround they , with other vestige of some domestic life before the war : a home , destroy . witt no . I guess I be talk to you now . fife because if you be not , I think we might as well have it out right here and now . fife grin . witt nod , still grin . apparently he have hear about fife 's new fight prowess . witt well , we could do that . I still think I could take you . but you get a pretty good right hand from what I hear . if you tag I with that right hand , you might could whup I . awy pervade I could not keep away from it , a course . fife there be not really no need though -- ( grin ) -- now . since you be talk to I . be there ? witt not really . 179 . fife what do you say we have a slug of swipe instead ? they laugh and shake hand , friend again . fife 's eye sting with tear of gratitude . witt be a long time since we have a talk -- have not it ? what 's the new commander like ? ext . copra plantation - day witt look at the other man , in the same ecstasy of loving comradeship that he feel for capt . stein the afternoon of they assault on the japanese bivouac . the camera , following he gaze , linger on they , admire they one by one . Little do they suspect how they be gather in the kentuckian 's heart -- even welsh , who stare at he in a mixture of amusement and scorn . he listen as a young newcomer dictate a letter to a friend . newcomer she do not know I can not write , but she know I can not write good , so throw in some mistake . dissolve to : ext . kentucky farm and field - day witt , in what must be vision , see the farm and valley of kentucky -- people be go about they work , rake hay and put it up in barn -- a land of peace and truth , bright with a unearthly light . a woman appear . gracious , noble , she look out on that scene , a smile on she lip . she might be some individual whom witt have know ; he sister or mother . she be all that be not strife or war or senseless death . she be peace , she be hope . sharp CUT to : ext copra plantation - day a japanese mortar burst overhead . fife quake with horror . 180 . voice not my leg ! not my leg ! doll check you ammo ! c-for - Charlie cringe under a fierce counterattack . the japanese heavy mortar be lobbing in treeburst , and there be nowhere to hide . from time to time a man rise up to draw a piece of coconut tree from he flesh ; the fragment be throw down from above with the force of the shrapnel itself and finally do more damage . animal rush through the tree and across the tangle bungle floor , as though flee a fire . cockatoos , lorikeet . the afternoon air sparkles with shred vegetation . this new battle be fiercer , more horrible and confuse than the first . ( to convey the man 's heighten sense of fear we shift for a brief while from 35 mm to 65 mm film stock . ) ext . copra plantation - day fife claw the ground . all the confidence have go out of he ; he be right back where he start . it take every ounce of courage he can muster not to break and run , just to stick it out . he can do it and he do , but it cost he more than it do the other , like doll or Bell . he have to work harder at it . it seem he be not what he think he be . courage will never be a possession with he . doll order he squad around . the inexperienced man flinch and gasp at each burst from the mortar . doll we clot it and it 's here . there be not a fuck thing we can do about it ... lock and load ! fife watch he , amaze . since he experience at the bunker , a new sense of paternal responsibility have blossom in doll . ext . copra plantation - day the company 's sparrow - mouth , long - nose new lieutenant give the phone back to corporal weld . neither he nor anyone else seem to have the least idea where the enemy be or what be go or . half a dozen man from another unit flee past they , some without they helmet . they say nothing to C - for- Charlie -- merely glance at they with great white eye , and pass on . 181 . new lieutenant somebody -- the commander say somebody need to go up there -- Beyond the plantation a red clay road run straight off through the jungle . one or two man crane they head to look up it . new lieutenant ( wonder if they hear he ) somebody need to go forward and find out how close they be . we need to block that road . till they can send more people up . bell we need to get out of here , sir right now . do you explain the situation to he ? do he know where we be ? we be sittin’ duck out here . the Lieutenant try to get battalion hq on the phone again , but now the line be dead . weld they cut the line . new lieutenant ( very shake ) volunteer . I need volunteer . the man look at each other . that who come forward before -- doll , Dale , Queen , Bell -- lie paralyze today . witt study the desert road ahead . he know that whoever go up there be likely never to come back . newcomer ( 0.s. ) I will go . witt turn . a newcomer have speak up , a green recruit like bead , a stranger to they all . now witt recognize he as the man he hear dictating the letter the night before . music enter . the stranger quake all over , astonished at himself . witt frown . he turn and look at the other . his brother ! again it come to he ; the hotly joyous , almost sexual enjoyment and acceptance ; the joy of not caring anymore . 182 . witt Sir , I have have more experience than that man . the other look in amazement as witt crawl over to the Lieutenant . new lieutenant I have not see you around before . witt I want you to know I think the whole thing 's a bad idea , though . if they come through there in any strength , lootenant , they be go to knock you roadblock to hell and flinder even if we be a whole platoon . we could not hold they . but I want to go . the Lieutenant share the other man 's astonishment . new lieutenant you do not have to go , private . if you do not want to . other will volunteer . besides the young stranger , no one else have ; they all know it . and witt can still get out . witt no -- I want to go , sir . if somethin’ bad happen , I want to be there so maybe I can help . besides nothin’ bad may happen at all . coomb I will go with witt , Lieutenant . coomb look at witt as though he think this way they might have a chance to talk . the long - nose New Lieutenant nod . new lieutenant you will need another man . he look around . again there be no volunteer . fife have no intention of stick he neck out , but when witt 's glance accidentally cross he , he suddenly speak up . fife I will go . 183. the word be out of he mouth before he know it . witt frown . ( cover welsh 's reaction as well . ) new lieutenant be careful , witt . witt yes , sir . witt get he order . he listen , then go off witha cheerful air that the other man find incomprehensible . coomb follow , then fife . none of they look back the young man who volunteer , when he understand the look in the other men' eye , be glad he offer be not accept and that he do not renew it , however embarrassing he failure to do so might be . nor do it trouble he that two other man be go in he place . ext . deserted road - day the three volunteer make they way forward . witt you never know when to keep you mouth shut . witt study the road ahead from the position they have take up alongside it . fife tremble . he want to weep , but he be afraid to . everything be go so fast , so far . for a moment nothing happen . then , ominously , the mortar fall silent . fife feel it again -- the cold , empty fear -- like a hollow , a void , where he confidence once lay he pleasure in himself . it make he feel sick . and it stay with he . witt look around . a noise in the undergrowth on they right barely perceptible at first , gradually grow more distinct . coomb peer forward , alarmed by a faint cry . ignoring fife , he look at witt only . witt say nothing . coomb raise he head again . the concussion of a late mortar round send he reeling . all at once , fifty yard ahead of they , they see a whole battalion of japanese soldier materialize from the tree line . 184 . hundred of fresh troops appear , camouflage with the branch of tree and bush -- nothing like the gaunt , starve , poorly - equip figure C - for - Charlie have encounter prior to now . the american soldier look more emaciate than the japanese do . witt see they have no chance of get back together . calm and with a curious air of concentration , he turn to fife . witt go back . tell they what we see . say they be come up right behind the mortar . battalion strength . fife why I ? let 's both go . witt think about it for a moment . the japanese advance quickly , silently ; this will be a surprise attack . witt there 's no time . you go . tell that new lieutenant to get everybody back . tell he they get heavy machine gun . tell he , where he 's sittin’ right now , they will eat he up . I will hold they off . witt nod . there be still the same odd , cheerful air about he . fife give he a little salute , and then he leave . coomb be die , and he know it . he turn to witt . coomb geez , I never feel like this before at all . what you guess it could be from , like this ? no bullet , no blood . just around my chest it 's so hard to breathe . hold I , would you . let I look at you ? till the end ? till it 's over ? as witt watch the japanese approach , he begin to hear the same music which come to he on the road as he be head up to the line ; the same mysterious summon of fraternal devotion . this be the fulfillment he have prepare himself for . ext . copra plantation - day fife run like a desperate man , break a way through the branch with he rifle , until he reach the company . 185 . fife go back ! get back ! Quick ! ext . deserted road - day witt wait until the japanese be practically on top of he before he open FIRE . they be catch by surprise . clearly they have not expect to meet resistance so soon . a small japanese soldier with a .31 caliber machine gun strapped to he back advance toward he . he can not reach back and fire the gun himself ; he job be merely to serve as a tripod for it . see witt , he throw himself on the ground and dig in like a badger . other japanese soldier dash forward to squeeze the trigger . one by one witt shoot they down ; quickly , decisively , with dare and skill . soon mortar round begin to fall among the enemy soldier . he look back over he shoulder . perhaps fife have report they position ; perhaps the japanese will stop and he will get out of this . ext . copra plantation - day several hundred yard away the man of C - for - Charlie listen in bewilderment as they pull back . men of c-for-charlie why do not he come back ? where 's coomb ? I just hear one gun . what 's happen ? why can not we go back ? why can not we help he ? they glance at the new man , whose life have be spare . weld the line 's fix , sir . new lieutenant ( shouting into the phone ) Fire mission . grid five Mike one niner . enemy in the open . danger close . welsh be the last to fall back . he look in witt 's direction . welsh fool ! ext . deserted road - day witt dart up and down the japanese line of advance , firing until he run out of ammunition . 186 . while he be reloading a young japanese , almost a boy , run forward and grasp the machine gun 's trigger . the man who be flatten beneath it rise from the ground , twitching he shoulder leave and right to make the fire traverse . witt dodge through the tree . the bullet shriek and hum as they pass . from time to time he drop to the ground , hide , cun and crafty , like a jungle animal . the human tripod vat up and follow he quickly , with the triggerman close behind . young japanese slendull ! slendull , soju ! witt do not move . to give you life gladly ! to lay down you life for you friend ! the japanese soldier come up , surround he . there be no chance he can escape now . when they be nearly on top of he he lunge out at they , and they shoot he down . ext . copra plantation - day fife listen , numb with terror , as american artillery round scream overhead . his grimy face be streak with tear . before he on the ground lie a perfect seashell . ext . deserted road - day a abrupt silence announce that the battle be over . witt lie beside a japanese soldier . men of c-for-charlie ( 0.s. ) he might of get away . look over there . they draw closer to witt 's body . ext . deserted road - day fife , Bell , welsh , Queen and doll be gather under the spell of they comrade 's death . fife feel tie with they all . even with Charlie Dale . even with the slain japanese who lie here and there like shoeless , sleep child . it be as though he have die himself and be watch the scene like a ghost , from the other side . fife you be not alone . can you hear I ? 187 . he sit with he friend and hold he hand and do not utter another word . he look intently into the dead face . at last he put witt 's hand down and walk away , alone . ext . deserted road - day now welsh be stand over the dead man . welsh where 's you pride now ? ( he turn to a medic ) bury that soldier . ext . witt' grave - day witt be bury at the edge of the straight red road . they dam he rifle in the ground , set he helmet on it and tie a dogtag to the triggerguard . fife 's terror pass gradually over into a long for life and peace . the sun gleam through the tree overhead , through the wild bananas and huge looping lianas . ext . jungle - day fife be walk to morning chow with Bell when he turn he ankle on a half - dry rut in the road and go down with a thud . bell you all right ? he have to hop along to take the weight off the inure ankle , rest he hand from time to time on Bell 's shoulder . the pain be exquisite . mactae , the supply sergeant , come up . mactae you be white as a sheet ! what the hell happen to you there ? fife I step on it wrong . mactae you be to the medic with it ? no? really ? you be out of you everlovin’ mind ! you can get evacuate on that . ( excitedly ) I know guy with yo get ship out on a lot less than that . ( more ) 188. let the do@acghe ( ontshdw it to they up at division . fife what if they turn I down ? mactae what have you get to lose ? you will not be any worse off than you be now , will you ? but fife feel there be something else , a serious moral problem . mactae be you kid ? man , if I have something ' like that , I would be up there like a shot ! trouble with I , I be so fuck healthy I be not never gonna get myself ship out ! fife look at Bell . he seem to want one of they to tell he that he should stay , but they cannot think of a reason to . mactae I would not hesitate a second ... if it 's as bad as what I just see , it could get you out of here . if it 's as bad as what I see , you get no business in the infantry . ext . company area - day a detachment of japanese prisoner be pass by when suddenly Queen step out in front of they . the guard look at one another , uncertain what they should do . none be bold enough to challenge the huge veteran . Queen stare into the face of one of the prisoner , a man half he size . the japanese be daze and exhaust . he look out at ( page 178 of the original miss ) fife well , if it will help it , sir -- I guess I be . haine shrug , and again he eye glint . he turn to the orderly . Doc haine admit this man for evacuation . 189 . fife be afraid to believe it , lest something happen to change it . just like that . just like that , and he be out . out ! out ! why do he suddenly feel so guilty , so alone ? the evacuation order be si call and stamp . as he be go out the flap Doc haine call out to he . Doc haine you be a sergeant now , I see . you be a corporal before , be not you ? fife nod . ext . examining tent - day outside the tent Bell slap he on the back . fife try to look joyful -- Bell seem to expect it -- but somehow he cannot . thing be go so fast . already a new destiny be upon he . ext . supply area - day fife and Bell sit on a pack crate in a supply area . bell how can you even think twice about it ? fife I get my squad . they depend on I . I do not want to let they down . they never let I down . bell they would all tell you to go . they would tell you to get as far from this rock as you possibly could . what do you want to stay for ? everybody 's use every loophole they can think of . you have get it make . get out . fife this be the first time in my life I ever belong to something -- where I have a place , a real job . Bell nod . music enter . 190 . bell you think you be go to keep up with each other , but after a while you do not . maybe you get a Christmas card now and then . after a while it stop . faintly and far away , the klaxon start up , signal the approach of the evening air raid . neither of they give any think to seek cover , or even look up . fife I be afraid up there . it be as bad as ever . I be lie there and that treeburst be come in -- I think I be not go to get up . I think they be go to have to send the mps after I . ( look off ) I think I would lick it . once and for all . that I would not be afraid n more . it 's go to keep come back . I be go to have to fight it every day of my life . ( after a pause ) I do not want to run from a fight . only thing , I still want to have a wife and kid ... witt be my best friend . bell you make other friend . fife feel a sudden love of home , a greed for life and deliverance . he do not want to go back break and burn out . he love the Army . but he hate it too -- the corrupt ignorant , monotonous rut that everybody be in , the indignity they all must suffer -- the sick green horror of war most of all . fife if I go back I be finish . I will go over the hill or go crazy , one . bell maybe you be not a soldier . Bell look at fife and smile . 191 . ext . shore - day fife walk along the shore , alone . crab scuttle back and forth on the seethe wet sand . he see the break shell , the wavy line of wrack , a germinate coconut . be life like the sea , brutal and relentless ? do it know , or care , whom it smashes on the rock ? ext . hq area ( mail call ) - day at mail call Bell get the letter he have be wait for from he wife . they have just break off for noon chow , and corporal weld have come around with a batch of new mail . when he open it and see how it begin , he know what it be . she have be do it . she 's be do it . he feel sick all over . his leg be shaky and he hand and arm be shaky . he sit down on a coco palm log . doll see he and come to he side . music enter . bell she want a divorce . to marry he . she say she 's fall in love and she want that love while she can have it . she 's ask my forgiveness . ( tapping the letter ) it 's all so calm and proper . you could show it to you mother . ( after a silence ) she say it like she be go out to buy a new dress ! truck of new replacement be come in . the green man study the veteran of C - for - Charlie with open-mouthed awe . int . hq tent - day Bell have come with the letter to captain bosche , the new company commander . they be alone . the reaction he get from bosche be astonish , even to he in he state of despair as he read , the Captain 's hand begin to shake until the letter rattles . his face become as white as a sheet of he own memo paper with a rage so great that it seem to bunch he hard round little face into a tight little ball . somehow bosche get command of himself again . capt . bosche you know , of course , that you do not have to accede to this request . ( more ) 192 . you wife €ay ptt . rascheigerted do separation without you official permission . ( as Bell nod ) something else . with a letter like this in you possession , you have the right to stop all allotment all payment , all government insurance policy . bell ( tiredly ) I want to give it to she . I want to ask you if you would draft a official letter from you for I , give she the permission . capt . bosche I do not understand . why do you want to do that ? bell well , I guess it 's just that what 's the point of be marry to a woman who do not want to be marry to you ? Captain bosche 's eye have narrow to slit , and with they he stare at Bell profoundly . capt . bosche well , there be all sort of attitude and opinion , I guess . that 's what make the world go round . you have get nothing to be ashamed of . bell will you draft the letter for I , sir ? capt . bosche I certainly will . Bell turn to go . capt . bosche oh , Bell ! ( hold out a sheaf of papers ) this come in yesterday , for you . I hold it up a little because I want to write my own endorsement . ( more ) 193 . I just though gapd .cibosghry adightdbe ' a good time to give it to you . it 's a order for a field commission appoint you a first Lieutenant of infantry . bell really ? capt . bosche really . I assume that you would want to accept it . I have already write my endorsement . bell can I think it over ? capt . bosche of course . take all the time you want . you have have several big thing today . and if you want to change you mind about that other matter that will be all right , too ... be strong . bell thank you , sir . ext . hq tent - day outside the tent , Bell have give doll the news . doll if you take it , they will post you somewhere else . no tell where you will end up . Bell go ? Bell too ? doll feel alone and afraid . bell means more money . the comp ’ny 's not the same any more . all this new man , half of they I do not know they name . be not the outfit that land on this island . feel all different . I mean , Dale , a ex - cook ! platoon sergeant ? doll yeah . thorne say he be come back . he never do . 194 . ext . hq area - day his duffel bag pack , Bell stand watch a melanesian woman . the next day he will be swear in and transfer . Storm , it turn out , be leave with he . he be glad to get out alive , and not the least bit guilty . as the jeep pull away , welsh send he a salute . doll sit alone at the other end of the bivouac . Bell have give he a address on a scrap of paper , but who know if they will ever see each other again or whether anything will be the same after this war ? he look around at the new , unfamiliar face . will this be he fate , to watch he friend leave he one by one ? ext . evacuation hospital - day welsh stand outside the hospital . he look at the ground a moment , then flip he cigarette away and go inside int . evacuation hospital - day welsh see fife and wander over to he bed . fife what be you do here , first ? welsh I have to bring somebody he gear . so you be finally makin ' it out , hunh , kid ? fife yeah . welsh when 's the ship leave ? fife Three day . welsh you be smart . get out while there 's still time . fife you know , first . I be thinkin’ . maybe I ought to stay . 195 . welsh you what ? fife well , yes . I mean , you know , I be gonna miss the comp’ny . and it 's -- it 's sort of like run out . in one way . fife do not want to leave this island a coward or a sneak . he expect to be admire for it ; instead welsh leer at he in silence , he mad eye gleam . welsh sure , kid , I think if you feel like that , you oughta come back . fife you think so ? I think I might slip out of here tonight maybe . welsh you should . ( then grin he slow , sly grin ) you want to know why I bust you -- out of the orderly room ? you think it be because we think you be not come back , do not you ? well , it be not . it be because you be such a lousy fuck bad clerk , I have to do it ! if he could , fife would hit he , he be so furious . he know he be not a bad clerk . but he be lie on he back and before he can get up welsh be go , down the aisle and out through the flap . fife you fuck bastard ! you be sick ! you feel sorry for yourself ! bastard ! the orderly rush down the aisle to calm he . silently , struggle not to , fife weep tear of rage and desperation . ext . airfield ( drumsara ) - dusk music enter as three day later fife board a cargo plane . no one from the company be present to see he off ; they be all far away , on the other side of the island . he bob like a cork in a sea of man he do not know . 196 . ext . airfield ( daintree ) - day Captain bosche address the assemble company . capt . bosche now I know you man be make and drink this goddamn swipe . that 's okay by I . any man in a outfit of mine can get as drunk as he want to every night , as long as he 's ready -- and in shape -- to make reveille and carry out any assignment he 's give . if he can not do that , he 's gonna have trouble , and from I . personal . ( a pause ) now I prefer to think of myself as a family man . and that 's what we all be here , whether we like it or not . a family . I be the father and -- I guess that make sergeant welsh here the mother . ( there be some laughter ) and whether you guy like it or not , that make all of you the child in this family . now a family can only have one head , and that 's the father . me. Father 's the head , and mother run it . that 's the way it 's gonna be here . if any of you guy want to see I about anything , anything at all , you will find I m available . on the other hand , I be gonna be busy makin 's a live for this family , so if it 's not important , maybe mother can handle it . that 's all , except for one more thing . we be into training now , as all of you know . you all know what kind of training it be , too . well , I be make this training just as tough on everybody as I possibly can . include I . so expect it . now that 's all -- except one more thing . it will be a long time before we get home . the war be not go to be over by next Christmas . we will probably have to circle the world , and you 11 probably go back by way of New York . so let 's stick together . ( more ) 197 . I want you cap tkn®osghh ( a@entlbdy as you guy back I up , I will back you up . all the way , and with anybody . with any outfit , and any army . japanese , american , or what have you . you can count on that ( pause again ) and now that 's really all ! the tough little guy have not smile once , even at he own joke . everybody like he . even welsh seem to like he . ext . hq area - day a week later sgt . welsh stand in front of the company , wear a full field pack . a young lieutenant sergeant welsh , we schedule transportation have be delay . the truck be divert to another unit . what do you suggest we do ? welsh we will go out the way we come , sir . the lieutenant nod , and they exchange a salute . welsh turn to face the man , stand in rank next to they equipment . voice first platoon , all present and account for ... second platoon , all present and account for ... etc . welsh all right -- move ! move ! ext . road to beach - day the man of C -for - Charlie march to the beach -- past a herd of cattle , past a melanesian woman who gaze at they from beside a stream . another company go by , head up toward the line . stalk of red ginger glow amid the strangler fig and vine . outside a leaf chapel , a group of melanesian be sing . the stream where Dale stoop to drink the bloody water flow clear again . some suggestion that in time the earth will cleanse itself . 198 . ext . cemetery - day they route lead they past the new cemetery . plodd along , gasp in the airless humidity , the cemetery look very green and cool to they . the area have be well drain , and blue-grass have be plant on it . quartermaster man move here and there , keep it up and tend it . Big sprinkler send they long gossamer jet swirl through the air above the cross . already grass rise from the grave mound . ext . beach ( wangetti ) lcis - day they arrive at the beach . lcis ply the water between the beach and the big ship that wait offshore to receive they . melanesian stevedore work among the stack of crate . a sailor stand on a oil drum , signal the ship with semaphore flag . the end