the theory of everything screenplay by Anthony mccarten shoot script November 2013 " I now predict that I be wrong . " Stephen hawking '' 2013 Anthony mccarten . all rights reserved . this screenplay be the property of ANTHONY mccarten ( " am " ) and be under exclusive option to working title film limite ( " wt " ) . distribution or disclosure of any information of whatever nature in whatever form relating to the character , story and the screenplay itself obtained from any source including without limitation this screenplay or information received from am or wt , to unauthorised person , or the sale , copying or reproduction of this screenplay in any form be strictly prohibited . this screenplay be intended to be read solely by wt employees and individual under contract to or individual permitted by am and wi . this screenplay contain confidential information and therefore be give for review on a strictly confidential basis . by reading this screenplay you agree to be bound by a duty of confidence to am and to wt , its parent and subsidiary companie . the theory of everything run open title over : int . empire room , buckingham palace - day ( late 1980 be ) two bespectacled eye . blink . alert. male. Middle -ag . reflected in he shiny glass - a woman , middle - age , ( jane hawking ) remove the glass from he nose . CUT to : the man 's Pov , as — - he vision go from focused to blurry as the glass be remove . - he blurry Pov of the woman 's hand polishing he glass with a cloth . - he blurry Pov then shift ( as she step aside ) onto a SMALL person in the distance jump up and down . - he blurry Pov of the glass then be replace on he nose , and - - with this , he vision come abruptly into focus , and the SMALL person be reveal to be -- a boy ( 10 ) play hopscotch in the red-carpeted corridor . - Beyond the boy , two red - coated equerries begin ( unceremoniously ) to prepare the hallway for a ceremony . they lay out pot - plant and drape velvet rope . one blow he nose . tight on : the eye behind the glass watch , he eye finally look downward ... as we hear a metallic clicking sound — " click , click , click ... " - angle on : he hand , which be click a clicker -plate ... - then on a computer monitor ( mount to the chair ) , word form out of a stream alphabet with each ' click ' . the man be at work , select letter , then whole word from a menu ..- make sentence by this mean . - other partial view ( ecus ) of this man in he wheelchair . we see ...a tuft of brown hair ... he hand on chair arm-rest ..- he feet on a wheelchair 's foot-rest ... jane 's hand arrange the brown hair ... adjust he thin arm ... but never do we see the full man , as - - the two equerries open two large ornate door and motion the party forward . ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : tight on : the man 's hand , push a toggle - stick controller , put the chair in motion , to the sound of a small electric motor . end open title - tight on : the wheel of the wheelchair , turn ... match CUT to : ext . cambridge street - day ( early -mid 1960 's ) ... the front wheel of stephen 's bicycle , spinning very very fast ... stephen hawking ( in he early 20 ) and he friend , brian ( same age ) , race each other recklessly through the narrow , winding lane . it look very dangerous . they be neck and neck . and they be loving it . stephen hawking , he face almost entirely cover with spectacle and floppy hair , slight of frame , a velvet jacket and velvet bow tie , eccentric-look . stephen be a fun - loving , playful , active , young student . brian , stephen 's best friend . more interested in life than study , as we shall see . ext . student party , cambridge - dusk stephen and brian arrive at the party , dismount at speed and , run to a walk , crash they bike into a hedge . brian win the race , raise arm aloft as - they enter the party . we follow they in ...( continuous shot ) int . student party , cambridge - night - continuous ... stephen and brian enter , and the camera finally follow they into the main room of the party . stephen and brian come to a halt in the doorway as they observe - - a crowded room engage in lively bubbly conversation . in the background suitably elegant music play . brian first to find a drink . stephen and brian make they way through the guest , look for the bar . brian eye the pretty girl he pass ... ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : brian ( cont 'd ) I be sure the secret of the universe have something to do with sex . there you go -- why do not you do you doctorate on that ? the physics of love . stephen more you field , I think . brian you would better decide on you subject . I be serious -- they ' 1ll boot you out . they reach the punch - BOWL . brian taste the punch with he finger , and unimpressed , fill two glass . CUT to : a young woman , jane wilde , ( 18 ) arrive at the door with she friend diana . diana be unimpress by the party . jane , shy , have she hair up in a fashionable bouffant roll . diana be more vivacious , and touch up she lipstick . diana scientist ! do not worry . we do not have to stay long . look mortifyingly dull . ( see a boy ) oh , hang on -- ( wave to the boy ) be right back , okay ? okay ? jane nod , as diana go over to greet the boy and then walk off together with he into the crowd . angle on : jane , maroon . CUT to : at the punch - BOWL , drink punch . stephen I apply for a job . brian do you ? stephen Civil service . brian well , it 's a back - up plan - - in you case not a bad idea . do they accept you ? ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : ( 2 ) angle on : stephen 's Pov of jane , stand across the room , now hold a wine -glass . stephen unfortunately , that I will never know . Morning of they exam , I ... ( smile ) brian - sleep in . well , thank Christ , the world have lose a promise pay - clerk . brian hold out a full punch glass for stephen but stephen still have he eye on jane . brian follow stephen 's gaze as - - stephen and jane 's eye meet . they hold this look , until she shyly look away . brian have observe this exchange . brian ( cont 'd ) ( latin ) quo est femella ? stephen I be go to ask you . brian actually -- I think she 's -- yes -- basil 's sister . wilde -- Jane wilde. ( Russian accent ) " so . you like for I I introduce ? '' stephen contemplate this , as we -— CUT to : diana change the record - to bop jazz . guest immediately take the dance-floor and start dancing . diana return to jane . diana that 's better . jane who be that guy ? diana ( look at Stephen ) oh . he 's strange , clever , go on Ban the bomb march . ( spying another boy ) oh , there 's David . come on . ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : ( 3 ) diana go over to david , but jane stay where she be . CUT to : brian walk off to talk to another girl , while - - stephen , leave alone , decide to slowly approach jane . jane have hardly touch she wine . stephen have a beer . they look around the room together , and then - stephen hello . jane hello . stephen Science ? jane Arts . more silence . they look elsewhere . jane ( cont 'd ) so what do you -? stephen cosmologist . I be a cosmologist . jane what 's a cosmologist ? stephen it 's a kind of religion - - for intelligent atheist . ( suspiciously ) you be not religious , be you ? jane C of E. Church of England . stephen ( simultaneously ) - England . ( smile cheekily ) I suppose someone have to be . jane be not sure whether to take offence . jane so -- what do cosmologist worship then ? ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : ( 4 ) stephen ( grin ) a single unify equation that explain everything in the universe . jane ( amused ) really ? so what 's the equation ? stephen smile . stephen that be the question . CUT to : the needle on the record player now drop onto a rolling stone record - " time be on our side " few people remain at the party now . the table be empty - the food be go . the punch bowl be drain dry . diana be still talk to david , laugh . angle on : jane , now listen intently to stephen . jane why do not you stay at Oxford ? stephen my final papers be such a shamble the examiner call I in for a ' Viva ' and I tell they - jane what 's a viva ? stephen a mildly terrifying face - to- face thingy . a interrogation . so I tell they that if they give I a 2nd class degree I would stay with they and do my research at Oxford , but if they give I the lst I need to get into Cambridge , then they would never have to see I again . jane they give you the lst . stephen they give I the lst . jane laugh . stephen grin - it 's a great grin , as - - diana approach . ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : ( 5 ) diana this party be officially decease ! come on -- I have fix you up a ride home . david and david 's handsome friend wait by the door . jane barely have time to speak before she be drag away by diana . jane well , I hope you find you equation . stephen stand there , forlorn . but then jane return , stuff something in he hand , and then run away . it 's a napkin . on it - a phone number . he stare at it , delighted , so much so that he tap one foot . int . seminar room / trinity hall / cambridge - day stephen read a chess book that lie on he lap out of sight under the table , while the professor , dr . dennis sciama , ( late 30 ) , with a wick smirk on he face , pass out a set of mathematical problem to brian , carter , ellis , rees and several other young physicist . sciama a little challenge for you all , as you embark on you separate doctoral journey - ( hand paper to stephen ) - whatever they may be , Mr hawking - stephen look up , wince , know he 's way behind schedule . sciama ( cont 'd ) something to sort -- the man from the boy -- the wheat from the chaff -- the meson from the pi-meson -- the quark from the quack -- ten question -- each more impregnable than the last . good luck . you will need it . shall we say , Friday 3 o'clock ? brian ( aside , gloomy , to stephen ) this be go to hospitalize I . stephen crumple the paper in he pocket and continue to read the chess book as he shuffles out of the tutorial . ext . quad / trinity hall / cambridge uni . - day brian run across the quad . the theory int . stephen' room / dorm , cambridge university brian knock , enter , find stephen asleep in brian oh come on , get up . how many have you get ? brian go to stephen 's desk , look through he answer . how many have you do ? stephen Morning , Brian . brian afternoon , Stephen . where be they ? where be you hide they ? you answer . stephen Brian , I have no idea what you be talk about . brian how many of sciama 's question have you do ? stephen none. brian you liar ! stephen I be go do they later . brian later ? you mean you have not even start ? beat . brian ( cont 'd ) Stephen , be you aware you have voluntarily embark on a phd in physics at one of the most prestigious college in England ? stephen yes . brian oh , good . think maybe you would sleep through the induction or something . brian start to leave of everything - day ( 1963 ) bed . papers to find ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : stephen ( to Brian at the door ) bri -? brian what ? stephen can you whip on some wagner ? brian sod off . brian exit , give up on he pal . stephen , hang -over , sit on he bed and yawn . he get out of bed and turn on he ancient tape -machine . wagner start to play , loudly . later . pour milk into a cup of tea , while listen to a tape recording of " the ring cycle " by wagner , and still in he pyjamas , the dishevel stephen dig out the question from a pile of trash on he desk . first he find all manner of chocolate wrapper , concert ticket , etc , until he finally settles down with a clean pad and a pencil . he look at the clock . it read -- 1:00 pm . he sigh and look out he window at teeming university life , as he ponder . he then start to write on a pad , rapidly , effortlessly , the calculation pour out of he , he write hand adroit and swift . distract , he then reach for he tea and clumsily knock the cup over . the tea wash over he only pad . he hurriedly wipe it off , but it 's too late . he look around for another pad , but to no avail . int . seminar room , trinity college - day the phd student be gather , minus stephen as sciama hand back the class answer . sciama ( pass paper ) John , this so illegible I be not quite sure how wrong it be -- I suspect very -- and Brian ... ( toss papers ) .-. that 's just -- baffling . stephen arrive late - sciama ( cont 'd ) Stephen , glad you could join we . ( continued ) the theory of everything 10 continued : stephen sorry . stephen set two train timetable on the table . other push the time -tables down the desk to sciama , who pick they up . sciama train timetable ? Stephen , this be totally unacceptable -- they expire a month ago . laughter . stephen sorry . it 's on the back . have a little accident . sciama turn they over and look at they . tight on : the timetable , then be fill with tiny formulas and calculation . sciama register grow amazement , then look up at stephen - stephen ( cont 'd ) I could only do nine . end on sciama and fellow student reaction - startle , speechless , everyone stare at stephen . sciama well ... I see ... well thank God . well do Stephen . brian ( silently mouth ) nine ? ext . river - day oar powerfully cut the water as a two - boat practice race unfold . the two crews be from the same club . pan down one boat : EIGHT large powerful rower , culminate in pete , dan , raff , brian and finally the thin , boyish , stephen , in the role of cox , face the rower , call out the stroke-rate use a coxswain 's loud-hailer . stephen full , give I twenty - one , drive ! - two , drive ! - Three , big leg ! - four , press ! - five , boom ! - hook , send ! - catch , big send ! - hold at 32 ! - Big leg , Brian ! - Big leg ! ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 11 continued : stephen ( cont 'd ) - stay long , Brian ! - stay long Brian !!!... brian ( exhaust , speak one word on each stroke ) you ! - complete ! - and ! - utter ! bastard ! int . pub on river - day rowdy table of graduate and undergraduate and rower , male and female . beer flow . play pinball be brian , rees , ellis and carter . stephen watch , drink a beer , distract . carter no , no , listen , listen , pay attention . a man enter a lift , want to go to the fiftieth floor but only get as far as the 46th . why ? brian ( exhaust ) erm - there be a naked girl in the lift . collective groan . brian be clipped around the ear . brian ( cont 'd ) hey -- it 's the close I will get to a unify theory , leave I alone . all then silently ponder the riddle . brian , deep in think himself , finally notice stephen , burst to provide the answer . brian act to silence stephen - brian ( cont 'd ) , ( raise a finger ) uh !!! ellis no -- we give up . no idea . stephen he be too short to reach the button for the fiftieth floor . stephen rise , triumphant , as the other groan . brian okay , I have get one . okay , okay -- a naked girl enter a lift - ( continued ) the theory of everything 12 continued : stephen , at the bar , open jane 's napkin . look at the number . stephen ( to barman ) do you have change for the pay - phone ? barman sure . the barman take stephen 's pound and glance at the napkin . barman ( cont 'd ) I would commit that number to memory if I be you . stephen smile - then glance at the mirror- back bar . reflected - a woman who look like jane . be he imagine this ? tight on : stephen 's face : we see jane 's reflection appear and disappear in the glass of he glass as she cross the room . the barman 's voice be distant ... barman ( cont 'd ) here you go ... stephen snap out of it - stare at the barman hold out change - a smile dawning . barman ( cont 'd ) Sir ? be you okay ? stephen uh - my napkin just walk in . CUT to : jane and diana and two other friend sit with two other young men at a table . she look reluctant and unhappy to be with they . as one young man pour they beer she hand she beer to someone else . and then - stephen ( cont 'd ) hi. stephen be not afraid to stand in front of this crowd of Girls and jock and stare straight at jane . the other fall silent and stare at stephen , but jane 's eye light up . jane hello . reaction : diana : not impressed . ( continued ) the theory of everything 13 continued : ( 2 ) stephen what 's the probability ? jane reasonably low . ( to other ) uh - this be - Stephen . he smile at she . the other look back and forth between jane and stephen . jane perk up , interested . stephen croquet . do you play croquet ? jane ( interested ) um . not recently . stephen Sunday morning ? jane I be actually busy Sunday morning . stephen oh . of course . ( point heaven - ward ) him . stephen turn and just walk away . jane be perplex , disappointed - stare at he , as do the other . int . corridor / department of applied mathematics and theoretical physics ( damtp ) , cambridge - day stephen approach sciama 's office , pluck up he courage , and knock - int . sciama' office / department of applied mathematics and theoretical physics ( damtp ) , cambridge - day sciama Stephen , come in . sit down . now -- we be all rather concerned -- about you choice of subject . what it 's go to be . stephen I can not decide . sciama any idea ? one of sciama 's pens sit precariously on the edge of the desk , and in shuffle papers , knock it off . ( continued ) the theory of everything 14 continued : the pen roll off the desk and fall on the floor in front of stephen . stephen stare at the pen as it come to a stop . stephen umm -- no. sciama study he , rise , take a big old key from the desk drawer . sciama come with I . int . cavendish lab , cambridge university - day sciama show stephen the famous lab . sciama this lab be where jj thomson discover the electron , where rutherford split the atom . one of the great reward of this job be that you never know from where the next great leap forward be go to come , or from whom . sciama take out a pen and write on a pad , tear it off and give it to stephen . sciama ( cont 'd ) next Friday . I be take a few graduate of merit to London , to attend a talk by the mathematician Roger penrose . come along if you be interested . ( exite ) oh , and close the door as you leave . sciama exit . stephen look around at the empty lab . he go to the blackboard , pick up a piece of chalk , look at the blank board , but then put the chalk back down and then begin to study , with rapt awe , the ancient laboratory equipment . ext . anglican church step - day stephen be now sit on a stone wall , wait as - - the wilde emerge , in the sunday finery . jane peel off from she family to talk to stephen . she be pleased to see he . jane so I gather you have never be to church ? ( continued ) the theory of everything 15 continued : stephen once upon a time . he smile wryly at this Fairy Tale reference . jane tempted to convert ? he think about this . stephen I have a problem with the whole celestial dictator premise . what be you do for lunch ? ma make a crack roast . int . dine room , hawking family home - day Sunday family lunch . a noisy , eccentric , bohemian atmosphere . stephen 's father , frank open he home -made wine . his sister philippa ( 17 ) pass the plate . mary ( 20 ) read a book . frank hawking and Jane ? what be you study ? jane Arts . Languages , poetry . I be think of do a phd eventually . frank hawking oh ? what in ? the hawking , impressed , nod approvingly at stephen . jane ( encourage ) medieval poetry of the iberian Peninsula . philippa snort back laughter , whilst the other hawking stare blankly at jane for a moment , before silently return to set the table . frank rescue the mood - frank hawking Arts . so , what painter do you like ? jane well , I like -- Turner ... frank hawking really ? Turner ? to I they all look as if they have be leave out in the rain . ( continued ) the theory of everything 16 continued : stephen laugh . jane shoot he a surprised look , as frank pour a glass of wine . jane and ... William blake . phillipa good heaven . surely not ! frank hawking ( to jane ) will you try my elderflower wine ? jane yes , please . stephen ( to jane ) do not touch it , do not touch it Jane . enter isobel , stephen 's mother , with a roast chicken . as frank pass wine , jane look nervously at stephen , who smile at she . frank pick up the carving knife and start to sharpen it . frank hawking Stephen do not like my homemade wine . philistine . ( to stephen ) if you do not watch out I will send you back with a couple of bottle . phillipa so Stephen , you have be to church with a good woman . be you feel holier than thou ? stephen positively saintly , thank you . jane ( to stephen ) you have never say why you do not believe in God . stephen a physicist can not allow he calculation to be muddle by a belief in a supernatural creator . stephen smile , pleased with himself , and he mother and father seem pleased with it too . jane notice - ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : ( 2 ) jane sound less of a argument against God than against physicist . jane 1 , stephen o . she eat she food . frank hawking ( impressed ) Light or dark ? ( re : the chicken ) Jane ? Light meat or dark ? jane er - light , please . stephen I will wing it . as usual . the old family punning game have begin . phillipa boooo . frank hawking how plucky of you . phillipa ohh , fowl play ! fowl play . stephen stop egging he on ! frank hawking it 's so nicely cocked . hawking laughter . ha! ha ! jane be bemuse . isobel ( sympathetic , to jane ) do not worry about they . they be pun mad . frank be about to place a slice of chicken breast on jane 's plate -— jane that 's okay - ( tentatively ) - the breast be yet to come . frank guffaw , as he plate she chicken . frank hawking ha ! marvelous ! very good . " the breast be yet to come ! " indeed it be ! well do . ( continued ) 17 the theory of everything 18 continued : ( 3 ) stephen oh ! - I be invite Jane to be my partner for the May Ball . it 's news to jane : shocked - but then pleased as he shoot she a quick look and mouth ... stephen ( cont 'd ) ( silently mouth ) will you ? she smile and nods , delighted . ext . wilde house - night stand by he parent 's car , stephen watch ( smitten ) as - - jane , in a gorgeous gown , walk down the path toward he . ext . country road - night to the blaring strain of wagner , the hawking car careen across the countryside . ext . gonville & caius college / may ball - night on the grand front lawn of the college , a fairy - tale party - light in the tree , a throng of gowned young women , and young men in black tie and tail , all sip champagne on the sequester croquet lawns , as if from a by-gone age . a bathtub be full of champagne bottle on ice . through this stephen and jane drift . int . gonville & caius college / may ball - night stephen and jane stand and watch the swirl couple on the dance - floor , sip punch . the may ball be now in full and magical swing , as couple float across the lawn before the great facade of the college . jane should we dance , do you think ? stephen oh , no , no . happy to observe the phenomenon -- but I can not possibly imagine participate . jane I absolutely agree . I mean , who would want to dance ? ( continued ) the theory of everything 19 continued : stephen no , I be quite serious . I do not dance . jane have a wistful look of disappointment . awkward silence . just then - a blue UV light come on . this cause great excitement on the dance - floor . all the other couple " ooh " and " ahh " and even more people take to the floor - not so , stephen and jane . stephen ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) do you see how the men' cuff and shirt -front , how they glow more than the dress ? jane ( smile , expectant ) yes ... stephen do you know why ? jane why ? stephen " tide . " jane the wash powder ? stephen the fluorescence in the wash powder be catch by the UV light . jane why do you know that ? stephen ( grin ) when star be bear and when they die , they emit UV radiation . so if we could see the night sky in ultraviolet light , almost all the star would disappear -- and all we would see would be this spectacular birth and death . and I reckon -- it would look a little - jane stare at the glow swirl people with stephen 's eye . jane - like that . ( continued ) the theory of everything 20 continued : ( 2 ) they watch , impressed , as - firework be suddenly hear , exploding loudly . ext . terrace / lawns / riverbank - g&c college - night ( 1963 ) montage : a ) a FIRE - work display - stephen and jane watch as sky - rocket light up the sky . B ) a carousel - jane and stephen ride the carousel . stephen watch jane , captivate by she happiness in this moment . C ) a champagne tent - jane select a flute of champagne and take a big sip , to the sound of a nearby 1920 's chicago jazz swing band . the gatsby -themed bar-staff be dress in 1920 's tuxedos and flapper-dresses . stephen so why ... ( pass champagne ) ..- why ... jane why ? stephen why medieval Spanish poetry ? jane survey the gay party , sip she champagne - jane ( happily ) I suppose I like to time travel . stephen and what particular time period do you visit ? jane take the champagne stephen have just choose and pour half of he into she glass . jane the twenties be always fun . stephen the roaring twenty ! cheer ! they clink glass and sip they champagne , laugh . stephen ( cont 'd ) so -- the 1920' . a good time for poetry be it ? ( continued ) the theory of everything 21 continued : jane " seek then / no learn / from Starry Men ! / who follow with optic Glass / the whirl Ways of star that pass . " stephen ouch . jane be it - they move off across the nearby dance -floor , and pass the jazz band en route to the lighted foot - bridge span a river under which lighted punt drift by . jane ( cont 'd ) - be it a good time for science ? stephen a smash time actually . spacetime be bear . jane spacetime ... stephen Space and time finally get together . people always think they be too dissimilar , could not possibly work out . but then along come Einstein , the ultimate match - maker , and decide that space and time , not only have a future , but have be marry all along . jane the perfect couple ! they arrive at the foot - bridge , with its view of the bridge of sigh . punt with catherine wheel be moor nearby . D ) foot -bridge . jane and stephen stop in the middle of the bridge . stephen look up at the star , bright , sparkling . jane do the same . stephen well that 's astonish , be not it ? silence , then - ( continued ) the theory of everything 22 continued : ( 2 ) jane ( seriously ) " in the beginning be the heaven and the earth , and the earth be without form , and darkness -- darkness be upon the face of the deep . " stephen , move , look at she . stephen would you dance with I ? he take she hand and start to dance with she to the music , and then tilt he head and kiss she . camera pull back to reveal the couple kissing on the footbridge , the punt float underneath , the night magical , the lovely slow jazz drift over the scene . ext . front door / wilde family house - day morning light on the wilde front door . jane , in bathrobe , open the door to get the milk . look down . pan down to - a BOX of " tide " washing powder . she pick it up - look around for stephen - smile , delighted - in love . ext . platform , cambridge train station - day sciama and stephen and physicist 1 , 2 and 3 arrive late on the platform . the train be already pull in . sciama , and the other three all run for it . but stephen be make he way up the step , not run - put on a brave face . when stephen arrive , just in time , the physicist 1 ,2,3 , pull stephen on to the train . int . moving train compartment - day as they whistle along , English countryside in the background . sciama study stephen then return he attention to he newspaper when he meet he eye . int . king college classroom - london - day roger penrose , mathematician , give a passionate talk before a small audience in a small room . the blackboard be cramme with calculation and diagram . roger penrose so what do we know ? let I rephrase that -- what do the equation tell we , finally ? ( continued ) the theory of everything 23 continued : he turn the blackboard over . a blank board . roger penrose ( cont 'd ) how about a simple diagram ? smile , small laughter from the audience . stephen look especially relieved . roger penrose ( cont 'd ) a star , more than three time the size of we sun ... he draw a circle on the board . roger penrose ( cont 'd ) .».- ought to end its life , how ? with a collapse , the gravitational force of the entire mass overcome the electromagnetic force of individual atom , and so collapse inwards . if the star be massive enough , it will continue this collapse , create a black hole - where the warping of spacetime be so great that nothing can escape ... not even light . it get ... he draw a smaller circle , inside the first . roger penrose ( cont 'd ) smaller , smaller ... a even smaller circle . roger penrose ( cont 'd ) the star , in fact , get denser as atom -- even subatomic particle -- get literally crush , smashed into smaller and smaller space . and at its end point what be we leave with ? he draw a point . roger penrose ( cont ’d ) a point . a spacetime singularity ... stephen be captivate . roger penrose ( cont 'd ) with extraordinary property ! infinite density . Space and time come to a stop . all of the know law of science -- they just stop work . ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 24 continued : ( 2 ) roger penrose ( cont 'd ) what I have just show be that this happen in every black hole . its really happen , out there . to real star -- and its happen right now ! stephen smile - see he future reveal . int . moving train compartment - night sciama and he student , return home . as he friend talk excitedly , stephen be silently stare down at the circulate coffee in front of he , into which he pour cream ... slowly , clockwise - the cream be spread outward by the circulate coffee until it look like a spiral galaxy . as he stare , deep in think , the spiral of cream pulse with light - he be have a epiphany here - a major insight ... ... and then time goe into reverse . as it do so , the cream change direction , go anti -clockwise now , the spiral once more return to its original central dollop , and then vanish . the coffee creamless . stephen look up ... stephen ( to sciama ) I wonder what would happen -- if -- I wonder what would happen -- sense he protege be on to something , perhaps even a small smile . sciama go on . if ? stephen if you apply penrose 's theory about black hole to -- the entire universe ? sciama stare at he . ext . riverbank , cambridge - sunset stephen excitedly expands on he new idea to a delighted , smiling jane as they walk side by side . ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything 25 stephen if --if--so--if --einstein be right , if -- general relativity be correct , then the universe be expand , yes ? — jane - alright - stephen - which mean - that -- if you reverse time , the universe would get smaller and smaller . so what if -- if I reverse the process all the way to see what happen at the beginning of time itself ? the universe , smaller and smaller , denser and denser , hotter and hotter as we approach its birth . wind back the clock ... jane grab he hand and begin to swirl he around . stephen ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? jane winding back the clock ! stephen ( laugh ) be that what you be do ? jane that 's what I be do . stephen well keep wind ! you have get quite a way to go . keep wind , Jane ! keep wind ... back to the beginning of time ... keep wind ... they spin faster and faster until they almost trip and only save themselves by clasp each other closely ... stephen ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly serious ) «.+- until you get - int . sciama' office / damtp , cambridge - day stephen at the blackboard make a dot on the blackboard . sciama a singularity . ( continued ) the theory of everything 26 continued : stephen a spacetime singularity . at the beginning of time . sciama stare at he . stephen smile . stephen ( cont 'd ) the universe bear from a black hole explode . sciama ( finally ) keep go . stephen keep go ? you mean go further back , Professor ? before the universe begin ? sciama keep go . develop the mathematics . stephen I do not know how . sciama take the key for the rutherford lab out of the drawer and hand it to he . int . rutherford lab lecture hall stephen write , inspire , formula on the famous blackboard . he stop , think , continue , then delete a bit , and write again , faster , faster , he mind racing , even as he finger begin to betray he , grow weaker , weaker ... ext . trinity hall , cambridge university - day the swirl of cambridge university life . don on bicycle . purposeful student . every building look like a stately home . stephen walk quickly and excitedly , with still chalky finger , across campus but then suddenly , trip - fall - fall hard . his head smash onto the hard pave stone . his glass fly off he face . he be unconscious immediately . student rush to he aid . montage : a ) x-ray department . stephen , he face graze and bruise , lie on a tilting bed as x-ray be take . ( continued ) the theory of everything 27 continued : B ) blood be take from he arm . C ) in a public ward , stephen , sit on the edge of a bed in a hospital smock , turn and look at a sick young man in the next bed , who look gravely ill . D ) dexterity test - Stephen struggle to bring he little finger to meet he thumb . Stephen , lie down , as the doctor violently jerk he knee up . Stephen lie prone in foetal postion as a doctor perform a lumbar puncture and extract fluid from he spine . stephen what be it ? what 's wrong with I ? E ) stephen lie in the public ward while the sick young man in the next bed be discover dead . nurse rush the sick young man away , as stephen watch . he be very move by this . F ) int . ward / hospital - day the doctor be dismissive and unsentimental . senior doctor it 's call motor neuron disease . stephen what 's that ? the doctor , despite he unsentimental nature , draw a deep breath . this be not the speech he want to make ... senior doctor it 's a progressive neurological disorder that destroy the cell in the brain that control essential muscle activity such as speak , walk -- breathe -- swallow . the signal that muscle must receive in order to move be disrupt , cut off . the result be -- gradual muscle decay , a waste away . eventually , the ability to control voluntary movement be -- lose --entirely . SHOCK set in as stephen watch other patient take exercise , stretch - walk . stephen be -- be - - be there a cure ? some --? be -- can you --? senior doctor improvement should not be expect . ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 28 continued : senior doctor ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) I be afraid average life expectancy be two year . stephen be rock to the core by this news - senior doctor ( cont ’d ) there 's nothing I can do for you , I be terribly sorry . silence . the senior doctor rise to go - stephen wait ! what about -- what about the brain ? senior doctor the brain be not affect . you thought will not change - - it 's just - stephen what ? senior doctor eventually -- no- one will know what they be . ( beat ) ever so sorry . the doctor walk away . reaction : stephen , devastate . frozen . people walk past he and he do not move , do not react . int . bathroom , trinity hall - day water drip in slow mo from a old tap . stephen lie in a bath , in a trance , knee draw up , hair wet , not move , in a state of SHOCK , as he stare at the dripping tap , until - - he eye be draw to he arm where he see a weird phenomenon - it 's call fasciculation - a visible throbbing that travel underneath the skin . int . college stair - well - day brian rush up the spiral stair , past the " bedder " - a woman who look after the student domestic need . brian ( to bedder ) be he up yet ? the theory of everything 29 int . stephen' dorm room / cambridge uni - day ( em60 be ) suddenly , a pound on he door , and then brian enter stephen 's room . wagner be play incredibly loudly on a old tape -deck . brian shut it off and look at - - stephen , in the corner , in he pyjamas , he matress now on the floor ( rather than on the high bunk as before ) leg draw up , read a book of chess . brian " welcome - - to this week 's episode of the Natural World , where we explain the extraordinary hibernation pattern of the rare Cambridge physicist - - see here in he wonderful plumage ... " silence . brian wait for stephen to speak . brian ( cont 'd ) so ? what do they say ? you wrist . what do they say ? stephen I have a disease , bri. brian ( whisper ) be it -- venereal , Stephen ? stephen no. motor neuron disease . Lou gehrig 's Disease . he be a baseball player . brian motor what ? sorry , I be lag behind in my pioneer work on rare automotive and baseball disease . come on , let 's go to the pub . brian try to pull stephen to he foot . stephen ( impassively ) I have two year to live . ( pause ) sound strange , do not it , when you say it out loud . brian what ? I -- I do not understand . it 's not possible ! it 's ridiculous ! ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 30 continued : brian ( cont 'd ) you be fine a couple of day ago . ( silence ) Steve ? you be fine . what do they say ...? stephen will you leave I Brian ? brian I be sorry , look , I be just be a berk ... I be so ... the bedder knock and enter . bedder Stephen ! phone for you ! it 's a girl . brian have no choice . he be badly shake by the news . brian right . ok . so -- see you soon , yeah ? stephen do he best to smile . Brian exit . bedder ( to stephen ) she 's wait . int . hallway , wilde family home - day jane on phone . jane Stephen ? hi. it 's I . ( click ! ) Stephen ? she hold the dead receiver in she hand . ext . trinity hall , cambridge university - day through the swirl of university life come - jane wilde . int . hallway / stephen' dorm room - day jane knock - get no answer . jane stephen ?! ( knock ) stephen ! the theory of everything 31 int . stephen be room / oxford university - day stephen , huddle against the door , refuse to answer it . ext . croquet lawn , cambridge - day jane walk past the empty lawn . int . pub on the river , cambridge - day full of undergraduate . jane enter , look around for stephen . can not see he . brian , seat with the other young physicist , spot she . brian Jane ! jane come up the young man . jane Brian - - have you see Stephen ? brian Jane , have a seat . jane sit . jane what be it ? brian I understand you see he . you know he be in hospital ... jane nod , as the camera pull back from the scene , leave brian ( sensitively ) to pass the terrible news to jane . int . combination room / trinity hall / cambridge - day jane walk in , see stephen , slump in a armchair watch tv in the common room . at a distance , jane stop , shocked . he look woebegone , depressed , physically reduce already . she summon up a cheerful demeanor , however , and advance . jane something educational ? stephen ( without look at she ) very . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything stephen ( cont 'd ) John be have a affair with martha . but martha be in love with Alan . and I think Alan be homosexual by the look of he shirt . I be try to work out the mathematical probability of happiness . jane be you close ? stephen it 's some integer of zero , but I be not there yet . jane stephen ? stephen you just miss he . he be here earlier . jane do not do this . stephen what ? jane cut I off . stephen go . jane teach I croquet . ( pause ) come on . teach I . ( pause ) what be this ? stephen I believe you poetry under - graduate type call it ... " a slough of despond . " jane if you do not get up and play a game with I I will not come back here again . ever . silence . he finally look at she . angrily he rise . and walk off ahead of she . she watch he . 32 the theory of everything ext . croquet lawn - jane aim , strike , hit a feeble shot . stephen my turn . stephen aim , hit he ball through the first hoop , then walk , as best he can , off toward he ball , use he mallet as a walking stick . with he second shot he hit she ball . he then pick up he ball , place it beside hers so that it touch , put he foot on he ball , then smack he ball hard with he mallet , blast she ball down to the next hoop . he proceed to play a master game that will not allow jane another shot , enlist she ball to advance he own from hoop to hoop , until - - he knock he ball and hit the finish peg . jane have be watch all this , she eye flooding with tear , until she can bear it no longer , and walk up to he and pick up he ball , stop the game . they stare into each other eye , until he can bear it no longer and he walk off ( as best he can ) back to he room . she watch he , then follow determinedly . int . stephen' dorm room / cambridge uni - day he enter angrily , slam the door behind he , then try to break a chair by throw it against the wall - just as jane enter . stephen go away . more knock . jane ( 0.s. ) stephen ? let I in . please . please let I in . int . hallway / stephen' dorm / cambridge uni - day stephen ( 0.s . ) go away ! jane be you go to talk about this or not ? silence . ( continued ) 33 the theory of everything 34 continued : stephen there 's nothing to say -- just ... ( go ) jane be that what you want ? stephen that 's what I want . I have not get time for you . so - if you care about I at all - go . jane move closer and closer to stephen during this whole interchange - almost trapping stephen , who be gallantly try to resist be take into she life . jane I can not . stephen I have get two year . I need to work . jane I can not . his eye widen . he can not believe he ear . he look at she . jane ( cont 'd ) I think -- I have fall in love with you . he can not speak now . this stun he . jane ( cont 'd ) I know . strange . inexplicable . stephen you have - - you have leapt to -- a false conclusion ... jane my chance be probably - ( shrug ) - well , some " integer of zero " , but I think we can make a go of this . I want we to be together , for as long as we have get . and if that 's not very long then - well , that 's just how it be . it will have to do . stephen you do not realise what 's come . it will affect everything . ( continued ) the theory of everything 35 continued : ( 2 ) she advance , and kiss he on the lip . he be still speechless . she stare into he eye , with love -- jane you glass be always dirty . she take they off , clean they on she dress . his heart be explode with joy and hope . she slip he glass gently back on he nose . jane ( cont 'd ) there . that 's better . be not it ? stephen ( powerfully move ) yes . it be . int . sciama' office , damtp / cambridge - day sciama be give a tutorial to four undergrad - sciama ... the solution to the schrodinger equation must vanish at the boundary of the box , so we have ... stephen enter - stephen ( cut he off ) time ! sciama time . that 's you subject ? any aspect of it , in particular ? stephen time . stephen exit . int . kitchen - hawking family home - night jane be seat , watch frank as he ominously shut the door . frank hawking you do not realize what lie ahead . his life be go to be very short . so. be careful . Science be against you . and it 's not go to be a fight , Jane . it 's go to be a very heavy defeat . for all of we . ( continued ) the theory of everything 36 continued : jane I know -- I know what you all think . that I do not look a terribly strong person . but I love he . and he love I . we be go to fight this illness -- all of we . ext . trinity hall - cambridge uni - day super-8 footage ( montage ) of - - stephen and jane be marry . they pose for they wedding photo , stephen in black suit , tie , lean on a single walking stick ; jane in white , happy , as - - flower petal drift down on they . super on blue sky : " two year later " ext . stephen & jane's house , little ST mary lane , cambridge - day super-8 footage ( montage ) of - - a small terrace house - a mini park outside . int . dine room / little ST mary lane - day super-8 footage ( montage ) of - - a one year -old baby ( ROBERT ) be set into stephen 's arm . he be delighted . int . lounge , little ST mary lane - day stephen slide on he back , down the stair , dress in a suit . he laugh at how ridiculous this be . jane be there to meet he , to help he to he foot , to straighten he bow -tie . both look nervous . tenderly , she touch he face . jane ready . good luck . be you sure I can not drive you ? stephen smile , gently shake he head . she give he he two walking stick . the theory of everything 37 int . cambridge cloister - day stephen walk with great difficulty up the hallway , use ( for the first time ) two walking stick . int . hallway , damtp - day stephen stop outside sciama 's office . knock with a stick . int . seminar room , trinity hall , cambridge - day sciama and roger penrose and a american , kip thorne , face stephen . sciama come in Stephen . stephen make he way slowly , laboriously , to stand in front of the three examiner . sciama ( cont 'd ) how be you ? stephen ( he speech have worsen ) Fine . sciama would you like to sit down ? stephen no thankyou . sciama so. chapter one --full of hole and lack mathematical support . ( to kip thorne ) Professor thorne ? kip thorne chapter two -- not really original -- use a lot of Roger 's idea . penrose well at least you run with they . chapter Three ? too many unanswer question . sciama but four ? silence . stephen wait , as the panel turn the page of he thesis . stephen grow worried . ( continued ) the theory of everything 38 continued : sciama ( cont 'd ) a black hole at the beginning of time . kip thorne a spacetime singularity ? sciama and penrose and kip thorne look at each other . stephen can not breath for the tension . sciama brilliant . it 's brilliant Stephen . so all that remain to be say be ... well do . or should I say , well do Doctor . and extraordinary theory . stephen thankyou . stephen sigh with relief , and smile . sciama so , what now ? stephen prove it . prove ... with a single equation , that time have a beginning . would not that be nice Professor ? one single elegant equation to explain everything ? sciama yes . it would . it would indeed . int . lounge , little ST mary lane - evening champagne be opened and poured . a celebrational dinner party , attend by jane , brian , ellis , rees , carter and two of they girlfriend . jane rise to give a toast . jane to Doctor - brian - who ? over laughter - jane to Doctor Stephen hawking . CUT to : ( continued ) the theory of everything 39 continued : brian hold forth on a funny story about he and Stephen , as he uncork a bottle of wine - brian what 's astonish be that for Stephen and I , " work " be the worst four- letter word , the worst . ( laughter ) Stephen probably average , what be it ? -- a hour a day you entire university career ? ( laughter ) unbelievable level of sloth ! as the conversation turn into a hubbub of chatter , stephen , smile , drop he fork . jane , in conversation now with one of the girlfriend , pick up the fork without barely look at stephen and put it back in front of he . stephen watch everybody talk , eat , drink , be wonderfully , effortlessly dextrous . frustrate , envious , and sadden , stephen watch closely then , before emotion break through , rise , grab he two walking stick and start to leave . jane ( concerned ) Stephen ? stephen I be sorry . everyone watch he go with concern . it 's a painful sight to see how hard it be for he to walk now . when he be go only a few second , the guest stop they chatter when they hear a huge thump . several man be about to rise to he aid when jane signal for everyone to remain in they place . everyone understand and settles again . int . hall , little ST mary lane - evening stephen try to pull himself up the stair by the spoke of the balustrade . it take he many second just to get up the first stair but we see he determination . int . lounge , little ST mary lane - evening the dinner guest be now eat dessert , and talk quietly . the theory of everything 40 int . hall , little ST mary lane - night stephen be only halfway up the stair , use he last heroic energy . finally , he stop , exhausted . hear something , he look up - the two year -old ROBERT have wake , and stand in he pajamas at the baby - gate at the top of the stair , look down at he father . stephen it 's okay Robert . for the first time - with he head rest on the step , and with he eye turn back to look through the baluster at the reflection in a dine room mirror of the dinner party ( he Pov : tilt at 90 degree ) tear fall out of he eye . a private moment of great despair . fade to black . int . kitchen , little ST mary lane - day jane and stephen sip tea . holding a cup be extremely difficult for he . a new tension exist between they . she watch he . finally - she get up , go into the kitchen and then return with ... a wheelchair . she set it before he . he stare at it . be this he future ? be it a aid , or a enemy ? she return to the kitchen to wash some dish while he stare at the chair ... eventually rise , turn , poise above it , and then fall with a crash into it . jane come back to he side , realise the momentousness of this moment . stephen this --is --temporary . jane of course . int . dine room , little ST mary lane - night jane come down the stair , in she nightie , dress for bed , carry pillow . the master bed now be erect in the little dine room , and stephen be propped up in it , smile , wait ...( stephen can no longer manage the stair-climb . ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 41 continued : stephen well , it 's convenient for breakfast ! she put a extra pillow behind he , then they look into each other 's face . stephen ( cont 'd ) thank you . jane ( playfully ) Excuse I , do you say something ? stephen I say -- thankyou . they smile at each other . they kiss ... int . post - natal ward - day a new - born baby be put into stephen 's lap for he to hold . int . dine room , little ST mary lane - night the new baby cry carry ( from upstair ) as jane help stephen on with he pyjama top . she struggle to pull it down over he head when the baby 's cry grow too urgent . stephen go Jane . jane one second . jane run out to go to the baby , run up the stair . stephen struggle to pull on the pyjama himself . CUT to : inside he pyjama . it 's dark . stephen , helpless . his eye be wide open , look through the grain in the fabric at the OPEN FIRE , burn in the fireplace . stephen jane ? silence . he wait ... the pin point of fire - light through the fabric , slowly morph into star and a night sky . this be what stephen be visualize . we see what he see -- ( continued ) the theory of everything 42 continued : the life of the universe in reverse ... star be pull back together , toward a single point , a singularity . as the singularity take shape , a dark circle form around it , rimmed by a glowing circular horizon . finally - a black hole have formed . a point in space , gobbling star , illuminated only at its edge ( event horizon ) by a ambient glow - a ring of light . the reverie end as jane ease the pyjama down over he head , return stephen back into the real world . he stare at he wife , awestruck . jane be you alright ? stephen ( breathless , stunne ) I have get a idea . I have get a idea Jane ! int . damtp , stair / tutorial room - day sciama run , in great excitement , past kip thorne . sciama kip ! he 's do it , kip ! he 's - kip thorne what be it ? sciama Stephen ! he 's change everything ! sciama run on , inform a mop janitor - sciama ( cont 'd ) ( to janitor ) Black hole be not black ! and they explode ! ( run off ) they explode !!... reaction : kip thorne , confusion . int . lobby , rutherford lab - day stephen be about to present he idea to the conference . he be surrounded by he peer . sciama all set ? stephen nod - nervous . ( continued ) the theory of everything 43 continued : sciama ( cont 'd ) you will do fine . at a distance - at a tea table - exclude , and look exhausted after a long night - jane sit near two cleaners in white , and overhear the female gossip about stephen 's condition . char 1 look at he . it 's awful , i not it ? he 's fall apart at the seam . jane react , say nothing but bite she lip and frown indignantly , as the cleaners walk away . jane then approach stephen , nervously . but when he look up at she , he eye be blazing with light and passion - this pull she out of she sadness . jane ( lovingly ) good luck ! he smile back at she , as the entry door to the hall open , and reveal a packed expectant room . it 's daunt ! sciama ready or not . sciama push stephen into the hall , as - - jane hurry to gather stephen 's note , he water - bottle , he blanket and she handbag , only just slip through the close door . int . lecture hall / rutherford lab / cambridge - day before he peer , stephen finish he address . sciama sit with JOHN taylor in the front row . jane sit toward the back . stephen ( slurring slightly ) .-- allow we to predict that some particle can in fact escape a black hole . Black hole be not black at all , but glow with heat radiation . Stony , sceptical face greet this outrageous idea . as stephen continue he speech , angle on sciama and taylor . sciama ( aside , to taylor ) he 's unify relativity - - plus quantum mechanic and thermodynamics . for the first time . ( continued ) the theory of everything 44 continued : JOHN taylor ( shake head , to sciama ) thermodynamics ? last use to describe the steam engine . during this exchange ( 0.s ) stephen have be say : stephen in other word -- the steady emission of heat energy cause black hole to slowly lose mass , they evaporate , eventually disappear in a spectacular explosion . so ... intercut this lecture scene ( as necessary ) with the following scene : int . pub on river , cambridge - night brian and rees , carter and ellis discuss stephen 's theory . brian no , no ! what he 's say be -- just as a hot body lose heat -- right ? - rees second law of thermodynamics . brian - that a black hole - brian dip a finger in the froth of rees 's Beer and draw a circle on the tabletop . rees - thanks - brian - that if it be losin article , then , then over time — int . lecture hall / rutherford lab / cambridge - day stephen - it must eventually disappear . no applause at all as stephen shuffles he note . jane look nervous . sciama also . the general reaction be guard . stephen ( cont 'd ) first a star vanish into a black hole , but then the black hole must itself -- vanish . the theory of everything 45 int . pub on river - cambridge - night brian go ! from nothing -- into nothing . rees you owe I another beer . carter I too . brian he 's just tell we that - ( eat rees 's crisp ) - time ! have a beginning ! he show we how - ellis ( get it ) - the universe be bear and how it will end . rees bang . brian crush the precious bag of crisp . brian crunch ! ( entrapture ) it 's beautiful ! it 's racy ! it 's totally , totally - smashcut to : int . lecture hall / rutherford lab / cambridge - day close on : the stoney face of the academic audience , all silent and unconvince . stephen on stage - look at this blank face . jane and sciama appear as nervous as JOHN taylor , who rise then to he foot ... JOHN taylor I be afraid -- this be complete nonsense . it 's preposterous . taylor drag a fellow colleague to he foot and walk out . stephen be it something I say ? sciama rise to he foot , to defend stephen -— ( continued ) the theory of everything 46 continued : sciama I - but then a big voice boom out - and stop taylor and co in they track . khalatnikov stop ! please . khalatnikov make he way to the stage , stop beside stephen . he address the audience gravely ... khalatnikov ( cont ’d ) my name -- be Professor khalatnikov , from Soviet Academy of Sciences . my field be evolution of the hot universe - - the property of microwave background radiation , and theory of the black hole . to be honest , I come here today expect to hear a lot of nonsense . I go home disappointed . ( pause , point ) the little one here , have do it . ( he smile ) he have do it ! applause finally begin , small , then grow large . khalatnikov ( cont ’d ) he !- have do it ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ya ya ! he have do it ! ( shake Stephen 's hand . ) he have do it ! reaction jane : relief . reaction stephen : the famous grin appear , as — stephen be swamp by well -wisher . the auditorium empty on to the stage , where stephen be surrounded . angle on : jane , alone suddenly in the auditorium , try to see stephen , as he be borne out of the room on a tide of fame . ext . cambridge street - night stephen be be push by brian over the cobble street while rees , carter and ellis cavort around they . they be in a party / celebratory mood , sing as they go . great fun . CUT to : at the base of a large flight of step , the young physicist all race each other up the step and disappear . brian be leave alone with stephen and the wheelchair . ( continued ) the theory of everything 47 continued : brian bastard ! brian lift stephen out of he chair . he 's heavy . brian ( cont 'd ) jeez !-- uhhhh !--how the hell do Jane manage ? he start to carry stephen up ...up...up ... stephen Big leg ! Big leg Brian ! brian so , tell I , this motor neuron Disease , do it effect , y'know ... stephen what ? brian everything . .? brian indicate ' down there 's . stephen different system . Automatic . brian that 's kinda wonderful , actually . and it explain a great deal about man . brian and stephen then disappear over the top of the step . after a few beat brian reappear and run down the step to reclaim the wheelchair . he pick it up and start up the step with it . CUT to : stephen , cradle in the giant arm of a seat marble statue !!! ( maybe Queen Victoria ) - cradle like a baby , wait for brian to return . int . university bookshop - day the shelve be be restock . the latest issue of " nature " magazine be set on the stand by a stockist . the cover read : '' hawking radiation " the theory of everything 48 ext . west road flat , cambridge - day close on : stephen . wait in he wheelchair on the front lawn . about 8 year have pass since we last see he . his physical deterioration be mark . his body be thin and powerless . his leg be bent and he face be slightly asymmetric . wide : beside he be stacked a mountain of family holiday luggage ( umbrella , beach ball , plastic cricket set , tent etc . ) in the background , the new west road flat - a large victorian house . the sign in front read " gonville and caius college " . on the lawn the child ( ROBERT , now 9 - and lucy , now 5 ) play with beach toy , until - - jane ( with a new haircut and fashion befit the late 1970 's ) yell - jane get in the car ! get ! in ! the car ! come on ! let 's go see gran and grandad ! the child obey , and jump into the now old mini park at the kerb , as - - jane confront the mountain of STUFF , include stephen , that must somehow be stow . no way . later - back and forth jane go between luggage and mini . stephen can only watch she load the stuff into the car and onto the roof -rack . finally - reveal the load mini - it look ridiculously burden ! jane take a deep , exhaust , breath , then turn back for stephen . he sit there in he wheelchair , look at she ... ROBERT and jane together , with great difficulty , get stephen into the front seat and shut the door . ROBERT struggle to collapse the wheelchair , until jane come and together they muscle it onto the roof -rack . ext . welsh cottage - wale - day frank & isobel hawking 's tumble - down welsh cottage high above on a steep hillside , only reach by a enormous flight of step . reaction jane : exasperation ! isobel descend to greet they , follow by frank . ( continued ) the theory of everything 49 continued : isobel be not it marvellous ? we can rent it every year ! jane yes . I see . but what about all the step , Frank ? frank hawking oh , it 's nothing . the climb be absolutely worth it . you get the luggage . frank back stephen ( in he wheelchair ) up the step , one at a time , while isobel run up ahead with the child , leave jane , alone , with all the luggage . reaction , jane : speechless in defeat , she sigh deeply . finally , she slowly start to unload the mini . ext . patio - welsh cottage - day tea and cake al fresco . the child play charade . frank be feed stphen , but he attention be on ... ROBERT , whose turn it be ... ROBERT act be cold , that it 's snow ... frank hawking oh --rain ? -- falling ? -- rain falling down ?-- shiver ?-- uhhhrrrrr --- isobel very cold ... stephen suffer a horrendous choking fit , which can not be staunched . stephen 's parent , and little ROBERT watch in horror , as jane try in vain to subdue it , bang he back roughly , loosen he tie . jane he need to see a doctor . this keep happen ! stephen no doctor ! frank hawking very well , no doctor . jane , stress , look ready to break -down , and turn away , hide she frailty , a little angry also at the lack of support . the theory of everything 50 ext . countryside - day jane walk slowly along path to the wood and sit down on a stone . head in hand . she weep . int . mini - travelling - day jane be drive they home . jane I need help . I keep -- I keep look for a way -- to make this work -- but I can not find it . stephen ( forcefully , but with a slur voice ) we be fine -- we're just a normal family . jane ( upset ) we're not a normal family !!! we be not a normal family . stephen ( turn to ROBERT ) Robert -- you mother 's very angry at me.t ( smile ) jane ( tearful ) thanks . int . master bedroom - west road flat / cambridge - day a worried jane cradle and sooth stephen to sleep . int . kitchen / hallway / west road flat / cambridge - day stephen in he old wheelchair be push from the kitchen by jane up to the door to the live room . she have a surprise for he . jane ready ? the door then burst open and it 's ROBERT and lucy aboard - a electric motorized wheelchair . ROBERT surprise ! look daddy look ! ( continued ) the theory of everything 51 continued : stephen stare as ROBERT make the chair turn by pull and push a toggle . jane it 's a electric wheelchair . we can take it back -- if you do not like it . stephen stare at it , unsure at first ... int . kitchen - west road flat / cambridge - night while make dinner , jane hear happy scream from the other end of the house . she go through to discover -- int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - night stephen , in he motorize wheelchair , chase ROBERT and lucy from room to room at full speed ! he look extremely thrilled with the chair as he smashes into furniture . jane , at the table , try to work on she thesis , try to smile . stephen motor away , chase the squealing child . jane wince as she hear - the sound ( 0.s. ) of a smashing vase . ext . trinity lane foot - bridge - day stephen happily motor at speed over the foot - bridge , grin . int . corridor , damtp , cambridge uni - day ( l70 - m80 be ) stephen be motor along with sciama . cambridge dons and student step aside to make way . sciama I do not get it . you have spend year assume Black hole exist -- you believe cygnus X - 1 will turn out to be the first black hole we can actually observe==and yet you bet kip thorne that it be not a black hole ? stephen ( slurring ) yes , a magazine subscription . sciama why would you bet against yourself ? ( pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 52 continued : sciama ( cont 'd ) a subscription to what ? nature magazine ? stephen pent-house . that way even if I be wrong , I still win ! sciama laugh heartily as - - stephen grin , at the same time spying - up ahead , two attractive under -graduate girl about to enter the lift . stephen hit the gas ! - and speed toward the lift ... sciama penthouse ? stephen speed toward the lift , whose door be ready to close . sciama wince in expectation of a horrible accident . wide : it look suicidal but the chair just fly through the gap in the last split second before the door close - the door shave the wheel , with a small spark . int . lift , damtp , g&c college - day stephen , in there with the two undergraduate girl , smile at they . int . live room , west road flat / cambridge - day jane pick up piece of a broken potted plant , dirt spill over the carpet , then violently vacuume as beryl come in with a tea-tray . beryl Jane -- Jane ? Jane ? Jane ! stop ! jane keep vacuuming . beryl pull the plug on the vacuum cleaner . jane stare at she mum . beryl ( cont 'd ) sit down . sit. beryl pour tea for the exhaust jane . jane sit . beryl ( cont 'd ) now -- I would like to make a suggestion -- it might sound unusual -- but I have see it work wonder . I think -- you should consider - ( beat ) - join the church choir . ( continued ) the theory of everything 53 continued : reaction jane : momentarily speechless - jane mum -- I think that be possibly the most English thing anyone have ever say . beryl maybe so . jane I use to love sing . beryl you be very good at it . jane I do not know about that . beryl go. ( pause ) it 's one hour a week . they sip tea in silence . int . church - evening ( late 7u' - mou' ) jane walk in - and up the aisle - as we hear choral music . jane take a pew , and then she eye widen slightly as she recognize the choir master . it 's the beard man from the supermarket car-park . she study he , as he gently instruct and then conduct the choir . CUT to : after the rehearsal , the choir file past jane . jonathan recognize she at once . jonathan oh , hello . jane hello . jonathan be you here to sing ? jane I um -- I just come to -- jonathan soprano ? soprano . jane I wish . ( continued ) the theory of everything 54 continued : jonathan mezzo ? jane ( point downward ) Alto . jonathan well -- just what we need . ( to last depart chorister ) " bye , kate. ( to jane ) where have you be hide ? jane good question . jonathan well , you be here now . and just in time . jane ( smile ) be i? jonathan yes . so tell I . ( squint , think ) chopin ! yes ? you repertoire . jane I would not call it a repertoire . brahm -- I know a little - jonathan brahm ! wonderful . perfect . we - jonathan get a idea , he move then stop ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) okay . which ...? jane well , I have sung - - " immer leiser . " jonathan ah ! " my sleep grow evermore peaceful . " come on . follow I . come on . let I hear you . come on . he set off up to the front of the church . she turn , smile , as he wave for she to follow he . she follow . the theory of everything 55 int . front area , church - evening at the front of the church she see that he be already sit at the piano . without sheet music he begin to play " immer leiser wird mein schlummer " ... jonathan ( over the music ) Jonathan . Jonathan hellyer Jones . she gingerly approach . jane Jane . Jane hawking . jonathan in C -sharp minor ? the introduction , so lovely . from the top ? jane now ? jonathan " live on the edge . " ( smile ) ready ? ( beat ) if you be not in the mood we could absolutely forget - jane no , no . no , no . just let I remember the lyric . in English . jonathan fabulous . jane okay . jonathan okay ? ( beat ) two , three ... jane ( sing ) my sleep grow ever quieter only my grief , like a veil , lie tremble over I . I often hear you in my dream call outside my door ... ( etc ) the theory of everything 56 ext . church - night jane and jonathan emerge from the church - jonathan lock the door . jonathan actually , no , I go for the Gospel of St. Mark . jane none of that wishy - washy do - gooder stuff -- Matthew , luke . jonathan exactly . with Mark you roll up you sleeve and get stick in . no stand on the sideline . they shake hand . jane stare into he face - realize she have find a friend . jane well I should be go . jonathan well meet . oh , and if you daughter would like that piano lesson . jane absolutely . my husband love music too . jonathan I could teach he as well . jane well , that 's a long story . ' night . ext . west road flat , cambridge - day stephen motor down the street , fast , and swing up the ramp in front of the door . he bang into the front door . then wait . he hear piano music - a lesson in progress . int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day as stephen and jane watch - jonathan give ROBERT ( 11 ) a piano lesson . jane smile at stephen , who remain cautious . the theory of everything 57 int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - night jonathan be eat dinner with jane and stephen . jane feed stephen a forkful of food . stephen chew slowly . stephen sneak glance at jonathan . jonathan shoot a smile at jane . she smile back in return . stephen catch sight of both this smile , and see the growing intimacy . jane Water . she exit . jonathan smile at stephen who be stare back at he . jonathan ( to stephen ) so - Stephen . er - Jane tell I ... jonathan pick up stephen 's fork , spear a cube of steak . jonathan ( cont ’d ) .+- you have a beautiful theorem that prove that ... jonathan offer up the steak , but stephen 's glare make he aware this be not welcome . he lower the fork again . jonathan ( cont ’d ) ... that -- that the universe have a beginning ? jane return with the a jug of water and glass on a tray . stephen ( testily , he slurring not easily understand ) that be my - phd thesis . jonathan look to jane for a translation . jonathan you ...? jane phd thesis . stephen my new project - disprove it . jonathan disprove it ? really ? ( as jane nod ) ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 58 continued : jonathan ( cont 'd ) you no longer believe in the creation ? stephen what one believe - - be irrelevant -- in physics . jane jonathan -.. be irrelevant -.. be irrelevant jane ... in physics . jonathan look to jane , hope he have not cause offence . jonathan oh , be that so ? jane ( annoyance show ) Stephen 's do a u-turn . the big new idea be that the universe have no boundary at all . no boundary , no beginning . no beginning - jonathan - no God ? really ? ( to stephen ) fascinating . because I would understand you would prove the need for a creator . my mistake . stephen no. mine . jonathan ( understanding this ) your . you mistake ? jonathan be surprised by this sharp reply . ( he also see that this matter be a cause of division between jane and stephen . ) jane Stephen be look for a single law that govern all the force in the universe . so God must die . jonathan why must God die ? I do not see . stephen do not react , so jane spear a pea on she fork , then pick up a second fork and spear a large boil potato with the other . ( continued ) the theory of everything 59 continued : ( 2 ) jane the two great pillar of physics be - ( the pea ) - quantum Theory , the law that govern the very small - - electron , particle so on -- and General relativity ... jonathan oh , yes - Einstein . jane ..- Einstein 's theory . ( the potato ) which govern the very large , planet and such -- but quantum - ( raise the pea ) and - ( raise the potato ) relativity ... jonathan they be -- different ? jane they do not remotely play by the same rule . pea be chaotic , and do not behave predictably at all - with she ' pea ' fork she stir some more peas on she plate - create ' chaos ' . jonathan unlike -- potato - jane which you can set you watch by . stephen ( smile ) very good . even stephen have begin to begrudgingly enjoy this , even as he start coughing . jane get up and go to pat stephen 's back over the follow : jane if the world be all potato , easy -- you could trace a precise beginning , as Stephen once do , a moment of creation . hallelujah , God life . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything 60 ( 3 ) jane ( cont 'd ) but if you want to incorporate peas into the menu , which Stephen now want to do , then it all go stephen tit up . jonathan look to jane for translation again - jonathan , jane tit up . haywire . become a godless mess . jonathan oh , dear . jane Einstein hate peas , quantum Theory . " God do not play dice with the universe " , he say . stephen seem he not only play dice - jane seem he not only play dice - stephen - he throw they - where we can not find they . ( smile ) jane - he throw they - jonathan - where we can not find they . how inconvenient ! jane Stephen 's swap he telescope ( un -spear the spud ) - for a microscope . ( eat the pea ) order for chaos -- hope to find a law to cover both . impressed , look at stephen . jonathan look for " the world in a grain of sand . " jane God be back on the endangered species list . ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything ( 4 ) jonathan I expect he will cope . stephen but physics -- be back in business . jane physics be back in business . Stephen think it a fair exchange . stephen ( to jane ) it 's the final -- challenge . we will know everything . jonathan the final challenge ? jane ( to jonathan , ignore stephen ) more wine ? jonathan decline , troubled by the tension between the couple . jonathan no , thank you . jane ( resign ) we will know everything . ext . garden / west road flat / cambridge - night under a starry sky - jonathan help stephen sip he coffee . stephen accept this now . jonathan it be leukaemia . come up on a year ago . she fight it , I nurse she , but in the end ... Music be my salvation . Teaching and play . I have struggle with loneliness , of course . tyranny of the empty room , all that . Music be a consolation , although my career ... well , I be not very ambitious . ( smile ) be that a sin ? stephen wrong guy to ask . 61 the theory of everything 62 int . hallway , west road flat , cambridge - night jonathan put on he jacket to go - jane and stephen see he off . jane thank you for come . jonathan no . thank you . it be wonderful . ( start to go , then stop ) and if -- if there be anything I can do . to be of service . to you , you family . I have no child , no commitment . if I could help you , I believe I would find a purpose that would alleviate my own situation . it would be a privilege . stephen look to jane for she reaction . jane sense emotional danger and , frighten , merely smile . jonathan ( cont ’d ) night then . he exit . jane shut the door . int . master bed. / west road flat / cambridge - night jane put pillow behind stephen , who now sleep almost upright in bed . she then take off she bathrobe and get into bed herself . stephen I understand you need more help . and if there be - someone - who be prepare to offer it - I will not object , as long - as long as you continue to love I . jane of course . for infinity . beside he in bed , she kiss he cheek and then lay she head on he frail chest . music up : bach prelude , as play by jonathan on piano , over - montage : a ) ( move to : position " G " in montage ) Al ) the cam river . a punt on a sunny day drift under the bridge of sigh - in the front of the punt , jane cradle stephen and ROBERT and lucy . jane smile at - ( continued ) the theory of everything 63 continued : - jonathan , who be poling they . he smile back at she . B ) hawking front room . jonathan play the bach prelude divinely on jane 's piano , as - jane , beside he on the piano stool , turn the page . stephen watch without jealousy and with enjoyment . C ) hawking bathroom . jonathan take stephen to the toilet . D ) when jonathan and jane pass each other in the kitchen , and jonathan quite naturally take she hand . jane , surprised , look at he . he smile at she . they first touch ! we can see that the temptation to act further on they feeling be now huge for both of they , but they do nothing . jane force herself to break away , hurry into the next room to be with stephen , the kid and a train set . jonathan be leave to deal with he feeling . he sigh , sublimate they , then return to he domestic . E ) brancaster beach . super-8 footage of they day at the beach ... stephen 's wheelchair sit on the sand at the water 's edge , he trousers roll up , water lap he naked foot . stephen helplessly watch from he wheelchair as jonathan engage in some playful rough and tumble with ROBERT and lucy , kick a football back and forth . jane watch on . jonathan cradle stephen as they sit there and look out to sea , both man carefree and happy , stephen accept of jonathan 's care now . they appear as friend now . int . church - night the choir sing a beautiful carol . the camera find jane - sing nervously - the only singer not looking at jonathan - she eye be glue on she hymn sheet . in denial . CUT to : after the rehearsal , the choir leave . jane and jonathan clear up the hymn sheet . she pass she pile to he . he put he hand on hers . she withdraw she hand . jane I have to tell you something . jonathan be anything the matter ? she look at he for the first time that evening - jane I be um -- I be pregnant . ( continued ) the theory of everything 64 continued : jonathan oh. ( wounded ) I see . I presume -- stupid really -- that you and Stephen ... ( courageously ) well , then ... ( awkwardly ) congratulation be in order . jane do it make a difference ? jonathan ( nobly ) of course not . he take she by the arm , and lead she out of the church . ext . garden - west road flat - cambridge - day everyone be gather for the christening party - stephen , jane , they parent , ROBERT , lucy . brian take photo of everyone . jane place the new baby ( timothy ) into stephen 's lap ( and carefully hold tim there as stephen can no longer hold a baby ) as - - jonathan take a photo of the moment . angle on : frank hawking , scowling at jonathan . ext . garden - west road flat - cambridge - day later . as the party continue , frank sit with stephen . frank glance at jonathan , who bring drink for the lady . he turn to he son . frank hawking I have always support you in you choice not to have home help , but now , you need a permanent solution . this -- this current ' situation ' can not go on . you need a proper live - in nurse immediately . stephen we have help . frank hawking you know what I be talk about . stephen glance at jonathan . ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything 65 stephen ( slur speech ) can not afford -- live - in nurse . frank hawking you can not afford to -- ( stop himself ) there must be a way . you need to find a way . for you family 's sake . you be world famous - stephen for black hole -- not rock concert . frank hawking I believe it 's urgent . int . kitchen / west road flat / cambridge - day isobel hawking follow jane into the kitchen . isobel you know very well what I be talk about . jane no . I do not . isobel we do have a right to know . we have a right to know , Jane . jane know what ?! isobel whose child timothy be . Stephen 's , or Jonathan 's ? jane , turn , wheeling on isobel , shocked . jane that 's what you think of I ? angle on jonathan , appear at the door , unseen by the women . he overhear the follow . jane ( cont 'd ) there be no way that timothy could have any other father than Stephen . none . and for the record -- I will never leave Stephen . jane turn - see that jonathan be stand in the doorway . jonathan exit ... the theory of everything 66 ext . west road flat - cambridge - day jane chase jonathan - stop he . jonathan I need to go . I can not ... jane please do not go . jonathan everyone 's talk . it 's - jane so . what do it matter ? jonathan well , there be other thing too . I - I - just - ( beat ) I have feeling for you . jane I have feeling for you , too . jonathan jane it 's - it 's difficult for I ! I know , I know . jonathan jane you have no - it 's so wonderful , for I , for the child . jonathan jane I have to go . I do not think I please , please - can — jonathan perhaps the right thing be for I to just -- step back . he walk off . reaction jane : distress . angle on : stephen , at the window , watch this - concerned . int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day jane do she daily nurse chore , among this apply hand lotion quickly to stephen 's hand - she do this routinely . ( this will contrast , later , with how Elaine apply the hand lotion . ) stephen I have just be invite - ( continued ) the theory of everything continued : jane invite ? where ? stephen geneva . jane geneva ? stephen student can accompany I . jane what student ? stephen I know how much you hate - jane you know how much I hate - stephen - to fly . jane nod , sense they be at a crossroad . she look away , on the verge of tear . jane to fly . yes . stephen I be think - that you and the child - jane - I and the child - - go on ? stephen could bring the car - jane - bring the car - stephen - meet I in bayreuth - jane bayreuth ? how can I manage that ? on my own ? stephen bring Jonathan . jane look up at he . her thought racing . 67 ( continued ) the theory of everything 68 continued : ( 2 ) both understand the significance of this . she look into he eye to establish if he be sure . the look he give she confirm this . jane I doubt he would be willing . int . church - night stephen motor up the church aisle with two bottle of Beer in a paper bag at he side go " clink , clink , clink " . jonathan clear up after a choir practice turn - stare at stephen . CUT to : front row of the pews . jonathan and stephen , side - by-side , stare at the altar . jonathan spot the Beer bottle in stephen 's lap . stephen be -- this okay ? jonathan well -- I will not tell if you do not . jonathan open the two Beer bottle , tuck he handkerchief under stephen 's chin , and then tip the beer into stephen 's mouth . jonathon not too much -- bear in mind you have to drive . stephen grin . the two man stare at the altar , aware of the significance of this moment . stephen sneak a glance at jonathan . and then - stephen Jane --need --help . jonathan sigh deeply . ext . west road flat , cambridge - day a young male student carer , load the last of stephen 's luggage into a taxi . stephen be already in the back of the taxi with sarah , a carer . jane supervise , worried . jane and please please remember , 5 milligram of riluzole before and after the flight . ( continued ) the theory of everything 69 continued : she then go to stephen 's open window . stephen ( jaunty ) see you - in bayreuth . jane Travel safely . she kiss he cheek . the male student and sarah get in the cab , which drive off . jane smile and wave till the cab have go . she slowly turn and re-enter she home . ext . back garden - west road flat - day jane , the two youngest child and jonathan play hide - and - seek in the college garden . jane forty-nine ... fifty . come ready or not ! jane search for the child ... she instead see - through the undergrowth - men 's shoe ! she rise . it 's jonathan stand there . they look into each other 's eye . what will they do now ? ext . french highway - day jonathan drive , ROBERT be in the passenger seat . jane be in the back seat with lucy - ( timothy be absent ) . jane and jonathan make eye-contact via the rear-view mirror . int . theatre , bayreuth - day before the show start , stephen in he wheelchair in the aisle , happy , as we hear the orchestra tuning . he be flanke by sarah and the male student . ext . german camp site - day they erect two tent . Jane and the kid one , Jonathan the other . ext . german camp site - night later - jane creep out of the tent in which lucy and tim be sleep . there be a third sleep bag in there - she own . jane then go to the adjoin tent - jonathan 's . ( continued ) the theory of everything 70 continued : jane pause for a moment , bite she lip , breathless , unable to make herself enter the tent . just then , jonathan unzip he tent and emerge . they lock eye on each other - a incredibly charge attraction between they . he reach for she hand . she be shaking . together they go into jonathan 's tent . end on : the zip be close again . int . theatre , bayreuth - night stephen cough a few time as he listen to the prelude of the ring cycle . he Pov of : the darkened stage , a black void , but for a burning ring at its centre . stephen begin to cough a little harder , then a little harder . the carer , sarah , at he side , finally take note and hold a white handkerchief up to he mouth . he suddenly cough blood ! int . theatre , bayreuth - later stephen 's Pov of the theatre ceiling as he be stretcher out of there . ext . phonebox - german campsite - morning jane stand in a phonebox , then slam down the phone and rush back to the campsite in panic . ext . autobahn - night the volvo drive through the night . take a exit mark " geneva " . int . intensive care unit / geneva hospital - day stephen lie quiet and still , he eye close . jane look down on he . she have guilty tear in she eye . the swiss doctor enter , speak with jane ... tout en francais ... with english subtltles . swiss doctor ( in french ) he have pneumonia . he be on a life - support machine . I be not certain how long he will live . ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 71 continued : swiss doctor ( cont 'd ) I need to know whether my staff should disconnect the ventilator ? jane switch to english - jane ( in english ) what be you talk about ? swiss doctor ( in english ) if we try to bring he round from the anaesthetic it be not sure he will survive resuscitation . jane Stephen must live ! you have to bring he round from the anaesthetic ! swiss doctor be you sure this be what you want ? the only way of wean he off the ventilator would be to give he a tracheotomy , a hole in the neck , by-pass the throat . he will never speak again . jane stare at he - deeply upset but finally manage to say - jane there 's no question . Stephen must live . I will see he get everything he need . I will have he transfer back to Cambridge . swiss doctor he may not survive the journey . jane look pale and weaker than we have ever see she . ext . airport , geneva - day on the tarmac , the two hawking child be lead toward a BA flight ( in the far distance ) by a AIR -hostess . meanwhile , a small AIR -rescue plane nearby await jane and stephen . stephen be just then be load on board . jane turn and face jonathan . a private moment . her look of sadness speak volume . he nods - he know . jonathan I will step back . ( continued ) the theory of everything 72 continued : she nods , sadly . her eye start to well up . his too . it 's a break -up . turn to look back to the plane ... jane drive - - safely , yes ? do you get everything in the car ? his chair , equipment ... jonathan nod . she kiss he on the cheek and he press he cheek against hers . they both hold onto each other for a moment , know it 's they final embrace , and then she hurry , tearfully , toward the waiting plane , leave he stand there . int . observation room / surgical theatre / addenbrooke - day jane , be gown for theatre . with a english doctor she watch the op through a window . english doctor it will take a miracle . angle on : jane 's Pov - of the surgeon pick up a marker - pen ... int . surgical theatre / addenbrooke hosp . - day ... a surgeon prepare to perform a tracheotomy on stephen - mark the spot on he neck with the marker pen , and then pick up the scalpel ... about to make the incision ... int . observation room / addenbrooke - day reaction jane : as - she wince , then gasp in horror . int . recovery room - addenbrooke hospital - day stephen open he eye , look around he . he be alone . he open he mouth to speak . we hear only a slow exhale of air , through the off-screen tracheotomy hole . he panic , and have to be soothed by a nurse . int . recovery room , addenbrooke hospital - day later . stephen be turn on he side , he back to camera . jane enter . approach . angle on : her Pov of stephen as she approach , revealing the side of he face , and then finally , he neck with the tracheotomy hole . ( continued ) the theory of everything 73 continued : she can not help it . her hand jump up to cover she mouth as she gasp . int . day - room - addenbrooke hospital - day recuperate in he chair in the sun , stare out of the window at - a bird perched which alight a branch . stephen have never look more depressed . or alone . there be a plastic flange over the tracheotomy hole . angle on the finger of he right hand , rest on the arm of the wheelchair . this , at least , can still move . jane ( 0.s. ) Stephen ? jane move into stephen 's limited Pov - hold a clear plastic screen - a e-tran " spelling " board , on which 6 group of character be arrange . jane ( cont 'd ) this be a spell board . first , you tell I what letter you want by blink when I say the colour of the group that contain that letter . once I know the group , you can choose the character inside that group by blink again when I go through the colour of each letter in that group . apparently . okay ? let 's just try . stephen say nothing . jane ( cont 'd ) so ... Green , yellow , Blue , White , Black , Red . ( silence ) blink to choose the group that contain the letter you want ? Green ? yellow ? Blue ? White ? Black ? Red ? as jane 's eye fill with tear ... stephen just keep look at she ... then tries to speak . his mouth move ... but nothing - nothing ever again ! - will ever come out ! it 's a heart - break moment -- for both of they -- and when tear appear in he eye , she can not stop she own tear from fall . the theory of everything 74 int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day stephen gloomily read a newspaper with the help of a reading frame , when — jane enter . jane she 's here . okay . promise not to eat she alive ... enter : elaine mason . she be attractive . exit : jane , touch elaine supportively on the shoulder . elaine so then - Professor . how be you ? my name be Elaine . I be go to be you nurse , would you like that ? no ? well - we will work it out . he stare at she , as - - elaine go and get a chair , take a interest in she , until - - elaine turn and catch he look at she . swiftly , stephen turn he eye back to the newspaper . elaine look at he a moment longer , surprise to see that stephen be not unlike any other man in this regard . a faint smile appear . she sit in front of he . elaine ( cont 'd ) so then ... int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day elaine hold the e-tran board and write down a letter , then look up at stephen - see through the clear perspex immediately what group he be look at . she do not have to call out the colour - know they . ( see she Pov of he through the board so we establish the eye-line principle . ) she be brilliant at this . stephen 's eye flick from group to group , no blinking go on . elaine ( rapidly ) Red group -- yellow letter . T. Green group -- Black letter . E. Green -- green. a....t.e.a. tea . ( smile ) you be good . you want tea . what type of tea ? ( continued ) the theory of everything 75 continued : they look at each other . and then she have a idea . she put down the board . they look at each other ... elaine ( cont 'd ) you have memorise the board . of course you have . what kind of tea ? blink when I say the group that have the letter you want . Green , yellow , Blue , White , Black , Red ... ( beat ) I have not get all day . Green - ( he blink ) Green group . and the letter in that group ? you know they colour , I know you do . Green , yellow - he blink . she have memorised the board too - elaine ( cont 'd ) yellow ? Green , yellow -- that 's B. a breakthrough . they be both expert . elaine ( cont 'd ) a tea beginning with b? builder 's tea ! right ? he grins . she smile . she go to get he some tea . int . hallway / west road flat / cambridge - day elaine , smile , enter hall ( from the live room ) and bump into jane , who have just arrive home with groceries . they stop in front of each other . elaine ( chuckle ) I think he 's the most brilliant man I have ever meet . you be very lucky . jane thank you . elaine you must worship the ground beneath he - jane - wheel . jane can not fail to see how enthralled elaine be . elaine and he 's the perfect patient . look after he be so much easier than other patient I have have . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything 76 elaine ( cont 'd ) and sooo funny , oh my God . when you read about he people do not tell you - jane ( cut she off ) you only do two shift a week , Elaine . int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day stephen sit in the armchair , propped up by cushion , while a technician bolt the new computer screen onto stephen 's wheelchair . jane watch . technician almost there ! jane how do it work ? technician a guy call Walt woltosz invent the software . use a very simple interface that scan through the alphabet and allow each letter to be select one by one . use this technique , the Professor can expect to write at about four word per minute . elaine enter -— jane ( after initial dismay ) better than one a minute . technician what I have do be -- use component from a telephone answer system actually -- to convert the write text into synthesize speech . the voice sound a bit robotic , but ... ( it 's ready ) okay . shall we give it a try ? CUT to : jane and elaine hoist stephen into the new chair . technician ( cont 'd ) there we go. ( grandly ) welcome to the future ! ( continued ) the theory of everything 77 continued : the technician set a pressure - sensitive ' clicker ' in stephen 's hand . the screen suddenly flood with computer code . reflected in the glass be the wide - eyed face of stephen . jane and elaine sit on the couch together watch - the technician demonstrate - build a sentence for stephen , select one letter at a time . stephen be all concentration , observe how it be do . technician ( cont 'd ) all set . then you just click " play ' , like this - stephen look back at the screen , then click once . the computer come to life and say stephen 's first word in month . stephen ( electronic voice , strong american accent ) my--name--1s--stee--ven--hawking . stephen stare at jane - incredulous . jane stare back at stephen - horrify . jane it 's american ! oh , my goodness . ( to technician ) be there any other voice ? technician that 's all they have at the moment . be that a problem ? elaine I think it 's great ! stephen look bewilder . int . master bed. / west road flat / cambridge - night in a quiet moment , stephen sit alone , try out the new device . his face show sadness , bleakness . his eye move back to the computer screen . his finger click -click -click on the monitor . and finally we hear - he sadly move homage ( to " 2001 : a Space odyssey " ) . stephen Daisy . Daisy . ( beat ) give I you answer do. finally - he smile . he have cheer himself up . the theory of everything 78 int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day stephen motor through the house , as we hear - stephen frankly my dear , I do not give a damn . int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day through the OPEN door into the live room we hear timothy squealing with joyous delight , then see he run out - as tim pass out of shot we hear then see stephen slowly motor out of the live room , chase he , with - - a large brown paper grocery bag over he head ( two eye - hole cut in it , a smile drawn over the mouth ) as stephen 's voice - synthesizer loudly proclaim the dalek war-cry from doctor who as stephen chase he son around : stephen ex-terminate ..! ex - terminate ..! ex - terminate ..! int . live room / west road / cambridge - night jane approach as stephen write , click , click , click . his eye turn to she as she hear : stephen I will write . a book. jane at four word a minute ? about what ? stephen click . she move to look at he screen . tight on screen as he select : T IM E. jane ( cont 'd ) time . stephen time ... she smile at he . montage : a ) the hand on a clock turn very quickly , time run fast . B ) stephen motor down the cloister of he college . ( continued ) the theory of everything 79 continued : stephen ( v.o. ) what be the nature of time ? C ) his palsied right hand click the clicker , as he work at home at night . stephen ( v.o. ) will it ever come to a end ? D ) a printer print out the text we hear in v/o - stephen ( v.o. ) can we go back in time ? E ) he work in office at damptp . stephen ( v.o. ) some day this answer may seem as obvious to we as the earth orbit the sun , or perhaps as ridiculous as a tower of tortoise . he smile . F ) he motor by the college at sunset . stephen only time , whatever that may be , will tell . int . damtp , cambridge - night elaine open he letter , and look at he . stephen work on he book - it 's slow laborious work . click , click , click ... elaine pick up , from the mail , a sealed copy of penthouse magazine ( address to : " kip thorne c/ - prof.s.hawking " ) . elaine ( surprised ) Professor ? stephen look over at she - see the magazine , that elaine , smile , be start to unwrap . he urgently type a voice message - click , click , click - but he be not fast enough - she have open it . too late he click " play " stephen it be for a friend . elaine ' course it be . that 's what they all say . ( continued ) the theory of everything 80 continued : she surprise he by crossing the room and open the page of the magazine for he . elaine ( cont 'd ) you do not have to be embarrassed around I , Professor . I know what man be like . surprised , stephen find himself with the penthouse open before he . he look at the magazine , then at elaine , then at the magazine . just then - office door open . enter , sciama . he stop when he see the magazine . sciama oh. I be sorry . he exit , blush . stephen grin . elaine burst out laugh . elaine next one ? he smile at she - fall in love with she . she detect this , happily . elaine ( cont 'd ) what ? int . west road flat / cambridge - night stephen , alone , continue to write , one painstake word at a time . int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day jane , exhaust , rub she eye as she proof -read stephen 's text , like the old day . she pause , look up , into the next room , at — - elaine laugh at something the grin stephen have say . jane resume work on stephen 's book . int . damtp , cambridge - day stephen still work - click , click , click ... tight on screen : " a history of time " he ponder this . then have a idea . click , click , click . he insert " brief " into the title . he stare at the screen . the theory of everything 81 int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day title page be spat out of printer : " a brief history of time . " while read the last page manuscript for he book , jane stop and be stunne by something she read . she rise , and rush - with the last page - into the next room where - int . master bed. / west road flat / cambridge - day close on : a photo of stephen and a marilyn monroe look - a - like , hang on the wall . stephen ( 0.s. ) so I say - I have long be look for a model of the universe . I finally find she . beside the photo , elaine finish shaving stephen - then step away to pick up some hand lotion . she inadvertently show he some leg . stephen notice . elaine laugh , and start to massage lotion , almost lovingly , into he hand . jane announce she presence . jane Elaine ? can we - ? elaine come over to jane , still chuckle . jane ( cont 'd ) would you mind if I speak with Stephen alone for a moment ? elaine we be not quite finish -- can you come back in ten minute ? reaction jane : slightly ruffle feather . she exit . int . master bed. / west road flat / cambridge - day jane walk in , hold a page from the manuscript . stephen be ' type ' a message . jane ( read ) '' who be we ? why be we here ? if we ever learn this , it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason , for then we would know the mind of God . " ( to he ) ' GOD ' ? do you really mean this ? ( continued ) the theory of everything 82 continued : stephen type he reply . stephen yes. ( type ) of course . jane so you be acknowledge he ? but as he continue to click , feverishly , she excitedly exit , before he can add another word . he try to generate the next word before she disappear but he be alone again by the time he computer belatedly spit out - stephen however -— he sag , frustrated that he be not fast enough to set she straight - but then she come back in - jane do you just say something ? stephen decide not to respond . jane ( cont 'd ) so you be actually go to let I have this moment . stephen click -click -click , then - stephen you - be - welcome . she smile . she kiss he on the cheek , and then as she start to leave - - on he screen - stephen select the message he be write earlier ... click " play . " we hear - stephen ( cont 'd ) e-laine have offer to travel with I to a-merica . she will look after I . jane ( immensely hurt ) will she ? stephen do not worry . he click " stop " . she nod , sadly . he smile , sweetly . both accept what be happen , but sadly . ( continued ) the theory of everything 83 continued : ( 2 ) jane America ? ( beat ) you always use to tell I when a invitation come in . click ' play . ' stephen ( the old grin ) a- nother a-ward . what can you do ? jane smile , warmly . stephen write . stephen ( cont 'd ) everything will be okay . she try to smile . stephen ( cont 'd ) how many year ? stephen write . she wait . his eye flick between he screen and she . jane they say - two . we have have so many . the look in he eye be he eloquent reply . emotion overcome jane . can this really be how it end ? it 's so sad and bizarre and they both realise it in this moment . she try to hide she tear by walk away from he and turn she back , hide she face . stephen watch she , as aware of the enormous significance of this moment as she - then slowly - slowly - motor toward she . he stop just behind she , then nudge she leg , ever so gently , with he own lifeless foot , the way a pony will nudge its familiar rider . he click " play " stephen be. happy . she turn back , crouch , come down to he level - right in front of he , eye to eye - jane I have love you . ( beat ) I do my best . ( continued ) the theory of everything 84 continued : ( 3 ) as tear form in he own eye , he blink once at she - the only form of communication that feel right in that moment , and she understand all that it mean . she smile through she tear as she smooths he hair . finally - word be not need . int . west road flat - day two mover pack stephen 's prine and medal , lift they from the sideboard , as - jane watch , hide she emotion . ext . bookshop - day the window be dominate by a single display for stephen 's book - a brief History of time . int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day close on : the sunday time newspaper . the best -seller list . ecu on : a brief history of time , at number 1 . week : 8 wide . jane and she mother , beryl , at the dining table , the paper spread out before they . beryl remarkable . how be he ? jane he want to marry she . beryl do not blame yourself . we be proud of you . jane be touch . jane I be try hard not to think of this as a failure . beryl but it be not a failure . jane but it feel like it ! it feel like it , mum. ( beat ) be it inevitable ? beryl do not know what to say . yes it be . ( continued ) continued : the theory of everything 85 beryl perhaps too many people be draw in ? ( silence ) what will Stephen do next ? jane ( shrug ) he 's go back to look for he Theory of everything , he single equation . well , it 'il have to explain human relationship too . beryl ponder this : jane ( cont 'd ) it 's go to have to be a wonderful piece of mathematics . ( ponder ) all the accident ... beryl all the unexpected force ... attraction ... jane look at she mother quickly - " attraction " ? beryl ( cont 'd ) ( wistful , dreamy ) a attract B -- jane and vice versa . beryl of course . jane then add time - adversity - beryl yes . adversity over time -- jane - until the situation become unstable , heat up . beryl bang ! jane and the whole thing start over . Whole new galaxy . beryl gently grab jane 's wrist - ( continued ) the theory of everything 86 continued : ( 2 ) beryl darling , I think we have crack it . shall we phone the Nobel committee now or shall we have another cup of tea first ? jane , wipe she eye , smile sadly . ext . church - day the church in winter - a dusting of snow on everything . to the sound of organ , singing choir and congregation , the front door open , and the vicar appear to shake the hand of the first depart church - goer . int . church - day the service be over . the congregation depart , revealing - - jane in she seat , still read a prayer book , as - - jonathan walk up the nave , toward she , chat with the depart chorister . it seem that he have not notice jane and he pass close by , seemingly without see she . she avert she eye . then suddenly she feel a hand brush she shoulder . when she turn to look , jonathan have walk past , and be still avidly talk to the chorister , head for the main door . jane , with a beat heart , turn forward again and hear - - the front door of the church close . she be alone . she start to cry in the empty church - think she have lose he forever , but then -- -- she hear soft piano music . she turn . yes , music be come from above . she rise , and move toward the sound . int . front of church - day ( late 1970 be - mid 1980 be ) jane slowly walk toward the SOUND of the piano , which slowly grow louder , louder , until - - with a pound heart , she discover jonathan , at the piano , gently play he beloved bach . only eventually do he raise he eye and smile at she , a smile which express he hope that she would come to he . she smile back , she heart ready to burst . the theory of everything 87 int . hallway / cockcroft lecture room / cambridge university - day ( late 1980 be ) stephen , accompany by elaine , motor down the hallway / lobby toward - - fan and PRESS , wait at the doorway to the auditorium . some fan , autograph hunter , hold copy of " brief history " for stephen to sign . other just want to take photo . the general impression ? stephen be now a rock STAR . after a male fan get he photo take with stephen - a female fan ( at the head of a sudden queue of fan bear copy of " brief history " ) hold out a pen to stephen ... female fan Professor ? could you please sign a copy for I ? elaine , gesture for stephen to give he standard reply . he mouse - click once . stephen I can not sign copy of my book -- but if you like -- I could drive over it . the fan all laugh and all say " yes , yes , yes ! " int . cockcroft lecture room / cambridge university - day audience applause , continue over - a cu on the blackboard of the word : '' time . '' wide : a pack lecture hall . angle on : elaine , watch from the side of the stage . angle on : sciama and a colleague . sciama now step forward , to applause . sciama thankyou . I first meet -- the Professor - - be it really 1963 ? time - - where do it go ? back then , he be kind of annoying . ( laughter ) he know thing that he woeful work ethic should not have allow he to know . ( laughter ) ( more ) ( continued ) the theory of everything 88 continued : sciama ( cont 'd ) but it 's be -- really -- one of the great joy of my life to watch this man defy every expectation , both scientific and personal . so it 's with no small pride that I ask he to return to the stage once more , to continue to do what he have always do - answer you question . my most irritate student , my esteem colleague , my good friend -- Professor hawking . as stephen motor onto the stage , to applause - sciama ( cont 'd ) the first pre-select question , please ! guest 1 , stand and read she question from a slip of paper . ( all the questioner will do the same . ) guest 1 how have you be able to deal with all the physical challenge you face ? stephen stare at the audience , who wait awkwardly for a reply . it 's as if stephen wish to speak with he own voice , and be struggle to do so . in failure he eye turn sadly to he screen , and then click the pad in he hand . we hear : stephen can you hear I ? ( audience laughter ) there be some thing I cannot do . but . they be mostly the thing I do not particularly want to do anyway . guest 2 now you be recognize everywhere , how do you deal with all the attention ? stephen I be stop recently by a tourist in Cambridge who ask if I be ' the real Stephen hawking . ' I reply that I be not , and say the real one be -- much better look . laughter . stephen ( cont 'd ) he believe I . ( continued ) the theory of everything 89 continued : ( 2 ) even bigger laugh . applause . guest 3 in 1979 you talk about the possibility of a theory of everything be discover before the end of the century . stephen I now predict -- that I be wrong . laughter . guest 4 be time Travel possible ? laughter . stephen I have experimental evidence that time Travel be not possible . I give a party for time - traveller but no - one come . laughter . as guest 5 rise and start to speak , the volume go down on this question ... guest 5 Professor hawking , you have say you do not believe in God ... close on stephen , slip into a reverie as - he notice the cap of a young lady 's pen fall off the front lecture bench and drop to the floor ... ( in slo mo ) . stephen stare at the fall cap . angle on : guest 5 , mute , he mouth still move ... angle on stephen get a idea . he want to go and pick up that fall cap ... miraculously , the muscle in he slacken face start to stir ... slowly he distort expression straighten ... he slump head stir and move ... he finger stir ... he foot ...his leg ... he slowly , slowly straighten in he wheelchair , and not only this ... he even begin to rise painfully out of it , at last stand on he own ... stand , he cross the floor , pick up the fall cap , and hold it out the pretty young lady . she smile at he , not at all astonished ! CUT to : guest 5 - we can hear he now . ( continued ) continued : angle on : the scene , angle on : angle on : audience , applause , angle on : angle on : smile . angle on : angle on : the theory of everything 90 ( 3 ) guest 5 ( cont 'd ) you have say you do not believe in God . do you have a philosophy of life that help you ? stephen - back in he chair , as at the start of heart - breakingly unable to do what he wish . stephen it be clear that we be just a advanced breed of monkey on a minor planet orbit around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxy ... the cap on the floor , just where it have fall . stephen , in he chair - then on member of the be greatly stir by the follow word - stephen ( cont 'd ) ... but -- ever since the dawn of civilisation , people have crave for a understanding of the underlying order of the world . there ought to be something very special about the boundary condition of the universe - and what can be more special than that there be no boundary ? and there should be no boundary to human endeavour . we be all different . there be no such thing as a standard or run of the mill human be -- but we share the same human spirit . however bad life may seem , there be always something you can do , and succeed at . while there 's life , there be hope . stand ovation . elaine , clap - proud . stephen , in he chair , on the stage , see elaine . brian and sciama clap . stephen , surprised by the reaction . the theory of everything 91 int . live room / west road flat / cambridge - day jane be study again , go through she iberian poem , when jonathan walk in with the mail , and set one letter in front of she . jane open it . jane it 's from Stephen . ( read ) he 's - - he have invite -- the child and I - - to accompany he . jonathan read she card , and then look at she , surprised . jonathan gosh . ext . buckingham palace , london - day the palace . int . empire room , buckingham palace - day we be back in the first scene of the movie . jane move close to stephen . they look at each other in the eye for the first time in a long while . they finally smile tenderly , and then - jane you glass be always dirty . stephen' Pov as - he glass be remove from he nose by jane , clean , and then replace on he nose . he be move by this old ritual . the hawking then sit silently , but happily , surround by exquisite painting and furniture . int . grand hallway / buckingham palace - day - later stephen and family - jane , ROBERT ( 23 ) , lucy ( 19 ) and tim ( 10 ) - roll up past pillar toward a set of ornate door which open magically to reveal - queen elizabeth ii stand by a distant mantelpiece . ext . queen' private garden , buckingham palace - day in the garden , the hawking child play as freely as in they own , while stephen be lift to the bottom of a set of step by two equerries . ( continued ) the theory of everything 92 continued : Left unattend , he motor forward a short distance and stop to watch he child . fulfillment flood into he expression . a moment of deep satisfaction . he then look around for jane , finally make he chair turn around . he see she - some distance away . she have detain one of the equerries . jane ( to equerry ) I will leave a card . there 's a number you can call . they can install ramp in a day . it really would be helpful . jane hand the equerry a card , and smile . the equerry nod , retire . jane see stephen . she walk up to he . together they watch they child . tight on stephen : his eye move from the kid , play in this paradise , to the screen , where he type something ... jane see he be write something . she crouch beside he wheel - chair as the letter form . jane ( cont 'd ) congratulation -- my companion -- of honour . not bad for a old liberal socialist -- ( whisper ) do not worry , you can decline the knighthood . he smile , stop write , look at she with warmth , and she at he . she kiss he on the cheek . jane ( cont 'd ) thank you . for today . it 's be extraordinary . it 's all just be rather extraordinary though , have not it ? they look into each other 's eye , and then start write again - jane ( cont 'd ) what be you write ? angle on screen : as he choose letter from the stream alphabet . as each word form it drop onto the line where he build this follow sentence - " look what we made " ( continued ) the theory of everything 93 continued : ( 2 ) on he next click - " play " - we - SNAP to : ext . graphic / universe a big crunch galactic moment - a supernova in reverse , from explosion to reconstitute star , then cut to - a cg model of the universe contracting - the star converge , move back together , toward the universe 's first moment . time's arrow have be reversed ... montage - sweeping we backward through time , a series of scene from the film in reverse chronology ... a ) rewind flashback to : stephen 's silent , wheelchair - bound tender look of love after jane have say " I have love you " B ) where before the doctor mark Stephen 's throat for the tracheotomy operation , in reverse we now see the mark disappear . C ) where before Jane support the new bear baby timothy in Stephen 's lap then scoop the baby up and out of frame -- in reverse we see the baby magically land in Stephen 's lap . D ) where before Lucy and Robert be sit on Stephen 's lap and then jump off and run away as Stephen chase they in he electric wheel chair -- in reverse , they run backwards into he lap . E ) in reverse , we see stephen walk backwards and first sit down into the wheel chair . F ) where before Stephen drop he fork during the dinner party -- in reverse , the fork leap from the table and back into Stephen 's hand . G ) the wedding tableaux with rose petal now in reverse , the petal travel upwards . I ) where before stephen stumble and fall hard in the quad -- in reverse , he be lift off the ground . J ) where before stephen and jane beheld the firework at the May Ball -- in reverse the firework implode into black hole . k ) where before stephen knock over a cup of tea whilst work at he desk -- in reverse , the liquid leap back into he cup . L ) at the may - ball , they kiss , then dance on the bridge . ( continued ) the theory of everything 94 continued : m ) at they first meeting at the party , jane stand at the door , and sees stephen for the first time . he smile at she . freeze -frame on this .... and then - N ) we jump into space - TRAVEL forward through space , through the nebulae and cosmic matter , travel at the speed of light , approach a single point in space , a singularity , a black hole . as we disappear into it ... SNAP to black . insert two card : card one : a brief history of time have sold more than 10 million copy worldwide . at 72 year old , stephen have no plan to retire and continue to seek a theory of everything . he decline the offer of a knighthood from the queen . card two : jane have her phd in medieval spanish poetry . she and jonathan be happily married . jane and stephen remain friend and now have 3 grandchildren roll end credit . end