Dr. seuss ' the lorax screenplay by cinco Paul & Ken daurio base on the Book by Dr. seuss int : theater - day the lorax step onto the stage in front of a large curtain and address the camera . lorax hello , everybody . thanks for come . the lorax clear he throat and read from a card he hold . lorax ( cont 'd ) I be the lorax . I speak for the tree . and I would like to say a few word , if you please , regard the story that you be ' bout to see -- it actually happen -- just take it from I . but there 's more to this story than what 's on the page , so please pay attention while I set the stage . the lorax toss the card at the audience and walk off as the curtain open , revealing thneedville . ext . thneedville - day two maintenance worker work on a large '' welcome to thneedville '' sign . the slogan below it read , '' fantastic ! make of plastic ! 100 % inorganic . '' the camera push past they and fly through the town , down to a suburban street . lorax ( v.o . ) we open in thneedville , a city , they say , that be plastic and fake , and they like it that way . a town without nature . not one live tree . so what happen to they ? cue the music ! let 's see ... ext . thneedville - present —- morning song : '' thneedville '' the music start up on a long shot down the street of thneedville suburb . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 - 12 final lock reel conform all of the house look basically the same . electric tree line the street instead of street lamp . a o'hare Air delivery truck drive down the street . floosh ! a inflatable plastic BUSH inflate . floosh ! another . floosh ! another . then -- pop ! a bed of plastic flowers pop up in time with the music complete with plastic buz bee attach to wire . plastic bee ( mechanical voice ) buzz ! buzz ! buzz ! the delivery man get out of the truck and grab a air bottle from it . he replace a empty , use air bottle with a new one like a milkman . title card : dr . seuss 's the lorax ext : ted 's house - present - same nearby , ted , a 11 - year- old boy and we hero , hop out of he second floor bedroom window , down a series of stair , and flip over the railing into the air and land on he scooter . he snap on he goggle , revs he engine , and take off down the street . pull back to a wide shot of the entire neighborhood . all of the front door of the house open simultaneously and the people of thneedville exit they house sing happily . everyone in thneedville it 's a brand new dawn ! people drive by in they personalize vanity car , include a businessman in he large steamroller suv . everyone ( cont 'd ) with brand new car and house and lawn ! we pull back to see the rest of the neighborhood join the traffic . Ted follow behind they on he scooter . everyone ( cont 'd ) here in got- all - that - we-need-ville ! 2 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform a man use a bike pump to inflate he flaccid plastic bush . he 's not pay attention and pump the bush until it pop , knock he over . ext : road into town - present - same the people of thneedville sing as they commute to work past row of fake tree . everyone in thneedville we manufacture we tree a little girl , marie , use a tire swing hang from a metal tree . everyone ( cont 'd ) each one be make in factory . maintenance men open up a panel in the electric tree revealing it 's fill with batteries . maintenance man and use 96 battery ! the light on the tree go out as the battery fall out . one of the maintenance Men quickly try to pick they up . Ted ride by on he scooter . the sing Delivery man walk up to a apartment , carry a large o’hare AIR bottle . everyone in thneedville the air 's not so clean the sing Delivery man walk into a woman 's apartment . int : apartment - present - same a woman open the door and let the sing Delivery man in . he replace the large bottle of o’hare Air hook to she Fresh Air system . woman so we buy it fresh ! the sing Delivery man plop the bottle into the machine in time with the beat . she hand he money for the delivery . 3 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 - 12 final lock reel conform singing delivery man it come out this machine ! she take a whiff of the fresh air . he take a whiff of the money . woman & singing delivery man aaaaah ! everyone in satisfaction 's guarantee - ville ! ext : downtown - present —- same downtown a group of businesspeople sing and dance as they head for work . the maintenance worker sweep garbage towards a open manhole . everyone in thneedville the sing Delivery man jump in front of the maintenance Works and start dance . singing delivery man we do not want to knoooow ! he do a spin and accidentally disappear down a manhole . everyone where the smog and trash and chemical go a little boy swim through the thneedville River ( which be unnaturally blue ) wear a big smile . his parent happily help he out of the river and give he a big hug . little boy I just go swim , and now I glow ! he glow and smile even more . Ted zip by he on the scooter . ext : middle of town - present - same we see a chubby surfer surfing on the fake ocean . a snowboarding teen zip down the snowy mountain next to he . everyone in thneedville we have fun year - round ! 4 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform the snowboard Teen turn and send a clump of slush fly and it go down the back of a guy swimsuit . everyone ( cont 'd ) we surf and snowboard right in town ! a group of sunbather sing like a church choir , hold they sun reflector like choir folder . sunbathing choir we thank the Lord for all we have get ! the sing Delivery man sing a beautiful solo as we reveal that the choir be sing at the grand open of a new parking lot ( call thneedville parking ) . sunbathing man include this brand new parking lot ! as the choir sing with religious fervor about the parking lot , people step we of they park vehicle , get on the roof of they car , and joyously sing along . everyone parking lot ! parking lot ! nearby a woman and she son fly kite propel by large fan . woman with kite it 's he ! everyone look up and see the o’hare AIR blimp , which spew out smog from its exhaust . project on it 's massive lcd screen be aloysius o'hare , the financial king of thneedville , owner of the o’hare Air co . pudgy and clownish and tacky and love by everyone . he lean out from the window and wave to the people down below . everyone ooh look ! it 's aloysius o'hare ( aloysius o'hare ) the man who find a way to sell air int : blimp - present - same o'hare turn around in he office chair and walk out from behind he desk . 5 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform ext : thneedville - present - same o'hare stand on Mooney 's hand outside the door . o'hare and become a zillionaire ! he dive off and fall down toward the ground . his parachute open revealing a ad for o’hare Air . everyone hip-hooray , hip -hooray ! as they celebrate we catch up with Ted , who be excitedly buy a remote control airplane from a vendor at he kiosk . he give the vendor he money and take the new airplane , ecstatic . everyone ( cont 'd ) hip-hip-hooray ! we be in the center of town . here come the elaborately choreograph big finish , reminiscent of '' consider yourself '' from Oliver . the huge mob engulf Ted at the toy kiosk . people dance with they shopping bag , toss they to each other . businesspeople dance with they briefcase . everyone ( cont 'd ) in thneedville we love live this way ! suddenly the sing Delivery man reappear in frame , push the band leader aside , grab he baton , and lead the marching band down the street . singing delivery man it 's like live in paradise ! everyone it 's perfect ! and that 's how it will stay ! singing delivery man oh yeah ! firework go off above the town . o' Hare walk up the step of he oversize limo wave to the people like a politician before he get in . the sing Delivery man dance on top of o’hare 's limo while spin cheer - lead baton . 6 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform everyone here in love the life we lead-ville destine to succeed - ville we be all agree - ville we be happy here in close -up on various mouth make the '' thhh '' sound . everyone ( cont 'd ) thhhh -- back to the wide shot show the entire center of town . everyone ( cont 'd ) -- needville ! as soon as the song 's over , everyone immediately go back to what they be do . Mooney and mcgurk help the freeze sing Delivery man off the roof of the limo . and out of the crowd zip Ted on he scooter , carry the bag with the airplane in it . ext : thneedville - present - same Ted ride he scooter through town with the confidence of someone who know the place like the back of he hand . ext : audrey 's house - present - continuous he end up suburbia . stop in front of a house . get off of he scooter . reaches into the bag and pull out the remote - controlled airplane . Ted smile as he admire it . Ted place it on the ground . operate the remote control , and it take off . Ted then fly the plane in a series of loop - dee - loop and then straight into someone 's backyard . but instead of be upset , he smile . ted yes . he run up to the front door of the house . ring the doorbell . multiple time . as the door open , Ted go into a slow - mo fantasy , revealing -- audrey . a teenage girl , beautiful and cool , and much too old for Ted . although he do not see it that way . he look up at she worshipfully , suddenly awkward in she presence . audrey oh , hi , Ted . 7 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform Ted break out of the fantasy . ted ( try to play it cool ) oh , hey , audrey . hi. audrey do you ball land in my backyard again ? ted what ?! no. model airplane . this time . audrey smile . then lean in to Ted , conspiratorially . audrey hey -- do you wanna see something cool ? Ted stare back at audrey . be you kid I ? audrey ( cont 'd ) come on ! audrey turn to go into the house . Ted follow she , spraying breath freshener into he mouth as he enter . ext : audrey 's backyard - present - later audrey take she hand away from Ted 's eye and he look up to see a massive mural in progress on the wall depict a lush valley fill with truffula tree . Ted stare up at the painting in awe . ted whoa . do you p-- do you paint this ? audrey do you like it ? ted what ?! be you kid ? this be amazing . ( point to tree ) what be that ? audrey ( smile ) that be tree . Real one . they use to grow all around here . ( more ) 8 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 - 12 final lock reel conform audrey ( cont 'd ) and people say that the touch of they tuft be softer than anything , even silk . and they smell like butterfly milk . ted wow . what do that even mean ? audrey I know , right ? audrey grab Ted 's arm and swing he over she head , so they both fall to the ground . ted whaaaa ! ( pain ) oh yeah . audrey what I want more than anything in the whole world be to see a real live tree , grow in my backyard . ted ( think ) so ...if , say -- I be just think out loud here ... if a guy somehow get you one ... audrey well , I would probably marry he on the spot . ( make a face ) I bet that sound crazy . do that sound crazy ? Ted look up adoringly at audrey . ted no . not crazy ! ( clear he throat ) not crazy at all . Ted smile . a boy with a plan . int : dine room - present - night Ted sit at the dinner table with he mom and grammy norma . he absentmindedly poke at a piece of jello shape like broccoli . 9 . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 10 . ted 's mom Ted , honey , do not play with you food . you either , Mom . grammy Norma dribble a jello broccoli like a basketball . she toss it up and pop it in she mouth . ted so ... Mom . do you happen to know if there 's like anyplace where I could get a real tree ? grammy Norma react to this . ted 's mom Ted , we already have a tree . it 's the latest model . ted yeah , but I mean like a real one , that -- that grow out of the ground or whatever . you know , like a real tree . ted 's mom ( make face ) really ? you have rather have some dirty , messy lump of wood that just stick out of the ground and it do what ? I do not even know what it do . what 's it 's purpose ? look what we have get . it 's the oak - a-matic - - the only tree with its own remote ! she point a remote at the tree outside . ted 's mom ( cont ’d ) summer , autumn , winter -- the tree change with each click to match the season . ted ’'s mom ( cont ’d ) -- and disco ! the tree now light up in neon color like a disco floor . and play a muzak version of '' the hustle . '' Ted 's Mom shimmy and sing along . ted ’'s mom ( cont ’d ) doot doot doot doo - doot doo - doot doot doot ! come on , Ted , get into it , dance with the tree . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 11 . Ted sink in he seat , mortify . ted Mom ... oh , it hurt Mom . please stop . Ted 's Mom click the remote and the music stop . ted ( cont 'd ) sooooco , anyway , let 's just say I need a tree . where would I go ? what do I do ? grammy norma then you know what ? you have need to find the once-ler . Ted turn to grammy Norma , surprised . ted the -- the what ? ted 's mom Mom , it 's not really the time for one of you , you know , magical fable , okay ? grammy norma oh , that 's right . I forget . I be old and can not even remember to put my tooth in . ted 's mom stand down . that 's not what I mean . grammy norma no really , I forget my tooth . would you be a dear and go get they for I ? ted 's mom ( sigh ) sure , mom . she exit . as soon as she 's go grammy Norma plop in she tooth and turn dramatically to Ted . grammy norma ( conspiratorially ) okay , here 's the deal . the once - ler be the man who know what happen to the tree . you want one , you need to find he . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 12 . ted ( suspicious ) '' the once-ler '' ? mmm-hm , okay . grammy be this a real thing that we be talk about now ? grammy norma oh , he 's real , all right . ted well ... where can I find he ? grammy Norma appear behind Ted , scare he . she give he a intense look . clap and the light dim . grammy norma '' Far outside of town where the grass never grow and the wind smell slow - and - sour when it blow ( make spooky wind noise ) .-- and no bird ever sing except old crow ... '' ( suddenly ) caw !!! Ted jump . grammy Norma catch he . ted whoa ! quit do that ! grammy norma that 's the place where the once-ler life . ted wait -- outside of town ? int : ted' bedroom - present - evening Ted empty a old jar fill with coin and collect three nickel . grammy norma ( v.o . ) people use to say if you bring he fifteen cent ... int : kitchen - present - evening rattle ! Ted open up the junk drawer and retrieve a nail . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 13 . grammy norma ( v.o. ) --- a nail ... ext : ted 's house - present - evening Ted search around for snail . pick a shell up . a great - great-great-grandfather snail , wrinkle and with a long beard , pop out . grammy norma ( v.o . ) ... and the shell of a great- great - great grandfather snail , he have tell you everything . Ted smile . he 's get everything he need . ext : far end of town - present - night Ted ride he scooter through to the edge of town . he look up and see a large pipe above he head with sign read , '' vent out . '' he follow the pipe which lead to a door high up in the middle of the wall . there be no way to get to it . nearby , Ted spot a box on the wall with a warning sign which read , '' authorized personnel only . '' Ted look around , open the box , and push the red button inside , which extend a brick from the wall out towards he . ted whoa ! other brick extend out form a staircase up to the door . Ted get back on he scooter and ride it up the stair to the door where he see a sign read , '' outside of town . '' he turn a lever and the door open like a bank vault . a red light above the door start blink . the camera continue up into the sky , where the o’hare Air blimp hover above . ext : o’hare 's blimp —- present - night establish . int : o’hare 's blimp - present - same aloysius o’hare sit at he desk . stand across from he be two marketing guy . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 14 . marketing guy # 1 Mr. o'hare , what we have get for you be something that be go to take o'hare Air to the next level . marketing guy # 2 now , Mr. o’hare , I know what you be think . one , I have get rich sell people air that 's fresher than the stinky stuff outside . two , here 's the important one , how could I possibly make even more money ? ( laugh ) we can tell you , sir , we can tell you ! marketing guy # 1 check out this commercial . huh ?! he click he remote and a commercial appear on a screen . ext : rooftop - commercial - day two guy sit in chair on a rooftop . first guy well , here go another lame Saturday . second guy dude ... I do not think so . ( chuckle ) he smile and pull a six - pack of o'hare AIR out of a cooler . first guy huh ? pop one open , funky music begin play , the sun come out , and suddenly a bunch of beautiful people show up . first guy ( cont 'd ) hey ! second guy oh , yeah ! right here . first guy man ! second guy oh yeah ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 15 . two men open bottle and blow the air into they mouth . first guy whaaaaa ?! a hot chick open up a bottle in she face and it make she hair blow sexily . the first guy be amaze . instant party ! he and he buddy click they bottle together . announcer ( v.o. ) o'hare purify air. freshness to go ! ( beat ) please breathe responsibly . int : o’hare 's office - present - same the commercial over o’hare rub he forehead . marketing guy # 1 huh ? marketing guy # 2 oh my goodness . marketing guy # 1 Love it . marketing guy # 2 yeah ... then he speak . o'hare you gotta be kid I ! you really think people be stupid enough to buy this ?! the Marketing guy keep push each other out of the way , vie for o’hare 's attention . marketing guy # 1 we research show that if you put something in a plastic bottle , people will buy it . marketing guy # 2 exactly , and -- Marketing guy # 1 shove Marketing guy # 2 aside and point to a chart show air quality go down and sale go up . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 16 . marketing guy # 1 and what 's more , when we build a new factory to make the plastic bottle , the air quality 's just go to get worse . marketing guy # 2 which will make people want we air even more and drive sale ... where ? through the roof ! o' Hare nod he approval . o'hare so in other word : the more smog in the sky ... ( chuckle ) ... the more people will buy . the Marketing guy laugh . marketing guy # 2 genius ! that 's why he 's a genius ! marketing guy # 1 it even rhyme ! o'hare I be aware it rhyme . suddenly a red light on o’hare 's desk start flash . he look at it . the door open and he thug mooney and mcgurk step in . the Marketing guy grab they chart and run off . marketing guy # 2 ( 0.s. ) coat ! Big coat ! o'hare what do you two knucklehead want ?! I be in the middle of a meeting ! Mooney hold out a handheld device . it read '' security alert , '' and show black and white footage of Ted try to get out the door . o' Hare stare at it . frown . o'hare ( cont 'd ) what ?! why be he leave town ? no one ever leave town ! ( beat ) see what he 's up to . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 17 . int : wall - present - night Ted look in though the door in the wall , revealing a large , dark room . he ride through the maze- like room on he scooter , pass a stream of gluppity - glup pour out from a series of pipe . ted whoa ! a security camera watch he drive by . he continue over the stream on a small bridge until he reach a exit . ext : outside of town - present - continuous Ted come out into the world outside of town . it 's a desolate landscape . fill with garbage and filthy water and tree stump . ted huh ? he 's see he world as it really be . and it 's a nightmare . Ted steel himself and continue on past the graveyard of tree stump . a storm brews in the smoggy sky and he look up to see a old thneed billboard . lightn flash , distracting Ted , who be almost behead by a series of old , rusted axe blade . he dodge and weave through they . he look behind he to reveal it 's a destroy axe hacker . lightn flash in the sky again . ted ( cont 'd ) oh , man ... Ted stop at a large ravine where a bridge be out . he look around to see if there be another way to cross and spot some old barrel and a plank of wood . he get a idea . ext : ravine - present - later Ted revs he scooter and then take off toward the ravine where he have setup the barrel and the plank of wood as a makeshift ramp . he intend to jump it , but as he reach the end of the ramp he plummet down the side . he scream , but pick up so much speed that he drive right back up the other side . he fly into the air and bounce back down . he breathes a sigh of relief and continue on he journey up the side of a mountain pass . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 18 . ext : desolation - present - continuous the city be far behind he now . Ted scooter through the fog , past warning sign read , '' stay out ! '' and '' I mean it ! '' and down the wear path where he come to a stop in front of a hand - paint street sign cover in crow . he get off he scooter and as he approach it , the crow take off , revealing that it read '' the Street of the lifted lorax . '' he keep move forward through the fog until he come to a rickety old shack with a board - up window that look like a strong wind might knock it over ( otherwise know as the lerkim ) . Ted stare at the spooky image , freeze . then take a deep breath and continue up the hill . ted whoa ... all right ... he arrive in front of the lerkim , which only look creepier up close . he continue forward , not notice that someone be watch he from inside the board up window . Ted walk past a small ring of stone . the word '' unless '' be carve into one of they . Ted remove the money , nail , and snail from he pocket . the snail shake he head , give Ted a look like , '' let 's get out of here . '' Ted ignore the snail and head up the step lead to the front door . the wind whistle , and the old wood creak beneath he foot . he get more nervous with each step . the railing fall over scare he . then he arrive at the door with a sign above it read , '' the once - ler '' . Ted stare at it , then take a deep breath and move he shaking finger toward the doorbell . he press it then -- whirrrrrrrr ... clank ! immediately a crazy seussian machine be activate . ted ( cont 'd ) okay ... it catapult he into the air . ted ( cont 'd ) what the --?! a clamp catch by the seat of he pants just before he hit the ground and hoist he back up into the air . ted ( cont 'd ) aiiiiiiiii ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 19 . ka-lunk ! the contraption come to a stop , leave Ted dangle in front of the lerkim . he open he eye , surprised to be alive . struggle to get loose . two yellow eye and two green-gloved arm appear in the window . Ted , still hang upside - down , stare at they , horrify . once-ler ( 0.s. ) who be you ?! ted aaaaaaaah ! Ted squirm and wriggle like a worm on a hook . the voice bark even louder . once-ler ( 0.s. ) who be you ?! and what be you do here ?! ted ( out of breath ) I be ted. I be Ted ! oh , can not breathe . be you -- be you ... the once-ler ? oh , man . once-ler ( 0.s. ) do not you read the sign ? no one be suppose to come here ! the clamp spin Ted around , lower he to the ground and let he go . then it begin push he back down the path toward thneedville . once-ler ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) get out of here and leave I alone ! and do not let the boot hit you on the way out . ted the boot ? a mechanical boot kick Ted in the butt . ted ( cont 'd ) whoa , hello ! ow ... he stop and turn back around , hold out the payment in he hand . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 20 . ted ( cont 'd ) listen , people say that if someone bring you this stuff that you 'il tell they about tree ! there 's a pause . that word get the once-ler 's attention . the mechanical arm come back and grab Ted again bring he up to the window . ted ( cont 'd ) oh , no -no-no-no ! whoa . once-ler ( 0.s. ) tree ? ted yeah . Real one , you know , that grow out of the ground . a very long pause . ted ( cont 'd ) hello ? once-ler ( 0.s. ) sorry ... it 's just ... well , I do not think anyone still care about tree . ted well , that 's I ! the guy who still care . I be here ! hey , what -- whoa ! the mechanical arm deposit Ted on the pile of rock . once -ler ( 0.s. ) you want to know about tree ? about what happen to they ? why they be all go ? Ted look up at the window . once -ler ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) it 's because of I . a look of shock come over Ted 's face . ted wait , what ? the once-ler lower a long metal tube , the whisper - ma- phone , out of he window . Ted lean in to listen . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 21 . once-ler ( 0.s. ) it 's because of I ! the whisper - ma- phone blow out dust cause Ted to cough . once-ler ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and my invention . the thneed . it be a amazing product that could do the job of a thousand ! the once-ler hold a thneed out and show it to Ted . ted alright ... sound ridiculous . but , I mean , that 's cool . once-ler ( 0.s . ) you be darn right it be cool ! ( sigh ) it all start a long time ago ... ted can we start not so long ago maybe ? once-ler ( 0.s. ) do you want a tree ? ted yes. yes ... once-ler ( 0.s. ) then it all start a long , long time ago ... ext : once -ler family home - past - day Cross dissolve from Old once-ler to a much young once-ler sit on a cover wagon which be hitched to a sad-look mule name melvin in front of a nice house with a car park in front . stand there to see he off be he mother , he moronic brother BRETT and chet , he monstrous great - aunt grizelda , and he unctuous uncle ubb . once-ler ( v.o. ) I be a young man leave home ... once-ler well , here I go , Mom . off to change the world with my thneed ! I be actually doin’ it ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 22 . once-ler 's mom yes . ( sweetly ) but just remember , oncie - - if somehow you invention end up a failure instead of a success ... ( abruptly switch gear ) well , it would not surprise I at all ! the family laugh at this . uncle ubb hey ! Chet punch once-ler in the arm . chet Nice wheel ! burn ! melvin kick Chet back over toward the family . the once-ler laugh it off . once-ler haha . yeah , burn ! but you will see , okay -- I be gonna prove you all wrong ! c’mon , melvin ! more laughter from the family . the once-ler try to ignore this . ext : desert - past - day the wagon make its way across a country road . the once-ler strum he electric guitar . once-ler ( v.o . ) so there I be at the very bottom with nothing but a wagon , a mule , and a completely irrational sense of optimism . once-ler ( sing ) na to nana to to oh bop-bah-da-da-do- do - do thneed - thneed - thneed , thneeda - thneed - thneed - thneed once-ler ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be search the globe , obsessed with find the perfect material for my thneed . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 23 . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) la-la-la-la-la ... ext : mountain pass - past - day the once-ler sleep as melvin he mule continue on . once -ler ( v.o. ) but I have have absolutely no success . until one day ... I find paradise ... melvin kick the once-ler awake . once-ler ( startle ) oh ! we be gonna be there soon ! I be sure it 's like -- whoa ! pull back to reveal : the truffula valley . it be paradise . they look around and see blue sky , green grass , a flow river , woodland creature and hundred of tall truffula tree with they colorful tuft sway in the afternoon breeze . it 's magical . once-ler ( cont 'd ) this be the most beautiful place , okay , I have ever see . the music swell . then the once-ler look down to see three humming - fish walk up and strike a pose in front of he . they look up and gesture towards the beautiful valley behind they . humming -fish taa-daa ! they each hum as they dive off into a nearby pond . once-ler whoa ! the once-ler watch as the humming - Fish continue humming down the hill past a fat bar-ba-loot , name lou , who stuff he face with truffula fruit . pipsqueak a baby bar-ba-loot sit next to he eat he own piece of fruit . then a series of bar-ba-loot jump onto Lou 's head and stand on one another 's shoulder to get to some fruit high in the tree . pipsqueak be pass up the chair of bar-ba-loot and he grab the fruit for the group . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 24 . in the tuft above they , a swomee - swan fly off into the sky , revealing a nest with bill , a baby swomee - swan , in it . Bill yawns and honk at camera . we follow the swomee - swan as it fly through the forest , past a stream and to a clear blue pond where -- the Trio of humming - Fish climb out of the water onto a rock and hum like a a cappella group . then they slide back down into the water and they humming become gurgling . melvin pull the wagon down into the valley , where all of the curious animal gather around they . the once-ler hop down from the wagon with he guitar and start begin rock out . once-ler ( cont 'd ) this be it ! two bar-ba-loot look at each other , confuse . once-ler ( cont 'd ) this be the place ! this truffula tree be just 'a what I need ! the bar-ba-loot hear he play and come over to investigate . once-ler ( cont 'd ) gonna chop one down and make my thneed . but first -- thwack ! as he stand up he accidentally smack a bar-ba- loot with he guitar . then he toss it up into the air and run off screen . one bar-ba-loot push another out of the way as the guitar fall back down to the ground and nearly clobber he . the once-ler sing and dance through the valley , follow by the curious animal . once-ler ( cont 'd ) na to nanana to na to nanana to ( to animal ) now you ! the animal , catch up in the music , join in sing and dance with the once-ler . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 25 . animal na to nanana to nana to nana to to to ! Lou get into it and do not realize the other animal have dance off after the once-ler . he open he eye and run after they . once-ler that 's great ! ( scat to the music ) animal na to nanana to nana to nana to to to ! bob-shoo-bop bob-shoo-bop he go into the back of the wagon , pull out a spatula , and sing into it like a microphone . once-ler so now we friendship can begin . hand-and-hand and wing and fin . the once-ler go back into the wagon and begin unpack , obliviously toss tool over he head at the animal . once-ler ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing you and I can not do so let 's all make my dream come true ! yodelhoo ... yodelay-hee-hoo ... a see , shovel , pruning shear , and a axe land right in front of different animal , almost hit they . then a hair trimmer bounce past shave the stomach of a bar-ba-loot , who quickly cover up , embarrassed . a tube of toothpaste land in front of a humming - Fish . then a mallet land on that , squirting the toothpaste all over he face . a beard trimmer fly out and shave one of the bar-ba-loot . a tube of toothpaste explode on another one . animal na to nanana to nana to nana to to to ! na to nanana to nana to nana to to to ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 26 . the wagon unpack , the oblivious once-ler pull out a axe and go for the big finish . once -ler oh yodelay-yodelay-heee-hoooo-- instead of jubilantly join in the chorus , the angry mob of animal have all turn against the once-ler . one swomee - swan have a stick and tap it against he winge - palm menacingly . lou na to nanana to Lou dance over and then notice that everyone else be angry and he stop sing . once-ler hey , guy . come on ! where 's my back up chorus ? the bar-ba-loot growl at the once-ler . a humming - Fish pick up a set of egg beater and wind they menacingly . ext : truffula valley - past - continuous the once-ler turn back to he wagon and grab two large sack . once -ler ah-ha ! then he realize they be fill with marshmallow . once-ler ( cont 'd ) oh ! a angry bar-ba-loot lunge for he and the once-ler scream like a girl , hold the sack up as a shield . riiiip ! marshmallow fly out into the air . the marshmallow rain down into the angry animal 's mouth , who eat they . mmmmm ! it 's like a switch have be flip . animal ooooh ! they all love marshmallow ! all of the animal frolic and play in they . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 27 . a bar-ba-loot jump through the air in slo - mo catch one in he mouth . down below , other bar-ba-loot spin around grab as many in they mouth as they can . humming - Fish eat one float in the water . a swomee - swan drop pipsqueak down into the pond , which be fill with they . a humming Fish ride on a bar-ba- loot through the marshmallow like a gondolier . the once-ler look down at pipsqueak who have a huge smile , revealing dozen of marshmallow cramme in he mouth . clearly he 's go for the record . the once-ler look down at he with a smile . ted ( 0.s. ) hey-hey - hey -hey . wait . wait a minute . the once-ler look around to see where the voice be come from . ext : lerkim - present - night back to the once-ler look down at Ted from he lerkim . once-ler ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ? ted um , yeah , that 's awesome . you know , feed junk food to forest animal . that 's great . but , uh , be there a musical number where you show I how to get a tree ? ' Cause I have love to hear that one . beat . once -ler ( 0.s. ) oh , yes . right after the musical number about the kid who keep interrupt the story and be never hear from again . mm-hm . beat . ted right , get it . ( gesture with hand ) proceed . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 28 . ext : truffula valley - past - day the once-ler put on a pair of work glove and grab a large axe . once-ler all right ! here we go . about to make a thneed . about to change the world . the animal all stare at the shiny metal axe and watch the once-ler as he walk over to the tall truffula tree . he raise the axe up over he head . the animal watch curiously . chop ! the axe cut into the tree with a sound that echoe through the valley . the tree creak and moan as it fall and hit the ground with a thud . the animal react in horror . what do he just do ? the once- ler stare at the tree , impressed . once-ler ( cont 'd ) check it out guy ... huh ? he look around , notice all of the animal be go . once-ler ( cont 'd ) oh , where would everybody go ? he shrug , then grab the tree by the trunk and drag it away toward he cottage . ext : lerkim - present - night the once-ler continue the story . once-ler ( 0.s. ) Little do I know that by chopping down that tree I have just summon a mystical creature as old as time itself . the legendary -- slightly annoying -- guardian of the forest . ( beat ) the lorax . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 29 . ext . truffula valley - past - day the animal investigate the stump . a humming - Fish poke at it . suddenly the ground start rumbling . the animal scatter . there 's a loud noise and a flash of light as a thunderstorm shoot out of the stump . the animal watch from a safe distance . the one fish slap the other fish for poke the stump . the swomee - swan shove they head in the ground like ostrich . a bar- ba- loot try it and knock himself out . a series of lightning bolt hit the stump cause a explosion that reverberate through the valley . Lou struggle to stand up in the wind . a fish fly into he face , knock he over . the whole thunderstorm be suck back into the stump and out pop - — the lorax . shortish , brownish , and in charge . he slowly stand up . see the stump , react horrify . lorax ( in disbelief ) what the with -- who the -- oh ! the animal watch as he collect some rock and stack they on the stump , create a memorial . pipsqueak see this . he bring over a rock and offer it to the lorax . other animal join he . when they be do they take a moment of silence for the stump . pipsqueak walk over and hold the lorax 's hand . Lou awkwardly grab the lorax 's other hand and start blubber . then the lorax hear the once-ler whistling and spot he rip tuft from the truffula tree . the lorax furrow he brow and walk over to investigate . the once-ler shake the tuft like pom-pom as he pull they off the fell tree . then he pull another piece of the tuft and the lorax come up with it . lorax ( cont 'd ) hey ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 30 . the once-ler be startle and trip , fall to the ground . lorax ( cont 'd ) ( accusingly ) do you chop down this tree ? pipsqueak curiously wander over to they . once -ler what ? uh ... no . who do it ? ( gasp , point offscreen ) what 's that ?! the lorax look away and once-ler drop the axe onto pipsqueak . pipsqueak oy ! once-ler I think he do it . the lorax be not buy it . lorax leave ! vacate the premise ! take you axe and get out ! the once-ler stare at the lorax . once-ler and who be you ? the once-ler poke the lorax in the belly . lorax what -- what ?!! I be -- I be the lorax ! ( off once - ler 's blank look ) Guardian of the forest . I speak for the tree . ( still blank ) so you be tell I you just do not see I magically appear out of that stump ? with all the lightning and thunder and stuff ? you do not see any of that ? once-ler no . but that sound amazing . can I see some of that ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 31 . lorax uh ... yeah , I could show you . but that 's not how it work . once-ler ( condescending ) okay , um ... do not really happen . ( beat ) oh , I know what you want ! ( poke lorax 's nose ) he reach into he pocket and pull out a marshmallow . hold it out . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ( baby talk ) I have get one of this for the cutest little guy I ever see . yummy -yummy -yummy ... the lorax stare at the marshmallow . lorax how dare you ! give I that ! he grab the marshmallow . sniff it . it smell good . lorax ( cont 'd ) hmmm ... I be go to eat this , but I be highly offended by it . he plop it into he mouth . then make he way over to the once-ler 's tent - house which be be support by stake and rope . kick out a stake . the canvas start to sag . once-ler whoa , what be you -- what ?! hey , mustache ! will you stop that ! the lorax continue circle around the tent - house pull up stake . the once-ler grab he hammer and follow , pound they back in . once-ler ( cont 'd ) what 's you deal , man ?! lorax time for you to go , beanpole ! they circle faster and faster around the tent -house , the lorax pull up stake and the once-ler pound they back in . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 32 . once -ler pull ‘em right out and I be just gonna put ‘em right back in . I can do this all day . unbelievable . until the once-ler turn a corner and be about to bring he hammer down on -- pipsqueak . the lorax have place he right where the stake would have be . the lorax hold up he hand to stop the once-ler . lorax whoa ! stop right there ! stop it ! so you have hammer one of nature 's innocent creature ? the lorax pat pipsqueak on the head and he happily run offscreen . once-ler ( horrify ) what ?! no , I would never hit this little guy . you , on the other hand , I would gladly pound you and you mustache into the ground . the lorax turn to all of the watch animal . lorax behold the intruder and he violent way ! ( to the once -ler ) shame on you . for shame . the once-ler drop the hammer and hide it behind he foot . then he see all of the animal nodd they head in agreement . the once-ler 's have it . once-ler all right , you know what , that 's it . ( point at lorax ) you listen to I , you furry meatloaf . I be gonna chop down as many tree as I need . okay , news flash , not go anywhere . end of story ! he turn and enter he cottage . his stick he tongue out and do raspberries to the lorax before slamm the door behind he . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 33 . int : once -ler 's cottage - past - continuous the once-ler sigh heavily , shaking he head . lorax ( 0.s. ) then you leave I no choice . startle , the once-ler turn and see that the lorax be somehow inside with he . he point a threaten finger at the once-ler and speak in a spooky voice as if he 's casting a spell . lorax ( cont 'd ) if you be not go by the time the sun set on this valley , all the force of nature will be unleash upon you and curse you until the end of you day ! ( beat ) you have be warn . lorax turn to make a dramatic exit , but can not reach the doorknob of once - ler 's door . he hop a couple of time . finally , the once-ler let he out . lorax ( cont 'd ) thanks . once-ler yeah , okay . then : lorax you have be warn ! the lorax storm out and slam the door , leave the once-ler alone in he cottage . ext : lerkim - present - night back to the once-ler look down at Ted from he lerkim . Ted be clearly entrance by the story . once-ler ( 0.s. ) but I do not listen to he warning . and you will not believe what happen that night ... ted what ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 34 . beat . once-ler ( 0.s. ) if you want to hear more , come back tomorrow . ted hey , wait , wait ! tomorrow ? the whisper - ma- phone get pull back up . Ted leap up and grab it , get carry up . ted ( cont 'd ) whooooa ! the whisper - ma- phone retract into the shutter . Ted be flip up into a bucket hang near the window . ted ( cont 'd ) be you serious right now ? ugh ! you live in the middle of nowhere ! it stink out here ! do not make I come back . once-ler ( 0.s. ) then I guess you do not really want to hear the rest of the story . once-ler quickly drop the bucket down , and Ted with it . the bucket stop right before the ground and the claw come down and knock Ted out of it . Ted get back up and shout up to the once-ler . ted no , no , no , no , I do . I really do . I wanna hear the story , I just -- once-ler ( 0.s. ) Nah ! you do not have what it take . Goodbye ! his green arm leave the window . Ted realize he 's push too much , and do a about-face . ted wait , wait , wait ! I have what it take . it 's alright . it 's okay . I will come back . it 's no problem ! Ted turn and quickly head down the path back to he scooter . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 35 . ted ( cont 'd ) see , here I be leave ! walk away now . I x11 see you tomorrow ! the once-ler watch Ted as he run down the path . once-ler ( 0.s. ) ( to himself ) hmmmmm . maybe ... just maybe . int : audrey 's house - ted 's daydream - day close on a birthday cake with sixteen candle . audrey stand in front of the cake as a bunch of partygoer sing . partygoer happy birthday to you ! audrey close she eye , make a wish , and blow out the candle . woman ( 0.s. ) what have you wish for , audrey ? audrey smile . audrey well , I have love to tell you , but sadly , accord to the universal wish law , I cannot . ted ( 0.s. ) oh , I know what she wish for . audrey turn and see Ted play the piano on a balcony above . in a tuxedo . he hop onto the railing of a spiral staircase and slide down to the first floor , where he continue slide past a waiter who hold a tray with a milkshake . Ted grab it as he continue slide to a tall object cover with a velvet cloth . ted ( cont 'd ) be it perhaps ... ( take a sip from the shake ) uh--this ? he remove the velvet cloth , revealing a potted truffula tree . the party erupt in cheer and applause and flashbulb pop . audrey can not believe she eye . audrey Ted , you -- you do not . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 36 . ted oh , no , I totally do . happy birthday , audrey . audrey oh ... the crowd start chant . partygoer kiss he ! kiss he ! kiss he ! Ted turn to audrey and shrug . what can we do ? audrey look Ted right in the eye . she move in for a kiss and Ted pucker up . ted be mom 's voice ( 0.s. ) Ted ! int : dine room - present - morning Ted come out of he daydream . he be sit at the table kissing a cereal BOX ( empty - 0's ) . ted 's mom ted. tedster . ted huh ? his Mom sit next to he . ted 's mom you be kissing the cereal again , hon . Ted realize he 's be catch kissing a cereal box . ted what ? I just ... I like -- I like this cereal . what one be this ? yeah ! Ted shove a huge spoonful of cereal in he mouth . ted 's mom o-kay ... well I 'il make sure to buy extra next time for you . Ted get up and rush for the door . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 37 . ted all right , cool . hey , I gotta run . I gotta go do ... a thing ...so ... i’1ll see you guy . Mom quickly reach out a hand and grab he by he shirt collar , stop he . ted 's mom whoa , whoa , whoa ! you be not go anywhere , young man . it 's Sunday . you know what that mean ? family time . and we be all play board game ! Ted 's face fall . grammy Norma watch , interested . ted but -- int : ted' house - present - day Ted sit at the table with he Mom and grammy Norma play a word game . grammy Norma survey the board , hold a letter in each hand . grammy norma hmmm . hmmm . oooh ! no ... Ted sigh . ted ( whisper to himself ) oh man ... Mom be also get frustrated . ted 's mom ( to grammy Norma ) Mom , seriously - - every turn ? grammy norma hey , back off ! ( survey the board ) oooh ! no . Ted 's head hit the table . Mom stand up . she 's have it . ted 's mom okay , family time be over ! it be now personal time , I 'il be in my room ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 38 . grammy norma oh , okay , dear . have fun ! she head upstairs to she room . as soon as she 's go Ted turn to see grammy 's face right next to he . ted whoa ! grammy norma I know I could break she . go. Ted 's confuse . grammy Norma gesture to the door . grammy norma ( cont ’d ) go see he ! Ted realize what she mean . smile . ted oh , yeah ! you rule ! thank you , grammy ! and he run out the door . ext : thneedville - present - day Ted ride he scooter through the street on he way back to the door out of town . ext : alley - present - continuous Ted turn into a alley and run into someone . he fall off he scooter . he look up at Mooney and mcgurk . Mooney sip from a tiny o’hare Air can and then crush it with he finger . they step aside revealing , aloysius o’hare , who use they hand to walk down to the ground from he car . o'hare hey , Ted , right ? he sign a document and then stick he pen in the palm of Mooney 's hand . Mooney groans . ted ( a bit creepe out ) uh ... Mr. o’hare . o' Hare give Mooney and mcgurk a look . they close like automatic door , completely sealing off the alleyway . o’ Hare put a hand on Ted 's shoulder . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 39 . o'hare so I hear you have become interested in tree . what 's that all about ? ted ( chuckle nervously ) oh , um ... where have you hear that ? o' Hare smile . o'hare oh , teddy , there 's not much that go on in thneedville that I do not know about . ( beat ) here 's the deal . I make a live sell fresh air to people . tree , oh , they make it for free . so when I hear people talk about they , I consider it kind of a threat to my business . ( growl ) ted c'mon , I do not even know what you be talk about , I ... o' Hare , furious , get right in Ted 's face . o'hare listen to I , boy . do not go poke around in thing you do not understand . or I ’1ll be you worst nightmare ! I be frankenstein 's head on a spider 's body ! Ted nod , try not to freak out . ted yeah , um , okay ... my mom 's expect I so I be just gonna -- o'hare ( chuckle ) of course , of course , now go back to you family game time . grandma just finish she turn . ted how -- how do you know ? o'hare please . I have eye everywhere . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 40 . mounted security camera turn to face Ted . the eye of a baby in a billboard move to look at he . a robot cat turn its head 180 degree to stare at he . o'hare ( cont 'd ) you get a beautiful town here , Ted . lot of fun stuff to occupy you short attention span . why I can not think of any reason you have ever want to go outside of town again . ever . o' Hare gesture to Mooney and mcgurk , who menacingly straighten the kink neck of Ted 's scooter and slap Ted 's helmet on he head . they open up the alley exit . Ted quickly scooter away . o'hare ( cont 'd ) ( call after he ) okay ! good talk ! really good talk . the three of they get into o’hare 's car . Ted wait around the corner for the car to leave . he get a determine look on he face , turn around , and scooter toward the end of town . ext : lerkim - present - day Ted arrive out of breath . run up to the door and ring the doorbell . this start to set off the giant hammer again . Ted 's face fall . he forget . ted oh no . he quickly jump out of the way and tumble to the ground as the seussian machine do its stuff . ted ( cont 'd ) look out ! then call up to the window . ted ( cont 'd ) hey , man ! hey ! you know , you need to change that doorbell ! the once-ler 's eye appear in the board - up window . once-ler ( 0.s. ) awww , you miss I . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 4l . ted what ? once-ler ( 0.s. ) you be already back . clearly you miss I ... a little , right ? ted no I do not . I just -- I be here to hear the end of the story . once-ler ( 0.s . ) why be you so interested in tree , anyway ? why be not you like other kid , break -dance and wear bell - bottom and play the donkey kong ? Ted react - - " break -dance '' ? '' donkey Kong " ? ted ( play it off ) yeah , right , right ... yeah , I do not know , I just -- I just , you know , think it would be kinda cool to have one , you know . once-ler ( 0.s. ) abhh ... it 's a girl , be not it ? ted pffft ! ( laugh ) what ? no ! once-ler ( 0.s . ) really ? ' Cause when a guy do something stupid once , well , that 's because he 's a guy . but if he do the same stupid thing twice , it 's usually to impress some girl . ted hey , she be not '' some girl . '' she 's a woman . in high school . and she love tree and I be go to get she one . the once-ler 's yellow eye stare down from the window , almost seem to smile . once-ler ( 0.s. ) aww , how nice to see someone so undeterred by thing like reality . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 42 . ted ( earnestly ) thank you . once-ler ( 0.s. ) all right , where do we leave off ? ext : once -ler 's cottage - past - night a humming - Fish jump out of the pond and catch a firefly in he mouth . when he come back up from the water he eye glow , scare he two humming - Fish friend . int : once -ler 's cottage - past - night the once-ler finish knitting he thneed . he hold it up , admire it with a smile . once-ler now that 's a thneed ! nothing unmanly about knitting . no sir . he set it on a chair . stifles a yawn . then crawl into bed , turn out the light , and close he eye . he begin snoring , sound asleep . int : once -ler 's cottage - past - night creeeeak ! the sleep once-ler do not wake at the sound of the door slowly open . then the faint sound of tiny footstep can be hear shuffle across the floor . the once-ler 's bed raise up off the ground several inch and begin to move toward the door . Lou back into the stove and burn himself . it 's almost to the door when we hear a thud ! several animal struggle to carry the once-ler 's bed . they reach the front door of the house -- the bed will not fit . bang bang bang ! lorax look at that -- that -- you -- oh ! once-ler ( in he sleep ) what ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 43 . the animal drop the bed . lorax ( slap he forehead ) who teach you guy how to steal a bed ? ext : once -ler 's house - past - later the lorax direct the animal from outside as they finally manage to get the bed out through the window . melvin see this and whinnie . the lorax approach he with some truffula fruit . melvin take it as payment to keep quiet . ext : truffula valley - past - night under the pale moonlight , we see three humming - fish hum the mission impossible theme . then the silhouettes of the lorax and several other animal tiptoe as they carry the once - ler 's bed from he home , down the hill toward a flow river . Lou run after they , huffing and puffing , try to keep up . ext : riverbank —- past — continuous the lorax and the animal come to a halt at the edge of the river . the lorax smile as he address he accomplice . lorax ( whisper ) okay , nice and easy . the lorax and the animal quietly slip the bed into the river and watch as it calmly float downstream . the lorax turn to the animal , beam . lorax ( cont 'd ) Nice work , you guy . could not have do it without you . he turn and wave to the once-ler as he float away . the lorax 's face fall as he see pipsqueak wave back at he , sit on top of the sleep once-ler and float downstream . lorax ( cont 'd ) you gotta to be kid I . can he swim ? ( more ) Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 - 12 final lock reel conform 44 , lorax ( cont 'd ) ( pipsqueak 's Mom shake she head no ) of course he can not swim ! ( to pipsqueak ) hang on , pipsqueak ! I be come to getcha ! the lorax and animal take off run along side the float bed . Lou roll he eye and run after they . lorax ( cont 'd ) hey , you fishies ! stop that bed ! they swim up to the bed and try to pull it over to the side , but the blanket and top sheet rip off , cover they . lorax ( cont 'd ) oh ! still sleep , the once-ler shiver and grab pipsqueak and use he like a blanket . the lorax point to a low - hanging branch . he direct the animal up the tree . lorax ( cont 'd ) jump ! jump ! C ’mon get up there ! c’mon ! go go ! Little bit more ! Little bit more ! the branch do not hang low enough . lorax ( cont 'd ) ugh ! now what ? lorax look over to see Lou stand next to he stuff he face with fruit . the lorax struggle to push Lou up the tree . lorax ( cont 'd ) C ’mon ! get up there ! whoa ! the branch hang low enough to reach pipsqueak . pipsqueak see the lorax and bar-ba-loot hang from the branch try to save he . the lorax stretch out he hand ... lorax ( cont 'd ) okay , pipsqueak , give I you hand . c'mon , reach out for the lorax . .-- but pipsqueak grab fruit hang from the tree instead and take a big bite . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 45 . lorax ( cont 'd ) where have you go ? ( slap he forehead ) what be you ?! bar-ba-loot ... the once-ler 's foot now drop into the water . like a rudder , it re-direct the bed to a side stream . the lorax 's face fall . lorax ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's bad . the bed pass by the Three humming - Fish stand on a lily pad who be humming '' tap '' . suddenly , pipsqueak whimper and a look of terror come over he face as he look downstream and see rapid approach . lorax ( cont 'd ) hey , beanpole ! wake up ! pipsqueak run to the end of the bed , which flip upside down in the water . then it flip right side up again . the once - ler be cover in fish who quickly jump back off the bed and into the water . the once-ler wake up , spitting water out of he mouth . he look at pipsqueak hold onto the bed frame and wave to he . pipsqueak chuckle nervously . once-ler uh , what 's happen ? where be -- where be I ? then he see the lorax run alongside he on the shore . his face fall . the lorax point to the rapid ahead . lorax hey , you get trouble and it 's come up fast ! the once-ler turn and see the approach rapid . once-ler aaah ! we be in a river ! the river be pick up speed . pipsqueak and the once-ler hold on for dear life as the bed hit the whitewater and bob up and down . once -ler and pipsqueak whhhhhhooooocooaaaaa ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 46 . finally the whitewater end . the once-ler and pipsqueak breathe sigh of relief . they laugh at the fact that they survive and then see the waterfall ahead of they . pipsqueak ewww ... once-ler oh no . he and pipsqueak scream in fear . the once-ler unsuccessfully try to use he pillow to paddle away from the waterfall . he call to the lorax . once-ler ( cont 'd ) just do something ! the lorax look around . spot a giant boulder up high above the waterfall . lorax help be on the way ! the bed head closer and closer to the fall . once -ler ( mutter to himself ) what the -- oh no ! the lorax quickly scamper up to the boulder with a stick . wedge the stick under the boulder . tries to dislodge it . lorax just a minute ! he jump up and down on the stick . the boulder get dislodge and roll down the hill . at the end of the hill be a small slope go up , which send the boulder fly . the once-ler and pipsqueak , about to go over the waterfall , now see a giant boulder fly at they . once -ler and pipsqueak aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! !! thump ! the boulder connect with the far side of the bed , catapult the once-ler and pipsqueak off of it . the bed crash over the fall . violently . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 47 . thud ! the once-ler bounce and slide along the ground on he back , hold pipsqueak up in the air , so he would not get hurt . pipsqueak huh . pipsqueak look over to the lorax who appear on the scene , see the once-ler lie unconscious . his eye go wide . lorax oooo ! oh no ... ( slap the once-ler ) wake up ! wake up ! the lorax know what he need to do , but do not want to do it . the animal watch as the lorax pinch the once-ler 's nose and tip he head back . he take a deep breath and lower he lip to the once-ler 's . the lorax come up and wipe off he tongue . that do not work , so he grab two bar-ba-loot , rub they together to create a static charge that he use to shock the once-ler . lorax ( cont 'd ) clear ! the lorax jump back as the once-ler wake up . he immediately reach out and hug the lorax . once-ler haha ! I be head into the light and you pull I right back and here I be ! you save my life ! the lorax squirm guiltily as the once-ler hug he . lorax yeah , no ... I know . well , no , it 's not that big a deal . once-ler it be a big deal ! look , I almost go over that waterfall -- ( break off hug , realize ) in my bed ... how do my bed get in the river ? the lorax avoid eye contact with the once-ler . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 48 . lorax oh , about that , actually ... um ... i... ( under he breath ) putyourbedinthewater . the once-ler drop the lorax . lorax ( cont 'd ) I do not mean you any harm ! I just want to calmly float you away . ( beat ) look , everyone here need the tree . and you be chopping ‘em down . so we have get a big problem . the once-ler look down and see pipsqueak hold on to he leg , look up at he with puppy - dog eye . pipsqueak nod . the once-ler look at all the animal . the lorax . finally , it begin to sink in . he kneel down and address the animal . once-ler ( hold up he hand to swear ) alright , look , I hereby swear that I will never chop down another tree . I promise ! the lorax look he over . lorax thank you . but I be gonna keep my eye on you . once-ler good . now , I have get a big day tomorrow , so I be go to get some sleep . the once-ler head off toward he house . the animal all cheer . the once-ler stop and walk back toward the fall . once-ler ( cont 'd ) right after I find my bed . the other baby bar -ba- loot touch a fish next to he , shocking it . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 - 12 final lock reel conform 49 , ext : truffula valley - past - morning fade in on another beautiful morning in truffula Valley . reveal the humming - fish Trio crowing like rooster on top of one of the tree . int : once -ler 's cottage - past - same the once-ler wake up from a good night 's sleep . then turn and find -- the lorax . lying next to he in the bed , snoring . he scream . once-ler aaaaiiiigggghhhhh ! this wake up the lorax . lorax aaaiiiiggghhhhh ! once -ler and lorax aaaiiiiggghhhhhh !!! lorax punch the once-ler . once -ler ow . okay , uh ... what be you , I -I -- the once-ler look around . he turn to the lorax . once-ler ( cont 'd ) question ... what be they do here ? we reveal he place be fill with animal . bar-ba-loot curl up at the foot of he bed , swomee - swan nest in light fixture , and humming - fish in drawer . a sleep bar- ba-loot sneeze , knock the baby bar-ba-loot on it 's stomache onto the ground . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) and follow up , if I may , what be you do here ?! lorax well , after " the incident '' last night we find one of you sock and come here to return it . but when we get here , you be asleep . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 50 . something drop on the once-ler 's head . once-ler what ? he look up to see it 's drool from a bar-ba - loot sleep on he lamp . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ew , exactly . and sleep be the body 's way of tell other people to go away . lorax I know , but you look so cozy ... and it be cold outside ... and we just fall asleep . no harm do . the once- ler jump up out of he bed , flustered . once-ler no harm do ? no harm do ??? ( sigh ) okay ... then he turn to the counter and see several fish sit in drink glass of water , like jacuzzis . once-ler ( cont 'd ) oh , okay , I put my lip on that . well , I use to anyway . then he see a swomee - swan nest in a large bowl on the counter top . the bird squawks loudly , then stand up , revealing a freshly - laid egg . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ewww ! the animal all applaud , proud of she . she high fives another swomee - swan . the once-ler be disgust . once-ler ( cont 'd ) do you just ... in my bowl ?! the once-ler grit he tooth . the lorax 's hand grab the once-ler 's toothbrush out of a glass . he enter the kitchen comb he moustache with the toothbrush . lorax why do you have one of this ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 51 . he hold it up -- it 's fill with yellow lorax hair . lorax ( cont 'd ) you do not even have a moustache . he hand it to the once-ler and head for the fridge . the once-ler follow he , toss the toothbrush in the trash . once-ler okay , that 's it ! lorax what ? I think we make a deal last night . once-ler yes , we do ! and I say I would not chop down anymore tree . lorax and I say I be go to keep a eye on you . ( turn to fridge ) I be starvin’ , what 's for breakfast ? the lorax open the refrigerator , revealing Lou with he cheek stuff full with everything in the fridge . he look out at the lorax and once-ler . busted . then he shove the last remain item into he mouth . a entire stick of butter . the lorax close the fridge . lorax ( cont 'd ) Breakfast be overrate . the once-ler look like he be about to explode , but stop . take a deep breath and put he hand in the air . once-ler you know what ? I get work to do . yup ! I gotta go into town and sell my thneed ! the once-ler hold up the thneed . the lorax stare at it . lorax ( laugh ) oh ! you chop down one of my tree to make that piece of garbage ? just look at that -- once -ler garbage ? oh , no . oh , no ! you do not get it . ( more ) Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 52 . once-ler ( cont 'd ) this be a revolutionary product that will change the world as we know it ! the once-ler walk over to the bar-ba-loot sleep on the table and brushes they all off . once-ler ( cont 'd ) it have a million use ! he reach under the table and pull up Lou who be now wear the thneed as underwear . once-ler ( cont 'd ) look at this ! it 's a swimsuit ! hup -hey -oh ! then he point to the muddy animal track on the floor . once-ler ( cont 'd ) mud track all over you floor by uninvite guest ? well , the thneed sure come in handy for that ! wup - adup -apoh ! the once-ler use it to wipe up the mud track . once-ler ( cont 'd ) but wait , there 's more ! thanks to its all - natural micro-fiber , the thneed be super- absorbent ! then he go to the fish swim a glass fill with water . shove the thneed into the glass . sluuuurp ! it instantly soak up all the water , leave the irritate fish stand in the dry glass . once-ler ( cont 'd ) it also work as a hat ! he plop the thneed onto lorax 's head . splurch ! it 's sopping wet and drip all over he . the lorax give the once - ler a look . once-ler ( cont 'd ) of course , you have probably want to wring it out first , eh -- the lorax take the thneed off he head and throw it at the once-ler . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 53 . lorax go ahead , go ahead ! knock yourself out . but nobody 's gonna buy that thing ! once -ler good to know . well fortunately you be not the target market . weirdo . once - ler strum he guitar . lorax you be bring a guitar ? once-ler oh , yeah . oh , I get a little jingle , gonna blow some mind . gonna sell some thneeds ! he hold up the thneed defiantly . once-ler ( cont 'd ) yeah ... the once-ler slam the door , waking up a swommee - swan , who honk . ext : town square - past - day the once-ler stand in the middle of town square with he guitar and the thneed , sing he jingle for all he 's worth . once -ler everybody need a thneed a fine thing that all people -- splaat ! the once-ler be hit in the face with a tomato . the crowd all laugh at he . ext : lerkim - present - night the once-ler look down to ted. once -ler ( 0.s. ) unfortunately , I do not sell the thneed the first day . ext : town square - past - day the once-ler be back sing in front of the town . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 54 . once -ler the thneed be good , the thneed be greaaaat -- hey ! a little girl grab the once-ler 's guitar and smashes it . ext : lerkim - present - night the once-ler look down to ted. once -ler ( 0.s. ) or the second day . ext : town square - past - day splaat ! the once -ler 's hit in the face with a tomato again . splaat ! splaat ! splaat ! it 's a onslaught of rotten tomato . once-ler ow ! oh , hey ! once -ler ( v.o. ) or the third . or the fourth . or fifth day . melvin catch one in he mouth and eat it . pull back to reveal a vendor with a '' tomatoes for sale , $ 3.98 '' cart , and a long line of people buy they to throw at the once-ler . next in line be a nun . melvin be at the end of the line . once-ler ( 0.s. ) that one hit the tender spot . the once-ler wipe the tomato off he face with the thneed . once-ler ( v.o. ) until finally ... once-ler that 's it ! you know what ? I be -- I be do with this thing . the crowd , wait for they tomato , react disappointedly . crowd awwwwwww ... the once-ler walk around the corner . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 55 . once-ler my family be right ! I quit ! he take the thneed off from around he neck and toss it over he shoulder where it land on the head of a geeky teenage girl , knock off she glass and cause she long hair to unfurl . as she struggle to get it off it become a hat . she be about to take it off when a cool guy pass by . cool guy hey , cool hat . some other teenage girl notice this . approach the geeky teenage girl . other teen girl oh my gosh , I totally want one . yet another teen girl that thing make I like you more . suddenly everyone in the park notice the geeky teenage girl and she thneed . she smile at all the attention . ext : once -ler 's cottage - past - evening outside of the cottage the lorax be play card with the three animal kid . lorax play a card and then see that Bill have eat he . lorax awww ... the lorax see the once-ler approach . without the thneed . lorax ( cont 'd ) hey , where 's you thneed ? do you sell it ? once-ler hey , yeah , no , ah , no . no , do not sell it . turn out it 's ahead of its time , I guess . lorax hey , you give it you best shot , right ? what more can you do ? come on , take a seat , we will deal you in . the once-ler smile . once-ler ah , what be we play ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 56 . lorax I be play poker ... ( gesture to gil ) he 's play go Fish ... ( gesture to Bill ) and I think he 's hungry . Bill peck one of gil 's card out of he hand and eat it . gil aww .... int : once -ler 's cottage - past - day the once-ler stand at he stove , happily make truffula berry pancake . once-ler ( sing ) pancake . flip-a-dee-boo! he turn around with a fresh stack and we see that he place be filled with animal . he 's cooking for everyone . pipsqueak be he sous-chef who catch the pancake on a plate . the once-ler take the plate from he and pat he on the head . once-ler ( cont 'd ) who be up for ninth ? the animal be stuff . include one incredibly fat humming - fish . Lou frantically wave he hand . lou ooh-ooh-ooh ! the lorax be stuff and struggle to sit up . he sigh . lorax alright , pass ‘em over . once-ler yeah , see -- the once-ler bring over the fresh stack . on he way -- rrrrruuuuummble ! the ground start to shake . the once-ler and animal look around . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ( shaking ) what be go on ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 57 . the sound be come from outside . they head for the door . ext : once -ler cottage - past - continuous the once-ler , lorax and all the animal rush outside . the sound get louder and the animal run for cover as the lorax and once-ler turn toward the rumbling sound and see -- dozen of people charge over the hill , run toward the once-ler 's house . once-ler oh , no . that 's a lot of people . then he see they all have cash in hand and all want thneeds . the animal run away to hide . the lorax and once-ler stare , stunne . crowd everybody need a thneed ! a fine thing that all people need ! the thneed be good ! the thneed be great ! let 's hope we be not too late ! the teenage girl lead the crowd wear the thneed as a hat . teenage girl it 's a super trendy hat ! the man next to she grab it and use it to make a tightrope for he acrobat wife . man it 'sa tightrope for a acrobat ! a boy next to he grab it ( cause the acrobat to fall ) and use it as a butterfly net . boy a net for catch butterfly ! the fat guy next to he grab the thneed and use it like a exercise belt , with the Boy still catch in it . fat guy a thing you use for exercise ! crowd everybody need a thneed ! ( a thneed ! ) a fine thing that all people need ! ( more ) Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 58 . crowd ( cont 'd ) ( we need ! ) everybody need a thneed ! the crowd go crazy , wave they money . the once- ler can not believe it . be this really happen ? he snatch up the money be shove at he and turn to the lorax and animal . waving stack of cash over he head . once-ler aww , yeah ! we be in business , baby ! the lorax frown . pipsqueak obliviously dance along with the music . clearly not happy about this . crowd we all agree we need a thneed ! we need a thneed ! the once-ler grab he phone and make a call . once-ler Mom ! hey , it 's I ! I tell you I be gonna be a success ! you need to bring the whole family here , right now ! we be gonna be rich ! ( off lorax 's look ) what ? I be gonna need all the help I can get . do not worry --- the lorax look worried . a dollar float past camera , wiping it . ext : thneedville street - present - day Ted and grammy Norma zip through town . grammy norma so have he tell you how to get a tree yet ? ted ( call over the motorcycle ) actually , no ... but I think he 's gonna get to that part really soon . here we be ! grammy norma what ?! Ted stop the scooter in front of a supermarket . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 59 . grammy norma ( cont ’d ) ( realize they arrive ) oh , I 'il just be a minute . and she enter the store . Ted wait , then see audrey walk towards he carry can of paint . ted ( to himself ) oh , wow ... ( call out ) hey , audrey ! audrey see he . smile . audrey oh , hi Ted ! what 's up ? ted oh , you know I , just cruise . puttin 's out the vibe ... just I and my thought -- just then grammy Norma hop on the back of the scooter . grammy norma ooh , be this the girl you be always talk about ? Ted make a face . ted ah , gramma , stop make thing up ! grammy norma wow , she 's even prettier than you -- he revs up the engine to cover up any more potentially embarrassing comment and take off . ted okay , gotta run ! bye ! audrey watch he go with a smile . ted ( cont 'd ) okay , grammy , let 's get you home . ext : audrey' backyard - continuous audrey arrive in the backyard and look up at she house . she drop the paint can in horror . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 60 . her mural , the entire backside of she house , have be painted over . her tree mural be go . it 's completely white with a '' courtesy of o’hare Inc '' logo paint in its place . ext : far end of town - present - day Ted arrive back at the door lead out of town . the button now have a metal plate weld over it with a '' property of o'hare inc . '' label on it . he try to pull the metal plate off the button . it do not budge . he get frustrated and punch it . he look around . how 's he go to get out now ? ext : far end of town - present - moment later Ted revs up he scooter . he ride up a curve wall and in through the window of a apartment . ted yeah ! int : apartment - present - continuous Ted scooter through marketing guy # 2 's bathroom as he 's take a shower . marketing guy # 2 ( shriek like a woman ) aaaaiiiiiggghhhhhh !!! ted whoa , hey ! so sorry ! so sorry ! Marketing guy # 2 hit he with he rubber ducky . Ted drive out of the room and up the stair . marketing guy # 2 ( 0.s. ) my goodness ! ted ( to himself ) do not want to see that ! Ted ride he scooter out through the top floor window . ext : far end of town - present - continuous he land on a nearby roof and jump rooftop to rooftop through the city until he jump over to the wall . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 61 . ted whoa ! he continue down the steep cliff side on the other side of the wall where he bounce down to the ground and continue on he way . ext : lerkim —- present - day Ted run up to the lerkim carry a bag of marshmallow . he call up to the lerkim . ted hey , I be back ! the once-ler 's arm appear . once-ler ( 0.s. ) what have you get there ? ( realize , gasp ) ah , yes ! the once-ler lower the whisper - ma- phone and Ted pour the marshmallow into it . the once-ler use it like a straw to suck they up into he mouth . ted whoa . there 's silence . the once-ler 's clearly touch by this gesture . once-ler ( 0.s. ) ( chew ) thank you , ted. ( beat ) now picture this ... ext : once -ler 's cottage - past - day gil climb up to grab a piece a fruit in a tree as Lou watch on . he struggle to pull it off and then fall down to the ground . once-ler ( v.o. ) Sun shine ... a blue sky ... a perfect day . it be all downhill from there . up above , three bar-ba-loot sleep in the soft tuft until -- Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 62 . ruuuuumble !!! a giant rv tear through the valley , obliterate everything in its path . melvin turn to look and take off . gil be stick to the front of the rv and scream as it finally come to a stop next to the once-ler 's cottage . gil finally fall to the ground with a thud . gil whoa ! all of the animal gather around , stare at it as if it be a ufo . then the door in the side open like a bay door in a fly saucer . smoke come out . and then out step -- great-aunt grizelda . a ancient monster of a woman . she look around . great-aunt grizelda what a dump ! just then the once-ler run over with a smile on he face . once-ler hey , aunt grizelda ! next out be the once-ler 's moronic brother , BRETT and chet . brett spot pipsqueak . immediately pick he up and turn to Chet . BRETT hey , Chet ! check this out ! go long ! once-ler no , ah , brett , that 's actually not aum -- okay . Chet take off run . brett then throw a bar-ba- loot like a football . BRETT go long , go long ! Chet look back over he shoulder and see the bar-ba-loot come . smile with anticipation . he 's about to catch he when -- chet I get it ! I get it ! I get -- Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 63 . crash ! he smack right into the truffula tree below . the bar-ba- loot grab onto the tree tuft and then fall onto Chet 's face . chet ( cont ’d ) ( muffle ) -- get it ! brett laugh hysterically . BRETT he totally run into that tree . he slap the once-ler 's hand really hard . once -ler ow ! the once -ler 's mom now exit the rv , step on uncle ubb as a step stool . once -ler 's mom oncie , be that you ? once -ler Mom ! she approach he , a big smile on she face . the lorax look at the dead animal steal around she neck , horrify . once-ler's mom there he be ! there 's my big suddenly successful son ! ( kiss he ) we always know you would make it , oncie . ( to the family ) right ? the entire family respond with smile and congratulation and display of affection . uncle ubb , lanky and bald , give he a big hug . uncle ubb hey ! I love this guy ! the once-ler turn to he mom . once - ler but you always say I would not amount to anything remember ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 64 . once-ler 's mom oh , hush you mouth , I be just try to motivate you . once-ler I be really glad you clarify that , because it actually hurt my feeling for a really long time . the once-ler break away from uncle ubb 's hug . once-ler ( cont 'd ) anyway , ah , you be all here , you all work for I . and that 's cool . so , let 's get to work ! once -ler 's mom brett ! Chet ! set up the rv ! brett be about to throw another bar-ba-loot . once-ler 's mom ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) would you stop throw that bear ! Chet drop the bear and run over to the rv . brett run after he , step on the fall bar-ba-loot . Chet be about to push a button on the side of the rv , but brett shove he out of the way and push it . the rv come to life . it dig post into the ground and begin expand . a swing , a tv , a line of laundry , and a satellite dish pop out . a swomee - swan fly right into the satellite dish . the finish touch as a pink lawn flamingo . lorax no , no , no , whoa , whoa , whoa . time out , back up , stop , do not move a inch . nobody 's move in here . you gotta go , goodbye . the family stare at the lorax . great-aunt grizelda so who invite the giant furry peanut ? lorax you call I a peanut , huh ? I x11 go right up you nose ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 65 . great - aunt grizelda seethes , ready for a fight . the lorax crack he neck . the once-ler immediately intercede , chuckle . once-ler whoa whoa whoa , you would not hit a woman . lorax wha -- that 's a woman ? once-ler okay , everyone cool it . let 's not get off on the wrong foot here . um , family , this be my friend -- lorax acquaintance . once -ler -- acquaintance , very good acquaintance , the lorax . he speak for the tree . lorax that 's right . and on behalf of the tree - - get out ! the once-ler 's family gasp . the once-ler pull the lorax aside . once-ler will you just , be nice ? this be my family . and I be go to need they help if my company 's go to get bigger . okay ? lorax bigger ? once-ler yeah ! this be not some rinky - dink operation anymore . I have get plan ! Big plan ! a vision ...of a world fill with thneeds ! it 's gonna be huge ! the lorax look the once-ler right in the eye . lorax which way do a tree fall ? once-ler uh...down ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 66 . lorax a tree fall the way it lean . be careful which way you lean . the lorax give the once-ler a sad look , then turn away . the once-ler watch he go . then roll he eye . int : once -ler 's cottage - past - day the once-ler sit at he desk excitedly work on design for a new factory . once-ler I mean look at this . it 's amazing . I be so proud of I . once -ler 's mom oncie , we have get we a little problem . the once-ler look over and see he Mom stand outside he window . once-ler Problem ? once -ler 's mom mm-hm . see , we be not make thneeds fast enough . uncle ubb walk by , push a large cart full of harvest truffula tuft . uncle ubb harvest the tuft take too long . once-ler look out the window and see brett slowly pick a tuft with mechanical glove at the end of long lazy tong . then he hand it to Chet who walk all the way over to the cart . it 's clearly the least efficient way to work . the once-ler turn to he Mom . once-ler well what else can we do ? once-ler 's mom well ... and this just come to I ... we could always start chopping down the tree . once-ler bolt upright . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 67 . once-ler what ? uncle ubb walk by push the now empty cart . uncle ubb woo ! now you be think ! that would speed thing up . the once-ler react to this , unsure . once -ler but -- once-ler 's mom no but , oncie . you be run a business now . you have to do what 's best for the company . and you momma . the once-ler look deep in think . it 's moment of truth time . once-ler well , I guess it could not hurt to chop down a few tree . the once-ler 's Mom hug he through the window . once -ler 's mom you have make I so proud , oncie . come here ! uncle ubb hey , I love this guy ! brett and Chet pick up axe and run off . ext : truffula valley - past - day the lorax play with the baby animal have they balance on each other when he hear something . he listen closely to make out what it be . brett and Chet run through the valley wielding axe , with big crazy smile on they face . the stack of baby animal topple over . brett and Chet begin chopping down tree . the lorax see this and try to stop they . but it 's no use . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 68 . lorax no , no , no ! stop it ! please stop ! whoa , whoa ! BRETT and chet take that you stupid tree ! boom ! the lorax see brett and Chet go at the tree . storm toward the once-ler 's cottage . he 's almost to the door when suddenly great - aunt grizelda appear , stop he with a pitchfork . great-aunt grizelda where do you think you be go ? she scoops he up with the pitchfork and grab he by the scruff of the neck . lorax Excuse I , sir , I need to talk with you boss . the once-ler close the flap of he tent . great-aunt grizelda oh , I be sorry , but Mr. once - ler 's not see anyone right now . lorax yeah , well , he will see I , so -- hey ! keep you paw off I ! great-aunt grizelda give I a reason , shortie ! the lorax see the once-ler watch from he window . lorax hey ! you break you promise ! vhhiippp . the once- ler close he shade . the lorax react , get a heart - breakingly sad look on he face . call out to the once-ler . lorax ( cont 'd ) you be better than this ! you gotta stop ! this be bad ! great - aunt grizelda wrap the lorax up in a thneed . swing he around like a slingshot , then send he fly . great-aunt grizelda have a nice day ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 69 . int : once -ler' cottage - past - day the once-ler sit in front of a mirror with he guitar . once-ler bad ? I be not bad . I be the good guy here ! he just do not get it . do you think I be bad ? Bill be perch on the end of he guitar . he honk . once-ler ( cont 'd ) thank you ! I mean something good finally happen to I , and he just have to come along and rain on my parade ? what 's he problem ? Bill honk . once-ler ( cont 'd ) see ?! the once-ler strum he guitar . shake he head . that lorax be crazy . once-ler ( cont 'd ) ( roll he eye ) yeah '' bad , '' right . the once-ler strum he guitar again and walk towards the door . Bill honk . ext : truffula valley - past - continuous the once-ler open the door revealing the beatific landscape in front of he , complete with a rainbow . song : '' how bad can I be ? '' the once-ler lead a group of animal into the valley with he guitar . all of the animal dance along with the once - ler . once-ler how bad can I be ? I be just doin ' what come naturally how bad can I be ? I be just followin ' my destiny Lou imitate the once-ler and shake he butt along to the music . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 70 . the once-ler walk down a dirt path with the animal follow behind he . great aunt grizelda and the rest of the family enter into the frame , sweeping the animal away . once-ler ( cont 'd ) how bad can I be ? I be just doin ' what come naturally how bad can I be ? how bad can I possibly be ? int : void - past - day the once-ler slip on he green glove , put on he green suit , a bigger green hat , and a pair of sunglass . once-ler well , there 's a principle in nature family principle in nature once-ler that almost every creature know call survival of the fittest family survival of the fittest the once-ler grab a guitar and start play in the spotlight . behind he , the lorax be in another spotlight . he march toward the once-ler to confront he , when a trap door open underneath he and he disappear down it . once-ler and check it , this be how it go : the animal that win get to scratch and fight and claw and bite and punch , and the animal that do not well , the animal that do not the lorax fall down into a cauldron on a table . the once - ler 's family pop up hold fork and knife . the once-ler grind pepper onto the lorax 's head . the lorax bounce away offscreen in the cauldron . once-ler ( cont 'd ) wind up someone else 's la-la- la - la lunch ! family munch munch munch munch munch ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 71 . ext : truffula valley - past —- dusk the once-ler march down the street play he guitar with he family twirling axe behind he like baton . they throw the axe high up into the air . once-ler I be just sayin 's how bad can I be ? I be just doin ' what come naturally the axe fall down near the lorax who dodge and weave to avoid they . the lorax stop and hold he hand up to say stop . once-ler ( cont 'd ) how bad can I be ? I be just followin ' my destiny then a axe hacker drive toward the lorax and chase he off screen . the axe hacker chop down tree in it 's path . the biggere factory rise up from behind it . once-ler ( cont 'd ) how bad can I be ? I be just doin ' what come naturally how bad can I be ? how bad can I possibly be ? great aunt grizelda ride a profit arrow up into the sky . family ahhh ! int : once - ler' office - past - day the once-ler now have a amazing office . he present a chart of rise profit to he family . once-ler there 's a principle in business family principle in business int : thneed factory - past - day the once-ler ride on the conveyor belt that take the truffula tuft into the factory and convert they into thneeds . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 72 . once-ler that everybody know be sound it say the people with the money family the people with the money the once-ler walk on a large gear and the lorax try to run up the other side to catch up with he . once-ler make this ever-love world go round just then , a girder swing into the lorax and the once-ler hop onto it . once-ler ( cont 'd ) so I be biggere my company and biggere my factory bigger my corporate sign ! as they swing on the girder through the air , the factory grow up around they . the old '' thneed '' sign be replace with a much bigger one . family bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger ! once-ler everybody out there , you take care of yours the lorax slip off the girder and fall down into the once - ler 's arm . int : void - past - continuous many once-ler pop up from the ground surround the lorax . once -ler I will take care of mine mine mine mine mine great - aunt grizelda pop into frame , sing with a incredibly low voice . great aunt grizelda shake that bottom line ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 73 . ext : factory - past - day the once-ler operate lever that cause the factory smokestack spew smog into the air , make fly swomee - swan cough . once-ler let I hear you say smogulous smoke ! family smogulous smoke ! ext : pond - past - day a massive pipe spew schloppity -schlopp into a humming - Fish pond . once -ler schloppity schlopp ! family schloppity schlopp ! feather drop down from above onto the fish , so they look like they have be tar and fathere . the once-ler reach down and take a piece of fruit froma bar-ba- loot and eat it . once -ler complain all you want , it 's never ever ever gonna stop ! the family 's large head pop up from behind a mountain and sing , knock the animal out of frame . family sto-o-o-o-p! int : once -ler 's office - past - day the once-ler walk down the long circular stair from he desk to the floor in he office . pile of money rise up from the floor into the air around he . once-ler come on ! how bad can I possibly be ? once -ler & family how bad can I be ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 74 . once-ler I be just building the economy ! once -ler & family how bad can I be ? int : void - past - day the once-ler pull on pipsqueak 's cheek . once-ler just look at I petting this puppy ! pipsqueak fall to the ground . paparazzi show up and take picture of the once-ler as he drop a penny in a tin can mark '' Charity '' hold by a old man . once -ler & family how bad can I be ? once-ler a portion of proceed go to charity ! the Old man remove a fake beard and we see it 's actually uncle ubb . once -ler & family how bad can I be ? a limousine drive through frame and the once-ler drop the lorax into the trunk and slam the door . it drive off . once-ler how bad could I possibly be ? let 's see ! people wear thneeds in different configuration move past camera . family how bad can we be ? once-ler all the customer be buy ! family how bad can we be ? once-ler and the money 's multiply ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 75 . ext : thneed , inc . - past - night the lorax hold up he hand to the once-ler and gesture to the sickly , hungry animal . the once-ler walk off as the lorax grab he coattail to try to pull he back . the lorax be stop by a cameraman , while someone off screen toss he a thneed . flash ! family how bad can we be ? once-ler and the pr people be lie ! ext : thneedville - past - day a billboard show the lorax hold a thneed : '' lorax - approve . '' int : once - ler' office - past - day a huge version of the once-ler rise up from the ground in front of the factory , loom over the valley . family how bad can we be ? once-ler and the lawyer be deny ! family how bad can we be ? once-ler who care if a few tree be die ? a army of axe -hacker chop down tree leave and right . it 's a nightmarish scene , like Hitler invade Poland . family how bad can we be ? once - ler this be all so gratify ! how bad ? how bad can this possibly be ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 76 . ext : thneed , inc . - past - day establish . now we see a fully mechanize factory work at full capacity . smoke bellow from smokestack as giant mechanical arm load truffula tree onto a conveyor belt lead into the monstrous factory . a group of pollution - cover animal sit around a pond of gluppity - glupp . one miserable humming - Fish look traumatize . in the background , a axe hacker continue to chop down more tree . int : thneed , inc . - past - day the busy once-ler , completely transformed into a big businessman , walk down the hall of thneeds , Inc. past a large ticker show the amount of thneeds sell , '' 5,268,902 . '' underneath it be a large poster of the once-ler with the word , '' too big too fail '' write on it . brett and Chet hold the door open as he hang up and enter he office . the door close behind he . int : once -ler 's office - past - continuous the once-ler sit down at he desk . look over plan for thneedville . behind he , we can see the lorax sit on he balcony . lorax so how be thing ? the once-ler turn to see the lorax . once-ler what be you do here ?! lorax happy yet ? you fill that hole deep down inside you ? or do you still need more ? once -ler look , if you have get a problem with what I be do , why have not you use you quote , unquote '' power '' to stop I ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 77 . lorax I tell you . that 's not how it work . once-ler right , I forget , you be a fraud . I need you to get out . now . lorax why ? do I make you uncomfortable ? remind you of the promise you make ? the man you use to be ? the once-ler confront the lorax angrily , back he down he balcony step that lead back down to the ground . once-ler you know what ? you can just shut you mustache ! my conscience be clear . I have do nothing illegal . I have my rights , and I intend to keep on biggere and biggere and turn more truffula tree into thneeds . the lorax fall backwards and hit the ground . once-ler ( cont 'd ) and nothing be go to stop I ! just then , in the distance , we hear a thwack ! the once-ler and lorax both look ... and see the very last truffula tree chop down by a Super axe-hacker . lorax well , that 's it . the very last one . ( grimly ) that may stop you . the once-ler stare out into the valley . all that can be see for mile and mile be stump . the truffula tree be all go . ext : town square - past - day two worker remove the thneed ad from a billboard . one of the worker look up at the image of the thneed . tall worker ( shaking he head ) somebody sure make a bundle on that thing . ( more ) Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 78 . tall worker ( cont 'd ) wonder what the next million - dollar invention 's gonna be ? the tall Worker fan the smoggy air away from he face , cough . then the short Worker turn around and we see that it be -- a young aloysius o'hare . he watch he partner fan the smog away from he face , still cough . look up at the billboard , wheel turn . young o’hare yeah . I wonder . ext : thneed , inc . - past - day the once-ler stand in front of he family 's rv . his mother shake she head disapprovingly . once -ler 's mom Son , you have let I down . brett , you be now my favorite child . vroom ! the rv speed away . the once-ler watch it go , he completely desert factory behind he . he stand there all alone . and then he see something approach in the distance . it 's the lorax , lead a massive crowd of animal . the once - ler hold up he hand as they approach . once-ler hey , look , I do not want any trouble . lorax and you will not get any . not from they . thanks to you and you hack and smogging and glup , they can not live here anymore . so I be send they off . hopefully they will be able to find a better place out there somewhere . he give the once-ler a point look . the animal continue they march , head for the horizon . the once-ler then see melvin leave with all of the animal . his face fall . once -ler melvin ? melvin ! the mule look back , shaking he head in disappointment . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 79 . once-ler ( cont 'd ) hey , pipsqueak . pipsqueak turn back to the once-ler who offer he a marshmallow . once-ler ( cont 'd ) hey . he shake he head in disappointment and walk off with the rest of the animal . once the animal be go , it 's just the lorax and the once - ler . the lorax stand on a pile of rock . the once-ler take off he biggere hat in shame . then pull himself up by the seat of he pants and magically float up through the air . the once-ler watch , amaze . the lorax then disappear through a hole in the smog . the once-ler be stunne . who be this guy ? what have I do ? he look down at the pile of rock . we now see that the pile of rock have the word '' unless '' carve into one . ext : lerkim - present - day Ted stare down at the word '' unless '' in the rock . Ted look up at the window , shaking he head . ted so this be really all you fault . you destroy everything . once-ler ( 0.s. ) yes . and each day since the lorax leave I have sit here regret everything I have do . stare at that word - - " unless '' " -- and wonder what it mean . ( beat ) but now I be think ... well , maybe you be the reason the lorax leave that word there . Ted look up , stunne . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 80 . ted I ? why would he leave that for I ? once-ler ( 0.s. ) because unless someone like you care a whole awful lot , nothing be go to get better . it 's not . the once-ler disappear from view and we hear he furiously rummage around the lerkim . finally he arm reappear in the window . he toss something down to Ted . Ted catch it . it 's a seed . Ted stare at it . once-ler ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the last truffula seed . ( beat ) you need to plant it , ted. ted yeah , but nobody care about tree anymore . once -ler then make they care . Plant the seed in the middle of town , where everyone can see . Change the way thing be . ( beat ) I know it may seem small and insignificant , but it 's not about what it be ... it 's about what it can become . that 's not just a seed . ( beat ) any more than you be just a boy . Ted look up at the once-ler , deep in think . get a determine look . his fist close around the seed . Ted nod . then walk over to he scooter and start it up . ted ( call out ) I will not let you down . Ted drive off toward thneedville . the once - ler 's eye watch he go . for the first time shine with the hope they have when he be young . once-ler ( 0.s. ) I know . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 81. ext : thneedville street - present - day Ted peer out from under a manhole cover . he spot the robotic cat surveying the area and throw he scooter helmet at he , knock he out . robotic cat meow . meow . meow . Ted revs he scooter and drive right over the robotic cat , smash it to piece . robotic cat ( cont 'd ) meooocoooow ... think he 's alone , he take out the seed to make sure it 's okay . in the background , we see the robotic cat 's eye turn on and record he hold the seed . ext : STREET - present - day Ted stop he scooter in front of audrey 's house . honk he horn . ted hey , audrey ! audreeeeeey ! audrey open up the door , cover with paint and hold a paintbrush . audrey Ted ? what be you do ?! ted meet I at my house ! audrey wait , but -- and he take off . ted my house ! okay ?! audrey watch he go , confuse . int : ted' bedroom - present - day Ted crawl inside . rushes over to he desk . set the seed on it and begin search around he room , talk to himself . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 82 . ted gotta plant the seed . gotta plant the seed . okay , we be go to need ...uh... water ... Ted grab a large water bottle and set it on the desk and look around the room . ted ( cont 'd ) and ...uh ... something to dig with ... um ... what do I have ? what do I have ? ted' mom ( 0.s. ) Ted ! ted Mom . I be busy , Mom ! ted' mom ( 0.s. ) Theodore wiggins ! get down here right now and I be not kid with you ! Ted grimace and exit he room , slamming the door behind he . ka -lunk ! the slamm door cause the water bottle to tip over and water begin dripping on the seed . int : family room - present - continuous Ted make he way down the stair . get to the bottom and turn , see -- aloysius o’hare and he man stand there . with he mother . ted 's mom Ted , I have like you to meet Mr. o’hare -- the most powerful man in town . o'hare there he be . hello , ted. ted uh ...- hi. ted 's mom be not he clever , Mr. o'hare ? ( force Ted to shake hand with o'hare ) he know he own name and everything . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 83 . o'hare ( to Ted 's Mom ) you know what I would love right now , Mrs. wiggins ? a delicious cookie . ted' mom uh ... o'hare wonderful . teddy and I ' 1ll stay here and talk . ted 's mom sure . why do not you go ahead and adopt he ?! ( laugh ) I be just kid . that be a joke . she walk towards the kitchen . ted ’'s mom ( cont ’d ) I be joke , because you know , I just -- I '1l get you cookie . she give Ted a look . '' be good ! '' then leave the room , escort by o’hare 's man . o’ Hare turn to Ted . o'hare I know you have it , Ted . so let 's put a end to this nonsense , shall we ? Hand it over . o' Hare hold out he hand for the seed . it 's moment of truth time for Ted . he look o’hare in the eye . ted I be sorry . I do not know what you be talk about . o' Hare frown . o'hare really ? well , then I guess you would not mind we check you room . Ted 's face fall . ted no-no-no-no ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 84 . o'hare Mooney ! mcgurk ! find the seed ! o’hare 's man return and head upstairs . ted no , no ! you can not go up there ! Ted try to push they back down with all he might . ted ( cont 'd ) no , guy , this be ridiculous ! stop ! hey , ah ! o'hare be behind they , push they up with all of he might . ted ( cont 'd ) no you can not come in my room ! despite he best effort , they back Ted up the stair and to he door . int : ted 's bedroom - present - continuous Mooney and mcgurk knock the door down and burst into the room with o'hare . Ted watch as o’hare 's man turn the place upside down . he look nervously at he desk and see -- the seed be gone . no longer on the desk where he leave it . he look around , confuse . they dig through drawer , empty he closet , turn over he bed , etc . but , of course , do not find the seed . o'hare ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) find it ! Ted 's Mom enter the room with a plate of cookie . see o’hare threaten Ted . ted 's mom what ? what be go on here ?! o'hare this do not involve you . get back downstairs . this do not sit well with she . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 85 . ted 's mom Excuse I down there ?! ( point ) I do not care who you be you little crazy baby man ! get out of my house ! now ! this be outrageous ! o' Hare stare back at Ted 's Mom . it 's a stand -off . finally , he let go of Ted . o'hare Fine . sorry . must have be a misunderstanding . we ’1ll be leave now . ( to Ted ) and my apology , Ted . ( give he a threaten look ) you be safe . Ted gulp at this threat . o’ Hare head for the grab the plate with the cookie on the way out . Ted and he mom listen for the front door slam . ted 's mom what ? mind tell I what 's go on here ? Ted begin furiously search he desk for the ted the seed ! where be it ?! ted 's mom seed ? and then Ted find grammy 's cane under he desk ted where 's grammy ?! door and seed . he smile . he take off run out of the room . his mom follow he . int : family room - present - continuous Ted and he mom arrive to find grammy Norma stand in the family room hold the seed , which now have a tiny sprout , and admire it , mesmerize . grammy norma it 's alive . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 86 . she whisper to the seed . grammy norma ( cont ’d ) I remember you . Ted and he mom join grammy , catch up in the wonder of the spout seed . clearly move by it . ted 's mom Ted , what -- ( gasp ) ding -dong ! ding -dong ! it 's the doorbell . Ted run and open it , revealing audrey . smile upon see she . ted audrey . with the door open , Ted can see the o’hare Air truck park right across the street . his face fall . audrey hey , do you want to -- he quickly pull audrey inside and close the door . audrey ( cont 'd ) well , okay ! Ted close the door and shut the curtain . audrey ( cont 'd ) Ted , what be this about ? Ted hold up the seed for audrey . ted it 's about this . audrey wait , wait , wait -- be that ? ted yes . the last truffula seed . and you be go to help I plant it right in the middle of town . where everyone can see it . audrey look at Ted , impressed with he take - charge attitude . audrey I could just kiss you right now . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 87 . ted 's mom we do not have time for that ! ted I do not know , we have a little time ... ( feel awkward ) but , you know what ? let 's just go ! let 's go . forget about it . ext : STREET - present - day Mooney sit in a o’hare Air truck read a newspaper . across the street , the garage door open and Ted 's Mom pull out into the street and peel out . she fly right by the o' Hare Air truck and Mooney see Ted in the passenger 's seat . Mooney quickly take off after she . int : ted ’'s mom 's car - present - same Ted 's Mom drive like crazy , in and out of traffic loving that she be take Mooney for a ride . ext : STREET - present - same she drive she small car in between two row of traffic that 's too small for the truck . Mooney engage the truck 's nitros , which blast he through traffic like a rocket , knock the other car off the road . Ted 's Mom see the truck gain on she in the rear view mirror . ted 's mom oh ! here it come ! the truck bump she car from behind . she see a street up ahead that 's block off by traffic cone . ted 's mom ( cont ’d ) whoa ! I be go for it ! she make a quick turn down the street . she look back to see the o’hare Air truck be still follow she . then turn back around to find the road ahead be out . she scream and slam on the brake , stop just short of the edge . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 88 . Mooney jump out and fling open the passenger door . he see a fake ted made of a o’hare AIR bottle . ted ’'s mom ( cont ’d ) oh , hello ... Ted 's Mom laugh at he . Mooney growls in frustration . ext : STREET - present - same Ted , audrey and grammy race through the neighborhood on Ted 's scooter ( audrey hold on to Ted and grammy Norma in the back ) . audrey see the shadow of o’hare 's blimp rise over they . audrey Ted , Ted ! Big scary blimp come ! Ted see the blimp catch up to they . o' Hare laugh as he lock a strap around he waist . mcgurk fire up a rocket pack helmet and dive off the blimp towards Ted 's scooter . we reveal o’hare strapped to he chest like a baby bjorn . he hold a bull horn in he hand . o'hare you will not get away with this , boy ! bam ! o' Hare and mcgurk weave in and out of traffic past the fun car we see in thneedville . they get stick behind a man riding a very tall scooter . o’ Hare call to he on the megaphone . o'hare ( cont 'd ) go faster , you idiot ! mcgurk slap the man out of the way as they take off after Ted . grammy norma step on it , Ted ! Ted make a hard turn . Mooney drive out of a tunnel towards they and Ted make a evasive maneuver around the tunnel wall , narrowly avoid he . mcgurk and o'hare turn the corner , head towards Mooney 's truck . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 89 . o'hare whaaa ! slam ! mcgurk and o'hare slam into Mooney 's windshield and slide off like squash bug . mooney oooh ... o'hare ( squash against the windshield ) you be fire ! grammy Norma laugh as she think they have escape , but o’hare get up and take chase on foot . grammy norma whoa , Ted , look out ! Ted turn back around and see he 's go off the road . and be head right towards a OPEN elevator lead to the kite park . ted whoa ! people in the elevator scream . screeech ! Ted slam on the brake . the scooter spin and come to a gentle stop inside the elevator next to a little boy hold a kite . they look outside the elevator and see o’hare and he goons run toward they . audrey Ted ... Ted , panic , press the '' close door '' button repeatedly . o' Hare and he goons be get closer . o'hare nobody beat --! the door close just in the nick of time . ding . o'hare ( cont 'd ) dammit ! int : elevator - present - continuous everyone on the elevator star awkwardly at Ted , audrey , and grammy Norma . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 90 . ext : kite park - present -— continuous ding ! the elevator door open , and they speed out into the kite Park , which be at the top of thneedville 's tallest building . Ted weave in and out of the kide fly kite power by giant fan . they stop at the edge of the building . ted not good ! how 's it do ? audrey look down at the seed and o’hare spot it from down in the street with he binocular . mcgurk give he a gun that shoot metal pincher . he fire it at audrey , but miss the seed and grab onto one of the giant fan behind they . grammy norma ( laugh ) loser ! o'hare oh , really ? o' Hare tug the line redirecting the fan toward they . whooooosh ! the power of the fan blows the seed right out of audrey 's hand ! ted hey ! audrey oh no . the seed ! the three of they watch helplessly as the seed fly up in the air . from the ground , o’hare spy it with he binocular . o'hare ( to he goons ) get that seed ! mcgurk go after it on he scooter as o’hare hop in the sidecar . up above , Ted see this and revs up he scooter . ted hang on ! here we go ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 91 . he ride off the edge of the roof , landing in the snow of the ski slope below . swooosh ! grammy fall off . ted ( cont 'd ) grammy ! grammy Norma push a guy off he snowboard and borrow it to catch up with Ted 's scooter . she get she leg and start to have fun . audrey oh , wow ! seriously ?! how cool be you gramma ?! she blow a kiss to a skier , who do a double take , not watch where he 's go . the skier slam right into a fake fir tree . Ted watch as the seed continue fall past the ski slope toward the ground . ted no ! grammy Norma pull to a stop at the bottom and Ted catch up with she . ted ( cont 'd ) cc’mon ! ext : STREET - present - same down below in the street , o’hare spot it with he binocular . o'hare there it be ! the seed float down and land right inside the empty air bottle . the o’hare Delivery man go to pick up the bottle , but see o’hare 's truck come right at he and run away . o'hare ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , hey ! watch the road , you meathead ! still look through the binocular while drive , Mooney accidentally crash he truck into the building . and all of the empty AIR bottle in the back spill out ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 92 . there must be hundred of they . they all begin rolling down the hilly street , sweeping the bottle with the seed in it up with they . it 's a awesome sight as they all roll and bounce down the hill . the bottle smack o’hare in the face and the one with the seed bounce by before he can grab it . o'hare ( cont 'd ) hey , ow -ow - ow ! oh! c’mon ! mcgurk turn the scooter around and go after it . just then , Ted 's scooter approach at the bottom of the hill . o' Hare catch up to the bottle with the seed and grab it , laughing in victory . but he hand get stick and he can not reach the seed . o'hare ( cont 'd ) what the --?! he hold out he arm to Mooney in the other truck . o'hare ( cont 'd ) get it unstuck ! get it unstuck ! Ted drive toward he play chicken . o'hare ( cont 'd ) bring it on , teddy ! you do not have the gut ! grammy scream . audrey Ted ! at the last second , Ted lean the scooter over and skid underneath o’hare and the bottle . it go into slo-mo . ted ( in slo - mo ) grammy ! grammy hook the bottle with she cane and yank it away from o'hare . Ted rights the bike and the scene go back to normal speed . ted & audrey & grammy yeah ! yes ! wahoo ! mcgurk be distract and they head right toward the two Marketing guy share a milkshake at a outdoor cafe . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 93 . o'hare hey , hey , hey ! marketing guy ( in unison ) hey , it 's Mr. o --! smash ! Ted speed away . grammy norma take that shorty ! ext . town square - present - continuous Ted drive up onto the curb and screech to a halt right in the center of town by the statue of o’hare . Ted , audrey and grammy Norma quickly get off the scooter . grammy Norma hit she cane against the ground , but it 's paved over . ted okay , we have to get this in the ground . audrey but where ? there 's no dirt anywhere ! grammy norma ooh ! grammy Norma smile and scamper over to the bulldozer park by the '' coming soon ! another parking lot ! '' construction site . climb into the cab . ted no , um , grammy ... ba-ruuuummmble ! she fire up the bulldozer and start pull lever . the bulldozer growl like a dinosaur and immediately begin spin out of control . vrrrruuuumbl ! grammy norma whoopsy ! she pull another lever and the bulldozer arm swing around and sever the head off the o’hare statue . the head fall to the ground , crack open the pavement and revealing -- a patch of dirt . the bulldozer stop . grammy Norma climb down to join they . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 - 12 final lock reel conform 94 , grammy norma ( cont ’d ) see ? what have I tell you ? easy . huh ? woman ( 0.s. hey ! then they turn to find dozen of townspeople have gather to see what the commotion be . woman ( cont 'd ) they break o’hare 's head ! another woman what do you think you be do , kid ? Ted stare at the crowd . busted . ted um ...i be ... I be look for a place to plant a tree . a real one . woman why would we need a tree ? o'hare ( 0.s. ) exactly . everyone turn and see o’hare lean on he break statue 's head . all eye be on he . Ted cringe . ted ( to himself ) oh , man . o' Hare address people in the crowd individually like a politician . o'hare folk , the last thing you want around here be tree . they be filthy , spew that sticky , nasty sap all over the place . ( to Marie ) they bring poisonous ant and sting bee . he stick he finger into Marie 's ice cream cone . then lick it off . marie hey ! Dr. the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 95 . o'hare ouch . ( to the Marie 's Mom ) think about the kid . Marie run to she Mom , scared . o'hare ( cont 'd ) ( to a maintenance Worker ) and ... I just think of , you know , they make leave ! I mean , you know that right ?! and this leave they just fall . they just fall where ever they want . the crowd gasp . a man in the crowd faint . the crowd murmur , concerned . the tide be definitely against Ted . audrey ( to the crowd ) oh come on ! we know why you be really against tree ! because they produce fresh air ! o' Hare frown . ted ( to the crowd ) for free ! the crowd start murmure at this . o'hare ( gasp ) I be wounded ! you have lie ! audrey it be not a lie ! it 's call photosynthesis ! o'hare oh , come on ! she 's make that up ! that 's a make up word , people ! thneedville be perfect just the way it be . we do not need tree ! ( point accusingly at Ted ) that boy have a seed ! we need to stop he ! who 's with I ? c’mon ! man o’hare 's right ! Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 96 . marketing guy # 2 seed will ruin we all ! crowd stop it ! yeah ! I be afraid of bee ! grab he ! o' Hare move menacingly toward Ted , the crowd follow he . o'hare last chance , kid . Hand it over . audrey turn to Ted . what do we do now ? Ted get a idea . quickly hop up onto the bulldozer . o'hare ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go ? ted ( to grammy and audrey ) c'mon , let 's go . get in . get in ! they join he in the bulldozer 's cab . he hand audrey the seed and put the bulldozer in gear and drive away . o'hare stop that maniac ! Ted honk the horn and o’hare run out of the way . ted Excuse I ! Excuse I ! watch out ! the bulldozer drive out of town Square and o'hare run after they . the crowd follow . Ted head straight for the wall surround the town . audrey Ted , you be gonna hit the wall ! ted yeah , I know . smash !!! the bulldozer connect with the wall . then ...crack . a line appear in the wall . it grow ... and expands ... until finally a huge section of it crumble to the ground . revealing the desolate landscape outside . everyone stare in stunne silence . o’ Hare try take the focus off the landscape . o'hare wow ! do you see that ? who do this kid think he be ? huh ? Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 97 . Ted leap onto the top of the bulldozer . ted I be Ted wiggins . ( beat ) and I speak for the tree . ( beat ) and the fact be thing be not perfect here in thneedville . and they be only go to get worse unless we do something about it . unless we change we way . and we can start by plant this ! Ted hold up the seed . the crowd gasp in awe as the little sprout open up , revealing the first sign of a tuft . o’ Hare grimace . address the crowd . o'hare okay , come on now , everything 's fine . right ? I say we tell this kid what we think about that seed ! people , c’mon ! the crowd do not know what to do . o’ Hare pull the sing Delivery man aside . o'hare ( cont 'd ) you ! get out there right now and get this people on my side ! or else you be fire ! ( so crowd can here ) go on ! tell ‘em what you think ! song : '' let it grow '' ext . town square - present - continuous the sing Delivery man stare at all the people . singing delivery man you do not know I , but my name 's cy , I be just the o'hare deliver guy , but it seem like tree might be worth a try , so I say let it grow Ted and audrey smile at this . o’ Hare frown . what ? then a couple , dan and rose , step forward , emboldene by the sing Delivery man 's word . they address the crowd . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 98 . dan my name be Dan rose and my name 's Rose . stand next to they be they son , the glow Boy . dan and rose we son wesley kind of glow . and that 's not good , so we suppose we should let it grow ! several member of the crowd nod , agree . Ted 's Mom address the crowd . ted 's mom let it grow let it grow Ted look up at he Mom , impressed by she amazing sing voice . ted be mom , singing delivery man , and maintenance worker you can not reap what you do not sow . Plant a seed inside the earth , people from around the town hear they sing and walk over to join the crowd . ted be mom , singing delivery man , and maintenance worker ( cont ’d ) just one way to know its worth , let 's celebrate the world 's rebirth - we say let it grow ! the little girl , Marie , step forward . marie my name 's Marie , and I be three I would really like to see a tree the crowd react to she undeniable cuteness . everyone awwwwwww ... marie La la la la la la la la la la lee I say let it grow Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 99 . grammy Norma slide down from the bulldozer and address the crowd . grammy norma I be grammy Norma , I be old , and I have get gray hair but I remember when tree be everywhere the crowd be move by this . o’ Hare can see he 's lose ground . grammy norma ( cont ’d ) and no one have to pay for air ( poke o'hare with she cane ) so I say let it grow ! the whole crowd now join in on the chorus . o’ Hare can see he 's lose ground . Ted lead everyone back down towards town square . crowd let it grow let it grow like it do so long ago ! it be just one tiny seed but it 's all we really need it 's time to change the life we lead time to let it grow ! now o'hare step out of the middle of the crowd onto the top of he severe statue 's head . o'hare my name 's o'hare , I be one of you , I live here in thneedville too . the thing you say just might be true , it could be time to start anew , and maybe change my point of view ... everyone be touch by o’hare 's willingness to change . o'hare ( cont 'd ) naw ! I say let it die ! o' Hare now try to get everyone sing with he . o'hare ( cont 'd ) let it die let it die ( more ) Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 100 . o'hare ( cont 'd ) let it shrivel up and ... ( no one 's sing along ) come on ! who 's with I ? huh ? the crowd just stare back at he . even he own man look away . marie nobody . singing delivery man you greedy dirtbag ! everyone surround o’hare and point to he accusingly . crowd let it grow let it grow let the love inside you show Mooney slap the rocket helmet to o’hare 's head and send he fly off screen . crowd ( cont 'd ) Plant a seed inside the earth , just one way to know its worth , let 's celebrate the world 's rebirth -- we say let it grow ! o'hare nooooo00000 ! crowd let it grow let it grow you can not reap what you do not sow ext : lerkim - present - same the once-ler 's eye appear in the board up window . he look toward thneedville , try to make out the faint music he hear in the distance . townspeople ( 0.s. ) it be just one tiny seed but it 's all we really need the once-ler turn he ear to the window , but it 's still too faint . he disappear back inside he lerkim . Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 101 . int : lerkim - present - same it 's hard to make out anything in the dark and shadowy room . then the once-ler 's glove hand appear , grab the handle of a rusty old axe next to the great - great - great grandfather snail on he desk . we can barely make out the silhouette of the once-ler raise the axe over he head , then ... townspeople ( 0.s. ) it 's time to banish all you greed whack ! he chop away at the board cover he window . whack ! crack ! the axe break through the board and sunlight shine into the room for the first time in year . townspeople ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) imagine thneedville flower and treed ! then , the once-ler step into the light and move toward the window . we see he face for the first time . Old and wrinkle , with a enormous , lorax - like moustache . the Old once - ler lean out of the window and listen . Far off in the distance , he hear voice sing . townspeople ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) let this be we solemn creed ! the once-ler 's sad old eye slowly widen as he realize what he 's hearing . tear begin to well up as he look down at the '' unless '' stone below he , then back toward thneedville . a proud smile creep across he face . once-ler thank you , Ted . ext : town square - present —- same the crowd of people watch as Ted and audrey prepare to plant the little seed into the ground . rock surround the hole in a protective circle ( a echo of what the lorax and animal do earlier ) . everyone we say let it grow ( in thneedville ) audrey lean in and surprise Ted with a kiss on the cheek . his eye go wide . everyone ( cont 'd ) we say let it grow ( it 's a brand new dawn ) ( more ) Dr. seuss ' the lorax 1 - 6 -12 final lock reel conform 102 . everyone ( cont 'd ) we say let it grow ( in thneedville ) we say let it grow it 's a brand new dawn ... grammy Norma walk over with a water can as Ted plant the seed . she water it and the tree begin to grow towards camera in time - lapse . ext : lerkim —- present - day Cross dissolve from the sapling in town Square to one grow in the desolate wasteland outside of the lerkim . the Old once- ler step outside with a water can in hand . he make he way over to the unless stone where some small patch of grass be beginning to grow around the tiny truffula tree . the once-ler carefully sprinkle water on a few sapling and smile . then , he hear a faint sound off in the distance . the same sound he hear when the lorax disappear into the sky year ago . he look up and see the smoggy cloud beginning to part . a ray of sunshine fall upon he and a swomee - swan swoops down from above . the amaze once-ler watch the bird fly by then turn to the unless stone where he see -- the lorax . float back down to the stone . smiling . the once-ler can not contain himself and laugh in Joy . lorax you do good , beanpole . you do good . the Old once - ler kneel down and give he a hug . lorax ( cont 'd ) by the way , nice mustache . fade to black . title card : '' unless someone like you care a whole awful lot , nothing be go to get better . it 's not . '' -- Dr. seuss fade to black . credit begin :