the war of the world final white barré lyndon December 18 , 1951 fade in : H. G. well ' book we see the colorful cover , then the first page . a voice with a Wells - like accent quote the open word : voice no one would have believe , in the first decade of the twentieth century ... dissolve : special effect - sky full of star the planet Mars show just above the spire and roof - top of a city on the horizon . voice ( continue ) ... that human affair be be watch keenly and closely by intelligence great than man' . Mars be pick out of the sky and bring to the screen as if by some enormous telescope with a infinite field . it become a small ball . enlarge to a pallid disk . come to moon size . voice no one give a think to the older world as a source of human danger . yet across the gulf of space , on the planet Mars ... now Mars have grow big and ruddy - color . mysterious canal reveal . vegetation patch shadowy . one thin polar cap shimmer . voice intellect vast and cool and unsym - pathetic regard we earth with envious eye , slowly and surely draw they plan against we . special effect - our world - moving shot see in space with its halo of atmosphere , beautiful . voice few voice be ever raise in warning as , with infinite compla - cency , man go to and for over this globe , busy about they affair . dissolve : series of thumbnail flash ( stock ) design to get over the enjoyment of life on this earth today . a . Gay , seven -piece dixieland band , whapping out a fast tempo in a night club . Grand National at aintree . parade at the Carnival de Nice . gambling in a casino . trooping the color , London . pack stadium and a smash football game . geisha party in Tokyo . voice ( over f. and g. ) it do not occur to mankind that a swift fate might be hang over we . or that , from the blackness of outer space , we be be scrutinize a - 5a . and study . during this , camera move in on the geisha girl . we be close on the round case of one of they strange - sounding instrument as we - dissolve : special effect - mar the planet as we see it before . camera move in until the planet be huge on the screen . strange and baleful . voice Mars be more than one hundred and forty million mile from the sun , and for century it have be in the last stage of exhaustion . its rock have absorb almost all oxygen from its air , turn they red . special effect - martian landscape a geometric pattern of great canal join in the far distance to center on a martian metropolis . High atop a tower a light pulsate rhythmically . voice most of its water have go . at night , temperature drop to more than one hundred and twenty degree below zero , even at the equator . series of dissolves - special effect ( moving shot ) camera float through the blackness of space , pick - ing up each succeed spectacle . a . we solar system , as see from Mars . the sun golden . mercury ruddy and hot . venus beau - tiful , bright . saturn with its tinted ring and moon . Jupiter big , cloudy , with four moon . Uranus and Neptune both greenish - yellow , toxic . and Pluto far away . voice the inhabitant of this die planet look across space with instrument and intelli - gence of which we have scarcely dream ... camera move in on Pluto , dim in outer space . voice ( cont would ) usearch for another World to which they could migrate . they could not go to Pluto , outermost of all the planet , and so cold that its atmosphere lie freeze on its surface . camera pick up Neptune and Uranus , cloud giant with poison - color atmosphere . voice ( cont would ) they could not go to Neptune or Uranus - twin world in eternal night and perpetual cold . each surround by a unbreathable atmosphere full of methane gas and ammonia vapor . the martian consider saturn . bear saturnian landscape . Midnight - blue space -sky cross by merge ring of cosmic dust . Bright -edge , full of color and marvelous to see . voice a attractive world with its many moon and beautiful ring of cosmic dust . but its temperature be close to two hundred and seventy degree below zero , and ice lie fifteen thousand mile deep on its surface . they nearest world be giant Jupiter ... c . effect Pan shot - landscape of Jupiter a incredible world . Cliffs flame at the top and spilling into fume lake . everywhere the same process repeat itself . voice where there be titanic cliff of lava and ice , with hydrogen flame at the top . where the atmospheric pressure be terrible - thousand of pound to the square inch . on Mars it be only four pound . they could not go there . nor to venus , which have no oxygen and no water . nor could they go to mercury nearest planet to the sun . da . effect - mercurian landscape . a glaring sun be enormous in a dark sky , star visible near it . the land be heat -haze , waterless , fissure . volcanic cone and lava pool . voice it have no air . and the temperature at its equator be that of molten lead . of all the world that the intelligence on Mars could see and study ..... e . North american continent , see from a great height , show cloud , forest , glisten lake and river . voice ... only we own warm earth be green with vegetation , bright with water , and possess a cloudy atmosphere eloquent of fertility . £ . Sky full of star above a small town and hill .... Mars low in the sky . voice at the time of we nearest approach to the orbit of Mars , during a pleasant summer season .... Far away in the sky we see a fall star . voice ... in the late hour of a Friday evening ... dissolve : int . forestry lookout post ( night ) a fire lookout and he deputy , fiddler hawkins - round - face , hearty - be seat at a small table by a big window , play card . behind they be a osborne fire-finder . on a shelf be can of tobacco , fruit , coffee , a pipe , magazine . the lookout 's glance go upward to the sky and be hold there . special effect - sky & meteor ( 1 ) the meteor leave a thin , luminous streak . ext . fishing camp ( night ) near a stream , beyond which , through tree , be a broad meadow . small tent . a lantern hang froma branch . wader hang on another limb . Beyond , in the meadow , rest a small stinson cabin plane . near the tent , a convertible be park . a small , round , bald man - bilderbeck - be fry trout in a pan over the fire , he hatband decorate with pretty fly . a young man - pryor - be come from the direction of the stream , with clean - ed trout strung on a stick . a third man - clayton forrester - butch haircut and hornrim - be sit on a log , work over he tackle , look skyward . he call . the other look with he . 10 . 11 . 12 . 13 . 14 . 15 . special effect - sky & meteor ( 2 ) it be large . its bright trail be thicker . ext . movie theater - MAIN STREET linda rosa ( night ) the small - town , California audience be break after the last show . among they be two young parent , the father carry a sleep baby . Teen -ager head for the ice-cream parlor next door . a lose kid be bawling on the sidewalk . a man on a ladder be add '' held over " to the marquee which feature " samson and delilah . " like most the other , he be look at the sky . the camera pick up sylvia van buren - twenty -six , normal , nice , admire the sleep baby . near she be pastor collin - white -haire . he be gaze at the sky as he touch sylvia 's arm . she look and stand stare . special effect - sky and meteor ( 3 ) altogether larger now , rush aslant down the sky . group - at linda rosa a group have form on the sidewalk by sylvia and the pastor - wash perry , big tooth , no hat , shirt -sleeve . " zippy ' , a clumsy youth . salvador , a swarthy , good - nature mexican . alonzo hogue , local realtor , chew tobacco . group - ad lib be that a fireball or somep and ? Boy , that 's big ! - maybe it 's a comet - look like it 's come right at we ! special effect - sky and meteor ( 4 ) huge , brilliant , fusing and frightening . its tail seem to spurt more brilliantly as the meteor vanish beyond building and dark tree . group - at fishing camp look o.s. at the meteor . pryor slap a mosquito . bilderbeck that be a meteorite - ( returning to fire ) - burn itself out . 16 . 17 . pryor ( unstring fish ) there 's never much leave of when they hit the ground . " they Clayton turn after they , then pause , look again toward where the meteor land . group - at linda rosa everyone stare o.s. fascinate . a little alarmed . group - ad lib that have I scared ! - wonder where it light ? - mile away , I betcha . zippy let 's go find it , huh ? pastor collin that probably drop half way to pomona !... what do you think ? sylvia it be nearer than that . zippy I be gonna see . who 's come ? he start out . other teen - ager follow he . forestry lookout post lookout at the phone . fiddler , crouch , sighting the firefinder , still hold he card . lookout ( at phone ) this be pine summit . I have get a smoke . fiddler ( reading firefinder ) one sixty ... thirty . lookout ( at phone ) azimuth read - one hundred sixty degree thirty minute . ( gazing out window ) about ten mile . it must - a hit red hot ! fiddler straighten , sneak a glance at the lookout 's card , then study he own . 18 . 19 . 20 . 21 . lookout ( at phone ) you better get somepin out there - it 's start a blaze already ! dissolve : ext . secondary highway - ( night ) camera pan fast on a small forestry service tanker come down the road , red light blink . scatter tree and scrub in b.g . dissolve : ext . dirt road & gully - full shot - ( night ) the road curve near low , sharp little hill . the ground be rough , scattered with prickly pear , yucca , small bush , stunt tree . at the foot of the hill be a fairly deep gully . bushes , grass , small tree be burn all around this . the tanker be on the scene . the fire -crew be be help by teen - ager from Linda Rosa and man from nearby farm . quick cut - around the gully area a . Men dip sack into a tub of water , run to fire in b.g. Zippy and other slapping out flame with wet gunny sack . b . uniform Ranger attack burn bush with a spray extinguisher . two man hack furiously with brush hook . the tanker move along a edge of the fire . two man riding it , spraying flame . the ranger survey the fire , then turn to a small forestry pickup truck in f.g. ext . gully at pickup truck - close shot the ranger put he extinguisher in the truck , pick up the radio transmitter , push the switch . ranger ( into mike ) number three to . d.o.... number three to d.o. radio voice d.o. to number three .. come in . 2la . 22 . ranger we be get this under control . wo not need any more help . over . radio voice okay . send the tanker in , but you stand by until that thing cool off . over . ranger I think somebody ought to check on it . over . radio voice well , there 's some fellow fishing at pine summit might be interested . they probably see it come down . I will let ‘em know ... what 's it look like ? the Ranger glance in the direction of the meteor . special effect - ext . gully - meteor at one end of the gully . mostly bury , but a thick , blunt , round end show out of the loose sand and rock . massive . on its surface be red-hot blur , like fire under ash . rangers voice ( 0.s . ) can not get near enough to see it very well - it 's too hot -- but it 's a whale of a size ! dissolve : ext . fishing camp - group Clayton forrester , pryor , bilderbeck , sit by the fire , eat . all the making of a meal be on a nearby box : coffee , roll , butter , honey , can fruit , fry tomato . extra helping of fish simmer in the pan . a beat - up station wagon lurch out of the darkness in b.g . the three look up , surprised . fiddler , the deputy ranger from the lookout post , alight . fiddler ( Calling ) I get a message for you . ( move in ) you be the guy from Pacific - tech , be not you ? clayton right. 23 . fiddler ( eyeing pan ) look like the fishing be good . bilderbeck have some ? fiddler ( eagerly - hitching over a box ) well ... I might just do that ...! mo . close shot - group fiddler reach for a plate , then help himself liberally to everything in sight - most of the remain fish , two roll , a hunk of butter , coffee . the other stop eat and watch he . fiddler ( talk between grab ) it 's about that meteor . they say it 's a whopper . the District Officer phone we at the lookout up on the summit . think you might be interested ... it 's ten or twelve mile from here - over by Linda Rosa . clayton be they sure it 's a meteor ? it do not come down like one . fiddler ( gesture with fish on he fork ) that 's right - come down in kinda spurt , do not it ? ( gobble fish ) you feller will have to figure it out . you be scientist ( put down fork - pluck cigarette from bilderbeck 's shirt pocket ) all I know - they say it 's as big as a house and practically red hot . clayton ( to bilderbeck ) I would like to borrow you car and take a look at it in the morning . bilderbeck nod . pryor look toward the plane in the meadow in b.g. pryor we ought to get back to pasadena . 24 . 25 . ( gesture ) I can fly bilderbeck down in you plane . clayton okay , if he 's willing . ( grinning ) the insurance be pay up . bilderbeck take a stick from the fire and hold it out to fiddler , who be eat again , hold the cigarette . bilderbeck want a light ? fiddler ( glancing ) no. I will smoke it later . he tuck the cigarette behind he ear and go on eat . dissolve : ext . gully & dirt road - ( early morning ) the meteor still lie in the gully , heat -haze , a little thin smoke rise , burn grass and bush in b.g . on the bank of the gully , a woman be kodake two kid against the b.g. of the meteor . Beyond , a few old car and a station wagon have pull off the dirt road ; nearby be pastor Collins 's three - year - old plymouth . ext . gully & dirt road - mo . shot - group sylvia be sit behind the wheel in pastor Collins 's car . the pastor be talk to the uniform Ranger . with they be wash perry , alonzo hogue , salvador , fiddler . a handful of people be scattered in b.g. , eyeing the meteor , talk about it . ranger ( point ) it must have hit way up there , and then skidd along the gully . when it stop , all that loose earth and stuff shook down over it . sylvia it 's probably a stray from a swarm of meteor . alonzo hogue ( to pastor ) 26 . I reckon most of it 's bury . fiddler that 's twelve foot thick , easy . maybe more . alonzo hogue meteor always run heavy . they will not be able to haul this one away to no museum ! ( speculatively ) it will be a real good attraction for Sunday driver . wash perry better and a lion farm or a snake pit . we will not have to feed it ! salvador we sell the tamale , enchilada - hot dog ! fiddler Ice cream , cold drink , souvenir ! pastor collin I think we should put up a few picnic table ... alonzo hogue ( quickly ) naw , naw -- then they would bring they own lunch ! group - outside the gully " buck ' monahan - in service station overall - pass the group , carry a shovel , head for the meteor . in b.g. a convertible pull off the dirt road . fiddler what 's the idea , Buck ? gonna dig for gold ? buck ( indicating meteor ) this be gonna be like have a gold mine in we own back yard ! pastor colllin ( to sylvia ) I be go to get a closer look at it . the man come forward , past camera . sylvia pull out the car key , reach for she purse . the convertible bump up , stop . the back be load with camp 27 . 28 . 29 . gear and cluster fishing rod . Clayton forrester get out , look toward the gully . sylvia glance at he as she start after the other , open she purse . a faint tick SOUND come overscene . clayton be that it over there ? sylvia ( search purse ) yes ... ugly look , be not it . group - from the gully as Buck come on toward the meteor with he shovel . pastor Collins and the other pause to watch he . buck ( Calling back ) it 's still pretty darn hot ! mo . close shot - buck and meteor he shield he face , reach out , probing with he shovel try to determine the size of the meteor . two shot - clayton and sylvia - he car in b.g. he be look toward the gully . she now have a ciga - rette . they pause as she begin look for match . sylvia ( rummaging in purse ) do you see it come down ? clayton ( absently , study gully and meteor ) yes ... I be fishing up in the hill . sylvia ( glancing back at car ) you must have catch plenty with all that tackle ! clayton ( glancing , smile ) oh - there be three of we . ( start forward ) the other fly back in my plane . ( pause again - look os . ) I do not understand why a meteor this size do not make a bigger crater . sylvia ( definite ) it hit sideways and skidd in . he glance at she , a little amused . she catch he eye . sylvia ( cont would ) ( easily ) at least , that 's what I think . I do not really know . ( at purse ) but the Ranger say a scientist be come from Pacific - tech . he will tell we . ( and then ) Clayton forrester . ever hear of he ? clayton ( look o.s. - change the subject ) what 's that fellow over there try to do - dig it out ? sylvia ( over he , not hearing ) he 's top man in astro and nuclear physics . he know all about meteor ! close shot - moving favoring Clayton , as they move on . Clayton be secretly amused , and a little flatter . clayton you seem to know a lot about he . sylvia well , I do a thesis on modern scien - tist - work for my Masters degree . clayton do it do you any good ? sylvia why , sure -- I get it ! do you have a match ? clayton I be sorry . I do not smoke . sylvia ( go on , enthusiastic ) forrester 's the man behind the new atomic engine . they have he on the cover of ' time ' . you have get to rate to get that ! clayton aw , he be not that good ...! sylvia ( protest , stop ) how can you say that when you do not know he ! 31 . two shot - clayton and sylvia clayton I do know he ... slightly . sylvia ( interested at once ) what 's he like ? clayton like ...ah ... Clayton hesitates , point to himself . she stare , then get it . for a moment she be provoke , then she burst naturally into laughter . he laugh with she . sylvia well , you certainly do not look like yourself in that get -up ! ( laugh still , offer hand ) but I be happy to meet you anyway . I be sylvia Van buren . I teach Library Science over at usc . clayton I do not know how to stop you ...! sylvia I might have recognize you without the beard . and you do not wear glass on the ' time ' cover ! clayton they be really for long distance . when I want to look at something close ... ( removing glass , bend to she ) I take they off . 32 . group - from the gully Buck be back off , blow run with sweat . Clayton and sylvia approach from b.g . group - ad lib ( kidding ) you gonna quit ? -- Roll up you sleeve , Buck ! -- we think you be gonna dig it out by yourself . Buck join the group , wiping sweat . camera move in as Clayton come up with sylvia . buck Boy - you could fry egg on it ! clayton all that sand will keep the heat in for a long time . sylvia ( to pastor Collins ) uncle Matthew ... this be Dr. Clayton forrester . ( to Clayton ) my uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins , pastor of the Community Church . pastor collin ( offer hand , pleased ) well - 1...how do you do , Dr. forrester ! clayton ( courteous - warm ) how dtyou do , sir ? sheriff' voice ( 0o.s . ) ( excitedly call ) hey - you ! all look quickly . 33 . ext . clayton be car - close shot - moving shot camera be close and angle down in the back of the car . tucked along fishing and camp gear alongside a box of iced trout be a impressive geiger counter , chatter furiously . a signal light be flash rapidly . the sheriff 's hand reach for it . camera move back and he face come into scene , look down at the counter . sheriff ( yelling off ) what you get in here , feller ?... it 's tick like a bomb ! the shot widen as Clayton enter with pastor Collins , sylvia , the Ranger and other . Clayton reach into the car and pick up a short pole - meter attach to the counter . he swing it around . the click slow . he lift the counter out , point the pole - meter at the gully . the light flash become a rapid blur , brilliant . the chatter increase to a high - pitch buzz . clayton ( to sheriff ) this be a geiger counter for detect radio-activity . we do a little sur - vey while we be up in the hill . ( above SOUND of the counter - look o.s . ) it 's that meteor . pastor collin it 's radio-active ? sheriff look at this thing -- goin 's crazy ! he reach for the geiger . Clayton let he have it and remain look toward the gully . the SOUND of the geiger counter continue over scene . clayton ( puzzle ) it 's difficult to account for a reaction like that ! ranger ( move in ) maybe we ought to keep people away from it , huh ? clayton ( quietly - think ) might be a good idea . sheriff I will post two - three deputy . they can watch it do not start any more fire . close shot - clayton , pastor & sylvia clayton you know , that meteor 's either very light - which be unheard of ! - or else it 's hollow somehow . if it be solid and heavy it would have make a tremendous crater when it land . ( suddenly ) I think I will stay around until it cool off . 35 . 36 . ( to sylvia ) if you could tell I of a place in town -- ( stroke he chin ) -- I would like to clean up . pastor collin I would be delighted if you would stay at my house , Doctor forrester . clayton thank you . ( look toward meteor ) it probably will not be cool for another twenty - four hour . ( to sylvia ) what do people do around here on a Saturday ? sylvia ( returning he smile ) they do not do much of anything ...! pastor collin there 's a square dance at the social hall this evening . dissolve : out int . social hall , linda rosa - ( night ) very close on fiddler hawkins , sweat , call the dance , hold violin . fiddler ( raucous ) a hickory limp and a ole burn stump - go meet you honey and everybody jump ! camera pull back . fiddler wear Levis , embroider shirt . with he be a guitar player in a dress - up western outfit . everybody 's stomping . Girls in tight bodice , swirl skirt , bow in they hair , Men in t-shirt , suit and shirtsleeve , Levis , fron - tier pants and cowboy boot . fiddler ( cont would ) now promenade two and promenade four - promenade that pretty gal all around the floor . camera pick up Clayton and sylvia promenade arm in arm in a set which include the sheriff . Clayton 37 . 38 . 39 . 40 . wear tan gabardine slack , fresh shirt , tie with a western motif . he be clean-shaven . sylvia wear a forget - I - not cotton print , with style to it . Clayton be not a accomplish square dancer , but he be not bad . sylvia check he wrong move in response to the next rollick call . he laugh . they both enjoy this . fiddler' voice now face you lady and make a bow , she 's a pretty one you will allow ! Point the heel and point the toe - now you be makin 's a do -si-do . Mom - there 's a chicken in the bread-bin a-peckin ' at the dough ! one more change and on we go . dissolve : special effect - ext . gully - meteor - ( night ) no smoke now . its appearance be otherwise unchange . ext . gully - mo . shot - ( night ) wash perry , alonzo hogue , salvador . behind they , two old car be park not far from the gully . a small fire burn on the open ground . the three man step forward toward the gully , peer through the dark - ness . salvador switch on a flashlight . special effect - ext . gully - close shot - meteor still , ominous , as the flashlight hit it . close shot - wash , salvador , alonzo they move toward the gully , salvador play the flashlight ahead . as they pause on the edge of the gully , he cut the light . alonzo hogue look almost cold now , do not it ? wash perry that will not start no more fire . we might 's well go home . alonzo hogue ( spit - start away ) yeah . no sense stayin ' out here . wash perry ( follow he ) let 's go . as they start away , camera move close on salvador . he raise the flashlight for a last look at the meteor and pop it on directly into the lense . salvador ( in alarm ) hey - it 's movin " ! 41 . special effect - ext . gully - mo . shot - reverse shot - the three alonzo hogue and wash perry , f.g. , whirl and go back to salvador . Beyond they in the gully , the meteor be light by salvador 's flashlight . something be move on top of it . 4la . close three shot eye pop as they stare off at the meter . 4lb . special effect - meteor thin gray clinker be drop off in flake . the round top be turn . a thread of bright metal appear between the move top and the body . 42 . mo . close three shot - ( moving shot ) they start to back off . alonzo hogue it 's a bomb ! salvador it do not go off last night -- it 's go off now ! wash perry it 's a enemy sneak attack . let 's get outta here ! alonzo hogue ( stop they ) wait a minute - wait a minute !.... bomb do not unscrew . wash perry ( back away again ) it 's no meteor , that 's for sure ! alonzo hogue 43 . 44 , 45 . 46 . 47 . ( back away too ) darnedest thing I ever see - the way that 's unscrew ! salvador only stare as they all retreat . special effect - meteor - ( moving shot ) camera move slowly back . the top segment of the meteor be turn steadily . the band of bright metal be rapidly grow wider , serrate , greenish - white . dissolve : int . social hall - side line - ( night ) favore sylvia , sit on a bench against the wall , fan herself with a lace handkerchief . Clayton come to she between guy , wiping sweat . Girls fix - ing shake hair - do 's . people argue about who ruin the square . Clayton have two soft drink with straw , hand one bottle to sylvia , drop on the bench beside she . fiddler 's voice come over scene . sylvia ( take bottle ) thank you , Doctor forrester ... ( glancing ) you have fun ? dance floor shoot past Clayton and sylvia . he be sweat . Beyond they , hearty dancer be go to town . clayton yes . and you know what I be think ? ( wiping sweat - eyeing dancer ) if we could gather all the energy expend in just one square dance , we could send that meteor back to where it come from . dissolve : out special effect - ext . gully - meteor ( moving shot ) camera move in slowly . the bright band of metal 48 . 49 , 50 . 51 . 52 . 53. be now almost two foot wide . suddenly the rotate section fall away like a shell , uncover bright metal within the open . mo . close shot - wash , salvador & alonzo camera move with they as they inch forward toward the gully . a faint , reddish light catch they face . salvador flick the spotlight on . special effect - mo . shot - meteor open the metal sheath within the open part , shutter - like , allow vivid , reddish light to glow upward from the interior . a hissing SOUND come from the meteor . close three shot they stare , fascinate . the SOUND die away . special effect - mo . full shot - meteor the light in the open dim . something begin to appear from inside , revolve about , make a whining SOUND . dimly see , it emerge . it be flatten , hood , with faintly - luminous opening -- almost cobra-like . it turn as if scan the area -- snout glitter . out three shot wash , alonzo and salvador move forward cautiously , warily watch the meteor . wash perry must be somebody in there . salvador who ? where d' you think they come from ! wash perry how would I know ...! alonzo hogue ( significantly ) I read someplace - Mars be near the earth right now . they look at he - all get the same idea . alonzo hogue ( cont would ) happens every eighteen or twenty year , they say . ( softly ) Men from Mars - whaddya think ? salvador ( uneasily ) maybe this be not man - not like we . wash perry everything human do not have to look like you and I .... alonzo hogue if it 's man from Mars , we ought to let them know we be friendly ! salvador ( Quick - warning ) do not fool around with something when we do not know what it be ! wash perry we would be the first to make contact with them -- see ? alonzo hogue ( sharp - suggest ) we would be in all the papers ! wash perry ( eagerly ) hey , how about that ! alonzo hogue we could show them we be friendly , huh ? walk out there with a white flag ! ( turn ) here - I get a old sugar sack in my car ! he leave the two and run back to he car and get the sack and rip it open . he pick up the shovel discard earlier by Buck , start to tie the sack to it . salvador ( in £.g. - to wash . ) what will we say to ‘em ? wash perry welcome to California ! 54 , 55 . 56 . 57 . 58. alonzo hogue rejoin they , swinging he white flag from side to side as they look off toward the meteor . special effect - meteor open now the shape be extend on a flexible , glisten shaft , revolve about . close shot - the three ( moving shot ) they begin to smile as they move forward over the rough ground . salvador do not like it too well , but he come along . salvador how they gonna understand we ? alonzo hogue we will talk in sign language . wash perry ( bolster he own feeling ) they will understand we , all right ! salvador ( reassuring himself ) sure , sure ! everybody understand you wave the white flag , you wanna be friend . out . special effect - close on hooded shape on shaft revolving around . then it seem to zero in the direction of the approach group . a light begin to flicker within the head mechanism . mo . full shot - group & cobra -headed shape camera framed over the mechanism in f.g. Beyond , on the edge of the gully , the three man spread out . alonzo hold the flag high . wash lift he Panama hat . salvador wave a handkerchief . wash perry hey , there - open up ! alonzo hogue come on out ! we be friend ! 59 . 60 . 60a . salvador ( nervous - open-armed ) that 's right ! we welcome you . special effect - close shot - cobra head the glitter light within the hood brighten and begin to glow red and yellow . wash perry' voice ( o.s. ) we be friend ! salvador's voice ( 0.s. ) yeah - all friend here ! a blind flash - red , orange , yellow , spit from the hood shape , obliterate everything . a unearthly scream accompany it . special effect - ext . gully - three men & meteor a reverse angle across wash perry , salvador and alonzo hogue to the hood shape beyond . the blast of the heat - ray - pulsate , glaring - outline they momentarily as stark silhouettes , then engulf they in searing flame . as the horrible scream reach a crescendo , the man become incandescent , glow , then crumpling . dissolve : int . social hall favore Clayton and sylvia , near the climax of a set . fiddler' voice here we come with the old mess wagon , the hind wheel off and the axle draggin 's ... every light cut off . the music fade out . the set break up . people bump into one another . square dancers ( ad lib ) what 's the big idea ? - who 's monkey - ing with the light ? - get you hand outa my pocket ! - where 's the fuse box ? a girl titter shrilly as a boy hug she . fiddler' voice no smoochin ' in the dark , folk ! 61 . 62. near refreshment counter someone light a candle and put it in a bottle . dancer be milling , laugh , kid . Zippy be at a pay phone on the wall , between the counter and the door to the street . Clayton and sylvia move into the sheriff push past they . fiddler ( at a window ) hey , look ! - look ! every light in the town 's go out . sheriff ( to Zippy ) call the electric company . see what happen . zippy ( jogging receiver ) the phone 's go dead ! clayton ( to sylvia , glance ) the phone 's not on the same circuit as the light . shoot out from the refreshment counter , favor a elderly man and he wife . elderly man what they sayin ' , honey ? ( removing ear - plug ) somep and 's go wrong with my hear - ing aid ! pastor collin well , we always play ' goodnight , lady ' at twelve o'clock , anyway . ( reaching for pocket watch ) it must be nearly that now - my watch have stop . sheriff I get the time . ( at wrist - watch ) no - mine 's stop , too ! zippy so 's mine ! crowd - ad lib ( look at watch , 63 . 64 . 65 . shaking they ) jeeper , mine be not workin ' , either ! what be this ? - hey , look , the clock 's stop - my watch be not go - how could this happen ! group - clayton , sylvia , sheriff , pastor collin in f.g. Clayton look at he watch , then at sylvia 's . he slip off he own . sylvia they have all stop at the same time . clayton there 's only about one explanation for a thing like this .. get a pin ? she reach under the lapel of the pastor 's jacket , hand a pin to Clayton . he put it on the counter , then bring the case of he watch near it . insert : wrist - watch and pin the pin leap at the watch - case , draw magnetically . clayton' voice see that ? my watch be magnetize . sylvia 's hand come into shot as she slip off she wrist - watch to try it against the pin . group - favoring clayton everyone start to test watch case against bobby - pin , hairpin , exclaim . clayton that 's what knock the phone out , too . sheriff how could it happen to everybody 's watch together ? clayton ( over he ) have you get a pocket compass ? the sheriff produce one in a case . Clayton set it on the counter . they bend to watch the needle . sheriff 66 . 67 . 68. ( sharply ) that needle be not point north ! clayton it 's point out to the gully - where that meteor come down . the thin scream of a siren sound 0.s. everyone start for the door . ext . MAIN STREET , linda rosa shoot from the entrance of the social hall , as people pile out , Clayton , sylvia and pastor Collins with they . the town be completely black out . the only visible light be from a police car , use hand siren and red blinker . its headlight silver the dark street as it race up . sylvia how do it happen car be run ? clayton automobile ignition be insulate . brake screech . the car pull over , stop . a cop - middle - age , solid - tumble out . cop sheriff ! what 's goin ' on ? sheriff ( hurrying to he ) I do not know no more and you , Joe . clayton ( to sylvia and pastor Collins , move away ) Excuse I ... cop ( point ) look at the fire out there ! special effect - there view Beyond house and hilltop , the glow of a fire , four mile away . ext . social hall - by the cop' car the cop and the sheriff gaze out as Clayton join 69 . 70 . 71 . 72 . they . everyone stare with they . sheriff ( to Clayton ) let 's go see ! they get into the car . sylvia watch it go . SOUND of motor and siren over scene . the group break up as people run to they car . dissolve : ext . outside gully - dirt road - ( night ) the police car bump toward we , blinker work . the siren die . special effect - dirt road - mo . shot cross angle . as the Police car come to a stop , Clayton and the sheriff hop out downstage , the cop get out on the driver 's side . behind the car , bush be blaze . above , on the hilltop , the martian heat - ray have leave a line of fire which stretch straight into the night . in its path , some way off , a transmission tower have fall , partly melt , high - tension wire trail , still sparking . clayton ( look toward fall tower ) that explain why the light go out ! the cop , stand beside the spotlight , look off . cop ( point ) what the bejeeper go on here ? look at they car ...! ext . dirt road - remains of car the car belong to fiddler and the other be gray , ashy shape , collapse . hardly recognizable except for they tire , which leave a darker residue . bushes and grass be still burn around . closeup - cop jittery , he reach for the spotlight and snap it on toward the gully . cop 73 . 73a . 74 . 75 . 76 . 77 . and look there ! ext . road & gully - group & meteor a reverse angle over the man to the meteor in the gully . the beam of the cop 's spotlight sweep over the smolder bush and rough ground , strike the bottom of the meteor and then return to something on the edge above the gully . close two shot - clayton & sheriff the sheriff wet he suddenly dry lip , gaze past camera . Clayton look with he . what they see on the edge of the gully - closeup Three shallow pile of gray ash , man-shape , lie on the bare and blacken earth , hold in the spotlight . mo . close shot - clayton , sheriff & cop look past camera . clayton ( to cop ) people in town start to follow we out . ( look toward gully ) do not let they come anywhere near here . ( suddenly authoritative - loud ) get go ! special effect - close shot - meteor the hood shape on its flexible shaft now rear twelve or fifteen foot above the meteor . the cobra - head be turn , zero -ing toward the road . it begin to glitter inside the hood . ext . road - mo . shot the cop be diving into the car in panic . clayton kill that spotlight . turn off you headlight ! the cop cut all the light , back around and take off the way he come , camera panning with he . tia . 78. 79 . 80 . 81 . close shot - clayton & sheriff the SOUND of the scream of the heat - ray whirl they about as the reddish light glow on they face . clayton ( sharp - to sheriff ) jump ! get under cover !! they dash off in the direction take by the car . special effect - ext . dirt road - mo . full shot a reverse angle , shoot along the road toward the gully . the meteor be conceal behind a knoll . Clayton and the sheriff , b.g. race down the road to f£.g. and dive into a ditch as the superheate glare of the heat - ray swing from the gully toward they . the scream be ear-splitt in intensity . special effect - close shot - clayton & sheriff the ray scream over they head . it hold above the ditch . throb . its reddish glare blind . special effect - heat - ray - cop' car - full shot the car turn incandescent as the ray envelope it , still go forward . it turn ashy gray . Hit a boulder on the shoulder of the road and break up into a spray of ash . ext . ditch - close shot - clayton & sheriff a reverse angle on they huddle low as the ray cut off . they whirl about toward the meteor . sheriff ( Wild ) what be that gizmo ?! clayton ( control ) I think that - gizmo - be a machine from another planet . sheriff ( shaken ) we better get word to the authority and -- ( gazing up ) 82 . 83. 83a . 84 . 85 . look ! special effect - sky & second meteor - full shot Beyond the burn grass , another meteor be spurting down the sky , bright and burn green . closeup - clayton & sheriff clayton sheriff - you would better get word to the military . you be go to need they out here ! special effect - ext . gully - close shot the hood shape revolve about , search . its snout glitter and glow alternately as it search for a target . fade out . fade in : quick cut - marine truck & jeep - ( night ) a . Main Street , Linda Rosa . no light . no neon sign . Three truck smash through the town . load with Marines . bear low camera - jeep . a Machine - gun jeep be charge over the crest of a low hill , drop - ping to lower ground . another follow . gun and helmete man be silhouett against the sky . c . two personnel truck roll fast , parting where dirt road cross . dissolve : ext . black - top road & t-crossing - ( night ) Beyond be a windbreak of eucalyptus tree and a low earth bank . park on the side road be a remote - control truck from the kgeb radio station . a few reporter and cameramen be on the black - top road , gaze out over open ground toward the gully . camera favor the kgeb reporter - ex-newsman , high - wire and alert , sharkskin suit and Panama hat . he have a portable mike , be interview professor 86 . 87 . ogilvy - a youngish , half - bald intellectual . Clayton stand by . near they be the sheriff and Marine colonel heffner - easy - mannered , tough . kgeb reporter ( at mike ) ... the area be under control of the Marines from El toro base , and the gully be under close observation ... and now -- here be Professor ogilvy from the canadian meteor - ological Research Council ! ( to prof . ogilvy - extend mike ) be it true you have have report about land - ing in other place , Professor ? prof . ogilvy yes . in bordeaux , France . some from Spain . there 's suppose to be one down near the Gulf of taranto , Italy . we be still try to locate the second meteor that drop in this vicinity just about midnight . kgeb reporter D ' you think they come from Mars ? prof . ogilvy ( defer ) what do you think , Doctor forrester ? mo . close shot - group kgeb man and he mike f.g. , catch the face of Colonel heffner , the sheriff , prof . ogilvy , Clayton and reporter who be listen . clayton it 's possible . at least , it seem certain they be from some other planet than we own . prof . ogilvy recently Mars and we earth be in conjunction -- ( add ) -- in line . this could account for the extend radio interference lately . dissolve : ext . corner radio store , los angele - ( night ) a cheesy , sleazy store . they sell radio , tv and musical instrument . Big sign in the window . a 88. console in the doorway . a bunch of bum hang around , listen . clayton' voice ( over radio ) in fact -- if they be from Mars -- it be possible they first make landing on the moon and use it as a observation post ! a bum with a unlight stub of a cigar take it out , back off , look up at the sky . other look with he , then at one another . kgeb reporter' voice ( over radio ) that make the old moon appear a lot less friendly , sir . first bum ( half -whisper ) this a gag ? second bum ( listen ) shaddap ...! kgeb reporter' voice suppose they be martian , Professor . what would they look like ? dissolve : int . well-to-do house - ( night ) shoot past a group of well - dress people eat a supper snack from a big coffee table by a picture win - dow . through this we can see Los Angeles spread out below , neons glow like jewel . the group be listen attentively to a radio . kgeb reporter' voice ( continue he question ) bigger than we ? smaller ? professor ogilvy' voice well , as to martian -- we gravitational pull would weigh they down . we heavier air would oppress they .... kgeb reporter' voice but d' you think they would be breathe creature like we ? what about heart and blood and all that ? a bird - brain blonde move into scene , stare . 89 . prof . ogilvy' voice my field be limited . Doctor forrester could tell you much more . blonde ( over prof . ogilvy ) oh , how dull - everybody listen to the radio ! big guy ( grabbing she ) qui-et ! siddown ! prof . ogilvy' voice but if they be martian , and if they do have heart , they would almost certainly beat at a slower rate . they vein might be distend ... dissolve : ext . convertible - close shot - ( process - night ) San Francisco , with the Golden Gate Bridge and City behind . a boy drive , smooching a girl . clayton' voice ( over car radio ) they sense could be quite different from ours , of course . they may , for instance , be able to smell color . there be precedent in we own evolution to make it possible that they have more than one brain ... the boy reach to cut off the radio - he want to smooch . the girl stop he . he be annoyed . kgeb reporter' voice you mean two ? Three ? more , maybe ? clayton' voice it 's only speculation . kgeb reporter' voice think of that , folk ! now , Doctor forrester - what about this meteor machine ? clayton' voice they be probably control by jet after they enter we atmosphere ... and navigate by some form of gyroscope mechanism . 90 . 91 . 92 . dissolve : int . sidewalk lunch counter , san diego - ( night ) camera be close on a picture of a battleship , then pull back revealing a poster : san diego arena - boxing . the shot widen to show local fisherman , a couple of navy sailor , a few girl - group by a small portable radio on the counter . kgeb reporter' voice be it true that all the phone go out and everybody 's watch stop around here ? clayton' voice that be , I imagine , the effect from some electro-magnetic force in the heat - ray they use . dissolve : t-crossing - group the kgeb reporter , Clayton , prof . ogilvy , Colonel heffner . newspaper man have move closer , listen . kgeb . reporter can you tell we anything about this plane that 's come over , Colonel ? colonel heffner it will drop a flare -- that 's the only way we dare put a light on they . then Air Force cameramen will get picture . kgeb reporter that be Marine Colonel Ralph heffner ... ( in a confidential tone ) there 's be a lot of mysterious activity around the machine . light and dust , as if they be digging themselves out . ( shimmer light hit he face ) there it come again ! special effect - ext . gully - full shot a shudder , blue-green light show in the distance , tinting nearby hill . kgeb reporter' voice if this keep up , it will be a guide for the plane when it come over . 93 . 94 . 95 . 96 . flash - foxholes & observation post group disperse under cover , relaxed but alert , all watch the gully . a . two mortar team in a dry riverbed . b . Marine lieutenant and a sergeant with binocu - lar , behind a low revetment . c . Machine - gun unit in a foxhole . d . infantryman , alert and watchful . ext . t-crossing - mo . shot - group kgeb reporter f.g. , Clayton , Colonel heffner and sheriff just beyond he . Reporters and cameramen line out along the road , wait . the SOUND of the plane overscene . its motor cut off and on again . kgeb reporter ( in a sharp whisper ) be that the plane now ? colonel heffner ( look up , quietly ) yes ! he 's signal . kgeb reporter ( into mike ) the pilot have just blipped he motor . that mean he 's drop the flare . he 's fly high , and it will take a few second to come down . when it do burst , we shall be the first man on earth to get a real look at this invader from space - whoever they be ! and there 's the flare ! special effect - ext . gully - full shot the flare throw a cone of high-visibility light . the martian meteor have be clear of dirt , stripped of its oxydize shell . it be a oblong cylinder . from the center of it , the hood shape on the flex - ible shaft have be push high , like & guard sentinel . special effect - ext . gully - mo . close shot 97 . 98. 99 . the hood shape rear back on its flexible shaft , angle up . the snout glitter , begin to glow , brilliant , reddish . then the heat - ray scream as it lash up into the sky . ext . t-crossing - mo . shot - group Clayton , the kgeb reporter and other watch the sky tensely . the reporter have stop gab , he microphone forget . the blue - white glare of the flare , mingle with the reddish glow of the heat - ray , alternate in flicker over scene . kgeb reporter ( suddenly remember mike ) they be after the plane with they ray ! special effect - ext . sky - full shot the scream heat - ray lash across the sky . writhing , seek its target . it lick the flare into oblivion , then whip downward toward the ear and swing at we . ext . black - top road & t-crossing everybody dive for cover . the glare of the ray turn everything fiery red . ext . foot of eucalyptus tree - group the Colonel and the kgeb reporter flatten out to - gether behind the low earth bank . Burning twig and leave fall about they . Clayton crane to look out with the Colonel . the reporter yak into he mike . kgeb reporter well , here we be in --- ( pull at char end of mike cable - look out ) hey ! they cut I off . they get my truck ! colonel it look like they be go to come out of that gully pretty soon ...! we would better build a shelter and be ready when they do . clayton you be go to need plenty of reinforcement . 102 . 103 . 104 . colonel we will get ‘em . ( Calling off ) Lieutenant . dissolve : quick cut & flash - ( night ) troops and armament racing into the Linda Rosa district : truck -- tank -- weapon carrier -- half - track jeep -- rocket launcher . ext . command post revetment - ( night ) a huge truck load with troops thunder past camera . its pass uncover the hastily erect sandbag revet - ment for the command post . nearby be a ambulance , a Red Cross canteen truck with two woman in uniform work , several jeep wait with motor run . two jeep start away in different direction . a jeep roll into scene , lay wire . closer angle sylvia be at the rear corner of the revetment , hold a tray of coffee mug and doughnut . she pause to watch more vehicle move past . she have change out of she dance frock into a tailore dress . she have a Red Cross armband . camera pick up Clayton come from within the revetment inclosure . clayton ( pause beside sylvia ) the troops be certainly move in here ! sylvia do not you have something to do with this ? I know you send word to the Sixth Army Command ! clayton ( take coffee tray - turn back with it ) I just tell they the local situation . Colonel heffner 's in full charge now . sylvia ( pause - look around ) you never know where you be go to wind up when you go to a square dance ! int . command post revetment - ( night ) a open in the sandbag breastwork for observation high in the forward end . Storm lantern provide light . a huge tarpaulin be stretch over the revet - ment as a roof and pull down to cover the open , which overlook the martian in the gully beyond . a field telephone switchboard and field telegraph have be set up . on some box be a enlarge con - tour map of the immediate territory , show Linda Rosa , surround road , the site of the martian pit . a lieutenant and a sergeant work on this map , place unit as they report in position . a captain be on the phone . constantly pass message . telegraph key . all be in atmosphere be alive , action of dispatch bearer tense . Communications man at other phone a sergeant operate a full battle dress . the there be constant b.g. come and go . as sylvia and Clayton come the Colonel be brief - ing officer at the map . in , colonel locate you observation post on this hill . position you recoilless 75 's back here - caroon Canyon . ( to another officer ) I want you battery here . you may find at daylight that you be too expose -- so keep you prime mover ready to pull you out fast . ( smiling ) but you will get first crack at ‘em . a captain that will suit I ! that all , sir ? colonel yes . ( as the lieutenant hand a phone ) report when you be set up . sylvia pass around coffee and doughnut . Clayton take two mug , bring one across to the Colonel . colonel ( at phone ) half-tracks ?... okay . get in back of hill thuh -ree . follow up from there if it 's a move target ... Roger ! he take coffee from Clayton with one hand and a signal Corps message with the other . colonel 105 . 106 . ( to Clayton ) they have locate that second meteor . ( pass message to Lieutenant ) Mark it up . by the map as pastor Collins come in , wear a Civil Defense armband . the sheriff follow , pause to reach for doughnut and coffee . the lieutenant mark another martian pit about five mile west , toward whittier . he draw a line link it with the martian in the gully . colonel ( to Clayton , point to map ) there 's one - there 's the other , and we be right between they ! pastor collin ( move in ) so be the town , I notice ! colonel I warn you Civil Defense people to be ready if you have to evacuate . pastor collin I just come to tell you - everyone have be alert . the Colonel 's glance be catch by something o.s . he stiffen to attention . general mann' voice ( o.s . ) as you be ... int . revetment shoot toward the rear as general mann come in -- fiftyish , clipped mustache , wear neat khaki . carry field glass . his aide , a young major , follow he . colonel ( move to meet he ) General Mann -- I be tell to expect you , sir . I be Colonel heffner . general mann ( smiling briefly ) I be here to make up a report , not to interfere with the operation you have 107 . set up . you be still in command . ( suddenly - warmly ) Clayton forrester ! ( shake hand ) I have not see you since oak Ridge . clayton good to see you , General . ( introduce ) this be pastor Collins , director of Civil Defense . sheriff bogany , head of the local force ... miss Van buren . sylvia would you like some coffee , General ? general mann thank you . she start out as he aide hand he some message . clayton ( to pastor ) General Mann 's in charge of Intel - ligence for the Pacific area . group - by the map favore General Mann as he turn to scan the map , continue to glance at the message . the lieutenant be mark up more position . general mann that 's they position ? ( grimly amused ) you have certainly get they surround . ( and then ) I suppose they have neutralize all communication here . colonel not all . Radio be out . but we field phone be okay so far . general mann and they will go out the minute there 's another ray . ( reading ) a cylinder report down by huntington Beach . that 's a job for the navy . clayton do you have any news from abroad ? camera angle to favor he as he glance at message , sorting they , hand some to he aide . general mann ( cont would ) they be come down all over . South America - santiago have two cylinder . they be outside London . and they be in naple . ( go on ) we have get they between here and fesno . outside Sacramento . two on Long Island ... clayton be they just come down at random ? general mann no , they be work to some kind of a plan . ( after a moment ) but here 's the most dangerous thing ... once they begin to move -- no more news come out of that area ! int . revetment shoot past the General . everyone be listen , fascinate . the communication man have stop work . the morse key keep repeat a call . general mann we have be get report of destruction , massacre ... here 's a instance ! ( read a message ) " town of St. Julien , south of bordeaux , wipe out by ray of undetermine nature . local report say nothing remain . ' ( look around ) nothing remain ! what d' you make of that ? clayton we will have to see what they do here . general mann a lot of we newest weapon be in here . Washington want to be sure we stop they . colonel ( confident - smile ) we will , sir ! general mann from the data - and from that picture the Air Force take earlier tonight ( thumb toward the gully ) what we have get in the gully out there be a guide ship . one land other follow later . ( to Clayton ) they appear to clear a area , then drop in group of three , join magnetically . be that possible ? clayton ( weyly ) if they do it , it be . sylvia bring coffee . the General take it automatically . colonel my order be not to go into action unless they make a move out of there . general mann that 's because we want a chance to observe they . ( gesture to gully ) this be the only place we have have time to surround they with sufficient force to contain they . what happen here will be a guide to all other operation . the minute action begin and a pattern of defense develop , I will get my report to Washington . ( glance at map ) you have deploy you force well . colonel thank you , sir . if they start anything , we can blast they right off the earth ! general mann ( check watch , sip coffee ) they will probably move at dawn . dissolve to : special effect - high camera - long shot - gully - dawn silence . no movement anywhere . we see the burn grass and blacken earth . the little gray ash-heap be still there . in the gully be dim , shine shape . Beyond the hill the sky be lighten . as the sun come up , one of the shine shape begin to rise . there be a SOUND of crackling , high - frequency electric SPARKS . ext . observation post camera be on a infantry lieutenant and a sergeant . 113. 114 . 115 . they foxhole be camouflage with burn grass and bush . lieutenant ( at field phone ) there 's something move in the gully -- something 's come out ! flash - troops alerting Men have be rest , doze , wait for dawn . a signal reach they . a . recoilless 75 man run to position . bear Crew racing to half - track rocket - launcher . c. Machine - gunner readying for action . da . bazooka team alert . int . revetment lamp and candle be hurriedly extinguish . the tarpaulin be yank from the observation open . everyone crane to get a glimpse of the gully . special effect - gully - ( dawn ) burn -over ground run straight to the gully , with blacken scrub tree and bush at either side . something be visible in the gully . shine . move . special effect - ext . gully - mo . shot now , for the first time , we see a martian machine clearly . a metal shape be rise . the SOUND of high - frequency spark increase . it be a build - up section of the cylinder . dome in the center . Three vibrant beam be project like rod from below - stiff , joint - less , incandescent . effortlessly , the body of the machine rise on the pulsate beam to a height of thirty foot in the air , and hover motionless . then a hood shape extend above the body on a flexible shaft . int . revetment favore Clayton , pastor Collins , General Mann and the Colonel . all crowded to the open in the sandbag . the General and the Colonel use field glass . general mann ( softly - hand he glass to Clayton ) look at it , will you ? pastor collin ( awed - half to himself ) being from another world the Colonel sign to the Captain , who back to the field telephone switchboard . colonel ( quietly ) stand by to fire . captain ( into phone - repeat ) all command post stand by to fire . pastor collin ( suddenly realize - protest ) Colonel - shoot 's no good ! colonel it 's always be a good persuader . pastor collin could not you try to communicate with they first - and shoot later if you have to ? the Colonel glance , then ignore he , use he glass . the uniform man be all tense , watch the gully , wait for the order . Clayton be gaze out with the sheriff . pastor Collins move uncertainly toward the open rear of the revetment . sylvia see he , start after he . captain voice ( 0.s . ) all command post - target as indicate . 116 . ext . revetment pastor Collins come out , stand stare toward the gully . sylvia join he . behind they we glimpse the tension of the man inside . pastor collin ( look o.s . ) I think we should try to make they understand we mean they no harm . sylvia look at he , not sure of what he mean . 117 . colonel' voice ( 0.s. ) ( quietly - from inside ) there 's another machine come out . special effect - ext . gully the martian machine . the first machine be now catch the early sunbeam . turn golden , glis - tening . in the shadow another machine be rise from the gully . it , also , be armed with a hood shape . close shot - sylvia and pastor collin both gaze toward the gully . pastor collin ( meditative ) they be live creature out there . sylvia but they be not human ! Dr. forrester say they be some kind of a advanced civilization -- pastor collin ( cut in , smile ) if they be more advanced than we , they should be nearer the creator for that reason ! captain voice ( tensely , from inside ) attention all battery ! prepare for volley fire ! repeat -- prepare for volley fire ! pastor collin ( meditative again ) no real attempt have be make to communicate with they , you know ... sylvia look at he uneasily . she take he arm . sylvia let 's go back inside , uncle Matthew . pastor collin ( shake head , smile ) I have do about all I can do here . you go back in . ( low - turn she toward the inside ) sylvia - I like that Doctor forrester . ( Hand to she cheek ) 119 . 120 . 121. 124 . 125 . 126 . he 's a good man . sylvia press he hand , smile . as she leave he , the camera pan with she , lose pastor Collins momentarily . head closeup - pastor collin look in the direction of the gully , thoughtful . flash - preparation for firing a . group bazookas bear on the target . bear tank wait order , at the ready . c. rocket launcher , load and ready . special effect - ext . gully the martian machine in f.g. be motionless . the second one have pause half out of the gully . its hood arm swing around on its shaft , as if under test . extreme head closeup - pastor collin eye serene . smile a little . move forward . int . revetment no sound except the telegraph key repeat a signal over and over . no movement save for sylvia , f.g. , refilling coffee cup . General Mann , the Colonel , Clayton and the sheriff crouch by the open . colonel ( suddenly ) who 's that ?! flash closeup - group at window they stare out , disbely . flash closeup - sylvia she whirl , start toward the open . special effect - int . revetment & vista shoot over the group at the open to the vista outside the revetment . in b.g. pastor Collins be walk away from the revetment , a solitary figure move over the burn - off earth . the martian machine beyond he be motionless , as if await he . colonel ( choke voice ) what 's he think he 's do ? 127 . close shot - cross angle - featuring sylvia sylvia ( Calling ) uncle ! ( half scream ) uncle Matthew ! ! she whirl to go after he . General Mann catch she arm . general mann too late now -- he 's too far away . sylvia ( lunge - appeal ) stop he ! clayton ( holding she - look out ) it 's see he . 128 . special effect - martian machine it begin slowly to sink down as its glitter beam - leg pulsate and grow short . 129 . moving shot - ext . burned -off field pastor Collins bring out a cross , gaze ahead , recite the twenty -third psalm . pastor collin ( softly ) though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil 130 . special effect - ext . gully shoot past the first martian machine , still sink down . the second machine have rise higher in the gully . 131 . 132 . 133. 135 . moving shot - ext . burned - off field close on pastor Collins , walk past more debris . pastor collin ( whisper ) thou anointest my head with oil . my cup runneth over int . revetment - group feature sylvia and Clayton . all be crowded to the open . sylvia be petrify with horror . moving shot - ext . burned - off field - head closeup pastor Collins move ahead , eye fix on the machine . he will not permit himself to be afraid . pastor collin and I will dwell ... in the house of the Lord .. forever . he lift the cross to shoulder height as camera hold and pan he on . pastor collin ( cont would ) amen. ( murmuring ) May the grace of the Father and of the Son Beyond he we now see the martian machine . special effect - ext . gully favore the first machine , fill the screen . squat - ting on its incandescent beam -leg , the hood shaft tilt forward . there be a moment -- then a magenta - tinted heat - ray scream from it . int . revetment - extreme head closeup - sylvia she scream , but she voice be drown in the unearthly SOUND of the martian machine . we know , without see , what have happen to the pastor . special effect - ext . gully viewpoint from the command post revetment . the first machine rise swiftly to full height , glide forward . 141 . 142. the second clear the gully . the top of a third machine appear . special effect - ext . gully & road the base of the martian machine 's locomotor beam -leg . feature , in f.g. , the pastor 's cross , partly melt . the glitter foot of the beam move into scene , leave behind it molten rock and smoke . as it pass , the intense heat it give off act like a blowtorch on the terrain . int . revetment - mo . close shot shoot from outside the observation open . sylvia be close in f.g. , horrify , unbely , support by Clayton . the Colonel whirl toward the switchboard . colonel let them have it ! ext . hillside - tank the big gun of the tank slam shell toward the gully . special effect - martian machine & shell burst shell burst close to the martian machine . instantly a beam -- different from the heat - ray -- strike out with a vicious , high - pitch drumming SOUND . the beam be electric-blue with a greenish tinge . edge soft , powdery . fast , projectile - like discharge race down its core , like a succession of ball , a deeper blue - green . beam and impulse be transparent . special effect - ext . hillside - tank the beam hit a tank . the tank change color instan - taneously . it turn bone yellow , then thin into a oyster - white skeleton shape that be a echo of death itself . the beam cut off and the tank dissolves into fine dust , the color of the beam , and blow away on the breeze . make pallid streamer in the early morning light . group - at open shoot in on the man - stare , transfix . the General lower he glass , look at Clayton in stupe - faction , then use the glass again . 143. 144 . quick cut - insert of muzzle - as weapon FIRE close on the muzzle . individual SOUND blast . a . rocket -launcher muzzle as rocket fly . bear Machine - gun muzzle shudder . c. anti-tank gun muzzle explode and recoil . quick cut & flash - battle ( 1 ) the initial phase between man 's weapon and the martian machine . the first martian be out of the gully on the burn - off field . the second be just clear of the gully . the third have start to follow . a . special effect - full shot - gully . increase shell and rocket fire burst viciously about the martian . short , blue jet be flash out around the turret head of the machine . this merge to form a impalpable , electro - magnetic envelope which drop all around to the ground . bear special effect - Close shot - first Machine . Ray scream from it , lash in every direction . c . recoilless 75 's - Close shot. muzzle flash . d . rocket -launcher - Close shot . in rapid suc - cession , rocket roar toward the martian . e . tank - med. shot . it 's gun buck violently slamm a armor-piercing shell at the Mar - tian . for . Machine - gun nest - Close shot. 50 cal . machine - gun chatter furiously , spitting a stream of tracer shell . g . bazookas - Close shot . in a sharp volley , a group of bazookas let go with he charge . h . mortar - Close shot . in rapid succession , Marines drop napalm charge into the big muz - zle of the mortar . instantly the charge fly high in the air in the direction of the enemy . in special effect - martian machine . projectile burst against they almost invisible protective envelope . other ricochet off , explode harm - lessly in the air beyond . napalm charge burst around they , obscure the machine in huge 144-a , 145 . ball of searing , orange fire and black smoke . i . special effect - first Machine - Close shot . the flame of the napalm clear . the machine be undamage . Ray slash from it , scream . k . special effect - second & third machine - Close shot. flame and smoke clear . they lash ray in every direction . 1 . special effect - rocket-launcher - Close shot . hit by a heat-ray . the launcher and crew glow white hot . become a pile of ash . m . special effect - first Machine - Close shot. drumming horribly , the blue-green disintegrate beam dart forth . n . special effect - mortar - med. Close shot . hit by the skeletonize beam . they literally disintegrate - cease to exist . Men and machine become a vapor of blue-green dust . int . revetment - group Clayton , sylvia and other duck below the shelter of the sandbag as a heat - ray howl close past the com - mand post . camera move in on Clayton and General Mann , shouting above the uproar . general mann ( fast , look out ) what 's that skeleton beam they be use ? clayton it must neutralize meson somehow . they be the atomic glue that hold matter together . ( grimly ) cut across they line of magnetic force and any object will simply cease to exist . special effect - flash cut - battle ( 2 ) the destruction of man 's weapon by the martian , and the beginning of man 's retreat . a . special effect - ext. gully & Command Post revetment - full shot. a composite shot of the entire battle . one martian machine on a hill slope . the two other below . Ray and beam lash out . shell and rocket and napalm explode about they . tank scuttling about . 146 . 147 . 148. Ray hit they . Machine - gunner and troops abandon they station , leave they weapon . half - track , truck , weapon - carrier , jeep pull out . pandemonium . bear special effect - martian machine - med. shot. smoke and fire clear . explosion about they diminish . they redouble the activity of they ray and beam . c . special effect - battlefield - med. full shot. Gray ash on a blacken road - the residue of tank . Men , jeep , equipment flee past , es- caping . Ray and beam reach after they . d . ext. hillside - med. Close shot. infantryman crash through burn bush in headlong be - treat , look back in panic . e . special effect - martian Machine - Close shot . on skyline . move forward . Ray scream , beam drumming . no counter fire from we force . ext . revetment - mo full shot park jeep , General Mann 's car , a few Marines , the Red Cross truck . the heat - ray slashes through they , hit the revetment and swing away . Men fall in ash , jeep glow and burn , the Red Cross truck and General Mann 's car be singe and blaze . the huge tarp stretch over the revetment blaze . int . revetment - mo . full shot the inclosure be a madhouse - man try to extinguish burn switchboard - the lieutenant gather up the scorched map - the captain shouting uselessly into the field phone - Clayton up by the open use the field glass , sylvia and the sheriff crouch near he . General Mann and he aide rush out . lieutenant ( at the open ) there 's a martian machine head straight for we ! colonel ( shout to Captain ) order all command post - everything pull back north of highway sixty tunnel bunker ! special effect - martian machine - mo . close shot move along the burn - off swathe from the gully , ray slashing . 149 . int . revetment - mo . shot colonel ( at observation open - yell ) they be go to roll right through here . sheriff - get into Linda Rosa . tell Civil Defense - evacuate everybody ! Clayton , at the open , watch the approach machine , absorb by they . a heat - ray slashes near , casting its ruddy glare . shred of the burn tar - paulin fall . sylvia grab he , pull he down . colonel Doctor forrester - get out of here ! he literally jerk Clayton and sylvia to they foot , shove they toward the rear . colonel ( cont would ) everybody out ! the Air Force will take care of this baby now ! ( run toward camera ) everybody out --- everybody ---- he be in extreme closeup , shouting . the red heat - ray seem to envelope he in a blaze of color , scream . suddenly the screen explode into deadly blue-green - the disintegrate beam ! the Colonel 's shout be freeze on he lip . the skeletal structure of he head glow incandescent -- greenish - white -- through the flesh of he face . in a instant he vanish into a shred of blue-green vapor which swirl and be lose in the ruddy flame of the ray . dissolve : 150 . ext . sky - full shot - ( stock ) a huge formation of fighter bomber flash across the sky , the chorus of they jet pulsate like thunder . dissolve : 151 . ext . road - mo . shot a weapon carrier clatter past at breakneck speed . Men from mix unit jump from behind scrub tree , 152 . 153. 154 . 155 . run . a crowded jeep flash past as Clayton and sylvia appear . the two run after the man . Clayton pull she to a stop , look o.s. , then run across the road with she . ext . field - mo . shot a piper cub - battery observation plane - be just take off . another be on the ground , no one near it . Clayton and sylvia enter , run . Beyond one wing of the machine we see smoke , explosion and ray and beam rip against the sky . clayton we can not go into town - everybody 's get out of there ! ( steering she toward plane ) I will fly you over to pasadena . sylvia can you handle one of this ? clayton sure ... get in ! he shove sylvia up into the plane and climb in at the wheel . dissolve : ext . sky - mo . shot the piper cub in flight , hedge-hopping . int . piper CUT - close shot ( process ) shoot past Clayton to sylvia . the top of utility pole and tree skim past , almost at they level . the plane wobble . Clayton be unconcern . sylvia ( hanging on ) you will hit something ! can not you go higher ? clayton ( look up ) no . the air 's go to be full of jet in a minute ... and there they be ! ext . sky - quick cut of jets - ( stock ) 157 . 158. 159 . 160 . 161 . 162. jet fighter - bomber in formation , colorful against the sky , peel off to dive . int . piper cub - close shot - ( process ) Clayton look o.s. as he bank sharply . sylvia look after he . ext . sky - quick close shot ( stock ) jet fighter - bomber diving , fire , launching rocket , drop bomb . sound of explosion . ext . sky - mo . close shot the piper cub porpoise over the treetop , banking and turn . quick cut - wreck of piper cub a . int. piper cub - Close shot ( process ) . Clayton look up . sylvia turn and look ahead , scream . bear special effect - piper cub - full shot. shoot ahead . it rise over a low hilltop - fly directly toward a martian machine on the flat field beyond . plane bank sharply to change course . c . special effect - piper cub - med. shot . the wing snag a tree . the plane cart - wheel toward the ground . special effect - ext . bean field - mo . shot the cub land on one wheel , bounce , go into a ground loop , a slashing skid and stop , tilt on a tear wing . propeller shattered . ext . beanfield - close shot - ( moving shot ) Clayton half - fall out of the wreck plane , look o.s. , as he help sylvia . she look with he , gasp . they run and dive into a irrigation ditch , camera following . special effect - ext beanfield & ditch - full shot 163 . 163a . 164 . shoot over the tear wing of the piper Cup among the tangle bean plant . across the field be a low , wood hill . come into sight at the foot of the hill be the martian machine , its cobra-like weapon turn on its shaft , swinging toward the plane . ext . ditch - close shot - clayton & sylvia ducked low , taut , terrify . he sneak a look over the edge , then fling himself down with sylvia again . there be the SOUND of the horrible drumming of the disintegrate beam , which quickly flicker out , mark - ing the destruction of the piper cub . they face be light blue-green . then , down into the ditch , the eerie vapor of unglue atom flow , incandescent , swirl in the breeze . Clayton and sylvia begin to stir . the crackling of high frequency electricity from the machine 's loco - motor mechanism grow louder - it 's come for they ! Clayton grab sylvia , half - drag , half - carry she back along the ditch . he push she behind a pile of break irrigation pipe , fall across she . the crackling swell to a roar of SPARKS . where they have just lain , the glitter , flicker base of a beam - leg dip down into the ditch , move across and up the other bank , leave a smoking path of fuse rock and debris . extreme closeup - clayton & sylvia smoke swirl about they . head thrust into the dirt . frozen with terror . face crush together . the machine 's roar diminish . they begin to breathe again . the tension of Clayton 's grip on sylvia 's shoulder lessen . the suspend function of she mind resume . her eye turn to he . he look at she . shock overwhelm she . she faint . fade out . fade in : ext . downtown STREET , los angele - ( day ) camera be on a corner newsstand . tip -sheet and papers be clipped around the front , side and to a wire between upright . headline : men from mar - Europe city blasted - killer ray ; mar machine in california - Fighting near l.a . - U.S. invaded - martian threat . a little crowd on the sidewalk read papers avidly . Cars stop at the curb to buy other . a elderly woman sit behind the newsstand , knitting , hawk she sensation . 165 . 167 . closeup - elderly woman elderly woman ( thin - piping ) all about the martian invasion - they're in New York and Miami - Fighting outside Los Angeles - all about it ! - Radio black - out - killer from Mars - World - wide crisis - United States invade - all about the martian ! ( sell a paper ) thank you , mister . the SOUND of approach siren come over scene . she and she customer look o.s . ext . STREET - ( location ) traffic be slow , stop . the SOUND of mass siren come to a peak . two motorcycle cop race past , blinker work . four more follow . then come General Mann 's dirty , fire - blacken car . camera pan the car , go fast , then angle up the front of the stately Federal Building . dissolve : moving shot - int . armed force information , MAIN office - ( day ) five desk . wall cover with map and thumb -tack notice . the door of three private office across from the entrance . the place be crowded with Army , navy , Marine and Air Force personnel , police of - ficial , CD director , reporter , photographer . two cop shoulder in from the corridor by a door mark : armed force - Public information Office - entrance . General Mann follow with he aide . Reporters and cameramen crowd around the unshaven , grimy General , impede he on he way toward a private office out - side which sit a wac secretary . Naval and military man come to attention , then press toward he . the General look past they all , call to CD director and civic authority . general mann ( beckone ) you be the gentleman I ask to come here . ( to he aide ) get Washington . the aide push ahead while flashbulb blink and repor - ter surround the General . he keep move . a fat reporter - thin -nose , sweat - try to buttonhole he . fat reporter General Mann , what d' you think of this situation -- general mann sorry . I have no time ! fat reporter ( wily , fast ) be it you opinion the Army can hold ‘em ? police chief ( move in , sharp ) all right , boy - let it go ! second reporter ( jumping in , over he ) you have gun and equipment go out there all night ! be not they enough to -- general mann ( tire , exasperate ) I say I have no time ! police chief c'mon , now - break it up ! during this , General Mann have push to the door of the private office . with a concerted effort , the General and the civic official push inside . the door close . a big Marine bar further entry . camera hold on the reporter and photographer . fat reporter the way he 's hedge , maybe the Army do not hold ‘em ! ( significant ) because from the news that 's come through , nobody 's stop ‘em yet ! ( look toward door ) we will wait . int . private office it belong to the Chief of Army information . General Mann 's aide be talk into a phone in b.g . the General face the civilian group which include police and fire chief , Pacific electric and other tran - portation official , Air raid warden , Red Cross . general mann who 's the General director for Civil Defense ? C.D. director here , sir . we be all ready for action ! general mann I want to know if the city must be evacuate ...? C.D. director ( smiling ) lot of people get scared and move out as it be ! p.e. official we be hold emergency car and bus ready in the yard , sir ! red cross leader Red Cross be stand by . C.D. director I believe , sir , I can speak for everyone . we have get the whole city on the ready ! general mann that 's what I want ! for you in - formation - they be twenty - five or thirty mile outside Los Angeles . they be not down in force yet , but that can happen any minute . we have get a develop situation . it will come to a crisis if they move into the metropolitan area and -- aide ( cut in , quick ) Washington on the wire , sir . general mann ( take phone , turn away ) General Mann ... 169 . close on general mann listen at phone , key - up . general man ( after a pause , low , fast ) I would say we effective loss be nearly sixty percent man and ninety percent materiel ! ( grimly ) the new delta-w jet go in , but not one of they come out . I watch high - level bomber drop everything they carry . they be knock out of the sky and the bomb do nothing . 170 . group - civilian leader strain to catch what he be say , glance at one another , alarmed . general mann' voice nothing be effective against they !... yes , they have some sort of electronic umbrella . it 's quite impenetrable . and Doctor forrester believe they generate atomic force without the heavy screen we use -- that 's where they get the power for they ray ! 171 . int . private office - mo . close shot General Mann at phone , he aide in b.g. general mann very well , sir . ( hanging up - to aide ) call victorville . tell they I want the fastest plane they have get ! shot widen as he turn to the nearby group . general mann ( cont would ) you will get all further instruction from Sixth Army Command . ( to Police Chief ) now I will make a statement to that reporter . the Police Chief open the door . hubbub come from the outside as reporter and photographer crowd in . the civic authority leave . fat reporter ( barge forward ) General , we hear Doctor Clayton forrester be out there with you . what 's he think about this ? general mann ask he . he 's back at Pacific - tech . fat reporter no , he 's not ! we try to get he . he have not show up there . 172a . 172b . 172c . 172d . dissolve : special effect - ext . farm & beanfield - ( night ) peaceful . cricket chirrupe . a mock - bird SOUND - ing off . low ground mist . out of the distance come the mutter of gunfire and remote explosion . camera shoot across the edge of the dry irriga - tion ditch toward the farmhouse in the middle dis - tance . a farm cat appear over the edge of the ditch , carry something in its mouth . it hurry down into the ditch , camera panning . ext . irrigation ditch - mo . close shot Clayton be sit alongside sylvia who be stretch out asleep . Clayton 's jacket be cover she . his attention have be attract by the cat . ext . ditch - close shot the cat stop in the bottom of the ditch and put she burden down on some grass . it be a tiny puppy . she lie down . it snuggle to she , whining weakly . closeup clayton ( pan shot ) he smile a little wryly , look down toward sylvia . camera pan to closeup of sylvia . she be breathe softly , regularly . close shot - clayton & sylvia he bend over , look at she for a long moment , then he hand touch she shoulder , shaking it to waken she . clayton ( softly ) wake up .... her eye open , close , then open again . clayton ( cont would ) ( gently ) let 's get move , huh ? she do not move , only look at he . clayton ( cont would ) 173 . ( conceal he anxiety - smile ) be you all right ? sylvia ( still half - awake ) I never notice before - that 's a cowboy tie .... clayton I buy it for the square dance . I think I ought to wear some - thing western . she laugh dreamily , look up at he . her smile go suddenly . she glance out over the edge of the ditch . sylvia be that ... machine ...? clayton it 's go now . sylvia where be we ? clayton Southwest of corona , somewhere . there must have be another cylinder down here . they have be through this whole area and clear everybody out . ( peer from the ditch ) there 's a farmhouse . let 's see if we can find something to eat ...! as they prepare to leave , dissolve : int . farmhouse - kitchen - ( night ) close on a skillet load with bacon and egg . camera angle widen . the kitchen be not modern . Old gas refrigerator . High -oven stove , its flame gas-jet make a eerie glow . coffee percolate . sylvia have tidy she hair , renew she make -up . Clayton be take a jug of orange juice from the refrigerator . he use it to indicate the farmhouse as he glance around . clayton we be do all right . he put it on the table , which he have set , then look warily out the window . he go to the stove as sylvia begin dish up . she be pensive . they keep they voice down . clayton I almost forget when I eat last . ( genuine ) it look so good .... you know , mostly I get my meal in coffee shop and restaurant . sylvia ( astonish ) do not you live at home ? clayton no , on the campus . I have not any family . sylvia I come from a big one . nine of we . all in Minnesota , except I . clayton I have no close folk . my parent die when I be a kid . another angle - clayton and sylvia shoot across the table to the stove . sylvia come toward camera , bring bacon and egg . he follow with the coffee . clayton a big family must be fun ... I imagine it make you feel you belong to something . sylvia it do ... maybe that 's why I feel kind of lose right now . clayton ( reassuring , pour coffee ) we will get safely out of here , do not worry . sylvia ( pour orange juice ) but they seem to murder everything that move ...! clayton if they be mortal , they must have mortal weakness . they will be stop -- somehow ! 175 . close shot they begin to eat . clayton I have be as close to they as anyone . but not close enough for real observation ... sylvia ( over he - not listen ) I feel like I do one time when I be small . ( not sorry for herself , merely tell he ) awful scared and lonesome ... I would wander off - I have forget why - but the family and whole crowd of neighbor be hunt for I . ( and then ) they find I in a church . I be afraid to go in any place else . 116 . close shot - sylvia half smile at the memory . sylvia I stay right by the door - praying for the one who love I best to come and find I . ( and then ) it be uncle Matthew who find I . clayton ( quietly ) I like he . 177 . at the table sylvia touch away a tear , keep she voice con - troll . sylvia he like you ... I could bawl my head off ! clayton but you be not go to . you be not the kind . ( encourage , gentle ) you be tired , anyway . you have be up all night . you crack up in a plane . slept in a ditch . but you 178 . want to know something ? ( removing glass look , smile ) it do not show on you at all . as she smile , hold he gaze , a greenish glow begin to spread through the kitchen . Clayton rise , startle . the light become a glare that limn everything sharply - emerald and black . a smash and roaring sound outside , approach like a avalanche . Clayton grab sylvia as the house shake . part of the ceiling crash down . the floor rock under they . they fall , Clayton shield sylvia , as the wall smash in . high camera - special effect - ext . farmhouse and multiple meteor a multiple meteor have fall . through the ground mist we see that one cylinder have gouge up earth and be hit the farmhouse in f.g . two other cylinder land in the far distance and be obscure in the mist . all movement end . silence follow . dissolve : int . wrecked farmhouse - ( night ) close on a break pipe , gush water . sylvia 's hand come into scene , soaking a cloth . camera pan as she draw the cloth away . Clayton be sprawle near the live room doorway , hunch , hold he head . she crouch by he - shake , anxious - press the cloth against he temple . he sit up slowly , hold the cloth against he head , then press it over he face and eye . he be hurt . finally , he drag the cloth down he face and suck in he breath . she hold he while he brain steady . clayton how long be I out ? sylvia ( small , whisper ) hour . I have be so scared .. he start to get up . she hold he down . sylvia ( cont would ) ( whisper ) they be right outside ! several of they come down together ! Clayton be immediately alert . he rise quietly , camera pan as he tiptoe to the wall and peer out 185 . a vertical break . special effect - ext . wrecked farmhouse Clayton 's viewpoint . everything be see through or above low ground mist . in b.g. be fencing , tree , shed . visible above the mist be a martian machine , glide slowly . it stop . close in f.g. , be part of a glit - tering leg that rise to the underside of another machine stand sentinel , straddle the house . int . kitchen - clayton & sylvia Clayton 's eye reflect he excitement . he leave the open , look up , start quickly toward the live room . clayton ( whisper ) there 's a machine stand right over we ! int . live room - mo . shot the attic have be crush down in a mess of beam and plaster . the roof have spill over at one side . Clayton reach up , pull at beam and plaster , try to get a better look . he peer out through a open to the farmyard again . sylvia , by the door to the patio , regards he fearfully . special effect - ext . farmhouse Clayton 's viewpoint from the live room . the martian machine in b.g. be now slowly submerging into the mist . from this vantage point , a third machine be now vis - ible , still on the ground in the farmyard . now this machine begin to rise on its glow beam-leg . int . live room - mo . shot Clayton be peer through the open in b.g. sylvia , f.g. , stand beside the break door to the outside patio , turn and look out . she suppress a scream , start away . camera move in fast , shoot - ing past she to the exterior . the patio be block with debris , fall fuchsias , pot cacti in bloom . a form be just disappear beyond the debris . smooth , reddish , indefinite . close shot - sylvia & clayton Clayton jump to she side . sylvia something move outside ! Clayton bring out a flashlight , start to move out to the patio . sylvia cling to he as he look . clayton ( whisper , tense ) nothing there now . sylvia it be ... ( indicating martian ) ... one of they ! clayton what be it like ? sylvia ( drawing he back toward kitchen ) I could not see much in the dark - but it be one ! clayton we be right in a nest of them ! I have get to get a look at they . he pull away from sylvia and work quickly at a shattered wall , make a open . from the other side of the room come the SOUND of shifting debris . sylvia call a warning . Clayton spin , back to join she . they shelter in the kitchen doorway , watch cautiously . the thrust and rattling of displace wood and plaster continue . int . live room - mo . shot they viewpoint . through the debris appear a long , slender mechanism in the shape of a flexible metal - lic tub . at the head of it be a enlarge section which split and slide back , disclose a bright lens - like a eye , but larger . it begin to quest about the room , glitter in the deep shadow . close - clayton and sylvia he be fascinate . she be freeze with fear . clayton ( bate ) it 's look for we ! 189 . 190 . 191 . 191la . 192 . she pull he down behind the upset dinette table , jamme in a corner with other debris . closeup - martian scanning eye it be divide into three striate lense , each faintly color with one of the optical primary - red , blue or green . it come through the doorway . it turn ceaselessly around and back again on a sheathed universal joint , make a faint clicking SOUND on each movement . questing . suspicious . reflected in each lens be a tinted , peculiarly distort view of the wreck kitchen . close shot - clayton & sylvia huddle behind the table , watch through a crack . special effect - ext . farmhouse & martian machine camera pick up the plastic-cover nose of the machine , within which the honeycombed circle have now become a luminous screen . on this translucent surface , project from inside , be a curiously twisted picture of the kitchen - as transmit by the scan eye in the house below . int . kitchen - close shot - clayton & sylvia Clayton have pick up a pebble of break plaster . he flip it against the ceiling of the live room beyond . he grab sylvia , pull she down . int . live room - mo . shot - scanning eye the eye be turn around and back as Clayton 's pebble and a little break plaster dribble from the ceiling . the eye snake upward to look . it come down again . slowly , suspiciously , it lower to the floor . closeup - clayton & sylvia she be clutching he . he come up a little , poke cautiously where plaster be break from the wall and peer into the live room . int . live room - mo . full shot Clayton 's viewpoint . the mechanical eye be in the middle of the floor , turn around and back . 194 . 195 . watch . wait . int . kitchen - closeup - clayton & sylvia he cover the peephole with he hand . clayton maybe they be not too sure we be here . sylvia ( bate ) they could be as curious about we as we be about they . clayton maybe ( look up ) maybe they want to take we alive . special effect - ext . farmhouse - mo . full shot a martian machine be move through the mist in b.g . the one in the farmyard have move nearer . the honey - comb circle be alight , show the picture of the kitchen in the house . suddenly this go off . int . kitchen - close shot clayton & sylvia he be use the peephole to the live room again . clayton ( whisper - sharp ) it 's pull out ! int . live room - mo . full shot viewpoint from kitchen . the sheath be close over the eye . the flexible tub be withdraw . it disappear . close shot - clayton & sylvia he get up , come cautiously from the kitchen , with sylvia follow . she grasp he arm . sylvia ( gasp ) let 's get out of here ! he gesture she to silence , move toward the wall and the open he have make . she peer fearfully out through the break patio door . sylvia ( at the door , shocked ) they have block it ! clayton ( at open in wall ) it 's block here , too ! ( furiously claw at the hole ) they have push up earth or something all around outside . ( move to fireplace ) here , this way ...! he snatch a axe from the woodbox by the fireplace , jabbing between fall ceiling beam . sylvia look fearfully around . closeup - sylvia & clayton - pan shot camera whip up from they . the martian eye be hang in the dimness above they head , through a split in the ceiling . sylvia look out !! Clayton see it , leap , slashing with the axe . a loose beam be dislodge in a shower of dust and frag - ment , fall across the tub and the eye , pin it to the floor . close shot - clayton as he hold a foot on the tub behind the eye , hack with the axe . he cut the lens clear . the rest of the mechanism be withdraw fast , snake up into the debris . clayton we have get to get out now - fast ! ( grab up metal shape contain the eye ) this be something tangible to work on .... ( excite , exultant ) it will tell we a lot about they ... he jump to where he be work , hack furiously with the axe , careless of noise now . clayton ( cont would ) I have get to get to Pacific - tech - quick ! 201 . 203. 204 . close shot - sylvia shoot past Clayton . she come into scene behind he , pull on a loose beam to give he room , use a piece of cloth to protect she hand . behind she be a door lead to the de . it be break , sprung from its hinge . camera move in past Clayton as out of the dark cavity behind sylvia come a hand that be more than a hand , on a arm that be thin , lean , with degenerate muscu - lature . thick vein cross it , pulsate . back of it be a dim form . the hand - shape have three fingerlike sucker . they fasten on sylvia 's shoulder , spread , huge . her eye and mouth open in horror . she try to scream but she vocal cord be paralyze , shocked . she be draw back , drop the loose beam . then she force a SOUND between she lip . Clayton hear and leap to help she , send the beam of he flash - light at the figure behind she . flash - close shot - martian we see a head , hairless , reddish like the planet itself , cross by protrude vein which pulsate . dominant be a single multi-lense eye with color pupil . the martian be staggered by the light . he lift he strange , sucker hand to ward it off . live room - clayton , sylvia and martian Clayton turn with sylvia to escape . the martian lunge after they . Clayton turn the flashlight on the figure again . it stop , staggered . Clayton fling the axe and the martian reel back as the axe hit . a unhuman scream sound as it disappear back into the cavity . this continue overscene as Clayton swing sylvia to the open in the ceiling . he snatch up the piece of cloth sylvia drop , then follow . int . wrecked farmhouse - attic sylvia come up through the sloping floor , slide to - ward a break window , its frame sprung half out of the wall . Clayton slide after she , through the dormer window . they drop out between frame and wall . the scream continue . special effect - wrecked farmhouse and martian the unhuman scream come overscene , wild . we see 207 . 208. 210 . the red leg of the sentinel martian , which be move . in b.g. a machine be on the ground , mist . from a open come a yellowish , strange - color beam . visible in this be three move creature . squat . thick through . everything about they sag downward under air weight and the pull of gravity . in f.g. , Clayton and sylvia flee wildly from the house . ext . farmyard - ( night ) - featuring clayton and sylvia the two run from the direction of the house , smash through a burn hedge , they foot stir hot ash and bright spark in the darkness . the scream trail away . special effect - long shot - ext . wrecked house and martian machine the sentinel martian have move back from the house and be hit it with a heat-ray . Beyond , in the night sky , the green streak of a multiple meteor sud - denly slant down . glow , sinister . another slow , fall at the same angle . both loom big before they hit the dark earth in turn and disappear behind the curtain of the ground mist . fade out . fade in : ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - full shot - ( day - stock ) a establish shot . dissolve : insert - ext . government bldg . - ( day ) camera on wall lettering : dept . of defense . dissolve : int . message CENTER - mo . close shot - ( day ) camera shoot down on a enormous table map of the world , scattered with black patch , indicate dead area clean out by the martian . attack arrow extend from this . Metal - each with a bright , minute - iature martian machine . around the edge of the map be wac and special personnel constantly enlarge the black - out area , push arrow forward as the martian advance . the map indicate that the world be fight for its existence . Spain be dead from 210a . 211 . Valencia to Seville . martian occupy the west of France up to nantes . they be thick from cherbourg across Belgium , Holland . the italian boot be black out near Rome . Dark patch be in Greece , yugo - slavia . in the southeast corner of England ; in South Wale , Scotland and in Ireland from tralee to cork . they're in Sweden , lithuania , marrakesh , tripoli , Egypt , South Africa and strategic place in the u.s.s.r . in the levant and India , malaya and Australia . some dead area be large . some small . but the small one grow larger all the time . int . message CENTER - mo . shot a reception area occupy the floor around the map on the table . in this area , and in room off it , be battery of teletype , phone , wirephoto machine . present be high Army , Air Force , navy and Marine Corps brass , with a colorful scatter of worried foreign attaches - phone , confer , argue . seat personnel receive message and use phone to direct the worker at the map . camera move in on a big group near a wall cover with pull - down map , listen to General Mann . his aide stand near , hold color chalk . there be a control - bank of tv screen close by , lifeless . close shot - group shoot past General Mann . we see high brass , all star and staff insignia . the only civilian be the secretary of defense - neat , without fat , disting - uished , badger - gray hair , cool . he stand beside the chief of staff - bald , seven row of decoration and five star ; a tight - lipped man with calculate eye . the rest be mature tactician and fighter . they include the french attache - rugge , tough . the italian attache - fat , suave . the british attache have a trim mustache , three row of ribbon , gray hair . the incessant sound of phone call , teletype , quick order come over scene . general mann' voice and this much be certain -- it be vital to prevent the martian machine link up . once they do , they adopt a extraordinary military tactic . ( forceful - indicate map ) you can see from that black - out area that they be use it very effectively . they form a crescent ... 212 . 213. close shot - general mann he use color chalk to draw a thick , crescent - shape line on the blackboard . he continue draw , illustrate he word . general mann they anchor it at one end , and sweep on until they have clear a quadrant ... he draw three crescent - shape line to a quadrant , show the movement of the martian . general mann ... then they anchor the opposite end -- and reverse direction ! as the strange diagram progress across the black - board , it take on a unearthly , centipedular aspect . general mann they slash across country like scythes , wiping out everything that 's try to get away from they ! group - favoring general mann , secretary of defense and chief of staff as staff Colonel hand message to the Chief . secretary that explain why communication be cut the moment they machine begin to move . chief of staff ( reading a message ) Madrid have just black out !! nothing more come through . secretary the same thing that happen on we Pacific Coast . ( Calling ) anything from they yet ? staff colonel no , Mr. Secretary . we have have nothing from San Francisco for over five hour . staff major ( move in , urgent ) that picture be ready now , sir ! all turn at once to follow he . 214 . staff major I have include that wirephoto from Paris , Mr. Secretary . chief of staff ( glancing toward map ) be we still in touch with Paris ? wac ( after a moment ) no , sir . alcove as the group file in . no seat in the alcove . no light . camera favor the foreign attaches . italian attache ( gesture - in french ) we set cannon wheel to wheel above napoli . they melt they like candle . french attache ( to italian attache - in french - with gesture ) we plane dive at they . all that happen -- ( a sweep of the hand ) -- they crumple like papier- mache ! during this , the staff Major snap he finger . a picture hit the screen . staff major this film clip be fly in from the West Coast ... Golden Gate Bridge . a martian machine be come off the bridge , out from under one of the 750 - foot tower . staff major ( cont would ) this other be from New York . one of they cross from the New Jersey side ... we see a martian machine on the waterfront , move catch against the New York skyline , use a ray against a skyscraper . staff major ( cont would ) ( as film cut off ) and here be the wirephotos . 215 . group - at viewing BOX everyone turn from the screen to a tall box with a tilt glass top . staff major ( go on ) this be the Paris wirephoto . it must be the last thing out of there ! camera move in on the glass . in a still picture transparescy , we see the eiffel Tower collapse . there be a martian machine in a lower corner . a ray have blast three of the tower 's leg and be just hit a fourth . french attache' voice ( in french ) my God ! staff major' voice and this be another - from Rio de Janeiro . Day . see from the harbor , with the corcovado peak and huge christus statue against the sky . a martian machine show among the ruin at the waterfront . staff major' voice ( cont would ) outside London . the River Thames , near Windsor Castle . Windsor Castle in b.g. a martian machine wading the river , half -hidden by misty steam . a heat - ray hit - ting the water . in f.g. , a overturn rowboat and people in the water . british attache' voice the water 's boil from the martian heat - ray ! staff major' voice ... and here 's that Los Angeles picture ! 216 . alcove - group - favoring staff major the light from the viewbox tints they face blue . staff major this be a sonic-radar picture , take from extreme altitude . it show de - tail of the martian nest outside Los Angeles . camera move in on the view glass . 217 . 219 . staff major' voice they machine show as round blob . newly fall cylinder be elongate . we see a odd , blue-tint photo . it show a clear pattern of small , shine shape . sentinel martian make the outer point of a triangle . Inside this be smaller triangle , form where multiple cylin - der have come down . chief of staff' voice we know there be three cylinder to each group . Three machine to every cylinder ... ( appall ) that 's over fifty machine right here ! close shot - secretary and group - ( moving shot ) chief of staff ( to Secretary ) mister Secretary - if they link up with that other near fresno ... secretary all right - I have see enough ! he stride from the alcove - camera following - and move to the big map on the table and look down at it . the other follow and gather around . insert - operation map black - out area increase . arrow be move . activity all along the map . mo . close shot - group the Secretary look up to the other . secretary there 's only one thing that will stop the martian ! we have hold back pre - viously because of the danger of radiation to civilian . now there 's no choice . ( to Chief of staff ) the United Nations have vote authority to the United States . the White House will confirm a order to use the atom bomb . chief of staff 220 . 221. ( nodding - decisive ) then we first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles . secretary I will request the scientist from Pacific - tech to monitor the drop . ( toward General Mann ) we will clear the area all around . after that we will hit they all over the world . I will have long - range bomber alert , load and stand by . dissolve : ext . campus , pacific - tech , high potential bldg . ( day ) shoot from the portale , past a iron railing and a pillar with a frame plan of the campus , mark : pacific institute of science and technology . dissolve : int . room in high potential bldg . - ( day ) a group of Pacific - tech doctor and assistant be sorting out anti-radiation suit , rubber glove , geiger counter , mask and special equipment . they be modern scientist , natural in manner , alert . Dr. pryor - high man in aerodynamics - turn sharply as Clayton come in with sylvia . a gray-haire man face around with he - dr . dubrock , Nobel prize - winner in physics . dr . pryor forrester - everybody 's be look for you ! clayton I know . we have walk halfway from corona ! finally find a abandon truck . miss Van buren - this be Dr. pryor ... Dr. dubrock ... ( talk right on , bring out martian ' eye 's and stain cloth ) what 's this I hear about the a-bomb ? dr . pryor we be go in right afterwards ! Study its effect . dr . dubrock we leave in half a hour . ( look ) what 's that ? dr . pryor a king -size fish eye ? clayton we take this off the martian . all move in sharply as he set the eye on a table . dr . pennington - astro-physics and optic - examine it closely . clayton ( go on , quick ) it will tell we a lot about they metal and alloy . dr . pennington ( rouse ) if this be a lens , we can find out something about they optic . dr . pryor interesting ... very interesting ... clayton ( show cloth , point to stain ) and this be the blood of a martian ! dissolve : 222 . insert - slide see through microscope - martian blood pallid pink . full of tiny crystal . dr . gratiman' voice I have never see blood as anaemic as this ! 223 . int . laboratory - high potential build - ( day close on a big microscope with twin eye-piece . dr . gratzman be look up from it - biochemist and research man , alert , red-haire . camera begins to pull back as he speak . dr . gratzman they may be mental giant , but by we standard , they be physically degenerate . most of the Pacific - tech scientist be group with he at a bench where the stain cloth be under examination ; Clayton and sylvia with they . ina corner be a epidiascope ; Dr. pennington be rigging the martian ' eye ' to this . the instrument have a big screen . there be a wall - board chalk with note and form - ulae . High - pressure cylinder - one red , one green - in a wheeled carrier . bench with asbestos top and discard apparatus - mercury jar , holder , switch . Big , gay - color electronic tube . dr . dubrock ( to sylvia , comment ) that hand - finger like sucker ! ( amuse ) it sound as though they may have evolve from fish . sylvia they be cold - blooded enough ! 224 . group - favoring dr . bilderbeck " baldy ' bilderbeck , mathematician and top-drawer man in nuclear physics . dr . bilderbeck ( comment mildly ) be not it curious how everything about they seem to be in three ? clayton they eye have three lense and three distinct pupil . and strong light shock they . dr . pennington they be not accustom to it ! sunlight on Mars be about half as strong as we get it . add they cloud and dust and it amount to no more than twilight . ( to Clayton ) we have rig this epidiascope to reflect whatever you martian lense pick up . ( click switch ) move in a little ... thank you . camera angle to favor Clayton , Dr. pryor and Dr. bilderbeck as they ease nearer . Light from the epidiascope screen show on they face . its density change . suddenly , everyone gasp , horrify . dr . pennington's voice that 's how the martian see we ...! 225. 225a special effect - group - and epidiascope screen shoot close past the three to a terrifying image of themselves on the big glass screen . color hideously change . eye enormous and peculiar . Green face . hand elongate . finger like bony talon with blue claw . proportion go crazy , and all movement exaggerated . there be a moment of horrify silence . dr . dubrock's voice if that 's how they see we , no wonder they want to kill we on sight ! dr . bilderbeck's voice if I see creature like that I would want to kill they myself . clayton' voice evidently there 's a shift in the spec- trum . and color absorption of the martian retina be completely different from we own . ( amuse ) but maybe they look good to each other ! dr . pennington's voice let 's find out why they be so curious about you , miss Van buren . the other move back and sylvia seem to surge on to the glass screen . her face be a nightmare mask , violently color . she recoil in a little shocked movement . clayton' voice ( lightly ) well , well -- a martian 's idea of beauty ! dr . dubrock's voice ( Calling ) time we get start , gentleman ! the glass screen pick up a distort image of Clayton 's face as he move to sylvia and turn with she to go out . int . laboratory - mo . shot they be all move toward the door . Clayton pause by the microscope , glance toward gratzman . clayton ( touch cloth - thoughtfully ) this martian blood ... 225b . 226. ( suddenly suggest ) let 's make a quick analysis and see what we have get ! gratzman ( look at he - think ) it might give we something . sylvia glance at they in turn , not understanding , but sense the importance of what they be say . pennington pause behind they . clayton ( nodding - glance from cloth to gratzman ) something we could use ... pennington let it go . if you be interested in martian blood , you will be able to get all you want right after the plane drop the bomb ! they all start toward the door . dissolve : ext . AIR field - full shot - ( stock ) a great six - jet fly wing bomber race down the runway and take to the sky . dissolve : ext . highway tunnel - moving shot - ( dusk - overcast ) camera be close on the lip and mouth of a radio reporter for the Pacific Broadcasting company as he speak rapidly and dramatically into a microphone . reporter the target for the a-bomb drop be this nest of martian machine in the puente Hills - where more of this meteor come down early last evening . the shot widen to show the reporter -- dishevel , tired , dirty -- with a portable tape- recorder sling over he shoulder . he move forward , camera follow - ing , to disclose sylvia , gaze through field glass . the reporter exit , still talk rapidly . sylvia lower the glass momentarily , then look through they again . camera leave she , panning . the mouth of the vehicular tunnel be on the slope of a high ridge , about halfway up to the summit , so that a view from the tunnel itself be one of sky only . right at the mouth of the tunnel , the highway make a abrupt turn to enter , and the outer side of the roadway be protect by the usual concrete buffer wall . this have be augment by the military with massive sandbag breastwork to protect that in the tunnel and the necessary observer in forward posi - tion from enemy action from the valley below . with - in the tunnel proper , camera pick up the scientist from Pacific - tech , who be gather in a cul - de-sac in the tunnel wall . doctor dubrock , pennington and bilderbeck have already get into they color anti - radiation suit . doctor pryor and gratzman be present with sundry assistant . glove , mask , and special equipment be be laid out . Clayton be put on a suit . a jeep stand by . during this : reporter' voice a plane will pinpoint the target for the drop from six mile up . condition be perfect . the bomb will be about ten time more powerful than the one use at Hiroshima . nothing like it have ever be explode before , and we be go to be pretty darn close -- but there be observer down in the valley in a forward bunker and they will be a lot nearer than we ! camera move to pick up , near the outer breastwork , Army , navy and Air Force brass , with special observer from the Atomic Energy Commission , and a first - Aid unit . to one side be a group of high officer and official , for liaison and observation from ally Nations within the roster of the united Nations . everyone be equip with field glass . observe officer use they constantly and talk quietly , tense - ly . there be a buzz of comment in foreign tongue from the United Nations Group . a spread of loud - speaker be mount on a jeep . other vehicle include a radar scan truck with antenna cocked skyward , constantly scan . reporter' voice ( cont would ) there must be a couple of million people back of we in the shelter of the San Gabriel hill -- wait to find out whether they can go home again ! this will decide the fate of civilization and all humanity -- whether we live or die may depend on what happen here ! loudspeaker voice ( echoing in the tunnel ) attention , please ... thuh - ree minute to bomb time ! 226a . 227 . camera pick up General Mann with a group of officer and staff of Sixth Army Command , behind a big breast - work . nearby be a field telephone unit . Beyond be cameramen in battle dress . the Radio reporter move into scene , talk in to he mike . reporter direct cable communication be be maintain with Washington , and from there to key center around the world , but there 's no radio communication at all - even with the bombing plane that 's come over . all radio be dead . which mean that this tape- recording I be make be for the sake of history -- if any ! ext . sky - full shot - ( stock ) the big delta-w bomber take off and speed toward the cloud , head for the target . ext . tunnel mouth - group Clayton , drs. dubrock , bilderbeck . all be help each other with they anti-radiation suit . sylvia move into scene and assist Clayton . clayton General Mann say Washington be cer - tain the martian be aim at complete saturation . they intend to take over the entire earth . dr . dubrock and bilderbeck have calculate exactly how long we have get before they do it ! all look at bilderbeck . dr . bilderbeck ( mildly ) if the a-bomb fail , that be . dr . pennington it will not . dr . bilderbeck ( evenly ) if it should fail , the martian can conquer the earth in six day . there be a moment 's pause . 228. sylvia ( quietly ) the same number of day it take to create it . all look at she . loudspeaker voice attention , please ... two minute to bomb time ! two shot - clayton and sylvia she help adjust the cuff at he wrist , and he belt . then , after a moment , make it casual : sylvia be it possible to go in right after the explosion ? clayton yes , with this suit . we have use they before on atomic test ... odd - look , be not they ? sylvia very futuristic . ( smiling ) your do not really go with that butch haircut ! clayton ( Hand through hair ) I could wear it longer -- but it 's less trouble this way . sylvia my kid brother have one . you know why ? clayton yes ... fit better in a football helmet . sylvia ( amaze , stare ) how would you guess ? clayton ( smiling ) that 's the kind of a kid brother you would have ! loudspeaker voice attention , please ! one minute to bomb time . take shelter ! 229 . 229a . 230 . 231 . 232. ext . mouth of tunnel - full shot all move into position behind the barrier . staff officer consult watch . some try to sight the plane . loudspeaker voice fifty second to zero . stand by ! if you have no goggle , turn away . remember , the heat flash and afterblast be danger - ous ! ext . sky - mo . shot - ( stock ) the a-bomb plane circle above the cloud , head for the martian . ext . tunnel - featuring radar scanning truck the antenna scan the sky ceaselessly . int . radar truck - mo . close shot a officer and a sergeant be tensely watch the radar screen . the pip suddenly resolve into a dot . officer there 's the plane ! the sergeant run out . ext . tunnel - pan shot camera be on the radar truck . the sergeant bolt out the rear door , run toward General Mann and the scien - tist , camera panning with he . all be stand tensely , look off toward the martian nest . loudspeaker voice forty second to zero . group & yellow - breasted oriole shoot in toward the tunnel . perched on a scrub tree , f.g. , be a oriole , sing . Clayton and sylvia , the scientist , General Mann and other . the sergeant reach General Mann . louspeaker voice thirty second to zero . 234 . 235 . from here on , every second be mark by a clicking metroname - like beat . every fifth second be empha - size by the voice over the loudspeaker . sergeant ( to General Mann ) we have sighted the bomber , sir ! General Mann and the other look toward the sky . loudspeaker voice twenty - five second to zero . dr . dubrock ( glancing 0.s. - suddenly ) look ... look ! field glass swing quickly in the direction of the martian nest . special effect - field glass viewpoint - martian nest it be a hell of a scene . sentinel martian machine be darting back and forth on the perimeter of the mass group . all the machine glitter and glow in the wane daylight , suddenly imbue with a furious activity . cobalt jet be stabbing upward from every machine . loudspeaker voice twenty second to zero . ext . tunnel - mo . close shot - group favore Dr. dubrock and the scientist . dr . dubrock they must have sighted it , too ! special effect - marian nest the indlvidual electro-magnetic envelope expand , merge and grow rapidly to form blue-tinged bubbles cling to the ground , still expand . Racing up from each machine to form part of a over - all canopy . loudspeaker voice Fifteen second to zero . thin blue - color jet stand like rod above the tree , pulsate furiously , lift the envelope until they be enormous billow in the sky . every - thing inside they take on a different color . 237 . 238. flash cut - about the mouth of the tunnel everyone shelter behind the breastwork and in the cul - de-sac and behind vehicle in the tunnel . Clayton , sylvia , the scientist - navy , Army , Air Force brass , foreign representative , cameramen , tense and goggle . the yellow - breast oriole , still sing . loudspeaker voice ( measure - clear ) ten second to zero . ext . mouth of tunnel - full shot Pacific - tech man in f.g. everybody without goggle turn away , head bent . all duck behind sandbag . loudspeaker voice nine - eight - seven - six - five - four - three - two - one - zero ! a blind flash of light murder all color . special effect - martian nest a blunt spear of light have lance out of the sky . it explode into a gigantic , reddish heat - flash . a elephantine swirl of dust and smoke , shot with orange and peach and pink , engulf the martian machine . then come the SOUND of a cataclysmic explosion and the scream of a great wind . flash cut - effect of the bomb a . brass duck behind sandbag . Dust , branch , papers , debris slashing through the air . b . a signal Corps corporal , incautiously ex - pose , be blow end -over -end . c . the radar truck almost topple over under the concussion of the blast , antenna tear loose and fall . da . Clayton , hang onto sandbag with one hand , cling to sylvia with the other . e . a full shot inside the tunnel . every object be limn sharply and brutally in the white - hot glare of atomic fission . the deafen roar of the explosion echoes and re-echoes 243 . along the tunnel . for . special effect - the glare outline a cower group inside a highway gas station as the plate glass window shatter over they . g . a Series of cut - EARTHQUAKE effect ( stock ) . a bus overturn - a car be wreck - a house and shed collapse - utility pole sway , wire snap and sparking - building shudder and shower masonry - bridge and oil derrick sway and collapse - people flee , panic-stricken . h . a hillside - family cower in the shelter of rock , stark face to the glaring sky . i. special effect ( matte painting ) . the San Gabriel Hills , show thousand upon thousand of family mass in the barranca and gul - lie - a scene reminiscent of mount rubidoux of a Easter morning . as the bomb glare , a gasp of human terror and agony join with the roar of the great concussion wave . j . the titanic mushroom pillar of smoke and dust obscure the martian nest . ext . tunnel - mo . shot - gen . mann & officer the General be at the field telephone . the blast be swirl all around . gen . mann ( at phone - shouting ) hello ! hello , there ! what can you see ? int . forward bunker - close shot two military observer - in concussion helmet and anti-radiation suit - peer through periscope slit in a heavily sandbagge bunker . wind blow dust in through the slit . observer ( gasp - into phone ) it 's beginning to clear out there , sir ! special effect - martian nest - periscope view the blue envelope be shrink upon themselves , go down , color deepen . they be unpuncture . 244 , int . forward bunker - close shot the observer yell into he field telephone . observer there 's something move ...! 245 . special effect - martian nest - mo . full shot out of the coiling dust and smoke a martian machine be glide . another follow . a third show . observer' voice ( yelling ) they have not even be touch ! 246 . group - general mann , scientist , clayton and sylvia the Pacific - tech man run into the breastwork , Clayton and sylvia with they . the suction blast whip and swirl , dust fill the air . camera favor the General , use field glass . general mann ( shaken ) it do not stop they ... dr . pryor they know what to expect ! dr . dubrock ( excite ) they be way ahead of we electronically . they have have the atom bomb and forget it ! general mann ( desperate ) gun - tank - bomb - they be like toy against they . we can not go on order man to attack ...! 247 . wider angle - group - sylvia in f.g. Army , navy and Air Force brass come over , listen - ing , anxious . the wind fade . dr . pryor they will exterminate every live thing ! dr . pennington so what do we do -- run about like ant until they hunt we down ? sylvia camera general mann we will establish a line and fight they all the way back to the mountain ! dr . bilderbeck ( mildly again ) but it can end only one way we be beat . look at he , move away . Clayton follow . move in on Dr. dubrock and Dr. bilderbeck . dr . dubrock ( quietly , look out ) six day , you say ... six day . ext . mouth of tunnel - near breastwork feature sylvia , as Clayton come to she . Dr. dubrock be approach from b.g. sylvia look up at the empty branch where the oriole be perch . sylvia maybe they will not kill all the bird . dr . dubrock Washington issue order - in event the a-bomb fail - immediately evacuate all city under attack ! ( look out toward martian ) and they be move in on Los Angeles now ! clayton they will stamp the city flat ! dr . dubrock ( to Clayton ) if we take all the instrument we can establish a base in the Rocky Mountains ... clayton ( nodding - look o.s . ) a forlorn hope - but there be a chance . gratzman it might give we time to search out some weakness in the martian . clayton I believe we can get a lead from they anaemic blood . dr . dubrock ( glancing at Clayton ) you mean some biological approach ...? clayton ( forcefully ) we know now that we can not beat they machine -- but we can beat they ! ( look o.s. again ) they be mortal being ... the only question be whether we have time enough to do anything ! gratzman ( to dubrock ) if we get what transportation we can , and pick up instrument and book from pacific-tech ... dubrock ( to sylvia ) could you help we ? drive for we ? sylvia of course . dr . dubrock ( hurrying o.s . ) thank you ! clayton ( quietly , watch sylvia ) the Rockies ...! you would rather get back to that big family of yours in Minnesota , would not you ? sylvia I wonder if they be go through this too ...? Clayton look at she sympathetically , not speak . sylvia ( go on ) I probably would not be able to get to they if I try ... clayton you will be all right with we .... ( look out again ) ... for as long as anybody 's get ! sylvia ( touch he arm ) do not let 's lose each other . he tuck a hand under she arm , reassure , turn away with she . 249 , 250 . sylvia ( wryly , smile ) because then I really would feel lose ! dissolve : flash and quick cut - siren - ( day ) a. close shot - sire - City Hall in b.g. it begin to blast , full - throat , scream its warning . bear medium shot - ext. Street corner . traffic light in f.g. with air raid siren on top . it start to howl . angle show traffic in b.g. pedestrian turn quickly . Cars drive erratically , pull toward the curb . c . ext. cornice of Office bldg . a nest of siren on the rim of the roof , wail . d . medium shot - ext. cahuenga pass at freeway entrance . siren on a light pole take up the warning . Cars head toward curb , then speed away , turn against traffic . confusion . e . medium shot - ext. firehouse . siren wail . a red underwriter sedan crash out into the street . ext . suburban STREET , los angele a police car come slowly down the street . Red blinker work . sire go furiously . it have a windshield sticker : Civil Defense . follow the police car be a pick - up , with a loud - speaker horn . a man with a Civil Defense armband stand in the truck , shouting into mike . loudspeaker now listen carefully . this be a military evacuation order . all populate area be to be abandon . it be imperative that you leave the city . moving shot - another angle - favoring loudspeaker truck and warden camera move with loudspeaker trucker . C.D. warden , wear old - style steel helmet , shouting to pede - trian and car . some run to the house . in b.g. people dash from they home , gather up kid , pile possession on car , yell at one another . 253 . a few car spurt out of driveway and barrel off . a chorus of wail siren overscene . C.D. official - ad lib ( over loudspeaker ) the martian be come - take what you can carry and get out — take food and water with you - get away from all popu - late area - go to the desert or the mountain - the City 's be evacuate - get go for you life ! ext . flash and quick cut - STREET and plant scene alarm giant rubber , aircraft and crack plant catch as shift break . thousands of man racing for they car . siren scream o.s. ( second unit with con - ceal 16 mm camera . stunt man beef it up . ) flash and quick cut - evacuation effect ( 1 ) everything move from right to leave on the screen - all go one way , merge with fast dissolves . haste and urgency . a . low angle , car flooding a highway . bundle on fender , roof . Rolling bumper to bumper , fast . b . people pile onto bus as they pull out , tote suit case and bundle . c . desert ice-cream wagon , wheel break , tip over against a wall . kid on the back step , stuff himself with ice cream . da . sweating C.D. official and cop wave traffic past , urging it faster - faster . e . refugees cram aboard a pullman . for . man crowd last bundle onto a car roof ; woman yell at he from the car . as he start away , he see he have a flat tire . g . ext. General Hospital . nurse , interne , evacuate stretcher and ambulatory case to ambulance in f.g. h . a single line of refugee trudging over a firebreak in the hill . dissolve : 254 . 255 . 256 . 256 - a ext . yard behind pacific - tech - ( day ) overscene be the distant SOUND of the martian approach - roaring explosion , the thunder of destruction and gunfire . the scene itself be desper - eat with urgency and activity . scientist work frantically to load book , heavy instrument , papers , file - even a blackboard from which there be no time to copy the formulae it bear . for transporta - tion they have a small move van , a school bus , stake truck , two light pick - up and four car . as we come into scene , the move van roar past we to the street . Beyond this , the last baggage be be slam aboard the yellow school bus . Dr. dubrock wave it away . it come past camera - sylvia drive - as Clayton climb up behind the wheel of the stake truck . by the stake truck Clayton reach for the starter button as gratzman hurry past . clayton ( Calling ) gratzman ! -- gratzman ! do you get that biotic ? gratzman no . I think you have they . clayton all right . I will get they ! ( drop off truck ) ( shout to dubrock ) go ahead - go ahead ! I will catch up with you . he run 0.s . other vehicle start to move out as they frantic load be complete . int . laboratory - high potential build - ( day ) the room be in a state of abandonment and disorder . Clayton run in . he grab two big carton , throw out they content and hurriedly load they with glass and pack plastic vial which have be leave on one of the bench . he start out again . yard behind pacific -tech it be litter with discard material . all the other 257 . 258. 259 . 260 . 261. 262. 263. vehicle have go when Clayton run to the stake truck . yard , the passenger seat . scream away . he be a lonely , desperate figure in the empty as he clamber aboard push he load across to he start the motor . the truck int . truck cab - exit from yard and STREET motor roaring as Clayton step on the gas . gear , peer ahead , anxious dissolve : ext . CITY STREET - ( day ) he shift to overtake sylvia . the stake truck turn a corner onto a wide street , roll fast , tire squealing . Clayton 's brake go on . int . truck cab - featuring clayton brake hard . ahead . stand on everything . stare what he sees - ext . CITY STREET - and mob a mob have attack and pile other be swarm all over this vehicle begin to move and bumper . the mob rush stake truck and mob Men jump up at both side of the door before Clayton can int . truck - clayton and men shoot through the windshield . from both side of the cab . stake truck and mob - STREET it be a strange mob . Men and woman . aboard a p.e. bus. a couple of taxis. on , with man on roof the stake truck . the cab , back up . wrenching open Men attack Clayton desperate . pile over the open side of the now halt truck , while Clayton fight behind the wheel . a man slide into he place . he be throw out . camera pan the mob , fight to get aboard - empty the truck to make room . and papers shower down . the Scientific instrument crash to the road . book truck get under way . people hang on outside be shove off . 264 . 266 . moving shot - back of truck a well - dress man be cling to a rear corner , perch precariously , hold a bag . another man be struggle , elbow he to make he own hold secure . well-dressed man ( desperate ) let I up there ! man ( shove ) get off ! well-dressed man ( hanging on , gasp ) I will give you five hundred dollar for you place ! ( Wild ) I will make it a thousand ! two ! man ( shove he off ) money 's no good no more , bud ! roadway - featuring well -dress man his bag burst open as he fall . bill , gold coin , jewelry spill out . he scramble to pick up he money . running foot trample on it . trample on he . ext . STREET - mo . close shot - clayton he get to he foot , wind , hold he rib , gaze after the truck . straggler run past he . only the well - dress man be leave behind , still grab for he valuable . Clayton get he breath , look around . mo . shot - well -dress man strewn on the pavement be the precious debris the mob leave . the shattered barrel of a electron micro - scope - biochemical vial , spill and shattered - electric induction furnace - laboratory camera - electronic tube - microscope - book - the jar and container of organic chemistry . the well - dress man be scrabbling among this wreckage as Clayton come into scene . clayton ( still gasp ) do that mob grab the truck ahead of I ? the man glance at he but do not answer . Clayton move nearer . clayton ( cont would ) ( desperate ) hey - there be a lot of Pacific - tech man with that truck ! do you see they ? man I do not know . there be fight up the street . clayton ( still move in ) do the mob get a school bus ? a girl be drive it . the man be on he knee , grab , panting . man if they see it , they take it ! they take anything on wheel . you can not buy transportation for love or money ... ( pause ) money ...! 268 . another angle - favoring well -dress man he sit back on he haunch , look at the bill and coin in he hand . he look from the bag to Clayton and back again , suddenly shake and terribly shocked . well-dressed man my whole life 's savings ... now it will not even buy a ride on a truck ! slowly he stand up . suddenly he grab a big fistful of bill and jewel from the bag . well-dressed man ( twisted ) you want five thousand dollar ... ten ... twenty ? ( toss bill toward Clayton , throw down the bag ) help yourself -- there 's a hundred thousand in there ! he turn and start after the mob . Clayton eye the ruin around he . he pick up a shattered microscope , look from it to the way he have come . again he look at the debris of the instrument , hopeless . he 270 . turn to the way he be travel and let the micro - scope fall from he hand as he start away , beginning to run . camera angle to pick up the money and break instrument . it move close on the shattered micro - scope as we dissolve : ext . farther along the STREET ( 1 ) - ( day ) desert . late afternoon shadow . litter with drop garment . Doors stand open . curtain flap at window . Clayton be run , glance back as a old , open car rattles into scene . load with three family , they kid and two bark dog . bundle and baggage tie all over it . Clayton thumb for a ride . sprint and try to leap on the run board . hand shove he off . he fall . the car clatter on . Clayton get up off the road and begin to run again . two more car come past camera and race by he , over - load , drive recklessly . dissolve : ext . farther along the STREET ( 2 ) - ( evening ) Clayton dog-trot into scene . it be beginning to get dark . we see debris from a hasty road - block place by a mob - chair , settee , furniture drag out of a nearby store . to the side of the road be one of the pickup from Pacific - tech , distinguished by its color , overturn , its load spill , wheel buckle , jamme between a telephone pole and shop front . strewn on the road be pile of papers , book , file and instrument throw off the other Pacific - tech vehicle . Clayton stare around , see something and hurry to pick up a yellow board : school bus - southridge . he hold it , look around . the road be scattered with baggage throw off the little bus . a car streak past , heavily laden and go fast . Three bicyclist follow , pedale hard , possession tie all over themselves and they machine . one wobble , but recover . Clayton start forward , hesitates , still hold the yellow board . clayton ( suddenly shouting ) dubrock ! ( and then - wilder ) bilderbeck -- dubrock ! sylvia ! no answer . he look up at the sky and the unearthly flicker of the martian ray . he glance at the board again . the first drop of rain hit it , driz - zling down . he drop it across the curb , move 274 . away toward the break barrier , turn up he coat collar . camera dolly in on the school bus sign , lie in the gutter . dissolve : flash & quick cut - evacuation ( 2 ) - ( night ) the rain have stop . the street be wet and glisten . a . rooftop and utility pole silhouett against the smoky sky . local explosion . flashes of martian ray and beam . b . traffic thin , fast and frighten on a highway out of the city . c . move car in closer angle . all overload . carry extra rider wherever they can perch - on fender , bumper , roof . da . refugees run down the cloverleaf off a freeway . dissolve : ext . CITY intersection - favoring clayton - ( night ) a traffic light , not work . a mailbox overturn . there be a break suitcase at one end of a rain - wash bus bench . Clayton enter , pause by the bench . he be sweat , irresolute , as he look around , breathe hard . he 's wear out , walk on he heel . a mp Jeep - two mps in it - roll into shot , come past the intersection . the driver see Clayton , brake hard . m.p. driver hey , you ! better get outa here ! clayton I be look for some Pacific - tech professor ... m.p. driver there 's nobody leave around here now . clayton ( half to himself , desperately ) we have a chance ... we could have stop they ! 275 . 277 . ( to the stare m.p. 's ) the mob steal the truck and smashed everything up . the fool ! they cut they own throat ! other m.p . he 's nut . c'mon - jump in ! the mp 's look up . special effect - sky - above intersection a overshot ray from some martian machine slashes the air , high overhead . squeale , pulsate . vicious . see beyond the power and phone wire . special effect - quick cut and flash - los angele civic CENTER and martian machine a. Civic Center . street empty . martian machine active in distant b.g. b . martian machine , belly - deep in flame , ray and beam work . c . close on a martian machine among collapse , burn building . it send a beam slant upward . d . close on City Hall . its top section be hit by the beam it fall , disintegrate into color dust . intersection with sign - favoring clayton the mp 's be half - ducking from the menace of the overshot ray . m.p. driver hurry up ! jump in ! clayton ( appeal ) there be a girl with they ... if I could find she .... other m.p. jump in here , will you ? clayton she 's kind of lose . m.p. driver you look kinda lose yourself . 276 . 279 . 281. clayton ( look o.s. - suddenly remember ) but I think I know where she will be .... other m.p. c'mon , c'mon ! it 's you last chance to get outta here ! Clayton wave the jeep away and it roar off . he start in the direction from which the jeep come , beginning to run . dissolve : special effect - ext . STREET ( same as 270 ) - ( night ) camera be close on a muddy puddle of rainwater in the gutter . float in the muck be the yellow sign : school bus - southridge . angrily reflect on the surface of the water be the glaring sky , ray slashing , flame and explosion tower . Silent , except for the b.g. roar of destruction . no light except the glare from the sky . camera pull back as the long , waver shadow of a man move across the sidewalk , loom larger and closer . his footstep echo in the desert street . then he foot enter the shot and pause by the puddle and the yellow board . camera move up to disclose Clayton in close figure , look down at the sign . slowly he look off . camera pan away from he to show the street beyond . smashed window and loot shop . crack - up , abandon vehicle . discard bundle . a jalopy have overturn against a fire hydrant and water geyser high in the air . clay - ton re-enter the shot , run a little way , walk a little , then run again . he look around as he go , seek a clue . out ext . STREET - close moving shot - clayton breathe hard , sweat . no life anywhere . sprat from the break hydrant drip from he . he trot toward a nearby corner . special effect - ext . STREET corner - full shot a reverse angle , shoot along a side street from the corner . Clayton enter , f.g. , stop by a lamp post , look ahead . along the dimly light street be a church . faint light show at the window . above 281la . 282. 282a . and beyond it be a burn ray - shot sky . as Clayton start toward it , the distant SOUND of voice singing be hear . special effect - ext . church & STREET - full shot a down shot from high alongside the church steeple and belfry . the dark , gothic outline of the tower loom huge in f.g. below in the distance , the tiny figure of Clayton uncertainly approach the church over the glisten pavement . the music of the voice grow louder , but muffle and echoing through the structure of the steeple . ext . church - mo . full shot ( moving shot ) Clayton stumble from f.g. toward the step and door of the church , camera following . the music of the hymn swell , but be still muffle and indistinct . he climb the step , push open the door . the music swell to full volume , voice join in suppli - cation to God . no one be see but Clayton . int . church ( moving shot ) camera be close on Clayton as he open the door and pause , look off . the singing reach a crescendo and die away . the shot widen and camera pan with Clayton to people stand near the door . Light in the church come from kerosene lamp and candle place wherever they will stand - on pew -end , window - ledge . camera follows Clayton , as he look anxiously about . the congregation be a scattered gather of distress humanity . that who could not run - child , cripple , the sick , age - and that who feel it be useless to run . they make group and cluster in the aisle and bench and pews . the church be full of quiet movement - first - aid for the injure , water for the faint , comforting child , soothing baby . the voice of the minister be lift in prayer . mumbled ' amen ' join , above the rumble of destruction , grow with the martian advance . minister' voice ( 0.s . ) we humbly beseech thy divine guidance , '' Lord . deliver we from the fear which have come upon we - the evil that draw ever nearer - from the terror that will soon knock at the very door of this , thy house . we pray thee , Lord - grant we the miracle of thy divine intervention .... Clayton begin to back out . a deacon catch he arm . 283a . deacon ( pale , calm - whisper ) it 's useless to run , brother . stay with we . clayton ( whisper in reply ) I be look for someone ... she will be in a church , near the door . dissolve : special effect - STREET shot & martian machine a . Clayton run down a street toward flame sky . dissolve : bear ext. boulevard & martian machine . look along the boulevard . a machine visible a block away , flame and fall building be - hind and around it . Clayton cut across , run . dissolve : int . second church - moving shot - ( night ) camera be close on a statue of St. Anthony with the infant Jesus , dimly light by flicker candle . camera move back , show score of votive candle all bank around the statue . the congregation be say the rosary . Clayton enter shot , look around . camera moving , he pass through the crowded room . two el - derly woman with Red Cross armband be help dis - tress and injure people . as Clayton go past they , camera pause and move in on a particular group . the Red Cross woman step away , disclose bilderbeck , look off after Clayton . he be lie on the floor near a rack of hymn book and prayerbook . he be pale , clutching a stain , bloody bandage against he side . bilerbeck Clayton ...! Clayton move sharply into scene , bend over he . clayton bilderbeck ! be you all right ...? ( bilderbeck shrug weakly ) where be the other ? 284 . 284a . 285 . 285a . Clayton try to make he comfortable . bilderbeck a mob swarm all over we . I do not know what happen to the other . I get knock under we truck . ( whisper as Clayton pillow he head ) there 's nothing you can do for I .... clayton what about sylvia ? bilderbeck I do not see she , Clayton .... both look o.s. as a martian ray scream outside , its light catch they face . special effect - CITY section & martian martian machine loom through the smoke . a heat - ray hit a row of building , turn they white - hot . they flare and change to gray ash . the ray reach out beyond they , scream . ext . STREET - close moving shot - clayton amidst a inferno of flash light and the thunder of a city be destroy , Clayton proceed along the street toward the martian . special effect - another STREET as Clayton run into it , check . the sky be red and lurid . the night be fill with crashing and roar - ing . a ray fire the tip of a tall building . a skeleton beam hit another . it collapse , fall . a martian machine come into sight , ray slashing . the ray swing toward Clayton , in f.g . he jump frantic - ally . flame envelope the scene . huge fall block of building stone blank out the screen . special effect - closeup clayton in the lurid glare of the heat -ray , fall masonry be block off the shot . then , as Clayton be dis - close , cower in a doorway , the reflection of the street show in the plate glass window behind he . choke dust and debris almost obscure everything . the roar and rumbling be overpower . Clayton look around frantically . he see : 286 . 289 . special effect - ext . community church - full shot from Clayton 's viewpoint . up the street be a church with a white cross on the outside , light by pot-flare . building beyond it be aflame and fall . it stand in the very path of the martian advance , as they machine race nearer . dissolve : int . community church the crash and grow roar of fall building and explosion sound overscene , draw always nearer . the window be full of crimson glare , almost drown the light of storm lantern and lamp . a mix con - gregation kneel wherever there be space to kneel . bum with nothing . gray-haire woman in bedraggle fur coat . young. old. lame . blind . weary people , some still cling to bag and bundle . the voice of the rev . bethany come over scene . rev . bethany's voice ( vibrant , not loud ) God never leave we , no matter how dark the hour - how deep we despair . we be tell - have faith and ye shall be save ! another angle - favoring rev . bethany a strong - face man , a leader , see in the glow of a kerosene lamp , wear surplice . Beyond he be the space for the choir , sparsely occupy , a boy in the f.g. the scream of a ray come from overhead . its light make a add glare . the Rev. bethany raise he arm . not ranting . sure in he faith . under great stress . rev . bethany ( supplicate ) in we peril we plead ! succor and comfort we in this hour . ( almost whisper ) please God .... he lower he arm . a terrifying , rattling explosion sound nearby . we hear the vicious screech of a skeleton ray and the chute roar of fall masonry . Rev. bethany sign toward the choir . close shot - choir boy tear on he cheek . scare to death . lip tremble . but he clear soprano sound . choir boy ( sing ) abide with I moving shot - int . community church the congregation pick up the hymn , the Rev. bethany 's voice come strongly . camera truck the congregation . sudden flash burn at the window . cracking and roaring increase overscene , racing closer . some people glance from the corner of they eye . some cling to one another , shudder at the high -pitch sound of martian ray . they know any moment may be the last . camera pick up : a . elderly couple hold hand , sing the hymn , and wait patiently for the end . bear Rev. bethany , out of he pulpit , put a comforting arm around the choir boy . c . stain - glass window , aflame and brilliant from the glare of a ray pass outside . d . | Young husband and wife with two kid , seven and four year old . the parent have they arm about they . the little girl have a arm around she brother . she be praying : '' set four angel round my bed ... one to watch ... and one to pray ... and two to carry my soul away . " the mother bite she lip . her husband kiss she . they cling to each other . camera pica up Clayton search frantically , try - ing to push in past people , beginning to lose hope . camera move on . we see a doctor do what he can for sick and injure . as camera movement continue the overscene noise begin almost imperceptibly to diminish , as though the martian advance be myster - iously slow . finally , camera pick up sylvia . kneel a little way in from the church porch . Beyond she be a stain - glass window of St. Peter . the SOUND from outside be lessen all the time . camera move close on sylvia . pray softly . as she pray when she be small . we do not need to hear the word . we know what she be ask when we see the light that come in she face as she hear : 291 . 294 , clayton' voice sylvia ....... ! she whirl around and come upright . camera angle widen . Clayton take she in he arm , just as the stain glass window be momentarily light by a orange glare . loud in the strange and sudden quiet come a tremendous explosion . color glass shower in from the window , but the haloed head of St. Peter remain intact . so do he key . woodwork , masonry and dust spill down from the roof . people scatter from it , move out of scene past camera with Clayton and sylvia . camera pan and hold on the congregation as the hymn die out . now it be al - most completely quiet . people begin to rise . lis - tening , turn to gaze o.s . some begin to move to the doorway and step outside . ext . church step - mo . shot sylvia and Clayton be stand on the step . still . listen with everyone else . the Doctor come for - ward to look out . sylvia gasp suddenly , hold tightly to Clayton . a woman near she point o.s. , scream wildly . special effect - church & STREET - full shot a martian machine be come from the corner of the block . Rolling toward the church , filthy with dust , tangle with every sort of debris . Ugly and enormous , ray flicker into the air . it blunder into a building . come on . ext . church - mo . shot everyone still , stare fearfully off at the machine . face light by the shudder glare of nearby flame . the Rev. bethany show in b.g. , come forward , gaze out . special effect - martian machine ( 2 ) its color dimme , muddy . foul with earth and oil streak . dribble debris . Ray lick weakly , fade . it blunder into and break overhead wire and cable . a telephone pole smashes down under it . fall wire be entangle underneath , burn and smoking in the sputtering high - frequency beam-leg . the beam flick - er , off and on . the machine rock as its support falter . it crash to the street . 294a . 295 . 297 . 298. 299 . 300 . 301 . ext . STREET - mo . close shot - martian machine a aperture slowly split open . the hand and arm of a martian struggle partly out , reach and claw . ext . church - mo . close shot everyone stare , full of fear and wonder . the Rev. bethany join Clayton and sylvia . ext . STREET - close shot - martian the triple -sucker hand be reach out , try to find a grip . we see the protrude vein , they pulsation weaken , slow . ext . church - mo . close moving shot Clayton move out . the Doctor follow with sylvia . the Rev. bethany move out . other follow . Clayton pause , look o.s . other look with he . special effect - ext . STREET - full shot f.g. be the machine on the pavement . Beyond at a cor - ner , be another , heat - ray flick wildly . it lurch against a building , carom off , blunder into another and move out of sight . ext . STREET & church - full shot a reverse angle , with the down martian machine in f.g. people from the church begin to approach the machine , but they be wary and keep they distance . Clayton lead the way with the Doctor . suddenly Clayton gesture and they all stop and look off past the f.g. machine . special effect - ext . devastate STREET - mo . shot a martian machine almost envelop in flame , move slowly . its beam - leg flicker . it sink down . ext . STREET & martian machine - mo . close shot Clayton step forward again . clayton ( look off - exclaim ) 302 . 303 . 304a . something 's happen to they ! he look down at the vein arm extend from the open in the machine . close shot - martian & group shoot across the martian 's arm in f.g . the skin of the arm be lose its ruddy color . the pulsation of the vein have slowed . the clutching of the hand lessen . the arm become brownish - yellow . the hand still . Clayton and the Doctor , b.g. move closer . the Doctor kneel by the martian , touch the yellow flesh . ext . STREET & church - mo . full shot people stream from the church and the street beyond . stare . inching forward . ext . STREET & machine - group - ( moving shot ) the Doctor straighten up from he examination of the martian . there be a strain look of awe on he face as he look off toward the now silent city . doctor ( low-voice ) we be all praying for a miracle ... the shot widen to include the forefront of the crowd . reverend bethany , the choir boy , Clayton , sylvia , all wait on he word . they , too , look off , listen . series of cut - collapse of the martian a . special effect - ext. viaduct ( as previously ) . flame of the burn oil reservoir previous - ly destroy . the martian machine sink to the ground . bear special effect - ext. City Hall District ( as previously ) . Ray and beam in the smoke- fill sky grow weak , flicker and stop . there be silence . c . special effect - ext. Street ( as previously ) . wreckage everywhere . smoke -laden sky . devastate building . flame . two martian machine prone on the street , color fade . a jeep race through down the street , dodging obstacle . 304b . 304c . d . special effect - San Gabriel Hills ( as previous - ly ) . the thousand of family huddle in the barranca and gully be turn , face the holocaust in the distant city . a last few ray streak the sky , then cease . a babble of voice grow into a inarticulate hosanna . ext . STREET - mo . close shot the Doctor be center of the group . doctor after everything man could do have fail - the martian be be kill by the littlest thing that God , in his wisdom , have put upon the earth . people be look at he . at one another . doctor ( quietly ) the martian come from a sterilize world . they have no resistance to disease from which we be immune . ( to reverend bethany ) this one die of septicema . anaerobic baccili . ( to Clayton - grim , glad ) a embolism of he overdevelop brain have burst a artery - kill he and save we ! they be doom - all of they . germ be kill they ! camera move in on the face of the crowd . hardly believe what have happen . beginning to hope . wonder and gladness grow . reverend bethany save by the littlest thing God make ...! doctor' voice once they be infect , it 's quick -- twenty - four hour . it 's hit all this at about the same time . ext . STREET & church - mo . shot - ( pan shot ) near the church , the mp jeep speed in , brake as it near the people . they jump aside , leave a lane to the fall martian machine . camera pan with the jeep . half -stand , the mp Driver and he pfc aide yell order , gesticulate , face grim . mp driver 304d . 304e . 304f . 306 . keep to you shelter - stay in you shelter ! everybody back ! other mp there 's still danger - wait for order ! mp driver you will get order ! the jeep stop beside the main group . the two mps jump out , gun at the ready , and advance to the dead martian . close shot - group Clayton , sylvia , Rev. bethany , Doctor . breathless , eye question mutely . closeup mp driver he rise and turn toward the group . mp driver ( understand they tension ) nothing official yet -- but it look like it 's over . first report be they be fold up in drove all over the world ! he grin and wipe he brow . closeup choir boy he draw a breath , eye shine . choir boy ( sing - clear ) now thank we all we God ... special effect - belfry & CITY - full shot as the word of the ancient hymn swell overscene from a myriad throat , bell begin to peal through the smoke and ruin of the devastate city . voice ( sing ) ... with heart and hand and voice , who wondrous thing hath do ... ext . STREET & church - crowd ( moving shot ) some sing . some in silent prayer . some in silent ecstasy . the young husband hugging he kid . a old woman all alone , sing softly with the other , eye turn to heaven . they start to move toward the church . camera pick up in close shot , Clayton and sylvia . she be radiant . he smile , hold she gaze as he take off he glass , fold they and put they in he pocket , bend to she . she take he arm , smile up at he . they move after the crowd . she start to sing as they go . special effect - ext . STREET & CITY beyond camera shoot down into the street as the crowd move toward the church . almost unconsciously , people have form a lane , along which the small figure of Clayton and sylvia walk . camera pan up the facade of the church to the belfry , where bell begin to ring out , join the chorus of SOUND from the voice and other belfrys . camera pan across burn , smoking building to a untouched sector of the city - crossing other belfrys with they ringing bell . a dawn sun be rise beyond rooftop as the singing voice end in a great " amen . " fade out . the end