the rule of attraction screenplay by Roger avary base on the novel by bret easton Ellis available from : draft date : www.avary.com March 3 , 2001 registered : wga / with '' copyright 2001 1 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 2. continued : ( cont 'd ) and it 's a story that might bore you but you do not have to listen because I always know it be go to be like that , and it be , I think , in that last year , or , actually , weekend , really a Friday , in September , at camden , and this be year ago when I be a different person , and I be so drunk that I end up lose my virginity ... a wide shot of windham House dorm , fill shoulder - to - shoulder with party - goer from all walk of college life . there be a droning wah - wah of people talking and drink beer . break through it be a synthesized tomandandy pop song . on a makeshift dancefloor a guy name stuart have take off he shirt and be perform a wild solo dance . superimpose the title : the end of the world party on the other side of the room lauren be try to be inconspicuous despite how shitface drunk she be -- use the wall gravitational pull to keep she from sway and revealing she inebriated state . she lift a big red plastic cup ( the kind you buy by the hundred at price Club ) to she lip and take another sip of beer . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) --- I lose it to some guy who I think be a ceramics major but be actually either a nyu film student , just up to camden for the end of the World ... across the room , the guy who might be a nyu film student be talk with expressionistic hand gesture to a townie looking guy wear a Hawaiian style shirt with a odd donkey pattern on it . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) -..or a townie . ( pause ) I actually have my eye on someone else that night : swish pan and track in on : victor , a senior with a good body and be so beautiful he might be gay . he 's talk with some other popular guy ... ( continued ) 2 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 3. continued : victor I be tell you , with european girl it 's just a number game . if you stand on a street corner of any major european city and consecutively ask every girl you see if she will fuck you , one out of twenty will say yes -- right then and there . ( as if to illustrate ) do you wanna fuck ? do you wanna fuck ? do you wanna fuck -- lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue over Victor 's illustration ) Victor . a junior , a Drama major , just back from Europe , only a little gay , with jet black hair , a great body , and this amazing gray eye ... victor ( continue ) -- do you wanna fuck ? do you wanna fuck ? do you wanna fuck ? do you wanna fuck ? do you wanna fuck ? one out of twenty ... bam . you be fuck . it 's a confirm statistic . that 's the difference between american and european girl . Victor lift he eye with a smile to nod to someone across the room . swish pan and track in on : a beautiful french girl across the room catch he " what 's - up " nod and she smile back in that seductive way that can only mean they fuck on a regular basis . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) .-. but Victor be see this beautiful french girl who he have meet earlier in the year while backpack through Paris . hard CUT to : ext . paris STREET - day Victor be walk down a Paris street with a large backpack on , and eat a pathetic emporter camembert cheese sandwich . he stop the beautiful french girl and ask she direction from a little plan du Paris . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 4. continued : lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) she have give he mono , just after she give he direction . CUT back to : int . windham house - live room - night close on : the guy who might be a ceramics major , but probably be a nyu film student be sit on a ratty , old couch cover with a pale blue sheet , talk to she about movie but really try to jump into she pants . guy who might be a nyu film student so you know the movie I be talk about . it be unfairly label a tarantino film even though he 's only list as a executive producer . remember the sex scene with nosferatu on the tv in the background ? mindfuck if ever there be one ... lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) so this guy from nyu , or wherever , who be not even a good Victor facsimile ... quick pan / track in on : lauren , try to keep focus and nodd as if she know ( but do not ) what he 's talk about , be sit opposite from he on the couch . lauren ( nodd ) yeah . yeah . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) . -- and I be talk on this ratty , old couch , underneath , and I remember this -- quick tilt to reveal : a poster of a giant smile Ronald Reagan , that someone have draw a Hitler moustache on , be hang on the wall directly above and between they . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) -- a big poster of Ronald Reagan that someone have draw a Hitler moustache on -- maybe it be a Charlie chaplin moustache . I dunno ... ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 5. continued : wide on : lauren and the possible ceramics major but probable nyu Film major . he 's chatting her up and she 's kind of nodd in agreement and sip she beer -- occasionally blurting out some inane comment . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) .--- and I keep agree with he like and dislike all the time think that while he might not be Victor he be cute enough , and I be sure that I be mispronounce all this filmmaker 's name , remember all the wrong actor , name the wrong cinematographers , but I want he ... his eyeline wander and focus on someone else across the room . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) .--- and I could see that he gaze be drift toward Kristin notneff ... swish pan and track in on : the Louise brook -look kristin notneff , who turn she eye , from whatever conversation she' in , to meet the eye of the guy who may be a nyu student . smile . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) --- and she be look back at he with confidence because she know that underneath she clothes she be wear a black bra and black panty -- complete with garter belt -- which I be not . close on : lauren , know that if she want this guy , who might be a nyu Film major , she 's go to have to make a move , or else the garter belt girl be go to steal he away . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) but I have the next best thing ... lauren lean in and whisper into the guy ear . lauren ( whisper ) I have get a joint in my room . quick CUT to : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 6. int . windham house - lorna slavin 's room - night slam ! the guy who may be from nyu shut the door and smile . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) except it be not my room . it be lorna slavin 's room , who be off campus at she boyfriend house ... probably swallow he DNA . lauren sit down on the bed , totally fuck up , but seductive despite she condition . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) and I do not have a joint either -- and if I do I do not know where it be because it would have be lorna slavin 's joint . he do not really even care when I tell he I do not have one . the guy who might be from nyu sit down on the bed next to she and make he move . he lean in and start kissing she . almost immediately she eye roll into the back of she head and she pass out . CUT to black : lauren ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) I must have pass out around then ... fade in : int . windham house - lorna slavin 's room - later - night extreme close on : lauren , look kind of waste . she 's lay on she stomach and she face be bury into a pillow . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) when I come to I try to take off my bra , but be still too drunk ... and he be already fuck I . she look back , kind of annoyed , and sure enough , she 's be fuck from behind . grunt , grunt , grunt -- with every exhalation come a thrust . she start moaning with every plunge into she . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 7. 6 continued : lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) but he do not know I be a virgin and that it hurt -- not that badly , only a little bit of sharp pain , but not as bad as I have be teach to expect , but not exactly pleasant either -- and that 's when I hear another voice in the room ... she lift she head and try to look back behind she to determine the source of the voice . guy who might be a nyu film student ( 0.s. ) do she how ron Jeremy would . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) .--- and I remember the weight on the bed shifting and realize that this person behind I be not the nyu film student guy , but someone else -- track up from lauren to a townie be grasp she ass and fuck she from behind with porn movie thrust . he have a blue viagra pill on he tongue and be hold a plastic beer cup in one hand . he swallow the pill with a swig of beer . townie leave that up to vitamin '' vv '. lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ohmygod , it be some townie . I have actually lose my virginity to a townie . track back down to lauren as she lay she drunken head back onto the pillow and shut she eye , try to block out the thrust . long , slow zoom in on : she close eye . lauren ( v.o. ) ( continue ) this would not have happen with Victor . he would have take I gently in he big strong Drama major arm and undress I quietly , expertly , take the bra off with grace and ease , kiss I deeply , tenderly , and it probably would not have hurt . I should have give myself to Victor last term , when I have the chance -- ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 8. continued : ( 2 ) suddenly the door open up and light flood the room -- lauren 's eye open up . some guy rolling a keg , who be bath in a silhouette , push the keg into the room . guy rolling a keg dude , we have to put the keg somewhere . it roll forward and slam into the bed , shaking she . the door close again and the room be again shroud in darkness . guy who might be a nyu film student ( 0.s. ) I be next ... suddenly , mid-thrust , the townie heave up a mouthful of barf , spraying it onto lauren 's back with a satisfy splash . the disruption cause all three people , lauren include , to slip and fall off the bed , pull the sheet with they and crashing into a desk or something . guy who might be a nyu film student Gross , dude ! leave I with sloppy second , why do not you ? the townie lurch forward and grab a cheap wicker waste basket , the kind you buy at target , and let round two come gush out into it . of course , it splashes out and splatter onto lauren and the guy who might be a nyu film student . for a moment she focus on the townie 's shirt , it 's a short sleeve button - down with a cartoony donkey pattern print on it . lauren shut she eye . freeze frame : lauren sit there , lock in time , a wretch moment that 's almost humble in its horrible nature . then we read the title : lauren she have just win the gold Medal for the most pathetic loss of virginity of all time . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 9. continued : ( 3 ) lauren ( v.o. ) ( sardonic ) I always know it would be like this . suddenly ... lauren , the possible nyu Film major , and the townie all start to move in reverse they be wind backward as if time itself be flow in the opposite direction ... guy who might be a nyu film student ( talk backwards ) ? puoy tano yhw , sdnoce yppol htiw they evae L !edud , ssorG the barf seem to get suck out of the basket and back into the towny mouth . they all tumble and slip backward up and onto the bed . he suck the vomit off of she back through the air and into he mouth until she 's clean again . track slowly away and out of the room as lauren find herself back on she face and knee get it from behind , but with strange reverse thrust . guy who might be a nyu film student ( he voice run backwards ) -..txen m'i around now we notice that the SOUND be flowing backward as well . the tomandandy song can be hear muffled through the floor -- " yik -yakk " as it be wound backward . the towny grunt have reversed into a sucking SOUND . the door fling open and flood the trio in light , suddenly the keg roll backwards back through the door and into the hand of the guy who roll it in . guy rolling a keg ( he voice run backwards ) - erehwemos gek eht tup to evah ew , edud track backward ( in reverse ) and out the door into ... the hallway ( reverse ) the dorm room door be swing close , even though it be really be open ... ( continued ) 10 11 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 10 . continued : 8 the guy roll the keg be walking backward down the hall , because they , of course , be reversing through time . they kind of pull the keg backward with what seem like gentle brake of the roll keg with they fingertip . they be laugh and the music , which we can now hear clearly be still winding backward . they come to some stair and with a erratic backward movement the keg jump up into the air and into the hand of the guy who carry it , backward down the stair . int . windham house - live room - ( reverse ) - night 9 the guy with the keg come walk down the stair -- all other motion be still in reverse , and so be the music . track backward ( in reverse motion ) through the room , follow they with the keg as they roll it backward across the small dance floor where college student be dance ( in reverse , of course ) . the keg roll up to a bucket of watery melt ice . the guy roll it hoist it up and out of a bucket of ice . the tap pop on and the last dribble of foamy spray suck back into the spout ... all reverse motion . the watery ice ( reverse ) 10 in the bucket suddenly begin to form and crystallize into hundred and hundred of cube . the water literally vanish as it reform into bag ice at its coldest . int . windham house - live room - ( reverse ) - earlier 11 close on : the beer flow out of cup and into the spout . the keg must be full . track backward past a guy with a large Beer bong . he lift it up and it 's as if the beer come flow out of he mouth -- fill up the long tube . track backward past a guy watching the Beer bonger with a bag of chip , he 's pull they out of he mouth and put they into the bag . track backward past a beat up Sean Bateman ( who I x11 describe later ) . some rip apart purple envelope and they accompany letter come lift up and out of a beercup - fill trashcan and into he hand . he reverse rip they back together and walk backwards out of the front door and out of the room . ( continued ) 11 12 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 11 . continued : 11 track backward past Stuart , he insane solo dance even more insane in reverse ... continue tracking past lauren , who drunkenly get up with the guy who might be a nyu film major and wobbly lead he upstairs ... and I 'il bet you a hundred dollar that she take he to lorna slavin 's room -- except it happen in reverse , so she come down from the stair instead of up they ... pull back to reveal : the entire room . we can see Victor , who 's smile as he watch the beautiful french girl walk backwards as she reverse approach he . we can also see Kristin notneff scoping around for someone other than the guy who might be a nyu student . track in - between a group of guy near a fireplace with a tv in it instead of wood . on the tv be a video of a actual fireplace . paul denton , one of the guy , be talk . he 's definitely one of the beautiful people . at 20 , he have the brood good look of a supermodel , but be clearly too sharp to settle for that . he 's voracious in he hunger to stay hungry ... yet , descartian enough to question what it mean to hunger . paul ( speak in reverse ) - pot to smee emit taht ylkciuq os yb gnivom era sgniht ekiL ? wonk uoy - mutnemom drawrof skcal efil ym taht gnileef eht teg tsuj I track right up into a close up of : the nice yule tide log burn happily away on the television . stop at it for a brief moment and then -- switch the direction of time 12 track away from the television screen . pull back to a wide shot of Paul and he friend , donald , raymond , harry , and a couple of other . paul I just get the feel that my life lack forward momentum . you know ? like thing be move by so quickly that time seem to stop . paul ( v.o. ) sometimes I can not believe the shit that spill out of my mouth . so while I talk about god know what I let my eye drift across the room . as my mouth allow thought to drop out of my brain and roll ( more ) ( continued ) 12 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 12. continued : 12 paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) off of my tongue like gumball I imagine all the thing in life that never be ... Paul lock eye with Sean on the other side of the room . he 's talk to a girl with blond-ish hair ( who we will come to know as Kelly ) . after what seem like a long second , Sean look away and start talk to the girl . paul ( v.o. ) ( continue ) and all the thing that could have be . one of the guy Paul be talk to be a lacrosse play jock with a skull four inch thick . he be the handsome dunce , and despite he vacant grey matter he 's as good look as they come . paul ( v.o. ) ( continue ) I have no idea what he name be . we all know he simply as the handsome dunce . handsome dunce wait . be there a nuclear war somewhere over the weekend ? I hear there be . Paul look at he , flat . paul ( v.o. ) ( continue ) he will do . Paul ignore the handsome dunce 's comment and look around the room . paul ( calculate ) this party suck , as usual . my brother 's bar mitzvah be more fun , maybe . handsome dunce I like this song . paul ( v.o. ) Gay song definitely . handsome dunce who 's the dj ? paul there be none . the CD player be set to both repeat and shuffle randomly from a cartridge of six disk . do you have any E .? ( continued ) 12 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 13 . ( 2 ) 12 brazilian guy make you spinal fluid run backwards . paul ( v.o. ) I sincerely hope so . handsome dunce I may have some up in my room . paul mda , mdma , or ecstasy ? the handsome dunce shrug , he do not know . Paul look to the brazilian guy . paul game ? brazilian guy ( to the handsome dunce ) where do you get it ? handsome dunce my friend father work for one of the big drug company that develop it -- for insane people . you know , to calm ‘em down . paul this party be drive I insane . I could certainly use some . brazilian guy I do not know . that story sound like bullshit , and if you take a burnt batch of that stuff you will get , like , instant parkinson 's Disease . he start to violently shake and wiggle in a gruesome imitation of parkinson 's Disease . it do not look pleasant . paul '' burnt batch '' . give I a bucket . this stuff be make by scientist in a germ - free laboratory . brazilian guy I just do not know . paul then do not . no one 's twist you arm . I do not know why I be even try to convince you . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 13 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 14. continued : ( 3 ) 12 paul ( cont 'd ) ( he turn to the handsome dunce ) let 's go . he and Sean , across the room , catch eye as he follow the handsome dunce up the stair . int . windham house - the handsome dunce 's room - night 13 extreme close on : the television set be on , play a scene from " Dawn of the Dead " . Zomby be draw to the mall as if it be the consumer temple , but the sound be turn down . Paul be flipping through a small stack of CD . paul Bruce springstein ? you own Bruce springstein ? handsome dunce ( sit upright ) whoa . I think it 's kick in . Paul look inward for a moment , wonder if he perception have change . paul ( v.o . ) I could not detect whether the E. have alter my perception yet . I do feel kind of horny . but be that the drug , or I ? then I get to wonder : what be I ? be a person just a collection of they like and dislike ? will I always be the quintessential faggot ? will I always only pant after the blond - tan-good - body -stupid-goon ? will I always blow it with the smart , caring , sensitive type ? I want to stop but ... Paul get up and lay down on the bed next to the handsome dunce . paul I be feel it now too . paul ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... the truth be I feel nothing . he lean in and kiss the handsome dunce , full and wet on the lip . the handsome dunce respond by violently push Paul off the bed . Paul fall to the floor with a thump . the dunce then ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 15 . 13 . continued : 13 grab a football from he bedside table , as if it be he only weapon . handsome dunce whatthefuck !? Paul lick he lip , still taste the handsome dunce . paul ( v.o. ) ( continue ) I could still taste he on my lip . paul I think you be ... gay . handsome dunce fuck you . I be no fag . the handsome dunce stand up off the bed and grab Paul by the shirt . he lift he up and forcibly walk he to the door . paul you sure about that ? because I definitely detect a cetain fagginess to you . handsome dunce get the fuck out of my room . he open the door and push Paul out . 14 int . windham house - hallway - continuous - night 14 there 's a SMALL pack of cute girl hang out in the hallway drink beer in big red cup and talking . they all stop when Paul get throw out of the room . the handsome dunce look over at the girl and suddenly become self conscious . he look back to Paul against the opposite wall . handsome dunce ( more for the girl ) I be not gay . you be lucky I do not kill you . the door slam shut . Paul look over at the girl and shrug . he then take out a cigarette and light it . sit there think . paul ( v.o. ) ( continue ) luck have nothing to do with it . everything be preordain . manifest destiny . you can stop time from ( more ) ( continued ) + % +e + % + h fh HH + % 14 15 16 17 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 16 . continued : 14 paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) happen no more than you can will the ocean to overwhelm the world or to cause the moon to drop from she outer sphere . Three month later the handsome dunce have a affair with a friend of mine . within a year he be a full blow queen and be tell people I could not get it up . luck have nothing to do with anything . freeze frame : Paul -- smirk despite the pain . then we read the title : paul then , suddenly , Paul start to move in reverse 15 the door open up . handsome dunce ( in reverse ) fuoy 11 ik tano I ykcul er ’uoy .yag ton yaG Paul be throw up into the room in a awkward reverse motion . the door shut behind he , leave the empty hallway . time be , again , flow in the opposite direction ... track backward 16 down the hall and into the party in the live room ... int . windham house - live room - ( reverse ) - night 17 track backward past lauren , walk drunkenly in reverse down the stair with the guy who might be a nyu film major as she take he to lorna slavin 's room ... continue tracking backward through the party . all of the party -goer be move in reverse .... continue tracking backward past the guy watch the beer bonger as he reverse regurgitate the bag of chip one at a time ... continue tracking backward past the guy with a large beer bong . he lift it up and it 's as if the beer come flow out of he mouth -- fill up the long tube . continue tracking backward past Stuart , forever engage in he shirtless solo dance ... ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 17 . 17 . continued : 17 18 19 track onto a trashcan fill with empty beer cup on top of which be the rip - up fragment of the purple letter . tilt up with they as they fly up into the hand of : sean bateman , young and good look with crystal blue eye , unkempt hair , and a ice - cold demeanor that suggest he have long since lose he innocence . he 's one of that guy who have washboard abs without ever have to do crunch ( I hate people like that ) . but for all of he physical attribute and material wealth he seem strangely empty , vacant , and distant . he have a clean shiner on he leave eye and he lip be slightly swollen as if he have just be in a fight . he reverse rip the purple letter fragment together , reunite they into a small handful of purple letter . and then -- switch the direction of time 18 Sean re-rip up the letter and throw they into the trash can . he pick up a bottle of Jack Daniels to he lip and finish the last of it . from Sean 's Pov we see lauren walk upstairs with the guy who may or may not be a nyu film student . we also see Paul walk off with the handsome dunce . Sean take another long pull from the bottle of Jack Daniels . after swallow the harsh gulp , he divert he eye and scan the room ... sean ( v.o . ) ( narrate ) a great numb feel wash over I as I let go of the past and look forward to the future . I pretend to be a vampire -- and I do not really need to pretend because it 's who I be . a emotional vampire . I have just come to expect it . that vampire be real . that I be bear this way . that I feed off of other people 's real emotion . I search for this night prey ... who will it be ? across the room 19 a cute blond girl name kelly who 's probably too young to drink be drink beer from a large red cup . she 's eyeing Sean . he 's eyeing she back . she cross the room and walk up to he . kelly have we meet ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 18. 19 continued : 19 sean ( v.o . ) I think I fuck she at the wet Wednesday Party last term . he shrug . sean no. hi. kelly I think we maybe meet . what 's you name ? sean peter. kelly really ? Peter ? that 's not you name . sean yeah it be . kelly be not you a senior ? sean no. freshmen . kelly really ? all of a sudden she start coughing , then sip she beer , actually downs it . Sean 's eye widen in delighted surprise . she 's drunk enough for he to fuck with . kelly ( continue ) I think you be older ? sean nope . a freshmen . peter. Peter the freshmen . as she continue talking , Sean zone her voice out and focus instead on she mouth . he lip be natural and full , she mouth rounder than most . sean ( v.o. ) she have dick suck lip -- so I consider the option ... quick CUT to : 20 21 22 23 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 19 . int . booth house - sean 's room - night 20 darkness . Sean walk into he dorm room and turn on the light . sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) I can leave right now , go back to my room , play the guitar , masturbate to dsl - speed Internet porn , go to sleep . in a quick series of shot we see : Sean sit at the bed with a tiny fender amp striking chord ; Sean , he guitar rest next to he , sit at a desk chair without he pants jack off to hard - core german erotica ; and Sean lay in bed and turn off the light . darkness . quick CUT back to : int . windham house - live room - night 21 Sean look away from Kelly 's dick suck lip and across the room . sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) or ... swish pan to : dicky and quinlivan 22 dicky and quinlivan be two dorm - mate who be play quarter . dicky be portly but good look in a Colorado preppy sort of way , quinlivan be thin and look like a sadistic howdie-doodie ... but also preppy . between they , watch they play be the blond dumb guy from l.a . sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) --- I could play quarter with dicky and quinlivan and that dumb guy from l.a . quick CUT to : int . the carousel - night 23 late night with a bunch of student sit around , smoking and read -- drink coffee . Kelly be sit at a booth alone , look for Sean , wonder nervously if she 's be ditch . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 20 . 23 continued : sean ( v.o . ) ( continue ) or , I could take she to the carousel for some coffee and ditch she there with the bill . a waitress walk past and leave a bill on the rim of the table . CUT back to : 24 int . windham house - live room - night close on : that dick suck lip . zoom slowly out from they to reveal Kelly 's drunken face . sean ( v.o . ) ( continue ) or , I could take she back to my room , hope the frog be go , get stone and fuck she . kelly ( finish up whatever it be she be talk about ) ++. so what do you think ? he smile . sean ( v.o . ) ( continue ) what do I think ? I think '' why not ? '' rock and Roll . hard CUT to : 25 int . booth house - hallway - night she 's follow he as they walk down the hall to Sean 's dorm room . he take out he key . sean ( v.o . ) ( continue ) she slowly follow I back to my dorm room like she know this would happen -- too eager , too stunne to speak . I be so excited I could not stop shaking and I drop the key when I try to unlock the door . ( continued ) 23 24 25 25 26 27 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 21 . continued : 25 extreme close on : Sean try to stick he key into the lock and accidently drop they to the floor . CUT to : int . booth house - sean 's room - night 26 she be sit on the bed lean against the wall as Sean stand before she play a song which transition into '' you be too good to be true '' . sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) she sit on the bed and I play she a song I have write myself and then segue into '' you be too good to be true '' . I play it quietly and sing the lyric slowly and softly and she be so move that she start to actually cry ... sure enough , she be cry . hard CUT to : int . booth house - sean 's room - moment later - night 27 they be on the bed kissing passionately -- paw at each other . he 's dry humping she leg . sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) maybe it be the ecstasy I be pretty sure she be on -- maybe it be that she think she love I . but when -- -- suddenly , mid-sentance , the image reverse as if we be previously look into a mirror . maybe we be look into a mirror now . right have become leave , leave have become right ... everything have flip -- sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) -- he kiss she on the lip he instantly go hard . she be still cry , and she face be slick , but she let he pull she clothes off . have the first person narration switch to third person ? Sean undress she quickly -- urgently -- and pull he own pants down . ( continued ) 27 28 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 22. continued : 27 sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) she have no panty on , and have the body of a much young girl . her breast be small but full , yet the nipple be not hard , not even after he touch they , then kiss and lick they . she smell like sweet fruit . her snatch be small too -- the pubic hair light and sparse . yet , when he finger she he do not feel anything . she be not get wet even though she be make soft little moan . kelly ( moan and whisper ) ohhhhh ... Peter ... Peter ... Peter ... sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) he be semi-stiff , and lose he erection . something be wrong . something be miss . he do not know what . Sean mount she and fumble he way in ... sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) confused , he start to fuck she , and before he come , it hit he : he can not remember the last time he have sex sober ... freeze frame : Sean 's face be lock in a contortion , freeze in time . we still hear the grunt of sex , and of course : kelly ( v.0 . ) Peter ... Peter ... Peter ... Peter ... then we read the title : sean suddenly the needle be ripped from the tomandandy song and we ... CUT to black : blackness ... 28 from the inky pitch we hear the aida : grand MARCH ( act 2 ) by giuseppe verdi ... ( continued ) 28 29 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 23. continued : 28 begin credit : the rule of attraction fade in : ext . camden - common - montage - various 29 camden be a small liberal Arts college somewhere in New England . it be Winter and there be snow blankete the ground . student be mull about , make they way to and from class ... except something be odd -- in a series of shot we discover what 's odd about the scene ... all of the student be walk backward . we be , once again , again moving in reverse . instead of leave track behind in the snow , the student 's track seem to vanish under they foot . the student exhale tiny cloud of condensation into they mouth . mass of student flow in rapid backwards stream across the campus . the snow begin to rise in little flake up from the ground , falling upward in reverse into the sky . the cloud suck away backwards and the sun and moon begin to rapidly travel backwards across the sky , set where they rise and rise where they set . sunset give into sunrise over and over again until ... the ground be leave bare and cover with golden leave , which eventually jump up off of the ground and onto the end of tree branch . more day pass -- week -- month ... all in rewind . the dry , auburn leave gradually ripen and turn green . the tree slowly become full and thick with leave . the activity on the campus 's lawn bristle to life with people riding bicycle backward and student throwing frisbee backward . it 's a buzzing of activity throughout the school year , forever rewinding until we reach ... the beginning of the year ... fade to black : ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 33 34 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 24 . continued : blackness ... the final credit read : direct by roger avary end credit CUT to : ext . camden - common - morning wide shot : it 's morning at camden . it could be any morning . a few student be walk to class . a guy on a bicycle wheel silently by . lauren walk by , on she way to the dining hall . CUT to : ext . camden - booth house - morning wide shot : Paul walk out of Booth House , a student residence , look quite fresh and rest . he may have even already work out this morning . CUT to : ext . camden - common - lawn - morning wide shot : someone be sleep at the base of a tree with a emptied six pack . he wake up and look around , abandon the can and walk off . this be , of course , Sean . CUT to : ext . camden - dine hall - morning extreme wide shot : the three of they , lauren , Paul , and Sean , approach the dining hall from various direction around campus . CUT to : int . dine hall - serving area - morning extreme close : a cafeteria tray slide to a stop . some runny scramble egg be plopped onto a plate . then some miniature sausage the size of toothpick be place alongside the watery egg . 29 30 31 32 33 34 Sean Bateman stand , smoking a cigarette and unenthusiastically regards the near liquefy state of he breakfast . ( continued ) 34 35 36 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 25 . continued : 34 the food service girl who serve he , who be probably a financial aid student , give he a polite and all - too- fresh smile . she might be cute but we would not know because she 's dress in full food service regalia : white hat , apron , plastic glove -- which kind of suck any potential attraction out of you . Sean regards she with the same lack of enthusiasm he have for he breakfast . then , after pop a mock , cynically polite , and all - too- fresh smile back at she , he extinguish he cigarette into the egg and walk the tray directly to a garbage can and dump it . he then make a bee-line for the coffee . int . dine hall - morning 35 the dining hall be moderately full of student , collect into table size clique , eat or not eat breakfast . the next three scene be all shot simultaneously and woven together editorially : let 's begin with ... sean 36 walk out of the kitchen area and shuffles over to one of the larger round table away from the window , where he usual crew be sit : dicky , quinlivan , tim , and getch . getch ( bad french ) bonne journée , Sean Bateman . ga va ? ( bad faux french accent ) do you get pussy last night ? sean please . I get enough franglais from have the frog as a roommate . do not accost I with you bad french accent before the nine o'clock hour . quinlivan I hate to break it to you , Sean . it 's almost nine thirty . sean ( flat and deflate ) oh. shit . there go another class . getch c'est votre vie . elle suce . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 26 . 36 continued : 36 sean ( ignore getch ) what issue be on this morning 's agenda ? getch ( drop all french accent ) Tim 's girlfriend , sari , be preggers . and he do not care . Sean take a sip of he black black black coffee and regards this pontification . sean I screw sari during my second year . quinlivan I too . dicky I plugge she in my third year . tim would you degenerate asshole shut the fuck up . getch like you really care . sean let 's face it , Tim . you get stick with the short end of the stick . next time you will know to double wrap before you enter vagina girl 's cave of doom . tim ( with a shrug ) live and learn . sean rock and roll . dicky ( to Tim ) I have be think about someday transfer to a real school and go pre - Med . I tell you what : I x11 perform the procedure for fifty buck . tim ( to Sean ) can you float I ? ( continued ) 36 continued : silence ... " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 27 . ( 2 ) 36 sean ( inhale a drag from he cigarette ) how do you know it 's yours ? the bitch could be fuck you over . tim ( oddly proud ) you can tell . you can look at she and just know she 's not lie . sean that 's , uh , really mystical ... Tim . quinlivan so when be she have you demon seed cut out of she ? everyone moan collectively . tim Wednesday , guy . it would have be Tuesday but she 's get this primal dance piece on Tuesday . sean ( grim ) the show must go on . tim ( a little anxious ) yeah . right. ( to everyone else ) and then she 's go to Europe for the rest of the year . sean that 's a relief . getch ( try to change the subject ) anybody know where I can get some ecstacy tonight ? sean ask I again later today . dicky okay , enough small talk . do any of you realize that we be get a fuck ( more ) ( continued ) 36 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 28. continued : ( 3 ) 36 dicky ( cont 'd ) weight room put in . do you realize what that mean ? sean it mean that the girl here will be work out that inner thigh muscle . deal with it . dicky no . you '' deal with it '' . this place be go to shit . I just come out of a Student Council meeting where the freshmen rep want fraternity house install on campus . I come here to get away from jock idiot and frat asshole . sean you be a senior , dicky . what do you care ? you will be go by the time they put they in . deal with it . dicky be that all you can say ? '' deal with it '' and '' rock and Roll '' ? do you care about anything you leave behind in you wake ? sean deal with it . suddenly , a cute red haire girl be stand next to Sean , hold she breakfast on a tray . cute red haire girl ( to Sean ) hi , Mark . the entire table fall silent . they look at she . cute red haire girl how be you this morning ? sean ( despite the fact that he have no plate of food ... ) eat . the situation be highly uncomfortable . cute red haire girl be you go to the party tonight ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 29 . 36 continued : ( 4 ) 36 sean ( meaningless ) yeah . I be go to the party tonight . you go to the party tonight ? cute red haire girl yeah , I be . sean ( not look at she and instead take a sip of coffee ) well . I guess I will ... see you there . cute red haire girl ( linger ) okay . sean okay . see you there . bye . cute red haire girl okay , well ... see you . sean ( under he breath ) go away . she walk away , slightly deject , to a table with some other girl and sit with they . the guy at Sean 's table be not say anything . getch ( finally break the silence ) Mark ? sean rock and roll . at the same time this entire scene have be unfold , across the dining hall , another conversation have be take place ... 37 paul 37 Paul Denton bring he tray of '' breakfast '' to a table full of guy who be too good - look to be straight : raymond , donald , and harry . paul ( as he sit down ) do I detect a table full of fag who have be up all night on Crystal meth ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 30 . 37 continued : 37 they do not even hear he , though they acknowledge he presence with nod . raymond ( write furiously ) student who go to London and come back with accent . paul what 's go on here ? harry we be compose a student blacklist . donald ( to Paul ) can I bum a cig ? paul ( while reluctantly hand he one ) can you ? donald ( while take it ) do not fuck with I , Paul . paul why do not you just buy some ? harry ( consume with the list ) anybody who ride a motorcycle . donald ( shoot a look to Paul ) and anyone who come to breakfast who have not stay up all night . Paul cross he leg and poke at the egg with a fork . he place the fork down . no egg will be eat this morning . Paul glance across the dining hall at another table where a hunky guy name mitchell be breakfast with he jerk friend . it 's unlikely Mitchell know or care that Paul even exist . mitchell 's girlfriend walk up and give hima hug from behind , this annoys Paul to no end . harry anyone who attempt suicide and fail . raymond ( scribbling ) that two dyke who live in leigh House . ( continued ) 37 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com ( 2 ) donald how about all of leigh House . raymond even better . harry anyone who attempt suicide and fail . paul ( look over at Mitchell across the dining hall ) what about that slut with Mitchell ? raymond ( sarcastically ) now , now , Paul . calm down . ( think about it ) I nil put she name down anyway . harry what about that mean , fat , trendy girl ? raymond taken care of . she life in leigh . donald anybody with a goatee . raymond anybody with any facial hair . harry anyone who go for second at the salad bar . donald anyone who wait to get brace after high school . paul drug dealer . raymond that rule out the entire administration . harry Rich people with cheap stereo . raymond boy who can not hold they liquor . ( continued ) 37 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 32. 37 continued : ( 3 ) 37 paul what about boy who can ? raymond true . true . paul put down girl who can not . raymond i‘1l just put down lightweight . donald how about David Van pelt ? paul I like David Van pelt . harry he have a harelip . paul ( defensive ) it 's kind of sexy . donald put he down . Donald , Raymond , and Harry all start to cackle with laughter . paul you three remind I of the witch from macbeth , except better look and wear Giorgio armani . murmur of approval . donald how about anyone whose parent be still marry ? they laugh and write it down . paul ( interrupt ) Excuse I . my parent be still marry . they all look up and they smile fade quickly to deep concern . harry what do you just say , Paul ? ( continued ) 37 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 33. continued : ( 4 ) 37 Paul clear he throat dramatically and say : paul my parent be not divorced . there 's a long silence and then they all scream a mixture of disappointment and disbelief . raymond ( amaze , stunne , and alarmed ) no way ! donald you be kid , Paul . be not you ? Harry be too stunne to speak . paul I be most certainly not kid , Donald . my parent be too boring to get a divorce . they all stare at he , dumbfounded . finally -- paul ( sip he coffee ) go back to you stupid list . stop stare at I . raymond o-kay . how about anyone who write poetry about womanhood ? excitement about the list be wane . harry ( with a sigh ) be there any speed leave ? donald no. raymond ( search ) french Canadian ? harry anyone who smoke clove cigarettes . Paul see Mitchell , on the other side of the room . Mitchell 's girlfriend sit down on he lap and chat with he . Paul would like to gag . ( continued ) 37 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 34 . continued : ( 5 ) 37 donald speak of cigarettes ... he reach for Paul 's pack of cigarettes . Paul hit the back of Donald 's reach hand with a spoon make a satisfy thwup . donald ow ! paul no. absolutely not . it infuriate I . you be always '' bum '' cigarettes and I will not stand for it anymore . go buy you own ! donald I will buy some later . I be break . paul no ! it infuriate I that you dad own , like , half of amazon.com and you always pretend to be strapped for cash . donald be it such a big crisis ? raymond yeah , Paul , stop have such a grand mal . harry he 's just upset that Mitchell be hetero . Paul throw the pack at Donald , cigarettes go fly everywhere . paul just take they ! I need more coffee anyway . this be too much twisted faggy banter for this early in the morning ! he get up and walk toward the coffee machine . donald ( put a cigarette in he mouth ) someone 's on the rag . ( beat ) anybody get a light ? meanwhile , at another end of the dining hall , another scene have be occur at the same time ... 38 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 35 . lauren 38 walk up to a table from the soda dispenser , have just fill a large styrofoam cup with diet Coke . from the background we see Sean and Paul take seat at they respective table . lauren where 's sari ? sitting at the table be a pack of girl . lara be a extreme version of lauren : lara smoke more , pose more , talk more , and wear more black . claudia come from money , and it show . tori be thin , with long hair -- a young morticia . lara sari 's pregnant . lauren ( pull up a chair ) no shit . you be kid . tell I about it . lara what 's to tell ? Claudia 's be talk to she all morning . claudia I give she some darvon , and a prozac . told she to go to psychological counseling . lauren no way . what 's she do about it ? I mean -- when ? claudia she 's have it do next week . Wednesday . lara then she 's drop out and go to Europe . I guess . lauren maybe I should go to Europe . find Victor . finally lose my virginity . claudia wait . I be totally confuse . do not you lose it to Victor last term ? lauren pause , mull it over . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 36 . 38 continued : 38 lauren not ... exactly . I mean , you be still a virgin if you only do blowjob and anal , right ? they all nod '' yes '' in unison . lauren smile , relieved . lauren whew ! then I be still a virgin . ( explain further ) I be not sure about Victor at the time -- but now I be positive that he 's the one . so I be go to save myself until he get back . tori ( apply lipstick ) pffff. lauren what ? tori that 's what you say about Paul . and then look what happen . lauren how be I suppose to know he would go gay on I ? claudia Tori have a point , lauren . you do have a track record of dating boy who go the gay way . lauren so what be you say ? claudia nothing . but maybe it 's a defense mechanism you have develop . lauren Defense against what ? lara ( be frank ) lose it . leave childhood behind . ( to the other ) she actually look through a book of genital disease every Friday night to deter herself from have sex . ( continued ) 38 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com ( 2 ) lauren Excuse I , but you can hardly quantify the situation that way . I have carnal knowledge with boy all the time . just because it 's not vaginal -- lara do not take it the wrong way . we be you friend -- claudia yeah . we be try to help you . lara it 's just that what boy want be pussy . they just love it . they spend nine month get out and the rest of they life try to get back in . if they want a blowjob or backdoor they dont need to come to we . tori everyone know that a guy know how to suck dick and take it up the ass better than a girl . claudia ( add to the think ) just like how girl know how to treat pussy better than boy . lara it 's a simple equation . if you want to keep a guy you have to make he feel like he 's get something he can not get from another guy . lauren ( realization ) fuuuuhhhhhck . what have I be do ? lara ( to the other ) she get it . lauren so what do I do ? lara look , we be not tell you to lose it to the next brady that come along . but you need to gain some experience before Victor get back . ( continued ) 37 . 38 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 38. 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 claudia if you want to keep he . lara if you want to keep he . and for god 's sake wear a condom . at that moment , lance lawson , a philosophy teacher in he late forty who 's still handsome enough to flirt with the student , walk by hold a tray . mr . lawson lady . lauren smile , she eye , wide as saucer , brighten . lauren hi , lance . lance walk off and sit at a table with some teachers . lauren grab lara by the arm and squeeze . lauren he 's so handsome . be not he handsome ? lara wrong . never invite a '' grup '' , let alone a grup teacher , to we room . lauren ( squeezing tighter ) he can come by anytime . lara let go of my arm . lauren , he 's marry . lauren I do not care . so what . claudia he will never leave he wife for you . it would screw up he tenure review . the most he want be a blowjob . lara you do not want he to leave he wife for you . just to do you . maybe you should consider he . kill two bird with one stone . lose you virginity and raise you gpa . ( continued ) 38 39 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 39 . continued : ( 4 ) 38 tori he do have year of experience behind he . he could really teach you thing . this register with lauren . lauren ( v.o. ) I be beginning to think that I be beginning to think that romance be a foreign concept ... dissolve to : int . camden - common - post office - day 39 sean enter the Post Office . a few other student mill about , write letter while stand , buy stamp , chatting . Sean head towards the student mailbox . Sean open he box and pull several letter out . mostly junk and flier to club . nothing personal , except : a fancy purple envelope with a simple hand - draw heart around the hand - type name '' Sean Bateman '' . all the other mail get throw into a large trashcan . Sean look around the room to see if anyone be watch he . anybody could have drop this note in he box . there 's a couple kissing near the window , lauren be walk down the hall past the post office , Paul and the dumb blond kid from L.A. be play frisbee golf nearby . but no one be look at he . Sean lift the purple letter to he nose , almost as if by compulsion , and smell it -- it 's scent . he shut he eye . he then eagerly open it and as he pull the lavender letter out from inside glitter fall from the letter and onto he sweater . instead of be upset , Sean be pleasantly surprised and delighted . sean ( with admiration ) you sneaky bitch . he brushes as much of the glitter from he sweater as possible and then read the letter ... sean ( v.o. ) ( read the letter text ) '' get you . you be mine now for the rest of the day , week , month , year ... life . have you guess who I be yet ? sometimes ( more ) ( continued ) 39 40 41 42 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 40 . continued : 39 sean ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think you have . sometimes when you be scan a crowd I feel that sultry dark eye of yours stop on I . be you too afraid to come up to I and let I know how you feel ? I want to moan and writhe with you and I want to go up to you and kiss you mouth and pull you to I and say ' love you love you love you love you 's while stripping -- while sex commence . I want you so bad it sting . I want to kill the ugly girl that you be always with . do you really like that boring naive coy calculate girl , or be it just for sex ? the seed of love have take hold and if we will not burn together , I 'il burn alone . '' Sean look around again . no one be watch . he fold up the letter and put it into he pocket . he walk out of the post office . CUT to : int . dickinson - classroom - day 40 lauren enter a large lecture hall , where a class be to be take place . it 's empty . written on the chalkboard be : '' my wife leave I for my t.a . all class this term be cancel . life suck . ciao . '' she stand there for a moment , and then leave . CUT to : ext . town - moving - day 41 slow motion : Sean drive through town on he little motorcycle , pass townies , passer - through , and the occasional camden student . Harry nilsson 's song '' everything 's get ' em '' innocently play . ext . town - rupert 's run down house - day 42 Sean pull up in front of a weathered house in lower - class suburbia . the paint be peel and the blind be draw . the lawn be unkempt . but then , all the house look like this . the Harry nilsson song can be hear come from inside the house . Sean pull up on he motorcycle . 43 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 41. int . rupert 's run down house - live room - day 43 close on : a mini-stereo , just out of the box ( or off the boat ) , be sit on top of the cardboard box it come in . Harry nilsson be play on the stereo . close on : guest , the bald jamaican , a badass dude who wear skintight tank top that show off he large arm , be slump into a chair read a issue of '' cumshot Review '' . close on : a underage - look white trash girl , just on the edge of prostitution be watch MTV with the sound turn down . close on : someone be do a rapid set of push -up , military style . this be rupert , a sinewy townie who never go to college but serve in the Army for two year . he come out of the service uniquely qualified to be a asshole , quality he 's apply to he grow drug business . close on : a mirror shard be on a coffee table , just next to a overflow ashtray , a hand grenade , and a gun -- a few line of coke have be scrape and draw from a rock of cocaine the size of a coffee mug . Sean walk in through the front door . sean ( over the music ) what 's go on ? Sean walk over to the stereo and turn down the volume . rupert jump up , pump from do push-up , and walk quickly into Sean 's space . he smile a evil smile , revealing a diamond in one of he front tooth . rupert you be go to have to sell that bike of yours , that 's what 's go on . sean ( nervously laugh ) why , rupert ? rupert where 's my money , college boy ? sean ( try to spin it into a joke ) take american Express ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 42. 43 continued : 43 rupert not funny . rupert deftly and swiftly grab Sean 's hand and bend the hand back on the wrist , spin he around and force Sean to he knee . Guest , the bald jamaican , peek out from behind he magazine . the white trash girl do not even notice ( in fact , she do not notice anything throughout the entire scene ... just watch MTV ) . rupert you like this ? they teach it to I in the Army . one of seventeen hand - to-hand combat method of rendering you enemy defenseless . all I have to do be apply positive pressure to rip you carpal free from you metacarpal and you will be unable to operate you weapon . sean ( wince from pain ) I be not you enemy ... rupert ... and I do not have a weapon -- rupert release he hand and let he fall to the ground . rupert that 's why you get a little time , home . he walk over to the mirror and wipe it with he finger and then rub he gum . he then turn and sit in a large , ratty easyboy recliner . rupert you want some coke ? he wave to the rock of cocaine the size of the coffee mug on the table . sean ( get up off the floor ) sure . rupert then buy some of you own , bitch . now get the fuck out of my crib . go get I my money ! ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 43 continued : ( 2 ) sean rupert . there 's a orgy in Booth tonight . I be scoring for a bunch of freshmen . they be rich . they want cocaine . they will pay a premium to get it . what do you think ? rupert be open mouth and astonished . then , like cage animal , he suddenly start pace . ever see quentin tarantino walk ? well , this be how rupert walk . it 's the kind of walk that when you see it come toward you , you 43 cross the street to avoid it . his hand gesture be no less extreme and horrific . rupert I think you be a rich fuck motherfucker who owe I a fuck shitload of fuckin’ cash , that 's what I fuckin’ think , you rich motherfuckin’ motherfucker ! you want some fuckin’ blow you bring I some fuckin’ cash , motherfucker ! fuck ! you ! he pause and flare he nostril . for a moment we think that the vein on he forehead might just explode . then he sharply bend over and pick up the gun from the table . sean Jesus Christ , rupert . do not get so tense . rupert i’1l show you tense , motherfucker . you be into I for a fuckload of money . I think you and you motherfuckin’ richkid friend be try to string I along until the end of the year and then take off to all you rich ass motherfuckin’ life leave I hold my motherfuckin’ dick ! so fuck you ! rupert aim the gun at Sean 's head . Sean put he hand up in the air and freeze . sean ( cring with he eye shut ) rupert , I be not like this rich asshole . I be on Financial Aid . I have get to work for a live . I be from a fuck farm in nebraska , for Christ 's sake . my parent have to sell the cow to send I here ! I have get to work in food service ... ( continued ) 43 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 44 , continued : ( 3 ) 43 rupert bullshit ! rupert cock the gun hammer with a satisfying click . this get Guest interested , but the white trash girl be totally oblivious . maybe she 's deaf . sean no . for real , rupert . my dad 's in the hospital and ... can not work the land ... and , um ... the family be strapped for cash ... and I might have to drop out ... and ... please , rupert ... please ... do not ... rupert really ? sean the Lord as my witness , yes . rupert you really do not have any money ? sean no . I have to work all summer to pay for this term ... rupert I think you go home to New York for the summer ? sean that 's what I tell everyone ... so they would not laugh at I . I actually have to wash pig all summer . Jesus , rupert ... I can get this kid to overpay , they be so desperate for drug . I be you key to move this shit on campus . you know you need I . and I need the money . we need each other ... rupert get it straight , fuckhead : I need you like I need a asshole on my elbow . ( tapping he elbow with the barrel of the gun ) right here . on my elbow . a asshole . that 's how much I need you . rupert turn to the jamaican . rupert what 's cha think , Guest ? ( continued ) 43 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 45 . continued : ( 4 ) 43 guest ( a jamaican accent ) I tink you shad do less coke , mon , and not leave a gun layin’ araund . now stop fuckin’ wit da kid . he bound to shit he pants . rupert lay off with the gun and smile really big . rupert you know I be just fuckin’ with you , Bateman . right ? sean ( nervous and unsure ) uh...right . rupert what kind of markup do you think you can get outta this rich fuckin’ freshmen ? sean ( after think about it ) well . depend on how step on it be . rupert stepped on ? rupert turn to Guest with a smile and start to chuckle . rupert be we shit step on , Guest ? guest na , mon . we shit 's clean as mornin 's snow . by they laughter Sean can pretty much guess it 's the shittiest shit in the world . sean maybe twenty percent over market value . raymond ( the intensity barometer suddenly rise ) fifty percent , you say ? hot damn , college boy . that 's good math . I think we may have a deal . do we have a deal ? sean sure ... ( continued ) 43 44 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 46 . continued : ( 5 ) raymond good ! then it 's time for you to go to work . hard CUT to : int . booth house - junkie name marc 's room - day the curtain be draw in the dorm room of a junkie name marc , which cast the entire space in a shady chiaroscuro . Marc , the junkie , be excitedly wrapping he arm and prepare to shoot up . junkie name marc time be not a constant ... that 's for damn sure ... I mean ... sometimes a minute last a hour ... and other time ... a hour zip by in what feel like ... a minute ... it 's totally ... subjective ... and each person experience it ... different ... that 's why you can not ...trust...clocks ... you notice I do not ever ... wear ... a watch ?... no clock in my room ... they screw up you ability to ... adjust the flow of ... time ...to suit you ... need ... I use my internal ... clock ... now , I should interject at this point , this kid do not look like a junkie -- he actually look pretty healthy . he 's lean and athletic look -- like a sprinter . but the fact of the matter be that he 's go over the deep end with usage and he brain be fry . Sean be sit there watch this blubber mess of a person fumble distractedly with he gear . junkie name marc ( lick he lip and continue ) so you see ... do not be a slave ... to time -- he remove the needle from he arm and feel the rush of cocaine enter he system . sean Marc , you owe I five hundred buck . I want it by Sunday ... okay ? junkie name marc God we use to have ... wild time at this place ... it 's so ... different now ... that time be go ... that place be go ... ( continued ) 43 44 44 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com continued : Sean start tuning out . Marc be obviously in a hyperactive yet vegetative state and can not be reason with . he start to feverishly pick at he nose , inside and out . sean ( to no one in particular ) I gotta go to class tomorrow . ( pointedly to Marc ) what about the cash ? junkie name marc class ? ... what class ? ... who teach that ? sean how about you porche ? can you sell you porche ? junkie name marc ( rub he leg ) I be good for it ... I be good for it . sean Marc , you owe I five hundred buck . five hundred . do not be a pathetic junkie . junkie name marc dude , I be not a junkie . I be do research . he pick up a unplugge electric guitar and start play it . sean right . whatever . look . you have get money . can not you throw I a couple buck ? I be a financial aid student , man . I need some money . junkie name marc I be good for it . do not fuck up my karma . Sean shake he head . sean ( v.o. ) junky be pathetic enough but rich junky be even worse . even worse than girl . ( pause ) I can not continue do this . I have get to call Patrick . ( continued ) 44 45 46 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 48. continued : ( 2 ) 44 Sean get up to leave , and as he do he snag a copy of '' one hundre year of solitude '' off of the desk . sean ( v.o. ) hmmm . '' one hundre year of solitude '' . hard CUT to : int . booth house - hallway - day 45 Sean , with the paperback of '' one hundre year of solitude '' fold in he hand , walk down the hallway and past a guy playing hacky - sack to a payphone . he pick up the receiver with a intensity that make it seem as though he 's be rehearse this moment in you head . he pause before dial the number and shut he eye -- pray : sean ( a whisper mantra ) please do not be a asshole . please do not be a asshole . please do not be a asshole . be cool . he quickly dial the 10 - 10 number . sean ( into phone ) Operator , I would like to make a collect call . CUT to : int . patrick bateman 's office - day 46 patrick bateman , a Wall Street broker , be Sean 's brother . he 's older than Sean and externally different in many way , but on the inside he and he young brother be cast from the same die . he be hawk - like in he stare , even though he 's stare at nothing . Patrick be wear a mini-houndstooth - check wool suit with pleate trousers by Hugo boss™ , a silk tie , also by Hugo boss™ , a cotton broadcloth shirt by Joseph abboud and shoe from brook Brothers . but he most notable accessory be a sleek plantronics '' h132n telephone headset connect to a wireless transmitter at he belt which allow he total mobility to walk around he all - too-immaculate office . in front of a large window that overlook Manhattan be a palazzetti™ glass - top desk , flanke on either side by halogen lamp and behind which be a herman - Miller aeron™ chair . the only object on the unclutter desk be a Apple g4 titanium powerbook™ . opposite the desk , hang on the large white wall , be a George stubb painting . next to the painting be a wall - mount bang & olufsen beosound '' 9000 five - disk CD player quietly play classical music . there 's a ( continued ) 46 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 49 , continued : 46 life-size doberman statue in one corner , next to a pacrizinni antique table . near the door be a reproduction Black Forest umbrella stand ( $ 675 at hubert des forges ) without any umbrella in it . Patrick be pace while speak into a Olympus d1000 '' digital Voice recorder . patrick ( into digital voice recorder ) ... into my dream , which be a endless reel of car wreck and disaster footage , electric fly saucer , marble jacuzzis , and pink peppercorn . I dream I be back at camden , then at Harvard , then about the violent death of most of the trader at soloman , and then the dead walk among the live . when I wake up -- the telephone chirp out a ring . Patrick turn off the voice recorder and touch a button at the receiver attach to he belt , look into the air as he answer . patrick ( into headset ) yes . jean ( 0.s. ) ( over speakerphone ) it 's you brother on line three . ( pause ) he call collect . Patrick regards this , or maybe he 's regard nothing . maybe he 's just listen to the music . he take a seat in the Aeron chair and wipe a speck off of he desk . patrick ( finally ) I ' 1l take it . ( remember something ) and Jean , I need reservation for three at pastis at twelve - thirty and if not there , try nobu . I also need reservation for two at the Grill room of the four season tonight . all right ? jean ( 0.s. ) ( over speakerphone ) all right . patrick oh , and Jean , would you research laser hair removal for I ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 50 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 jean ( 0.s. ) ( over speakerphone ) what ? patrick you know . laser hair removal . for ... remove you hair with laser . jean ( 0.s. ) ( over speakerphone ) okay ... anything else ? patrick let 's see -- oh shit , yeah . remind I to return the dvd I rent last night back to the store . jean ( 0.s. ) ( over speakerphone ) anything else ? patrick a perrier . jean ( 0.s. ) ( over speakerphone ) right away . Patrick pick up the bang & olufsen remote and press a button . across the room , the CD player stop and change to a different disk . the soft classical be replace by wagner 's Festival March from '' tannhauser '' . Patrick then wait a moment , look at the blink light on line three of the phone , before he depress the button . patrick yes . intercut between Patrick in he office and Sean in the hallway of Booth . sean Patrick . it 's Sean . patrick I know . there 's a bit of a uncomfortable pause . Sean do not want to get right to the point , but small talk might be worse . sean how 's dad ? ( continued ) 46 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 51 . ( 3 ) 46 patrick still breathe with the aid of a machine . eat and pissing out of tube . how do you think he be ? sean I do not know . I think maybe ... patrick ( sharp but distant ) what be you do ? sean School . patrick what be you do ? specifics . sean I do not know , Patrick . School . you know what it 's like here . patrick do I ? sean I do not know , do not you ? patrick what be you on now ? Coke ? lude ? sean look , I be wonder if you could wire I some money ... patrick I put seven thou in you account . where be it ? sean will you or will not you ? patrick what be you go to do ? sean what do you mean ? patrick I mean , what be you go to do ? be you go to get a job ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 52. 46 continued : ( 4 ) 46 sean ( search ) because ...? patrick because I have speak with you advisor . you be not go to last another term at that place . sean you call my advisor ?! why be you hammer on I ?! patrick because he would . sean he -- dad -- be a fuckin’ vegetable . patrick ( practically hiss ) watch that . do watch that . ( a pause to calm down ) I be in charge of you right now , Sean . until dad recover -- if he recover . do not cross I . you know he be always upset about all the football scholarship you throw away . he have be happy to hear that you be take a leave of absence to work a little . there 's a long pause while they both let this sink in . Patrick rewind the wagner CD with the remote so that he can hear a passage over again . Sean have have enough of the hacky - sacker constant hacky - sacking . sean ( venomously ) would you fuck take that somewhere else ?! the hacky - sacker walk into he room and close the door . sean ( cynical ) what do you want I to do ? what you do ? patrick you could not even imagine what I do . the question be : what be you go to do ? ( continued ) 46 47 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 53. continued : ( 5 ) 46 sean I do not know . be you not go to wire I the cash ? patrick right now ? no. sean then fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! Sean start smashing the phone against the receiver over and over again as if it be Patrick 's face . sean ( continue ) fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! Patrick , back in he office , smile , and calmly disconnect the line , change the CD back to the soft classical , and buzy he secretary . patrick ( to he secretary over the headset ) Jean . how about that perrier ? CUT to black : stay on the blackness a moment longer than feel natural ... int . leigh house - lauren 's room - night 47 from lauren 's open window we can hear the party out at the edge of campus . pull back to reveal : lauren and lara 's room . typical college girl decor . lara be get ready for the party by put she make - up on . lauren be lay on the bed , not get ready for the party , and flipping through a large medical textbook of venereal disease . extreme close on : the medical textbook . gruesome close - up photograph of explicit sexual disease . the explicit imagery of pink , purple , blue , and red blister be almost beautiful in a minimalist sort of way . lara be you ultimate deterrent to a Friday night party work ? ( continued ) 47 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 54 . 47 lauren to a extent . but they be just too beautiful -- in a minimalist sort of way . the ultimate deterrent would be Victor . the two of we could stay in . maybe watch '' Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' . drink some wine cooler ... lara enough fantasize . Victor be three thousand mile away . use the Book . lauren flip through a few more page of horrific genital rash and boil . she hold up the book for lara to see . lauren what do this remind you of ? dega ? seurat ? renoir ? lara ( flat ) scooby doo. lara look at herself in the mirror , study she figure . lara how do I look ? lauren well , since you ask , you be look really skinny . lara skinny ? lauren skinny . lara bulimic skinny or anorexic skinny ? lauren be there a difference ? lara bulimic skinny pass for healthy . except you tooth rot -- but my tooth be not rotting , so ... lauren so you look bulimic skinny ? ( continued ) 47 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 55 . ( 2 ) 47 lara lauren -- I be tell you , it 's amazing how much weight you lose when you be off the pill . lauren yeah . until the fifty pound you gain when you get knock up . lara do the math . if a condom be 98 % safe and he wear two , then you be 196 % safe . that 's a better percentage than the pill can offer . lauren I be not sure it work that way . I mean abstinence be 100 % safe , which be less of a percentage than -- lara whatever . I do not know . I do not major in math . lauren nod . lara get she stuff ready to leave . lara so be you go , or not ? lauren I do not know . I have a early class tomorrow . lara lauren , listen to you friend and roommate : you need to get laid . you need to lose you virginity . if you do not lose it in college you be never gonna lose it . ( beat ) you can not spend you life wait for Victor . and do not spend all night wait up for I . lauren look at she for a while as this sink in and then finally nod . she then look out the window at the party across campus at the Edge of the World ... CUT to : 48 49 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 56 . ext . camden - the edge of the world - night 48 Big party at the Edge of the World . the majority of campus be there drink from a number of keg . the Edge of the World be a open space on the outer rim of campus that overlook the light of camden town below . a number of car have be park with they light turn on and aim inward to the central party area . all of the car door be open and they stereo have be tune to the same local college radio channel which be play music . then we read : the edge of the world party paul 49 be lean against the hood to one of the car drink beer from a large red plastic cup . his eye be fixate on Mitchell , the good look guy we last see in the dining hall , who be stand at the keg . after Paul build up he courage he dump he near- full beer into the grass and walk over to the keg where Mitchell be fill he beer . paul hi Mitch . what 's up ? mitchell hey Paul . not much . what 's up with you ? he start fill a second red plastic cup . Paul take note of this . paul nothing . can we talk ? mitchell what do you want to talk about ? paul ( take the tap from Mitchell ) just about what 's go on . a girl walk up and wait for the tap while Paul fill he cup , careful to tilt it so that it do not create too much foam . mitchell I warn you , Paul . remember that . paul ( good humor ) I know , I know . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 57 . 49 continued : 49 he hand the girl the tap even though he beer be only half - full . paul wait . warned I about what ? mitchell I warn you . he start to walk away , both beer in hand . Paul he . paul wait -- Mitchell turn around . mitchell I be warning you again . candice , Mitchell 's girlfriend , walk up and take follow a beer from he . she look kind of trashy and pretty at the same time ... definitely drunk . probably a good lay . mitchell ( a little uncomfortable but try not to act it ) um . you two know each other ? candice ( totally sweet and oblivious ) yeah , hi. paul hi. candice ( to Mitchell ) Mitch . I be kind of through party tonight . you want to walk I back to my room ? ( in a hushed whisper ) my roommate be at she boyfriend 's tonight . mitchell sure. ( to Paul ) later , guy . candice bye , Paul . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 58. 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 they walk off , leave Paul stand there . 50 rewind 50 the music and the action . people be walk and talk in reverse . candice and Mitchell walk backward to Paul . candice ( talk backwards ) - luap ,ey B track through the party away from Paul , Mitchell , and candice . student and a few townies be drink , talk and party ... all in reverse . pass by Paul and Mitchell , talking backward at the keg : mitchell ( to Paul in reverse ) - taht rebmemeR .luaP , uoy denraw I continue tracking through the party in reverse until we come to Sean , who be stand at the edge of the end of the World , which overlook the town light , talk to candice . sean ( to candice in reverse ) ?sdrawkcab si '' racecar '' tahw wonk uo y pass Sean and stop tracking in a wide shot of the town . 51 switch the direction of time 51 pull back to reveal : Sean , now in normal forward motion sean be stand there . sean you know what '' racecar '' be backwards ? candice ( drunk ) rakacar ? raka -- reca -- I do not know . I give up . sean it 's racecar . candice ( not blow down by the revelation ) hmm . how clever . a uncomfortable pause ensue . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 59 . 51 continued : 51 sean so what do you say ? why not ditch that loser you have be hang out with lately and come back to my room ? she almost choke on she beer and start to laugh . candice why ? sean Old time . candice Old time ? she start laughing even harder . sean what 's so funny ? Jesus ! candice I be not that drunk . suddenly a flapping moth land in what 's leave of she beer . Sean notice this but choose not to tell she . candice but I be flatter . really . sean then lend I a couple of buck . candice oh , Sean . you be still the same . ( she think about it ) I do not know if that 's good or bad . she lift the cup of beer to she mouth and take a swig , suck in the moth and spit it out . candice blea -- fuck ! Sean start laughing . candice ( throw the rest of she beer onto he ) fuck you , Bateman ! ( continued ) 51 52 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 sean ( chuckle ) you x11 suck Mitch 's cock but you will not swallow a moth . candice ( seethe ) I know where the cock have be . she start walk off . sean do you ? be you sure about that ? she storm off piss . Sean laugh until she 's out of range then he emotion flatten . sean bitch . Sean throw he cup off the hillside and toward the town . he then turn and walk back into the main crowd of the party , toward the keg . there 's a line of people at the keg 52 Sean stand in it for a moment and then turn to leave . he bump into Paul , who have just be warn off by Mitchell and be come into line . sean sorry . paul no problem . they both watch Mitchell and candice walk off through the crowd back toward the commons . Paul look at Sean ... paul it 's Sean , right ? sean right . Paul ? paul right . sean you know that girl with Mitch ? ( continued ) 52 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 61 . continued : 52 paul you mean candice ? her name be candice . sean yeah . that 's right . paul I be in a class with she but I fail it . sean ( somewhat surprised ) I be in that class too . so do i. there 's a pause in the conversation as Paul regards Sean and the mutual rapport between they . paul ( suspiciously ) I do not see you in there . sean that 's why I fail . paul oh. sean I can not believe you fail . paul I fail two other . sean you do ? huh . I never think you have fail anything . paul you have be surprised . sean my type of guy . they reach the keg and try out the tap . foam sputter out . sean well that 's typical . keg 's dead . I be outta here . I have get class tomorrow . later . paul how about a chimichanga ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 62. 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 53 54 sean what ? paul a chimichanga . you wanna go get a chimichanga ? mexican food . El sombrero ? sean ( glance at he watch ) they close a long time ago . paul I mean tomorrow night . I x11 buy . sean I do not know . I guess . whatever . you ’1l1 buy ? paul i’1l totally buy . Sean think about it and nod . sean okay . rock and roll . paul great . tomorrow , then . fade to black : ext . camden - common - night / morning 53 wide shot : it be the wee hour of the morning and still dark . the campus be quiet . then , a dim blue light illuminate the Eastern sky . the moon drop below the western horizon . soon , the star begin to fade against the rise sun and the darkness of night give way to the warm light of day . it all happen slightly accelerate , perhaps in stop motion ... CUT to : int . leigh house - lauren 's room - morning 54 close on : lauren 's bose Wave clock / radio wake she up with a annoying breeeeeeep ! she quickly turn it off and lift she sleepy head . lara 's bed , across the room , be empty ... unslept in . typical . CUT to : 55 56 57 58 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 63. int . leigh house - bathroom - various - morning 55 in a series of quick shot : lauren go about she morning constituonal of shitting , shower , brush she tooth , floss , drying and brush she hair , put on what little makeup she put on ... CUT to : int . leigh house - lauren 's room - morning 56 in a series of shot : lauren get dress and get she book ready . she walk out of she room . int . leigh house - hallway - morning 57 lauren walk out of the hallway . she pass lara , who be frumple and exhaust look . lara ( bleary - eye ) how could you possibly go out this early in the morning ? lauren I have class . lara it 's Saturday ... lauren continue on down the hall as lara walk to the room and unlock the door . lauren smirk . suddenly the screen divide into a split screen , with Sean on the other side : split screen : int . booth house - sean 's room - split screen - morning 58 Sean 's alarm clock , a G -shock wristwatch , go off with a persistent beep , beep , beep , beep -- Sean grab it and fumble , try to turn it off . his roommate , Bertrand , in the bed on the other side of the room , lift he head -- he eye unable to open . beep , beep , beep , beep ! bertrand ( very french ) merde ! what be it ? asshole ! turn off the fuck thing ...! ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 62 63 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 64 . continued : 58 beep , beep , beep , beep ! Sean sit up , study the watch to try to figure out how to turn it off . he must not use it much . beep , beep , bee -- Victory . Sean smile and take out a cigarette and light it . he sit there for a moment look at Bertrand who have fall back asleep in he half - sit upright alert position . Sean smile ... split screen : ext . camden - leigh house / common - split screen - morning 59 in a series of shot : lauren walk out of she dorm and across campus . she pass a part of the commons where she can see the devastation from the end of the World Party . people be roll keg away . she walk up to the dickenson Building ... split screen : int . booth house - bathroom - stall - split screen - morning 60 Sean sit on the can smoking a cigarette and take a shit . he smoke the whole thing . it take about two minute . perfectly time burn ... split screen : int . dickinson - hallway - split screen - morning 61 lauren walk down the large , wide hallway that look like it be last remodel in the eighties . she walk up to the class . it 's empty . she start walk down the hallway and to the teacher office ... split screen : ext . camden - common - split screen - morning 62 Sean , barely awake , be wander to class ... split screen : int . dickinson - lawson 's office - split screen - morning 63 lauren walk into Mr. lawson 's office . it 's dark and the shade be draw . she look around the messy room . then , she see he -- pass out on the couch , snoring . on he desk be a bottle of cuervo gold and a half - smoke joint on a roach clip . she pick up the joint and a lighter and take a couple of puff . ( continued ) 63 64 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 65 . continued : 63 she sit there for a while , watch she teacher sleep and get stone . then , once she 's have enough she leave and walk back into the hall ... split screen : int . dickinson - hallway - split screen - morning 64 Sean be come down the hall , try to find the room . he 's at one end of the hall and lauren be at the other . both of they be at opposite side of the split screen . they notice each other and slowly approach , until they be stand facing each other but on separate side of the split screen . sean be you here for that class ? lauren the tutorial on the post modern condition ? it 's be cancel . sean typical . lauren I have not see you in it before . sean that 's what 's so typical . this be the first time I bother to show up . lauren ( blunt , with good humor ) you have get bad timing . sean Saturday suck . I do not have to put up with this bullshit . I be drop this class . she look at he for a moment , check he out . lauren I too . sean really ? lauren yeah . I think I be gonna change my major . sean to what ? ( continued ) 64 65 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 66 . continued : 64 lauren I do not know yet . what 's yours ? sean I do not even know . she smile . lauren you be Sean Bateman , right ? sean right . you be name 's ... lauren . lauren right . I buy some pot from you last term . it be good . a little seedy though . sean be not you go out with that Paul Denton dude ? lauren ancient history . the angle on both of they rotate until the two halve of the split screen merge into a single two shot ... the line between they vanish . sean rock and roll . she cross he and the split screen reform , create two separate halve , lauren on one side , and Sean on the other -- they have swap side . lauren ( seductively , bate ) well , Sean Bateman . maybe I ’‘1l see you at the next pre-saturday party party . Sean watch she as she walk down the hall and out of the door . then he reach into he pocket and take out one of the purple love letter . he unfold it and look at it , smell it ... CUT to : int . leigh house - lauren 's room - day 65 double speed : lauren be jump up and down on she bed with extreme excitement , laughing like crazy , while lara -- ( continued ) 65 66 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 67 . continued : 65 mortify -- try to figure out what 's go on . the whole while '' semper fidelis '' by John sousa play at double speed -- fade to black : int . booth house - paul 's room - night 66 Paul , freshly shower and squeaky clean , be go through he closet for just the right shirt . he flip through they like he 's scan a magazine for a specific article that he can not find . finally he settles on one and pull it out . in a series of jump cut : Paul be stand in front of a full length wall mirror look at himself in he selection . hmmm . how do it look ? too conservative ? Paul be stand in front of the mirror again , this time dress in a more casual outfit ... but it 's rich casual . do not look right either . Paul be stand in front of the mirror , yet again . this time he 's wear a totally different outfit . he 's hold a different shirt on a hanger -- and lift it up and down to see how it look . he do not like it . Paul stand in front of the mirror dress all in black . Black jeans , black shirt , black shoe . very slick look . he stand sideways and feel he stomach to see if it 's stick out , which of course it be not . suddenly , Raymond burst into the room . his face be white and he 's panting . raymond Harry try to kill himself . paul ( v.o. ) that be so typical . I know something like this be go to happen . I just have a feel that there would be some obstacle , major or minor , that be go to prevent my evening with Sean from happen . paul what do you mean Harry try to kill himself ? raymond you have get to come to windham House . he 's there . oh shit . Jesus , Paul . we have get to do something . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 68. 66 continued : 66 paul um ...call security ? raymond Security ?! Security ?! what the Hell be Security go to do ? paul calm down . tell Security a freshman just try to kill himself . believe I , they 'il be there within the hour . Raymond grab Paul by the arm and start pull . raymond he will be dead by then ! come on ! paul he will be fine . look , I have a appointment at seven . raymond will you please come on ! he pull Paul out of the room . CUT to : 67 ext . camden - common - night 67 Raymond , huffing as he jog-walk , and Paul make they way across the commons toward windham House . CUT to : 68 int . windham house - hallway - night 68 Raymond , half -run , with Paul tagging along halfheartedly behind walk down the hallway to Harry 's room . paul so what do he do ? try to o.d. on sudafe and wine cooler ? Raymond start pounding on the door . then , realize it 's unlock , he rush in . 69 int . windham house - harry 's room - night 69 Paul stand at the doorway , not want to commit to the scene ... ( continued ) 69 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 69 . continued : 69 Harry be lay on the bed , he eye close , wear typical freshman garb : bermudas , polo sweater , hi-top , he head lolling back and forth . Donald be at he side try to make he throw up into a wastebasket next to the bed . raymond ( as if it will save Harry 's life ) I bring Paul . paul what do he take ? raymond and donald ( simultaneously ) do not know . Paul walk over to the desk and pick up a half - empty bottle of dewar 's . paul ( irritate ) you do not know ? he smell the bottle . uhg. donald ( try to lift he up ) listen , we should take he to dunham hospital . raymond that 's all the way in fuck keene ! donald where else be there , asshole ? raymond there 's a hospital in town . ( pause ) imbecile . donald how be I suppose to know this thing ?! paul I have to meet someone at seven . donald fuck the meeting . get you car , Raymond . ( continued ) 69 70 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 Raymond rush out . Paul help Donald lift Harry up from the bed . Donald raise Harry 's arm and start take off the cashmere vest he 's wear . paul what be you do ? donald this vest 's mine . I do not want it ruin . suddenly Harry sputter a cough follow by a gag . harry ( waste ) what be we do ? paul ( accusingly ) see . he 's alive . donald Jesus , Paul . this be serious . ( whisper to Harry ) it will be okay , Harry . do not worry . they walk he out into the hallway 70 paul he seem okay to I . maybe drunk . donald ( lecture tone ) Paul . he call I up before dinner and say he be go to kill himself . I come over here after dinner , and look at he . he 's obviously take something . Paul slap Harry several time . paul what do you take , Harry ? ( slap ) what do you take ? donald ( slap ) come on , Harry . tell Paul what you take ? slap , slap . nothing , just a choking cough . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 70 continued : paul ( annoyed ) Jesus Christ , this be so typical . I be gonna miss my date . let 's get to the hospital quick and get this over with . 71 .int . raymond 's car - town - moving - night 70 CUT to : 71 Raymond be at the wheel of he saab . in the back seat , Harry be in between Paul and Donald . his eye be roll into the back of he head and he 's drool . every now and then a gargle come out of he gape mouth . donald he find out he be adopt today . paul oh. ( pause ) could you stop at a Circle k or something ? I need cigarettes . donald can I remind you that we have someone u.d.ing back here ? paul he 's not o.d.ing ! he 's just a freshman . freshmen do not o.d. donald fuck you , Paul ! suddenly Harry start to retch . donald oh , shit ! he 's throw up ! raymond open the window ! open the fuck window ! paul he 's not throw up . raymond then what do you call that sound ? ( continued ) 71 72 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 72. continued : 71 paul dry heave . he 's just forget to breathe and he have a lot of air in he stomach . suddenly Harry mumble something and then begin to retch some more . a terrific watery belch fill the darkness of the car . donald oh no ! he 's throw up again ! paul he never throw up in the first place . raymond maybe we should be induce vomit ? should I pull over ? paul I can not believe you two . can I change this tape ? CUT to : int . hospital - emergency room - night 72 Raymond and Donald be drag Harry in . Paul walk alongside they , look more casual . the emergency room be totally empty , with muzak be pipe in through ceiling speaker . a young fat nurse look up and smirk . young fat nurse ( not look at Harry ) yes ? raymond this guy 's o.d.ing . young fat nurse ( get up ) u.d.ing ? then the duty doctor walk out . he 's a old guy with glass , mumbling to himself . Donald and Raymond lay Harry down on the floor . donald thank god. the doctor kneel down and check Harry 's vital sign . no one say a word . after a while the doctor grunt . ( continued ) 72 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 73. continued : 72 raymond will you get he into the emergency room ? be not there anyone else here ? the doctor ignore he . he check Harry 's pulse . he then unbutton Harry 's shirt and check he chest with a stethoscope to he tan , bony chest . he then check the pulse again and grunt . finally , after listen to both the stethoscope and he heart several more time , the doctor look at Harry , Donald , and Paul . duty doctor I be not get any pulse . Donald throw he hand over he mouth in horror . he back up against the wall . raymond he 's dead ? be this a joke ? Paul scoff and point at the body . paul I can see he move . he 's not dead . I can see he breathe . donald he 's dead , Paul . shut up ! I know it ! I know it ! duty doctor I be sorry about this , boy . how do this happen ? donald ( wail ) oh God ... paul shut up before I bitch slap you . ( to the duty doctor ) look . he 's not dead . duty doctor boy , I be not get a heartbeat or a pulse . the pupil look dilate to I . ( he wheeze as he get up ) that boy 's dead . Donald start to sob , he back to the wall . Raymond look at Harry closely , and then to Paul . it 's obvious that Raymond be not too worried any more . ( continued ) 72 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com continued : ( 2 ) duty doctor I do not know what to tell you boy , but you friend 's dead . he 's simply not alive . Harry 's eye open up half - way . harry ( waste ) I be not dead be I ? Donald scream . raymond yes you be . shut up . the doctor kneel back down and take he pulse . Harry 's eye be open , blink . duty doctor I be tell you , there 's no pulse . this boy be dead . paul I think we be go to take we friend home , okay ? be that , like , okay with you ? harry be I dead ...? donald tell he to shut up ! duty doctor I be pretty sure you friend be dead . maybe you want I to run some test ? raymond and donald ( simultaneously ) no ! by now they have Harry up and be take he out of the hospital and back to the car , which be park half on the curb . duty doctor ( call to they as they leave ) I really must insist that we run some test on you friend corpse . CUT to : 74 . 72 73 74 int . they else Paul date int . Sean " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 75 . raymond 's car - town - moving - night be drive back to campus . Harry be snoring . everyone be intensely quiet . check he watch . it 's almost eight . he 's miss he with Sean . CUT to : booth house - live room - night be talk to lara , lauren 's friend at a pre-saturday night party party . student be mull about , drink beer . Sean 's wonder where lauren be , while lara blatantly flirt with he . then Sean Sean we read : a pre -saturday night party party finally turn to lara . sean so be she come tonight ? lara I doubt it . sean why ? lara she 's be look at the Book . sean what book ? lara it 's this big medical book she have of venereal disease . before a party she look through it to discourage herself from go . it 's get some pretty nasty imagery . help she to focus on homework . let this sink in . sean ( more of a statement than a question ) so she 's not come . ( continued ) 73 74 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 76 . 74 continued : 74 lara nope. ( beat ) you wanna get I another beer ? Paul , wear all black , walk in through the front door of Booth and scan the room . he spot Sean and then notice that he 's talk to lara . a grimace of jealousy cross he face . then Sean walk across the room to the keg , leave lara alone for a moment . this be Paul 's chance ... he bee-line over to he . paul hey , Sean . sorry I be late . sean ( pump the keg tap ) what ? paul this stupid thing go down . I have to take a freshman to the hospital . I be sorry I be late . sean ( not really even sure what he 's talk about ) it 's okay . paul I ’‘1l make it up to you . sean ( fill the beer ) you do not have to . Paul nervously glance over at lara , who be get hit on my some guy from dartmouth with big arm and a big chin . paul I know I do not . but I want to . I really insist . sean whatever . paul ( try to hold on ) look , I have get some pot in my room . you want some ? we could get stone . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 77 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 sean you have get pot ? paul in my room . Sean , hold the two beer , look over at lara who be be chatted up by the Dartmouth guy . he look at Paul and then offer he lara 's beer . sean want a beer ? Paul take it and smile . paul ( eager ) let 's go . they walk out of the live room and to Paul 's room . just as Paul and Sean leave the room , lauren walk in . she stand in the doorway for a moment look around and then walk over to lara . lara hey lauren . this be ... guy from dartmouth Jim . lara Jim from Dartmouth . guy from dartmouth ( to lauren ) brewski for youski ? she sigh . lauren May as well . the guy from Dartmouth go over to the keg to get lauren and lara a beer . when he 's out of earshot she turn to lauren . lara he think it 's the dress to get screw Party . you want he ? I / x11 give he to you . ( continued ) 74 75 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 78. continued : ( 3 ) 74 lauren no . you keep he . my standard be a little higher than a guy whose open line be '' brewski for youski '' . lara sure ? I do not see Victor around ... lauren how about Sean Bateman ? have you see he ? lara Sean Bateman ? he run off with Paul Denton . lauren you think ...? lara I do not know ... lauren he must just be sell he something . lara right . lauren right. lara so you be out on the prowl again ? lauren the Book just do not do it tonight . I think I need a more hard - core deterrence . she look around the room , scan it . at that moment lauren 's teacher , Mr. lawson , walk in . he look over at she and walk over . mr. lawson Ms. lauren hynde . why be not you at my tutorial last Saturday ? he lean against the wall and seductively look at she . CUT to : int . booth house - paul 's room - night 75 Paul and Sean be smoking pot and drink beer . ( continued ) 75 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com continued : paul where do you spend last summer ? sean Berlin . paul really . sean yeah . it be okay . paul how be the club there ? sean good , I guess . ( he laugh and suck on the pipe ) club ? paul yeah . do you speak german ? sean german ? no. Sean start laughing . stone laughter . paul you do not ? sean no . why ? paul well . I assume since you spend the summer in Berlin , I think ... sean no. Berlin , New Hampshire . he sniff the pipe . it 's dead . paul oh. Paul watch Sean as he load the pipe . paul ( v.o. ) I watch he with grow intensity as he refill the pipe in the dark , hazy , dreamlike and smokey din of the room . ( more ) 75 ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 80. 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 76 77 paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) his finger be delicately finger what look like dry moss to I . and it strike I then , that I like Sean because he look , well , slutty . a boy who have be around . a boy who could not remember if he be Catholic or not . sean ( v.o. ) I need to get some more pot . I be run out . then I need to get laid . where the fuck be lauren tonight ? that lara girl be kind of hot . I could bang she and feel good about it . but I have rather have lauren . I wonder why ? it 's not like lauren 's sexier ... she just seem more innocent . more pure . I need to fuck lauren . then I need to get more pot . Sean light and inhale a puff and then pass the pipe to Paul , who take a drag . suddenly , the image divide into two simultaneous split screen . both side of the split screen have the exact same action . then , suddenly , the action begins to slowly deviate ... on the left side of the split screen we see Paul 's view of thing -- he place he hand on Sean 's leg , allow it to slide inward a bit . he then lean in and gently kiss Sean on the lip . Sean hesitates for a moment , and then they kiss harder . then it 's heavy , Paul push Sean back onto the bed and start feel he all over -- put he hand up he shirt to feel he chest -- beginning to make love ... on the right side of the split screen , we see Sean 's view of thing -- no sex . no kissing . just beer drink and pot smoking . Sean be pretty waste . he pass out , leave Paul disappointed ... fade to black : ext . camden - booth house - morning 76 it be morning . several bedraggle student wander about , on they way to class or home to they room to pass out . int . booth house - paul 's room - morning 77 close on : a television set be play a MTV beach party style show . on screen be a guy with rip abs dance to house music with a tan girl with large breast that can barely be contain by she tiny bikini top . both of they be thigh - deep in a swim pool and surround by other idealize dancer pose as normal people . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 81. 77 + continued : 77 Sean and Paul be sit around drink beer and watch . sean look at that chick 's can . paul ( deadpan ) implant . sean I would not kick she out of bed for eat cracker . this comment annoys Paul , but before he can generate a snappy comeback he phone ring . he mute the television and answer . paul hello ? mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) Paul ? it 's you mother . Paul sit upright . paul hi mom . how 's it go ? mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) someone steal my car . paul oh. mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) do not worry . the insurance be go to cover it . I do not like the color anyway . paul ( distract , look at Sean ) uh-huh , I see . um , mom -- mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) listen , I be go to be in Boston at the ritz tomorrow . why do not you come and meet I . paul tomorrow ? I have class all day . ( continued ) 77 + continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 82. ( 2 ) 77 mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) darling , you can miss one day to meet you mother and the jared . paul the jared be come ? mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) yes. Mrs. Jared be come and so be Richard . he 's take the weekend off from Sarah lawrence . paul Richard ? Paul look at Sean to see if he 's pay attention to the conversation , which he be not . he 's look through CD as if he be decide which one he want to steal . paul look , Mom , do it have to be this weekend . I have get a lot of -- schoolwork . how about next weekend ? mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) oh , please , Paul . I want to talk and I need to do it in person . you can take the bus into Boston tomorrow , or the train . paul what about dad ? mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) what about he ? paul be he come too ? I have not speak to he in a month . mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) do you want he to come ? paul no . I do not know . mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) do not worry about it , darling . i’11 see you at the ritz-carlton on Friday , right ? I want to talk . there 's thing we have to talk about . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 83. 77 continued : ( 3 ) 77 paul ( sighing with defeat ) okay . mrs . denton ( 0.s. ) wonderful . I x11 see you tomorrow then . Goodbye , love . paul yeah , you too . he hang up and sit there for a moment look at the phone before he turn to Sean . paul ( to Sean ) I have to go to Boston . sean ( disinterested ) rock and roll . paul want to go ? sean no. the dress to get screw Party be tomorrow night . paul I know . and ... i... do not want to leave you here . paul ( v.o . ) ( think to himself ) because I do not trust you to not fuck around . Sean get up and walk to the door , a couple of CD in he hand . sean deal with it . ( slightly lift the CD ) I be borrow this . he open the door . paul wait . would you ... take I to the bus station tomorrow . ( continued ) 77 78 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 84. continued : ( 4 ) 77 Sean look at he blank , as if he 's be put out . Paul look down to the CD and then back up to Sean 's face . sean whatever . look , I have gotta go talk to my advisor . he shut the door behind he as he leave . Paul sit there upset . CUT to : int . dickinson - lawson 's office - day 78 * Mr. lawson 's play tetris on he gameboy when the door * open up simultaneous to the knock . mr. lawson * come in , come in . Sean enter . mr. lawson * ah , Mr. Bateman . it 's good to see you , every , what be it now ? month or so ? Sean plop down onto the chair opposite Mr. lawson . * mr. lawson * where have you be ? we be suppose to meet every week . sean well. ( beat ) I have be real busy . mr. lawson * ( grin ) oh you have ? sean I get you note . what be it ? sean ( v.o. ) I know it 's go to be something bad . without question . mr. lawson * yes. well ... ( he shuffles through some papers ) as you know it 's mid-term and it 's come ( more ) ( continued ) 78 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com mr . lawson ( cont 'd ) to my attention that you be not pass three of you course . be this true ? sean um. well . yeah . I be have trouble in a couple of class . ( pause ) be I fail sculpt workshop ? mr . lawson ( hold up a ominous pink sheet of paper ) well , as a matter of fact , you be . sean I do not see how . mr . lawson it seem as though you have not be show up to class regularly . you miss most of you mid-term . ( beat ) Mr. Bateman , you have succeed in achieve in real life what I only experience in my most paranoid nightmare . there be a long and thoughtful pause . sean what be I pass ? mr . lawson well . Mr. schonbeck say you be do quite well . sean ( v.o. ) who ? I have never be to a class teach by a Mr. schonbeck . mr . lawson needless to say , Mr. Bateman , um , Sean , you situation here be rather ... unstable ? sean unstable . yeah , well , um ... mr . lawson what be we go to do about it ? sean I be go to fix it . 85 . 78 ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 86 . 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 mr . lawson you be ? sean yes . you bet I be . mr . lawson ( confuse but smile ) well. good , good . pound it ' till it 's purple . Sean stand up . sean okay ? mr . lawson Fine with I . sean well , see you later ? mr . lawson ( laugh ) well , fine with I . Sean laugh uncomfortably back as he make he way toward the door . as he do he keep he eye on Mr. lawson , who 's really cracking up , yet stupefy . CUT to : 79 int . camden - common - post office - day 79 Sean , a little bent from he encounter with Mr. lawson , walk into the post office and check he box . he throw out all the mail except for a single purple envelope . he smile and smell it , then hungrily rip it open . sean ( v.o. ) ( read the letter with a smile ) tonight 's the night . tonight 's the night . tonight 's the night . tonight 's the night . tonight 's the no ... fade to black : 80 int . bus - bus terminal - day 80 Paul walk to the back of the bus and put he bag in the overhead storage area . he then take a seat in the back seat ( continued ) 80 81 82 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 87. continued : 80 and immediately look out the window . stand at he motorcycle , try to start it , be Sean . paul ( v.o. ) I should not be leave . he 's go to sleep with someone else . it 's the dress to get screw Party , for Christ 's sake . what the fuck be I do ? the bus suddenly lurch and start to drive away . Paul press up against the window longingly and then begin to wave . paul ( v.o. ) I love you , Sean Bateman . ext . town - bus terminal - day 81 Sean look up at the bus leave and then back to he motorcycle -- he do not wave back . sean ( v.o. ) ( think to himself ) I wonder if lauren go wild during sex . I wonder if she come easily -- or at all ? I will not go to bed with a girl that do not . if I can not make a girl come then why bother ? it would be like ask question in a letter ...hmmm ... I be hungry ... suddenly , with another kick , the motorcycle roar to life . he gass it and drive off in the opposite direction , back to campus . CUT to : int . leigh house - lauren 's room - night 82 lauren and lara be wear togas and sit on the bed do coke . they talk very rapidly in this scene . lara ( snort ) so tonight 's the night ? lauren ( snort ) I be go all the way . lara who 's the lucky boy ? ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 88. 82 continued : lauren I do not kiss and tell . lara you do if you want I out of the room tonight . lauren ( excited , smile ) okay . okay . ( prepare yourself ) Sean Bateman . lara Sean Bateman ?! lauren Sean Bateman . lara he 's a drug dealer . lauren I do not know . we have this ... thing . this ...moment . lara do you not hear I ? drug-dealer . hello . lara lean over and snort another line . lauren I know . but I have do my comparison shopping . he make I zzsh . lara Zzsh ? lauren snort a full line . lauren you know . Zzsh . that audible sound you hear that no one else hear that let you know when someone be go to play a important part in you life . lara Zzsh . I have never hear that . lauren you will ... someday . ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 89 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 she lean over and do another line . lara I do not know . sound kind of weird . maybe you be afflict with synesthesia . lauren which be . lara a clinical disorder which cause you to see what you hear and hear what you see . the uncontrolled combination of sense . you should probably get it check out . prozac might help . lara lower down and snort another line as lauren pensively ponder it . CUT to : int . booth house - sean 's room - night 83 it 's early evening and Sean walk into he room wet and wrap with a towel , have just return from the shower . he roughly dry he hair with the towel until it be a fuzzy mop . dry off the arm , chest , ball , leg . throw the towel onto the bed . Sean sit down naked into he desk chair and check he e- mail . nothing . he sit there for a moment and then look at he drawer , the purple letter . he open the drawer up and take out the purple letter . with the whole stack in hand he lay down on the bed and begin flipping through they ... and touch himself . he shut he eye and imagine ... the lauren fantasy 84 pure . sweet . first person super-8 footage with super - saturate color . there 's a river and lauren be swim in it -- swinging from a tire swing -- lay under a riverside tree . lauren be be tickle on a picnic blanket . she 's hurriedly pull she clothes off . she 's have sex . bite each other . sleep ... sean 85 ejaculate . fade to black : 86 87 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 90 . int . ritz - carlton - paul 's room - night 86 Paul dial the telephone , and impatiently wait . int . booth house - hallway - night 87 close on : the hall phone . it start ringing . the guy play hacky - sack do not want to answer the phone because it will ruin he set . then he miss and the hacky - sack fall to the floor with a solid thwump . hacky -sack guy fart . he walk over to the phone and answer it . hacky-sack guy ( obviously stone ) yeah ? intercut between : Paul at the ritz-carlton and the hallway telephone at Booth house . paul can I talk to Sean Bateman ? I think he life upstairs . hacky -sack guy yeah . the hacky - sack guy wander down the hallway as Paul wait for what seem like a eternity until Sean and the hacky - sack guy come back . continue to intercut between the two location ... sean yeah ? hello ? paul Sean ? sean yeah ? who be this ? Patrick ? paul Patrick ? who the Hell be Patrick ? no. it 's Paul . sean Paul ? paul yeah . remember I ? ( continued ) 87 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com sean no . this better be good . paul I just want to know what 's go on . who 's Patrick ? sean none of you business . what do you want ? paul be you asleep ? sean no . of course not . paul what be you do ? sean I be just get ready to go to the party . paul with who ? with Patrick ? sean ( laugh ) with the person who 's be leave note in my box . paul be you ?! sean deal with it . paul be you just fuck with I ? sean rock and roll . Sean hang up and walk off . 88 int . ritz - carlton - paul 's room - night 91 . 87 88 at the hang - up click Paul pull the phone away from he ear . he then look at it in disbelief . paul motherfucker . ( continued ) 88 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 92. continued : 88 voice from the door who ? Paul turn suddenly , he do not realize someone be in the room with he . stand at the door be richard , muscular and good-look , wear a leather jacket , drink from a bottle of Jack Daniels -- a bad boy . and it may be no coincidence , but Richard look surprisingly like Sean . paul Richard ? Jesus Christ , be that you ? richard it 's Dick . and yes , it be I . he walk in and throw he bag onto the bed . paul what be you do here ? richard get fuck up . ( he pause for drama ) maybe get fuck . he slyly lick he lip at Paul . it 's not really all that sexy , a drunk person never be , but Richard and Paul obviously have a past ... and that transcend the alcohol . suddenly , mrs . denton , Paul 's mother , and mrs . jare , Richard 's mother , walk into the room . they be too good to be true : Big hair , too much money , too much time , too much plastic surgery . one time sexy woman who manage to nab rich man and spend the rest of they life spend . it 's Louis vitton all the way . mrs . denton Paul . you remember Mrs. Jared . paul ( get up off the bed ) of course , how be you Mrs. Jared ? mrs . jare ( to Richard , she son ) I leave you alone for five minute and you be drink ?! richard ( lay down onto the bed ) drunk . I be drunk . ( continued ) 88 89 90 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 93. continued : ( 2 ) 88 he drop the bottle onto the floor let loose a horrendous ripping belch , the kind that win farm show . mrs . jare then take a shower and sober up . ( to Mrs. Denton ) will my torture never end ? ( she turn abruptly to Paul ) how be you Paul ? paul Fine . I be fine . mrs . jare would you talk to he ? he 'il listen to you . she walk out . Mrs. Denton shrug she shoulder with a smile , '' what can I do ? '' mrs . denton we will see you two downstairs for dinner in fifteen minute . she leave and shut the door behind she . Paul look at Richard on the bed , who now look rather sexy . something like a supermodel , tipsy and loose . richard wanna take a shower with I ? for old time sake ? CUT to : int . booth house - live room - night 89 student in togas be gravitate around the keg in Booth House . the party be pre-full-swing . then we read : the dressed to get screwed party int . booth house - bathroom - stall - night 90 Sean be stand in the in the bathroom eat dry magic mushroom as if they be fry pork rind while lara chop line of coke on a CD pearlcase . both of they be wear togas . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 94 . 90 continued : 90 sean ( distastefully chew ) blecch ! he make a yucky face and pop another one in he mouth . lara thank god you be still deal . lara lean down and snort some cocaine from a CD on the porcelain toilet top . she lift she head back and shake she nose back and forth , knock back any would - be '' crumb '' . lara ( rub she gum with she coke dabbe finger ) that be grow in shit . they taste better when you eat they with peanut butter . Sean start to dry heave . hard CUT to : 91 int . booth house - live room - night 91 Sean and lara be stand next to each other at the party . Sean be a fuzzy blur . quite literally . he 's actually smeary and blurred . lara , on the other hand , be crystal clear and damn near pixilate she seem composite from every fourth of fifth frame -- result in a jerky , erratic state . she light a cigarette . Sean look at she , he face smear as he turn . he look at she , he pupil be so big that he eye be almost black . lara be lara one moment , and then suddenly it 's lauren . still pixilate and stop motion , but now it 's lauren . Sean blink he eye . it 's she . Laura have turn into lauren . sean ( dopey , shroom ) be you wear anything underneath that toga ? lara / lauren no. sean ( nice smile ) good . she exhales smoke at he . size he up . her motor be run a thousand mile a hour . ( continued ) 91 92 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 95 . continued : 91 lara / lauren I have a boyfriend . remember ? sean that do not matter . you do not have to not screw because of that . lara / lauren do you know I be bear in a holiday Inn ? quick CUT to : int . booth house - sean 's room - night 92 smeary mushroom induce pseudo-hallucination . Sean be on top of lara , fuck she . but to Sean , who be still fry on mushroom , lara be lauren . sometimes , through the corner of he eye , it 's lara ... but invariably she shift back into lauren . either way , she flesh be glow green from the green from a buzzing lightning green neon lamp on he desk from sharper image . frankenstein 's monster ... lara / lauren oh baby ... suddenly , Sean ejaculate with a prolonged groan and ( we can presume ) spurt , spurt ... she start moaning and humping up and down . sean ( v.o. ) disillusionment strike . after all my pine for she ... this ... the inevitable conclusion . it 's like bad poetry -- and then what ? I be still hard so I continue fuck she . she 's groan now , humping up , down , up . be it ever go to end ? I should never have do this . I should have keep it innocent . I put my hand over she mouth . she come , lick my palm , snort . it 's over . suddenly , as if the high just end , everything go clear and Sean realize that the girl he dick be inside be not lauren -- but lara . sean ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ohmygod . that 's not lauren ... it 's she room mate . I just fuck she room mate . I be in deep shit . what have I do ? make a mental note : never shroom again . ( continued ) 92 93 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 96 . continued : 92 sean lara ?! lara yeah ? confirmation ... it 's lara , not lauren . sean um. where 's the kleenex ? do you have a towel or something ? lara ( confuse ) do you come yet ? Sean pause quixotically . do not she notice he vocal expiration ? sean um . oh , yeah ... well , I be gonna come . in fact , I be come now . Sean moan a little , grunt authentically , and then pull out . sean kleenex ? lara turn she head and start to sob . sean what ?! what 's wrong ? wait . I tell you I come . CUT to : int . ritz - carlton - dine room - night 93 close on : Paul , freshly shower . Paul be sit at a table with he mother , Mrs. Jared , and Richard in the center of the massive and elegant dining room of the ritz-carlton . a piano arrangement of '' libiamo '' from giuseppe verdi 's La traviata be be play by a expert pianist . waiter dress in new expensive tuxedo move quickly , gracefully , from table to table . elderly women with too much make - up on , slump lazily , drunkenly in the red velvet chair , stare and smile . we be surround by very old money . ( continued ) 93 94 95 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 97 . continued : 93 Richard , even after a shower and a new suit , have not sober up . he peer out at Paul from behind the dark glass and lift he eyebrow suggestively . mrs . denton ( finish up a long , draw - out story ) --.- and then I realize that my cadillac have be steal . the police could have care less . they say my insurance will take care of it . frankly , I be get sick of the color . everyone nod , totally bored . under the table 94 Richard 's foot slip out of he shoe and into Paul 's crotch . paul 95 widen he eye suddenly and shift in he seat . mrs . jare I be go to ask you one more time , Richard . will you kindly remove you sunglass . he totally ignore she . Paul be highly self - conscious and want to dissipate into the ether . mrs . jare very well then . ( perhaps try reverse psychology ) why do not you tell we about school . Richard look at she , reach into he pocket , pull out a marlboro , and grab a candle from the middle of the table -- light it . mrs . jare ( disapprovingly as he place the candle back ) oh , do not smoke . honestly , Richard . Paul eye Richard 's cigarette , whose smoke seem to ascend in a unnatural and sexual slow-motion . richard ( quietly and politely ) my name 's not Richard . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 98. 95 continued : 95 mrs . jare what be it then ? richard Dick . mrs . jare what ? richard Dick . you hear I . he take a long drag from he cigarette and exhales into Paul 's face . mrs . jare no. you name be Richard . richard sorry . it 's Dick . mrs . jare well ... Dick ...how be school ? richard suck cock . Paul , who be just sip Champagne , spit up into he glass as if he have just inhale bubbly through he nose . he try to act nonchalant about it but can not stop coughing . mrs . jare what class be you take ... Dick ? richard gangbang 101 ... freebasing tutorial ... oral sex workshop ... mrs. denton ( whisper , embarrassed ) my god. 96 under the table 96 Richard be grind he foot into Paul 's crotch . 97 paul 97 squirm helplessly . richard you like that ? ( continued ) 97 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 99 . continued : 97 Paul skid he chair over , avoid Richard . mrs . jare what have happen to you ? richard what do you mean '' what have happen to I ? '' what do you think ? mrs . jare I can see what that school have do to you . mrs . denton perhaps Paul and I should -- mrs . jare no. no . if anyone 's go to leave the table it 's go to be Richard . richard it 's Dick ! mrs . jare leave the table , Richard . now . richard why ? mrs . jare ( quieter , but more intense ) I be ask you to leave the table . now . Paul and he mother be watch the entire exchange in silent horror . richard no , no , no . I will not leave the table . mrs . jare ( command ) leave the table . richard ( scream ) fuck you ! the pianist stop play and whatever quiet din of conversation there be in the dining room be kill . Richard take a drag from he cigarette , finish he kir , skid he chair back , get up , bow , and walk slowly out of the dining room . ( continued ) 97 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 100 . continued : ( 2 ) 97 the maitre d' and the head waiter rush up to see if everything be okay . Mrs. Jared take a sip from she drink and assure they : mrs . jare everything be fine now . I be really terribly sorry . maitre d' be you sure , Madame ? mrs . jare positive . my son be not ... well . he have a lot of pressure ... you know , with ... with mid-term come up . ( she inhale in a attempt to relax ) I would like another vodka Collins . ( to Mrs. Denton ) Eve , would you like anything ? mrs . denton ( shaking she head , stunne ) yes . I mean ...no. well ... yes . she look at Paul , visibly stunne and look for help . paul ( to the maitre D 's ) get she another one . the maitre d' nod and walk away , confer with the waiter . the pianist resume playing , slowly , unsure . some of the people who be stare finally look away . mrs . denton I ... think I want my next car to be blue . a dark blue . Mrs. Jared take a xanax and nod while finish she vodka Collins . mrs . denton what do you think , Paul ? Paul close he eye . paul Blue . CUT to : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 101 . 98 int . ritz - carlton - paul 's room - night 98 Paul be lay on the bed in he calvin klein underwear , watch video with the sound turn off . he 's drink some beer which room service have bring up . there be a polite knock at the door . Paul consider not answer it , but then decide the better of it . he get up and wander over to the door , open it . his mother be stand there . paul oh. hi mom . mrs. denton I think maybe we have go downstairs for a drink . paul what for ? mrs. denton I want to talk about something . paul why not here ? mrs. denton let 's go downstairs . CUT to : 99 int . ritz - carlton - lobby - night 99 Paul and he mother walk up to the bar of the ritz . Paul have put on jeans , a grey sweater , and a rip black tweed coat . mrs . denton do I buy you that sport coat ? Paul do not answer she . they walk into the bar . 100 int . ritz - carlton - bar - night 100 the host walk up to they and look Paul over . mrs . denton yes , there be two of we . host I be afraid there 's a dress code . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 102. 100 continued : 100 mrs . denton yes ...? host this young man be not follow it . mrs. denton where do it say that there 's a dress code ? glaring but still smile the host motion to a white board and point out bright blue lettering that say , first , '' no jeans " , and then , '' tie must be worn '' . Paul rub he temple . paul forget it , mom . we ’1ll go somewhere else . mrs . denton ( to the host ) we be guest in this hotel . host yes , I realize that . but this apply to everyone . she open she purse . host would you like I to make reservation for later . mrs . denton my son be dress fine . she hand he a fifty dollar bill , fold neatly in half . mrs . denton just sit we in back . he take the fifty and slip it into he pocket . host yes , there might be a table over in the corner , in the dark . paul in the corner , in the dark . CUT to : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 103 . 101 int . ritz - carlton - bar - later - night 101 extreme close on : two Champagne kir be pour into tall thin glass . they be seat at a small cocktail table toward the back of the bar . it be dark -- dimly illuminate by the ambient bar halogen and the red table candle . the hostess smile and leave . Paul take out a cigarette and light it . mrs . denton darling , I wish you would not smoke . paul mother , I be sorry , but I need a cigarette . badly . she nod , give in , and Paul cross he leg and focus he attention on she . mrs . denton you know , you father and I first come here seventeen year ago on we fifth anniversary . it be in December and it be snow . we would order this . she lift the kir and take a sip . Paul notice that something be seriously disturbing she . he shift nervously in he seat . paul be you okay , mom ? mrs. denton I wonder what happen to Richard tonight . paul mid-term ? mrs. denton oh , please . paul he 's always be like that . mrs . denton well it 's too much . too much . she adjust herself in she seat , obviously hold something back . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 101 continued : mrs . denton his mother say he have a new girlfriend . Paul roll he eye . paul Mom , Richard 's bi . mrs. denton bi what ? paul bi. ( lift he hand as if to describe this condition ) you know . bi. mrs . denton bilingual ? paul bisexual . mrs . denton oh. well ... if he 's bi it do not mean he could not have a girlfriend ... if he 's bi . paul do we come down here to talk about Richard ? 104 . 101 she look at Paul for a long moment , take he in here in the darkness of this bar , drink kir. mrs . denton ( v.o. ) ( think to herself ) I love my son very much . look at he here in the bar , drink he kir , I just want to hold he hand ... like when he be a little boy . how I miss that day . sitting here now in the darkness now I feel as though I have never know this child . his face -- placid , expressionless . my son -- a cipher . how do it come to be this way ? mrs . denton you father and I be get a divorce . Paul be stunne . paul what ? why ?! ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 105 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 mrs . denton because ... we do not love each other anymore . Paul look down for a moment , averting he eye , and then back to she . mrs . denton you father and I have be live apart since you leave for school . paul where do he live now ? mrs . denton in the city . paul oh. mrs . denton be you upset ? he look like he might cry , but he do not -- he suck it in . paul upset ? no . I know it be go to happen sooner or later . it be inevitable . he look down again . dissolve to : 102 int . camden - common - post office - sean 's p.o. BOX - night 102 a purple letter rest inside of Sean 's post office box , bath in the cool blue light of the moon . girl 's voice ( v.o. ) I have write you this last letter because I know I 'il never have you . I stand in the corner and watch you go off with she . she 's so beneath you . you probably do it to hurt I . it work . you hurt I and now there 's nothing else I can do . there will not be anymore note . it 's last call -- hard CUT to : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 106 . 103 int . leigh house - bathroom - night 103 a girl who we may vaguely remember work in food service , and perhaps even around campus and various party ( though always a wallflower ) , and whose voice we just hear , be lay in a bathtub in the girl 's bathroom , surround by flower and candle . on the edge of the tub be a thin razor . she take it into she finger and lower it beneath the water , out of view ... food service girl ( v.o. ) I be lie , in warm water , in a bathtub , in leigh House . I drag the razor underwater firmly across the hot skin of my lower arm -- up and down , then a ... Cross ... suddenly a cloud of deep red pollute the water , turn it murky . she shut she eye . food service girl ( v.o. ) ( continue ) .-.. the weakness drench I and I lay back , the water turn impossibly red and then I start to dream . then I be not sure if this be really the thing to do . I be too tired now to get up and stop it . maybe I should have -- guess what ? no time . God Jesus Christ we my nothing savior ... CUT to : 104 int . camden - common - post office - sean 's p.o. BOX - night 104 silence . the purple letter . fade to black : 105 int . leigh house - girl 's bathroom - morning 105 someone be scream ! and we can see why . the food service girl be a blue corpse -- literally blue -- lock into a contort position and wear the most gruesome death face you have ever see . the water be more blood than water now . the deep red imaginable . the person scream be lauren , dress in she nightshirt . she 's shrieking like she 's lose she mind . she stumble back and flee the bathroom . 106 107 108 109 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 107 . ext . camden - common - lawn - morning 106 lauren be scream and scream and scream as she make the hundred yard dash across the commons . int . booth house - sean 's room - morning 107 Sean be asleep when suddenly he 's awaken by the scream and a pounding on he window . he jerk up . lara be next to he . he look at she and then part the curtain to see who be outside of he window . it 's lauren . the sight of she scream cause he to scream which cause lara to scream . then , everyone stop . silence . lauren look at lara , naked in bed with Sean . lara look at Sean , then to lauren . Sean to lauren , then to lara , then back to lauren ... lauren 's eye roll up into she head and she faint . CUT to : ext . camden - common - lawn - day 108 Paul be return from he trip . he 's walk across camden , carry he bag , on he way back to he room . he notice all of the police activity and student go on at leigh house . CUT to : int . leigh house - hallway - day 109 Sean be pounding on lauren 's door . sean lauren ! open up ! I do not mean it ! lauren ( 0.s. ) fuck you ! in the background the police be take the body bag out of the bathroom . a SMALL crowd of student have form to see what 's go on . sean listen , I hate to do this through the door ... but , I love you . I do not want to lose you . I just want you to know that I be high . I think she be you . you ( more ) ( continued ) 109 110 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 108. continued : 109 sean ( cont 'd ) two do look a lot alike . and I do not even remember it . lauren ( 0.s. ) I do not ever want to see you again ! sean since when do have sex with someone else mean , like , I be not faithful to you ? no answer . just crying on the other side of the door . Sean pound he head against the door . then he notice lara , lean against the hallway wall and smoking a cigarette , a devilish smile across she face . lara she 's not ever go to want to see you again . face it ... she smile , satisfied with herself , and take a long drag from she cigarette . she then blow the smoke in he face . lara ( continue ) you fuck up . Sean take a step toward she and then suddenly cold cock she with a solid punch to the nose , burst it like a spoiled tomato . lara , stunne , stumble backwards and then fall onto she ass on the floor . Sean turn and walk out . CUT to : int . booth house - sean 's room - day 110 Sean be sit in he room . totally depressed . smoke a cigarette . then , from the other side of the room , come a muffled ringing of a telephone . it must be he room mate Bertrand 's phone ... inside the drawer of the desk . on top of the desk be a carve pumpkin with a beret . Sean sit there listen to it , ringing over and over until he just can not take it any longer . he get up , cross the room , and open Bertrand 's desk drawer , where the telephone line be run into . ring , ring , ring ! Inside of the drawer be a red metal cashbox which the telephone line be run into . Sean take it out and try to open it -- lock . he take Bertrand 's letter opener and ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 109 . 110 continued : 110 use it like a crow bar . it bend until the metal box 's cheap lock pop open . Inside be a wad of cash , Bertrand 's french passport , some letter , and the telephone . ring , ring , ring ! Sean ignore the normally seductive object within the box and answer the phone . sean hello ? french voice ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) allo ? sean hello ? french voice ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) allo ? Bertrand ? sean Bertrand 's not in . french voice ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) be it Jean -jacque ? allo ? ga va ? sean Jesus . french voice ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) ga va ? can va ? Sean violently rip the phone wire from the wall . in do so he somehow accidently turn on Bertrand 's radio , '' the monster mash '' blare . Sean pause momentarily to consider this and then rip the wire free from the end of the phone , put the phone back into the box , the box back into the drawer , and shut the drawer . Sean then put a chair underneath a fern hang from the ceiling , stand on it , take down the fern , tie a noose out of the telephone wire , and attaches the wire to the now empty plant hook on the ceiling . he slip the noose around he neck . Sean shut he eye ... sean lauren -- ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 110 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 111 112 with a kick the chair fall over -- fwump ! Sean hang there for a second , gagging and startle , before the hook rip out of the ceiling and he fall like a idiot to the floor . sean shit ! '' the monster mash '' be still play . he get up , with the telephone wire noose still around he neck , and limp over to he bed . he sit on it and open he bedside drawer . Inside be several box of actife , sudafe , cough syrup , and tylenol cold Medicine . he take a sensor razor and try to cut he wrist . all that happen be some nasty twin paper - cut that do not even bleed . frustrate , Sean throw the razor to the floor . he then start pop actifed out of they tamper - proof pack and swallow they , one - by-one , down they with a old , warm beer . fade to black : int . booth house - sean 's room - later - night 111 Sean wake up , bleary , pale , and confuse by the fact that it 's now night . he look around and suddenly realize that he 's piss he pants . he have a huge stain from what must have be the biggest pee in history . his whole bed be wet . he 's surround by empty pack of actife , etc . how embarrassing . sean typical . he sit up and find one last cigarette in he pack . thing can not be that bad . he look on he desk and find a tube of fun blood . hmmm ? he bite off the end of the tube and squirt a little onto he finger . he dab it onto he wrist . a little more . like the effect , Sean lean he head back and then take the tube and start apply it directly onto he neck . CUT to : int . booth house - hallway - night 112 lauren walk down the hall until she come to Sean 's door . she knock . no answer . she then try the knob . 113 114 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 111. int . booth house - sean 's room - night 113 lauren peek she head into the dark room . lauren Sean ? I get you message . you be right . we have to talk . she turn on the light and be greet with the ghastly image of Sean , he wrist and neck cover with blood , hold a break beer bottle -- he eye pop wide in a death stare . she gasp and cover she mouth , swallow a scream . Sean can not hold it any longer , he start laughing . lauren 's shock quickly turn to anger . lauren asshole ! you be fuck sick ! I be willing to talk , but now ... fuck you ! she turn and rush out the door . Sean 's laughter peter out and he eventually just sit there , emotionally dead . fade to black : int . / ext . europe - day / night 114 in a series of shot : we be follow victor , a attractive camden student as he backpack across Europe . the follow scene be both dialogue and description . it 's all compose of quick cut shot entirely on minidv , and mos , throughout Europe ... victor ( v.o. ) ( narrate ) take a charter flight on a DC - 10 to London , land at gatwick , take a bus to the center , call a friend from school who be sell hash , but she be not in . so I wander around until it start to rain , then take a subway back to the friend 's house and hang out there for four or five day . saw the change of the guard at Buckingham Palace . ate a grapefruit next to the Thames River , which remind I a lot of the cover of that pink floyd album . wrote my mom a postcard I never send . buy some speed from a italian guy I bump into . smoke a lot of hash that have too much tobacco in it . take a ferry and then a bus to Dingle , Ireland where I drank too much Guinness Stout after eat spaghetti and throw it all up in front of a movie theater just as people be walk out . stay in a hostel but the asshole that work there make I collect peat moss for the fire so I get a room in a bed-and-breakfast . go to Dublin . it rain a lot , it be expensive , so I split for Amsterdam . there be someone play saxophone at Central ( more ) ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 112. 114 continued : 114 victor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Station , which be kind of pretty . stay with some friend in someone 's basement . smoke a lot of hash in Amsterdam too , but lose most of my stash in some museum . the museum be cool , I guess . lot of Van gogh and the vermeer be intense . wander around , buy a lot of pastry , eat some intense waffle . the dutch all know English so I do not have to speak any dutch , which be a relief . want to rent a car but could not . the people I be stay with have bike though , so I go bike one day and I see a lot of cow and geese and canal . I pull off to the side of the road , get stone and fall asleep , wake up , write a little , take some acid , make a few drawing , and then go to the red light district in de haag , because I hear the whore be cleaner and better look than the whore in Amsterdam -- which they be . I fuck one so hard that I skinned my knee . ate lunch at a Burger King , which be better and no more expensive than the States . stay in the Amsterdam youth Hostel where there be some cool german guy who speak better English than I do . we buy some coke and I cruise the red light district until I find a brunette with big tit that remind I of kj . I give she a hundred guilder . she work I up , mount I , put on a good show , and in the end she pull I out and I come between she tit -- even though I be wear a rubber . afterward we make small talk about aids , she moroccan pimp , and herself . I wake to the sound of a wino sing . it be eight am and hot as blaze . have a beer and then head South to Paris . climb the eifel Tower with this canadian guy name Tim for only seven francs because the ticket machine be break . get the hang of the subway . told Tim to get lose . met a french girl who 's go to camden . I think she give I mono . go to Pamplona for the run of the bull . never see one bull but I almost get trample by the crowd . dropped acid at the museo gala - dali , which be a trip . go to the lamest circus ever , a goat and two guy on unicycle . go to Nice and eat mexican food at a place call calexico -- or mexicali . then go to Switzerland where I , ironically , could not find anyone who have the time . take the Glacier Express to Zermatt , the matterhorn , and find out that I could ski it , which , when you be there , you have to do -- but I do not have glove so I use sock instead and froze my hand . it be slushy but fun . ate some sourdough bread that taste like it be make with sour milk . eurail pass have into Italy and accidently sleep through Florence . ended up in Rome which be big and hot and dirty . it be just like L.A. , but with ruin . I go to the vatican but could not get in because I be wear short . I could get into the sistine Chapel , which now that it 's be clean look fake . at the train station I meet two girl from Germany who I drank warm beer with . they be live for a full year on only nine dollar a day . I tease they and then turn the couchette into a huge bed and we all fuck . I wake dirty and tired in brindisi , which be hot and filthy . I go with the german girl to get a ferry to Greece , but we have to take different boat because I be on eurail and ( more ) ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 113. 114 continued : ( 2 ) victor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be on interail . on the ferry to corfu I meet three american girl and a guy from Turkey who use the word '' nigger '' constantly . this offend the american girl and I use it to my advantage . when we get to corfu the girl and I ditch the turkish guy and rent a house on the beach together . I dry hump one of the girl , whose name I think be Sue . I wake to Sue 's fat face and go off on my own to get waste . when I stumble back I make out with Sue for a while until she tell I that I be be cold to she . so I leave again and get drunk on ouzo and the waiter break plate onto my head . when I get back that night Sue be asleep and I go skinny dip with she friend out to some rock . we sit on the rock for a while and then she grab my dick and we start to make out . she call I Mr. l.a . I come close to fuck she but she say she can not because she 's engage , which be bullshit . I leave the next morning before they get up and take the ferry back to Italy . on the train I meet some dutch guy . we start drink heavily . the dutch guy seem like fag to I . I get so drunk I could not see and exchange my shirt with one of they . in Venice I try to fart and instead shit my pants . back in my hotel I masturbate and have a pain in my groin . that night I dream about a beautiful girl half in water , stretch she lean body . she ask I if I like it and I tell she she could clean fish with it . I wake well rest , masturbate in shower , and check out . I make my way back to London and hang out in Piccadilly Circus at a comic book shop . I meet a cute girl from Amsterdam at a whimpys while eat a spicy bean Burger . she 's a oreo with a diamond in she front tooth . we get stone and fuck at she flat to Michael Jackson record and the next morning I wake up talk to myself . I have a big bump on my head from flail in my sleep . I get my stuff and barely make my plane back to the United States . I no longer know who I be and feel like the ghost of a total stranger . the final image of this montage be of a american Airlines DC - 10 fly over the pillowy cloud of the Atlantic bound for the United States . suddenly the image lock in a freeze frame . then we read the title : victor CUT to : 115 int . the carousel - night Victor be back from Europe . he 's sit there with Sean and Mitchell . victor and then I come back here . ( continued ) 114 115 115 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com mitchell dude , I be so there when school get out you do not even know . victor I do know . and you do not know until you do know . and you have to go there to know . what do you do last break , Sean ? Long pause . sean I go to Berlin . victor learn any german ? sean no. Berlin , New Hampshire . victor sound like you be lead a exciting life , Bateman . sean it have it 's moment . victor ( disinterested , turn to Mitchell ) you still bang that girl from Hawaii ? mitchell naw . I give up on that shit . she have issue . I move on to this chick candice . she 's great . victor in the sack ? mitchell you know it , brother . they bop fist . Sean feel sort of leave out . sean ( interject ) I meet a girl too . victor yeah ? fuck she yet ? 114 . 115 ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 115. 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 sean that 's 1l1 come . victor it will come when you come . then it 's time to go . Victor and Mitchell laugh boisterously and high five each other . Victor 's hand be leave hang wait for Sean to high five he . he do not and Victor lower he hand . sean it 's not like that with she . victor oh ? do not sound like the Bateman I know . sean I ’‘1l tell you , Victor . I think I love this girl . she 's pure , innocent , sweet -- a virgin . victor how young be she ?! mitchell sound like jailbait . sean she 's at camden . victor okay . calm down . you do not have to get all chivalrous and shit . I be not try to stab at she honor . sean good . victor I would stab she with my dick though ... they all start laughing again . victor can you give I she number ? I have not pop a cherry since high school . more laughter . Sean get up , emotionless , and start to leave . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 116. 115 continued : ( 3 ) 115 victor hey , Sean , wassup ? where you goin 's ? we have not do we deal yet . Sean be walk away , ignore they . victor you get any '' coca - cola '' or not ?! Sean turn around and look at he . sean how much you want ? Victor smile . victor shit , man . I think you be walkin’ out on I before you take my order . sean how much you want ? victor Three gram . sean Three hundred , up front . victor up front ? what kind of shit be that ? sean shitty business . take it or leave it . victor how do I know you be not gonna stiff I ? Sean turn around and start to walk away . victor wait , wait , wait , wait ! Sean stop and turn around . Victor reach into he pocket and pull out a roll of twenty fresh from a cash machine . Sean walk back and hold he hand out . Victor put the cash in he hand and then hold it . victor I do not trust you , Bateman . sean tough shit . ( continued ) 115 116 117 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 117 . continued : ( 4 ) 115 victor you take Mitchell with you . Sean look at Mitchell . sean okay . but we take you car , and I drive . he jerk the money away from Victor and stuff it into he pocket . he then turn and walk away . sean let 's go . CUT to : ext . town - mitchell be car - moving - night 116 it 's snow . Mitchell 's little , white Mazda miata drive through town toward the more run-down bad side of town . we can hear the music thump thumping from inside of it . int . mitchell 's car - town - moving - night 117 Sean be at the wheel of Mitchell 's miata . while drive he 's adjust the bass and treble on the stereo as it loudly play some kind of thumping bass driven music . Mitchell be totally nervous about how he 's handle the drive . mitchell ( over the loud music ) could you keep you eye on the road ? Sean turn down the volume . sean bitchin 's ride . mitchell yeah , and I do not want you to crash it . could you keep you eye on the road . sean relax . mitchell yeah , right -- '' relax '' . my car be be use to run a drug deal . I x11 just sit back and '' relax '' . I do not even know why I be goin 's with you , let alone let you drive -- ( continued ) 117 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 118. 117 sean ( firm ) look , I do not care either way if we do this deal or not . but you do . without this deal you girlfriend will not get she nose candy , and without she nose candy she will not fuck you . and you know it . now I have my term and if you do not meet they then you get no pussy . so deal with it . Mitchell be stunne . Sean reach down and ramp the volume up and down . sean how many speaker do this stereo have ? Mitchell be still stunne , but he nervously answer . 118 ext . town Mitchell 's house look across the mitchell six . two in the dash , two in the door , and two in the rear . sean preamp and subwoofer ? mitchell trunk . sean rock and roll . CUT to : - rupert 's run down house - night 118 miata pull up in front of rupert 's house . the 's dark , and there 's a white - trash party go on street . 119 int . mitchell 's car - town - rupert 's run down house - night 119 Mitchell , in the passenger seat look at the dark and scary - look house . he be kind of freak . sean ( turn off the car ) this be it . mitchell look kind of dark . maybe no one 's home . ( continued ) 119 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 119 . continued : 119 sean rupert do not leave home . mitchell I ' 1l wait in the car . sean no , it 's okay . rupert 's cool . mitchell I do not want to go in . sean just come in . let 's get this over with . 120 ext . town - rupert 's run down house - night 120 121 122 Sean and Mitchell get out of the little car and walk up to the door . Sean knock three time , loud . no answer . he knock again and then try the door . suddenly , Guest abruptly yank the door open and laugh ghoulishly . guest Sean . jus 's da mon we be hopin’ on seein 's tonight . come in outta da cold . rupert be in da kitchen . int . rupert 's run down house - live room - night 121 Mitchell and Sean walk into the darken live room where a couple of wanna - be black whiteboy townies be listen to a house music version of '' here come santa claus '' . someone have light a bunch of candle . they walk through the room and into the kitchen . int . rupert 's run down house - kitchen - night 122 rupert be in the messy late - 70 style kitchen . on the card table kitchen table be a scale and a pile of cocaine that 's in the process of be put into little amber bottle with a tiny shovel and funnel . there 's also a big cinder - brick - size brick of marijuana that rupert be carve on with a electric kitchen knife as if he be slice up a Thanksgiving turkey . he look up suddenly , coke out , when he see Sean and Mitchell . Guest lean against the counter next to the underage townie girl , who be make a peanut butter and banana sandwich . rupert ( intense ) Sean . who 's you friend ? ( continued ) 122 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com sean Mitch . rupert ( to Mitchell ) Mitch . mitchell ( scared ) hi. rupert be you a cop , Mitch ? mitchell ( nervous ) no ... sean do he really look like a cop to you , rupert ? rupert ( instantly and overly aggressive ) how the fuck do I know ? unless he have a crack pipe hangin 's out of he mouth I have to assume he 's fuckin 's 21 jump Street . mitchell I be not ... 21 jump Street . whatever that be . rupert it 's where johnny depp and Richard grieco get they start . where the fuck have you be ? guest he 's no cop . rupert obviously . rupert slice another layer off of the brick of pot . rupert so what be you here for , boy ? sean come over to pick up some stuff . ( continued ) 120 . 122 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 121. 122 continued : ( 2 ) 122 rupert do you , now ? he revs the electric knife several time for dramatic effect . rupert where 's my money goddamnit , Bateman ?! Mitchell be suddenly ready to wet he pants . this be exactly he worst nightmare . sean do not act crazy , rupert . I be just here with my buddy Mitchell to pick up a few gram . he take out the money . rupert count it with alarming speed . rupert what be this ? Three hundred ? you owe I three thousand . suddenly , a big townie with a Beer belly and a crew cut stand in the doorway , lean against the frame . Mitchell move away from he and against one of the cabinet . rupert where 's my fuckin’ money , you asshole ?! suddenly Guest take a machete from the knife drawer . it 's amazing that it fit in there . sean whoa , now wait a minute -- mitchell I be wait in the car . Excuse I . sean ( hold he arm ) wait . rupert wait for what , you asshole ? I want my money . sean listen ... ( he pause and look around the room ) he 's get it . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 122. 122 continued : ( 3 ) Mitchell 's eye widen . rupert ( calming down , seriously interested ) you have get it ? mitchell I do not know what the Hell 's goin 's on here , I just come for some blow . sean come on , Mitchell . give rupert the money . mitchell ( scream ) what the fuck be you talk about ?! I be wait in the fuck car ! he start to leave but the door be block . Guest stand up with the machete . guest Don 's fuck wit we now , mon . mitchell this be absolute shit ! rupert do you really have it ? mitchell ( wigging ) I do not even know what you be talk about . now wait , listen , this guy -- rupert ( to Sean ) do this guy have the money or not ? a long , silent second . mitchell ( to Sean ) will you fuck tell he ! sean okay . he do not have it . rupert what do you have for I ? ( continued ) 122 122 123 124 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 123. continued : ( 4 ) 122 sean I have this ... Sean start to reach into he pocket and then suddenly punch rupert with a strong uppercut to the jaw . rupert stumble backwards onto Guest . the two of they , entangle by the crowded kitchen , stumble backwards onto the townie girl . Mitchell try to leave but be block by the towny , one of whom cold - cock he to the nose . Mitchell , stunne , fall backwards onto the scale , and into the pile of cocaine . Sean grab the electric knife and a beer bottle . first he smashes the beer bottle into rupert 's face . then he revs the electric knife and cut into Guest 's arm -- the arm hold the machete . he drop the machete to the floor . suddenly Sean be hold off the towny by jabbing the machete , the whole time scream : sean back off ! back off ! Mitchell and Sean escape out the back door . ext . town - rupert 's run down house - night 123 Mitchell and Sean come run down the driveway that run along the side of the house -- toward Mitchell 's miata . it have start to snow again . Mitchell , he nose bleed , slip on the icy driveway and slide the entire length of it to the car . limp , he open up the door and jump in -- lock the door . Sean be hold off the towny with broad swing of the machete . he run and literally slide down the icy driveway like a skater or a skim boarder . when he hit the snowy sidewalk he jump over the snow and to the driver 's side of the car , but Mitchell have lock the door . sean let I in , asshole ! I have the key ! Mitchell , think the wiser of it , unlock the door and Sean jump in . he drop the machete out of the miata before he slam the door shut . int . mitchell 's car - town - rupert 's run down house - night 124 Sean stick the key into the ignition and start the miata . the radio come to life and Gary numan 's '' Cars '' play on all six speaker . ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 128 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 124. continued : 124 mitchell drive , asshole ! drive ! he peel out , but the snow and ice on the ground make for a slow getaway . the towny be throw beer bottle and rock at the miata . ext . town - rupert 's run down house - night 125 rupert come run out of the house with a gun . his forehead be bleed like a professional wrestler from the beer bottle . he fire it in they direction as they blaze off down the street . rupert , Guest , and all of the other towny jump into they pick - up to chase they . int . mitchell 's car - town - moving - night 126 Sean be laughing and he adrenaline be run as he drive the car . Mitchell look at Sean like Sean 's a complete and total madman . mitchell be you fuckin’ crazy ?! sean ( laugh ) how do you define crazy ? suddenly they hear the truck of hooting townies , two block behind -- come up fast . Mitchell turn around and see the pick -up headlight . mitchell ( practically pee he pants ) oh , God . I do not want to die on a Friday . any other night than a Friday . any other ... Sean gass it , right through a stoplight . ext . road to camden - night 127 Mitchell 's miata roar down the tree-line stretch of road . behind , but not too close , be the pick - up truck ... unable to keep up with the nimble japanese sportscar . ext . camden - gate - night 128 as if the camden gate be the finish line , Mitchell 's miata triumphantly race through the school main gate -- go full speed over a speed bump and send spark fly . 129 130 131 132 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 125. ext . camden - parking lot - night 129 the miatas headlight turn off and it race through the parking lot until it find a parking spot . the engine turn off as the car break . silence . int . mitchell be car - camden - parking lot - night 130 Sean be busting up laughing as if he just have a adrenaline rush . sean be not that fun ? Mitchell look at he aghast and pull he key out of the ignition . mitchell Jesus , Bateman ! you be a asshole ! Sean get out of the car , then reach into he jacket pocket and pull out four tiny , two -gram , amber cocaine bottle out of he jacket . he drop they onto the driver seat . he then walk off through the snowy parking lot , back to the dorm . ext . camden - common - post office - night 131 Sean come in out of the snow and lean against the door frame . he think for a moment about the gravity of what just happen . he start to laugh uncontrollably until he 's half cry and half laugh . it 's a odd , paradoxical mix that can only be attribute to a overload of emotion . he inhale deep . that be a close call . he take he key and open he mail box , take out the purple letter . he smell it and smile , and then put it into he pocket . quick CUT to : int . booth house - hallway - day 132 Sean walk down the hallway toward the payphone . the hacky - sack guy must be have a party in he room , because people have spill out and be loitering around in the hall with big red plastic beer cup in they hand . Sean walk past they and pick up the phone . he pause before dial the number and shut he eye -- pray : ( continued ) 132 133 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 126. continued : 132 sean ( the whisper mantra ) please do not be a asshole . please do not be a asshole . please do not be a asshole . be cool . he quickly dial the 10 - 10 number . sean ( into phone ) Operator , I would like to make a collect call . CUT to : int . patrick bateman 's apartment - live room - day 133 extreme close on : a bang & olufsen beocom 6000 digital cordless telephone rest on a immaculate white lacquer table . it begins to ring the most pleasant ring you have ever hear . the ring sound expensive . behind the phone , beyond the white oak floor , break the ambient white gallery wall , be a white marble and granite gas- log fireplace , above which be hang a original David onica . it 's a six - foot - by - four- foot portrait of a naked woman , mostly do in mute gray and olive , sit in a chaise lounge watch MTV , the backdrop a martian landscape , a gleam mauve desert scattered with dead , gut fish , smashed plate rise like a sunburst above the woman 's yellow head , and the whole thing be frame in black aluminum steel . the painting overlook a long white down - fill sofa from quatrine and a toshiba forty - inch flat panel digital plasma screen . on the television , mute ( and clearly label so in large green letter ) , be the dance and sing freezemiser from the rankin / bass puppetoon '' the Year without Santa Claus '' . the beocom 6000 phone ring again and again until finally a hand reach into frame and , after gently place a woman 's earring down onto the table , lift the handset from its cradle and off camera . patrick ( 0.s. ) yes . operator ( 0.s. ) ( from telephone ) this be the AT&T operator . I have a collect call from ... sean ( 0.s. ( from telephone ) ... Sean . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 127. 133 continued : 133 operator ( 0.s. ) ( from telephone ) will you accept the charge ? Patrick , be look slightly sweaty and dishevel . he 's not wear a shirt and be probably totally naked . patrick yes . intercut between Patrick in he live room of he apartment and Sean in the hallway of Booth . sean Patrick . it 's Sean . patrick I know . sean be this a bad time ? Patrick turn and smile to someone on the other side of the room , behind he . patrick it be , but what 's up ? sean I need to talk . patrick so talk . sean you sound busy . patrick it will wait . sean listen , I be in trouble . patrick so what else be new ? sean no . I mean real trouble . I owe this guy a lot of money . ( pause ) a lot of money . ( continued ) 133 continued : there 's a " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com ( 2 ) patrick another student ? sean no . this fuck scary townie psychopath . patrick drug money ? sean Pat -- patrick drug money ?! sean yes . patrick how much be you into he for ? sean Three thousand . patrick okay . long pause . sean okay ? patrick okay . we ’1ll deal with it . it 's just money . I x11 wire it to you tomorrow morning . sean ( baffle ) that 's all ? no fight ? patrick I be not try to fight you , Sean . you be my brother . what 's important be that you be safe . the last thing I want be for some meth head to chop off you finger over three fuck thousand bone . I ’‘1l send you the cash if you promise I to pay this asshole off and never see he again . and I mean it , Sean . ( continued ) 128. 133 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 129 . 133 continued : ( 3 ) 133 134 135 sean ( stunne ) okay . yeah -- sure . thanks . patrick what be brother for ? now , look , I have get a girl here I need to take care of . why do not we talk next week ? sean okay . patrick okay . bye . sean bye . Patrick hang up the phone and turn to walk back across the other side of the room where a woman 's body , slashed and chop up -- headless -- be lay sprawle out onto the floor like a fall marionette , she intestine yank out and spread onto the floor in front of she . her severe head be lay on a table next to a pair of stanley plier and a heat sungun blowtorch . Patrick , naked , grab she head by a clump of blond hair and walk it across the room toward the corpse ... CUT to : int . booth house - hallway - day 134 Sean stand there at the phone , baffle not at how easy it just be to get the money he need but at how amicable and friendly he brother just be to he . it do not seem normal . sean rock and roll . fade to black : int . leigh house - lauren 's room - night 135 lauren be read from she big book of genital disease when lara walk in . the two be obviously not talk . lara you be not go to be mad at I anymore when I tell you what I be about to tell you . you may even thank I . lauren look up . totally blank expression . ( continued ) 135 136 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 130 . continued : 135 lara I just talk to Claudia . she say that Victor 's back . she see he at the carousel last night . lauren get up off the bed and actually hug lara . CUT to : ext . camden - common - night 136 the leave have fall and the air be cold . a fresh blanket of snow lay on the ground as tiny white speck fill the cold night air . a stark chill have envelop the campus . lauren be walk across campus when suddenly Sean run up to she . sean wait ! wait . he walk alongside of she . she 's ignore he . sean can not we talk ? she do not speak -- look straight ahead . sean I really do try to kill myself . just before I fake it . lauren stop and look at he . lauren it 's over . sean no it 's not . lauren yes it be . I be in love with someone else . Sean be blank . sean who ? lauren my old boyfriend . Victor . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 131. 136 continued : sean Victor ? lauren yes. sean but ... why do you write I then ? he take out the unopen and fold letter . lauren it 's over , Sean . deal with it . sean but , lauren ... I want to know you . lauren what do that mean ? know I ? know I ? no one ever know anyone else . ever . you will never know I . Sean start to tremble , like he 's go to cry . lauren I do not know it would be like this ... or I never would have go down this road . she turn and walk off . Sean watch she leave . he then rip open the letter and start to read it . he feel cold ... dissolve to : 137 ext . camden - common - night Sean be walk across campus . the snow be fall in great quantity and density now , like a kaleidoscope goof - ball drop from the sky . Paul run up from behind . paul look like it 's go to be a cold one . sean ( flat , lifeless ) rock and roll . they walk in silence for a brief moment . ( continued ) 136 137 * 137 continued : " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 132. 137 paul you know , I find myself talk to you when you be not around . just talk . carry on conversation . sean I wish you would not tell I shit like that . it 's creepy . weird I out . paul but , Sean ... I -- sean ( stop he ) listen . do not . I do not want to be with you . you have the wrong idea . paul what do you mean ? I ... want to know you . I want to know who you be . Sean flinch and then turn to Paul . sean ( raise he voice and then let it drop softer ) no one will ever know anyone . we have to deal with each other . you be not ever gonna know I . paul what the hell do that mean ? sean it mean you be not ever gonna know I . figure it out . deal with it . they stand there for a while , look at each other . then , finally , Sean turn and walk away . he walk into the snow . CUT to : 138 int . windham house - hallway - night 138 lauren walk down the hallway until she come to Victor 's room . she compose herself , bridl she excitement , and then knock . lauren you do not know what a drag it be to see you . ( continued ) * " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 133. 138 continued : 138 139 she throw herself on he and start to hug he . Victor look at he friend with a '' who 's this chick ? '' expression . then , from out of the room , come the beautiful french girl . beautiful french girl what 's go on ? victor I do not know . he take lauren by the arm and move she off of he . victor do I know you ? lauren Victor , it 's I . victor oh . well , how be '' you '' ? lauren why have not you call ? victor look , I do not mean to be rude . but I have not the slight idea who you be . I mean -- ( he wipe he hand over he face as if to illustrate a blank ) -- it 's blank . lauren stare at he for a long moment , then to the french girl , and then back at he . she then turn and hurriedly walk away . CUT to : ext . camden - common - post office - night 139 Sean be aimlessly wander through campus . he come to the post office and stare at it . snow be fall all around , and for a moment it seem as though he be lose in negative space . then he stick he tongue out . a single snowflake fall from high in the sky , it drift down , and land gently on the tip of he tongue . it instantly dissolves into a small speck of water -- lose in he mouth . he shut he eye . ( continued ) 139 140 141 142 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 134. continued : 139 alone . and then , like a sudden crack to break the silence , a steel baseball bat slam against Sean 's back -- suck the wind and life out of he for a moment . it make the same sound as a steel pipe slapping against a large rack of beef in a meat locker . it 's rupert and Guest . both of they have baseball bat , and both of they be piss . Sean , he lung knock free of oxygen , stumble to he knee . rupert take that fucker ! you wanna fuck I ?! i’ ' 11 show you who you be fuck with ! sean but I have ... the money , rupert ... my brother wire it ... into ... my account . this seem to only enrage rupert further . rupert what ?! that 's all it take ? you could get it that easily ? you think that 's funny ?! rupert and Guest proceed to beat Sean within a inch of he life . he lay on the wet , snowy ground , powerless to stop they , get beat raw . fade to black : ext . windham house - night 140 it be start to snow and the speck of white dot the blackness of night which shroud the house despite its party within . the end of the world party CUT to : int . windham house - live room - night 141 Sean , with a black eye and a split lip , walk in through the front door and tear up he purple letter . he drop they into a trashcan . he close he eye ... dissolve to : int . windham house - lorna slavin 's room - night 142 freeze frame : lauren be lock in time , freeze in place , get throw up onto by a townie , in lorna slavin 's room . ( continued ) 142 143 144 145 " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 135. continued : 142 she be freeze in a melancholy state , half - in and half - out of reality . she always know it would be like this . dissolve to : int . windham house - the handsome dunce 's room - night 143 freeze frame : Paul too be lock in time . he be be throw off of the bed and about to be kick by the handsome dunce . his look of surprise seem resign , if such a duality could be possible . he always know it would be like this . dissolve to : int . booth house - sean 's room - night 144 freeze frame : Sean , freeze in place , lock in a carnal position he have no feel for , as distant from he body as one could ever get . he always know it would be like this ... fade to black : ext . windham house - night 145 windham house stand in the dark of the storm , the party still audible within ... Paul and lauren come out of the house . it be snow and the white flurry speckles against the darkness of the commons . Paul and lauren lock eye and walk silently next to each other for quite a while before either speak . finally ... lauren how be you , Mr. Denton ? paul Fine . how have you be , Ms. hynde ? lauren okay . paul so ... what be you now ? still ... drama major ? lauren art. well , poetry . well , actually art. um -- paul which be it ? make up you mind . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 136. 145 continued : 145 lauren interdivisional . there 's a long pause as they walk . both of they seem break emotionally . paul he really like you . lauren yeah ? great . that 's great . paul listen . do you put the note in he box ? lauren whose box ? paul I think you be put the note into he box . purple note . Love letter . lauren I do not put note into anyone 's box . paul you do not ? lauren no . it be not I . wrong person . Paul smile . paul then there 's someone else ... someone else . lauren it do not matter anyway . not to people like he . ( after think about it ) not to people like we . then , from the darkness and flurry of snowflake come the unmistakable SOUND of a motorcycle . it come close , until visible as a silhouette in the din of snow . the engine sputter and the cycle skid to a stop . Sean , seat atop the motorcycle , sit there look at Paul and lauren -- half obscure by the fall snow . then he revs the engine and speed off . lauren stand there , empty . ( continued ) " the rule of attraction " www.avary.com 137. 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 146 Paul stand next to she . both of they let the snow fall onto they , like freeze rain , until the SOUND of the motorcycle vanish into the distance ... vanish into the storm . CUT to : ext . road out of camden - moving - night 146 sean's Pov : the single headlamp of the motorcycle illuminate the flurry of fall snow and the immediate stretch of the ice cover road as it speed by underneath . sean ( v.0 . ) I start drive faster as I leave the college behind . I do not know where I be go . someplace unoccupy I hope . at first I think that there be thing about she that I would never forget , but in the end , all I could think about be -- CUT to black : we hear the erasure song '' we will be together again '' over the end credit roll , which by the way begin with the end of the credit roll and roll backwards through the legal , then the crew , then the cast and key until , finally , the studio logo come up . it 's as if the projector be actually running the credit roll backward and up up the screen . suddenly there 's a fluttering to the frame as if the sprocket be tear . the film suddenly break as if snapped free from the leader -- white flickering light strobe on the screen , no film be in the projector ... turn off the projector and close the curtain . at this point the theater employees may enter the theater and clean the floor . the end