the mnuiaay will Stephen sommer second draft February 17 , 2000 for educational purpose only oo™ the universal picture Globe dissolves into a gold disc , emboss with a gold scorpion . the gold disc be the masthead at the top of a banner be carry by a akkadian soldier . six thousand akkadian soldier march with he . nine thousand sumerian soldier be come at they from across the golden dune . behind the sumerian be the massive wall CITY of thebe : palace , temple , needle , -- the work . the Nile run alongside it . ardeth bey ( 0.s . ) six thousand year ago , a fierce warrior know as the scorpion King , lead a great army on a campaign to unite the know world . a powerful fist be thrust into frame , clenching a scimitar , a gold bracelet adorn the warrior 's wrist . muscular , brutal look and heavily scar , this be the scorpion king . the spooky thing about he be that through a strange akkadian tribal ritual , all the skin on he head above he eyebrow bas be remove , expose he bleached skullcap . he bellows a command . he and he soldier charge forward . CUT wide : as both army , fifteen thousand man strong , pour over the golden dune and clash . the scorpion King fight like a man possess . slowly be swallow up in the dust . ardeth bey ( 0.8 . ) the scorpion King and he army be finally defeat by the sumerian and drive deep into the sacred desert of ahm shere . ext . the desert of ahm shere - day the remain of the scorpion King 's decimate army retreat into the desert . ardeth bey ( 0.s . ) for three month they wander the desert , slowly die , until the scorpion King himself be the last man leave alive . alone in the middle of a vast wasteland , the scorpion King crawl on he hand and knee , then he look up into the heaven , raise he fist in anger , and bellows a curse . ardeth bey ( 0.s . ) on death 's door , he make a pact with the great god anubis . of N the scorpion King see a live scorpion crawl towards he . he look back up to the heaven and sneer , then grab the wriggle thing with he bare hand . his face grimace as it sting he . he shove the scorpion into he mouth and chew . ardeth bey ( 0.8 . ) he swore that if anubis would spare he , and let he conquer he enemy , that he would give anubis he soul , and build he a great temple , —a pyramid of gold . suddenly , in a circle around he , -- lush GREEN vegetation spring up out of the sand , then explode out exponentially in every direction . superimposed on the screen be the word : the oasis of ahm shere and then a huge hole open up in the ground in front of he . stair made of sand lead down into a netherworld . grinning malevolently , the scorpion King start down the stair . ext . ancient thebe courtyard — day a decapitate human head roll through frame , follow by a headless man , still twitching . and then a big clawe foot step onto the headless man 's chest . tilt up : to reveal a extremely evil look anubis warrior : from the waist down he have a human exoskeleton cover in striate muscle , from the waist up he 's a hairy anubis -nhead creature . he lift he scimitar and shriek in triumph . _ ardeth bey ( 0.8 ) the next year , the scorpion King storm northward with the Army of anubis . and like a great flood , wash away all that lay before they . CUT wide : thousands of hideous anubis Warrior swarm through the fantastic and sprawling City of thebes , now in ruin . building burn . monument collapse . people scream . superimposed on the screen be the word : egypt - 3,112 b.c . ardeth bey ( 0.8 . ) he defeat he enemy , united all of Egypt , become the first pharaoh , and create a religion that would last for a thousand year . the screen fill with the horrific face of a anubis warrior , he shriek and then dissolves into black sand , revealing : om ext . the temple of thebe - day ancient ruins along the bank of the Nile . desert except for three camel . superimposed on the screen be the word : egypt — 1935 int . egyptian temple — day Inside the temple , dozen of giant pillar rise up from the rock strewn floor to the crack ceiling above . a shaft of dusty sunlight shine in through a doorway . a small figure in a pith helmet enter , hold a torch . the figure move through the pillar and enter a fissure in a far wall . int . catacomb — day we follow the pith helmete figure as he slowly creep through spooky catacomb . the wall be cover in dark hieroglyphics . a scary noise be hear . the figure freeze , then turn around and face we : it 's a adorable little eight - year - old boy . this be alexander o'connell . Alex look around , eye wide . it 's dark and quiet . and then a hand grab he . Alex scream . it 's o'connell , look dash and handsome and wear a sleeveless shirt . o'connell Alex , I tell you to wait up in the temple . alex but dad --! o'connell no '' but '' , it 's dangerous down here . now be good and I 'il get ya something when we get home . alex how about a tattoo ? o'connell no! alex but dad --! o'connell no '' but '' . alex you have a tattoo ! be ne Alex point to a very cool tattoo emblazon across o’connell 's muscular upper right arm : a mariner 's compass point down with falcon 's wing point up , form a pyramid . in the center of the pyramid be the Eye of isis . 0 's connell I tell you , I be only three or four when this thing be slap on I . I do not have a say in it and neither do you . o' connell spin Alex around and gently send he pack . o'connell now back to the temple big guy . and keep you finger off the furniture . int . chamber — day hot coal be brush across ancient engravings chisele into a@ wall : two sexy egyptian princess in hand -to-hand combat . evy be do the brush , look quite sexy herself , have go a bit '' native '' . something hiss . evy look down . next to she foot be a big black snake . she do not even flinch . evy go. away . her foot hook the snake and toss it across the room . o' connell come through the door . evy gesture . evvy watch you head , honey . q’connell it be just Alex . not listen , o’connell smack he head on a low hang beam . he yelp , grab he head and go to sit down . evy do not sit there . o’connell he never listen . not listen , o’connell sit on a rock cover in hot coal . he yelp and leap up . evy just smile at hin . evy I wonder where he get that from ? o' connell give she a forlorn look with he puppy dog eye . o'connell why can not we have normal vacation like other family ? ext . temple — day four evil looking character ride up on horse and dismount , the two british men draw they gun ; the two arab whip out they scimitar . this be red , spivey , abdul , and muhammad . int . temple — day Inside the temple , next to a large gather of ancient artifact , Alex be building some sort of strange contraption out of bamboo shoot , mummy wrapping , and rotted bone . alex no sword . no scimitar . no bow and arrow . how 's a kid suppose to have any fun around here ? he 's also keep a eye on some rat off in the corner . suddenly , voice be hear . frightened , Alex look around , he spot a forty foot high wooden scaffolding . he quickly scurries over and start to climb up . at the top , Alex bellycrawl across it and look down over the other side : Red , spivey , Abdul , and Muhammad enter the temple , slow and easy . gun and scimitar up . Real professional . a truly vicious look crew . Alex 's eye widen in fear . Muhammad head for the fissure in the wall . Red turn to he . red do not light it until I yell at ya . Muhammad nod and slip into the fissure . spivey have be stare at Alex 's contraption . Inside it , a piece of cheese sit on a plate . spivey grab the cheese . the contraption goe CFF . a bamboo shoot slap down hard onto spivey 's hand , --thwack !! it 's a rat trap . we CUT away on spivey 's scream . int . temple mummy chamber ~ day wham ! a huge slab hit the ground . tarantulas and scorpion flee . poison asp hiss . the room be fill with creepy half - eat mummy . o’ connell hold a pry bar . o’ connell ~all I be sayin 's be maybe it 's time to be normal . you know , normal mom , normal dad , regular everyday folk ? ' evy gesture at the creepy , infest room , incredulous . evy and give up all of this !? her hand whip through cobweb , which stick to she finger , she try to wipe they off as o’connell enter the room . o*’ connell remind I again why you have be so obsessed with come here ? evy ever since I have that dream , this place be all I can think of . I feel like I have be here . ~ I know I have be here . o'connell evy , nobody 's be here , not in over three thousand year . evy grab a torch holder on the wall and pull it . a hide trap door suddenly open , revealing a secret passage . evvy then how do I seem to know exactly where I be go ? int . temple - day up on the scaffolding : Alex quietly reach back into he rucksack and withdraw a wrist- rocket - style sling shot . down below : Red , spivey , and Abdul be viciously ransack the artifact , clearly look for something . red it be not ‘ere , dammit , it be not ‘ere ! spivey maybe they be not find it yet . a rock thwacks spivey in the head . he scream . Red and Abdul nearly jump out of they pants . red / abdul what !? what !? spivey something hit I ! they all look around , suspicious . int . catacomb — day muhammed creep up to the~hole that o’connell just create . he pull out several tightly wrap stick of dynamite . int . priest chamber — day O'Connell step into a dark chamber . o'connell - maybe it 's you ancestor call . yer half egyptian , maybe it 's some sorta primal thing . evy stick she torch into the room and pan it around . as the torch pass in front of camera the screen flash and we be i four thousand year : the room now look gloriously new and utterly fantastic . on the far wall , a egyptian princess come out of a door . we do not see she face , but we catch a glimpse inside the room : two huge spooky warrior stand on either side of a ornate chest . the princess shut the door and turn a sundial on it 's face : twice to the right , once to the leave , lock it . she start to leave . o' connell walk through she . the screen flash . the chamber be ancient and dark once again . o’ connell step up to the door . he do not see any of it . o’ connell allow I . he slam the prybar into the door seam and start pry . evy wave she torch around , try to get that flashback thing to happen again , look a bit wigge - out . o’ connell see it in she eye , he stop pry , concerned . o'connell another one of that .. , vision ? 's evy quickly cover with a smile . evy it 's nothing , really . o’ connell what do you mean it 's nothing ? C ’mon evy , this 's be goin 's on for nine year . evy just nod , a bit conceren herself . evy yes , ever since we leave hamunaptra . | l o’ connell start pry again , grunt and groan . o'connell it 's like goin 's there trigger some ancient memory or somethin’ . evy grab the sundial ; turn it twice to the right , once to the leave . the door open . she give o‘ connell a nervous look . evy I think perhaps the answer lie on the other side of this door . int . temple - day spivey bend over to look into a sack fill with trinket . up on the scaffolding : Alex fire the sling shot and duck . spivey grab he ass and leap up scream . spivey oh my GOD that hurt ! again , Red and Abdul scan the temple suspiciously . int . catacomb - day Muhammad jimmy the stick of dynamite into the wall . int . chest chamber — day evy and O'Connell slowly creep into the chamber . evy turn to she leave , --a soldier mummy be stand right next to her . evy scream and jump back . o’ connell instantly leap forward and swing he pry bar , decapitate the mummify soldier mummy . it 's head ricochet off the wall . evy step up with she torch to reveal that there be actually two soldier mummy , the same spooky warrior we see in she vision , now mummify , stand guard on either side of the same ornate chest , now cover in spiderweb . the gold disc from the first shot of the movie sit on top of the chest . evy oh my god , the scorpion King . o’connell bad guy ? evy the worst . evy kneel down and start analyze the chest . evy but he 's always be consider a myth . no trace of he have ever be find , no artifact , no writings ... o' connell try to get she pump up . o'connell this be the perfect cap to you career . the final feather in you hat ! you will be the toast of the bembridge Scholars ! now we can finally settle down . evy give he a wither look . o’ connell just sigh heavily . o’ connell can not blame a guy for try . he spit into both of he palm for leverage and grab the pry bar . evy grimace . evy that 's attractive . o’ connell slam the pry bar into the seam of the chest . int . temple — day Alex fire the sling shot . Abdul spin around and grab the rock right out of the air , thwap ! two inch behind spivey 's head . and he catch eye with Alex before Alex can duck . Abdul open he fist . spivey and Red see the rock in he palm . Abdul close he fist and crush the rock to powder . abdul I all take care of this . he pull out he scimitar , -~-shing ! Alex 's eye widen . he start back off down the scaffold . Red walk forward , : inf " of the fi  . red we be gonna get you now ! int . catacomb — day Muhammad be hold a lighter as Red 's voice echoes in : red ( 0.8 . ) now ! now ! . now ! — now ! Muhammad light the dynamite fuse and haul - ass . i int . temple library — day i evy step up to the :headless soldier mummy . a key dangle : from a gold chain around it 's neck . evy rip it off . i o’connell be still pry away at the chest when evy stick the key into it and unlock it . o’ connell give she a look . o'connell ya know , we do not always hafta do thing the easy way . evy open the chest . cradle inside it be the same thick gold bracelet we see on the scorpion King 's wrist . the bracelet be silose tight . int . temple — day Abdul 's scimitar be clench between he tooth as he climb up the scaffold . Alex slowly back down to the edge of it , he look around , there 's nowhere else to go . Abdul be almost to the top . and that 's when Muhammad come run in . muhammad gol go ! go ! the dynamite ! it 's go to blow ! red what be you talkin’ ' bout !? we be not find it yet ! muhammad I hear you yell ! spivey get back there and pull the fuse ! muhammad it 's too late ! it 's too late ! Abdul look down to see he three buddy sprinting out of the temple , he give a quick look at the terrify little boy , snarl at he , then slide all the way down to the floor . at the bottom , Abdul kick a balance board out from under the scaffold . the scaffold immediately begin to rock and sway . so do Alex . Abdul run out of the temple . int . catacomb — day the dynamite explode . rock and boulder fly . and then raging water come blasting through the hole . o™ 58 int . sacred chamber — day o' connell and evy be almost blow off they foot . they look at each other , panicked . o’connell / evy Alex . o' connell quickly throw the disc into the chest , slam it shut , shove it into he rucksack , sling the rucksack areund he shoulder , grab evy 's hand and run like hell . int . temple — day the scaffold be swaying wildly . Alex be still on he foot at the top , desperately try to maintain he balance . int . library — day o' connell and evy run out of a tunnel and jag leave . a massive geyser of water blast out behind they . they find themselves trap at a dead end , overlook a deep chasm , it 's wall fill with thousand of shelf pack with papyrus scroll . evy oh my god ! it 's the Library of Alexandria ! it 's beautiful ! it 's magnificent ! 0 's connell it 's in we way . O'Connell rip out a grapple hook from inside he rucksack . he start to swing it . evy be ecstatic over the find . evy it 's the eighth wonder of the world ! massive blast of water suddenly gush out of every door and crevice in the place . destroy everything . o’ connell not anymore . o' connell throw the grapple hook over a beam , grab evy around the waist and jump . the two of they swing across the deep chasm , which be be blasted by geyser of water . they make it to the other side and race into a open fissure . int . temple — day the scaffold : slam into a huge pillar . the pillar start to fall . the scaffold start to collapse . Alex leap off the collapse scaffold and onto the fall pillar . 12 int . antechamber — day o’ connell and evy be sweep off they foot by a torrent of raging water . they get trap in a small chamber which be fill up quick . O'Connell rip a pick out of he rucksack and start pick away , try to smash he way out . int . temple — day Alex slide down the fall pillar and out of frame . the fall pillar slam into the next pillar , which fall and slam into the next pillar , and onward it go . the camera pan 360 degree with the fall pillar as they all domino . the camera end on Alex just as he rise to he foot . he leok around at the completely destroy temple , stunne . alex oops . int . antechamber — day the chamber be almost completely fill . the air be almost go . o' connell look at evy . evy look at o0 's connell . both desperate . he eye . eye . the water swallows they up . int . temple - day Alex hear a noise and look up . the last pillar have not completely fall , it 's stick on a beam and slowly slip . Alex race over to the massive pillar and push with all he might , try to stop it from fall . David versus goliath . int . antechamber — day under the swirling water : O'Connell and evy wrap they arm around each other and hug tight . int . temple - day Alex lose the fight . the giant pillar fall and crash right through a hieroglyph wall , -- a huge gush of water explode out from the new hole in the wall . evy and o’connell be pour out through the hole and throw across the floor . they slide up next to Alex , gasp for air , exhaust and stunne . Alex look down at he parent , then around at the huge mess that be once the beautiful temple , then he look back down at he parent , terrify . alex mom. dad . Count to ten. mom , 13 ext . desert dig site — night floodlights sweep across a large desert dig site , pick up glimpsis . of .. ancient.ruin , a fleet of 1930 's truck and bulldozer , and over a hundre native digger . fifty heavily armed arab men in black turban and long robe be spread out and keep a eye on the digger and the dark desert beyond . superimposed on the screen be the word : bamuhaptra — CITY of the dead ext . OPEN tent — night the black book of the dead slam down onto a dusty table . lock ~ nah ( 0.8 . ) the Book of the Dead give life . the gold book of amun RA be slam down next to it . lock - nah the Book of the live take it away . a gorgeous , sultry , young woman with long black hair and tight fitte khakis blow dust off the book . this be meela . she look up at a tall , spaoky look man wear a red turban . this be lock - nah . meela give he a evil smile . meela we be get close . ext . sand pit — night down inside a nearby sand pit , a group of digger work away . stare down from above be a very pious appear fellow with a evil edge . this be the high priest . he turn as a land rover pull up out of the darkness . Red and spivey jump out . the High Priest be too excited to notice they nervous look . high . priest do you acquire it !? before they can even answer the ground suddenly shake . Red , spivey and the High Priest stop in they track . the ground shake again . more violent now . closer . the digger in the pit look around , wide - eye . then something familiar happen : a mound of sand begins to rise up out of the bottom of the pit . the digger stare at it , transfix . and then the mound burst OPEN and a thousand scarab explode up out of it . 14 the digger scream in terror and frantically try to scramble up out of the sandy pit , grasp for purchase , leg and hand churn away in the sand , they progress nightmarishly slow . the sweeping . floodlights make it all the more kinetic and creepy . and then the hideous bug overtake the scream digger and start eat they alive . Red and spivey freak out and scramble back up into they jeep . the High Priest just grin . int . tent — night hear the horrible scream , meela calmly look at lock - Nah . '' meela we be get very close . ext . sand pit ~— night a digger stumble up out of the pit , multiple scarab be crawling under he skin . Red and spivey scream . the digger open he mouth , --scarabs pour out of it . Red and spivey scream louder . Men in black turban race forward , use flame-thrower to chase the chitter scarab back into the pit . behind they , man in red turban begin to shout with excitement and point to a large crane swiveling over some ruin ; a big rock hang from its claw . the High Priest see this and be completely elate and distract , he quickly scurries off for the crane . high priest we find he ! we find he ! meela and lock - Nah stride out of the tent , follow by two red turbane man , each carry one of the book . a servant bow for meela and open the back door to a créme color roll royce convertible . meela dismiss he offhand , then stop near the pit and grab the gold book . meela they use this book to condemn imhotep , correct ? lock - nah that be so . meela it be the only thing that can harm he , yes ? lock - nah yes . meela fling the. gold book into the pit . we hear scarab chitter from below as they scurry out of it 's way . meela and lock - Nah continue on . Red and spivey slide out of the jeep . spivey do you see that !? that book be make of gold ! pure gold ! Red be still shake , he wipe the sweat off he brow and sarcastically gesture into the pit . red feel free . spivey stare at the pit , greedily lick he lip . a bulldozer shove a mound of sand into it . scarab chitter wildly as they be bury . spivey and Red shiver in disgust . the High Priest , meela and lock - Nah stride up to the crane just as the claw set the big rock down . mold inside the reck be a horribly deform petrified corpse . a nightmare in stone . the High Priest grin . high priest imhotep . with a devious smile , meela caress the corpse 's cheek . leck - Nah lift up a large black urn cover in hieratic . lock -na now we must raise that who serve he . the High Priest nod , then turn as Red and spivey walk up . high priest the bracelet ! give I the bracelet . red we , uh , miss we chance . meela and lock - Nah be stunne . the High Priest be furious . high priest I need that bracelet . meela gently touch he shoulder . meela I tell you lock - Nah and I should have handle it . 16 high priest — I do not want you . ( pause ) ~~ . «past history , to cloud the issue . spivey try to be reassure . spivey do not worry , we know where it be , we will take care of it . high priest no . we all take care of it . ( give they a creepy grin ) I have a different chore for you now . meela scowl at Red and spivey . meela what happen to the o’connell 's ? do you at least kill the woman , as I ask ? red no , they escape . meela where be they !? spivey they be head back home - ~ ( finally notice the corpse ) -- to ... London . Red and spivey stare at the corpse , a bit creepe out . lock - Nah whisper to the High Priest . lock - nah London be also where the scepter of osiris reside . the High Priest give lock - Nah and meela a very ominous look . high priest then London be where we must go . ext . london — day high angle of 1933 london : Big Ben , the House of commons , and the river Thames twinkle under Tower Bridge . thick dark thunderhead be roll in , tear by flash of lightning . evy ( 0.8 . ) } that bracelet , I believe , be a legend , a map , of some sort , to the lose Oasis of ahm shere . ext . belgravia — day we pan down the gorgeous white townhome of belgravia until we see O'Connell through some huge bay window , carry suitcase and head into they library . o'connell evy , I know what you think and the answer be '' no '' . we just get home . we have not even unpack . evy pass in front of the library window . evy that 's the beauty of it , we be already pack ! int . o'connell home library — day the o’connell library be a eccentric , dishevel , private museum , two storey high , fill with ton of book and lot ancient artifact . o’ connell drop the suitcase . '' 's connell evy ! evy it 's just a oasis , dear , a beautiful oasis . o’connell right , palm tree , cool water , cozy beach , what 's the catch ? there 's always a catch . Alex stagger under the weight of the scorpion King chest . alex ugh ! this sucker weigh a god-dang ton ! evelyn ( scolding ) Alex ! alex ( posh English ) Rather weighty , this . 17 evy hustle around the library , gather book and papers . evy the ancient believe ahm shere be where the evil Army of anubis await the order to destroy mankind . o' connell be right behind she . o'connell evil army ? evy they be command by a vicious warrior know as the scorpion King . o’ connell vicious warrior ? see , I know there be a catch . evy it 's write , that the scorpion King await a challenger , one who may defeat he and wrest control of this army . if the victor be good , the earth be save -- ext . o'connell townhome — day 18 a limousine pull up and stop . the two sinister men up front wear red turban . they look up at evy in the library window . evy -- but if the victor be evil , he shall destroy mankind . in the back of the limo be four more men . lock - Nah roll down the window and stick a pair of binoculars to he eye . binocular Pov : Alex cross the bay window lug the chest . alex tell he about the gold pyramid ! a single block of it would be worth a bloody fortune ! o’connell / evy alex ! int . o'connell library — day Alex set the chest down and look at he dad , confuse . o™ 19 what ?! '' bloody '' fortune , '' God -dang '' fortune ? whose language be I suppose : to speak ? hers or yours ? evy shake she head and continue on . evy he 's incorrigible . o’ connell head after she , point a finger at Alex . o*’connell and I be gonna give you that tattoo . alex yeah , right . evy climb up the spiral stair to the book~filled balcony . evy in 2,400 b.c. , ramse V dispatch the last know expedition to ahm shere , which include more than a thousand armed man . of 's connell be hot on she heel . o’connell do not tell I , none of they be ever see again , right ? evy neither be the oasis , whose exact location be lose to the sand of time . . o’ connell I be think it should stay that way . evy Alexander the great send troops in search of it . o'connell evy . evy so do caesar . o’connell evy ! evy and napoleon ! o’ connell ew ! startle , evy look at he , she next sentence peter off . evy none of they wever — return .. o'connell and chance be , neither would we . Alex hear a loud click come from inside the chest . surprise , he look at it , then pull the key out of he pocket and start to open the chest . up in the balcony : O'Connell step up close to evy . o* connell evy , the other day we be that close to buy the farm . evy why would we buy a farm ? o'connell die . we almost die . evy oh thank goodness , I have rather die than buy a farm . Alex open the chest , inside it the bracelet be now OPEN . Alex stare at it , then sneak a look up at he parent . o'connell if we die , who would raise Alex ? Jonathan ? evy oh my God . o*’ connell exactly . Alex roll up he jacket sleeve and set he wrist into the open bracelet . it suddenly snap shut . Alex 's eye fly open in surprise . he leap back , stare at the bracelet . up above : o’connell take evy in he arm . 21 o’connell when I first fall for you , I want to hang up my gun right then , but you be just find you wing , so I figure a few more adventure would not kill I . well , . the last one almost do . and then something mystical happen around Alex : the area around he fill with a strange , three dimensional vision of the giza plateau : three pyramid , one sphinx . all brand new . up on the balcony : O'Connell and evy be oblivious to it . o*’ connell evy , I have be riding hard since I be five year old , hell , I join the foreign legion just so I could get some free room and board . evy stare up into o’connell 's eye . he look tired and beat . and then Alex 's vision race down the Nile and across the desert . stop at the temple of karnac , circa 2000 b.c. , then it dissipate and vanish . Alex just stare at the bracelet on he wrist , wide - eye . evy hug o’connell tight . evy wellll , the bembridge Scholars dave be begging I to run the british Library . she smile . o' connell grin . they start to kiss , gently . Alex rattles he head , then frantically start fumble with the bracelet , try to get it off ; there 's no clasp or hasp , it almost look fuse shut . o’ connell start down the stair . o’ connell I be go to run over to Jonathan 's , get my car back . ( he head out the door ) Alex ! behave yourself for a few minute will ya ! Alex quickly roll he sleeve down over the bracelet and slam the chest shut . alex you bet ! evy start down the stair . Alex pick up the chest , it 's light , he quickly set it down , key it open , grab a heavy vase off a table , shove it into the chest and slam it shut again . evy round the bookcase and ruffle Alex 's hair . evy you ready to settle down for a bit , my little man ? he give she a big innocent smile . alex hey , if you guy be happy , itm happy . int . limousine — belgravia — dusk the limousine be now empty except for the two man up front , watch o’connell walk east down belgravia road . the Driver start the engine . and that 's when a taxi pull up from the west and stop . the rear door open . a great pair of camel skin boot step out . it 's ardeth bey , still dark and handsome . he 's hold a bouquet of flowers . his gorgeous eye scan the street . int . limousine — dusk the two Red turban in the limousine see he and duck down , look shocked . one of they whisper to the other : turban medjai ! ext . pembridge STREET - dusk o * connell round a corner and come to a dead stop . he rolis he eye and shake he head . o’connell no . it have not grow on I . he stare up at a incredibly gaudy build ; the garish flashing neon light say it all : jonathan 's! egyptian casino int . bedroom — dusk a ekinny white guy , wear only boxer short and knee-high black sock , leap out of a bathroom , pirouettes in mid-air , slide across the wooden floor and skid to a stop with he arm raise high . it 's jonathan . : jonathan ta-daaaa ! the High Priest and four vicious Men in red turban stand inside the room stare at he . Jonathan turn a shade redder than they turban , then look at the High Priest . jonathan you nre not Sheila 's father be you ? high priest no . jonathan well uh , thank goodness for that ! high priest we ask '' Sheila '' to step out . jonathan ah ! I see . the Men start move in on hin . jonathan or maybe I do not . the man grab he and pull he down into a overstuff chair . high priest we be look for the scepter of osiris . jonathan good ! good for you ! good thing to have , the old scepter of osiris ! high priest where be it ? jonathan ah ! you be look bere , for the , uh , scepter . I see , well , I have no idea what you be talk about . the high priest you take it from hamunaptra . we be tell that it never leave you side , that you carry it around like some pompous prince . one of the man stick a knife under Jonathan 's throat . jonathan maybe if you give I a description ? NY high priest it be exactly this long , make of pure gold , cap with a perfectly round black amethyst and adorn with a cartouche of the thirteen god of ancient Egypt . jonathan could you be a trifle more specific ? the knife dig into Jonathan 's throat . jonathan I lose it in a card game !! high priest for you sake , I hope not . meela step out of the shadow , dress to the nine , gold and diamond glitter across she silky skin . she hold a wooden BOX in one hand and seductively caress Jonathan 's cheek with the other . meela hello . Jonathan get a little excited . jonathan well hello there . meela set the box on a nightstand , then open it and stare inside . her hand suddenly blur into the box and pulis out a poisonous asp by the neck . Jonathan wither . meela smile . meela egyptian asp be quite poisonous , but the venom tend to work very slowly , very painfully . meela and she asp head for Jonathan , the asp hiss and struggle , really piss - off . meela most man , when bitten , beg to be put out of they misery long before the poison take full effect . jonathan upstair ! in my office ! there 's a@ safe . it 's behind a rather flatter painting of I . the combination be 3- 20 - 58 . i i 5 meela start to stick the asp up to Jonathan 's neck , he eye bulge out of he head . jonathan hey ! wait ! I tell you ! I told you ! meela and you point be ? jonathan my point js I tell you so you would not kill I ! meela when do we make that arrangement ? she squeeze the asp 's neck . it 's jaw open , revealing sharp fang . Jonathan start to scream . and that 's when the door be kicked OPEN and o’connell step in . meela , the High Priest and all the turban spin around . o’ connell just nod . o'connell howdy . there 's a tense moment as the bad guy try and decide what to do . o’ connell sigh heavily , not really up for a fight . o'connell okay folk , know Jonathan , I be sure he deserve whatever you be about to do to he . jonathan ( sarcastic ) thank you , thank you ever so much . o'connell but he 's my brother - in - law and my wife would kill I if I let you do it , sooo . meela suddenly throw the asp at O'Connell . o' connell snatch it right out of the air , hold it by it 's neck . o' connell look into meela 's gorgeous eye . o’connell Nice asp . everything happens at once : turban # 1 let go of Jonathan and draw a pistol . o’ connell throw the asp at he , which tangles around he '' hand . the man scream and flaiis with the snake . the snake bite he face . the man scream louder . turban # 2 pull the knife away from Jonathan 's neck . Jonathan immediately throw himself backwards , the chair topple over and spill Jonathan ' onto 's the floor . turban # 2 fling the knife at O'Connell . o’ connell snatch it out of the air . fling it right back at he , impale he in the chest . he fall to the floor in front of Jonathan , who do not even slow down , just crawl right up and over the dead guy . meela and the High Priest back away as o’connell head for Jonathan , who be quickly crawl for the bathroom . o'connell time to go , Jonathan . jonathan i.have to go to the bathroom . o'connell you can hold it . jonathan no I can not ! Jonathan scramble into the bathroom . o' connell can not believe this , he force a smile at meela and the High Priest . meela 's eye swivel , look behind o’connell . o’ connell see it and immediately dive out of the way just as turban # 4 stride through the bedroom door and open up with a machine - gun . the radiator be hit , steam shoot out , clouding the room . o’ connell hit the floor , roll into the bathrooom , pop up onto he foot and slam the door shut . int . bathroom — dusk Jonathan scoops up he clothes and the scepter of osiris ; a thick , short , rather innocuous look gold scepter . jonathan this be what they be look for ! must be worth more than I think ! o'connell be you crazy !? the bathroom door be suddenly ripped apart by machine - gun fire . O'Connell and Jonathan duck . o'connell who the hell be this guy ! the bullet rip through the door and tear the far wall apart . jonathan I do not know ! I have not do anything to anybody ! o’ connell run full bore at the far wall and crash through it . Jonathan tight on he tail . jonathan lately . int . o'connell townhome - dusk evy be frisk Alex , look for something as the doorbell chime in the background . evy just a moment ! ~ now where be that key , Alex ? I want to see that bracelet . alex ( tie ) . I lose it ! but it 's somewhere ! I will find it . do not worry . just go do something and 1/11 find it . the doorbell chime again . evy just a moment ! Alex , sometimes you can be so exasperate . evy give up on Alex and start to head across the room . Alex quickly grab the chest and start to sneak off behind she . lock - Nah suddenly step into the room right in front of Alex . lock - nah give I that chest . Alex skid to a stop , shocked . evy spin around . : evy who be you ? what be you do in here ? get out ! lock - nah the chest ! give it to I now ! evy quickly grab a big Roman sword off the wall . evy I x11 give you something , alright . Alex can not believe what he 's see . o™ lo alex ~ whoa , Mom , maybe not the best idea . and then three more red turban step out behind lock - Nah , carry scimitar . Alex swallow hard . alex definitely not the best idea . lock - nah now we will kill you and take it anyway . ardeth bey ( 0.8 . ) i. think not . all eye go to ardeth bey , who glide up next to evy . ardeth bey I hope you do not mind , I let myself in . it 's obvious evy have not see he in a long time . . evelyn & ardeth ?? lock - Nah give he a hard stare . lock - nah ardeth bey . ardeth bey look at lock - Nah , then pull a sword out of the bouquet and let the flower drop to the floor . : ardeth bey lock -nah . lock - Nah and he man charge forward . ardeth bey and evy parry they biow . ardeth bey take on lock - Nah and another guy . amazingly , evy go sword - to-sword with the other two , lunging , thrusting , feinting and parrying like a pro . Alex dodge out of the way with the chest , he can not believe it . alex wow ! mum ! when do you learn to do that ? evy can not believe it either . evelyn oo I have no idea . one of the turban slam evy up against a wall . he lean forward and laugh with rotted yellow tooth . evy cringe , then knee he in - the-balls , he scream and bend over , she knee he in the face , he yelp and pop back up , she deck he with a right hook . he go down and out . evelyn that , I learn from you father . another turban guy charge forward . evy parry and feint . int . casino — niget q’connell and Jonathan explode through a plate glass window up on the casino 's second floor balcony . they hit the floor run and crash right through the wooden railing . O'Connell drop down onto a stage fill with gorgeous bellydancers . the dancer all scream and run . o’connell leap off the stage and find himself under a big central staircase face a huge guy in a red turban . the guy rip a FIRE axe off the wall and swing it at o’connell . o’ connell leap out of the way . the axe smashes through a support beam , tear it clean off . o' connell look up . there 's only one more beam hold the staircase up . Jonathan dangle from a huge chandelier ringed with dozen of tiny kerosene lamp . turban # 4 with the machine - gun step out and aim it at Jonathan . and that 's when several of the chain hold the chandelier to the ceiling break loose . the Machine - gunner open FIRE as Jonathan and the chandelier swing down and across the casino and crash into the liquor shelve above the bar . the liquor catch FIRE . whoosh ! the entire side of the casino go up . whiskey bottle explode like molotov cocktail . everyone be running and scream . O'Connell shuck and jive away from the guy swinging the axe , and at the same time he 's piledrive he fist into the big guy 's face and stomach . Jonathan crouch -run behind the bar , still hold the scepter of osiris . the Machine - gunner start down the staircase , spraying the bar with machine - gun FIRE . Jonathan be suddenly trap in a corner . o' connell back into the last support beam , it look like he 's trap as well . the big guy smile and swing the axe . o' connell duck . the axe cut the beam in two . 0 's connell dive out of the way . the big guy look up as the entire staircase crash down on he , take the Machine - gunner along with it . o' connell dash for Jonathan . of g int . o’connell library — night i the library be get trash as the battie rage . still hold the chest , Alex slam he body against a bookshelf . it topples over and crush one of the turban guy . another i guy xun up and grab a handle on the chest . he and Alex start have a tug-of - war . the guy finally rip the chest away . ardeth bey leap over and skewer he . the guy drop the chest . ardeth bey yell at evy as lock - Nah attack he . ardeth bey what 's in the chest !? evy knock another turban guy into a big glass case which topples over and smashes to smithereen . evelyn a bracelet ! belong to the scorpion King ! ardeth bey be shocked . ardeth bey you have the bracelet !? get it ! get it now and get out of here ! evy but --{ ardeth bey ~- now ! they must not get the bracelet ! evy drop she sword and pick up the chest . and that 's when a huge mountain of flesh wear a red turban roar out of the shadow , scoops evy up and tear through a side curtain . this distract ardeth bey . lock - Nah slice he across the arm . ardeth bey tumble back over a display case . then lock ~ Nah see Alex sit up against a far wall . he throws he scimitar . it whip end - over - end across the room . Alex dodge leave just as the scimitar slam into the wall , two inch from he head . lock - Nah race out through the curtain . ext . casino — night it 's pouring rain as o’connell and Jonathan sprint down the street , accompany by the SOUND of onrush FIRE engine . behind they , the casino be engulfed in flame . jonathan that casino be everything I have ! all I have get leave be this bloody gold stick ! co™ '' 31 they come racing around a corner , head for the o ' connell townhome . ihe limousine almost run they sow ! o’ connell tackle Jonathan out of the way just in time . they both hit the pavement and roll . -- o’ connell see evy inside the limousine , surround by the guy in red turban . the limo careen around the corner and vanish . Alex run up . alex dad ! dad ! O'Connell leap to he foot as Alex run into he arm . O'Connell hug he tight , then he see ardeth bey come . o'connell ardeth bey ?? then something dawns on he and he grit he tooth in anger . 0 's connell do not tell I . ardeth bey stride up . ardeth bey yes , once again someone have remove imhotep from he grave . o' connell shake he head . Jonathan be incredulous . jonathan I do not mean to point finger , but be not it you job to make sure that this do not happen ? ardeth bey he be well hide under the ruin of hamunaptra . but the woman who be with they , she know exactly where to look . o’ connell just like evy know exactly where to find that bracelet . . ardeth bey that bracelet be what they be after . Alex roll up he sleeve to reveal the bracelet . alex well they do not get it . 32 ardeth bey be shocked , he gently grab Alex 's wrist and check out the bracelet . Alex be very excited . when I put it on , I see a mirage , the pyramid at giza , then whoosh ! across the desert to karnac . o'connell ( scolding he ) we will talk about this later . ( then to ardeth bey ) you have any idea where this guy go ? ardeth bey that be why I come to seek you out . we trace they here to London , then we lose then . he pull out a photograph of the High Priest . ardete bey but wherever this man be , imhotep and you wife will surely be . Alex rip the photo away and stare at it . alex I know he ! he 's the assistant curator at the british museum . ardeth bey be you certain ? o' connell grab Alex 's hand , already on the move . o'connell trust he . he spend more time in that museum than he do at home . ext . london street — night lightning flash across a mint condition roll royce Silver shadow as it race through the street of London . int . roll royce — night o' connell be at the wheel . ardeth bey be in the front passenger 's seat , he look over and see o’connell 's tattoo , partially stick out of he roll - up shirt sleeve . ardeth bey look very surprised . 33 ardeth bey O'Connell , if I say to you : '' I be a stranger travel from the east , seek that which be lose ... '' o' connell be stunne , then confuse , he stare out through the rain whipped windshield , he mind racing back in time . o'connell I would reply .. : '' I be a stranger travel from the west , it be < whom you seek . '' ardeth bey '' then we shall meet in the circle . '' o'connell '' for the sake of the widow 's son . " o' connell look at ardeth bey , blow away , as if in a dream . oq 's connell my father teach I that . it 's one of my first memory , my only recollection of he . I never know what it mean . ardeth bey it mean , my friend , that you be a masonic templar . he roll up he own sleeve , to reveal a identical tattoo . ardeth bey a '' medjai* , like myself . Alex lean forward from the back seat , very excited . alex wow look at that ! what 's a masonic templar , dad ? o'connell ~ it 's a ancient secret society , Alex . ardeth bey dedicate to the Brotherhood of man . under the all see eye of God . Alex turn to Jonathan , very excited . alex my dad 's a ancient warrior ! Jonathan poke at o’connell 's tattoo . jonathan what 's a job like that pay ? o' connell swat Jonathan 's hand away . o'connell I be not a templar . some joker slap this tattoo on I when I be put in the orphanage in Hong Kong . ardeth bey it be not a tattoo , but a precise brand , there be only one print of it in all the world . it would only have be give to a medjai father to place on he son . o’ connell all I remember , be that it hurt like hell . alex when you nre a templar , whaddaya get to do ? ardeth bey you fate be to be a protector of man , you destiny , to fight evil , always . o' connell look dubious . o’connell sound great . ardeth bey it be in the blood , pass down from generation to generation , from father to son . Alex look elate . alex sound really great ! that mean </ m gonna get a tattoo ! 0 's connell you be get go to get a tattoo . 35 xt . british museum — night the roll skid to a stop in front of the british museum . it 's late , and there 's not a soul in sight . thunder rumble . int . roll royce — night ardeth bey turn to Alex in the back seat , smile kindly . ardeth bey to earn you brand , you must perform a feat which be both brave and wise . o’ connell play along . o'connell that 's right , Alex , so I want you to stay here and protect the car . Jonathan quickly raise he hand . jonathan I could do that . Alex give he dad a very sarcastic look . alex '' protect '' the car . C ’mon dad , just because I be eight , do not mean I be stupid . o' connell grin and ruffle he son 's hair . Jonathan give Alex a forlorn look . jonathan if you see someone come run out scream , it 's just I . 0 's connell ' Jonathan , maybe you should ' stay here with Alex . jonathan now you be think ! ext . roll royce — night O'Connell pop open the trunk . his gunnysack lie inside . he throw it open . revealing pistol , a pump shotgun , a submachine - gun , and other weaponry . o’ connell give ardeth bey a hard look . 36 o’connell my parent abandon I . ardeth bey no templar would ever abandon he child . he must have be kill , you father . he would have gladly give he life for you . as you would for you child . this seem to give o’connell strength . he slowly grin , then reach into the gunnysack with both hand and rip out the shotgun and machine - gun . lightning flash across he face . o'connell let 's do it . int . british museum storage warehouse — night in the bowel of the museum be a huge storage area . in the midst of all the giant crate and box , ancient , pillar and statuary , a sacred ceremony be be perform : the High Priest , lock - Nah and all they Men be now painted : gold and wearing priestly garb . torch light the scene as they chant in a circle around the horrific petrify rock . evy be groggy , but start to wake . she see she situation : she 's lie on top of a sarcophagus lid with she hand and foot tie together . then she look over and see imhotep 's petrified corpse stick in the rock . she can not believe it . evy imhotep . int . egyptian gallery — night lightning flash through a skylight down onto o’connell and ardeth bey , gun up , quietly creep through the museumn 's egyptian Gallery . they can hear the distant chanting . int . british museum basement warehouse — night imhotep 's petrify corpse suddenly shudder as the High Priest read from the black Book of the Dead . high priest ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) rise up ! rise up ! rise uuuup ! int . egyptian gallery — night o’connell and ardeth bey creep alongside a ancient coffin . A. rotted mummy suddenly rise up inside it . accompany by roaring thunder and a flash of lightaing . | — _ 37 o’ connell and ardeth bey both scream , whip they gun around and back up against a glass case . another mummy slap it 's face up against . the glass behind they . o’ connell and ardeth bey quickly back away as all the mummy in the room squirm and writhe inside they case , try in vain to break out . int . british museum basement warehouse — night the chanting and reading of the Book reach a crescendo . lightning flash across imhotep 's petrify corpse , which start to come alive . his petrify tissue begin to animate . his tatter flesh and rotted bone begin to move . the High Priest and lock - Nah be thrilled . evy be horrify . imhotep 's rotted corpse step free of the rock . the Priests stop chanting and prostrate themselves before he . imhotep look around with hideous empty eye socket , they suddenly fix onto something . evy turn to see what it be . it 's meela , stride down a corridor . the screen flash . and meela be now stride through pharaoh 's palace wear little but paint from head to toe , --gshe 's really anck -sunbmun . anck step up to imhotep , who look more muscular and handsome than ever . he look into she luscious eye . imhotep anck-sunamun . the screen flash . and meela be stand in front of imhotep 's live corpse . the High Priest look at she . high priest do not be frighten . meela stare at imhotep , a stone cold ice queen . meela I be not afraid . I be the direct descendant of the goddess isis . I be the thirteenth daughter of the thirteenth daughter . ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) I be anck -sunamun reincarnate . imhotep stare back at she . imhotep ( ancient egyptian ~— subtitle ) only in body . but soon -- imhotep 's fetid lip and rotted cheek almost form a smile . oo™ 38 imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) I shall . bring you mind and soul back from the depth of the underworld . up on a catwalk : o’connell and ardeth bey stare down on this surreal tableau . o’ connell just shake he head . o * connell ya know , a few year ago I woulda be a little wigge out by all of this . down below : lock - Nah pour a vial of acid into the keyhole of the scorpion King chest . the metal smoke as the acid burn through it . the High Priest step up to lock - Nah and grin . high priest Lord imhotep will be much pleased . lock - Nah pull open the chest . but only the vase be inside . the High Priest 's face go ashen . high priest where be it ? where be the bracelet !? ( he look at evy ) the o’connell woman ! lock ~- nah no ! she do not have it . push in : on lock - Nah , as he face slowly harden . lock - nah but I think I know who do . ext . STREET — night tight on : alex , stand outside the car . alex ~and at the very top of the gold pyramid be a huge diamond . Jonathan be absolutely mesmerize , practically drool . jonathan huge diamond ? how huge ? alex it be so . big it would reflect the sun and wink at distant traveler , beckone they to they death . 39 int . british museum storage warehouse — night meela lean in . closer. to imhotep . meela ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) I have a gift for you , my love . she gesture . imhotep look . his face flash hatred . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) her ! lightning flash across evy , struggle on the sarcophagus lid , she see they look at she . meela grin , cat-like . meela ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) yes . I know it would please you to watch she die . meela snap she finger . a group of Priests lift the lid . evy struggle on top of it , then she notice they be carry she to a open sarcophagus filled with wriggling scarab . evy oh my god . imhotep 's fetid lip grin at evy as she 's carry past hin . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) the underworld await you . evy be carry up to the sarcophagus . she yell at imhotep. wai 11 I you + 1 1°11 put you in y grave agsini : the High Priest step up and give evy a creepy grin . " ' high priest we think be : not if we put you in you grave first . evy look down at the squirming scarab . imhotep yell : imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) kill hert meela grin in delight . thunder crack . the Priests tilt the lid towards the sarcophagus . evy scream and roll off . O'Connell leap forward and catch she . lightning flash . and that 's when ardeth bey open FIRE from up in the catwalk . the High Priest , lock - Nah and all the Priests dive for cover . the sarcophagus lid crash to the floor . bullet rip into the pillar above meela 's head , she scream and hit the deck . ext . roll royce — night i stand outside the roll royce , Jonathan and Alex hear the gunfire . they both attack the door handle , fight over it . alex open it ! open it ! open it ! jonathan let go ! let go ! let go ! the front door open and they both leap inside . int . roll royce — night Jonathan jam the key into the ignition and frantically turn it , the key break off in the ignition . Alex scream at he . alex ' you break it ! you break it ! jonathan ' be quiet , Alex ! if there 's go to be any hysterics , they 's 11 come from I ! int . british museum basement warehouse — night ardeth bey race across the catwalk , blasting away , keep everybody pin down . O'Connell use one hand to snap open a butterfly knife and cut the rope hold evy , at the same time , he other hand be pump shotgun blast . one of which blow a Priest backwards into another Priest , who fall into the scarab fill sarcophagus .. the Priest scream and flail wildly as the hideous flesh eat scarab envelop he . imhotep step up to the black urn where he '' servant '' be keep . bullet rip through he . he do not seem to mind . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) rise ye my servant ! o' connell and evy start racing up a staircase . of N 41 imhotep continue he chant over the urn . imhotep {ancient egyptian — subtitle ) collect you bone , gather you limb , shake the earth from you flesh ! you master be here ! imhotep rip the lid off the black urn , --a Mass of sand explode out of it and form into four soldier mummy . o’ connell , evy and ardeth bey meet at the top of the staircase , they look down and see the soldier mummy . o’ connell not this guy again . imhotep point to we heroes , then look at the soldier mummy and utter that famous word : imhotep e-heeby -uut set-na ! o' connell yank evy out the door . ardeth bey be right behind . the soldier mummy hunker into attack position and screech . ext . roll royce - night Jonathan and Alex scramble out of the car . they hear the distant SOUND of the soldier mummy screeching insanely . Jonathan grab Alex tightly , panic . jonathan what be we go to do !? what be we go to do ?! alex you be ask I ??! I be only eight year old for cripe sake ! ext . museum alley — night the side door of the museum burst OPEN . o’ connell , evy and ardeth bey run out . they race down the alley . behind they , the brick wall of the museum explode as the four soldier mummy jump through it in perfect unison , hit the pavement , pivot sharply , and stride down the alley after then . ext . STREET — night O'Connell , evy and ardeth bey race out into the desert street and up to the empty roll royce . o'connell where the hell 's Jonathan ? 42 a bright red double -decker bus careen around the corner . Jonathan at the wheel , nervously try to maintain control . the bus slow . Alex - pull open the door . o’connell , evy and ardeth bey leap inside . evy hug Alex . o’ connell give Jonathan a look - to-kill . o'connell what 's the matter with my car ? jonathan we be force to find alternative transportation . o' connell be incredulous . o'connell a double~decker bus !? Jonathan point to Alex . it be he ideal alex be not ! jonathan be too ! alex be not ! jonathan be too ! o'connell goll ! Jonathan hit the gas and shift up . the bus lurch forward . o' connell run to the back of the bus and lock out . he see the four soldier mummy stride out of the alley , two - by~two assault formation . they pivot and march right up and over he roll royce . severely crushing the trunk , roof and bonnet . o’ connell be devastate . o'connell I hate mummy . the soldier mummy fan out , four abreast , and begin to accelerate after the bus . o’ connell look at ardeth bey . o'connell you take the low road . i’1l take the high . ardeth bey right . O'Connell head for the staircase . o'connell there 's nothin’ better than shoot mummy . he see he son look at he . o'connell except read , write and arithmetic . Alex just roll he eye . o’ connell head up the stair . ardeth bey heft he machine - gun . aim it at the back window . ext . top of bus ~- night q’connell come up onto the top deck of the bus . see the , soldier mummy charging after he . and gain quickly . okay , here we go , everything happen at once , read fast : oq 's connell start pump shotgun blast down at the soldier mummy . blow out several ribcage . all four soldier mummy instantly fan out and run up the side of the building , run herizontal to the street , two on either side . . o* connell right . int . bus — night one of the soldier mummy leap off the building and plaster himself to the back window of the bus , --wham ! scare the shit out of ardeth bey . he open FIRE . blast the window . shatter CITY . the soldier mummy be ripped in half . the lower half of it 's body drop away and hit the street . ext . top of bus — night another soldier mummy leap off a building at o’connell . O'Connell fire . blow it out of the air . he feele something come and pivot , -- too late . another soldier mummy fly through the air and tackle he . they both slam to the deck . O'Connell 's shotgun skitter off down the aisle . read faster : int . bus — night ardeth bey pop the cartridge out of he machine - gun , it drop to the floor , he fumble for another one . suddenly , the torso of the soldier mummy he just shot in half swing in through the shattered rear window , scream in rage . ardeth bey start backpedal up the aisle , try to reload . ext . bus — night the soldier mummy up top grab o’connell 's throat , lift he to he foot and start strangling he . int . bus — night ardeth bey backpedal up the aisle , have trouble reloading . the half - soldier mummy chase he , scurrying over the seat use only it 's hand , like a craze monkey , screeching wildly . evy and Alex see it come , they yell at Jonathan . evy / alex turn ! turn ! turn ! Jonathan crank the wheel . ext . bus - night the bus slews hard to the left . up top , o’connell and the soldier mummy strangling he be thrown across the aisle . int . bus — night so be ardeth bey and the half - soldier mummy . ardeth bey 's gun go fly out the window . the bus roar into hyde Park . ext . bus / hyde park — night O'Connell quickly crawl on he hand and knee as fast as he can down the aisle towards he shotgun . int . bus — night ardeth bey leap to he foot , unarm . the half - soldier mummy rise up over a seat in front of he and lift it 's deform hand , -- razor sharp , four inch fingernails grow out of it 's fingertip . it swipe at ardeth bey . rip into he arm . ardeth bey scream and fall back . evy and Alex grab he . ext . bus — night o’connell 's fingertip grab the butt of the shotgun . he 's almost get a grip on it . 45 int . bus — night the half - soldier mummy screech and leap forward . evy / alex turn ! turn ! turn ! Jonathan crank the wheel . ext . bus — night the bus slews hard to the right . o’ connell 's shotgun go skitter away from he . his eye widen as he see it tumble down into the stairwell . they get even wider as the soldier mummy behind he grab he ankle and lift he up . int . bus — night the half - soldier mummy swipe at ardeth bey again . rip he across the chest . ardeth bey slam into the wall of the bus , daze and hurt . the half - mummy close in for the kill . evy hear something to she right , she look : it 's o’connell 's shotgun tumble down the stair . evy grab it . pump it . the half - mummy lift ardeth bey up with one hand while draw he hideous clawfinger back for the final blow . evy spin around and pull the trigger , --blam ! Point blank . blow the half - mummy to piece . Jonathan and Alex be stare out through the front windshield . eye widen in unison . jonathan / alex ub=oh . up ahead , be a very low hang pedestrain bridge . jonathan / alex ( in unison ) we nre not gonna make itl " ext . bus — night up top , o’connell be try to fight off the soldier mummy as it viciously strangle he . then he see something over the soldier mummy 's shoulder . o’ connell 's eye widen . he throw a wild punch , knock himself free . Hit the deck and cover he head . the soldier mummy look down at he , then quickly turn to see what 's come . =- it 's the bridge . the bottom two - third of the bus go under the bridge . the top third be ripped clean off , take the soldier mummy right along with it . a back up on top of the bus : o’connell cautiously open he eye , -- there 's nothing but tear metal all around he . the bus race out onto Tower Bridge . int . bus — night Alex throw he arm around Jonathan . alex great drive uncle jon ! Jonathan hug Alex with he free arm ; we see how close they be . a moment of calm . and then Alex hear something to he immediate right . he turn and look , --a soldier mummy pop up into the OPEN window , cling to the side of the bus . Alex scream . Jonathan scream . the soldier mummy scream ! and then the barrel of a shotgun whip into frame over Alex 's shoulder and right into the soldier mummy 's mouth . o'connell Close you eye , Alex . Alex scrunches he eye shut . o’ connell pull the trigger . the soldier mummy 's head be blown off . ext . tower bridge — night the headless mummy 's body fly off the bus and out over Tower Bridge . int . bus — night Jonathan start to shift down . come from the engine be a SOUND like nail be drop into a blender . this bus be a write - off . o' connell look at ardeth bey . o'connell you alright ? ardeth bey wince painfully . ardeth bey I prefer the company of camel . o' connell give evy a hangdog grin . she give he a sexy smile , then lift a finger and curl it , gesture for he to come hither . he do . she grab he . they kiss gently . Jonathan and Alex both roll they eye in disgust . jonathan /alex oh pu-leeeeze . of Alex walk off down the aisle , shaking he head . ' the bus slowly clatter to a stop . o’ connell and evy unlock and leok into each other 's eye . o’ connell sigh heavily . o'connell be all librarian 's this much trouble ? they both smile . and that 's when they hear Alex yelling . they turn and see he be pull out a back window by lock - Nah . evy scream . evy alex} ! o' connell practically throw himself down the aisle . he make it to the window in time to see Alex struggle with lock - Nah and several red turbane man on top of a flatbe truck , which whip around and charge back out onto the bridge . ext . bus — night O'Connell come tear out of the bus with evy and Jonathan right on he tail . he race after the truck . but the Tower 's drawbridge start to rise up in front of he , cut he off . the truck careen off the far end of bridge and vanish up a alley . o’ connell stagger to a stop , look like a guy who 's just have he heart rip out . o'connell Alex . ext . british museum parapet — night imhotep stand on the uppermost parapet of the british Museum , surround by moldy copper gargoyle . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) now I shall go to ahm shere and kill the scorpion King . he turn to meela , who be look sexy as hell . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) and we shall rule the world together . meela smile . in the background , the High Priest nervously urge she on . high priest tell he . — tell he ! meela stay he with a glance , then look at imhotep and steel herself . meela ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) my love , we do not have the scepter of osiris . imhotep look at she , and then just smile . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) I do not need the scepter of osiris . his face harden in anger and he give she a bitter smile . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) when they curse I , they make I stronger than they god ! then he lean in to kiss she . his ugly corpse face frighten she . she start to lean back . the screen flash . they be now face - to-face in pharaoh 's palace . handsome imhotep and beautiful anck-su-namum . anck look around , surprised to be there . imhotep continue to lean in for he kiss . anck grin at the handsome man , then kiss he hard and close she eye . the screen flash . imhotep 's rotted face and fetid lip be now kissing meela 's smooth skin and full lip . it 's a good thing she eye be close . imhotep 's face rot away just a little bit more . ext . tower bridge — night o’ connell and evy stare out over the Thames to where the truck vanish , look stricken . ardeth bey step up . ardeth bey do not fear , my friend . they will not hurt you son . o' connell and evy turn and look at he . ardeth bey they can not hurt he . for he wear the bracelet of anubis . evy look at o’connell . evy Alex be wear the bracelet ? o' connell just want answer , he step towards ardeth bey . — : o’connell Alex say he see giza , and then rarnac ...? ardeth bey when they reach karnac , the bracelet will show he the next step on the journey , and continue to do so until they reach ahm shere . o'connell then we better get to karnac , pronto . Jonathan look devastate . jonathan do not tell I I have get to go back to the desert . O'Connell , evy and ardeth bey all turn and glare at he . Jonathan quickly shift gear and smile brightly . jonathan hey ! we be go back to Egypt ! O'Connell grit he tooth and pump he shotgun , ka-chank ! o*connell iwant my son back . ext . cairo train station ( matte ) — day a train be pull out of cairo station . the fifty armed men in black turban sit on top of each car . in the background , be the pyramid and the sphinx of the giza Plateau . int . luxury car ~ day lock - Nah pull Alex into a luxury parlor car . Alex see the High Priest hand meela the black book of the dead . Alex point to it , very impressed . alex hey ! the Book of the Dead . lock - Nah slap he hand down as meela and the High Priest turn to face then . meela what a bright little child . she lick she finger and straighten he hair , very motherly . meela you mother must be miss you terribly . if you wish to see she again , you best behave . alex Lady , I do not behave for my parent , what make you think I be gonna do it for yoy ? meela because you parent would not slip poisonous snake into you bed while you be sleep . she smile . Alex 's eye widen . the High Priest look at lock - Nah . high priest Lord imhotep wish to meet the boy . lock - Nah nod , then yank Alex out the back door . there be a knock on the front door as it open and Red and spivey step inside , follow by Abdul and muhammed , carry a '' box '' shroud in a blanket . the High Priest stare at they . high priest do you acquire what we ask ? red oh , we '' acquire it '' all right . ‘ad to kill two a they guard at the museum to acquire it . Abdul pull the shroud off the '' box '' , -- it 's the same exact chest the Americans find and open in the first movie . Abdul angrily finger the hieroglyphs on it 's lid . abdul this chest be curse . it say there be one , the undead , who will kill all that who open this chest -- high priest ( dismiss he ) -- yes , yes , and suck they dry and then he 'il become whole again . we have all hear the story before . Si red I ‘erd the american chap who find it nine year ago all die , ‘orrible death they be . spivey give they a grin . spivey so we want five thousand . lock - Nah be furious . lock - nah the deal be for two ! ' bpivey we want five or we will sell it elsewhere . lock - Nah reach for he scimitar . meela stop he . meela five will be just fine . she turn and head for the back door . meela follow I , gentleman , and you shall receive all that you deserve . int . cluttered boxcar — day the interior of this boxcar have be transformed into a ancient egyptian temple . lit by torch . incense burn . very moody . the rear door open . Alex be hustle in by lock - Nah , who close the door and escort Alex up to a hood figure . lock - Nah bow down . the figure turn around . Alex scream . it 's imhotep , look incredibly creepy and gross . push in : on imhotep as he begin speak ancient egyptian . pull out : as he ancient egyptian morph into english : imhotep keetash issirian ibn it be you who be the choose one , you who will take I to ahm shere . Alex blink , then shake he head , a bit disconcert . then he stop himself from tremble and try to be brave . alex what if I do not ? what if I get a little , — lose ? imhotep 's sinewy face form a horrific semi-smile . imhotep you have strength little one , you be you father 's son . lock - Nah be stare at Alex and imhotep , to he , they be both i imhotep but I know something you do not . imhotep grab the bracelet on Alex 's wrist . Alex be terrify . imhotep this bracelet be a gift anda curse . the sand of time have already begin to pour against you . imhotep reach over and flip a large hourglass fill with black sand . the sand begin to pour . imhotep from the moment the bracelet take hold of you wrist , seven day do you have to enter the pyramid of ahm shere , and then .. imhotep stare at the bracelet . Alex stare at imhotep . alex yeah ? and then ?! imhotep look he square in the eye . imhotep and then it will suck the life out of you . alex wait a minute , that 's in five day ! imhotep then I think it would be best if we do not become lose . Alex slowly grit he tooth and give imhotep a hard stare . alex my dad be 's gonna kick you ass . voice be hear come from outside . imhotep spin around and head back to the altar . lock - Nah quickly grab Alex and pull he out the front door . meela enter through the rear door , ushere Red , spivey , Abdul , and muhammed inside . meela in here , gentleman , you shall receive you just reward . red no trick now , woman , we be not givin 's up this ' ere chest ' till we be satisfied . meela give he a very seductive look . meela there be much satisfaction to be have . Abdul and muhammed carry the chest into the gloomy cabin . meela quickly sweep out behind all of they and shut the door , locking it from the outside . spivey look spook . spivey what the ‘ell ? Red and Abdul squint into the smoky car . they can just barely make out a large shadow . Red draw he pistol . red wha 's do we aav ' ere then ? imhotep step into a shaft of light and shriek . Red , spivey , Abdul , and muhammed just about jump out of they skin . spivey and muhammed start to scream and panic and claw at the back door . the metal plate cover the peep hole slide back , revealing meela ' 's beautiful face . meela he want you to open the chest ! Quick ! open the chest ! the peep hole slam shut . spivey go for it . Abdul yell : abdul noooo ! but spivey grab the lid-to the chest and pull , -- it pop OPEN with a loud hiss and a blast of white vapor . imhotep 's mouth start to open wide , and keep open , until he mouth be about the size of a oil drum . then he lunge forward and suck muhammad into he mouth . he immediately spit he out . Muhammad 's shrivelled corpse slam off a wall and drop to the floor . now even Red and Abdul freak out . a imhotep start stalking they . he suck spivey into he mouth . spit he out . spivey 's shrivel corpse stick to the wall . Red and Abdul start firing they revolver . int . parlor car — day the High Priest hear the two gun firing and look up from the book he 's read . meela enter and sit across from he . meela nothing to worry about . now only one gun fire . ~ and then all go quiet . she smile . meela nothing to worry about at all . int . cluttered boxcar — day imhotep step out of the shadow , now fully regenerated , leok more muscular and handsome than ever . and he seem quite pleased with himself . ext . izzy 's hangar — day Jonathan 's dussenberg trundle across the desert and up to a beat - to- shit airport hangar . a sign read : magic carpet airways o’ connell , evy and Jonathan get out of the car . the hangar door open . a wiid - haire mechanic cover in grease step out . this be izzy . he take one lcok at o’connell and immediately run back inside , slam the door and lock it . evy give O'Connell a look . evy I see you have meet . o'connell Jonathan , get we bag , I will deal with this guy . Jonathan lift up the scepter of osiris . jonathan my hand be pretty full — ~-- 0 's connell snatch it away . o'connell now . 55 jonathan right , right , I will get the bag . Jonathan scurries away . ' connell walk up to the hangar door , pull he gun and shoot off the doorhandle . evy give he another look . evelyn honey , you be not a subtie man . o' connell holster he gun . q’connell do not have time for subtle . he kick the door open , then courteously wave evy in . int . izzy 's hangar - day izzy be very upset , pace and ranting : rz Zzy forget it , o’connell ! every time I hook up with you I get my butt shot off . look ! see ! I hardly get any butt leave at all . remember that bank job in marrakesh ? evy look at o’connell and raise a eyebrow . evy Bank job ? o' connell lamely try to cover . o'connell it 's not like it sound . really . izzy look at evy . iz2y I fly in low for the pick up , land on a friggin’ dime , next thing ya know , I be lyin’ in the middle of the road , all shot up ! my spleen hangin 's out --! evy cringe . izzy gesture to O'Connell . izzy -- and I see bim waltzin ' off with some bellydancer girl ! evy cock a eyebrow at o’connell . evy bellydancer girl ? then she look back at izzy . evy clearly , you and I need to get better acquainted . o' connell slam a large bundle of cash onto the table , try to change the subject . o’connell we do not care what it cost . tzzy O'Connell , you look around here any ? what do I need money for ? what the hell be I gonna spend it on !? O'Connell punctuate he dialogue by point the scepter at izzy : o’connell look izzy , my little boy be out there and I be gonna do whatever it take to get he back . O'Connell notice that izzy have be stare at the scepter . he move the scepter to the leave . izzy 's eye follow it . he point it to the right . izzy 's eye be lock on . up. down . izzy 's head comically move with the scepter . o’ connell smile knowingly . izzy finally point to the scepter . izzy o’connell , you gimme that gold thing there , you can set I on fire and call I name . o’ connell hand izzy the scepter . izzy grab it . o’ connell do not let go of it . o'connell the man we be up against want this thing awful bad . bring it along . izzy you think I would leave it here ? co o' connell let go . izzy gleefully scurries away . Jonathan stagger up and drop the luggage . jonathan hey , where 's my gold stick ? o’ connell look at he . o'connell do not worry , we do the right thing . jonathan we do ? ext . hangar — day O'Connell and Jonathan step out of the hangar , follow by izzy , wiping he greasy hand across he dirty yellow shirt , and give evy a flirty , rotten toothe smile . tz2zy ~ you be not exactly catch I at my best . and then he spot ardeth bey and twelve medjai warrior sit on horse . he stop in he track , suddenly nervous . izzy and uh , who , exactly , be this friendly look fellow ? ardeth bey dismount . ardeth bey they be the commander of the twelve tribe of the medjai . ( he lift he arm ) horus ! a falcon on the arm of one of the medjai commander fly off and over to ardeth bey , landing on he outstretch arm . Jonathan look at ardeth bey and grin . jonathan Pet bird ? ardeth bey lovingly stroke horus 's feather . ardeth bey my best and most clever friend . he will let the other commander know - of we progress , so that they may follow . ardeth bey look at the other commander , then with a open . palm he touch he heart and wave it towards the sun . '' ardeth bey harum bara shad ! the commander make the same sign and call back : commander harum bara shad ! then they rear they horse around and gallop off . ardeth bey if the Army of anubis arise , they will do all they can to | stop they . ext . hangar - day o' connell , evy , Jonathan and ardeth bey round the side of the : hangar . they come to a dead stop as they look up and see : ' a small golden dirigible , a blimp , float in the air , hold down by moor line . slung to its underbelly be a decrepit Old fishing trawler . a airplane propeller stick out of the rear of the boat engine . it all look very hand - make and ss jerry -rigged . izzy stand in front of it , grin proudly . izzy be not she beautiful ! o’ connell look very annoyed . o'connell it 's a balioon . izzy it 's a dizrigible ! o'connell where 's you airplane ? izzy airplane be a thing of the past . o' connell do a slow burn as ardeth bey shake he head . ardeth bey why can not you people ever keep you foot on the ground ? o’ connell , evy , Jonathan and ardeth bey follow izzy up the gangway . there be multiple banner sling along the side of the boat cover in name written in arabic . jonathan why be there name write all over it ? izzy ( proudly ) | that be my idea . evy you idea ? izzy yeah , ya see , I talk all the local merchant into payin 's I to put they name on it . ( smile broadly } I call it : '' product placement '' . izzy cut the moor line . the blimp begins to ascend . CUT wide : as the blimp motor off into the desert towards a gorgeous setting SUN . dissolve to : a fantastic full moon , as the blimp float across it . a billion star twinkle brightly . ext . blimp - night Jonathan and ardeth bey be sit alongside the cabin . Jonathan 's arm be reach into a porthole , scroung around inside for something . ardeth bey be lovingly petting horus . ardeth bey it be write , that the Oasis of ahm shere be where man begin , and where he demise will originate . jonathan yes , yes , sound terrible , now about that gold pyramid ? ardeth bey '' ( ominously ) it be write , that since the time of the scorpion King , no man who have ever laid eye upon it , have ever return to tell the tale . Jonathan look nervous . jonathan where be all this stuff write ? then he pull the scepter out through the porthole . jonathan there ! get it . pretty nice eh ? ardeth bey yes , and it must be very important , if I be you , I would keep it close . Jonathan proudly puff up he chest . jonathan the god could not take it away . izzy walk past and snatch it out of Jonathan 's hand . izzy that 's mine , skinny boy , keep ya hand off . Jonathan look crestfallen . ardeth bey just laugh . up at the bow : O'Connell step up to evy , who be stare out at the fantastic landscape below . she start to tremble . evelyn I want he back , Rick . I want he in my arm . evy start to cry . o’ connell gently wrap he arm around she and hug she tight . o'connell I know .. , I know ... he see the gold disc in she hand and point to a engrave of some anubis Warrior , try to get she mind off of Alex . o’ connell so who be this guy ? evelyn anubis Warrior . minion of the scorpion King . o’connell and this little guy here ? evy look into he eye and give he a slight smile , she know what he 's try to do , and she love he for it . evelyn pygmy . the pharaoh use to catch they and bring they back to thebes for show . they be cannibal . and yery ill tempere . o'connell so whatever happen to this scorpion King guy ? evelyn he betrayed anubis and be condemn for all time . his curse be so horrible , it have never be describe . evy 's eye drift off . o’ connell hug she tighter . o’connell -~ I promise , evy , we be gonna get he back . ext . train — day the SUN rise behind the train as it race between giant golden sand dune . int . train - private passenger compartment - day a tight little passenger compartment . Alex drum he finger on the windowsill and stare at lock - Nah , who sit across from he and stare right back . alex be we there yet ? lock - nah no . alex be we there yet ? lock - nah no . alex be we there yet ? lock - nah no . alex be we there yet ? 61 lock - Nah leap up and slam a knifeblade down between two of Alex 's finger , miss they by a hair . Alex just stare . alex wow , that be amazing , perfect aim . lock - nah what be you talk about ? lock - Nah yank the knife out . lock - nah imiss . Alex 's eye widen . lock - Nah start pick he tooth with the blade . Alex glare at he . alex I have to go to the bathroom . int . train bathroom — day the bathroom door open and Alex look into the most rancid , filthy , disgusting , windowless craphole imaginable . he look up at lock - Nah , and in a very dainty voice say : alex where 's the bidet ? lock - nah hurry up ! alex just kid , geez . lock - Nah cross he arm and stare down at Alex . Alex stare right back up at he . alex I can not go when someone 's watch . lock - Nah snarl , then step out and siam the door . Alex look around , disgust and deject , then he look down into the '' toilet '' . alex yikes . do not anyone around here know how to flush a toilet ? he gingerly grab the rusty chain and pull . there be a loud flushing SOUND .. and - then Alex 's eye widen . the bottom of the toilet have opened and be spilling rinsewater right onto the train track . Alex quickly grab the rusty toilet and pull , peel it back to reveal a hole big enough for he to fit through . the track whiz2 past . ext . train — karnac — day the brake on the train suddenly lock - up . the train start to screech to a stop near the huge temple at karnac . Men shout in arabic and break English . something about '' the boy have escape ! '' . several man on top of the train OPEN FIRE . imhotep 's boxcar door crash OPEN . imhotep stand in the doorway . he see Alex , scurrying off through the ruin , head for the temple , bullet ricocheting all around he . imhotep angrily look up at the two man fire above he . he raise he arm . the two man be suddenly pick up off they foot by a invisible force , lift into the air , viciously slammed together , then flung like rag doll into the ruin . 's Alex vanish into the temple complex . meela and the High Priest turn and glare at lock - Nah , who angrily lower he head in shame . not . temple room — day Alex race into a temple room , panting from exhaustion . suddenly , the reom fill with a vision : it 's the exterior of karnac , only brand spanking new . then the vision race across the desert to the temple island of philae , circa 2,000 b.c.. a giant man suddenly come stride across the island . the vision vanish . it 's imhotep . he stop in front of Alex . Alex be suddenly levitate off he foot and bring up to eye level with imhotep . imhotep 's face rot away a tiny bit more . he grin and wag a moldy finger at Alex . imhotep tch , tch , tch . ext . blimp — day the blimp float high over the Nile , backlit by another gorgeous sunset . o’ connell and ardeth bey be busy lock and load , prepare for battle . o * connell what kinda problem can we expect from we old pal ? ardeth bey bu imhotep 's power be weak it he be still quite formidable . evy stroll up , look very worried . evy we have better get to karnac before they leave it , or we win not have the foggiest where to go next . o' connell look over at izzy , sit up in the cockpit . o'connell izzy ! izzy I already tell ya ! o’connell fall I again . izzy we will be there before the sun rise . Cross my heart . o’ connell give evy a wink and a reassure squeeze . evy force a smile and head for the bow of the boat . suddenly , she eye start to glaze over and she go into a trance . nnt . karnac temple pool — day imhotep be chanting over a tiny sacred pool cover in fog . meela stare into it , she eye glaze , go into a trance . imhotep stop chant and turn to she . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) it be time to remind you of who you be . he pass he hand over the fog , it begin to part , revealing not a pool , but a vision of ancient egypt : pharaoh 's palace . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) and of who we be together . the screen flash and we find ourselves in ancient time . int . pharaoh' palace — day two egyptian princess , they face hide by ornate gold mask , be engage - in-hand - to-hand combat , this be the same two princess depict in the hieroglyphs at the beginning of the movie . imhotep and pharaoh watch , greatly amused . imhotep ( 0.8 . ) ( ancient egyptian — subtitle } for we love be a true love , a eternal love . we soul mate forever . use small , hand - hold trident , the two gorgeous woman tly punch , kick , elbow and backhand each other as they brilliantly fight across the palace chamber . one of the princess be viciously throw to the floor , her mask be knocked off , - ~ 1ts evy . the other woman lunge forward , stop she knife a quarter inch before it plunge into evy 's neck . the metal flap on the woman 's mask SNAP OPEN , --reveal anck . the look in she eye tell we she have like nothing better than to drive she knife to the hilt . evy give the look right back at she , clearly , there 's no love lose between this two . anck force herself to smile at evy . anck-sunamun ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) you have improve greatly , princess nefertiri . imhotep , pharaoh and the surround courtier applaud as the two woman get to they foot . pharaoh step forward . pharaoh {ancient egyptian — subtitle ) wonderful ! wonderful ! who better to protect pharaoh — '' ( gesture to evy / nefertiri ) -- than my lovely daughter , ( gesture to anck ) and my future wife . pharaoh hug nefertiri . she lovingly hug he back . and then , over pharaoh 's shoulder , she see anck and imhotep exchange know look . ext . blimp - day evy 's eye narrow suspiciously . ext . pharaoh 's palace parapet — night nefertiri be strolling the parapet , enjoy the night air . she look across the palace courtyard and spy anck come through some drape and into a bedroom . nefertiri scowl , and then she eye start to widen in surprise . b CUT to footage from the first movie : anck glide up to imhotep , stand in the bedroom . she pass she hand over he face in she special way and they start to kiss . nefertiri look away , furious , try to decide what to do . then she look back across the courtyard and see pharaoh enter the bedroom . anck now stand alone . CUT to footage from first movie : pharaoh stride up to anck and accuse she . anck 's eye flicker over he shoulder . pharaoh turn around . it 's imhotep . he grab pharaoh 's sword . nefertiri start to panic , she quickly look around and spot some medjai bodyguard in the courtyard . she point to the bedroom amd yell : evy / nefertiri ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) quickly ! my father need you ! nefertiri look back across the courtyard in time to see : footage from first movie : imhotep and anck stabbing pharaoh . ext . blimp — day evy lunge forward , scream in anguish . O'Connell and the other turn and look just as evy start to fall over the railing . o’ connelil leap up and dive for evy , he grab she hand , -- but be pull right over the railing along with she ! at the last second he free hand grab one of the banner sling alongside the boat . -- but the banner rip away from the railing , SNAP -snap -snap ! the last one finally catch . they descent jerk to a stop . evy dangle from o’connell 's outstretch arm , look shocked . there 's a half mile of dead air between they and the earth below . o’ connell strain under the weight , fight the tug of gravity . he give he wife a incredulous look . o’ connell go somewhere ? int . karnac temple pool — meela be still in a trance , stare into the pool , she yell : meela / anck ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) go ! save yourself ! only you can resurrect I ! int . pharaoh' bedroom - night imhotep be drag away by he priest . anck spin around as the medjai enter . the room . she curse they and stab herself . int . karnac temple pool — day meela cry out , she eye snap open and go blank , as if she 's just die from shock . imhotep be now read from the black Book of the Dead . suddenly , anck 's bog spirit rise up out of pool and glom onto meela 's face and body . the bog spirit suck itself right into she . anck awaken and look at imhotep . he look back at she , lovingly . imhotep anck-sunamun . anck stare at he , and then she face soften and she smile . anck-sunamun imhotep . imhotep gesture around at the temple ruin surround they . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) we love have last longer than the temple of we god . anck pass she hand over he face in she special way , and then they embrace and kiss passionately . ext . blimp — night izzy sit up in the cockpit , glide the blimp through the cloud . o’ connell , evy , Jonathan and ardeth bey sit around a warm , glow barrel of fire . evy ~ 80 I be princess nefertiri ? ardeth bey Three thousand year ago . Jonathan lean in to ardeth bey . jonathan I do not suppose there 's a anuheritance we should know about ? ardeth bey just smile and look back at evy . } ardeth bey because of you , imhotep be catch , and then curse for all time . jonathan no wonder they want you dead , evy . ardeth bey look at O'Connell . ardeth bey now do you believe , my friend ? clearly you be destine to protect this woman . o' connell give ardeth bey a sarcastic look . o'connell right . evy 's a reincarnate princess and I be descend from of a ancient brotherhood of warrior . ardeth bey how else do you explain ber dream , and you tattoo ? o’connell coincidence . ardeth bey my friend , there be a fine line between coincidence , and fate . o' connell shrug it off , then wrap he arm around evy , get a little frisky . o'connell you know , I have never sleep with a princess before . evy give he a big sarcastic smile . evy no , but you have sleep with a bellydancer . she get up and walk off . o’ connell look really bum . o’connell aw c’mon , honey . she mean nothing ! I marry you , do not i1 ? o’ connell give izzy a angry look . izzy start whistling innocently and slide out of sight in the cockpit . a int . tent ~ night Inside a tent , Alex pace . in a circle , and that 's all he can do because he ankle be chain to a thick stake drive deep into the ground . lock - Nah rip the flap back and enter . lock - nah when the time come , I will truly enjoy kill you . Alex hold up the bracelet . alex uh-uh-uh ! lock - Nah freeze in he track . Alex smile . alex but until that time you better be a little nicer to I . now where 's my water ? lock - Nah angrily hand Alex a cup of water . alex no ice ? lock= - Nah snarl and storm out of the tent . Alex smile to himself , then look around to see if anyone 's watch hin . he get down on he hand and knee , spill the cup of water onto a pile of sand and start play with it . ext . karnac temple - day the train sit idle by the side of the great temple as O'Connell stealthily move through the ruin , gun up . he stop and signal ardeth bey , who nod and dash across the sand and up to the train . ardeth bey stick he gun into the parlor car . it 's empty . o’ connell throw open the door to imhotep 's boxcar . it 's also empty . -- the last bit of sand grain out of the top of the hourglass . o’ connell be crush . o'connell we be too late . ardeth bey look out across the desert temple complex . ardeth bey they be go . we have lose they ! and then o’connell spot something . a glimmer of hope flit across he eye . he start to run . o'connell evyl ! O'Connell race across the sand and up to a little boy' tie hang from a branch . o'connell look ! Alex lose he tie . evy run up to he as he gesture with a smile . o’ connell and he make a little sand castle . tilt down : from the tie to the ground . the tie be actually point to a tiny '' sand temple '' on the ground . intricately shape . very distinctive . it 's what Alex be work on . evy it 's the Temple Island of philae . ( she smile at o ’connell ) they be go to the Island of philae . o' connell be elate and proud . o'connell Atta boy alex ! tight on : a tiny scrap of paper with Arabic write be roll up and stick into a tiny tube . the tube be magnetically stick to the leg of horus the falcon . ardeth bey launch horus , who fly off over the temple . push in : on the tiny sand temple , then we do a perfect match dissolve to : the island of philae , as the blimp touch down . tight on : alex' jacket , lie on the ground . 0 's connell bend down and pick it up , underneath it be another tiny sand temple : a cone shape mountain with four collossi . evy grin . evy the great temple of Abu simbel . again , ardeth bey launch horus , who fly away . push in : on the tiny Abu simbel sand castle , then match dissolve to : the great Temple of Abu simbel as the blimp lift off from it . horus fly right past camera . ext . nubian desert — day Way off in the.distance , . traversing a huge sand dune , be a caravan of a sixty man , one woman and one kid on camel . 71 tight on : lock - Nah . hear the cry of a falcon . a know look cross he face . his eye scan the desert for horus . ext . desert — day horus land on the arm of a medjai commmander . behind he be @ hundre warrior on horseback . the Commander remove the note from the tube and read it , then call out : commander La Nile azur ! as the Commander and he man move out , we crane up : and over the dune behind they , to reveal : ten thousand more warrior . ext . nile canyon — day the blimp float through deep canyon , follow a river . a bald head step into the extreme foreground , watch the blimp as it vanish around a canyon corner . -- it 's imhotep . ext . blimp — day O'Connell , evy , Jonathan and ardeth bey stare at the river . o'connell that 's the blue Nile down there . we be out of Egypt now . evy yes , but we be still in ancient Egypt . . jonathan how be we ever go to find they in this maze of canyon ? ext . nile river bank campsight — day Alex sit by the edge of the water , surreptitiously make a design in the wet sand . a boot suddenly stomp on the design . it 's lock - Nah . he yank Alex to he foot , furious . lock - nah leave bread crumb ? imhotep step up and look down at the smashed design , then he look at Alex and start speak ancient egyptian . -- but to Alex , it 's english : imhotep you - .are - very clever , little one . I hope you mother and father enjoy they journey . imhotep turn and wade out into the Nile . he start to raise he arm . a massive wall of water rise up out of the river . ext . blimp ~- day of 's connell , evy , Jonathan and ardeth bey be look out over the bow of the fishing trawler . suddenly , they hear a loud rumble . izzy be the first one to look back and see it come : izzy what the hell ? a massive wall of water crash down the canyon . charging right at they . throw rock and boulder out of it 's way . everybody react . o’ connell yell at izzy . 0 's connell izzy ! go right ! starboard ! starboard ! starboard ! izzy pull the flame cable and turn the wheel . the blimp accelerate and start to corner into a smaller side canyon . a giant face form inside the massive wall of water . it 's imhotep . he start to open he huge watery mouth . izzy ignites the afterburner and fire up the hand - make booster rocket , -~- whoosh ! flame shoot out the rear of the fishing trawler . the blimp make it into the side canyon . the massive wall of water do not make the turn . imhotep 's watery face scream in anger as it explode past the blimp . everybody stare back at the big canyon as it recede . Jonathan be the first one to turn and look forward . his jaw just about hit the floor . jonathan uhhhh people ? everybody turn to see what Jonathan 's see . up ahead , this smaller canyon dump into a massive BOWL shape canyon filled with a enormous jungle . ardeth bey nod in wonderment . ardeth bey ahm shere . o' connell snap out he telescope and zoom in . telescope Pov : way off across the jungle be the tip of a gold pyramid . o'connell you bet you ass it be . and that 's when they hear another rumble . izzy look back . — '' , izzy son-of-a-surf’s uuuuup ! another massive wall of water be charge down the canyon and come right at they . imhotep 's craze , watery face form inside it . he laugh maniacally . he huge mouth open wide to swallow the blimp . izzy kick the throttle , ignites the afterburner and fire up the booster rocket , give it all . she 's get , -- whoosh ! flame shoot out the side of the boat . ext . ahm shere — day the blimp accelerate out of the canyon , -- but it 's too late . the massive wave of water explode out of the canyon behind it . imhotep 's huge watery mouth engulf the blimp . the blimp crash down into the jungle along with a massive quantity of water . ext . nile riverbank — day imhotep stagger out of the Nile , exhaust , he face i  . he look at Alex . Alex react in horror . ext . jungle — day the blimp be half deflate ; the trawler a tear up mess . o' connell , evy , Jonathan and ardeth bey be put on pack fill with weaponry and gear . o’ connell look at izzy . o*’connell I be gonna go get my son , and then I be gonna wanna get out quick , so make it work , izzy . izzy be pace and ranting angrily . izzy you do not understand , godammit ! it be fill with gas , not hot air . I need gas toe get this thing off the ground , where be I gonna get gas around here ? tarzan 's fill ' R up !? Jonathan make sure izzy be not look , then he steal the scepter of osiris and shove it into he pack . izzy now I could maybe jerry -rig it to take hot air , but you know how many cubic meter I would need ?! gd 74 0 's connell walk up and slap he on the back . o'connell if. anybody can fill this thing up with hot air , it 's you . ardeth bey launch horus as they head off into the jungle . ext . jungle rock — day the camera follow horus as he fly up over the canopy . lock - Nah suddenly appear in the foreground , aim down the barrel of he rifle . he fire . ext . jungle — day ardeth bey spin around as he hear the report of a rifle and the cry of a falcon . ardeth bey horus ! he stagger forward and stare up into the canopy , now it 's ardeth bey 's turn to look devastate , a long beat , and then he start to take off he pack . ardeth bey the Army of anubis will arise from the sand outside of this oasis . I must let the commander know where it be . o’ connell gently grab he arm and stop he . o'connell I need you to help I get my son back . ardeth bey stare at he , see the look in o’conneli 's eye . ardeth bey then first , I shall help you . o' connell nod in appreciation . ardeth bey raise a eyebrow . ardeth bey and imhotep ? o' connell give he he most dangerous smile . o'connell do not worry , this time I all put he down for good . 75 ext . valley of the dead — night a full moon shine down on the dark jungle . the High Priest and lock - Nah be on horse , lead a walk caravan of black turban carry torch . imhotep and anck be be carry on pallet by red turbane man . Alex be near the back , he hand tie in front of he , look a bit scared . everyone 's eye widen in horror as they come upon hundred of rotted skeleton scattered throughout the jungle . some pile high , other lie off by themselves . many appear to have be barbecue alive on fire spit . all be wear the various tatter remain of once glorious uniform and armour . the full moon give they a creepy glow . high priest over there , Roman legionnaire . and there , turn of the century french , napoleon 's troops . lock - nah what in the name of osiris do this ? each and every person be terrify . all except imhotep . ext . jungle rock — night q’connell and ardeth bey be arming themselves to the tooth . o' connell suddenly look around . o'connell you hear that ? ardeth bey what ? o * connell nothing . absolutely nothing . it 's dead silent . I have never hear a jungle be so quiet . the two man share a nervous look . evy and Jonathan be lock and load rifle . Jonathan see something and brushes back the foliage . a dozen shrunken head dangle from a pole . Jonathan 's eye widen . jonathan I say , look at this , shrunken head . ( lcok closer ) I have absolutely jove to know how they do that . in unison , o’connell , evy and ardeth bey all give he a look . d Jonathan look indignant . jonathan just curious . he heft a longrifle . ardeth bey look at he . ardeth bey be you any good with that ? jonathan ( outrage ) Three time Fox and hound Grand Champion , I '11 have you know ! he fumble with the rifle , almost drop it . jonathan that be of course before I start drink . o' connell step up to he wife . o'connell you remember everything I have teach you over the year ? evy look he square in the eye . evy I will not miss . ext . jungle clearing — night the caravan come into a clear . par off in the distance , they all see the tip of the gold pyramid spike the star . imhotep grin . the High Priest , lock - Nah , and anck all smile . in the back , Alex be suddenly look very nervous . alex cripe , i be in trouble now . lock - Nah whisper to the High Priest , who nod and look back at imhotep . high priest ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) my Lord , now there be no need for the boy . imhotep gives.him a. know - grin . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) do with he as you please . lock - Nah grin , then turn he horse and start riding back down the move caravan , head for Alex . Alex 's eye widen . he try to back away , but be push forward . then suddenly , for no reason , lock - Nah 's horse stop and start bucking and whinnying wildly . the High Priest 's horse do the same . the whole caravan be force to come to a stop . the two man prod at they spook horse and curse they in Arabic . a gentle breeze begin to blow through the jungle and swirl around the caravan , accompany by a creepy SOUND , like a eerie wind whistling through dry bone . imhotep know what 's come . he yell a command to the man carry he . they set he and anck down . one of the black turbane man see something lie against a tree , almost mold into it . he slowly approach . it 's a hideous pygmy corpse . branch and vine have grow through it 's bone , which be bleach a ghostly white . the man lean in for a closer look at the gruesome thing . it 's crusty eyelid suddenly SNAP OPEN . the man scream . it have no eye . it hiss through rotted tooth and stab he in the chest with a small spear . the man scream louder and die . ext . jungle — night O'Connell and ardeth bey hear the scream . and then the gentle breeze start to whistle around they . the two man look at each other . eye on fire . o' connell heft the two revolver in he hand and nod he head . ardeth bey lift a machine - gun in one hand and a sword in the other , and nod back . they both take off run through the jungle . full bore . ext . jungle clearing — night as the breeze turn into a strong wind , lock - Nah and the High Priest be thrown from they horse . all the black turbane man aim they gun into the foliage , they fear - fill eye sweeping the jungle . the creepy noise be get louder and closer . : ext . rock ~ night evy heft the rifle to she shoulder and adjust the sight . evy Jonathan ? : jonathan yes ? ( h evy that 's my husband and my son down there , ~make I proud . jonathan ( sincere ) today , be that day . ext . jungle clearing — night of 's conneli and ardeth bey crash through the jungle , come up on the caravan from the rear . o' connell spot Alex . lock - Nah be also head for Alex . and he 's only ten foot away . Alex see he come . his eye widen in terror . lock - ~ Nah withdraw he razor sharp scimitar , --shing ! okay . here we go . everything happens at once : a black turbane man suddenly jerk forward scream . he spin around , he back be plaster with blow dart . the surround foliage suddenly come alive with movement , accompany by a horrible hissing sound . arrow and blow dart explode out of the bush . the black turbane man all panic and aimlessly OPEN FIRE . Alex back away from lock - Nah , who be still come at he , but start to lose he in the explode frenzy . tight on : o’connell . bis eye never leave Alex . imhotep grab anck 's hand and start to pull she away . anck iunge back and grab the Book of the Dead off she pallet . the two of they run off into the jungle . o' connell and ardeth bey sprint into the frenzy , cut down black and red turbane man with equal abandon , like two human scythes . o’ connell go empty , toss he pistol . several black turbane man turn to shoot he , -- but be suddenly shot off they foot because : up in the rock : evy and Jonathan be firing round after round . perfect precision , completely emotionless . we look down they gunsight : they be actually clear a path for O'Connell and ardeth bey , shoot man out of they way . lock - Nah step up to Alex and raise he scimitar . o’ connell grab a shotgun shoulder across he back , whip it forward and charge for Alex . lock - Nah swing he scimitar down at Alex with all he might . Alex scream . the scimitar prang off O'Connell 's shotgun . o' connell scoops Alex up on the run . do not even slow down . lock - Nah spin around and be about to throw he scimitar at o’connell 's back , when ardeth bey leap out of the fray and the two man immediately . go at it . all the other man be scream , run , shoot and die . o’ connell throw Alex up over he shoulder . Alex be now leok back . his eye pop wide . alex dad ! behind you ! O'Connell spin around , see two hideous pygmy skeleton hot on they tail . he lift he shotgun and fire . both barrel . Point blank . blow the pygmy skeleton to smithereen . ardeth bey and lock - Nah be fiercely battling away . scimitar against scimitar . ardeth bey be clearly more piss - off , more aggressive . he spin around and slice lock - Nah 's chest , then uppercut he across the stomach . lock - Nah drop to he knee , mortally wounded . ardeth bey stare down at he . ardeth bey that , uwa for horus . the mountain of flesh who grab evy at she home run up behind ardeth bey , about to decapitate he with a scimitar . ardeth bey do not even see he . at the very last second the mountain of flesh be hit by muitiple bullet . up in the rock : evy lower she rifle . evy let 's go Jonathan . Jonathan lower he rifle , a complete emotional wreck . jonathan thank God . they head off down the rock . back with ardeth bey : as he grab the rein of lock - Nah 's horse , swing himself up into the saddle and gallop off . lock - Nah fall face first into the mud . Dead as lead . ext . quicksand & burial ground ~— night the High Priest and a dozen black and red turbane man run for they life through the jungle . the terrifying hissing SOUND of pygmy skeleton fill the air , chase after then , hunt they down , pick they off one - by-one , relentless . o> four man fall into a pit of quicksand . they flail about , try to get out . the High Priest and the other do not even slow down to help , ea bunch of pygmy skeleton run right over they , force they deeper into the muck , use they as step stone on they way after the other . the last two man be tackled to the ground by a group of pygmy skeleton , who immediately start gnawing on they . the High Priest and he servant run out into a clear and race across a line of white stone and small earthen mound . high priest look ! a sacred burial ground ! we be safe . they 's 11 never cross it . they come to a stop twenty foot beyond the marking . servant be you sure ? a pygmy skeleton sprint right over the burial stone and stab the servant in the heart with a spear , then run off . the High Priest look at he die servant . high priest my mistake . the servant give the High Priest a incredulous look , then keel over dead . the High Priest hear more pygmy skeleton come . frightened , he quickly withdraw a ceremonial dagger and stick the sharp blade to he eyebrow . his other hand grasp he scalp . we CUT away as he start to slice . ext . jungle — night the High Priest 's painful scream echo through the jungle as Alex leap into evy 's arm . o’ connell run up and slap Jonathan on the back with a smile . o'connell great shootin’ , tex ! ardeth bey gallop up , reach into he pocket and flip something to o’connell . ardeth bey take this . o' connell check it out . it 's a beautiful gold brand with a precise masonic templar logo gorgeously weld onto it . - ardeth bey burn it into you son 's arn . he have earn it . 81 o' connell give he a look like he 's out of he mind . o’ connell maybe where you come from . ardeth bey rear he horse . ardeth bey T must go and signal my man . o / connell start to hand ardeth bey he shotgun . o'connell take this . ardeth bey ( shake he head ) no . there be only one way to kill a anubis warrior . he whip out he scimitar , --shing ! ardeth bey you must take off it 's head , heya ! he gallop off . ardeth bey good luck , my friend ! o’ connell , evy , Jonathan and Alex suddenly hear the SOUND of hissing pygmy , come fast . o'connell time to go . they all turn and haul - ass into the jungle . int . jungle — dawn imhotep stride through the jungle , hold anck 's hand . a group of pygmy skeleton suddenly race up behind they . imhotep spin around to face they . the pygmy skeleton skid to a stop and stare at imhotep , hissing , about to pounce . anck be terrify . and then imhotep unhinge he jaw , open he mouth extra wide and roar . the creepy little corpse bow they head and back away . imhotep grin , then grab anck 's hand and continue on . } int . jungle — dawn o' connell , evy , Alex and Jonathan race through the jungle . the horrific SOUND of pygmy skeleton follow they fill the air . they look back and see a huge horde chase after they . evy throw she rifle away . so do Jonathan . everyone try to run faster . o' connell spot the tip of the gold pyramid , they be closer now , maybe only a mile away . they race out across a huge log span a deep ravine . on the other side , o’connell skid to a stop , frisk himself and pull out a lone stick of dynamite . the pygmy skeleton start to race across the log . o’ connell light the fuse a inch from the dynamite , then toss it to the first skeleton and run like hell . the pygmy skeleton grab the dynamite . the dynamite explode . the log and the skeleton be blow apart . o' connell run up to the other , all breathe hard . o'connell alright , I think we make it . and that 's when another horde of the hideous pygmy skeleton sprint out and form a blockade in front of they . a long beat , and then one of the pygmy skeleton race straight at Alex , hissing horribly , spear in hand . Alex hold up he hand to defend himself . the pygmy skeleton skid to a stop , hissing in fear , he back away . Alex see that it be the bracelet on he wrist that do it . he hold up he wrist to show all the 's . they all hiss in fear , which sound really creepy and horrible , then they back away and vanish into the jungle . O'Connell , evy and Jonathan be shocked and relieved . Alex grab o’connell 's arm and start tug he forward . alex c’mon ! dad ! c’mon ! we have to get to that pyramid ! I have to get the bracelet off now ! Jonathan wave he off , totally exhaust . jonathan leave it on , Alex , it look good on you . o'connell relax , buddy , we will get there . alex no you guy ! you do not understand ! he tell I the bracelet will kill I if I do not get inside the pyramid before the sun hit it ! today ! O'Connell , evy and Jonathan all immediately realize the implication . they quickly look off towards the surround mountain . -- the SUN be . just about to crest the east face . evy qn my God . of 's connell grab Alex 's hand and start to run with he . o’ connell c’moni and they be off !! blast through the jungle as fast as they can . o’cconnell look up . the SUN crest the mountain . CUT high and wide : look down on the jungle canopy as the sunlight start to move across it like the tide , head straight for the gold pyramid , get closer and closer , about to light it up . o' connell and Alex run faster and faster . Alex start to collapse in pain . 0 's connell scoops he up and run faster , he race across a clear and dive through one of the many arched entryways just as the SUN strike the huge gold pyramid , cause a blind flash of liget . int . temple entrance — day o’connell and Alex lie on the floor , exhaust and panting . o’connell ya know , it 's hard be a dad . Alex look over and grin at he . alex yeah , but you do it real good . o’ connell wrap he arm around Alex and drag he up close . Alex hug he back . the bracelet pop off . Alex grab it and angrily fling it across the entranceway . ext . gold pyramid — day evy and Jonathan stagger out of the jungle and into the clear . evy smile as she see o’connell and Alex safe inside the pyramid . Jonathan just stare up in wonder at the huge gold monolith . and then evy hear something and turn around . -- anck be right there . she drive a dagger into evy 's stomach . evy do not even scream , just stare at anck , incredulous . jonathan.spin around . imhotep grab he by the throat , lift he up and throws he across the clear . int . temple entrance — day o’ connell and Alex spin around and look outside just as anck withdraw she dagger from evy 's stomach . evy crumple to the ground . o’ connell jump to he foot . o*’ connell nooooo !!! ext . pyramid — day o' connell sprint out of the pyramid , head for evy . Alex be right behind he , he see imhotep and anck run into another entrance . anck blow a kiss at Alex with one hand , while hold the Book of the Dead in the other . evy be curl up and hold she stomach as o’connell kneel down next to she . he gently roll she over . her eyelid flutter . he rip she shirt open . his eye widen . o*’connell oh no , oh no - no - no , this be not happen . this can not happen . Alex run up . o’connell quickly wave he off . '' 's connell stay back Alex ! stay back ! Alex freeze , look more scared than he 's ever look . alex she 's alright be not she , dad ? mum 's gonna be alright ? Jonathan step up and hug Alex tight to he side . o' connell stare into evy 's weak eye . o’ connell you be gonna make it , evy , you be real strong . just , just hang on . o' connell look around , out of he mind with desperation . o'connell where 's some .. do not we have any . she need help . evy try to talk . o’ connell touch she lip with he finger . o'connell no , no , no , do not say anything , save your.. , — just , .~oh god evy. O'Connell hug she tighter , he can feel the grim reaper come to take she away , he can not think he 's so desperate . o’connell what do I do , evy ? what do I do ? evy «take , — take care of Alex . Alex start to sob , Jonathan hug he tighter . o' connell choke back the tear , caress she face . o’connell you can not leave I . .. I need you so much . with she last bit of strength , evy give he a weak grin . evy Love you . o' connell gently press he lip to hers , and then he look into she eye for the last time , devastate . she die . right there . in he arm . 0 's connell hug she tight . int . temple entrance — day a hand grab the bracelet up off the floor . it 's the High Priest , -- all the skin on he skull above he eyebrow '' he look horrific . he stare at the bracelet maniacally . int . sand step — day imhotep and anck come down the stair made of sand . at the bottom be a large gold crest emboss with a gold scorpion . imhotep step onto the crest . his entire body immediately spasm , as if hit by a electrical shock . he cry out . anck jump back and watch . imhotep 's face slowly regenerate , until he look strong and healthy and whole once again . and then it 's over . anck stare at he , thrilled . anck ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) you be heal ! the curse be go ! imhotep look stunne , he stare at he hand in despair . imhotep ( ancient egyptian - subtity ) ~ but so be my power . o™ for the second time in he life , imhotep look vulnerable . anck just grin like the chesire cat and carress he face . anck do not fear , my love . if he kill you . she hold up the book of the dead . anck ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) ! ext . pyramid — day evy lie dead on the ground . o’ connell take Alex 's jacket and start to cover she face , he can not bring himself to do it . he tuck the jacket under she chin and gently smoothes it over she chest . he stand up and look at Alex and Jonathan . o’ connell stay here . he give one last sad look down at evy , and then he face go hard and he turn and stride towards the pyramid . 0 's connell I be go to finish this . int . keyroom - day the High Priest solemnly step up to a bas-relief of human skull and bone embed into thick gold , shape into a large scorpion . in each of it 's arm be a small , gold , close - quarter combat weapon . the High Priest look at the bracelet , now on he wrist , then at a hole in the scorpion 's mouth . he shove he hand into the hole up to he elbow , then turn he arm like a key . there be the SOUND of a lock be unlocked and then a vaporous '' electrical charge '' spread out from the hole and pass over the entire room , clear the gold wall of fungus and mold . the High Priest stare in wonder . int . tunnel — day a torch wipe frame . it 's o’connell , creep down a tunnel , unarm but for the torch . the gold wall be cover in green mold and fungus . o’connell 's eye widen as the vaporous electrical charge come racing down the tunnel wall . he spin around as it pass by he . the fungus and mold on the wall be wipe clean . the gold look brand spanking new . ext . desert — day the vaporous electrical charge spread out across a giant dune make of black sand . as it subside , we pan : to reveal a golden sand dune opposite the black one . thousands upon thousand of medjai Warrior crest the gold dune on horse . ardeth bey scan the black sand , then look off and see the tip of the gold pyramid rise above the distant dune . int . keyroom ~ day o’ connell enter the keyroom . the High Priest be struggle to withdraw he arm , which be stick inside . high priest you be too late , o’connell ! I have release the Army of anubis ! Lord imhotep shall soon take command ! O'Connell pull a small ancient double - ax out of the gold scorpion 's grasp . o'connell not after I get through with he . the bracelet get unstuck and the High Priest start to withdraw he arm , -- then suddenly he arm be grabbed from inside . the High Priest 's eye widen in terror . he start tug on he arm , try to wrench it free . then he start scream in agony as the SOUND of something eating he arm be hear , and the crunching of bone and the gnashing of hideous teeth . o' connell back away , half horrify , half gratify . the High Priest finally rip he arm out , or what 's leave of it , -- under he tear robe there 's only a stump . the High Priest stagger off down a tunnel scream in pain . o’ connell back out of the room , double~ax . up . not . statuary maze — day imhotep and anck creep through a maze of gold statuary and up to a spooky , mist shroud gateway . imhotep grab two small combat weapon off a statue and turn to anck . imhotep ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) I must face the scorpion King alone . c--- anck nod , stare at he for a beat , then set the Book of the Dead down , grab he face and kiss he passionately . ext . pyramid — day Jonathan and Alex be kneel next to evy 's dead body . Alex be sobbing . Jonathan be devastate and hugging he tight . jonathan try and .. , try and think of it like this , Alex , — she 's .. she 's in a better place .. like the good book say — -~ Alex jerk himself away from Jonathan , eye on fire . alex what ? jonathan what -what ?? alex -- that 's it ! that 's it ! jonathan what 's it ? what 's it ? Alex leap to he foot and start pull at Jonathan . alex C ’mon uncle jon ! I get a idea ! int . netherworld — day O'Connell walk through a strange netherworld : weird smoke and eerie shadow play across the stygian landscape . Water drip . a distant wind howl . he see imhotep stand in front of a giant go mount near a set of huge door . O'Connell start to jump over a crevice . imhotep bang the go with a '' gongpole '' . the entire chamber trembles from the vibration . o' connell lose he balance and almost fall into the crevice . he look down into it , -- it drop to eternity . ext . dune — day ten thousand medjai prepare for battle along the top of the golden dune . ardeth bey suddenly sense something come , like a wave at night , dark and terrifying . he look over to see the black dune starting to come alive with writhing form . CUT tighter : to-see that the black sand be slowly forming itself into thousand of hideous anubis warrior . int . tunnel - day Jonathan and Alex carry evy 's inert body down a tunnel . jonathan you realize of course that it can only be do by someone who can actually read ancient egyptian . I do not know about you , but I be a tad rusty . they come to a fork in the tunnel . alex go leave . jonathan how do you know ? Alex nod to some ancient hieroglyphs above the leave doorway . alex '' iman kasheesh ifran osirian nye '' , basically , '' this way to the scorpion King '' . Jonathan look at he . Alex give he a sad little grin . alex mum teach I . Jonathan be stunne . J this just might work . int . scorpion king cavern — day imhotep bang the go , then start to set the gongpole down . o' connell leap forward and swinging the double - ax at he . imhotep quickly lift the pole . the ax cleave into it . get stick in the wood . the man struggle . the ax and the pole be throw across the floor and skitter down into the crevice . the two man square off . o’ connell look like a man possess . o'connell never think I have have to kill you again . imhotep grin . they start to circle each other . : o'connell but I be happy to get the chance . ext . sand dune — day the Army of anubis , two thousand hideous creature strong , vaise they spear , sword and trident and shriek wildly . without a word , ardeth bey and the ten thousand medjai raise they scimitar . fiercely determine . int . statuary maze — day anck be stare through the gateway when she hear somebody clear they throat . she turn and look . it 's Jonathan . he put up he duke , English style . jonathan come and get it , you wench ! anck smirk , then set the book down and stride forward . Jonathan start to bob and weave . jonathan this be for my sister . Alex sneak up and grab the book . he look over in time to see anck plaster Jonathan with two front jab to he face . int . netherworld — day o' connell and imhotep viciously and relentlessly punch , kick , elbow and backhand each other . expertly fight hand - to-hand across the floor . suddenly , the entire chamber trembles . the two man freeze and look around . something 's come . o’ connell recover first and throw a hook into imhotep 's jaw . imhotep slam up against a weapon - wield scorpion statue . he grab a small trident and a scythe . o’ connell step over to another statue and grab two of the same . they start to circle . ext . sand dune — day a anubis warrior screech a command . the anubis warrior charge forward . ardeth bey yell a command . the medjai gallop forward . the anubis Warrior race across the sand , full bore . the medjai crash into the anubis warrior . the battle begin . int . statuary maze — day anck wheel around with a roundhouse kick . knock Jonathan back into a statue . Jonathan grab a spear . anck grab a ax . she move in for the kill . Jonathan desperately back away . jonathan hurry up , Alex !! — ~ 971 Alex sit next to he mother , Book open , concentrate . alex hootash naraba oos veesloo . ahm kum ra . ahm kum dei. anck slice Jonathan across the chest . he cry out . int . netherworld ~— day o' connell and imhotep go at each other like gladiator . weapon in both hand . two highly skilled warrior . the fight be lightning quick . the cavern trembles harder . it 's get closer ext . sand dune — day ardeth bey fight like a tiger , decapitate anubis Warrior leave and right . all around he the medjai and the anubis creature be battle each other to the death . ardeth bey be suddenly knock off he horse . int . maze — day Alex be desperately try to figure out the inscription . alex efday shokran ..? efday shokran ..? I do not know what this last symbol be !! Jonathan frantically raise he spear , try to defend himself as anck batter the hell out of he . jonathan what 's it look like !? fluster , Alex start flap he arm like a bird . alex it 's a. , it 's a. , it 's a bird ! a stork ! anck grab Jonathan by the throat , slam he up against a statue and start strangling he . Jonathan choke — jonathan ah --! ah --! ahmenophus ! Alex light up . alex that 's it ! efday shokran ahmenophus ! int . netherworld — day o’ connell start hammering imhotep , clearly get the best of he . the whole place trembles . it 's get very close . ext . dune ~ day the medjai be actually beat the anubis Warrior , clearly get the upper hand . int . maze statuary — day Jonathan be slam up against a wall , stunne and choke . anck smile , quite pleased with herself . she raise she trident , then lunge forward for the final blow ! a hand grab she wrist , --slap ! stop the blade from pierce Jonathan 's throat . anck 's head whip around to see who grab she . -- it 's evy . she shove anck away . the two woman face off . Alex step up . alex hey mum , can I throw a rock at she ? evy keep she eye on anck . evy the two of you go help you father . alex but mum — evy -- no but . I 'l ] be fine . Jonathan grab Alex and start to hustle he away . alex what about mum !? jonathan she say she would be fine . when be the last time you mother be ever wrong about . anything ? anck wield she trident and stare at evy . anck nefertiri . evy grab another small trident off a statue and stare back . ny evy anck-sunamun . anck smile , pleased that evy know who they both be . anck good . they raise they weapon . int . netherworld — day O'Connell and imhotep clash and lock steel . the two man go face - to-face . stare into each other 's angry eye . and that 's when the huge door burst OPEN . for a beat , there be nothing there , and then the scorpion king slowly lower himself down from the ceiling , still partly hide in shadow . from the waist up , he 's exactly how we remember he ; a huge , muscular , vicious warrior , but from the waist down , -- he 's avery large scorpion . a egyptian minotaur . O'Connell and imhotep stare in awe at the horrid creature , then they look at each other , then back at the scorpion King . the two man break away from each other and back off in opposite direction , keep they eye on the creature . ext . dune — day the last anubis warrior go down . the medjai burst into cheer . all except ardeth bey and a few commander stand near he . they know it 's not over . int . statuary maze — day evy and anck be have a exact recap of the fight they have three thousand year ago . use the small trident , the two gorgeous woman expertly punch , kick , elbow and backhand each other as they brilliantly fight across the maze floor . int . netherworld - day the scorpion King suddenly and quite angrily scuttle up to imhotep . imhotep back away , then , think quick , he grab he scalp and rip the skin off the top of he decrepit skull . he kneel down and slap he hideous dry skulicap . imhotep mi phat ahs ! mi phat ahs ! ( subtitle ) I be you disciple ! the scorpion King stop and stare down at he , then slowly nod and turn and head for o0 's connell . imhotep lift he eye , grin evilly . he 's fool he . O'Connell back up into a pillar , terrify , then slap he own head and try to mimic imhotep 's ancient egyptian : o'connell my fat ass ! my fat ass ! the scorpion King lash down at he with one of he big skeletal pincer . o' connell dive out of the way just as the pincer shear through the pillar . o’ connell run like hell . the High Priest suddenly stumble into he path , hold he stump and whimper . o’ connell grab a helmet off a statue , slap it onto the High Priest 's head , then turn he around and kick he in the ass , send he towards the scorpion King . the High Priest look up in stunne amazement as the scorpion King storm up to he . the High Priest suddenly recover and yell : high priest mi phat ahs ! mi phat ahs ! he pat he head , -- but the helmet be cover he skull . his eye widen in panic . he quickly try to get the helmet off , but it 's stick tight to he head . the scorpion King 's pincer grab the High Priest around the waist and lift he up . the . High Priest scream in terror . the pincer CUT he in half . ext . dune — day the remain medjai be still cheering when a strange SOUND stop they cold . ardeth bey quickly turn to the dune behind they , clamber up it and look over the other side . spread out across the plain in front of he be fifty thousand anubis warrior . the medjai be vastly outnumber . ardeth bey Allah save we . int . statuary maze — day anck be viciously throw to the floor . evy lunge forward , stop she knife a quarter inch before it plunge into anck 's neck . evy 's eye be on fire , she want to do it badly . anck force herself to smile . anck-sunamun '' ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) you have improve greatly , princess nefertiri . — ~ and that 's when they hear the scorpion King bellow in fury . evy be distract . anck knock the trident away and take off run . evy haul tail after she . int . netherworld — day '' 's connell be slammed up against a wall next to a life size cartouche of a man . o’ connell shake off the cobweb in he head , then notice the cartouche . it 's actually hold the scepter of osiris . and then o’connell 's eye get really big . we go tight on the tattoo on o’connell 's arm , then pan over to the cartouche 's arm , it have the exact same masonic templar tattoo ! the scorpion King 's tail suddenly pulverize the cartouche , miss o’connell 's head by a inch . o’ connell leap away . dive and roll . pop up on he foot . o * connell okay , okay , I be a believer , I be a believer . he look back at the cartouche wall , -- which be actually a pictograph , multiple cartouche 's of the same man : hold the scepter of osiris ; fiddling with the head of it ; and then telescoping it out into a spear ! the last cartouche show the man throw the spear at a likeness of the scorpion King . o'connell that 's it . o’ connell duck as the scorpion King 's tail whip over he head and take out another pillar . he take off run . Jonathan and Alex race into the cavern and skid to a stop , they go wide - eye as they see the scorpion King crashing through the landscape chase o’connell . o0 's connell see they . 0 's connell Jonathan ! Alex ! it 's a spear ! the scepter be a spear ! it open up into a spear ! jonathan yes ? and ? o’connell it can kill he !! jonathan ah ! I seel Alex quickly grab 's the scepter away from Jonathan . gimme that ! from across the cavern , imhotep see the scepter . imhotep {ancient egyptian — subtitle ) the scepter of osiris ! ext . dune — day the massive horde of anubis Warrior shriek wildly and then start to stampede across the plain , head right for the remain medjai . it 's go to be a very quick slaughter . the medjai look shocked and defeat . and then ardeth bey grit he tooth , clenches he sword and yell out a battle cry . the other medjai look at he . a true warrior to the bitter end . this give they courage . they all clench they sword and join in he battle cry . int . netherworld ~ day the scorpion King 's pincer and stinger slash and tear they way through the pillar and wall , try to kill O'Connell . Jonathan and Alex be decipher the hieratic on the scepter and futzing with the various indentation on the head of it . imhotep charge across the cavern , head for Alex and Jonathan . anck and evy race in . they both skid to a stop as they see the scorpion King 's pincer swat o’connell . evy riiick ! o' connell spiral through the air , slam into a wall and land on he ass , spread-eagled . he see evy . his face twist , half smile , half cry . o'connell oh my God , evy . -- the scorpion King 's stinger slam down between he leg , smashing a hole in the floor . o’ connell leap to he foot and grab he trident off the floor , suddenly full of life . o’ connell hurry up and use that damn thing will ya !! he whip the trident at the scorpion King , -- but it just bounce harmlessly off he shell . imhotep be twenty foot away from Alex and Jonathan and close quickly . Jonathan twist the bottom of the scepter , it slide OPEN , revealing a sharp tip . Alex grab it and telescope it out another four foot ; =- now it look just like a spear . Jonathan see imhotep come . he snatch the spear away from Alex . jonathan move out of the way , I be a professional . he quickly aim it at the scorpion King . imhotep be almost on top of he . Jonathan throws it . imhotep scream : imhotep niiiiiy ! the scorpion King spin around and bat the spear away with he stinger . it spin off through the air . ext . dune — day the anubis Warrior race full bore at the medjai . shrieking wildly . a hundred yard away . now eighty yard . now sixty . fifty . forty . ardeth bey be to die . int . netherworld - day the spear spin across the room like a propeller . o’ connell leap up and grab it out of the air . Hit the ground run and heave the spear back at the scorpion King . it nail he right in the chest . with a terrifying scream of pain and rage , the scorpion King stagger back . imhotep can not believe it , he run towards the scorpion King howling in rage . imhotep niiiiyy !! the scorpion King look at o’connell and bellows horribly . o' connell fight he pain , grit he tooth and stare back . o'connell go to hell . the scorpion King explode into black vapor . total black out . ext . sand dune — day the medjai be three foot away from be stampede by the huge mass of anubis Warrior when all of a sudden the they explode into black sand and dissipate across the medjai . ext . pyramid / oasis — day thick black vapor explode out of all the arch around the pyramid and then . mushroom up into the sky like a thermonuclear blast . the giant mushroom cloud take the form of the scorpion king face scream in rage . ext . sand dune — day ardeth bey and the medjai watch as the horrific cloud quickly reach it 's apex . the scorpion King 's cloud face give one last bellow , and then the whole thing implode in on itself . actually be suck back into the pyramid . int . netherworld — day the whole place starte shaking like mad . the crevice split wider . o’ connell and imhotep be knock into it crevice . evy lunge forward . evy noooo !!! but she 's force back by all the razor sharp stalactite that start dropping like missile from the ceiling . inside the crevice : o’connell and imhotep cling to the crevice wall for dear life , below they be a drop to eternity . with the last of they strength they both manage to climb up to the edge of the crevice . but they be both start to lose strength . they can not hold on much longer . evy be desperate to dash to she husband and help he , but the stalactite keep fall . o' connell see the look in she eye . o* connell stay there evy ! you stay there ! imhotep desperately claw at the ledge . he see anck . imhotep anck-sunamun ! ( ancient egyptian — subtitle ) help I ! anck stare at imhotep . evy stare at o’connell . a minefield of deadly fall stalactite between they . evy go for it . running like mad for the man she love . anck turn and run off down a tunnel . imhotep can not believe he eye . imhotep anck -sunamun ! ! NY anck vanish down the tunnel . imhotep look like he whole world have just collapse . imhotep anck-sunamun ?? he look over and see evy dive up to the edge of the crevice and grab O'Connell 's arm . evy help yank O'Connell up and over the lip of the crevice to relative safety . o' connell and evy look at imhotep , who be totally devastate . he stare at they , a long beat , and almost smile . then he let 's go of the crevice wail and fall for eternity ... int . keyroom — day anck dash into the keyroom just as the far wall collapse , block she path , she see that she 's stand at the edge of a moat filled with wriggling scorpion . her eye widen in horror . she turn and start to run back the way she come . the room violently shake . anck lose she balance . her arm flail wildly as she teeter on the edge of the scorpion fill moat , she have just long enough to realize the ramification if she fall in , -- and then she fall in . anck scream and flail wildly as the mass of scorpion envelop and sting she . she sink into the mass of wriggle scorpion and , still scream , vanish under they . int . entranceway — day Inside the entranceway , black vapor and massive foliage be be sucked through every archway and down into a huge hole in the middle of the chamber . we heroes climb up out of a small hole in the floor , a solid gold arch behind they block they from get nail by the fly debris . they have to scream above the howling wind . evy how be we go to get out of here !? o' connell spot some stair inside the arch . o*’ connell follow I ! they all race into the arch and up the stair . q 100 ext . pyramid — day o' connell , Alex , evy , and Jonathan crawl out of a crack in the side of the gold pyramid , about midway to the top . they mouth drop open as they look out and see : the entire oasis be be sucked into the pyramid : palm tree , bush , shrub , massive quantity of dirt and debris , as well as ancient corpse and hissing pygmy skeleton . the pyramid itself begin to shake violently . o'connell this whole damn thing 's gonna get suck in ! O'Connell quickly look around and then instinctively start run up the step of the pyramid . o'connell let 's go ! let 's go ! let 's go ! they all race to the top and look out : a massive wave of foliage be head right for they , completely encircle they , they be trap . evy oh my God . o' connell wrap one arm around evy , the other around Alex . there be no way out . and then they hear a voice : izz¥ ( o.s. ) hey111 they all turn around , -- the blimp be rise up behind they . izzy at the wheel . o'connell izzy !! izzy hurry up ! I be not get all day !! o’ connell hoist Alex and evy up into the trawler and then jump after they . izzy pull a lever , shoot flame out of the bellow and up into a hole in the blimp . the blimp start to rise quickly . and that 's when Jonathan jump . he slam into the side of the boat , lose he grip and fall , -- but he foot get tangle in some fishing net along the side of the boat and now he 's hang upside down . 101 the diamond tip of the pyramid glint in Jonathan 's eye . he quickly reach over and grab it just as the whole damn pyramid be sucked down into the earth . CUT wide : the blimp rise up just as the massive wave of foliage crash down , a near miss . with one last mighty roar , all the foliage be sucked into the earth , --whump !! and then the oasis be go . completely obliterate . everything go dead quiet . the blimp rise above a valley of dusty , sandy desert that be once the Oasis of ahm shere . int . blimp — day Jonathan crash to the floor of the boat , cling to the big chunk of polished . diamond that be once the tip of the pyramid , he hug it tightly , grin to himself . evy and Alex run up and hug izzy and thank he profusely . izzy be both pleased and embarrassed by all the attention . then he see o’connell slump up against the wall of the trawler , wince and look really beat-to-shit . izzy O'Connell ! you look like something 's my cat cough up ! who the heli you be messin’ with this time ? o'connell oh , you know , mummy , big bug , pygmy skeleton , . the usual . izzy smile . o’ connell smile back , then he look out and see the medjai battlefield below . a lone rider stand out . o' connell step up to the railing . evy , Alex and Jonathan come up and flank he . they all look down . ext . dune — day ardeth bey sit on a horse . he smile up at he friend in the s. and then with a open palm he touch he heart and wave it towards the sun . ardeth bey harum bara shad . thank you again , ny friend . ext . blimp — day o’ connell salute he . evy wave . then o’connell look at evy . o'connell I think I lose you . 102 evy for a moment there you do . she give he a mischievous grin . evy you want to know what heaven look like ? o' connell just stare at she . o'connell I already know . he wrap he arm around she and they kiss . Jonathan and Alex roll they eye in disgust . jonathan / alex oh pu-leeeze ! izzy grin , turn the wheel and throttles up . the blimp sail off into the sunset . the end