the babysitter written by Brian duffield int . nurse 's office - day cole be twelve year old and lose he mind . he stand with he back against the wall , hand raise . cole I do not need it ! I be tell you . the school nurse be not convinced . and also not happy . school nurse Cole . just because you do not feel sick right now do not mean you do not need the shot . cole I never get sick . so you can take that - he point to the disposable syringe she 's hold . cole ( cont 'd ) and give it to Barry . his nose be always run - school nurse there 's nothing to be scared of . Cole freeze . cole I be not scared . int . boy 's stall - two minute later Cole try he best not to cry while he inspect the little band - aid on he arm . his best be not good enough . he 's in that perfectly awkward stage between be a cute kid and a handsome teen . some asshole bang on he stall door - Cole jump hard - some asshole ( 0.s. ) pussssayyyy . and the asshole walk out of the bathroom laugh . ext . school entrance - day Cole be wait for the school bus beside melanie , another twelve year old . also he neighbor . also definitely not a potential love interest for Cole so whoever tell you that be a idiot and a liar and loser and a- melanie do you know that only one baby be bear on the mayflower ? how crazy be that shit . his name be , literally , oceanus . he do not even have a nationality . he be a citizen of the sea , I guess . cole what class do you learn that in ? melanie no one learn anything in class , Cole . that 's why we have the internet . a new suv pull up and Melanie wave to she annoying dad . melanie ( cont 'd ) we just get it . it 's pretty sweet . have dvd in the back , and like , a million horse power . cole cool . she climb into the passenger seat . melanie dad , can we give Cole a ride too ? melanie 's annoying dad Cole , be you parent expect you to take the bus ? cole ( shrug ) I guess so . Melanie 's Annoying dad shrug back annoyingly . melanie 's annoying dad then you gotta take the bus , sport ! sorry about that . cole I do not even ask to - they start pull away . Melanie wave bye and - ext . suburban STREET - day Cole walk home alone from the bus stop . he turn around when the familiar sound of bicycle emerge from behind he . three kide on bike . he hate this jerk , but what be you gonna do . jeremy be the leader . he 's fourteen . so he 's cool as shit . do not even worry about he friend 's name . they be not important , because they be not Jeremy . jeremy colenoscopy ! how 's it hang ? cole I dunno . okay . jeremy speak of hang , have you ball drop yet ? no-name kid cackle . Cole mumble something . jeremy ( cont 'd ) sorry man , I do not catch that . cole I say why be you so interested in my ball . one of the other biker slap Cole upside the head . he be expect that . jeremy dude , the last thing I care about be ball . on Saturday , I hook up with shelly macentyre . cole ... the sophomore ? jeremy the sophomore . but in many way , she be a senior . cole I do not believe you . Cole get smack upside the head by a different biker . jeremy it do not matter if you believe I . it 's not like you belief in I will validate what happen to my dick . ya wanna know how it be ? cole ( kinda ) no , not really . jeremy I will not lie . as a fourteen year old , in that kind of situation with a sixteen year old that look like shelly macentyre , it be overwhelming . I mean , she 's a woman . fully . develop . I really have to focus so as not to disappoint , ya know what I be say . the other biker apparently know what he 's say . Cole 's not quite sure , so he do not say anything . jeremy ( cont 'd ) I say do you know what I be say . cole I guess . Jeremy block Cole 's path with he bike . jeremy I guess be not good enough . I feel like you be doubting I and I find that insulting . cole but you just say it do not matter if I believe you - jeremy I change my mind , bitch . Cole stare at he shoe sheepishly . cole Jeremy , I be not try to insul - Jeremy suddenly push Cole in the chest . he fall on he ass , he palm catch the road . he wince as - — Jeremy and he friend laugh until - a blue jeep stop near they . girl voice hey ! from the ground , Cole stare up as - the girl block out the sun for a moment as she square off with Jeremy , stare down at he pimply little face . the girl do you just touch Cole ? jeremy ( act tough ) ( scared though ) so what if I do . she turn he around real fast , read he sewn in name tag on he back pack . she 's maybe a full foot taller than Jeremy . the girl Jeremy . check it out . the girl raise up she key and start flick through they . the girl ( cont 'd ) you so much as think about Cole again , I will - she lean in and whisper for a very long time to Jeremy . his expression go from cocky - to nervous - — to terrify . the girl ( cont ’d ) ( out loud ) and then I be go to burn you house down . cool ? with a pointy key , she stab he bike tire , pop it . the girl ( cont ’d ) now get out of here before I run you over , you little pap smear . 6 . Jeremy obey , try to ride he flat - tired bike , the no - name kid close behind . in the middle of the street , the girl sit beside Cole . the girl ( cont ’d ) hey , coley . cole hey , bee . now be a good time for you to know that as far as Cole be concerned , God make woman and then God make bee . she be a knock out senior who actually listen to he when he talk . she be better than STAR war . bee you skin you palm ? cole it do not hurt . bee yes it do . c’mere . she grab he hand and tenderly pick out some of the gravel . bee ( cont ’d ) they bother you a lot ? he shrug . bee ( cont ’d ) ya gotta just punch ‘em in the dick . do not hit they in the face , cuz then if you leave a mark they parent be gonna call you parent and it 's just the worst . and if they be chase you , wait until they have almost get you . then drop like a bag of rock . and then when they trip over you and be on the ground ... kick ‘em in the dick . she finish he hand . smile at he . cole can I help you burn down he house ? bee like I would ever do that without you . int . bee 's jeep - day bee be laugh . the window be down . the radio be up . bee the sophomore ? cole that 's what he say . bee screw that guy . the close he 's come to get laid be HBO . the close she 's come be a tampon . also , she 's totally gay . and I do not mean that disparagingly . I mean she date chick . so do not worry about it . Cole smile to himself , no longer worry about it . say be God 's gospel , after all . bee ( cont ’d ) how the folk ? cole better I think . bee Hotel therapy be work ! that 's great for all of we . they stay happy , we get to hang out , I get pay . cole I be like you little prostitute . bee burst out laugh . bee what ? cole like , I have to pay you to hang out with I . bee laugh harder . what bee bee no , that would make I a prostitute . and you parent the client . that 's a terrible analogy . that 's maybe the worst one ever . Cole be embarrassed . cole oh. I be sorry . bee notice and smile . bee besides , I would hang out with you either way . cole really ? bee one hundred percent . I get maybe two year top before you be too cool to hang out with I . cole that 's not true . you will be in college by then . bee whatever . you 'il still be too cool . Cole smile and look out the window . cole I 'il never be too cool . ext . cole 's home - day bee 's blue jeep pull up outside Cole 's home . bedroom place in a neighborhood full of they . bee tomorrow night . you. me. Party . cult will be form over night like the night we will have . cole sound good . it 's a cute two they reach they pointer finger out to each other , E.T. poster style . they make electric buzzing noise when they touch . bee see ya , cee . cole ba-bye , bee . she drive off and Cole head into he house - as Melanie and she Annoying dad pull up to the house next door . int . cole 's home - continuous no one seem to be home . Cole walk through the live room , pass the stair that lead to the second floor . he go into the kitchen , where a note be tape to a fridge that say : in the crawl space . agggghhh . Cole scrunches up he face . int . garage - day Cole chew a fruit roll - up as he make he way through they cluttere garage that dad always promise to clean and never do . ext . the home 's crawl space - day Cole 's mom be under the crawl space beneath they house . the small gate unscrewe and put off to the side . Cole hand she mouse trap , which he hear she set . cole do you like it under there ? mom ( laugh ) no , Cole , I do not like it under here . it 's pretty much the worst . cole thennnnnnn why be you under there ? mom well , sometimes be a grow up mean do thing that suck . 10 . cole thennnnn why be not dad under there ? a different kind of laugh from Mom . mom he say he do not fit under here . Cole survey the open . it definitely look like he could fit under there . mom ( cont 'd ) buuuuut it 's really because he 's scared . that , or , he really do not care if we get rat . which I guess be possib - cole do you think I be a pussy , Mom ? Mom have no reaction for a moment . mom do you know what that word mean , Cole ? cole like , afraid of everything . mom um . I think you be at a time in you life where a lot of thing be scary . and as you get older , that thing will stop frightening you as much . she pull herself out of the crawl space . her face be a little dirty . there be web in she hair . mom ( cont 'd ) how do I look ? cole like a crappy haunt house character . mom like the warm up creep they have outside before you actually get in ? cole pretty much . 11 . she pick up a power drill from he and start drilling the gate back over the space . mom get I a drink , buddy ? he nod and start to walk away . but stop . cole Mom . I know a pussy be also a vagina . I be not retarded . mom Cole ! do not say retarded ! cole but I can say pussy or vagina ? she laugh . mom lemonade ! he smile and mosey into the home . int . dad be car - night they be in a mall parking lot . it 's after hour , so completely empty . Cole be in the driver 's seat . dad in the passenger . dad how they window look ? cole look good . dad Roger that . Radio distracting ? cole it 's not on . dad then it 's distracting . he turn it on . look for the perfect sound track for he son 's drive lesson . dad ( cont 'd ) parking brake ? cole nope . dad hand ? cole ten and two . dad hold up a picard hand . dad engage . 12 . and Cole begin to drive around the empty lot . he love it , go all of twenty mile a hour . cole be you and mom go to get a divorce ? dad stop try to find the perfect song and look at Cole . dad you wait until you start to drive to ask that question ? cole if I do not like the answer I x11 just drive we into the bloomingdale . dad at least drive we into jc penney . it 's so much cheaper . cole you do not get a say . I be behind the wheel . I have the power . dad I have create a monster . multiple time over . and no , we be not get a divorce . cole then why do you keep go away together for the weekend ? dad ( sigh ) Marriage take a lot of work . and sometimes routine can be ... I do not know . you mom like hotel . ( more ) 13 . dad ( cont 'd ) you know what it be ? Marriage be a fire and you gotta , ya know , keep it go . and sometimes the weather change and you be like , aw crap , it 's raining ! and you just gotta work harder so the fire do not go out . make sense ? Cole shrug . the answer be no . cole what do you even do there ? dad at the hotel ? oh. huh . we go out to eat . sometimes they have spas . you mom like musical , so I pay my due . ( then ) besides , you get to hang out with bee . I can not wait until you be thirty and we can talk about how lucky you be . ( then ) do kid make fun of you for still have a baby sitter ? cole yeah . dad I be sorry . you know , we do not have to call she that - cole but then they see she and they get really jealous . dad Hell yeah they do ! dad raise a hand for a high five . Cole let go of the wheel to hit it . the car swerve . dad grab the wheel in a panic . they laugh . it 's a good night . int . parent 's bedroom - night Cole walk into he parent 's room to find they watch tv . Mom be work on bill . dad be watch . 14 . they be not really connect . cole what be you watch ? mom mad Men . you would not like it . cole it 's on HBO ? Mom try not to laugh . dad Nah , it 's not dirty . it 's just dense . it would go over you head . we will rewatch it together in a few year . cole oh. alright . Cole stand there awkwardly . mom need anything buddy ? Cole shrug and mosey on back to he room . int . cole 's bedroom - five minute later Cole 's bedroom be you typical twelve year old 's bedroom . Movie poster . monster toy . ya book . his window overlook the wood and Melanie 's house next door . he sit on he bed with a hand - me-down laptop . he watch a stream of mad Men . he pay more attention than any twelve year old have ever pay to mad Men . he will unlock the secret of - int . cole 's bedroom - morning Cole wake up . laptop slump beside he on the bed , out of battery . he try grind the sleep from he eye . he 's learn nothing . 15 . int . school bus - morning Cole sit beside Melanie on the way to school . cole so I think they go to have sex but it just make I feel like they go to get away from I . melanie they be definitely have sex . but they probably have sex when you be at home too . cole they do not . they just watch tv . melanie hotel have tvs . Cole have never think of this . cole I never think of that . melanie besides , I bet bee have boy over at you place all the time . do it . this make Cole much more uncomfortable than the previous topic . cole no way . not a chance . melanie dude , that 's what babysitter do ! they put the kid down , sneak they boyfriend in . do it . I mean seriously , have you ever be awake after she 's fall asleep . Cole think about this . the answer be nope . melanie ( cont 'd ) do you hear that Jeremy tell everyone that she threaten to cut he mom 's throat and force feed he she spleen ? Cole be blank for a moment . cole that 's the best thing I have ever hear . melanie I know , right ! ext . school yard - day 16 . Cole eat a sandwich by the school gate . across the street be the high school . he glance up and see bee with a group of fellow student . even from across the street , Cole can see that she head be suspiciously rest on a nerdy guy shoulder . Cole try to mask how much this upset he . int . cole 's dad ( v.o. ) oh my goddddd . S home - day dad anxiously wait by the door as Mom park inside . Cole watch tv behind he . Mom walk dad we say we be gonna leave at five , do not we ? cole please do not involve I . dad it 's almost five thirty . this be the problem ! in . see dad 's wif face . mom uh oh . dad five thirty ! mom so ? dad we be suppose to leave at five ! and head mom six . dad five ! mom if we be leave at five , where 's bee . bee be nowhere . dad notice this . sigh . mom ( cont 'd ) well this trip 's off to a great start . the door bell ring . int . cole 's home - fifteen minute later . 17 . Cole hurry to the door . before he open it , smooth out he hair and - open the door to reveal bee . bee what up , dawg . cole what up , gee . they do they E.T. finger move and bee come in . Mom and dad bustle out , ready to leave . mom hiya , bee . bee hi , Mrs. Johnson . Mr. Johnson . where you guy head tonight ? dad it 's a surprise ! mom the Hyatt . dad oh . well , there will be more surprise ! 18 . mom probably not . you guy be good ! bee oh , we will . Mom kiss Cole 's head goodbye . he hate it . mom bye , buddy . cole bye , Mom . dad hold out he hand for a manly handshake . Cole hate it . dad remember son , you be the man of the house . protect she from all enemy . cole okay , dad . Mom and dad walk out to the car . they get in . bee and Cole wait by the door . Mom and dad drive off . beep a few time . Cole and bee look at each other . it 's on , bitch . int . kitchen - night dough . pizza sauce . pepper . all the meat . all the cheese . cooking . bee so you be basically say , intergalactic dream team . cole yeah , so like , there 's a epic villain , right ? and use time travel - bee from terminator or Star Trek ? cole terminator 's not intergalactic . not yet , anyway . ( more ) 19 . cole ( cont 'd ) but it 's science fiction so you can make you own rule up . bee that make sense . cole so use time travel , you have to fill a starship full of the best people or alien or robot to take down the villain . bee contemplate . bee how many seat do I have ? cole five. bee five ! cole Fine , six , if you need like , a duo . and you can not have like , predator and the xenomorph together , because they would fight and the mission would be futile . bee no , I get it . hmm . she count out she squad . bee ( cont 'd ) one , kirk . two , picard . Three , will Smith and Jeff goldblum from Independence Day . five , ripley and six , be you ready for this shit ? a xenomorph egg , so here 's the plan . kirk and picard team up to captain - cole why do you need both ? bee because a girl 's get need . they team up to get we to the big bad , because you know he have have like , obstacle . cole probably . bee then when they get close , they send goldblum and will to get inside the lair . they have experience with that . cole Fair . bee now this whole time ripley 's be bitching about the xenomorph egg and shit , cuz that 's she move . but she know she 's gotta do this because it 's the only way to save the world . cole the universe ! bee yes ! so will and goldblum get she inside . ripley personally drop off the egg , the facehugger attack the big bad . ripley make it back to goldblum and will , the big bad attack , they narrrrrrowly escape , kirk and picard supply cover as the scout craft return home , they peace out of there , then the big bad start feel like shit and - she shove she hand through the inside of she shirt , chest - burster style . bee ( cont 'd ) he 's out ! cole who say he be a he ? bee shut up . a woman just save the galaxy . cole be facehugger female ? bee contemplate this too . bee I do not think so , right , cuz they get dick ? 21 . cole so you be say it take a dick to save the galaxy . bee stare at he . bee I wanna do over . cole no do over ! bee alien do not abide by we primitive gender stereotype ! cole what 's do be do . bee you suck . you suck and I hope you die . cole you could not live without I . bee it would definitely effect my income . so you be probably right . the oven ding . pizza time . int . live room - night bee and Cole be watch a r-rated movie that he 's probably not allow to watch . Cole sit close to bee , pretend he 's not as scared as he be . cole do you think my parent be gonna get a divorce . bee I do not know man . I hope not . cole Melanie 's parent get divorced . now she mom life with she boyfriend . bee Gross . that 's the cute chick next door right ? cole Mrs. dryer be not cute . she 's gross . her boyfriend 's like , twenty - bee not she ! Melanie . a brief pause . cole I would not say she 's cute . bee I would . I would say she be extremely super duper cute . cole I know what you be try to do , and it 's not gonna work . bee whatever . you want you tongue to touch . cole no I do not . bee yes you do . cole nope . no way . bee you be in denial . cole you be in ... asshole . bee laugh . bee that be great . cole thanks . bee but you will be okay if they break up . it happen . this be America . ( more ) 23 . bee ( cont 'd ) shit stink . you can not trust anyone you love to be there for you for the rest of you life . unless you die really young . in which case you get a better shot . cole do you ever think about how like , when I be fifty , technology will probably have advanced and I could like , download my brain into a super robot and live forever ? bee I think about you at fifty become a super immortal robot literally all of the time . bee see the time . she look bee try bee ( cont ’d ) shit , dude , it 's late . cole I be not tired . bee I know you be not , but I be . at he . bee ( cont ’d ) if I give you a shot , will you go to sleep . cole a shot of what . to determine what he might want to drink . bee vvvvvvooooooginnnnnnrrummmabbbbbbss siiiiiinntthbbbbaaaileys ! Bailey ! Cole can not help but agree . bee ( cont ’d ) you my man . i’1l be right back . you wanna clean up ? cole no. 24 . bee thanks , babe . she skip away to the kitchen , leave Cole . he smile and walk over to close the blind when - he look outside the window and see - — across the street - a car parked . but full of people . he can not make out much more than that . he eye they for a moment , the wheel in he head turn - when bee return with a shot glass , yawn . bee ( cont ’d ) here you be , my good sir . he take it . she hold on . bee ( cont ’d ) and remember , you do not say a word of this to you parent . ever . even when you be a fifty year old super immortal robot . cole my dad let I drink Mike 's all the time . bee I be sure he do . she smile and skip back to the kitchen . bee ( cont 'd ) one sec ! Cole have this one moment . he stare at the Bailey ... and suddenly dump it in a nearby plant . bee return with a shot glass . bum . bee ( cont ’d ) you drank it without I ! Cole shrug . try to be cool . 25 . cole sorry . melanie ( v.o. ) she 's totally get laid . int . cole 's bedroom - night Cole be facetime with Melanie . cole I be gonna find out . melanie you be such a little perv , watch people do it . cole I be not a perv . I just wanna know what happen after I go to sleep . melanie Way to throw away the whiskey . they give that stuff to baby to knock they out . cole I never say it be whiskey . melanie then what be it ? cole ... stronger shit . he hear bee come up the step . cole ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . he close the laptop unceremoniously as bee knock . cole ( cont 'd ) speak friend and enter ! bee ( 0.s. ) ( Ian mckellan voice ) melonnn . she push the door open and enter , check out the room as if it be the mine of moria . 26 . Cole laugh and bee smile . sit on he desk . she 's wear short short , and Cole 's eye flicker to she leg . this be not lose on she . bee ( cont ’d ) feeling bout ready for bed ? cole yeah I be - ( big yawn ) really tired . bee it 's the Bailey , man . like a gentler ambien . cole what 's a ambien . bee adult candy . you need anything ? Cole shake he head and wrap himself up in blanket . bee ( cont ’d ) cool. night , dude . co1e bee ? bee yup ? Cole , slightly worried the love of he life will soon know the touch of a different , obviously lesser man , choose he word with care . cole thanks for ... know I and ... treat I like I be okay . she lean against the door frame . bee you do not think you be okay ? Cole shrug . cole I feel weird most of the time . 27 . bee well , I like weird all of the time . and I be hot , so if I like it , imagine how all the girl will like you when you be a senior . Cole can not help but blush . cole see you in the morning . bee good night . she wink at he and turn off the light . when Cole hear she walk downstairs , he sit up . it 's on . five minute go by . Cole be play a game on he cellphone in the dark . Music off . he hear bee move stuff around downstairs and listen . fifteen minute go by . and he hear the soft step of someone come up the stair . he pocket he phone under the cover and pretend to be asleep as - — bee check on he . she say nothing . she walk into the room and look closer at he . he seem to be conk out . satisfied , she leave . Cole open he eye . that be definitely a little weird . twenty minute go by . and Cole listen as bee greet her friend at the door . most confusing of all though be the fact that they be not whisper . they be talk in they normal voice . clearly not afraid they could wake Cole up . he text Melanie . 28 . cole they be here ! there 's a bunch of people ! melanie omfg orgieeeee Cole 's not sure what that word mean . he toss the phone on the bed and creep closer to the door to eavesdrop . the voice be still muffle . there be definitely boy . Cole creep he door open just a touch . he can hear a little better . oddly , it sound like everyone be walk on plastic . man ( 0.s. ) so the spocker be the live long and prosper hand , do the good work . everyone downstairs laugh . nerd ( 0.s. ) and they like that ? man ( 0.s. ) the nasty one 's do . bee know what I be talk about . Cole hear a peck on the cheek . his eye go wide . bee ( 0.s. ) do not pay attention to Max . and do not ever , ever do that to I . everyone laugh . nerd ( 0.s. ) ( nervously ) it be ... I be never think of do that to you . bee ( 0.s. ) or anyone . nerd ( 0.s. ) or anyone ! cheerleader ( 0.s. ) I be boorrrred let 's draaaank ! the group cheer and proceed to probably go do shot . 29 . Cole close the door and rush back to he phone . he text . cole they be talk about Star Trek ! melanie that 's really disappoint ! you should go down there ! Film they ! Cole scrunches up he face . cole perv. melanie lol . Cole put the phone in he pocket and go back to the door . he open it a crack - they be back in the live room . so he sneak out the door . int . upstair hall - continuous Cole get down to he hand and knee and peer over the second floor balcony - where he see they sit in a circle in the live room . there be six of they , include bee . max . the man. dreadlock . football . fast five . allison . pixie . School paper . Network . JOHN the baptist . preacher kid . White boy . chariot of Fire . sonya . peppy . cheerleader . beauty and the Beast ( not the Disney one , the french one , you know with oh nevermind ) . and finally : SAMUEL . the nerd . do not fit in . especially with this guy . which be weird , consider Cole 's pretty sure this be the guy bee have she head rest on earlier . upstream Color . the entire live room floor be cover in plastic wrap . the group sit around , pass a bottle of liquor and and generally be teenager . a bottle sit in the middle of they . and naturally - that bottle be spin . it point at max ( 0000000000h ) - allison Truth or dare . max Truth I . allison who would you want to sleep with the most here . max Sonya . 30 . laugh the group laugh and cheer . except for the nerdy kid , who just kinda sit there awkwardly . JOHN the baptist you do not even have to think for that ! this be all the most fascinating thing that Cole have see . the bottle get spun again and - land on bee . max Truth or dare . bee stare straight at Samuel . bee dare . max make out ! bee smile , lean forward but - poor Samuel stand up . SAMUEL I be , I be sorry , this be kinda weird - ever bee stand up too . max stop be a pussy Sam . SAMUEL I be not ! I just , it 's weird , with all you guy stare - bee Sam . he look at bee , now stand in front of he . bee ( cont ’d ) just close you eye . pretend they be not here . SAMUEL close my eye do not mean they be not here . bee do you trust I ? 31 . after a moment , he nod . she wrap she arm around he neck . bee ( cont ’d ) then do not stress . just relax . this be fun . this be not weird . okay ? he reluctantly agree . SAMUEL okay . bee c’mere . she kiss he . and Cole 's heart break . he can not look away . try as he might - but wait . as they kiss , Max and John hand something to bee . she take it behind Samuel 's head and Cole see - that she have two knive in her hand . which she plunge into Samuel 's poor skull . what the fuck 33 . Cole slam back against the wall in terror . he do not know what to do . his hand shake . his mouth hang open . he do not understand - bee ( cont 'd ) shhh . shhh . it 's alright . Cole force he shaking body to peer down again - Samuel 's body be tremble . he keep try to breathe , but can not seem to exhale . only inhale . he stare at bee with understandably confuse eye . his body go slack , but bee hold he up with the knife in he head . bee ( cont ’d ) shhh . just let go . sonya ( sing ) let it go - bee shut up , Sonya ! show some respect . bee look back at the almost - dead Samuel . she smile . bee ( cont ’d ) you be help fulfil a great purpose . know this . Samuel stutter . SAMUEL ... I do not wanna be a great porpoise - and with that say , he eye fade out . and he die , be hold up by the knife stick out of he head , hold by the last girl he 'il ever kiss . Cole 's brain be explode a million time a second . max do he say porpoise ? 34 . JOHN the baptist I think he do . max ( laugh ) that 's so shitty . bee he do not even get to understand . she say this kind of sadly . Sonya and John have two urn . they hold they up by the knife . Max wrap he arm around Samuel 's chest . bee ( cont ’d ) ready ? sonya ready ready . with a gross squelch , bee pull the knife from he head . his leg twitches as she do as - blood slowly leak out on Sonya 's side while - a small geyser shoot John in the face . JOHN the baptist gasdfgasdfg max oh shit ! bee do not laugh . John , relax . John close he eye and mouth obediently , but still freak out internally . bee push he hand up , so the urn start collect the blood instead of he face . bee ( cont ’d ) there you go . he exhales . allison you look like carrie . 35 . JOHN the baptist allison , what be you even do ? I forget you be here . allison I be document it . JOHN the baptist with what ? allison my brain . I be obviously not go to write down a live account of how we sacrifice Samuel . JOHN the baptist well clever you , get I a paper towel and wipe sacrifice Samuel out of my darn eye . allison get up to get the paper towel - — bee do not throw they out . take they home , burn and then bury they . allison bury they where ? bee I do not care . it 's tradition , so probably in the earth . allison stomp into the kitchen - allison great , so I be just gonna carry bloody rag around . max no different than usual for you then . sonya oh snap . the group laugh . except allison . and except Cole , who be literally tremble . and not part of they group . yet . 36 . bee bring I the case . the group suddenly become very excite . like , quiet excited . Sonya hurry out of sight , and return with a red metal suitcase . she hand it carefully to bee , who undoe a combination and open it - a brown leather journal sit protect inside . some of the group gasp . Cole do not get it . bee ( cont ’d ) oh calm down . but she barely mean it as she gently pick the book up out of the case . sonya be that really it ? bee yeah , it 's really it . John the Baptist peer over bee 's shoulder as she open it up . JOHN the baptist what language be that ? bee the best language . alrighty , babe . let 's get start . take he blood into the kitchen , and we will get 1il ’man 's next . shit . time to go . Cole look up to he bedroom door . take a few very deep breath ... and start to slowly crawl inside . 37 . int . cole 's bedroom - continuous Cole very , very , very , very gently close the door - and dash for he phone . he ignore all the text from Melanie and go straight for - 911 he wait anxiously as it ring . through he window , we see a light come on at the house next door , and see Melanie eagerly try to get he attention - wanting the scoop on all the sex she presume be happen - until she see how utterly terrify he be . and become utterly terrify herself . 911 ( cont 'd ) 911 , what be you emergency ? he speak very softly . cole hi , my name be Cole Johnson and a.a.a. guy be just murder in my live room ? he , uh , the address be 2455 bigby drive . can , can you please send someone ? 911 you be do great , Cole . can you speak a little louder ? Cole shake he head . 911 ( cont 'd ) Cole , be you shaking you head ? cole y.ye . 911 that 's okay . we be send some help over right now . can you answer some more question for I ? he nod . 38 . 911 ( cont 'd ) okay , I can guess you be nodd so I will continue . be the victim a family member ? cole no he be a high school student boyfriend person . 911 and the attacker be still in the house ? cole yes . they be downstairs and have a blast . 911 how many be there , Cole ? Cole try to remember . cole too many . can you get my mom ? she 's at the Hyatt in the city . 911 of course Cole . now listen to I . it 's important that you stay hide - cole what if they come for I ? 911 then do not - a ding go off in Cole 's twelve year old head . cole I gotta protect myself . thanks . 911 nonono- he hang up the phone and take a deep breath . scan the room . quietly as he can , he begin search the room for something . in drawer . under the bed . 39 . behind book . until - he find it - the pocket knife . he open it up quickly and test it for sharpness on he finger . it barely break the skin . his cellphone ring back silently . 911 . he answer it . cole I find a knife . and hang up again . he quickly throw on a pair of jeans . sock . shoe . pocket the knife in he ... pocket . then go over to the window . he push it open as quietly as he can . Melanie open she window as well . melanie what 's go on ?! cole ( freaking out ) shhhhh ! !!! she get it . melanie ( silently , subtitle ) what 's go on ?! Cole do not answer she . he look out the window - it 's a long way down . fuck . Cole look up at Melanie . she move she arm up and down : ladder ? 40 . he look around he room ... and that 's when - Cole hear a bunch of feet on the stair . he look at Melanie , wave she away from the window . he throw the curtain close and - and dive on top of the bed . he role over so he be face the wall - pull the blanket over he so he jeans and shoe be not visible as - bee , Max , Sonya and allison enter the room . again , they do not particularly talk quietly . sonya ohmagod , this room be adorable . bee he 's so cute . you have no idea . Max flip through some of Cole 's book . max oh man , Jules verne ! I read some of this shit ! allison ( whisper ) wo not he hear we ? bee with the amount of drug I give he ? haillll no . and this might be the most heartbreaking moment of the evening so far for Cole . he face the wall , he big eye darting around . bee sit on the bed . Cole do he best not to tense . he close he eye lightly . bee ( cont 'd ) he 's be my biggest project . I have be watch he for two year . max 41 . damn girl . that 's some sadistic shit . bee it 's not sadistic . it 's a honor . she turn back to the other . bee ( cont ’d ) do you have the needle ? cole 's eye go wide the fuck OPEN . sonya yup ! she hand bee a small box . bee open it and pull out the container . and from that container - pull out the holy fucking shit it 's a syringe . Cole be do he very , very , very best to not have a full blow panic attack . and to keep pretend to be asleep . he try not to tense up - but — it 's - really - Fucking - hard - bee pet he head with she free hand . his eye close to she be shut - but the other be freaking the hell out - it would leave he skull if it could . and then bee - plunge the syringe into he arm - Cole 's tooth grit as hard as they can as he stop breathe - 42 . try he best not to give himself away as - bee take a vial of he blood and then - she twist it off - replacing it with a second vial . which quickly fill up . and then a third . and a FOURTH . max ya know , there 's a faster way to get all that blood . bee you know what happen when you kill someone ? max they die ? bee they stop making more blood . so this be basically a faucet for we . sonya what about Samuel ? bee sigh , the way you sigh when someone 's be a fuck idiot . bee Sonya , you have a listen problem . bee tie off the fourth and put it carefully in the container . she then slowly lean down to he arm - and kiss the pinprick wound . she leave she lip there for a long second . before whisper , as if he could hear she . bee ( cont ’d ) good boy . 43 . as she stand to leave the room , she see the curtain flap lightly in the breeze . she pause , fix she eye on it . wonder ... be that window open before ? and do it even matter ? she shrug it off and head for the door with the other . and in bed , Cole wait . he hear the door open . and the door shut . and the foot on the stair . and he wait until they be all downstairs . and then slowly exhales . he quietly crawl out of bed . he pull off the sheet . carry it to he desk by the window . he do not notice bee watch he . she be crouch by the door , watch he with absolutely no expression . Cole exhales , throw open the curtain . no Melanie in the other window yet . he kneel and tie one end of the sheet to the desk leg . bee watch . Cole finish the knot . tries it a few time . bee watch . he stand up and throw the sheet out the window . he peer out to see how far down it go . not far enough but ... it can work . he shake out he hand , try to psych himself up . 44 , and that 's when he start to get a little light head . he blink rapidly - reaches out for the desk - miss - Falls to the floor - out cold . black . int . the live room - 14 minute later Cole wake up . the situation be ... well ... totally fuck . he quickly discover that he 's tie to a chair . his hand in rope behind he back . the gang of high -schooler all watch he . include bee . but Cole 's mostly focus on max . because Max be pace back and forth , stretch he arm in front of he . shirtless . so Cole ask the obvious . cole why be he shirtless ? JOHN the baptist that 's you first question ? sonya how can you even ask that ? look at he ! Max stretch out he arm so Cole can look at he chisele body . cole I still do not get it - bee give he a cookie . Cole look at bee . her eye burn into he . but he hold she gaze . Sonya walk towards he with some cookie . she hold front of he mouth . cole ...- no , thank you . sonya eat the cookie . cole you eat the cookie . Sonya reply by take a big bite out of the cookie . chew . swallow . 45 . it in she open she mouth in front of he face so he can see that she really do swallow . sonya now eat it . cole .-- I just ... do not really like cookie . bee know that . everyone look at bee . she sigh . he 's right . but. bee you will feel better if you eat the cookie . Cole do not respond . bee ( cont ’d ) you faint , Cole . some of the group laugh . Cole try he best to not let on that the cool kid laugh at he hurt he feeling . his best be not good enough . 46 . cole no I do not . bee yes , you do . I know this because after I take four vial of blood from you , I wait in the room because something feel ... off . I crouch by the door , and a few second later , you get up , tie a sheet to the desk , throw the sheet out the window ... and faint . so . you blood sugar be low , eat the cookie . please . she say all of this fairly monotonously . but Cole can not help feel like - cole be you mad at I ? bee cook . Key . Cole reluctantly look at Sonya . and open he mouth . she lacklusterly shove it in there . and walk back to the other . Max keep pace . Cole keep chew . he swallow . cole I probably ... can not ask for a drink , right ? bee why be you awake , Cole . his eye go back to bee . cole I could not sleep . bee mhmm ? 47 . cole mhmm . Cole fidget nervously in the chair . his finger reach for he back pocket ... pocket knife , bitch ! bee I do not believe you . cole well ... I do not believe this . so. bee touché . cole thanks . bee wanna try again ? he open the knife , bitch ! cole okay , okay , fine . I be gonna go ... I be gonna go smoke in the wood . bee you be gonna go smoke in the wood . cole yeah . like , ya know . marijuana . bee raise a eyebrow . bee you smoke pot ? cole yeah . of course . the group silently stare at he . cole ( cont 'd ) okay , jeeze , it be gonna be my first time smoking pot . bee why do not you drink the Bailey ? 48 . he start cutting they rope , bitch ! cole why be he shirtless ? bee Cole . again , it 's almost painful for Cole to look she way . cole why have you take my blood ? bee why be you still lie to I ? cole why be I tie up ? bee why do not you drink the Bailey ? cole I do not like Bailey I only drink it because I want you to think I be cool , so , I do not know , why do you give a twelve year old alcohol ? bee because I put shit in that alcohol that should make they konk out for a solid eight hour , what else do you see ? cole I just see you ! and this asshole , who I do not know , in my house ! Cole look at they . at blood-stain John . cole ( cont 'd ) why be that dude cover in blood ! JOHN the baptist because no one would let I borrow a shirt . cole that 's not even a answer ! allison do he not realize there 's a mirror behind he ? 49 , Cole freeze and realize : everyone can see he try to cut the rope because of the decorative mirror on the live room wall behind he . bee well , he do now . Cole do not know what to do ... so he give they the finger . and keep cut . bee ( cont ’d ) why be you cut the rope ? cole because I do not like be tie up ? bee why do you have a pocket knife ? cole it be a gift . bee you know what I mean . cole I do not know anything ! bee look at Max . he smile . step towards Cole . Cole start cut the rope faster . sonya I love that he 's still cut the rope . cole you be not ... you be not gonna hit I . max no ? cole how do you explain that to a kid 's parent , huh ? 50 . bee dude , how do we explain any of this to you parent ? cole I will not say anything ! you know I ! I be really good with secret . I will not tell my parent that you be have a orgy and need my blood to do it . the whole group burst out laugh . even bee can not help but smile . this really hurt Cole . the group allison do you even know what a orgy be ? cole I be guess it 's something sad people do because they want other sad people to like they and they can forget for a few minute how sad they be in general . do not respond at first . JOHN the baptist that 's ... actually a solid answer . they look to bee . bee look bee it be for a science project , okay ? cole the orgy ? bee the blood . a orgy be when a bunch of people all have sex together . we probably would not need you blood for that . cole you coulda just ask . at he . cole ( cont 'd ) I woulda let you have some blood for science . 51 . bee smile . kinda move by this . bee I know you be scared of needle . and that 's when the familiar light of a cop car illuminate through the curtain outside . everyone look towards they . include Cole . who start cut way faster . bee ( cont ’d ) Cole . why be there a cop car outside ? cole I ... I do not know - bee do you call they ? cole no ! you say you be in the room ! bee which make I think you be awake before then . which make I think you see something that scared you enough to call the cop . right ? Cole stare at she . and she be angry . bee ( cont ’d ) right ! answer I ! he flinch when she raise she voice at he . stare at she with he break , twelve year old heart - his watery eye blink . and he become a fuck angry twelve year old . he scrunches up he face and scream . cole help ! help ! I ’m tied up inside ! the room freak out as - 52 . the cop begin bang on the door . cole ( cont 'd ) there be five high schooler and they be probably armed ! there name be bee - Max kick Cole in the chest - his chair go backwards and - cole ( cont 'd ) oof ! break . Cole remain on the floor , out of the way as - two cop kick OPEN the door - gun raise as - JOHN the baptist throws a FIRE poker at a cop - it strike he dead in the face , throw he back out the door - his gun fire -— hitting allison . live cop holy shit - when bee step up from behind the cop and calmly - cut he throat . and he drop to the ground . Dead . obviously . Cole watch in terror from the floor . cole oh my GOD ! you kill they ! bee you fault , bro . cole what ?! be you out of you mind ?! allison start sobbing . allison he ... he shot I ... in the boob ! the group all sprint over to they friend . 53 . Cole watch , slowly get he hand free of the rope as - — allison ( cont 'd ) they be not even finish grow . bee aw hunny , they be totally finish . allison it really hurt ! ahh ! JOHN the baptist should we call a ambulance ? bee no . allison no ?! my boob ! bee you boob be shot by a now dead cop . have fun explain that . they have , for the moment , forget about Cole . so this be he moment . they be huddle around allison to he leave . the stair to he right . he eye the front door beside they . the crumpled body of the two cop block it . so the stair seem like the only option . all they back turn to he , as they argue how to best extract a bullet from a breast . so Cole goe for it . slow motion , bitch ! as Cole launch himself from the ground - for the stair - it take the group a minute to realize as he - leap over the dead cop - — crash onto the stair . the group freak out - John 's first off the mark - sprint to catch up - but Cole be already scramble up the stair . he spot John come after he . close - know he can not make it too far before he 's catch - — Cole reach the top of the stair - — turn right and - stop — turn - — John 's almost at the top of the step when - cole scream -— charge — hand out - head down - and push JOHN the baptist -— right the fuck over the bannister . everyone downstairs look up . Cole look down . John the Baptist flail in the air and - 54 . smack into the wooden floor . he do not move again . everyone be still for a moment - until they look away from John - and up to Cole . he look straight at bee . she look straight at Cole . and she be not happy . bee ( cont ’d ) get he . Cole glare at she - and sprint away . he hear the other give chase - but do not have time to stop . int . cole 's bedroom - continuous Cole run into he room - throw the door close and lock it . kick and push anything he can in front of it and - go to the desk . the sheet still out the window . 55 . Cole grab hold of the sheet and get on top of the desk . he take a deep breath and - go out the window . ext . cole 's home - continuous he begin scale down the house when he hear other break into he room . he know he 's gotta go quick . 56 . he start move faster as - the sheet be pulled up suddenly . the surprise jerk Cole - he slip and slide down the sheet - cole ahhhh - he grasp and - grab the bottom of the sheet . his weight bring the sheet back down hard and - there 's a shout from upstairs as they lose hold . he 's about six foot from the ground . good enough . he let go and tumble to the ground . the wood in the backyard . he start head for they when - he hear the back door swing open - fuck that . he turn and run back towards the front . to the garage . he grab the handle and - it’s OPEN . int . garage - continuous Cole run inside - smack the garage door opener - but instead of run outside he slide under he dad 's car . he 's small , so he make it under there before - max explode into the garage and - see the garage door almost fully open - assume Cole go that way and - run out of the garage . Cole remain motionless for a second before - quietly - slowly - crawl off the ground . he get to he foot and come face to face with - SAMUEL . Dead eye and blood stain head . Cole almost scream but stop himself . he stare at this poor , nerdy kid . it kill he . he tear himself away and - survey the garage quickly . what be here that he can use . he look in cabinet and box for anything . a large can of bugspray . squeeze that into he back pocket . a lighter . he flick it a few time to see if it work . eventually , a flame ! pocket it . a old blanket . wrap it around he shoulder . his dad 's powerdrill . wield it heroically . 58 . and finally , he see something that make the twelve year old very , very excited because of how very , very wrong this be . a old firework . he dig it out of a box carefully . hold it like a precious Indiana Jones artefact . cole Hell yeah . in giant block letter , and with a chorus of angel sing the word , the word slam on the screen . hell yeah shit someoneas coming . no time to celebrate find a firework . Cole 's plan be hatched and - he run back outside the garage . ext . crawl space - night Cole slide down the back yard to the crawl space where - he quickly unscrew the first screw - the second - he hear someone come - — the third - almost there - the fourth - he drop the screw ! no time to search in the dark - 59 . he pull the gate off and drag it and the old blanket - int . the crawl space - night inside with he . he shine he iphone light carefully so he avoid the mouse trap he mother set earlier . he make he way deeper inside while - he hear someone outside the crawl space . he reach the back wall and quickly cover himself with the blanket ... and wait as - sonya peer inside . sonya be you shitting I with this tomb raider crap ? max ( 0.s. ) dib on the forest ! have fun , baby girl . sonya I hope you get impale . and disembowel . I hope both . Max laugh off screen , as Sonya begin crawl she way inside the crawl space . sonya ( cont ’d ) you better not be in here , Cole . my manicure cost twenty buck . but Cole do not answer . instead , he wait . he watch through the thin blanket . laying low to the ground when - a dark shadow pass over the blanket and as he focus on it he realize ... it 's a really , really big spider . he freeze . this complicate thing as Sonya crawl closer and closer . it crawl down over he blankete face slowly . 60 . s-1l-o-w-l-y- Cole do not breathe as Sonya get closer . and closer . when she flash she iphone light towards he - all she see be a big - ass spider crawl over a old blanket . she shiver . sonya ( cont ’d ) this be such bullshit . she begin to try and turn herself around and - tremble , Cole reach back and - pull out the firework . he quietly poke it out from underneath the blanket - aiming it directly at she . the spider keep crawl down the blanket - and then onto the firework . Cole regards this with twelve year old fascination . as he pull out the lighter . take a deep breath and - flick . flick . flick . spark . Sonya hear it . turn she head back and see the tiny flame of the lighter . grin . sonya ( cont 'd ) there you be ! and the firework light . she do not realize what she 's look at until - it fire . 61 . shoot straight at her ! she shriek as it blast past she . she go down on she stomach , scream as it ricochet with a loud boom in the small crawl space . Cole seize she distraction to crawl as fast as he can out of the crawl space . as he pass Sonya - she see he - reaches out to grab he ankle when - SNAP ! sonya ( cont 'd ) aiii ! Sonya lift she hand , which have be catch in the mouse trap ! freak out , she scramble in pain and - SNAP ! she scream again as she other hand hit another mouse trap . sonya ( cont 'd ) i'm go to kill you , you little shit ! the firework come to a stop as - ext . crawl space - continuous Cole quickly begin screwing the screw back on the fence . one screw - she 's crawl towards he quickly - two screw -— sonya we be go to hang you upside down and watch you blood leak out of you eye socket ! Three screw ! 62 . Cole search the ground for the fourth as Sonya be almost there - he find it ! screw it in as - bang ! she begin hit the fence ! push it ! break it ! he screw it all the way in and - sonya ( cont 'd ) and then we be gonna - cole shut up . he hold out the giant can of bug spray right at she face and - sprays ! she scream and try to get out of the blast - cough harder and harder - we hear more SNAP ! SNAP ! of mouse trap and she subsequent gasp as - she can not breathe - Cole scream as he unload the entire can into the crawl space until - Sonya be quiet . and there be no movement inside . triumphantly , Cole sit back , gather he breath . he almost smile . he stand up , only to reveal - max . stand a few yard behind he . Cole slowly turn around and look at the quarterback . 63 . max do you just lock Sonya under there and spray a entire can of bug poison in she face ? cole .-- no. max I mean . I be not even mad . that 's just so mess up . what be the loud bang sound ? cole -..a firework . Max burst out laugh . max oh shit ! oh shit ! that 's horrible ! and then he pull the knife out of the back of he pants . ( btw , still shirtless . ) max ( cont 'd ) so , you want like , a head start ? Cole 's shoulder slump . cole C ’mon man , you be the quarterback . max life 's not fair , dude . cole you guy suck ! max you just auschwitze we friend ! cole what do that mean ! max like , the gas chamber , from World War 2 ? have not they teach you that shit ye- Cole chuck the bug spray at Max 's face - clock he dead in the forehead . 64 . max ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch ! and by the time he 's do rub he head - Cole have already start sprinting towards the tree . Max grin and give chase as if he college football career depend on it . it take he barely three second to catch up to the twelve year old . Cole know he will not make it - he see the tree come - hear Max right behind he - and when Max stretch out he free hand to grab Cole - Cole drop like a bag of rock . wrapping he head in he arm and hit the ground so - Max trip over he body hard - flying forward - send Cole tumble as Max - hit a tree trunk face first . Cole stumble to he foot and watch Max slide grossly down the tree with he face - until he finally roll over - revealing all the way Max will never be photogenic ever again . Max groan lightly , miss tooth and swollen eye and a smashed nose as - — Cole quietly pick up the knife . he stand over the quarterback , victorious . cole of course I know what auschwitz be ! I be not retarded , you pussy ! you joke be in poor taste ! he angrily kick Max in the dick . Max groan . Cole wait a moment and then just because tonight be horseshit - kick he in the dick again . and that 's when a bullet rip out bark from the tree Cole . Cole drop to the ground . cole ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! he look towards the house but - can not see anyone . he whine to himself . cole ( cont 'd ) why be there gunssss - — voice ( 0.s. ) cole ! Cole look up and see - — melanie ! at she back door , wave he over . Cole wait for a moment - look at he house - before he start crawl soldier - style to she when - another shot ring out . cole gah ! he get to he foot and full on run to Melanie - dive through the door - landing on top of her . he kick the door close with he foot . Melanie look up at he . Cole look down at she . 65 . such beside 66 . embarrassment ensue . he role off and catch he breath . ( I be so sorry for that line ) . everything they say be a whisper . melanie what be go on . cole I get the white boy , the shirtless guy and the asian girl . I do not know they name . the glass girl get shot in the boob . so I think it 's just bee - melanie what ?! be ?! go ?! on ?! he look at she . realize she do not see what he see . cole High school kid be bad . murdered the geek . take my blood . tied I up . kill the cop - he remember . cole ( cont 'd ) the cop ! he get to he knee and run to they front window . all he see be Melanie 's Dumb dad 's Dumb suv in they driveway . but he can see enough to tell that the cop car be no longer in he driveway . cole ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? melanie Cole ! Cole turn and see Melanie behind he . shake . melanie ( cont 'd ) you be really freaking I out . cole I be ... I be sorry . melanie bee be bad ? Cole think on this . 67 . cole yeah . bee be bad . melanie and ... we ... we can not call the cop ? cole I do that . and now they be dead . melanie shit. ( then ) should I get my dad ? Cole sigh . cole Melanie , no offense , be kind of a prick . Melanie can not help but agree . melanie that 's true . I just .. do ? cole pray ? melanie okay . cole I be kid . melanie oh . cole but you dad - what do we but it 's probably a great idea - melanie when Cole see a shadow come over the window . Cole grab Melanie and push she down to the ground . we keep get on the floor together - 68 . cole shh ! Cole wait . nothing . until - the front door knob turn . lock . melanie oh my GOD . cole come on ! Cole grab she hand - it 's a moment ! and lead she back to the kitchen where they - hide behind the island . melanie do you think she can get in here ? cole not if it 's lock - the door creak open behind they . they look at each other . melanie ( silent , subtitle ) we shoulda pray . Cole nod . they wait . they hear very soft footstep . one after the other . come deeper into Melanie 's home . they wait . press against the island . Melanie look to Cole for guidance . and he step up to the task . as the step come closer on they leave - Cole lead Melanie silently around the island - 69 . time so when the intruder round the island , they be on the side . Cole slowly , slowly , slowly peak and - he can not tell who it be - because they be walk towards they oh shit - Cole scramble as quietly as he can , push Melanie the other direction . she crawl and he wait there , ready to spring and fight do something really stupid when - the leg beside he stop - Cole hold he breath - for what seem like forever . until the figure turn - and go back the way it come . Cole quickly grab Melanie and - or they round the island until they be back where they start as - the figure walk down a hallway to investigate the room there . cole well . we be back . Melanie nod . melanie now what ? Cole look out the back door . cole I should not have get you into this . down , 70 . melanie you be be shot at ! cole especially because I be be shot at . you be my best friend , and I be sorry . I be gonna take care of this . he move to go out the back door , but Melanie hold he back . melanie be you crazy ?! Cole look at she simply . cole I have have a really bad night . suddenly , Melanie grab he neck and kiss he on the lip . really goddamn hard . Cole keep he eye open the whole time . when the kiss end , Cole tell she the truth . cole ( cont 'd ) the last boy I see get kiss get stab in the head . by two knife . melanie just because she 's a psychopath do not mean woman be evil . cole I know that . he turn to the door . cole ( cont 'd ) it just mean high school be gonna suck ass . he quietly open it when - he notice the suv keys sit on the counter . he look back at Melanie and pocket they . she nod , approve . cole ( cont 'd ) make sure she can not see you when she come back . 71 . Melanie nod . and then Cole kinda blushes . cole ( cont 'd ) I be really excited we kiss . Melanie beam . melanie let 's make out next time . this might be the scariest part of Cole 's night . he awkwardly nod and run out the door . ext . melanie 's house / cole 's house - continuous as he run as fast as he can , he bang on the side of Melanie 's house . cole ahhhhhhh come get I dickhead ahhhhhhhh ! he get back to the garage and - ext . garage - continuous enter the side door . notice that Samuel be gone . Cole be disgust . cole sick son of bitch . and head slowly into the house - int . cole 's home - continuous the light be all off as Cole enter the kitchen where - on the table - a very bizarre stone sculpture sit . the size of a desktop computer . it have tunnel looping every which way inside . it do not look mayan or egyptian or satanic . 72 . it just look weird . Cole get a closer look and see that - there be entry point in it . cover by strange symbol . he touch they softly with he finger to confirm he suspicion : blood . cole ewwww . he wipe it off on he jeans and notice - that leather journal . up close . Old as hell . he turn the page and - that same damn symbol again . no English . illustration of the sculpture . a manual . but what it do be anyone 's guess . not give a shit that it 's crazy old , he roll it up and shove it in the back of he pants - — a hand grab cole 's leg from under the table ! it pull Cole down and he go crash to the floor where - allison await . she look as terrible as you think a girl that get shot in the boob would look . allison c’mere you little shit - cole ahhhh ! she crawl on top of he , hit he with both hand - 73 . he cover he face from the blow - allison do you have any idea what you've do ! ? Cole look up at she through he guard - see she blood stain top and - begins punching her boob over and over . she shriek in agony and fall backwards as Cole scramble away . allison ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ?! you be so gross , you pervert ! cole what ?! screw you ! you can not make I feel bad that I defend myself ! allison hold she boob and start to cry . allison I feel so abuse . you molest I ! cole ..- what ?! you be try to kill I ! allison I wasn't try to kill you by touching you dick ! cole this be the worst night of my life . allison but I am go to kill you . she start push away the chair she be hide under - give Cole just enough time to dive into the kitchen cabinet . he throw porcelain wedding gift plate at she - Crystal wedding gift wine glass - everything . but she really do not give a shit anymore . 74 . he dive into the kitchen drawer and pull out - not a knife but - a long candle lighter . he flick it on and the flame be disappointingly small . allison rise to she foot - clutch the shard of a plate and - begins walk towards he . allison ( cont 'd ) you think fire scare I ? my breast be ruin . my life be basically over . cole that 's a really shallow way of look at the world ! she stop . allison what ? cole I mean , you be still super hot ! and like , what be you majore in when you get to college ? allison ... journalism . cole and smart ! so it 's like , you be hot , you be smart , obviously you be drive , I do not know , I could be wrong , but I think you will not have a hard time have a cool life . allison wow , you really think so ? cole totally ! i- allison I don ’t care about what you 're saying , you idiot . she rush towards he with the shard and - 75 . Cole close he eye and - bam . allison slam into she 's be shot in her body slump to stare at bee . bee toss the gun the kitchen cabinet violently as - the head . the floor , as Cole slowly look up - on the table and sigh . bee she be so annoying . she never ever do anything to help . she probably have a secret tumblr all about it . you know what it be ? she be the kinda girl that still listen to smash pumpkin . she smirk at Cole . bee ( cont 'd ) so tonight , huh . Cole lean he head back against the cabinet . cole I want to throw up . bee you and I both . now I have to move and shit . do the whole '' new girl at high school '' for the hundredth time . you have really do a number on we . cole well . you shot she . bee her boob be ruin . she want to die . Sonya ? cole crawlspace . bee Max ? cole Woods . Samuel 's body ? 76 . bee ditched it with the cop car . cole when ?! bee it 's like , 5 be bro . we have be do this dance of ours for about six hour . Cole can not believe this . he look at the clock and what she say be somehow true . cole Holy crap . I think it be all continuous and in real time . bee that 's just the adrenaline . a awkward pause . cole so ... bee yeah . so . this be the part I be not really excited about . cole be you gonna shoot I ? bee no ! I be only shoot around you because I be hope you have just put you hand up and shit . she sigh . bee ( cont ’d ) plus I be out of bullet . cole hooray . bee but , I mean , two cop be dead . she nod to allison . 77 . bee ( cont 'd ) couple high schooler . I gotta skip town . and that leave you , and what to do with you . any suggestion ? Cole be silent . then - cole what be that thing anyway ? bee look at the weird stone sculpture - and instantly notice - bee where be the - she turn back to Cole - to find he hold the book . so old . so weathered . so dry . and in he other hand , he still hold the candle lighter . its flame ready and hungry . bee lose she breath . she look bee ( cont ’d ) Cole , listen to I . cole no . bee Cole , listen to I - cole no , bee ! you listen to I ! at he , hand raise , surprised at he outburst . cole ( cont 'd ) I have be hunt for I guess six hour now ! you have steal my blood , kill people , shot at I and just be general asshole all night ! ( more ) 78 . cole ( cont 'd ) so I wanna know what the hell be go on ! bee cole. seriously . you be too young to understand . trust I . Cole stare at she blankly for a moment . before say : cole fuck you ! bee Cole ! cole no ! you deserve that ! what , just because I be twelve mean I get to be treat like shit by you , and Jeremy and everyone else ? you know what you be ? you be ... you be Don draper ! how he 's all cool and handsome and everyone love he and then he go home and you find out he have a wife the whole time ! he 's such a piece of shit ! how do people even like that show ?! bee dude , I be so confuse - cole it 's from mad men ! bee «+- do you just spoil mad men for I ?! cole it 's the first episode ! you 'il live ! bee that 's so douchey ! cole really !?! bee exhales . she and she bee and she 79 . bee I guess , fine , in the grand scheme of thing tonight , it 's not the douchiest . cole what happen when you leave here ? bee what do you mean ? take a step forward - he swing the fire closer to the journal . back up obediently . bee ( cont ’d ) okay ! okay ! cole I be not the first kid , be I . watch he . be honest . bee no. cole and you will leave here and just ... find another faucet . bee you hear that ? cole I heard everything this be my house ! ! bee okay ! okay ! yes ! probably ! but I can teach you ! stretch she hand out to he . bee ( cont ’d ) you be the best , man , and I have be ... I have be bad , to you . but what I do , and what I believe , it 's powerful shit . it 's holy . I use to feel so scared and so small until this - 80 . she point to the sculpture . bee ( cont ’d ) and now I be strong and I be confident . and when I leave town , what if , okay , what if you come with I . as my apprentice . and i'1l teach you everything I know . i’11l teach you how to read that . i’1l be Lady exposition and you 'il become so strong . okay ? yeah ? no one could ever hurt you again . there would be nothing leave to be afraid of . be not that what you want ? plus , dude , we would have fun . and all for a great cause ! cole so ... you have a mission . bee what ? yeah , kinda . he think about it . bee ( cont ’d ) what do you say , dude . cole I guess ... he look at she . cole ( cont 'd ) I guess I have a mission too . and he sets the book on FIRE . it go up like a match . bee noooo ! Cole toss it into the live room - bee run for it and - Cole run out the back door . ext . cole 's home - night slow motion again , bitch ! 81. strong , powerful and brave as fuck - Cole Johnson run around he house - towards the front yard - and when he get there - he do not go back into he house . he pull out the key to Melanie 's Dumb dad 's Dumb suv . and unlocks that shit . get inside . and slam that fucker close . int . melanie 's dumb dad 's dumb suv - night with the head light off , Cole slowly reverse out of the drive way - straight back up the street . he do he best to angle the front of the car so it 's directly face he house . he see bee inside . put out the blaze book desperately . Cole close he eye - take a deep breath - and do he best to not let on how fuck terrify he be . he best be more than good enough . he open he eye : clear eye . he exhales : full heart . he grip the wheel : can ’t lose . he slam he foot on the gas . scream as the car surge towards the house as - — bee look up . see the car fly towards she . 82 . sigh . the car smashes through the front of the house in a storm of glass and rubble . the airbag hit Cole full on as - bee go fly as the suv tear through the room - before come to a stop . debris fall from the ceiling as - Cole cough . his whole body hurt . he push the airbag away and try to look out the window - it 's hard to see anything . gingerly , he open the door and fall out of the suv . int . the ruined room - continuous Cole stumble with unsure foot through the rubble , look for bee , until - bee ( 0.s. ) what up , cee . Cole look down and see bee , cover in rubble . he hesitantly walk over to she as she weakly push shit off of she . she look like , well , like she get hit by a car . cole what up , bee . bee you drive a car into you house . I really do not see that come . she cough disgustingly . lay back flat . bee ( cont ’d ) I think you break my rib . cole I be sorry . bee it 's okay . it happen . 83. she look at he . bee ( cont ’d ) you never tell I you intergalactic dream team . cole you do not ask . bee I should have . I be usually pretty good about that stuff . Cole lean exhaust against the wall . cole Admiral adama to lead it . data for he intelligence and cool head . predator to fight . ( quieter ) then I and you . bee smile . bee you do not say we could add ourselves . cole it 's science fiction . you can do anything . bee I guess that 's true . but do not you get it yet ? he look down at she . bee ( cont ’d ) you bring I on you trip because I be beautiful , and I listen to you , and I make you think you be a unique snowflake and a adult and we get to the big bad 's lair , and suddenly you be confuse because no one 's there . '' where be he ? '' you ask I , turn around to see I smile at you . here I be Cole . the big bad that you bring along for the ride and that you parent pay to be you friend . Cole process this . 84. cole I love you . for a split second , it seem to affect bee . but then it vanish . bee I do not care . cole yeah , I think you do . siren can be hear come in the distance . cole ( cont 'd ) I do not care about you dumb book or you creepy statue or you dead language . I be a adult . because when I realize you be the big bad and betrayed I and be just go to hurt other nice kid like Samuel and Melanie , I drive a steal suv through you . bee laugh . cough again hard . bee that ... that I 'il give you . ( then ) see ya , cee . Cole look at she sadly . cole Goodbye . and do not reply as he have million of time before . the cop pull up to the house and Cole slowly walk outside . ext . cole 's home - night it 's a strange sight , a suv smashed through the front of a suburban home , cop and ambulance rush to the scene - and a twelve year old boy who 's survive a war walk calmly outside to greet they . later . Cole be sit on the front yard , face the destroy house , a insulation blanket wrap around he shoulder . 85 . Melanie 's dad be lose he unholy shit in the background to the cop . Melanie stare at Cole 's house like it 's the most amazing painting she 's ever see . one by one , stretcher carry out the high -schooler . Max . and allison . and Sonya . and John the Baptist . a fireman approach he . fireman you say there be another young woman in the house too ? Cole nod . fireman ( cont 'd ) we do not find anyone , kid - cole my name be Cole . fireman Cole . sorry . be you sure there be someone else in there ? Cole stare straight ahead at the place . cole there be when I drive into it . the fireman do not really know how to react to that as - a car come fly down the street - cole parent . they park and rush out of the car , astonished at they house , desperate to find Cole . mom cole ! cole ! dad go straight to the cop , who point to he son , sit alone in the front yard . Mom and dad approach Cole quickly . Mom grab dad 's hand , united in this moment . mom ( cont 'd ) coley ? dad Son ? Cole turn around , like it 's no big deal . cole I do not need a sitter anymore . 86 . and with that say , he turn back and face the house he destroy and the night he defeat . and he fuck smile . the end . and now , the open scene from the babysitter 2 . 87 . 88. int . the closet - night it be totally dark . and totally quiet . totally , that be , except for the soft breathe . as you eye get use to the darkness , you realize you be not alone here . a little girl , tammy ( 10 ) , be hide here . she do she best not to make a peep . she peek through the closet door and - see the shape of someone search the room . wield a flashlight . tammy hold she breath . as the person with the flashlight leave the room . she exhales just a little - and the person charge back into the room - flashlight in our eye - the closet be pulled OPEN as - tammy scream and - int . the kitchen - morning a teapot whistle as - mr. and mrs . morgan return home from they night away . mr . morgan tammy -baby ! we be - mrs . morgan ( scream ) oh my GOD !! she run into the kitchen where - tammy be unconscious on a kitchen chair - tied up with a lot of rope . 89 . voice ( 0.s. ) uh-uh - uh . Mrs. Morgan and she husband freeze and - slowly turn to see someone pour themselves some tea . voice ( cont ’d ) I have get you some tea , but I be actually pretty piss off with you both . so ... she turn around and face they , revealing , of course : bee no tea for you . five minute later . bee sit beside the still sleep tammy , while Mr. and Ms. Morgan watch in terror . bee slowly drink she tea . put it back on she plate . bee naw , I be just fuck with you , I do not drink tea . they continue stare at she in terror . bee ( cont 'd ) I just like the idea of you guy walk home , a kettle go off , you little regan macneil tie to a chair , and I drink tea calmly . mr . morgan ..- like ... Ronald regan ? bee nonchalantly throws the tea cup across the room . where it shatter . Mr. and Mrs. Morgan jump in they seat . bee but I be not calm , David and mallory , be i. they shake they head as if they be five year old . bee ( cont ’d ) I be pretty far from calm . I be light year away from calm . because I be so sick of this shit . she point at they . bee ( cont ’d ) you have one job . we agree to this . in fact , what do I say when I seek you out ? mr . morgan ( whisper ) nothing . bee Excuse I , David ? mr . morgan you say nothing . bee why do I say nothing . mr . morgan be ... because we seek you out and ask you to help . bee sit back in she chair , satisfied . bee ding ding ding ! so you can imagine how super annoying it be when , the kid and I be hang out , the kid go to bed , I go to do my thing and - she slam forward - bee ( cont ’d ) you do not tell she to take the pill I give you . mrs . morgan we do tell she ! bee well then you be a terrible parent , because now here you be , here I be , angry , and here be you daughter . ( more ) 90 . 91 . bee ( cont 'd ) should I wake she up and be like , mommy and daddy sign you up for this so they could have happier life ? mr . morgan no ! mrs . morgan please ! bee turn tammy 's head so she 's face she parent . bee mommy , why do not you love I enough to not be completely happy just in mother I ? why do you need to call this attractive , smart , dangerous girl and beg she to help you in way I never could , because I be a real regan macneil ? Mrs. Morgan answer by stare at she lap and cry . bee sigh . bee ( cont ’d ) you will tell she it be a nightmare . you 'il tell she that she wake up scream and , I be the concerned lady I be , call you and you rush home . you ’1ll have she write I a cute apology card , and I will write she a cute one back . I will put twenty buck in it for a movie and popcorn , and you 'il take she to something pg - 13 so it 's extra special . when she ask why I do not babysit she anymore , you will say I have a boyfriend and be too busy get laid to babysit . that last part can be open to you own creative license . the rest cannot . bee stand up . the morgan stand up . except for tammy , because she be tie up and asleep and a real regan macneil . 92 . bee ( cont ’d ) I think you 's 1ll agree that we deal be off . no harm no foul , and be thankful for that . they nod , like rebuke five year old . bee ( cont ’d ) groovy . you can paypal I the money you owe I for babysit you asswipe of a kid . bee walk up to they . they flinch . bee ( cont ’d ) she actually throw beverly cleary book at I . what the shit , guy . bee stare Mr. and Mrs. Morgan down hard . it 's terrifying . and then she smile like everything be super ! bee ( cont ’d ) ciao ! and she walk chipper out of the house . when she close the door , Mrs. Morgan break out into a sob . Mr. Morgan look to the heaven in thanks . and tammy Morgan stir awake , realize she 's tie up . tammy dad ? mr . morgan you're having a nightmare ! close you eye ! tammy ahhh ! tammy scrunches she eye close , praying for the nightmare to end . it never will .