" the siege " screenplay by lawrence wright , menno meyje &amp ; Edward Zwick Story by lawrence wright 1998 shoot draft fade in : ext . tyre , lebanon - day a coast road . date palm . burnt - out hulk that once be Russian t-54 tank have long ago be leave to rust in the sun . a 4 - door mercede hurtle down the ancient road . devereaux ( v.o. ) we be online for exactly two minute . a satellite view of the same scene . a grainy image of the car , and some distance away , a move cluster of animal . they be : herd of sheep as see at ground level . two shepherd goad they forward . in the distance , the mercede approach . flash CUT -- news footage ( stock ) U.S. Army medic and rescue worker frantically sift through the rubble of a collapse barrack . CNN report ( v.o. ) " ... the single worst casualty in the history of american military -- " back to -- the coast road the mercede barrel down the road , do at least 80 mph . the satellite view show that the car be fast approach the point where the herd of sheep be about to cross the road . flash CUT -- news footage ( stock ) amidst the rubble , the dead be zipped into body bag . CNN report ( v.o. ) " -- the truck , carry high explosive be believe to have hit the barrack -- back to -- the coast road the driver of the mercede hit he horn but do not slow down . in addition to the driver and a bodyguard , a old man with a hennaed beard , a turban , and sunglass sit in back . the satellite view as the mercede close with the sheep : devereaux ( v.o. ) slow down . back to -- the coast road as if on command , the mercede finally slow as the sheep move lazily across the road . flash CUT -- news footage ( stock ) President Clinton address reporter in the White House . president clinton " to any length , anywhere in the world , to bring this people to justice . " back to -- the coast road Inside the mercede , they watch as the shepherd urinate and the sheep mill about in the middle of the road . the driver roll down he window to scream in Arabic at : the poor shepherd who hurry to button he fly . it be only as we look closer that we see the silence muzzle of : colt commando rifle protrude from the sleeve of he jhallabah . and then : the herd of sheep fill the frame , block we view of the mercede , and for a moment , all we can hear be they gentle bleat . but as they clear frame , we can see that : the mercede have be turn into a abattoir , its windshield shattered and bloody . the driver slump over the steering wheel , the bodyguard be half out of the window . and in the distance : with a magician' alacrity one shepherd pull a black hood over the Sheik 's head while the other inject he with a hypodermic . the first shepherd activate a satchel charge and swing it into the mercede while the second strap the Sheik into a harness ... a balloon self - inflate and hurtle aloft , pull a cable attach to the Sheik 's harness . a mc-130 combat talon aircraft its " whisker " in the nose of the aircraft snag the cable without slow and roar off , the Sheik dangle unconscious beneath -- just as the satchel charge explode the mercede . the satellite view record impassively for a moment , then break up into static . devereaux gotcha . in a safe house -- sometime later a pale , diminish Sheik sit at a steelcase table . a steel cot and a steel toilet . close -circuit camera in the corner . opposite he : the man , whose voice we have only hear : general william devereaux -- and though he wear a civilian suit , he bear betray he pedigree . his considerable charm and habitual skepticism be as much a product of self - discipline as he close - order drill . devereaux nobody know you be here . not you people . not even my President . you will die here alone and be bury unknown -- barring some miracle . the sheik speak a few word in Arabic . devereaux -- god? GOD ? ( look at he ) what you eat . whether you eat . sleep. pain . absence of pain . I decide . I make the day and the night . even the way you get here -- a hand that reach down from the sky ? ( look at he ) God ? I be you new God . dissolve to : int . mosque - dawn a muezzin climb a spiral staircase , enter a turret - like room , click on a microphone and chant the call to prayer . muezzin allahuh akbar ... hundred of believer prostrate themselves on prayer rug . at the door , hundred of shoe be line up , work boot , expensive loafer , a range of social class represent . on the STREET shopkeeper pause to kneel and pray . in arab home , parent and child do the same . and as we pull back from : the minaret of the mosque , we discover not a arab city , but instead the unmistakable skyline of : downtown manhattan the World Trade ctr , Wall Street , the Federal building . in the FBI situation room two agent hurry through the bullpen . tina OSU , 32 , sharp , and frank haddad , lebanese with a insouciant grin . tina Brooklyn South issue a code blue less than two minute ago . they think hostage be involved . frank Black -and -white on the scene ? tina setting up a perimeter now . frank residence or business ? tina a bus . sequence omit from original script . the 99 bus -- see from above surrounded by a phalanx of Black -and - whites . back to -- the situation room they have be join by Anthony Hubbard , the asac . hub swat ? frank on the way . hub negotiator ? tina Rolling . hub bomb squad ? the 99 bus the bomb squad approach . we see terrify passengers inside . back to -- hub and frank , exiting the federal build hub how soon can we get there --? frank in this traffic , maybe tomorrow . back to -- the 99 bus as a police techie insert a dentist 's mirror through a drill hole in the bus 's door , the l.e.d. begin to blink and the passenger scream and dive for cover . a explosion . back to -- hub and frank , in the car Frank be listen to a cell phone . frank oh , fuck . it just blow . back to -- the 99 bus the door hang off they hinge . as the passengers tumble off , we see they be cover in blue paint . back to -- hub and frank , in the car hub -- what ?! frank -- that 's what they be tell I . hub -- and nobody 's hurt ? Frank nod . hub close he eye in gratitude . hub thank God . CUT to : the joint FBI / nypd terrorism task force - federal bldg they be listen to a tape-record , alter by a vo- corder : tape voice -- we first and last warning . as the message continue , we pan the face : mike johannson , squad supervisor , and danny sussman , represent nypd . tape voice we expect we demand to be meet . there will be no negotiation . that be all . tina demand for what ? you hear any demand ? mike you sure this be all they get ? sussman that 's it . frank maybe it 's performance art . Sussman shoot he a look . clearly haddad enjoy push he button . finally , hub stand up . hub -- okay . Blue paint . Voice - alter technology -- frank -- available from the sharper image catalogue . sussman last I look they be not offer explode paint bomb . hub still , the rhetoric sound political . militia ? tina not they style . hub Frank --? frank Jihad be not know for they sense of humor , and Hamas be raise so much money here , why queer they deal ? tina anyway , be not Green the color of Islam , not blue ? frank -- and , excuse I , but why do we immediately assume they be Arabs ? hub I want a composite of the suspect in circulation by the end of business today . Tina , you cross -check it against the mainframe . Mike , have you get the lab analysis on the paint ? mike not yet ... hub -- see if any be sell in quantity the last month . Danny -- Tina 's phone buzze . she pick it up as hub keep go : hub -- find out what stop this guy get on the bus , maybe there 's a witness . frank hub ... I think we be all eager to give up we weekend on this . it just occur to I , have anybody even commit a crime here ? I mean , assault with a deadly color ? hub deal with haddad 's irreverence by ignore it . hub here 's what I do not like . they know explosive . they know we response time . they put in a call and walk . a young agent , fred darius , hand hub a piece of paper : fred Excuse I , sir . I think you should see this . come in on the fax . only two word be write : " release he . " hub release he ? him who ? who be we hold ? tina marv Albert ? sussman McVeigh ? Sheik what 's -his -name from the Trade Center . frank -- Omar Abdel Rahman ... asshole . fred the Hamas guy get release in April . frank under protest . hub ( look at the fax ) why be coy about it ? sussman you think it 's phony ? tina ( cover the phone ) hub , somebody 's flash a government badge over at the warehouse where they be work on the bus . we tech guy want to know if we be cooperate with any other agency on this thing . off hub 's look , we : CUT to : a old warehouse in brooklyn - dusk hub and haddad join agent floyd rose , a tall Black man . agent rose -- she 's look for wiring signature on the device and ask for copy of any latent print we have manage to lift . hub -- Agency ? agent rose smell like it . turn out she 's also be talk to some of the passenger . they OPEN the door in the klieg light -- the bus . Men in white coat dust every inch and generally behave as if investigate a crash ufo . in they midst , a young woman , midwestern pretty in a serious suit . she look up as hub enter . hub hi . woman hi , there . hub special agent Anthony Hubbard . FBI . woman oh , shit , I have be try to liaise with you all day . my name be elise kraft , National Security Council . she offer she hand . hub do not take it yet . hub -- and you have be try to " liaise " with I all day ? do you think of try the phone book , elise ? we have fourteen line , that 's not count the unlist one . elise ( still hold out hand ) hi , I be elise kraft , National Security Council . finally , he take she hand . and do not let go . hub and I be Colin Powell . what exactly do you people want with my bus . she try to take she hand away , but he tighten he grip . elise we be all on the same team here , agent Hubbard . hub who exactly be " we " on this particular team , elise ? elise it 's never the question that 's indiscreet , only the answer . he smile . she smile back . convince she 's charme he . hub tell you what , you send I a official inter-agency request for cooperation on this and I will give you copy of everything we come up with . otherwise , get you ass on out of here before you contaminate my crime scene any more than you already have . elise there 's no reason to be nasty . hub you think this be nasty ? ( smile ) in case you have not hear . the CIA have no charter to operate domestically . which put you in violation of federal law . elise not accord to the cooperation agreement , special order 12333 -- I suggest you reread the paragraph on share information . I happen to be well within my authority . hub special order 12333 refer to domestic terrorism . you get something you want to " share " with I ? ( he wait ... but no answer be forthcoming ) we be teammate and all ? elise ( hold up a clipboard ) unfortunately , not yet . but as soon as I do , I will -- hub -- get back to I , yeah , I know . ( take the clipboard from she hand ) here 's what I be gonna do . I be gonna have a couple my " teammate " here escort you back to wherever you come from . and then I be gonna go back to the office and wait for that official cooperation request . okay by you ? elise swell . hub Nice meeting you , elise . be that elise with a " E " or a " a " ? elise Nice meeting you , too , special agent Hubbard . outside the warehouse hub watch as elise be lead away by two agent . agent Rose stand nearby . hub tail she . nice live room -- night in Frank haddad 's home . the haddad 's be celebrate the day frank jr. have finish read the Holy Koran . frank JR ( o.s. ) ( in Arabic ) " in the name of Allah , the beneficent , the merciful . say : I seek refuge in the Lord of Men , the King of Men . " Frank 's teacher offer the final benediction . that who be Muslim cover they face with they palm . teacher ( in Arabic ) " make I know that which I have become ignorant of ; and make I recite it in the hour of the night and the day ; and make it a argument for I o thou sustainer of all the world ! " ameen ! all ameen . later -- the guest mingle , eat pastry and drink sweet tea . tina ... Nice , be not it ? hub very . tina ( after a moment ) you ever gonna stop by , pick up you thing ? nearby , Mike and Danny observe they . danny -- he do she ? mike some detective you be . they stop . fred really ? I wonder if she like white guy . danny I wonder if she like bald guy . hub , meanwhile , congratulate Frank 's wife , najiba . hub you must be so proud ... najiba small child , small worry . Big child -- frank -- big orthodontia bill . someday , you will understand . and then Frank notice hub 's driver stand in the doorway . frank where we go ? hub you be stay with you family . I be back in the morning . CUT to : sequence omit from original script . sequence omit from original script . ( already shot ) int . hub be office - early morning hub be look at surveillance photo of elise . Frank enter . frank you sleep here ? ( hub smile , but do not look up ) Immigration call . a SMALL GREEN room -- as see through a two - way mirror hub and Frank watch a dark -skin man be question by a uniform official . a INS supervisor show they a false - bottome suitcase stuff with money . INS official -- all in small bill . so we figure , smurf , right ? then I think , consider the gentleman 's nationality , plus where he 's be recently , we better call Frank . frank -- who 's try to score point with he boss , bigtime . hub have he break any law ? INS official no , sir . he 's twenty buck under the $ 10,000 limit . frank ( pull out a $ 20 bill ) not anymore . in the room the official hope volume break the language barrier . uniformed official ... so , kahlil , you be say this be a inheritance ? somebody died and you be bring they the money ? the dark -skin man be try to keep up : kahlil no , no ... dhouri . behind the mirror frank ... he mean , " dowry . " hub check out he neck . small pucker scar . the INS guy look confuse . frank the tabac . ( mimic put out a cigarette on he arm ) sssssss ... the territory . hub ( think a moment ) put he in play . CUT to : the van wyck expressway hub and Frank in a rental contour , tail khalil , in a cab : hub ( on the phone ) -- on the Van wyck ... no , not yet . ( to Frank ) -- what be we in ? frank a '97 contour . on my visa. ( watch khalil ) back home , the security service would be up this guy 's ass with a poker , but what do we do , we let he go . hub ( still on the phone ) ... six team on the ground , at least ... well , pull them off the UN ... ( to haddad ) stay back ... frank not my first date , hub. ( the taxi change lane ) he 's take the bqe . look like it 's Brooklyn . hub ( still on the phone ) I want husband and wife , I want baby carriage , and no brook Brothers . frank you be micro-manage . hub ( still on the phone ) -- and find I a judge I can work with . we want sound on this guy ... dam n '... I be lose you ... ( raise he voice ) and bring we a radio . frank I get reimburse for this , right ? CUT to : atlantic avenue - brooklyn the third World . teeming , roiling , kinshasha meet Beirut meet tel aviv meet Moscow . Hand -written shop sign in Arabic and Hebrew , boom box throbbing out " oum khatoum , " the latest neo- palestinian techno-rock . khalil pay the taxi driver and start off on foot . hub 's contour pull over a safe distance behind and wait . a agent pass by and slip a walkie - talkie through the open window . man carrying groceries Falls in behind khalil , who duck into a storefront , where we can see he buy a coca cola and a baby Ruth bar . in the contour frank ( note the purchase ) twelve buck in Gaza . hub America 's the place to be if you be a terrorist . ( on the walkie- talkie ) Fred 's hover . patsy , take over ... a woman with a stroller replace the man carry grocery . hub ... tell she to watch out for reflection . frank ( hand he the phone ) I get the judge . hub ( on the phone ) ... good morning , sir. how're thing in the second circuit this morning ...? ... I hear you ... listen , judge , we be in a kind of situation here ... khalil be on the move again . hub ( on the phone ) hold on , will ya , judge ? ( into walkie- talkie ) be he talk to somebody , who 's he talk to ? be we get film ? from a great distance a agent with a telephoto snap a picture of khalil , who have pause to chat with a palestinian of patrician good - look . hub ( cover the phone ) -- Frank ? frank do not know he . if we be allow to get sound on they , we would know he . the walkie- talkie crackle to life , confirm the photo . hub ( cover the radio ) ... what 's that ? no , judge , not yet we be not ... but we have reason to believe he may be involved with -- ( cover the phone again ; key the radio ) damnit Tommy ! ( to Frank ) he 's overact ! tell he -- ( back to the phone ) sorry , judge ... no ... I just -- frank he 's make he . shit. fuck . he 's -- khalil have a sixth sense from a lifetime on the West Bank . all of a sudden , he break into a run . hub ( key radio ) go , go , go !!! all unit -- he slam the car into gear and peel out into traffic . six surveillance team in various guise , break cover and sprint after khalil , who shift into overdrive . Cars screech to avoid flatten he . hub 's contour pull into traffic and find he way block by a narrow passage between double - park car . he go for it , scraping he way between they . frank Christ ! hub ( on the phone ) judge , I be gonna have to call you back ... khalil sprint into a open- air market , knocking down veile women with bag of fruit and vegetable . he vault over stall . the contour scrape parked car as it swerve into a alley , desperately try to cut off khalil 's escape route . frank shit --! I do not take the insurance . a soccer ball bounce into hub 's peripheral vision , follow by two boy . hub slam the contour into the wall to avoid kill the two boy . hub get out of the car and continue the pursuit on foot . he 's gain on khalil , when : a van bear down on khalil , its door slide open as two payr of hand reach out and another man appear out of nowhere and bodychecks khalil into the van and jump in after he . hub what the --? the van burn rubber and disappear into traffic . minute later -- a impromptu huddle in the alley . agent gather in a circle as radios squelch and helicopter circle above . fred they just find the van . do not look like they be gonna find any print . the agent who take the picture pull a color xerox - type photo from a digital printer in he car . hub look at the picture of khalil and the good-look palestinian . hub run he down , bring he in . Fred hand a cell phone to hub . fred floyd Rose . hub go , floyd . as he listen , the first trace of a smile grace hub 's face . CUT to : a ordinary house in a ordinary neighborhood . hub sit in a unmarked car . agent Rose climb into the front seat . agent rose I have get two in the plymouth , at least three inside , and see that guy walk he dog ...? he do he business about a hour ago and they be still walk . in another car -- danny I have a dog like that once . frank it 's not he dog , numbnut . they be spy . danny the dog work for the CIA ? they radio crackle to life . it 's hub . hub ( v.o. ) ( over the radio ) all unit report in turn . we hear " unit 1 be good to go , " " unit 2 , we be ready to rock . " hub let 's roll . the man walking the dog be suddenly double - team by two agent . agent - mike Federal Agents . hand behind you back -- a third agent throw he jacket over the dog . two unmarked car fishtail across the quiet street , box in the plymouth as a agent from the sidewalk thrust a 12 - gauge remington Pump in through the driver 's window . agent - fred -- keep them where we can see them , thank you very much . the door to the house be blown - in by a specially - design shotgun . two men , eat take - out be surprised by Frank and Tina , they gun draw . frank hi , guy , I expect you know the drill . hub continue warily from one empty room to the next . a stairway lead downstairs . as hub start cautiously down , mute voice can be hear . reaching the bottom , he see : khalil sitting in a chair . behind he stand one of freelancers from the warehouse . and opposite he , in a barca - lounger : elise kraft -- somehow amidst the normalcy of the furnish basement be a palpable feel of menace . as hub show himself , one of the freelancer point a Glock .9 at he head . hub just stare he down . elise Ralph , spare we . the freelancer lower the gun . hub look at khalil , whose face be badly bruise . elise I never touch he . hub really ? I be take he into custody just the same . elise what be you go to charge he with ? jaywalk ? ( hub stare at she ) I do not suppose we could just have a little chat with he here first ? hub not in this lifetime . elise you know , hub ... may I call you hub ? if you guy have not blow the surveillance , we would have be able to follow the money . what do you think , khalil , you would have lead we right to you friend , would not you ? khalil avert he eye from any contact with she . hub what friend --? what have you get for I , elise ?... enlighten I . ( she stonewall ) tell I now or tell I downtown . still nothing . hub call out to he agent . hub get this guy out of here and book he . as the other agent approach khalil : elise one phone call and he 's mine again . you know the number . I have -- hub you have " the right to remain silent , " you have " the right to a attorney . anything you say can and will be hold against you in a court of law -- " elise ( overlap he ) oh , come on ... do you have any idea what you be start here , the kind of shitstorm you be about to -- hub ( overide she ) -- kidnap . obstruction of justice . assault . as he head out of the room , he say to a wait agent . hub cuff she . CUT to : hub' unmarked car elise sit , handcuff , alone in the back seat . up front , Frank be drive with hub beside he . frank so , elise ... you okay back there , you do not get carsick or anything ? that handcuffs too tight --? elise shouf mountain , right ? shiite or sunni ? frank wow . you be really good . ( to hub ) she 's really good . hub you ready to tell we what 's go on here , elise --? be the paintbomb a warning ? elise ( to haddad ) american University of Beirut ? I be there from ' 79 to 82 . frank ( a look to hub ) no shit ? elise my father teach economics . Henry kraft ? hub be there a terrorist cell operate in this city that we be unaware of ? elise ( ignore he ; to haddad ) such a tragedy . grow up in that city be ... paradise . like a exotic Paris , be not it , Frank --? hub you ever be in riker , elise ? you know what happen in there ? elise look at he , utterly unfaze by the threat . elise ... yum . Frank 's beeper go off . as they look at one another , we : CUT to : about a million cop car Red light flash , have seal off a Brooklyn Street . on the rooftop swat team be already deploy . sharpshooter politely insinuate themselves into the surround family apartment and take up fire position . the 87 bus stands alone in the middle of the street . through a marksman 's scope we see the terrify passenger force to stand , catch glimpsis of the terrorist , obscure by the hostage . hub confer with the nypd officer - in-charge . nypd officer -- definitely arab-type , only this time they be still in there ... hub any communication at all ? nypd officer nope . it 's weird they be just in there . hub get the frequency of the driver 's radio and patch it through to this number . we need two line . Frank , get a negotiator out here . nypd officer # 2 Sir , they have get kid in there . we count six . this rock hub for a moment but he cover it well . hub that give we something to work with . back at the car elise lean forward as hub open the driver 's door . elise what 's happen out there ... hub take off he jacket , fold it carefully on the seat . elise they have take another bus , have not they ? talk to I ... hub oh , now you want to talk . you want to be my friend , be that it ? elise listen , this guy be the real deal . hub how do you know ? she just look at he . hub be there a terrorist cell operate in Brooklyn ? elise ( a long moment ) yes . hub be the blue paint a warning ? elise yes . and I be afraid this time they will blow the bus . hub if they want to blow the bus then why have not they blow the bus --? elise I ... do not know . he start away . elise agent Hubbard . please . maybe I can help . a command post have be hastily improvise behind a swat van . frank the driver 's name be Larry kaiser . he say they have get explosive strapped to they chest , they get automatic weapon , and they be speak Arabic . hub where the hell 's the negotiator ? frank tunnel 's get twenty minute delay and they be work on both bridge . hub ( to the cop ) what else do he say about the device ? do he describe it at all ? anything about a button , or a cord , or ... the first eng truck pull up and raise its satellite dish . elise ( almost involuntary ) oh , God . Frank turn to look at she . she be suddenly pale . elise ( as it dawns on she ) ... they be not here to negotiate . frank meaning ? elise they be wait for the camera . hub be deep in conversation with the cop . Frank interrupt . frank -- hub ... hub look up . Frank nod for elise to repeat what she say . elise they be want the newsy here . they want everybody watch . hub and Frank look at each other . can this be true ? elise you have get the shooter in place ? frank -- so ? elise use them . hub what ? elise kill them now . they just look at she . elise it 's lose - lose any way you play it ... do you want to lose little or lose big ? the nypd officer have be listen : nypd officer I get the marksman on the com -- they be look for a clean shot . as the policeman wait for a response on he radio , two more news van pull up . the media circus have come to town : reporter breathlessly offer they live , on-the-scene report . hub and elise stare at one another . nypd officer shooter say they have get the passenger all stand in the aisle . he say , no go . hub can see the dread in elise 's eye . as the second tick away , two news helicopter jockey for position above . hub ( to the cop ) we have rule of engagement we be gonna follow here , folk , so put the safeties back on you weapon . ( look at elise ) nobody 's kill anybody until we see what 's what . he grab the phone . hub ( on the phone ) Larry , this be agent Hubbard of the FBI , I will be negotiate we way out of this . let I talk to one of they ... I know ... I know . you just hang in there , Larry ... no , do not worry , I have get somebody here who can translate . he look over at Frank , who 's listen on another cell . hub ( on the phone ) Sir , -- my name be Anthony Hubbard . I do not have any authority to make deal , or respond to demand . I just want to find out if you need anything in there ? if any of the passenger be in need of medical attention ? he wait as Frank translate . hub cover the mouthpiece . hub -- Frank ? frank I do not know if they understand . hub ( on the phone ) Sir , be there anything you want to say to I ? that I can tell my people here ? frank the guy 's just breathe into the phone , maybe they be not even Arabs . hub ( on the phone ) I get the feel you do not want to talk , but will you listen --? ... whatever grievance you have , whatever quarrel -- surely it do not involve this child -- still no response . hub ( on the phone ) so I be gonna ask you to ... please ... let ... the ... child go . no response -- then suddenly , the bus door hiss OPEN and six bewilder , ashen - face child step out before the door hiss close behind they . as hub and a couple of the cop hurry out from behind the barricade to help the child cross the no-man' land to safety , a smatter of applause break out among the cop . elise try to hold back tear . frank okay , here we go ... hub ( on the phone ) thank you , sir . I appreciate that gesture , I really do . the best way to get what you want in this situation be to show yourself to be reasonable . as you have just do . ( haddad translate ) now we have get some more to talk about ... elise watch as the news camera zoom in . hub ( on the phone ) I be unarm , as you can see . so I propose ... you let the rest of the passenger go , and I take they place ... that way , there 's no pizza delivery or bathroom break to worry about -- and all this -- ( indicate swat team ) -- people ... will disappear . Frank shake he head , do not do this . hub 's look say translate it . Frank do it . they all wait . hub ( on the phone ) I be gonna take you silence to mean you be consider my offer -- elise look at Frank , she can not help but admire he bravery . hub how about we just start with a few of the elderly people you get on there . it 's get to be hard for the older folk to be stand all this time . hub look back at Frank . still no response . and then the bus door hiss OPEN again . a few elderly passengers start down the step . hub ( on the phone ) thank you , sir . now let 's just let this -- the explosion of the bus hurl hub backwards as : all SOUND fade out to be replace by a high - end , almost electronic white noise . shrapnel imbed itself into car door , bus bench , doorway as every window in a three - block radius be shatter ... red blood replace blue paint in a horrific shower . hub fights for consciousness . agent rush to he side to see if he be alright -- but we cannot hear they . though they mouth move it be only the white noise that overwhelm we -- as we realize that hub have be momentarily deafened by the blast . when at last hub manage to speak , he word be muffled and indistinct -- as if the playback head of a tape recorder need to be clean . hub I be ... alright . I be -- Frank haddad bend down close and we can lip-read he say , " just hang in there , buddy . . . " hub -- okay ... just let I -- and then he lean over to vomit in the street . the SOUND of siren slowly bleed in through the white noise -- mercifully for we , and for hub , who wipe he mouth and look up , realize that he hearing be come back . he reach for Frank 's outstretch hand and stand , albeit woozily . hub be anybody -- but the look in Frank 's eye say it all . the devastation be numb . image we associate with other country . and then he see elise . her face be cut and bleed , but as they eye meet , she look be one of absolute compassion . hard CUT to : more than a hundre agent crowd into the now-overflowing bullpen . in absolute denial of he physical condition , hub pace like a cage animal . hub -- every trap , every hole . I want to rumble every mosque , every community center , every student organization that 's ever say a unkind word . I want the heat turn up under all we asset , all we informer , every snitch get twisted inside out . and put some money out on the street -- arab community hate this people as much as we do . they will help . ( turn to Mike ) have you get positive id on -- mike hub , we do not have positive id on anybody . hub we need more hand . Fred -- fred I be on it . he pick up a phone and begin request agent transfer . hub I want to talk to khalil . tina he 's down the hall . now she pick up a phone and add to the cacophony . hub -- conference with DC at 9:00 , 12:00 , 4:00 and 9:00 . call you family , find a sleep bag , nobody leave this office until we have a strand to pull . Oklahoma City , people . the first twenty - four hour be the only twenty - four hour .. and I do not want to see anybody walk . ten minute later - outside a holding cell hub and Frank watch khalil through a video monitor . the bruise on khalil 's face have deeppen . hub Doctor see he ? tina he 's on he way up . hub get a cigarette --? tina you do not smoke . hub pocket the pack of cigarettes and walk into : the cell Frank hang back in the doorway . hub pull up a chair , turn it backwards , and sit down very close to khalil . hub ten thousand dollar . Frank translate . khalil pretend not to understand . hub khalil . I want to talk about the money . again Frank translate . and again , khalil look blank . hub okay ... hub reach into he pocket and casually take out the pack of cigarettes . khalil 's eye widen . hub smile at he . at the SOUND of the match lighting , sweat begin to bead on khalil 's forehead . hub take he time lighting the cigarette -- draw deep so the tip turn bright red . khalil unconsciously recoil in he chair . hub ( to Frank , be : khalil ) do not like second hand smoke . hub turn back to khalil , casually gesture with he cigarette . khalil almost jump out of he skin . hub you ready to talk about money ? Frank have not even begin to translate before khalil begin speed -rapping in Arabic . frank ( translate ) ... he say he love America and only want to get away from the security service at home . tear stream down khalil 's face . he kneel at hub 's foot . frank ( still translate ) ... he say he 's sorry but he do not know he be do something bad . his cousin introduce he to a man who promise he two hundred dollar for he dowry if he would bring the suitcase to a address in Brooklyn . ( to hub ) he 's a cut -out . outside the room -- later hub hand Tina back the pack of cigarettes . hub nasty habit . ( to Danny ) 3830 flatbush Avenue . flash CUT -- a swat team burst into a empty apartment . on the floor , a fax machine continuously send the message : " release he . " back to -- hub hub we want every rental agreement from every landlord in Brooklyn . hotel , motel , flophouse ... ( to the other agent ) it 's cash , guy . they be the only one in America use cash . two hour later -- the room be dark . a technician operate a overhead projector . technician this be a spectograph of the semtex use in the bomb . look at the benzene spike . this be the genuine article . ( another slide ) now ... this one 's from the barrack in dhahran . as you can see , the signature be identical . two hour later -- a computer techie ( whitney ) be cross-referencing data . digital picture of suspect terrorist scroll past . a surveillance photo of Ahmed bin Talal . the ruin army barrack . hub -- ask it if they have ever hit bus ? the techie type in a few command : image of destroy buse file past . tel aviv. Jerusalem . Beirut . none a match . whitney -- not accord to the mainframe . two hour later -- the bomb scene now resemble a archeological dig . floodlight on stanchion . Forensic expert , on they hand and knee , use black light and brushes to search for latent print . different color string divide the site into a grid . hub -- with a q-tip . bone shard , hair , fingernails -- nearby , Danny and Mike observe hub 's intensity . danny -- he 's way over he head . frank shut the fuck up and go give somebody a parking ticket . two hour later -- in the lab . a fingerprint expert sift through a plastic bag of fingertip and tooth . scan each into a computer . fingerprint expert not yet . sequence omit from original script . two hour later -- hub be staring at the tv sets which be all replaying the terrible incident , over and over again . tv SOUND bite " -- today ; tel aviv have come to Brooklyn . the question ... be why . " finally , he turn away so no one will see . his eye be hot with the emotion . whitney you okay ? the fingerprint techie race in , spare hub a response . fingerprint expert get one ! two hour later -- hub and Tina address twenty agent . hub lady and gentlemen , meet the late Ali waziri . he project a photo of the dead terrorist onto the wall . hub Tina talk to the Israelis and trace this sucker to a group operate out of ramallah . that 's the West Bank , not the West side for that of you just join we from nebraska . a few appreciative chuckle . they be all exhaust . this be the first good news in a bitch of a day . tina okay , we have pull he landing card and he I - 94 . so now we know he come in three day ago , out of Frankfurt -- she point to where : a time - line have be create out of color strip beneath a bank of silent tv monitor . tina what we need now be to fill in the time between he arrival and the incident . all know association , and most of all , we need a address . two hour later -- the time - line be progress . phone technician add tie-line , dedicated fax line , wat line and scramble line . cable everywhere . Danny and Frank pore over Ali waziri 's I - 94 . frank iap66 . what 's iap66 ? danny hold on , hold on , I be look it up -- frank -- today , Danny ... danny wait , wait -- here we go . Student Visa , j- 1. hub have be pace , nearby . hub where 's the original --? danny in he passport . frank which be ... vaporize . hub where 's the copy ? frank at the point of issuance . could be the american Consulate in tel aviv . the american Consulate in Amman , Cairo , Alexandria , riyadh -- all a easy drive from the West Bank -- hub suddenly have to fight off a wave of nausea and dizziness . hub what time be it --? danny Three -fifteen . p.m. ( off hub 's blank look ) when 's the last time you eat ? Fred Darius , the young agent , appear . fred Sir . they want you in the lab . through a powerful electron microscope hub peer through the eyepiece at a magnified strand of fiber . fiber expert ( v.o. ) pure , unadulterate , egyptian cotton . fred you be say they be egyptian ? fiber expert no. no ... I be just say -- see ... hub -- it 's what they use for funeral . the guy be wear a shroud . he look at Frank . it 's just as elise say . the real deal . hub let 's see if she 's ready to talk . a holding cell elise sit quietly with the stillness of that who have be there before . hub enter . hub I think one phone call and you be out of here . elise I do not make the call . hub why not ? she just look at he , entirely neutral . elise be you alright --? hub just some tinnitus in my leave ear -- they look across the professional chasm that divide they . hub I need to know what I do not know . elise life 's too short . but there 's a hint of some thawing in she tone . hub you hungry ? elise we order in --? CUT to : sequence omit from original script . in a downtown deli hub and elise sit , eat corn beef sandwich . elise -- the funeral shroud be the final step in the ritual of self - purification . first a fast , then -- hub -- the wash of the body , then the shroud . I see it on sixty Minutes . tell I something I do not know . she pause , always gaug how much to reveal . and when . elise ... last March in Iraq , we identify the man we believe responsible for bombing the army barrack last year . in August , he go to Lebanon . where he be ... extract . hub extracted ? extracted by whom ? ( she just look at he ) I see . elise his name be Sheik Ahmed bin Talal . he 's iraqi . and something of a religious leader . hub with something of a devote follow ? ( she nod ) ... okay , I can understand why we might not want to publicize the fact that we government 's in the kidnap business , but why not tell we ? elise he 's still be ... debrief . they be not ready to go public with charge . hub what else you get on he follower . elise clearly , they be commit . hub meaning ? elise in this game , the most commit win . hub so they will just keep come until we release he . elise unless we match they commitment with we own . hub what about talk to this sheik ? elise you do not think they have get guy talk to the sheik ? except the sheik be not talk . hub so who 's give the order ? how do they coordinate , pick they target ? elise believe I , we have put every resource we have get onto that very question . ( put down she fork ) otherwise ... we wait . hub we wait . she look at he . for one brief moment the mask drop away . elise if there 's anybody on earth who know how you feel , it 's I . but you have get to let it go . that people be dead the minute they get on the bus . Frank haddad appear , make he way toward they table . frank sorry , boss . hello , elise . mmmm , be that pastrami ? ( taste it ; then with he mouth full ) oh , yeah , we make the guy in the picture . sequence omit from original script . CUT to : a cafe where student sit inside and smoke , then smoke some more . frank ( v.o. ) my people . the last of the unambivalent smoker . ( shake he head ) monster . the toughest motherfucker in bed - stuy be a muffin compare to some of this guy . they watch as samir get he bill from the waiter . frank his name 's samir nazhde . teaches arab Studies at Brooklyn College . he sponsor ail waziri 's student visa . and dig this -- he brother blow up a movie theatre in tel aviv . elise you might consider leave he alone . hub why would I consider do that --? in the cafe , samir count cash to leave on the table . elise play he like a cop and haul he in now and get you arrest , or tag he and let he lead you to the really big fish . frank ( a arabic curse ) you be fishing and he 's get visa for bomber . elise you ever hear of catch and release ? frank yes , and he 's on the next plane for tunis . hub look at elise . samir be leave -- it 's now or never . hub take he down . frank ( key he radio ) go. three agent brace samir politely but firmly , and lead he to they car . samir slide into the back seat next to elise . in the rearview mirror , hub watch as a look seem to pass between they . then again , it may not have happen . frank samir nazhde , my name be Frank haddad , I be a Federal agent . we have reason to believe you be a accessory to the bombing of Bus 87 . samir be you crazy --? frank you be a associate of Ali waziri . samir who ? I know no one by that name . elise be look out the window , seemingly oblivious . frank you get he a student visa . samir I sign this application as a matter of course , hundred of they . everyone want to come to the land of opportunity and baywatch . elise try to keep a smile off she face . hub clock this . frank you spend two year in israeli jail during the intifada . samir the only one who do not be woman like you . Frank backhand he across the mouth . samir say something in Arabic to Frank , who respond in kind . hub Frank -- frank sorry . family matter . ( to samir ) you be go downtown , my friend . samir you can not hold I . I know my rights . I watch american television . frank defraud the INS be a Federal offense . ( hand samir to wait agent ) reservation for one , please . CUT to : ctf headquarters - later they enter the bullpen . it 's well past midnight . people be sack - out in sleep bag while other continue work . elise Club fed . Frank lean over Danny Sussman , who have fall asleep , face down on he desk , and sing in a lovely brogue : frank ( sing ) " oh , Danny -boy , the perp , the perp , be call -ing ... ( as he awaken ) we need a search warrant on samir ... hub Frank , c'mere a sec . I want to show you something . he lead Frank into another cubicle . perched on nearby desk , elise be dial a phone , she stop to watch they : hub ( quietly ) Frank , you ever hit a prisoner again I will have you badge . frank -- someday I will tell you what that people do to my village in ' 71 . hub wait for he to calm down . hub ( touch he arm ) okay . but right now , act as if I be capable of say something funny ... now , let 's go see about that warrant . as they walk back , hub say to Danny : hub find I a judge who will play ball this time . and set up a polygraph for samir . elise I still do not understand why we be tipping we hand with he -- frank what 's there to tip ? hub you be just try to protect you asset . ( to elise , pointedly : ) be not you , elise --? he 's you Joe , you asset . he 's work for you , you be he case officer -- right ? how should she respond ? how thin should she slice it ? elise ... sometimes ... in addition to be a nationality , be a palestinian be also a ... profession . a lucrative one . hub meaning , he 's you Joe . elise mine . your . the Israelis . the Saudis . at one time or another , everybody in the Middle East have sleep with everybody else . frank so you be say ... you sleep around ? elise only professionally . hub so we share he . elise no . hub ( to Frank ) -- call INS , find out he status and start deportation proceedings . elise I can not let you do that . hub oh , you can not let I do that . what precisely be you involvement with this people . elise ( sigh , then : ) samir 's be a very important ... project of mine for some time ... I be the only one he will deal with . he 's very well - connect -- and extremely high -strung . hub ... call the judge . elise ( look at Frank ) how easy be it to get inside , Frank ? how good be you source in the mosque ? how many people you get in Hamas --? franks shake he head , ruefully . she 's right . elise no surveillance . I have see you deat touch . hub Daily report . we tap he phone . elise and I get to see the transcript . hub Fair enough . elise and I run he . hub we share he . elise he can not know we be talk . hub then do not tell he . elise done . hub ( to Frank ) let he fly . ( back to she ) but we better start see product . she nod . a deal . for now . hub any more surprise for I ? elise not tonight . hub then I be go home to get some thing . frank I will have somebody drive you . hub I will grab a cab . and he 's go . Frank turn to elise : frank elise . I be really high strung , too . she just smile and walk away . outside the federal build -- moment later not many people around . hub stand on the corner . a taxi cruise up . on duty . available . he slow long enough to see that hub be black and pass right by . at a red light the taxi driver stop just long enough for hub to slam he shield on the windshield . in the taxi hub sit in back , hurtle into the night . the driver 's id identify he as abdul hassam . hub shake he head . in the shower as the hot spray hit he , he run he hand through he hair and feel the bit of shatter glass . dried blood run off in rivulet from he hand . not he own . he lean against the shower wall , close he eye . CUT to : elise -- brutally slapped across the face we be in she apartment . samir loom over she . samir you let he hit I --!! you can not care about I and let such thing happen ! elise next time do not be such a smart ass -- samir sometimes I hate you just because you be so american . it make I want to hurt you . I think about fuck you and hurt you . elise can taste the blood in she mouth -- but it 's the price she 's come to accept . in a heartbeat , it 's all business . elise -- you want to fuck I ? then work with I . samir do not tell I what I have to do . elise no ? do we really want to have this conversation again ? do we --? something quietly ominous in she tone . he lower he eye . and like a sailboat , elise change tack . stroke he arm . elise I need you to help I . I need you to be strong . as you have always be strong . for both of we . -- samir ? look at I ... back to hub -- who awaken in the darkness he 's fall asleep in a chair . in he lap be a pile of visa application . his beeper go off . he rouse himself . back to elise -- roughly turned over in bed by samir sex without any shred of tenderness . as samir kiss the back of she neck , we see in she eye the thousand - yard stare . back to hub -- on the STREET in the doorway of a apartment building , Frank hand hub a styrofoam cup of coffee . it 's a ritual between they . back to elise -- lying in bed as samir smoke samir -- some people just can not live in the camp . for my brother , it be already like die . the only thing he life for be movie . he sit up in bed , reach for another cigarette . samir -- and then some sheik tell he that , to die for Allah be beautiful . if he do this thing , we parent will be take care of , and he will live on in paradise with seventy virgin . seventy . ( sigh ) and my brother , he need to believe it very much , so he strap ten stick of dynamite to he chest and go to the movie ... ( a rueful laugh ) and I become a VIP . it be very confusing . elise -- so who be you afraid of betray ? you know this people . they bomb , they maim . do they represent the Palestine you want to build ? ( look at he ) they be use you . samir you be use I , too ! everybody use the Palestinians ! we be the whore of the Middle East ! ( look at she ) you make report about we little talk --? what about fuck I ? elise I have to get special permission for that . as he stand up , naked , and go to the window , we see : the same image see again , from much farther away by hub who stand on a rooftop across the way , watch through 10×50 binoculars . Frank stand beside he . frank beat cable . sequence omit from original script . sequence omit from original script . sequence omit from original script . sequence omit from original script . the federal build -- next morning hub head for he office , he secretary nod inside . someone be wait . it 's devereaux , in a civilian suit . devereaux hi . I understand they call you hub . hub I know who you be , General . devereaux ( offer he hand ) Bill devereaux . hub I serve in the -- devereaux 82nd airborne , I know . same time I be run the -- hub -- 173rd . put I through school . devereaux god. duty . honor. country . where on Capitol Hill , Wall Street , or Hollywood would you find one man who 's even pause over one of that word in the last ten year ? hub be unsure why he 's audience to such a command performance . hub what , uh , bring you here , General ?... can I get you some coffee ? devereaux you want I to get to the point . the President 's concerned . he 's worried that -- have you meet he by any chance ? hub no , sir , I have not . I know -- read the papers -- terrorism 's a real concern for he . and you job be to -- devereaux -- with all the affection for the man I can tell you he do not know fuckall about terrorism , or the Mideast , that I do not put on he cue card . what he 's expert in be he own survival . you get my meaning ? hub I do not guess you come all this way for a cup of coffee . devereaux agent Hubbard -- you look like you think I be here to take you baby away ! hub with all respect for you expertise , sir . we be on track here . devereaux which be what I say to the President -- the Army be not some big green police department . stick with the man on the ground . hub I appreciate you support . devereaux you be sure you be not chase you own tail , though ? hub consider for a moment , then : hub what do you know about Sheik Ahmed Bin Talal ? devereaux Old news . hub maybe not . we have receive two communication -- from the bomber to " release him . " devereaux we can not release he . hub I know we state policy be not to negotiate with terrorist , but -- devereaux hub , we can not release he because we do not have he . we never have he . and besides that , he 's dead . hub the CIA say -- devereaux the CIA ? the CIA could not predict the fall of the Berlin Wall until brick be hit they in the head . ( resume ) the libyan snatch the Sheik -- some sectarian Muslim thing -- I will explain it next time you have a free week . they kill he . qaddafi put out disinformation that it be we ... who be you source on this ? hub elise kraft . devereaux ... a woman will never know the Middle East . you be talk about a culture that keep its woman slipcover . elise kraft can not tell a Sheik from the prophylactic of the same name . hub I appreciate the head up . devereaux rise , offer he hand . as they shake , elise stick she head in the door without knock . elise hub , we have get judge frankel in -- ( as devereaux turn around ) oh. hello , General . devereaux please , do not let I -- elise ( to hub ) sorry . that tip on the landlord look solid . the judge will see we right away . devereaux sound like I should get out of you way . we be there if you need we . ( at the door ; to elise ) you father well , elise ? elise as can be expect . how 's maggie ? devereaux top of she game . ( head out ) well , go get them . and he 's go . elise turn to hub . elise make new friend . hub how 's you lip --? she look at hub -- and now she know that he know . she brazen it out : elise so ... you like to watch --? hub no. just learn about commitment . elise it 's a full contact sport . CUT to : judge's chamber -- downtown judge frankel , 60 , put down he sandwich and wipe he hand . judge frankel -- you be tell I that just because some Brooklyn landlord tip you off that he 's be pay in cash , you have the right to call in the cavalry -- ! hub , as far as I know , pay cash be not yet a crime in this country . hub you be not hearing I . this khalil be carry cash for -- judge frankel -- you have observe he give cash to -- hub ... no , but -- judge frankel -- but you have hard evidence link this apartment to the people that blow up bus 87 --? elise sit quietly beside Frank , observe hub 's trial . hub I know we will turn up trace element of semtex , chemical ... something . judge frankel and when you do , you will get you warrant . hub what about as a feasibility study ? judge frankel meaning ? hub we enter first , take a look , then fill out the warrant . judge frankel tell I the difference between that and break - and -enter ? hub we be the good guy . judge frankel not good enough . hub what be good enough , judge ? another bus ? a school , maybe . this thing come in wave . judge frankel wave mean nothing to I ; there 's be a wave of violent crime commit by black people in this city for the past twenty year , but if you come to I with a plan to put all black people behind bar as a preventative measure I would send you pack . there 's a price to be pay for live in a free society -- hub -- and not in cash I guarantee it . hub catch elise 's eye -- " we be out of here . " the staircase of a tenement elise and hub climb seemingly endless flight of stair . elise -- not two judge from now , not two hour from now , not two minute from now . this guy could split any second and you have lose you best shot at -- hub Frank 's work another warrant -- elise you do not understand , they be pro ! from the age of twelve they have be dodging people like you , people better than you . hub you mean people like you ? elise -- no matter how sparkling you record be , no matter how terrify you be to fail -- finally he stop , turn on she : hub it 's ... against ... the ... law . elise -- just because you go to night school , or fill out the back of a matchbook or whatever you do to get a law degree do not make you Sir Thomas more . hub just because you talk the talk do not make you a expert . and just because you read my file do not make you a expert on I . elise you be gonna lose they and they be gonna do another horrible -- hub -- you think I want to lose they . where do you get off talk that shit . ( control himself ... ) if I do not take them down properly they will be on the street two hour from now . I could find dynamite , semtex , plutonium and a book of match in there and unless I have get the right warrant it 's all inadmissible elise they have also get a warrant . a warrant from God . they be ready to die ! and you quaint law do not mean shit to this people . hub my quaint law ? last I check you be a american citizen . and this happen to be the only law we get . ( turn on she ) look , I be just a cop , okay , and I be real sorry the cold war 's over , and you Masters of the Universe get nothing go on over there in Afghanistan or Iraq or wherever -- but you be just not in the Middle East anymore ... elise oh , really ...? they reach the top of the stair where Frank be wait . he dangle a piece of paper -- the warrant -- and grin . in the same squalid apartment build -- later hub look through the surveillance equipment focus on a apartment across the street -- paper shade draw . wearing a set of headphone , elise listen intently to the Arabic conversation . elise they be discuss how hard it be to find a decent cup of coffee over here . ( hand headset to Frank ) I make out three voice . what do you have on the infrared ? frank Three sound right . if we have microwave we would know for sure . the CIA 's get microwave , how come we do not have microwave . hub , meanwhile be question a syrian landlord . landlord -- three of they . all day long they watch tv . and eat pizza . nothing but pizza , pizza , pizza ... hub look over at Frank . they have get a way in . CUT to : sequence omit from original script . sequence omit from original script . dark hallway -- day Mike johannson , carry two pizzas , knock on a door . in the shadow below hub , Frank , and a small army of agent lock and load . a young arab open the door to the length of a chain and hand Mike a twenty - dollar bill . mike you want change , right --? young arab no . mike you gonna open the door , or what --? the arab motion , leave they on the ground . mike Jesus , do not ya hear crime 's down seven-percent ... muttering , he set the pizza down and head downstairs . after a moment we hear the chain pull and the door open . in the apartment the Young arab set the pizza on a orange crate . two other young arab in the next room barely take they eye off the rerun of " Hunter . " but as the young arab open the box : a stun grenade Hidden within , explode with a blind flash , knock he to the ground . the apartment door be blow in as armed agent rush in , hub lead the way . FBI agent ( English and Arabic ) FBI --! lie down on the floor with you hand behind you back --! the two other young arab , however -- have not be affect . not only be they in the next room , but also they eye be avert from the flash . they come up firing but only get off half a clip each before they be CUT down by a fusillade of FBI return-fire . on the ground the Young arab , momentarily disorient , stumble to he foot , only to be confront by six armed agent -- all aim at he chest . frank Drop you weapon ! the terrorist put he gun to he mouth and pull the trigger . a stillness as the cordite drift lazily toward the ceiling , hub call out from behind the table : hub what about the other ? see if we can get a pulse -- other Agents scurry in to hover over the inert body . fred Terminal . mike same here . elise ( softly ) go . hub pick himself up in time to see elise , kneel beside the body of the Young arab , she hand on he boyish chest . mike we get semtex , we get detcord , same stuff as the bus , the whole enchilada ... a few whoops and high - fives as the adrenaline rush of the firefight abate . Frank open the remain box . frank anybody like anchovy --? then from across the room , hub kneel beside a ominous - look device . a claymore mine . hub goddamn it . goddamn it . frank what --? hub it do not fire . they have it rig to the door and it do not fire . Frank stare at the lethal booby - trap . hub shake he head . hub we be too old to be lucky , Frank . CUT to : a downtown bar -- later that night where Mike and Tina be dance they ass off . around they , other agent from the takedown laugh and drink . at a nearby table hub and elise sit , watch they cut loose . elise ( sip she drink ) my first boyfriend be palestinian . my father like to say , they seduce you with they suffer . a waitress bring she another drink . elise you ever be over there --? ( he shake he head , no ) ... the courtesy with which they welcome you into they home . and the people , this incredibly ... warm people in this ... austere land . hub but you work against they . elise only the crazy . I tend to be suspicious of all true believer . ( look at he ) present company include . hub so I be a fanatic . elise let 's just say you do not seem the ambivalent type . hub be that right ? elise so why be be you a feed ? hub that 's what my nephew keep ask I . " why you with the man , unc ? " elise ... well ? what would you tell he ? hub you read my file . you tell I . elise let 's see ... Catholic school . Captain of this , president of that . hard work , fair play , make a difference , change the system from within . rah. rah. rah . hub that be in my file ? elise ... tell I I be wrong . he study she for a moment . elise ... what --? hub you believe in anything , elise --? elise like what , for instance ? hub how about right and wrong ? elise it 's easy to choose between right and wrong . what 's hard be choose the wrong that 's more right . I just want to make it all ... a little ... better. ( finish she drink ) ignore I . I be shitface . Frank appear to lean over they table . frank so be I --! hey , elise ... tell we about be a spook ? ever meet Aldrich Ames ? be not you at the Bay of Pigs ? elise you be in charge of waco , right -- ? or be that Ruby Ridge ? frank the shah of Iran , noriega , I love the way you guy predict the collapse of the Soviet Union . elise yeah , yeah , yeah ... and J. Edgar Hoover wear a dress . she laugh and stand up to dance : elise what do you say , hub ...? peace ? but as he grudgingly stand up , a ballad come on . they stand there awkwardly . finally , he take she into he arm . elise this feel like high school . hub -- only my prom date be not pack a gun . elise mine 's a 9 mm . how big be yours ? hub two inch . from the ground . ( laugh , they dance closer ) so what 's the latest from samir . I want a list of every visa he sponsor . elise not sure he will do it . hub I once know this undercover guy , start to care so much about he source -- elise -- samir 's a source . period . hub have you consider that he might also be in bed with the other side ? elise samir in bed with they ? that would too much to wish for . hub you be so confident . elise only in bed . Tina watch they . she roll she eye at Frank . and then : the ground shake a low rumble as the light flicker and the chandelier sway . frank whoa ... what do they put in this drink --? tina they get earthquake in Manhattan ? but elise be not too drunk to make she way to the door . hub join she . already , in the distance , the wailing of siren . in the town car -- speed uptown on madison ave Blue light flashing . hub , elise and Frank sit grimly silent . traffic be snarl and gridlock at 40th . finally , they can take it no longer and step out into a chorus of honking horn . they begin to run past the frustrated driver . turn the corner at 41st where : smoke billow from the New Victory theatre -- where a gala benefit be take place . girl in a prada gown walk toward camera . she 's stun . from the jewele clutchbag to the tasteful necklace , everything be perfect , except : her right arm be missing and now we see : the black -and-white haphazardly pull - up over the step and the firetrucks already unspool they hose . cop , firemen , emt 's . everybody 's scream . hub and elise race past . man in black tie sit , weep quietly beneath the once proud stone lion . the few survivor they face cut and bleed , stumble around , disorient . as hub and elise continue toward a SOUND we have never hear before in this country . a kind of keen . a nypd sergeant be the senior officer on the scene . hub show he shield to the man who appear a bit shell - shocked . nypd sergeant -- fuck bastard wait ' till intermission . everybody stand around ... oh , Jesus ... glass crunching underfoot , they can only watch as horribly disfigure body be carry out . a news reporter shove a microphone in hub 's face . news reporter be it true the governor be attend tonight 's benefit --? hub I do not know . news reporter who it be I be speak to --? hub ignore the reporter . he see that elise be already tear off part of she skirt to bandage a society matron . he take off he coat and go to work beside she . CUT to : a darkened airplane hub sit alone . pilot ( o.s. ) folk , as you can probably tell , we have begin we descent into Washington 's National airport . the high - pitched whistling SOUND be heard again hub reach up to he damaged ear . as anyone who 's ever fly with a sinus problem know , the pain be excruciate . stewardess -- you alright ? but we can only lip - read she question . he 's sweat now . over this , we hear : army general ( v.o. ) either we answer this threat quickly and convincingly or next week there will be a hundred more all over the world . sequence omit from original script . on capitol hill -- later that day as hub climb the step toward the gleam dome , the debate continue within : congressman marshall ( v.o. ) sound great , General , except why can not we find out who 's behind it -- ? in the rotunda library a strategy session chaire by General devereaux . sleeve roll up , silver coffee service . staff member abound . FBI director this sect be organize so you need a kill to you credit to get inside . it make undercover operation impossible . what that leave we be ... we be work on it . senator wright how about who 's behind who 's behind this ? CIA director Libya . Iraq . iran. possibly Syria . chief of staff ask a question . get a atla . senator wright all I know be that we must respond . chief of staff respond , sure . but how ? senator wright find out who it be and bomb the shit out of they . chief of staff and if we can not find out --? the question hang in the air . congressman marshall look it keep escalate . first a bus , then the theatre . what 's next ? senator wright anything but leadership . devereaux with all respect , Senator , why do not we just stipulate that the President be a dumb son of a bitch so we can all get down to business . a icebreaker . everyone laugh . congressman marshall ( v.o. ) what about send in the Guard ? attorney general ( v.o. ) the National Guard be train for riot control not counter - terrorism . senator wright the Army then . I have see the contingency plan . attorney general it 's settle legal doctrine , posse comitatus , that the Army not be turn against we own people . senator wright even if that 's what we own people be ask for , three to one ? speaker of the house if the President be willing to declare a State of emergency -- senator wright President lincoln declare martial law in 1862 . he suspend -- attorney general -- which the Supreme Court later find un - constitutional . ex parte Milligan . congressman marshall and I have get a election in November . ex - United States Congressman . chief of staff guy , guy , the President lose a lot of friend last night -- congressman marshall not to mention six point in the poll . chief of staff -- and he plane land in two hour . we owe it to he to have a consensus . speaker of the house you do not fight a junkyard dog with aspca rule . what you do be take the leash off you own , bigger , meaner dog . chief of staff ... General ? devereaux the Army be a broadsword not a scalpel . you do not want we in a american city . chief of staff but hypothetically ... how long would it take you to -- devereaux we only go if the President invoke the War power Act . chief of staff I understand that , General . let we imagine , though , for a moment , that the order have be give . close on devereaux . as he weigh he remark , we flashcut , almost imperceptibly to : a anonymous room as water be pour over anonymous hand in a ritualize manner . o.s. we hear the SOUND of chant . back to -- the situation room -- same time devereaux ... twelve hour after the President give the word we can be on the ground . one light infantry division of ten thousand seven hundred man . element of the rapid deployment Force combine with special force -- Delta . apc 's , tank , helicopter . and of course , the ubiquitous m- 16 A1 assault rifle , a humble weapon until you see a man carry one outside you local bowl alley or Seven - eleven . it will be noisy , it will be scary and it will not be mistaken for a vfw parade . back to -- the anonymous room where the same anonymous hand lift a cotton shroud . we watch in slow-motion as it drift down a shoulder . back to -- the situation room devereaux that mean civilian casualty . at a minimum it 's a drunk private joyride in a hummer who run down a old lady in greenpoint . at a maximum ... ( sigh ) make no mistake . we will hunt the enemy . we will find the enemy . and we will kill the enemy . back to -- the anonymous hand turn the key in a ignition . a engine rumble to life . back to -- the situation room devereaux ( look at they ) and no card - carry member of the aclu be more deadset against it ... than I be . which be why I urge you ... no , I implore you not to consider this option . a long beat . the Chief of staff sigh . chief of staff I know what the President will say . devereaux what 's that ? chief of staff that 's exactly why you be the only man for the job . back to -- a van emerge from a dark garage like a beast from a cave . back to -- the situation room the Army General speak up . army general I remind you General devereaux do not speak for official Army policy . a police function have become accept as we role in Haiti , in Somalia -- hub -- could I interrupt ? everyone look over at hub . devereaux smile . devereaux that 's Anthony Hubbard , FBI . he 's the asac on the ground up there . they take out the first cell less than 36 hour after bus 87 . I suggest we hear what he have to say -- he nod to hub , who acknowledge the vote of confidence . hub there be something you probably have not think about do ? chief of staff and that be --? hub nothing . do not over-react . ( off they incredulity ) with all respect , gentleman , I be just a cop . to you this people may be martyr , but to I they be criminal . and a criminal be no more than somebody who think he 's better than everyone else . and he 's not better . he only have to be wrong once . and that 's where we come in . we run down a tip from a landlord , or we pick up a latent print from a bus . we phone be ringing off the hook with people from the arab community want to help . he measure he word carefully . unaccustom to this kind of august circumstance . hub they love this country and they hate that this criminal be give they a bad name . with they help and some old - fashioned shoe leather , we will nail this guy . devereaux -- amen to that . chief of staff thank you , agent Hubbard . I , too , think we should proceed cautiously . ( look around ) now we have get a Agency briefing prepare ... some of you may not know Sharon bridger . Sharon be post in Iraq as part of we covert operation during the Gulf War . -- Sharon ... close on -- hub as , from behind he , come a familiar voice : elise we all know the traditional model of a terrorist network . one cell control all other . cut off the head and the body will wither . hub look to the back of the room at elise , who 's no longer elise . she look blithely at hub as if nothing be amiss . elise unfortunately the old wisdom no longer apply . the new paradigm be like the myth of the hydra . each cell exist independent of the other . cut off one head and another rise up in its place . another flash CUT -- the van cross the Brooklyn Bridge , keep well below the speed limit . in the distance , the glass tower of Manhattan . back to -- the situation room elise Bus 87 be the work of cell # 1 . its elimination only activate the work of cell # 2 -- the theatre gala . flash CUT -- the van turn up Wall Street . Frank haddad and Danny exit the federal build . they pass Mike and Fred , head back in . something about the van cause Frank to take notice . back to -- the situation room chief of staff and cell # 3 ? how do we find cell # 3 ? everyone look to Sharon / elise . hub look at she , too . close on -- sharon / elise the question hang in the air . she 's think about something . what ? another flash CUT -- the van jump the curb and head across the plaza on a collision course with the glass lobby of the federal build . Frank and Danny be roote to the ground . back to -- the situation room Close on Sharon / elise . as time elongate . she know . elise we do not know . sequence omit from original script . dissolve to : white screen ( all SOUND out ) puffy cloud in a blue sky . as we tilt down into : the gute ruin of what be once the Federal Building . rescue worker hunt for survivor as other carry body bag toward wait ambulance . hub stand sentinel to the grisly process as indeed he have stand there all night . Frank be beside he . hub -- be they confirm ? frank Fred , whitney , we be wait on who else ... a jeep pull up and elise / Sharon get out . hub Sharon . they silence speak volume . with Sharon be a officer . elise this be Colonel hardwick . Army Intelligence . hub ( shaking hand ) Anthony Hubbard . average intelligence . ( clocking he ) but ' till I hear otherwise this be still my show . col . hardwick I be here as a advisor only . I intend to keep a low profile . hub I appreciate that , Colonel . col . hardwick I do not mean to be insensitive , but what , exactly , be you capability at this point ? you ... infrastructure -- hub you be stand on we infrastructure . Excuse I . hub walk back toward the rubble . Sharon watch he go . CUT to : hub be apartment -- that night sofas have be push against the wall . hub 's apartment now serve as a temporary command post . Agents huddle together -- poring over the char or soggy remnant of file . floyd -- they manage to get a partial vin # off the van . dmv say it be report steal the day before in -- hub -- Brooklyn . danny fiber think they have come up with a piece of the shroud . egyptian cotton . Frank join they . frank ( grim ) we just get a confirmation on Mike . he be with Fred in the lobby . hub how many do that make it --? a knock on the door . they look at one another . one of the agent answer it . elise / Sharon . she walk over to they . elise I be ... very sorry ... about you friend . hub ( give she nothing ) Frank . this be sharon. ( to she ) -- I do not catch the last name . elise ... bridger . how ya doin ' Frank ? frank be better . she nod . take from she purse a folder , label in Hebrew . elise the agency have come up with another list of probable . she take out photo . neither hub nor Frank react . she put they on the coffee table . no one reach for they . elise I think we should circulate they . ( they stonewall she : ) hey , this stuff may be good . hub why be there no warning from samir ? elise because he do not know anything . frank say samir . elise say I . hub maybe I will ask he . elise over my dead body . hub over six hundred dead body . they stare at one another . both be tired and raw . elise look , he 's one of the good guy . okay ? hub how the fuck can you be so sure ? elise because he help I recruit the network in Iraq . okay ? he just stare at she . elise we be part of the operation to destabilize Saddam Hussein . Printing up fake dinar , arming the Kurds -- hub -- and financing the Sheik . elise he 's iraqi . he be go to be we Ayatollah Khomeini -- hub -- and help bring down Saddam . elise I run the network . samir be the go - between . he risk he life for we over there . hub so who be they ? give I name , give I picture . not some history lesson . elise I can not give you picture because I do not know what they look like . we do everything at arm 's length . hub so you get nothing . elise I have get samir . hub have he have any contact with they ? elise minimal . hub how do he do it ? elise he can not . they initiate . hub and otherwise ... elise he 's wait . hub he 's wait ? what 's he wait for ? more body ? we get lot more building in midtown , maybe he 's wait to see how many they can blow up . elise look , I know how you must feel -- hub you don't know shit how I feel -- my friend be dead . hundred of people be dead . elise they will make contact soon . hub how ?... why soon ? she look at he , refuse to divulge anything more . suddenly , hub grab she arm and roughly shove she into : the bathroom hub ( viciously ) what 's the tradecraft , Sharon ? ironsite , visual ? I love all that spy shit . ( still , she say nothing ) I be gonna haul you boy downtown , strap he ass to a polygraph and ask he all about you . then I be gonna send the transcript to a friend of mine at the Times who just love to write about the latest CIA link to some political horror show . elise you burn he , you lose any chance you ever have . hub it 's lose - lose from here on in , who say that ? elise I be not fuck with you . hub how can you possibly remember who you be fuck ? she slap he , hard . without hesitation he slap she back . she claw at he face , but he grab she wrist and bend she arm behind she back . elise I need ... more time . please . you be hurt I . please ... something in the violence of the moment be more than a little charge . CUT to : various shot -- the surveillance of sharon and samir a dead drop by a hot dog stand . out for she morning jog . a series of freeze frame as the motordrive click and whirs . frank ( v.o. ) that 's good sound . hub ( v.o. ) except they be not say anything worth listen to . sequence omit from original script . in a hammam ( bath - house ) samir chat with a couple of older man in the steaming water . more freeze frame : frank ( v.o. ) one 's he uncle , he own the place . the other 's a doctor . they check out clean . hub ( v.o. ) he go there every day ? frank ( v.o. ) a clean body and a pure heart . sequence omit from original script . sequence omit from original script . a tv logo : fox news special report : new york under siege newscaster ( v.o. ) " tonight we take a close look at the tragic sight of a city under siege . " hub' apartment hub sit on he sofa , watch the special report . spread out before he , the surveillance photo of Sharon and samir . video clip a desert Times Square . Police check package of shopper in front of a department store . Long line of security at bus stop . ext . downtown - next morning hub and Frank be walk downtown . at a stoptlight , a bus idle beside they , a policeman onboard . radio dj ( v.o. ) -- claim responsibility for the bombing . in other news , a cab driver be beat and he cab set on fire . the driver , rashid Abu -- another car . talk radio : talk radio ( o.s. ) -- the Jews , man . when they say , jump , we say , how high . I say we -- frank -- if you be on the State Department terrorist watch list you can not get into this country . but Ali waziri be on the watch list , and he get in . hub do you call the State Department ? frank they tell I to call INS . hub -- and ? frank they tell I to call State . hub do not you just love government ? the explosion be only the bus backfire . pedestrian who have throw themselves to the ground , scream , now pick themselves up , laugh . only hub and Frank be not laugh . news anchor desk newscaster " as many fle , there be other who stay behind to pay the price ... video clip jamme freeway ; a looted corner deli , its arab owner , bloody : police check backpack at a elementary school . newscaster ( v.o. ) today , as hundred of law enforcement official gather in a Broadway theatre , outside people want answer . video clip angry people , scared people . hub , be interview about the coordinate effort of law enforcement . newscaster ( v.o. ) already there be talk of a protest march by a coalition of -- inside the theatre ( a video clip turn back to film ) hub and a few other sit on the stage . two hundred law enforcement official fill the orchestra seat . mayoral aa ( v.o. ) the people of this CITY have a right -- danny ( v.o . ) -- the purpose of this meeting --! mayoral aa -- be to make this CITY safe ...! and you department -- danny my department what , asshole ...? Sharon stand at the back , meet hub 's eye , and wave . district attorney guy ... guy ... everybody be talk at once . in frustration , hub cover a microphone with he hand . the feedback silence the room . hub sorry . from now on , we will raise we hand and wait to be call on -- a appreciative chuckle . hub point to a man in a suit . INS official Howard Kaplan . INS . so we have pull every ethnic visa in the city and trace they to source . who want they ? hub Danny --? danny we bring be in , have a talk . uniform cop ( v.o. ) what about translator --? district attorney ( v.o. ) how many people we talk about here ? INS official sixteen hundred , maybe more . danny where the hell we gonna put sixteen hundred people ? everyone again begin speak at once . hub take control . man in suit what about a military presence at JFK and LaGuardia --? hub I do not think we be there yet . it 's also not go to stop this people . mayoral aa what about protect the arab population ? there 's a lot of anger -- arab spokesman ( v.o. ) I represent the american - arab anti- discrimination Committee . whatever injustice my people may be suffer at this difficult moment , we will continue to show we patriotism and we commitment to this country . hub thank you , sir . and to everyone else for they patience today . this be extremely difficult time -- London , Paris , we be not the first city to have to deal with this . he pause a moment , search for the word . hub in tel aviv , the day after they blow up the market , the market be full . ( look out at they ) this be New York . we can take it . and then two hundred beeper all go off at once . everyone look at one another . dear God , what now ... a grainy black &amp ; white video image kid , huddle in a corner , cry . a dead mom . the leg of what we imagine be the terrorist . we be in : a elementary school -- a upstair hallway hub huddle with other agent behind a makeshift blast - barricade of desk and table . Sharon kneel beside they . danny -- one of the mom be carry a piece , wound the guy as he 's plant the device . he kill she and lock they all in . ( point at video ) up there in the corner ... by the clock . the probe be a hot-head , " arthroscopic " video camera . danny -- it 's get a timer on it only we do not know how much time be leave . as hub stare at the horrifying image , the white - noise return and begin to grow in he head . hub closer on the timer . technician I be try but the angle 's wrong ... the noise in hub 's head continue to grow . and then suddenly it be compound by the SOUND of a approaching chopper -- as a nypd swat helicopter lower itself into view . frank what the fuck be the nypd do here ?! danny I do not know . somebody must have -- frank -- we've run drill on this jurisdiction bullshit since -- danny I know --! you think I -- hub quit bickering and fix it ! in the helicopter -- a marksman raise a sniper 's rifle . the white noise be scream now in hub 's head . unimaginable . unbearable . danny ( on he radio ) nypd swat , this be the FBI . get that bird the fuck out of there ! the SOUND of the chopper and the white noise drow he out . on the video monitor Children be scream without sound . even the chopper be drown out by the white noise . in the chopper the marksman take careful aim -- in the classroom the terrorist grab a child as a human shield . hub close he eye to the imminent nightmare , and then : suddenly , without warning -- he take off , barrel down the hall , toward the lock door of the classroom . the door splinter he fly through it , fire , hit the terrorist twice . a explosion much like the first one on Bus 99 . hub throw himself over several scream child . and for a moment we do not know if they will live or die , until : blue paint cover they all . Agents pour in , follow by Sharon . there , on the floor , hold as many weep child as he can : hub who , unable to keep up the facade for a single second more , be also weep now . weeping for the victim of the bombing , weep for the child who have survive , weep for himself . and for a moment , everyone just ... stand there , vaguely embarrassed , and more than a little move . int . hub be apartment - that night hub sit in he boxer , toweling blue paint from he hair , listen to the CNN report of the school attack . a knock at the door . he pull on he pants . it 's Sharon . elise this just come in . she hand hub another fax : " last warning . release him . " he look at it and hand it back to she without a word . elise you alright ? hub my neck 's a little stiff , that 's all . elise ( a long look ) that 's not what I mean . hub I know . they stand awkwardly in the doorway for a moment . hub you want a drink ? elise sure . he walk over and open a bottle of scotch . elise that be a pretty crazy thing you do today . he do not respond . hand she the drink . hub better day . she take a drink . then another . elise I want to -- I ... just do not feel like ... be alone ... tonight . hub where 's samir ? elise I could call he . maybe he would join we . hub you would like that . elise I might . or I could call Tina . hub 555-6354 . they stare at each other . elise look , I think samir would be a easy recruit . he be not . it be crazy but I do what I have to do . ( look at he ) you know as well as I do , run a agent can be very ... complicated . hub how about run a FBI agent ? elise you think I be try to run you ? hub ( look at she ) ... why else be you here ? elise ( stare right back ) ... you know why I be here . it 's a charge moment . they be two sad and lonely people . elise tell I to leave . hub leave . elise no . when they embrace , they ferocity and desperation be something more than comfort and less than love . sequence omit from original script . CUT to : the chief of staff' office -- night the Chief of staff be work late in a cardigan sweater . devereaux , in he impeccable suit , stand opposite he . even at ease he be smartly erect . chief of staff the FBI receive another fax . devereaux Ahmed Bin Talal . they be still under the impression that we have he . chief of staff do we ? have he ? devereaux to refresh you memory , as I tell you last time , it be the libyan who -- chief of staff I remember perfectly well what you say last time . ( look at he ) do we ? devereaux frost he with a look . devereaux let I give you some free advice , son . do not get between I and the President . you might break a nail . chief of staff I be speak for the President . he and devereaux look at each other . it be the moment of plausible deniability . devereaux as far as the President be concerned ... no , we do not . the Chief of staff accept the answer because it serve he , for now . and because he have a more press agenda . chief of staff General , do you know that after yesterday 's attack , half the parent in this country keep they child out of school --? ( devereaux nod ) ... they be attack we way of life . it 's get to stop . and the President can not afford to be weak . devereaux ( read the subtext ) be you say the President be prepare to take the necessary step ...? chief of staff I be say , the President be prepare to be ... presidential . CUT to : hub be apartment - dawn a ringing phone . hub wake up in a tangle of sheet . he look around and realize he be alone . do last night even happen ? hub ( on the phone ) Hubbard ... what --? ... slow down , slow down -- he reach for the remote control , turn on the tv . CUT to : a grinding of tread on asphalt -- dawn as the first apc enter Brooklyn . follow by another . and another . and in a sound bite : General devereaux , in fatigue for the first time , and look like grim death . devereaux today , with the invocation of the War power Act by the President , I be declare a state of martial law in this city . the battle of brooklyn have begun Road block set up at select intersection . random stop -and - frisk . patrol of young soldier in the street . gang kide , same age , same color , eye they warily . devereaux to the best of we knowledge , we be oppose by no more than twenty of the enemy . he be hide among a population of roughly two million . the brooklyn bridge be close . soldier in full battle - dress stop car , check trunk , handbags , briefcase , and id 's . the line of honking , angry motorist stretch as far as the eye can see . devereaux Intelligence tell we he be most likely arab-speak , between the age of fourteen and thirty . narrow the target to fifteen thousand suspect . a swarthy teenager be pull from a car by a sergeant and lead away to a camouflaged tent set up on the bridge . devereaux we can further reduce that number down to that who have be in this country less than six month . now you have twenty hide among two thousand . a car trunk be inspect . two woman wave through . devereaux if you be one of this twenty young man , you can hide among a population of similar ethnic background . unfortunately for you , you can only hide there . and that population , in the classic immigration pattern , be concentrate . right here in Brooklyn . hub and Sharon stare at the orwellian tableau . devereaux we intend to seal off this borough . and then we intend to squeeze it . this be the land of opportunity , gentleman . the opportunity to turn yourselves in . after sundown tonight any young man fitting the profile I describe who have not cooperate will be arrest and detain . hub and Sharon show they id 's to a mp . mp would you follow I , please . the General be expect you . he lead he to a camouflaged tent on the service roadway . devereaux there be historically nothing more corrosive to the morale of a army than police its own citizen . in the tent the swarthy teenager be be interrogate by col . hardwick . devereaux but the enemy would be sadly mistaken if they be to doubt we resolve . they be now face to face with the most fearsome kill machine in the history of man . and I intend to use it . and be back on base in time for the play-off ... that be all . devereaux see hub and stride over to he : devereaux hub . good to see you again . hub I can not say the same , sir . not in that uniform . I think you be against this . devereaux I be against it . it be not my call . hub " I be only follow order " do not work at Nuremberg . it may not be you policy but they be you tactic . devereaux you operation have its chance , hub , and you could not get it do . you be down three touchdown . time to bring in the first string . hub against we own team ? devereaux suddenly go ice cold . devereaux be you question my patriotism ? hub I be question you judgement , yes , sir . devereaux hub , I want you to take a moment and reflect on my life as a soldier . I have a dozen tropical disease I will never entirely get rid of . I set off metal detector with the shrapnel in my ass . I have watch man die and I have kill . now I be serve my President and quite possibly not the best interest of my country , but my profession do not afford I the luxury of that distinction . I will not question you patriotism but do not you ever again question my command . hub I be not under you command , General . devereaux take a good look around , my friend , and tell I that 's still true . ( soften he tone ) but we be not shutting you out . in fact , I can not do it without you , hub . I need man like you . Men willing to put it on the line like you do in that schoolroom . ( gesture to he uniform ) this star mean I have be put it on the line for thirty year ... and never make a mistake worth remember . do not tell I I make a mistake about you . on the bridge -- moment later hub and Sharon exit the command tent . hub ( ironic ) they be not shutting we out . they need man like I . elise he will fuck it up , the arrogant prick . you ever meet anybody so in love with the sound of he own voice ? hub we be put samir in play . elise now ? with all this go on ? he 's freak . hub oh , right , he 's high -strung . only you can manage he . you and the CIA and the dia and god-know - who-else you be really work for --! ( seethe ) get back in there , Sharon , elise , whatever the fuck you name be -- they will probably make you a Colonel ... if you be not one already . she gesture at the military leviathan . elise all this ... be no more in we interest than it be in yours , hub . hub what , exactly , be you interest , Sharon ? you protect samir , you protect the agency . you be interested in protect everything but you country . elise you have no idea what I do for my country . hub no , and I do not want to know . with you or without you we be put samir in play . now . she look at he for a long moment . consider : elise one more lamb to the slaughter . CUT to : a half -opened door of a apartment samir look and see hub , stand beside Sharon . samir oh , my God . oh , my God ... he try to slam the door , but they force it open . he grab a fat joint from a ashtray and hurry into the bathroom . hub ( to Sharon ) do he understand the difference between the FBI and the dea ? elise samir ... it 's fine , he 's cool . outside , the sound of gunfire . samir reappear , wild - eye . samir listen to that --! be you listen ? they be kill Arabs out there ! hub you can stop it all right now . samir what be you talk about --? the army be here . they be set up interrogation center right now . they be torture people in cellar . hub let 's just calm down for a second ... samir -- I have get to get out of here . you have to help I -- he go over and peer out the draw curtain . hub ( gentle a horse ) we will take care of you ... do not worry . you just have to calm down -- samir money ... I must have more money ... hub -- you get a student visa for Ali waziri . because ... somebody ask you to -- do not they --? samir I ... get it myself . Sharon crack he across the face . elise liar --! now it 's samir 's turn to taste the blood in he mouth . elise you ... tell he ... what he want to know . hub ( to Sharon ) hey , that 's enough . elise he know . he fuck know . samir she 's crazy . they be ghost . jinn . they would never trust someone like I . elise stop simper . samir please ... elise I have get a picture of the two of we , do you remember that picture , samir ? ( the mask come off : ) I be go to post that picture in every mosque in Brooklyn . and then I be gonna send copy to some friend of mine on the West Bank . you have get family there , do not you --? hub jump up , take Sharon by the arm . elise let go of I -- he give she the bum' rush out of the apartment , shut the door , then turn back to samir , who sit , ashen -face . hub now ... nobody 's go to burn you , nobody 's go to call anybody -- ( sit beside he ) -- who ask you to get that visa ? samir be tremble . tear roll down he cheek . hub do not be afraid . I can protect you . there 's nothing to be afraid of . samir I be afraid of go to hell . hub just sit there . he know he 's get he . finally : samir his name be tariq husseini . he run a auto shop . ( hub wait for more --) ...on commerce Street in Red hook . hub ( hand he a card ) my beeper number . anybody mess with you , I be there in twenty minute . he get up and walk into : the hallway where Sharon wait . as they head for the stair we hear : elise ( v.o. ) you be good . hub ( v.o. ) you be not so bad yourself . but we be hearing it along with : col . hardwick in a nearby surveillance vehicle -- where , through the newest microwave technology ( the kind the FBI do not yet have ) , he have overheard the entire conversation . on a notepad in he lap , the name , " tariq husseini . " CUT to : outside samir' apartment they be in a housing project . hub dial he cell phone . elise you call devereaux . hub do not get he number . darn. ( on the phone ) floyd , hub . we need to put something together in a big -ass hurry ... where 's Frank --?... give he a 911 . a yellow school bus pull up beside they and armed soldier hop out . Sharon watch they as hub continue : hub ( on the phone ) -- and find some kind of beat - up car ... well , beat it up yourself if you have to ... 896 commerce St ... it 's a garage in Red hook ... but remember -- ( look at she ) -- they be pro . a psy -op van pass by , broadcasting through a p.a. van loudspeaker -- all person without proper authorization must be off the street until seven a.m . failure to comply will result in immediate arrest . the announcement be then repeat in Arabic . rounding a corner they come upon several more yellow school buse . from within the various apartment the shrill protest of mother and sister as young men fitting the " terrorist profile " be hustle into the buse . hub Jesus ... elise tariq will go to ground . hub we can hit he in less than a hour . elise ( turn to leave ) hit he hard . hub where be you go ? elise I have get to stash samir someplace safe . ( as she go ) go with God . hub hurry on toward he car , pass teenage girl , defiantly wear keffiyah , who mill about , taunting soldier with obscenity in English and Arabic . a apc drive past , further inflame they passion . suddenly , a volley rock and bottle come hurtle out of nowhere , smash harmlessly against the armor . the teenager laugh . and then , the sudden concussion of a small blast from up the STREET . the teenager scream and scatter . hub sprint toward a smoking car , pull he weapon from he hip . a soldier be rolling on the ground , scream beside a parked car . his leg be shred . armore jeep come squealing around a corner . m- 16 's be lock , load and levele at hub . hub FBI --! FBI --! for a moment , it 's touch - and - go as the the terrify recruit , just week out of basic training , decide whether to shoot . on the ground , the injure soldier keep scream . hub now ... I be gonna ... reach ... into my jacket ... and show you ... my shield . young soldier Drop you weapon --! hub drop the gun and show he credential . the young soldier approach warily as medic attend to the wounded man . young soldier sorry , sir. somebody 's booby -trapping car ... we be all a little spook . the rattle of small - arm fire be heard from up the street . in the distance , a run figure be chase by three soldier . the transformation be complete : Brooklyn as Gaza . reaching he car hub climb in . on a nearby pock - mark wall , a single word , " intifada . " CUT to : ext . a old warehouse -- later hub , who sit in a beat - up old car , a baseball cap wear backwards on he head . he key he radio . hub all unit , report in turn . if talk will reveal you position , just key you walkie ... a old warehouse -- red hook Inside , a auto garage . hoist , compression cylinder , archwelder . outside , two wino share a bottle by the curb . a beat - up dodge drive up . in it , two scruffy - look Black men . upon close inspection we realize that one be hub . the other be floyd . hub ( to a mechanic ) yo ... the mechanic look out from under a car . he 's Hispanic . mechanic que pasa ? hub tariq around ? the mechanic gesture to a partition - office in the back . as hub head toward it , he check out the other worker : a teenager do a compression check , another fix a tire . in the office tariq be on the phone talk in Arabic as hub enter . hub tariq ? tariq hold up a finger , hold on . hub sit opposite he . tariq how can I help you . hub you be tariq husseini ? tariq he 's out . hub damn . do you think you could give he a message ? tariq of course . hub tell he the FBI be after he . tariq you be joke . hub very ... slowly ... put you hand on top of the table . tariq notice that hub 's hand be out of sight beneath the table . hub draw back the slide of he the weapon with a audible click . tariq mutter a curse in Arabic . hub that would not be a racist epithet , now would it ? stand up . as tariq stand , hub cross behind he , kick out he leg , pat he down , and cuff he . meanwhile -- in the warehouse the two wino have reveal themselves as shotgun- wield FBI agent and be now rousting the garage worker . hub where be the other ? tariq what other ? but before hub can answer , a amplified voice be hear . psy-op ( v.o. ) tariq husseini , this be the United States Army . you be surround . hub be as surprised as tariq . psy -op you have thirty second to throw out any weapon and exit the premise with you hand on top of you head . one of the agent with the shotgun call out . shotgun agent -- Sir ? hub do as he say . as hub hustle tariq to he foot , the other agent start to hustle the worker out of door , when : the young mechanic reaches into he overall . shotgun agent freeze --! but when the mechanic pull he hand out from he overall , all he be hold be the pin to a grenade . the explosion kill both the FBI agent and they prisoner . hub throw tariq to the ground . from a upper window a automatic weapon open fire on the Army presence . high above -- in a chopper devereaux respond with a dispassionate intensity . devereaux code blue . his order unleash a overwhelming display of firepower . inside the warehouse hub and tariq crawl for cover as window explode , wall be shredd , and incendiary tracer round mix with solvent and gasoline to start a conflagration . with the vaguely hallucinatory quality of the s.l.a. shootout , white noise bleed in and all SOUND fade out : a m-60 tank ( silent ) race in from around the corner , only to be hit by a rocket - propelled grenade fire through the second floor window . int . chopper devereaux code Red . two apache attack helicopter ( silent ) appear from they hide place behind a nearby building . as they dive into they attack trajectory -- hub ( silent ) crawl , drag tariq toward the door as : the chain gun ( silent ) of the attack helicopter fire 2,000 round a minute -- virtually unzipping the warehouse -- soften it for the two hydra rocket that reduce it instantly to a huge fireball . in the chopper -- devereaux watch the awesome display of firepower with calm detachment . inside the warehouse -- two shadowy figure stagger , blind , out of the inferno . hub drag a half - conscious tariq , where they be pounce on by commando . dissolve to : the stadium -- night pac 's and tank ring the stadium . a anti-terrorist perimeter have be establish -- concrete obstacle , sandbag and razor- wire . musco-lights cast they pitiless glow . outside the perimeter a mob of frighten parent , girlfriend , and furious father . a lawyer for the aclu confront a young Lieutenant . aclu lawyer -- just want to know if my client 's name be on the list . young lieutenant Sir , the list will be update every twelve hour and post in the -- a gaggle of journalist try to force they way in ... journalist -- this pass guarantee ... you can 't -- ... the first fucking amendment ! lieutenant # 2 there will be a pool briefing for all accredite journalist at 0700 hour . hub show he id . be allow to enter into : the dark stadium tunnel a muffled cry that might or might not have come from someone in pain . his footstep echo as he walk out to where : 2,000 detainee all young man between the age of sixteen and thirty be milling about . squatte , smoking , pace , some laugh , most look terrify . all spread across : the halogen - lit football field armed guard backlit in the upper tier . enlist man pass out blanket and soup . nearby , hub see Tina , stand quite still -- finally , she be able to speak . tina 1942 , my father be put into the camp at manzanar . until the end of the war . two year . now he root for the dodger and swear it could never happen again . moment later -- on the field hub ask for devereaux , be direct across the field , through a aisle in the wire cage . frank haddad loom out of the shadow . he look terrible , draw . furious . frank they get frankie . my kid 's here someplace -- hub Frank , slow down -- frank ( fight back tear of rage ) he 's only thirteen , for chrissake -- nearby , the " allahuh akbar , " call , to evening prayer . hub I will get he out . frank they come into my house . my wife tell they who I be -- ( swallow hard ) how many time do I put it on the line , hub -- ? how many time -- hub Frank -- frank we be american citizen , twenty year . ten year in the bureau -- they knock she down ... and take he . out of my own house . hub it 's wrong , Frank . what can I say to you , but it 's ... all ... terribly ... horribly ... wrong. ( take he arm ) now , come with I . frank no ! I have get to find he . besides , this be where I belong . ( take out he wallet , hand over he badge ) here . I be not they sand nigger anymore . hub watch as he he walk away . a muezzin chant the call to evening prayer . Frank drop to he knee and join the rest of the prisoner . the locker room have be transformed in a command post . devereaux -- and he name be haddad ? hub Frank ... haddad . junior . col . hardwick his father 's a shiite . we be check he out . hub check this out , pal . his father 's a federal agent for ten year . col . hardwick do not get in my face , Hubbard . I might decide you be a ethiopian . hub and you be just stupid enough to think that 's a insult . devereaux if a mistake 's be make we will fix it . hub there be no " if " . I be vouching for this kid . I want he out . devereaux and I say we will look into it . hub you mean , like you be look into I ? surveille I ? break up my operation ? if I would know I be go to have to do you job for you I would never have leave the army . devereaux there 's a FBI office in anchorage , agent Hubbard . fuck with I and you will be learn a hundred and fifty new word for snow . the two man stare at each other . hub tariq husseini be my prisoner . I want to see he . devereaux the prisoner be be interrogate . hub I want to see he . devereaux just look at he as we CUT to : the tile shower room tariq be strapped , naked , into a fold metal chair . his head loll on he chest , he eye be dull . on a nearby table , a empty syringe . two mp's stand guard . Sharon be speak softly to he in Arabic . suddenly , tarak spit in she face . she wipe it off as if it be nothing . devereaux how long have you be at it ? elise not long enough , apparently . devereaux how much longer , do you think , before he give up the other cell -- hub he can not give up the other cell if he do not know about they . devereaux he know . hub ( gesture to Sharon ) what about she briefing ? the strategy session -- she say the cell do not know about each other , that they -- devereaux ignore he . turn to Sharon . devereaux how long before he break ? elise at this rate . too long . the theatre be hit nine hour after we take down the first cell . devereaux so -- what other model do we have -- ? no one want to be the first to step into unchart terrain . devereaux shake . nobody answer . devereaux what about it , Sharon ? elise -- wo not work . devereaux Works for the Israelis . elise only in conjunction with sleep deprivation . need at least thirty - six hour . hub stare at Sharon -- as the dark side of she professional life be reveal . devereaux we do not have thirty - six hour . another silence . they be teeter on the edge of the abyss . devereaux electric shock ? elise the neurotransmitters just shut down . devereaux Water ? col . hardwick palestinian authority be produce good intel use water . hub finally can not take another second . even in theory . hub be you people insane --? devereaux the time have come for one man to suffer in order to save the life of hundred hub how about two man ? how about three ? how about public execution , that might work . devereaux you be welcome to wait outside . hub General ... you have lose man , I have lose man ... but what you be do ... it do not work in belfast . it do not work in Gaza . and it will not work here . ( it come slowly at first , then in a rush : ) -- what if ... they do not want they leader back at all ? you say yourself , we do not even have he . maybe what they really want -- be that we herd we child into stadium . put soldier into we street . radicalize people who want to think of themselves as Americans . Bend the law , shred the constitution . ( search for the kind of word that come so hard to he : ) because if we torture he -- and let 's call it what it be ... you ... and I ... then the country man like we have swear to defend . and ble to defend . and die to defend ... be go . ( a deep breath ) and they have win . Gen. devereaux stare hard at hub . and then : devereaux ( to Col. hardwick ) I think we have to soundproof the room before we begin . hub look at Sharon , who look away . devereaux escort he out . the two mps lead hub out of the room . devereaux let 's get this over with . sequence omit from original script . time CUT to : outside the locker room -- hour later Sharon emerge from the shower room . she be shattered . the blood drain from she face . as if carry with she all the sin that be commit in the next room . from inside the shower room the sound of a gunshot . the door open and devereaux emerge , in the torment of a man of honor who be live a lie . elise he know nothing . devereaux turn and walk off down the corridor . sequence omit from original script . CUT to : the lincoln memorial glorious , alabaster stone -- floodlit at night . a symbol of all that be good and free and just . hub drive a rental car , stare out at the monument . in georgetown hub pull up to a lovely townhouse . park on the street , a unmarked car from the secret service . the chief of staff open the door , wear a Dartmouth lacrosse team t-shirt . chief of staff c'mon in , we be still try to get the last one down . in the background , we hear a three - year - old cry . in the live room - later tasteful antique , rag rug and kid ' toy . chief of staff ... the President want this shit over with . there 's only one way to do that . ( look at hub ) let the Sheik go . hub so we do have the Sheik ? chief of staff you think we government operate as a single coherent entity ? devereaux just ... push the agenda . ( carefully ) of course the President be completely unaware of it . hub ( return of serve ) of course . chief of staff now we can not just let he go . America have to stand tall in the world yadda yadda yadda . so what we do be ... ( the punch line ) we let the american justice system do its work . his wife appear , hold a squalling baby , look defeat . wife -- honey ...? chief of staff I will be right up , darling . she grit she tooth and go upstairs . chief of staff you have kid ? they be great . sometimes you just want to ... drug they . hub what do you mean , let the justice system do its work . chief of staff we do not release he . a judge release he . you be a FBI man . that 's what judge be good at , right ? ( off hub 's look ) it 's not like we have go after he in proper prosectorial fashion . kidnape he . holding he in isolation . " fruit of the poison tree " -- remember that one from law school ? oh , we will have a big trial . everybody will get they rock off ... but the fact be -- ( the punch line ) -- the sheik will walk . he look at hub , shake he head . chief of staff ... and this whole episode become nothing more than the news cycle before the next news cycle . he hand hub a accordion file . chief of staff documentary evidence of devereaux 's whole operation . hub why I ? chief of staff because you will know what to do with it . hub look at the file in he hand . consider . hub and what about she ? chief of staff who ? hub you know who . how much be she complicit in all this ? chief of staff ask she . hub look up . Sharon emerge from the hallway . sequence omit from original script . on the street of georgetown -- later that night hub and Sharon sit in silence in hub 's rental car : elise I run a iraqi network for two year . samir recruit they from among the Sheik 's follower . I train they in the North . then we play they back into Baghdad , two , three at a time , hide they in the mosque ... her voice soften just a bit as memory take over . elise it be gonna be beautiful . ( look away ) -- and then there be a policy shift -- she think tell the story would be easy , but there 's a enormous well of untapped feel . she fight it back : elise -- the new doctrine be : Iran will be too powerful if Iraq fall apart . ( she voice tremble ) and it 's not like ... we sell they out . exactly . we just ... stop ... help they . and I be not allow to tell they what be come down . I be order not to tell they . ( fight back tear ) -- and they get slaughter . she turn away . elise you have get to understand -- this people ... believe . paradise . bliss . to we they be just word . but to they ... it 's very beautiful , actually . and when you look at they life , the heartbreak ... and what do we do ? we think , aha , we can take advantage of that . ( lose it ) so I quit . I come home . I just can not ... do it ... anymore . she do not want to reveal herself this way . do not want to be vulnerable . do not want to cling to he . for a moment he put he arm around she , but it 's like hold a beautiful , dangerous predator . hub -- but first , you help they . she sense the hardness in he tone . look up at he , and through tear , put she game face back on . elise what do you mean --? hub they be be slaughter . they need to get out . but they be on the watch list . so you get they visa . you and samir . elise I promise we would take care of they . they be work ... for we . hub do what , exactly ? elise I do not know what you mean . hub you say you train they . tradecraft . subversion . that 's what you say , right ? ( she nod ) only you leave something out , do not you ... do not you , Sharon ? ( she can not bring herself to look at he ) you teach they how to make bomb . the tear be stream down she face now . finally , she nod . hub -- and now they be here , do what you teach them . the streetlight catch Sharon 's face . her eye be haunt . elise and I be go to have to live with the hell of that for the rest of my life . CUT to : the brooklyn bridge -- ( to establish ) -- next morning talk radio ( v.o. ) -- the people of Brooklyn will not be hold hostage ! this afternoon , join community and religious leader in a march to protest the mass arrest -- sequence omit from original script . CUT to : sequence omit from original script . borough hall park -- later that day MARCH organizer ( hand out leaflet ) March on city hall . today . no fear . hub and Frank be stand outside hub 's car , each on opposite side , block any opportunity to suveil what be happen within . Sharon sit inside with samir . she use a scalpel to make the slight incision under samir 's arm . the radio play . samir ahhhhhh ... elise in case you decide to go on walkabout . into the incision she insert a tiny plastic transmitter . elise how do you make contact ? samir he be afghani . ahhhh . he get word to my uncle at the bath-house . you never meet he . elise but you be sure he will show up . samir ( tremble ) Sharon , they be all dead but the last cell and they be crazy with fear . just tell I the message and I will pass it on . elise I need to deliver it in person . believe I , they will want to hear what I have to say . she turn off the radio . outside the car hub and Frank glance inconspicuously around . hub you watch the game ? on a piece of paper he have scribble , " hit hardwick . safe House . 11:00 . " frank ( nod yes , then : ) kannell be really on . hub then write . " bath-house . 12:00 . " frank ( nod again ) think they will make the play-off ? hub look at he . there 's be little time for sentiment . hub how 's you boy ? frank he 's alright . thanks for get he out . Sharon step out of the car . in she hand be a device resembling a portable oscilloscope . a green dot appear . elise that 's samir . hub ( look in at samir ) Green be about right . he slip Sharon the scribble note . as she look at they : elise he 's terrify . then again , so be I . hub you sure he will go through with it ? elise if he do not he know I will give he to devereaux . ( she mouth , " they out there ? " hub nod ) how 's it feel to be on the other end of it ? hub I like watch better . elise this be the endgame , you understand that ? if this go wrong -- hub nothing 's go wrong . elise we be the CIA , something always go wrong . the car door open and samir step out , buttone he shirt . elise I do not suppose there 's any way you would trust I to do this on my own ? ( off he look ) I think not . well , in case it get hairy , remember ... the most commit win . hub watch as she and samir walk away . frank I trust she about as far as I can throw she . hub that far ? sharon and samir -- continuous they hurry through the park . samir be extremely agitate , eye constantly darting from right to leave . samir this be not the way to the bath-house . you say to get a key from my uncle so that we -- elise shhhhhh ... if you would stop whining you would feel the surveillance . in the surveillance van Colonel hardwick , earphone on , overhear they : elise ( v.o. ) wait for the light to turn yellow and then cross against the traffic . on Col. hardwick 's computer , a grid map of Brooklyn . col . hardwick -- North on ditmas Avenue . corporal sound garden 's ready . a triangulated field of microphone on a nearby rooftop , a Army spotter use a parabolic with a gunsight . another mic be in a woman 's shopping bag ; another be in a twenty year - old 's boom box . samir ( v.o. ) ( tremble ) Sharon , please , I beg you . do not make I do this . if they even dream we be be follow they will kill we . the light turn red , they race across a crowded street . through a arab neighborhood where woman in chador carry mesh bag with tonight 's meal . into a clean apartment nothing but a single bed with a dirty white sheet . Sharon enter and turn on the tv ... loud . elise sit. ( take out a pocket - knife ) raise you arm . samir what be you do ? she cut the stitches under he armpit and begin to dig out the transponder . elise they can not even dream we be be follow , be not that what you say ? Sharon very deliberately wipe she bloody hand on the white sheet . on tv , we see the marcher in front of Brooklyn borough hall . speaker " -- that we will not be make afraid to walk free in this great city . I say , march across the bridge and into the stadium . demand the release of -- samir be stare at the tv . samir it be all so ... tragic . elise ( with rise dread ) ... they be go to hit the march . samir arab and Jew , side by side . Black and White , Christian and Muslim -- in the surveillance van they appear as spectral image on hardwick 's microwave screen . samir ( v.o. ) -- so american . can you imagine a better target ? col . hardwick ( into he handset ) get I devereaux . CUT to : borough hall the crowd be get fire up as the speaker exhort they . soldier watch uneasily , not certain how to respond as the crowd begin to chant , " no fear ! no fear ! " sequence omit from original script . the apartment Sharon go to a closet and take out some old clothes . she turn off the tv . then : elise here . put this on . we do not want we friend sweat too much while they wait . in the van hardwick speak into a handset . col . hardwick they be get ready to move . unit 1 and 2 , on my signal -- suddenly -- three unmarked FBI car seem to materialize out of nowhere -- box they in . in the van col . hardwick what the -- on the STREET undercover federal agent roust Army cid agent . a FBI agent with a deep drawl , spread - eagle one against a building : southern FBI agent hi , there , I be new in town . can you direct I to Carnegie Hall , or should I just go fuck myself -- the nypd under the command of Danny Sussman -- roll up the rest of the sound garden -- examine the parabolic microphone . agent wielding shotguns blow off the rear door of the surveillance van . Frank enter and look around at all the high - tech , microwave technology . frank ah , microwave . two women in chador , face veile , descend a back staircase . only as they face emerge from the shadow and be catch by a dim bulb do we recognize Sharon and samir . Sharon unlock a metal door to reveal the hidden courtyard of a neighbor building . she and samir hurry through a back alley and out into a adjacent street . borough hall ( be shot as 194 ) where several apc 's suddenly roar up and block off the square . devereaux stand nearby , watch as : lieutenant # 2 ( though a bullhorn ) this be a unlawful gather . you must disperse . I repeat -- Soldiers in full riot gear emerge to form a battle line : image of selma , 1963 ; Chicago , 1968 ; Los Angeles , 1993 . protest speaker join together ! join hand ! the marcher link arm arab cleric and hassidic rabbis , Black civic leader and Hispanic gang member -- all continue to chant , " no fear ! " the young soldier nervously look at one another as the marcher begin to move . lieutenant # 2 ( through a bullhorn ) this soldier carry live ammunition . this be you final warning . " no fear ... no fear ... " devereaux watch in dread as the marcher close the gap on the battle - line of anxious soldier be this why he become a soldier ? a young girl unselfconsciously approach a young soldier . look into he eye . smile . and walk past . another marcher walk right past a soldier , who do nothing to stop she . soon , they be all surging past the riot-line . devereaux watch , as something be reveal to he , something about America that , until this moment , he have forget . in the surveillance van Frank be fiddling with the new technology like a kid at Christmas . but something be wrong . where once there be two ghostly image of samir and Sharon in the apartment -- now there be nothing . on hub' oscilloscope the radio - signal of samir 's transmitter still register as a unmove , steadily blink light . hub be watch the building . Frank step out the van , he face pale . frank we have get a problem . hub and frank pound up the stair of the building . the door to the clean apartment burst open . hub come in low and fast . Frank come in hard on he heel . in the center of the otherwise empty room , the white sheet , smear in blood , be drape over a chair . frank what the -- hub stare in dread fascination . hub it 's a shroud . and he 's out the door in a heartbeat . sequence omit from original script . back in the surveillance van Frank and hub listen to a playback of Sharon 's conversation with samir on the digital recorder . elise " ... sweat too much while they wait . " Frank look up at hub . hub first she turn off the tv , then she say it . frank she know we be listen . it hit they both at the same time . hub the hammam . sequence omit from original script . ext . the surveillance van hub and Frank hit the street at a dead run . beneath the brooklyn bridge samir open a padlock door with a key . he and Sharon disappear within . a hammam a arab bath-house . Ray of sunlight play off the steaming water . they footstep echo off the tile mosaic wall . sequence omit from original script . in the bathouse samir kneel to touch the steaming water . elise how soon be they come ? samir they will be here . he start take off he clothes . elise what be you do --? he finish disrob . naked he step into the bath . with a sponge he wash he body . samir what message do you have for they , Sharon ? elise I will tell they when they be here . the distant SOUND of the approach MARCH echoe off the tile wall as samir step out of the purify water and take a towel from a hamper . elise nobody else be come , be there ? samir that 's right . from the hamper he take a sig -sauer .9 automatic . elise you be the last cell . samir there will never be a last cell . ( rack the slide of the . 9 ) you should listen to the young man in that stadium . it be just beginning . Sharon watch , in dread fascination , as he take a white egyptian - cotton funeral shroud and drop it over he head . the marcher be stream down the street . hub and Frank desperately fight they way through a wild , almost " carnival " feel . back to -- the bath reflected in the purify water , samir be put civilian clothes on over the shroud -- still hold the .9 on Sharon . elise how could I have miss the play -- samir ( a forgive gesture ) it be the money . you believe money be power . belief be power . elise -- just tell I we do not finance you operation ... samir ( a sad smile ) the world be a wheel . so ... what message do you have for I , Sharon ? elise they be go to release he . samir praise God . when will he be free --? elise a few month at most . first , they have to bring he to trial , but -- he turn away from she , open the hamper . samir ( not look at she ) -- no. elise -- but ... that 's what you want , be not it ? why you have do all this -- belt of semtex explosive come next . velcro strap fasten the belt around he chest . samir no . it 's not . he come to stand beside she . samir I want you to bleed ... as we have ble . elise samir , the Koran preach -- samir do not speak to I of the Koran , woman . ( fight he emotion ) you take we leader . a holy man . you put he in prison for preaching the word of God . you must learn the consequence of try to tell the world how to live . elise ( with rise terror ) but it 's over , you point 's be make , why spill any more blood ? that poor people out there in the street , they be fuck march for you cause ... samir yes . ( fasten the last strap on he semtex harness ) and they , too , will become its martyr . a voice from the top of the stair : hub ( v.o. ) let she go and you will live . samir look up , see hub aim he .45 . but Sharon be between they , block he shot . from outside , we hear the sound of the marcher ' chanting , " no fear ...! no fear ...! " samir hear it , too . samir move away from the door . elise no --!!! hub let she go and you will live -- elise don 't --!!!! samir ( scream , panicked ) get away from the door --!!! hub samir --! samir you want to die --!! they be all scream at once . still samir keep inching toward the stair . hub block the way . hub no way you be go out there . samir jam the gun into Sharon 's rib . samir move away --! Sharon 's eye meet hub ' . elise shoot . hub shut up . elise shoot . hub shut up ... samir be edging ever closer . start up the stair . Sharon 's eye plead with hub , begging for a kind of unholy redemption . elise shoot I --!!! hub I ... can 't --! elise you have to . ( weep now ) you ... promise ... hub 's finger tighten on the trigger . but then slowly , almost imperceptibly at first , he lower he gun . elise ( sobbing ) no --!!! samir it be God 's will . his leave hand move imperceptibly toward the ripcord of the explosive device . hub if there be a God , he weep at the crime we commit in he name . he first shot rip through Sharon into samir , blow they both backwards . he second shot be to samir 's hand as it reach for the ripcord . the third shot be a kill headshot . Rolling he into the bath . cloud of blood bloom in the cleanse water . the funeral shroud billow . the echo of the shot still ring in the tile room as hub kneel beside Sharon . hub ( on radio ) Officer down . officer down --! elise be ... he ... dead ? hub ... shhhhhhh ... elise ( whisper ) ...no ... regret ... hub cradle she head . hub you ... know . elise ( the saddest smile ) I ... wonder . frank haddad appear at the top of the step . behind he , two paramedics race down to kneel beside Sharon . hub be push aside as they begin triage -- but it do not look good as suddenly , she begin to convulse . hub Sharon ... sharon -- elise ... Emma ... my name ... be Emma . and then she begin to mumble , at first incoherently , and then more clearly . we realize she 's speak Arabic . hub -- what be you ? I do not ... and then Frank be stand above they . tear in he eye . frank ( translate ) " I ... seek refuge ... king of king ... " and hub suddenly understand : she be prepare for she own death . he hold she as she continue to pray in and out of she two native tongue . until , at last : sharon / emma ( whisper ) Allah ahkbar . God be great -- frank Allah ahkbar -- hub amen . and she 's go . outside in the street -- moment later a block away , we can see the marcher pass by . the chant of " no fear ... " fade into the distance . but hub have already turn he back and be hurry away . CUT to : ext . courthouse square -- moment later hub hurry toward the courthouse . moment later - in the courthouse judge frankel open the door . he be take aback by the blood on hub 's clothes . hub I want to talk about a free society . back to : the stadium command post where devereaux be watch coverage of the march . tv SOUND bite ( v.o. ) -- " a very move moment in which the people of a city step forward to declare they courage and solidarity -- he look up to see hub . he 's carry the accordion file that the Chief of staff give he . devereaux agent Hubbard , do you want to tell I exactly what you mean detain Colonel hardwick and six of my cid staff . because that strike I as a very peculiar idea of interagency liaison . hub the last cell have be take down . it be samir . I take he out . devereaux what make you so sure he be the last cell ? hub Sharon . devereaux Sharon be not trustworthy . hub Sharon be dead . she give she life . ( take a piece of paper from he pocket ) this be a writ from the US District Court release all that be hold here without habeus corpus . devereaux my authority supersede the civilian judiciary under the decree of martial law . ( a rueful smile ) sorry . hub you authority end now . it 's all over . devereaux what 's over . hub ( look at he ) they be go to release he . devereaux release he ? hub the sheik. ( hold up the Chief of staff 's ' file ) clear violation of international law , congressional oversight statute , a couple of treaty , the Federal perjury statute , and my favorite , the Logan Act , for conduct you own personal foreign policy . ( simply ) I know the whole story , General . devereaux you do not know shit . poor suffer Sharon and she poor suffer people . it 's call " go native " -- the most elementary error of a intelligence operative and she make it . she have all of you work for she and she be work for they without even know it . and now they be get exactly what they want , which be the Sheik will be back in the mix . but ten time as strong , because now he 's the big man who stand up to the Americans . ( look at hub ) I do what be necessary . I make no apology . if you think you be go to be able to use that file against I , you know even less about politics than I imagine . hub General . I be not in politics . you can have this back . I will not use it . hub hand he the file . devereaux take it . devereaux because you do not have the ball . ( off hub 's look ) do you expect I to get all weepy with gratitude ? you serve you country . ( dismissively ) be there anything else ? hub would love to just ... clock he . instead : hub I say I be not in politics . I be not . I be in law enforcement . he take he gun from its shoulder holster . hub William devereaux , you be under arrest for the torture and murder of tariq husseini under color of authority , United States code title 42 , chapter 21 , subchapter 1 , section 1983 . ( take out he gun ) surrender you weapon . behind they , a commotion as Frank and several agent force they way into the room , follow by reporter , who shout question as strobe and videotape record the arrest . outside the stadium a nypd car -- devereaux within , pull away , light flash . hundred of young arab boy emerge from tunnel and into the wait arm of they mother , the tearful smile of they wife and child . hub and Frank stand there , watch the reunion . frank ( after a moment ) do we win or do we lose --? hub have no answer . no one have the answer . fade out : the end