the spy who dumped I first draft August 2016 ext . eastern europe - outdoor market - dawn a man -- rugge , square chin , have not sleep or shaven in day . this be drew thayer ( 30 ) . he wear a thick coat , try not to stand out . he 's not from around here . '' here '' be a bleak , local - only market surround by crumble Soviet - era building . anemic vegetable . dried meat . Fish . handmade woolen . this place be not in a Lonely Planet guide . vilnius , lithuania Drew should not be out in public but he need to eat . he glance around furtively as he busy a roll from a baker . drew ( lithuanian ) thank you . he see something in he periphery -- he gear turn -- know he will have to run . or fight . probably both . he cross to -- a table of sad Chernobyl -look shit manned by a skinny little girl -- bootleg snoopy alarm clock , filthy handmade doll -- one man 's trash ... Drew pick up a hand mirror . little girl ( break English ) Three Euro . Drew ignore she , use the mirror to look behind he -- at a flower stand there 's a thug . shave head . flat nose from repeat break . the kind of man who have never buy you flower . little girl ( cont 'd ) ( break English ) two ? I give you for two . Drew put the mirror down and walk away . little girl ( cont 'd ) one-fifty ... ? ext . woolen stand - continuous colorful clothes sway as Drew slip behind they . the thug appear ... look around ... then suddenly -- a stripe scarf ensnare he neck . tighten , tighten -- thug gasp for air . Drew 's behind he -- he 's do this before -- thug kick , knock over a table of mitten -- the aging vendor scream . then it 's over . thug go limp . Drew hold he by the waist with one hand , swiftly reach the other to he belt . pull out thug 's handgun and let the dead body fall into a puddle . vendor ( lithuanian ) savage ! you pay for this mess ! as Drew drop a stack of euros onto she table ... another guy jump out . probably he brother . bigger -- if that 's possible . Drew fire -- but he target 's ready for it and dive behind a butcher 's stand . Drew fire again ... most of the bullet hit salami . but he last bullet hit the guy 's chest . he fall . Drew calmly move in to finish the job . click . gun 's empty . fuck . as the guy gasp for life , go for he own gun -- Drew yank down a salami , smack the guy 's hand with it -- a makeshift bat -- then leap onto he chest . with one hand , Drew hold the guy 's nose -- with the other , shove the jag , break salami down the guy throat . bad way to die . but at least there 's no one come after he now . wait . spoke too soon . from around the corner , a man with a horrible 1994 haircut come at Drew -- gun blasting . Drew duck . he weave . Drew dive around the corner , disappear . the gunfire keep come ... int . barcade - los angele - night the gunfire now come from duck hunt -- the old nintendo game . we be in a retro arcade - theme bar and the shooter of the orange plastic handgun be audrey . she turn 27 today . she decimate duck after duck , insanely good at this game . unlike every female character in every other movie , audrey know exactly how beautiful she be . like a 7 . maybe a 8 if she be not wear she tacky Hawaiian trader joe 's uniform . los angele , california morgan ( 27 ) , she best friend , walk over with two beer . morgan you can not stand over here all night . Morgan 's parent always tell she she could be anything , include a rocket scientist or a supermodel , if she want . Morgan totally busy that . girl have zero insecurity . audrey why ? I be have a good time . morgan because it 's you birthday party . behind audrey : some friend , a half - eat supermarket cake . audrey right . and for my birthday , I want to stand in the corner and not talk to anyone who be not catch up on my life . everyone 's gonna ask I what I be up to cause that 's what you do , and I ’1ll have to tell everyone that I be not up to anything . morgan audrey ... audrey look at I . I be twenty - seven year old and I work at Trader Joe 's . I wear a Hawaiian shirt to work and I be neither Hawaiian nor Jimmy buffett . like , three year ago what I be do be consider '' find myself . '' now I be suddenly at the age where people feel bad for I for do the exact same thing . morgan who feel bad for you ? i’1l kill they . audrey my parent call today . they spend five second say happy birthday , and the next forty - five minute brag about how my brother Adam be about to cure cystic fibrosis . morgan fuck cystic fibrosis . audrey actually , it 's a really serious disease . Adam have a huge heart . ( sighing ) and everyone 's gonna ask about Drew . morgan fuck Drew . that guy be a dick . audrey you be just say that to make I feel better . you never say that when we be together . morgan well yeah . you can not say shit about you friend 's current boyfriend . but dude , he dumped you in a text . objectively , he suuuck . audrey or he just be not in love with I . morgan audrey , you control the narrative here . it 's all about spin . look at I . be I successful ? not in the conventional sense of be like , employ . but ask I what I be do with my life . audrey what ? morgan say , hey Morgan , what have you be up to lately ? audrey ( flat ) hey Morgan . what have you be up to lately ? morgan get in touch with my gift . Voice lesson . stage combat . so no matter what role come along in theater , film , or life 's journey itself , I be ready . it 's a beautiful thing as a woman to empower yourself like that , you know ? audrey okay that be amazing . morgan hey , do I have you e-mail ? my one woman show be really come together . tess ( 27 ) walk in . she 's anorexic , personality - free and a huge cunt . ( we be take back that word , sorry ! ) audrey shit . it 's tess . do not make I talk to tess . she 's gonna do that thing she always do , where she give I a bullshit compliment then pivot it into something super insulting . morgan audrey . spin . you get this . here ... she hand audrey a tube of lipstick . morgan ( cont 'd ) put this on . tell the world you be try . ideally , you have change out of you work clothes too but ... Morgan walk away . tess be now next to audrey . tess hey lady ! oh my God , that earring be so cute ! be that shell ? audrey yeah ... tess where 's you adorable boyfriend ? you guy be such a surprising couple ! audrey just ... can not . she take the plastic gun from the game , put it to she own temple . pull the trigger and dramatically fake die . tess have no idea how to react . ext . vilnius alley - day Drew run down stair down to a rusty basement door . it 's lock . Drew turn , sprint back to a overflow dumpster . he grab a bust hair dryer . this 's 1ll do . he bashes it on the ground till the innard be expose . yank out a HEATING coil . back at the door -- Drew pick the lock with the coil . he 's fast . walk in like he own the place . int . basement of lithuanian brothel - day a tall latex-clad dominatrix click a remote control . across the room : a man suspend from a harness wear only underwear , tattoo and piercing -- he nipple hook up to electrode . he scream in pain / gratification . nonpluss , Drew brushes past -- grab a whip , chain , and a spike collar for later use . he shove they into he jacket . int . lithuanian brothel - day upstair , women in lingerie work the early - morning shift . you could catch herpes just by look at they . Drew emerge and the ancient madam approach , cigarette dangle . Drew hand she a wad of cash . he 's do this before . madam ( lithuanian ) which one ? Drew point to a young , thin , spooked girl . she nod . Drew take the spook girl 's hand and she lead he upstairs . int . brothel - upstair room - moment later Drew close the door behind they . the girl start to take off she clothes , speak in Broken English . drew no. keep they on . Drew pull the spike collar out of he jacket . the girl be terrify . but Drew cross to the window , open it . girl what you into ? drew ( lithuanian ) I be into you never see I . with that , Drew hand she more money than she 's ever see in she life ( $ 25 usd ) . then turn the collar upside down and loop it over the power line out the window . he jump out . ext . brothel - continuous Drew Zipline out of the brothel , over rooftop , and finally jump off on a landing outside the open window of a -- int . ramshackle house - continuous two bore teenager watch the mindy project dub in lithuanian . they barely look up as Drew run past they -- int . ramshackle house - kitchen the matriarch ladle borscht from a pot . see Drew , she scream and drop it , pepto bismol pink everywhere . siren wail in the distance . drew ( lithuanian ) key . ext . vilnius road - minute later Drew whizze down a cobblestone STREET on a moped . two cop car round the corner , in hot pursuit . int . barcade - los angele - night Morgan sit at the bar , flirt with eurotrash viktor -- shave head , ukrainian football tracksuit . morgan such a coincidence . I just audition to be a ukrainian farm girl in a geico spot . wait , so be it " Ukraine " or '' the Ukraine ? " viktor you say how you like . always let beautiful woman decide . Morgan swoon ... then notice audrey , head press mournfully against the jukebox . drain she scotch . she put it on top of the juke next to two other empties . Morgan grimace . morgan hey , viktor ? hold that think . Morgan cross to audrey . audrey why do I have my birthday here ? this be where I meet Drew . morgan enough . after tonight , I never want to hear the name '' Drew '' again . even if you , like , '' draw '' I a picture , you say '' I paint you something with pencil . '' you have to move on . audrey I know . it 's just kinda hard to do that when he leave that box of shit in we apartment that I have to see every day . he will not even text I back about pick it up . morgan let I see you phone for a sec . audrey hand she cell over . Morgan find the breakup text . '' hey there -- it 's over . sorry . '' Morgan then scroll through a series of unanswered replies from audrey : why / what be you ... / call I / wif ? / how can you ... then she start a new text message . audrey who be you texting ? morgan Drew . '' fuck you , you worthless pussy -- I be set you shit on fire . '' audrey why be you say that ? morgan because we be gonna go set he fuck shit on fire . I love set thing on fire . ext . vilnius slum - day Drew speed through the decrepit , graffity street , ona mission . he park behind a burnt out apartment complex . he look at he cell -- grimace . then round the corner and see something worse -- Three giant thug wait for he . Drew take the long way around the building , stealthily pull the whip and chain from he jacket . he round the corner -- now behind the man -- and just start swinging . in second , all three man be bloody mess . two knock out , the other moan in pain . Drew step over they . int . audrey and morgan 's FIRE escape - los angele - night typical L.A. stucco fourplex . audrey and Morgan stand drunkenly on the fire escape over a banker BOX of Drew 's stuff . Morgan hold a bottle of lighter fluid . audrey gingerly pick up a pair of boxer brief . audrey really Drew ? skid mark on you underwear ? be you eight ? be I suppose to wash this for you ? be that why you dumped I ? I do not mother you enough ? morgan fuck you and wipe you own ass ! next , audrey pick up a small plastic trophy shape like a victorious football player . the plaque read : second place . audrey you fantasy football trophy for second place ? and you save it ? morgan it 's not even real football . it 's a fuck fantasy . audrey and I be a real fuck person . so if you think you be gonna get some supermodel who also have nothing better to do with she time than blow you while you watch the game ... uh , fuck you . Morgan pull out a straight to dvd spy action movie . morgan um , speak of fantasy , say goodbye to you straight-to-dvd shitty action movie star Ryan phillipe and mischa Barton ! audrey that you force I to watch with you . I will never get that 82 minute back . there 's like one review on the cover . Three and a half star from jeffreylovesmovies.com ?! morgan and you get it use at Chevron ? really Drew ? you walk into a gas station and you be like , yes ! one copy of '' marked target '' please . here 's $ 3.99 . Morgan pour lighter fluid all over the box and its content . she hand audrey a matchbox . morgan ( cont 'd ) you do the honors , birthday girl . audrey take the match . we be close on the match lighting ... and then ... buzz . her cell , in she pocket . audrey shake out the match and pull out she phone ... audrey it 's ... Drew . drew ( v.0 . ) hey . int . drew 's shitty vilnius apartment - intercut not a place you have want to spend the night in . peel wall , roach , bare light bulb . Drew pace , earpiece in , check the surveillance screen by he bed . audrey really ? that 's it ? '' hey ? '' drew audrey , I be so sorry . I fuck up . morgan tell he to go fuck himself . drew I will come by you place tomorrow . I can explain everything ... and I 'il get the stuff I leave there . audrey ( annoyed ) so that 's why you call ? just to get you shit back ? awesome . 10 . she await a response . but Drew 's busy punching the drywall by he night stand . in the hole : a secret stash of money , passport and gun . Drew stuff it in he pocket . audrey ( cont 'd ) it 's my birthday , by the way . Drew hear a gun cock . someone 's behind he . on audrey : the line go dead . on drew -- spin around -- knock the gun from he attacker , a older thug . they know each other . no weapon now . they punch and kick , equally match . older thug fight I all you want but you have more problem come . you know what they want . drew they be not get it . older thug they 's 11 get it when you be dead . drew I can handle dead . can you ? Drew pin the old thug to the floor with one hand . crack he neck with the other . Drew shake off the body and move to -- the kitchenette Drew pull a bag of microwave popcorn from a almost - bare cupboard . then , from the hole in the wall , delicately -- a brick of C - 4 Drew affix it to the bag of newman 's own ( in cyrillic ) , toss it in the microwave , press the popcorn setting . the popcorn start popping ... ext . street of vilnius - moment later Drew walk away from he building as he apartment explode . in the flame , we title : the spy who dumped I int . barcade - night ( flashback ) a year ago . audrey , happier , before she heartbreak . she 's at the jukebox , flipping . she 's lightly bump on the back . drew ( 0.s. ) sorry . 11 . audrey turn , notice drew behind she . back then he be clean - shaven , like any guy you have see in a Silver Lake bar . audrey that 's okay . audrey 's wear a '' happy birthday '' party store tiara . drew oh. hey . happy birthday . audrey what ? ( off tiara , deadpan ) oh , this ? it 's not my birthday . I just wear this for warmth . drew well , if it be you birthday , I would say happy birthday . audrey and I would say thank you . a moment . they be clearly feel a vibe . audrey ( cont ’d ) hey , can I get you help with something really really important ? drew I do consider myself a problem - solver . audrey I have one quarter leave . you mission , should you choose to accept it , be to find the absolute worst song on this jukebox . Drew smile , join she . int . trader joe be - day ( present ) audrey snap out of the memory , hand a customer a receipt . she 's at she shitty cashier job at Trader Joe 's . audrey thank you . have a great day . audrey notice she reflection in a mirror by the register . she look hang over . remember Morgan 's word , she pull out the lipstick and apply it . almost immediately -- sebastian henshaw ( 30 ) -- shirt , tie , charming , british -- step to she register . with no groceries . audrey 's confuse . 12 . audrey ( cont 'd ) can I help you ? sebastian yes ... one gum please . he hastily grab the nearest pack of gum and hand she a dollar . as audrey ring he up . audrey have a nice day . sebastian ... sebastian . be not you go to ask I if I need help to my car ? audrey smile . he 's flirt with she . well , look at that . ext . trader joe' parking lot - moment later audrey follow sebastian to a far corner of the parking lot . audrey so , where be you from ? sebastian England . audrey that 's what I think . but sometimes when I think that , people end up be Australian . sebastian ( amused ) people do sometimes end up be Australian . audrey shut up . ( then , flustered ) sorry , I do not really mean shut up . it 's a figure of speech . I dunno if you do that in England ... sebastian figure of speech ? we invent that . audrey some would say I be not exercise good judgment , follow a strange man through a parking lot . I mean , this be how people get shove into the back of sketchy van , right ? 13 . sebastian ( dead serious ) get in the van . audrey what ? reveal sebastian 's stop in front of a black van with tinted window . the door open from the inside . sebastian flash a badge . sebastian Federal agent . int . van - day the van move . sebastian face audrey . next to he be topher patel ( 30 ) -- a smarmy jerk . audrey be beyond freak out . audrey what 's go on ? be I in trouble ? I do not do anything wrong . sebastian there 's nothing to be afraid of , Ms. stockman . audrey say the guy who just kidnap I . and know my name . oh my God what the fuck be happen ... ? patel we just want to talk . about Drew thayer . he 's you boyfriend , right ? audrey ( surprised ) no . I mean he be . but we break up . why ? be he in trouble or something ? patel yes . Drew be in a lot of trouble . sebastian do you know where you ex- boyfriend work , Ms. stockman ? audrey yeah . NPR . he have this podcast about ... um , honestly , I be not positive . the episode I listen to be about little - know composer of the 18th century ... well , I listen to most of it . 14 . patel nobody listen to that podcast . not even I and I go to Harvard . sebastian wow . only take you two minute . ( flat ) Patel go to Harvard . patel that podcast be Drew 's cover job . audrey he never say anything about have another job . patel that 's what '' cover '' mean , hon . audrey okay I know . I be not stupid . I be just ... processing . this be a lot . what be it a cover for ? sebastian Drew be a CIA agent . audrey wait , what ?! sebastian then he steal thing he should not have and kill people he should not have . now he 's on the run . patel and if we do not find he , a lot of innocent people be go to die . do you want that to happen ? audrey no! Jesus . no. look , I be with you that Drew 's a asshole . I just can not believe he 's ... a killer . sebastian pull out a folder of photo . grainy surveillance picture of Drew -- with gun , make a drop , stabbing a man in the neck . audrey get more anxious as she flip through . audrey ( cont 'd ) oh my god. oh my GOD . she stop at a photo of herself with drew , in vega . audrey ( cont 'd ) you guy be in Vegas when we see celine dion ? ( more ) 15 . audrey ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) ironically . he hand she another photo . two dead body by a crap table . patel have Drew be in touch since you break up ? on audrey - should she tell they ? audrey no ... well , yes . he call I last night . I mean , he call I back . finally . I have call he like a thousand time . ( self-conscious ) after he disappear . I call he a normal amount when we be together . I be normal . int . audrey 's apartment - day a ikea-filled two -bedroom . audrey rush in , still in she uniform ( she 'il continue to be until we say otherwise . ) audrey Morgan ! Morgan ! Morgan emerge from the kitchen in she bra and underwear , mid - phone call . peel and eat string cheese . morgan ... yeah , Mom . audrey just get home . audrey I have to talk to you . morgan dude , I have to talk to you . I sleep with viktor . audrey who ? morgan from you birthday party . behind she , viktor emerge in nothing but red lycra brief . he kiss Morgan intensely , then grab a sleeve of cracker . viktor I will hit shower , yes ? he head into the bathroom . the shower run . 16 . morgan ( into phone ) what ? sorry , Mom , I be kind of ina sex haze ... ( beat ) hmm . I do not know , I x11 ask she . audrey , have you ever be with a uncircumcise guy ? audrey Morgan ! morgan audrey think I tell you guy too much ... I know ! I think it 's healthy too . but yeah , I know most european guy be uncircumcise . like when I first see it I be like , ew this look like a unbake crescent roll . but then it 's like when it 's in there , the whole thing expands and it feel like -- I know this do not sound like it would feel good -- but it 's like you inside be cover in scotch tape . wait , duh , you already know this , Mom . you do a year abroad . audrey morgan hang up the fucking phone ! morgan I 'il call you back . ( hang up ) Jesus . what ? audrey this guy from the CIA come to Trader Joe 's today . to talk about Drew . they say ... he 's a spy . Morgan crack up , assume she 's kid . audrey ( cont 'd ) I be serious . they show I picture of he with like , weapon and dead body . people he kill . morgan wait . what ?! audrey I know it sound fuck batshit . but think about it . there be just so many unanswer question with that guy ... 17 . morgan yeah there be . like if he really go to Vassar , why do he pronounce it liberry ? ( then ) oh my fuck God ! audrey thank you ! that be the appropriate reaction ! morgan no. behind you ! audrey turn . drew be on the fire escape , wrest the window open . he smile . ugh . it 's a charming fuck smile . drew hey. audrey ( reeling ) hi ... drew so you have my stuff ? audrey yeah ... then audrey snap out of it , remember how angry she 's be . audrey ( cont 'd ) wait , that 's all you have to say ? what happen to you explain everything ? drew I will , just right now I be ina rush . where 's the stuff ? you room ? he just head for she room . audrey follow , piss off . audrey stop . you can not just go in there . int . audrey 's bedroom - continuous audrey walk in to find Drew grab the BOX on the floor . she shut the door behind he . they share a silent look . audrey hey. asshole . we be not together . there be like , rule . 18 . drew ( be : the box ) this smell like lighter fluid . audrey yeah . I be not kid when I say I be gonna burn you shit . but Drew just keep move , back to ... int . audrey and morgan' live room - continuous audrey follow Drew as he head back to the window . this be all happen so fast . but it 's she last chance to say it ... audrey I know you be a spy . this finally stop Drew . his face drop . he turn around . audrey ( cont 'd ) people from the CIA come to my work . they make I get in a van and show I picture of people you kill . drew what do you tell they ? audrey you be not gonna give I a bullshit excuse about how this be a joke you coworker be play on you ? and that picture be photoshop ? drew audrey ... audrey it be fuck scary , Drew . Drew be panicked . check window , behind door , open the closet . then , he pull a handgun out of he jacket . audrey ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! fuck . drew audrey . listen to I . I need to know exactly what you tell they . audrey ( confuse ) what 's on you head ? drew what ? 19 . audrey you have a red dot on you head . sure enough , there 's a laser sight right between Drew 's eye . gunshot -- bang -- shatter window . Drew spring to action , shove audrey behind the couch -- pull they both down and hold she close . it 's weirdly intimate . audrey ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be go on ? then she see the blood . Drew 's be shot twice in the chest . but he 's alive . audrey gasp -- int . morgan 's bedroom - same Morgan be still on the phone again as she get dress . morgan what the fuck be that ?! ( then ) dad , I have to call you back . int . audrey and morgan 's live room - same behind the sofa . gunfire do not let up . Drew speak , urgent . drew audrey ... bad people be after I -- audrey the CIA guy ? drew there 's more than just the CIA chase I . and now they be after you too . fuck . this be exactly what I do not want -- you in danger . that 's why I break up with you . before audrey can respond , Drew reach into the box and pull out he fantasy football trophy . drew ( cont 'd ) but we be in this together now . and a lot of innocent people be gonna die if we do not bring this where it need to go . so listen . we be gonna leave this apartment , we be gonna fly to Vienna , and give this to someone name verne at the Hotel sacher Cafe at 6 pm tomorrow ... audrey why be you tell I this if we be go together ? 20 . drew in case I do not make it out of here alive . verne. 6 pm. Hotel sacher Cafe . then you will be safe . and so will everyone else . get it ? audrey Drew , you be not gonna die -- drew listen . do not trust anybody . the bathroom door open and viktor appear in the doorway . totally naked . close on : he weird uncircumcised dick . audrey / drew eughhhhhh ! viktor pull out a gun , shoot Drew in the heart point blank . audrey 's next ... then . Morgan run out of she room like a banshee . plows into viktor full force , shove he into -- the kitchen before he can catch he balance , she push viktor out the open window . he scream as he fall to he death . audrey and Morgan be in total shock . Drew be dead ! the shoot 's stop -- but only because they now hear a battalion of footstep run up the stair . audrey we have to get the fuck out of here ! morgan oh my God , Drew ! audrey we have to go . now ! as they bolt for the FIRE escape , audrey yank the football trophy out of Drew 's dead hand . she spot a wad of foreign bill in he jacket . stuff they in she pocket . overwhelm , audrey give Drew one last look . be there something she could have do ? but it 's too late now . angle on the door as a swarm of special force personnel burst in , lead by sebastian and patel . but the girl be go . 21 . i/e . audrey 's honda civic - day audrey , shaking , fight tear , drive as fast as she can -- not terribly fast . a conservative driver . Morgan 's shotgun . morgan where be we go ?! audrey I do not know . give I a minute . okay . where would we be safe ? morgan pull into this parking lot . there 's a bathroom in pilates plus . audrey we be not hide in fuck pilates plus ! where 's the police station ? I think I vote there ... morgan we can not go to the police . I just kill someone . and I have a ton of unpaid speed ticket . and ... Black live matter . audrey you kill someone in self - defense . that do not count . morgan just call that CIA agent . audrey Drew say we can not trust anyone . and he 's right . he 's dead . probably because I talk to they . morgan or because I bring a assassin into we apartment . audrey okay so it 's both we fault . audrey slow as she approach a stop sign . morgan go ! why be you stop at stop sign ? people be after we . audrey nervously speed through the stop sign . then she phone ring on the bluetooth . blocked number . she inhale , pick it up . it play through the car speaker . 22 . sebastian ( v.o. ) audrey ? it 's sebastian . audrey you kill Drew . I tell you where he be gonna be and you kill he . morgan who be this asshole ? sebastian ( v.o. ) be you in the car ? ( no response ) what do Drew say to you ? audrey why would I tell you anything after everything you have do ? sebastian ( v.o. ) audrey . where be you take it ? audrey eye the trophy , on the car 's console . sebastian ( v.o. ) give we the package . trust I . audrey I do not trust anyone anymore . audrey hang up . a moment . morgan you trust I though , right ? audrey of course . not count you . morgan good . Cause this be not like , a fake spy friendship that the Russians put together . audrey dude , shut up . I know . ( grab the trophy ) Drew say a lot of people be gonna die if we do not deliver this . morgan what people ? audrey he do not get that far . but he be like , lie on the floor about to die when he say it . I know he lie about a lot of shit , but like ... ( more ) 23 . audrey ( cont 'd ) if I do not do what he say and a bunch of people die , in a terrorist attack or whatever , I will always wonder if I could have stop it . Morgan think about this . morgan that would fuck suck . ( beat ) what do he say we have to do ? audrey bring this to some cafe in Vienna . morgan Vienna ? as in , Austria , Vienna ? audrey that 's what he say . morgan then ... why do not we do that ? audrey why do not we go to Europe when people be try to kill we ? morgan they be try to kill we here too . audrey but we be just like , regular people . yes , we happen to be in this extreme situation right now but we be not qualified to like ... do some international spy mission . morgan it do not sound like a whole '' mission . '' it 's just do this one thing . versus stay here and get kill . plus , you have never be to Europe . do you really want to die never have go to Europe ? or do you want to go to Europe and die , have be to Europe ? audrey why be that my only two option ? morgan I do not know , cause you date a spy ? audrey you fuck a assassin . 24 . morgan that I do . Morgan open the glove compartment , pull out passport . morgan ( cont 'd ) I be just say . we passport be still in here from we road trip to Mexico . and I have my dad 's credit card for emergency ... audrey ( beat ) be we go to Austria ? morgan I think we be go to Austria . audrey sharp -turn on to the freeway on-ramp . morgan ( cont 'd ) but we should ditch we phone . bad guy can track we with we phone . even if the phone be off . audrey how do you know that ? morgan I go to summer camp with Edward snowden . ( proudly ) first hand job . oh my God that guy be obsessed with I . she grab audrey 's phone and fish hers from she bag . morgan ( cont 'd ) and he be really into ska . audrey weird . morgan right ? when that whole thing be go down , I be like - hello , why be no one talk about how Edward snowden be really into ska ? Morgan throws there phone out the window into the opposite lane . watch in the rearview as car crush they . morgan ( cont 'd ) do you think my candy crush progress will be save ? 25 . audrey yeah , in the cloud . you link you account with Facebook , right ? morgan no . I do not like get all that notification . ( mournful ) fuck . i/e. 405 freeway / audrey 's honda civic - day audrey start to pull off at a exit . morgan why be you get off here ? audrey to park . morgan dude , people be try to kill we . we be not fuck parking in lot C . int . airplane - day mid-flight . audrey and Morgan sit next to each other , eyeing all fellow passenger suspiciously . wonder who might be a threat . a well -dress businessman . a professorial type in a bow -tie . everyone in between . a flight attendant pass . morgan could I get a pinot grigio please ? the Flight attendant nod and leave . audrey you can not drink right now ! morgan I have to . this be so fuck stressful . like , any of this people could be try to kill we . she make eye contact with a little girl across the aisle . the little girl stare back stoically . Morgan 's freak out . audrey Morgan . we need all we faculty . morgan ( be : she screen ) that guy just drank like three martinis . reveal she 's watch a bond movie . audrey 's watch bourne . 26 . audrey he 's be do this a really long time . this be we first time . morgan do you think Drew be a James bond kind of spy ? audrey I do not know . I do not think James bond would like , need to try every breakfast burrito in Los Angeles . morgan yeah . seem more like a bourne thing . audrey be you parent gonna be piss that we use they credit card ? morgan not if I tell they why . that 's we family policy . as long as I tell the truth , they can not get mad . audrey Morgan . you can not tell they the truth about this . morgan ( deeply conflict ) what if I tell they we go to Europe to go to museum ? audrey you just say you be not suppose to lie ! morgan it will not be a lie if we go toa museum . ( off audrey 's look ) as long as we be there ! we drop off the trophy at this cafe , that 's like a hour , top . and then one museum . audrey we will play it by ear . the wine arrive . Morgan gulp it down . audrey shake she head and put on she headphone , focus on she movie . angle on : bourne in a kickass action sequence ... and we ... int . barcade - audrey and drew - flashback audrey and Drew stand close at the jukebox , scrolling . 27 . drew oh god. that Sarah mclachlan song . this be the one in the commercial where the dog be sad , right ? audrey I think the sad dog redeem the song . ugh , what about mambo no . 5 ? drew please . that 's nothing compare to mambos one through four . audrey laugh . they be enjoy each other . audrey oh . oh my God I have it . Close you eye . do not look . Drew close he eye . audrey gleefully put the quarter in . the crash test dummy '' mmm mmm mmm mmm '' play . Drew open he eye . without miss a beat , start sing along in the lead singer 's super - deep bass . drew '' oooooonce there be this kiitid who / get into a accident and could not come to school / but wheeen he finally caaaame back ... '' audrey laugh , totally smitten . i/e. cab - day the gorgeous sight of Vienna flash by as the girl sit ina cab head across town . the driver be a middle - age elegant austrian woman . Morgan and audrey whisper . vienna , austria morgan she have not smile once . do you think she 's a assassin ? audrey no . we just randomly pick this cab . and she 's like , delicate . morgan dude . sexist ! woman of all shape and size can be anything they want to be . they can be assassin ... ( point to themselves ) they can be operative . 28 . audrey I would not say we be '' operative . '' this be just one operation . morgan yeah . but you and I ? we be always operate . Morgan notice something out the window . she gasp in shock . morgan ( cont 'd ) oh my GOD . audrey ( scared ) what ? what ?!?! morgan that building be fuck beautiful . int . HOTEL sacher cafe - day a ornate european restaurant pack with high - end tourist and local . audrey and Morgan sit tensely in a corner table , subtly check everyone out as they eat sachertorte . audrey okay . who do we think verne be ? morgan I do not know . it 's kind of a frumpy name . audrey you think ? we might just be pronounce it frumpy . like , Jules verne be not frumpy . morgan I beg to differ . and wait , will not this guy be look for Drew ? audrey yes . shit . he will . a beat as they scan ... then Morgan suddenly tense up . audrey ( cont 'd ) what ? what do you see ? morgan nothing ... ( sigh ) okay , I know be here right now be really important but this cake be a lot of flour and dairy for I and ... I need to go have diarrhea . ( more ) 29 . morgan ( cont 'd ) it 's just a biological fact . no matter who you be , no matter how high the stake in a give moment , sometimes you have to - audrey oh my God just go . morgan thank you . I will be right back . Morgan rush toward the bathroom . we stay with audrey as a butch waitress approach . waitress anything else ? sebastian ( 0.s. ) Zwei kaffee , bitte . before audrey know what 's happen , sebastian emerge from behind she , take Morgan 's seat . audrey 's about to scream -- sebastian ( cont ’d ) do not scream . I be the person you be here to see . audrey ( confuse ) you be verne ? sebastian it 's a alias . ( then ) Hand it over . audrey hedge . audrey if Drew want I to give this to you , why would not he have do it himself ? sebastian it 's a long story . audrey I be not in a rush . then something touch she leg under the table . a gun . audrey ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! sebastian do not make any noise . just hand it over . I be not gonna hurt you . I be try to protect you . audrey like you protect Drew ? sebastian that be not we . we do not do that . audrey if you be really protect I , you would not be point a gun at I . I may not be in the fuck CIA but I know that . sebastian I be MI - 6 , actually . audrey whatever . int . HOTEL sacher cafe , bathroom - day Morgan wash she hand next to they waitress . she smile politely . then Morgan double-take . the waitress 's name tag -- verne . morgan you be verne ? verne guttentag ! Morgan rush out of the bathroom , back to -- int . HOTEL sacher cafe - moment later Morgan freeze , see sebastian at the table with audrey . she wave -- try to get audrey 's attention . audrey see she but do not react . the gun 's still train on she . at there table -- sebastian continue to explain . sebastian I be only point this at you so you sit still and listen . ina minute , everyone in this cafe be go to start shoot . if you run , you will be kill . and even if you manage to get out alive , you will not be able to go anywhere . ( more ) 31 . sebastian ( cont 'd ) if you scan you passport at a border , there 'il be man with gun a lot bigger than this one who will not say a word before they shoot you in the face . so hand I what I want and no one get hurt . audrey except for Drew . sebastian okay , it 's not productive to keep bring that up . audrey have no choice . she reach into she pocket and grab the trophy . she start to hand it over , when -- Morgan -- see this -- scream . morgan that 's. not . verne ! chaos erupt ! almost everyone in the cafe have a gun , and most of they start shoot . sebastian whip around , shoot back . a dead assassin plummet into a elaborate roast chicken . a dead verne fall on top of audrey , gun in she dead hand . Morgan drop to the ground , hide under a table ... think fast , audrey grab verne 's gun . crouch , scan for Morgan -- just as -- a aryan - looking man with a rifle stalk Morgan , prepare to end she short , wonderful life ... audrey act on instinct , aim with precision -- just like duck hunt -- and blows the guy 's brain out . save she . Morgan look up , shocked , grateful . audrey 's surprised too . she stare at the gun in she hand -- she 's good at this . then a guttural scream from behind they -- sebastian throw scald hot coffee on a attacker , stab a fork in he neck . while he 's distract , audrey and Morgan fuck run for it . ext . vienna STREET - moment later audrey and Morgan sprint down the alley , panic ... audrey I just kill someone ... oh my god Morgan , I just kill someone ... morgan do not think about it ! keep run ! audrey i_kill someone ! 32 . morgan stop yell that ! up ahead , a older rich couple -- dress for a night at the opera -- be climb into they vintage m.g. when -- audrey and morgan run up behind they like crazy people . audrey snatch the man 's keys right out of he hand . man be machst du da fiir scheibe ! audrey push into the car . Morgan get in the passenger side . int . stolen m.g. - same they lock the door . audrey hastily turn the car on . the man and woman scream -- yell for police -- bang on the window . audrey look down -- a gear shift . audrey shit . can you drive a stick ? morgan no ! what ?! do I look like a fifty - five year old man ? ext . vienna alley - same the m.g. roll very slowly down the street in neutral . the older couple easily keep up on foot , bang on the window . the car slowly roll into a newsstand , barely nudging it ... but paper fall , on to the windshield . block they view . morgan audrey fuck . come on . the girl jump out , apologize profusely as they run . audrey / morgan sorry / so sorry ! ext . another vienna STREET - moment later the girl dash around a corner -- audrey get in there ! she gesture to a uber decal on a waiting car . they jump in . i/e. uber - day driving . lukas , pierce and bohemian , at the wheel . 33 . audrey go go go go go ! go! go! luka stare at he phone : a picture of a asian man . lukas Mr. Nguyen ? audrey yes . Mr. Nguyen . just go ! audrey throw a bunch of bill at he . luka shrug and drive . typical uber chatter ensue . lukas so you guy visit ? the girl 's eye dart everywhere -- frantic -- not listen -- morgan ( panic ) can we go another way ? there 's a lot of traffic here -- lukas bottle water ? still ? sparkle ? audrey no ! just drive -- lukas you have enough air back there ? a guy on a motorcycle pull alongside they -- full - head helmet obscure he face . he lift a machine gun . ready to fire ... audrey and Morgan scream . audrey reach over and kick she own leg down on top of luka 's -- speed the car up . audrey here 's the deal , okay ? some guy with gun be try to kill we right now . can you just , lose they ? lukas ( lighting up ) fuck yeah ! luka start drive like a maniac . effectively . he make a sharp turn , lose the assassin . the girl exhale . until : lukas ( cont 'd ) good thing I smoke a little meth before . fear be a illusion ! he turn down a one - way STREET . the wrong way . car honk , pull to the side . luka swerve in and out ... on to nearby train track . he drive down the track at top speed ... 34 . bump wildly ... head into a narrow tunnel . in the dark , the light of a oncoming train appear ... audrey luka ! lukas I see it . no problem . luka speed up . the girl scream at the top of they lung ... the uber pull out of the tunnel and off to the side just in the nick of time -- the train rush by . lukas ( cont 'd ) up here ! luka lift a hand to high - five . before they can return it -- blam ! -- blam !! the back window shatter ! the girl -- duck ! lukas -- be spray with bullet . he die ten time over . morgan lift she head cautiously over the back seat ... five more motorcycle guy be racing through the tunnel , armed -- morgan audrey , get on top of he ! audrey jump on the lap of luka 's decimate corpse . she drive , cautious at first ... then get a adrenaline rush . drive faster and faster . when she get to a crossing , she turn off the track , into traffic -- weaving between car . audrey be a quick fuck study . she make a sharp turn . lose she pursuer . for now . morgan ( cont 'd ) hey ! pull over ! stop the car ! a baroque sign ahead -- stephansplatz . metro station . audrey pull up to the curb . Morgan jump out . audrey climb off luka 's dead body . glance back at he one more time ... audrey morgan ( cont 'd ) ( ruefully ) five star . five star , luka . they sprint toward the Metro . siren in the distance . int . vienna subway station - day audrey and morgan run down the escalator , to the turnstile . morgan jump the turnstile ! audrey stop . there 's a cop patrol nearby . 35 . int . vienna metro station - moment later pounding music from there chase continue as the girl try to work the confusing metro pass dispenser . morgan audrey gah ! Fucking take my Euro ! int . vienna metro station - moment later Music continue as they keep swiping they card to no avail ... they keep get a error message : fehler ! fehler ! finally , they get through . slip into a metro car . int . vienna metro - same audrey and Morgan collapse on to seat , breathless . finally . the train move . they look up -- a very pregnant woman and a elderly man . audrey and Morgan exchange a look and give up they seat . hold the bar as they continue panting . int . CIA paris station - night a industrial underground complex with screen everywhere . CIA station -- paris , FRANCE sebastian -- still in he bloody shirt -- enter the situation room . Patel see he , break from a conversation with wendy ( 5as ) , they permanently - disgruntled boss . patel great job , henshaw ! ( deadpan ) you mission be to have everyone in that cafe die and the girl get away , right ? sebastian ignore patel , turn to Wendy . sebastian extenuate circumstance . wendy they have the package and you do not get it . explain that circumstance . sebastian I be try to protect they . patel why ? let they die . they be idiot . I know a idiot when I see one . 36 . sebastian ( sotto ) in the mirror . patel I be not a idiot , sebastian . I be -- sebastian Harvard . yes . we know . wendy ( stern ) boy . if I want to sit here with two child , I would spend time with my own child . and I do not want to spend time with my own child . now what do we know about this idiot ? patel lean over and type a few key . on the screen -- dmv photo of audrey and morgan . patel audrey stockman . 27 . Works at Trader Joe 's . ( to sebastian ) you be right . can not let anything happen to she . who else would serve the sample of vegan gyoza ? ( to Wendy ) she 's work there since she graduate from oberlin with a B minus average . which be where she meet this genius ... morgan 's picture . patel ( cont 'd ) or shall I say '' this musical theater major who design she own minor . '' wendy in what ? patel she literally minore in '' personality . '' sebastian what 's you point , Patel ? you be okay let two innocent woman die ? patel I think society be okay let this two die . they be loser . and we will catch they the minute they try to cross the border . ( more ) 37 . patel ( cont 'd ) this girl be the stupidest people America have not manage to kill yet . int . wien hauptbahnhof train station - night a uber-modern mall - like International hub . int . the ticket window audrey grab two ticket and hurry through the crowd , keep she head down , lie low ... she arrive int . outside the gift shop just as morgan emerge with a bag . the girl walk quickly . audrey keep move . there be camera everywhere . morgan I get we change of clothes . Morgan pull out two baseball hat with mozart 's face . morgan ( cont 'd ) they really play up that mozart 's from here . really downplay that Hitler 's from here . the girl put on the hat and head for the track . audrey what else do you get ? morgan everything that say wiener on it . she show audrey a jar of vienna sausages and a cake label torte wiener art . then audrey suddenly stop . audrey wait . fuck . we passport . sebastian say we will get stop if we try to use they . morgan okay . so we just have to get new one . let 's find a couple of girl who look like we , tell they what happen and convince they to give we theirs . they can just go to the embassy and say theirs be steal . audrey who would do that for we ? 38 . morgan any girl ! it 's girl code . eat pray Love . audrey they look kinda like we . she point to two kind of nerdy girl who look like they . morgan Babe , what be you talk about ? that girl look nothing like we . that girl look like we . Morgan point to two tall backpacker who look like model . int . train station bench - moment later by the track -- audrey and Morgan be nearly in tear as they explain they predicament to the australian backpacker . audrey ... just think about the only guy you have ever really love die in front of you . and ask you to do this one thing for he . would not you sacrifice anything ? morgan yeah , I mean this be my favorite shirt . it 's h&m but now it 's also b&b. blood and brain . aussie tourist 1 you guy be weird . morgan we be not ... ( mock Australian accent ) weeeeeid . we be serious . you have be save we life . and a lot of other innocent people . you do not want that people to die , right ? audrey please guy . just go to the embassy and get new passport . we will give you some money for you time -- aussie tourist 2 sorry . we have love to help you out , mate , but we do not know you and ... morgan no , I get it . I get it . 39 . the train pull in behind they . Morgan and audrey exchange a look . they both know what they have to do . morgan ( cont 'd ) thanks anyway . it be beautiful meeting you two . audrey have a great time in Poland . they pull the two backpacker in for a hug ... morgan ( yell ) now ! audrey and morgan grab the girl 's fanny pack and dash for the waiting train . before the aussy know what 's happen , the train have leave the station . along with they passport . pre -lap thumping ethereal house music ... int . milan palazzo - night dizzy strobe light -- thumping bass -- a avant garde runway show in a drafty palace ballroom . androgynous man and woman move stiffly down the catwalk in clothes that look like armor . vacant face streak with black and metallic paint . milan , italy we track one model -- 6’3 , deathly pale , beauty that only exist in unpronounceable country . nadejda ( pronounce '' nadia '' but everything , include spelling , be harder where she 's from . ) she complete she walk and head back to -- int . milan palazzo backstage - continuous the bullpen . nadedja ignore the chatter of model and intern as she go to a cubby , remove a expensive leather bag . pull out she buz phone . in a heavy slavic accent : nadedja hello ... yes ... I understand . she cross behind a curtain , pull it shut . int . dressing area - continuous nadedja strip naked , revealing a bony , hairless body . she pull out the component of -- a gun . assemble it expertly . from outside the curtain -- 40 . male intern ( 0.s. ) nadedja ? you be not change , be you ? Carlo want everyone out there . nadedja continue , unperturb by the request . move on to a handgun -- screw in a silencer . the curtain be yanked OPEN , revealing the chubby male intern . male intern ( cont ’d ) carlos say now -- holy shit . his eye widen , take in the nudity -- luckier than he 's ever be in he life . and ever will be . because he 's about to die . he should not have see that gun . nadedja move like lightning -- aim , fire . intern fall . she pull a shapeless frock from a nearby rack , check she reflection in a mirror . use a makeup sponge to wipe the intern 's blood off she face , step over he in she stilettos . ext . street of milan - day nadedja climb into a mercede slr maclaren -- mirrore exterior , as otherworldly as she be . this be like , a 650 k€ car ( give the current european economy , you could negotiate down to six , but nadedja do not negotiate . ) she speed away . i/e . train - day gorgeous countryside . audrey and Morgan -- now in different clothes -- sit in a train compartment . Morgan hold the trophy , audrey remove a phone from one of the fanny pack . morgan we should get you a gun . Cause dude . back there ? in that cafe ? you be like , deadly . audrey I play a lot of duck hunt . morgan ( be : trophy ) God , what be the fuck deal with this thing ? audrey I do not know . that 's what we have to figure out . morgan or maybe ... we do not . I mean , Drew ask you to hand it to this one person . we try . ( more ) 41 . morgan ( cont 'd ) people shot at we . and each other . clearly this be not as easy as we think . maybe we should just like ... throw it out the window . then it 's just ... not on we . audrey think about it . tempt , but she just can not . audrey no . if it 's really that important and we just ditch it and something really bad happen ... I do not want that blood on my hand . in addition to the literal blood that 's already all over my hand . morgan that train station hand soap be for shit . audrey we just have to get out of this country of murderer . we will be in Prague in a few hour . morgan Prague do not sound free of murderer . but audrey 's distract , click around on one of the aussie 's cell phone with a bejewel pot leaf case . morgan ( cont 'd ) what be you look at ? audrey Facebook . photo of I and Drew . he 's look away in every picture . how do I never notice that before ? morgan when you be in love you do not see shit you do not want to see . be that he parent ? angle on a photo of audrey and Drew -- head turn -- with a middle aged midwestern -looking couple . tom and marsha . audrey yeah . I meet they the night before he disappear . we all go to the cheesecake Factory . morgan God , that menu . too many option . 42. audrey I know . we end up split a lot of thing . morgan do you think they know ? audrey I do not know who know anything anymore . all I know be I really fuck like that guy ... int . barcade - night ( flashback ) the crash test dummy song be still play . audrey and Drew slow -dance in the bar , half -ironic , junior High -style . audrey I do not know . like my best friend always know she want to be a actress . and she 's just ... a natural at it . I have never have anything like that . I have never have a thing where people be like , '' audrey , this be what you be bear to do . '' drew you will . audrey how do you know ? you just meet I . drew I be a good judge of character . audrey smile . a moment . be they go to kiss ? then the song fade out , break the moment . audrey anyway , thanks for the dance . drew you too . audrey head back to morgan , drink at the bar ... drew ( cont ’d ) actually , wait . ( she turn around ) let 's play it again . Drew pull a twenty out of he wallet . drew ( cont ’d ) like , a lot of time . audrey laugh , delighted . 43. czech border guard ( pre - lap ) passport ? int . train - night close on two stern - look czech soldier study the australian girl 's passport . they look up and we -- rack focus to audrey and morgan , smile innocently from they seat . Morgan speak in a heavy australian accent . morgan hi! name 's briony ! as you can tell by my accent , I grow up in perth . though I live in Sydney now . audrey chime in awkwardly ... in a TEXAS drawl . audrey great uniform ! thanks y’all ! the guard stamp they passport and hand they back . move on . audrey and Morgan slide the door shut and exhale . audrey ( cont 'd ) I can not believe that work . morgan I neither . you sound like if Matthew mcconaughey have a stroke . audrey wait . I just think of something . morgan what ? audrey pick up the trophy . bash it against the armrest . morgan ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! what if that 's like , a bomb ? audrey no way . we go through airport security . twice . sure enough , the trophy crack . there 's a flash drive inside . morgan oh my God , dude . audrey ! you be such a operative right now . audrey I bet we will know what to do and where to go if we can just figure out what 's on this thing . 44 , she pull out the drive , discard the trophy . morgan but we do not have we laptop . and even if we do , I be sure it 's like , top secret stuff in code or whatever . we have need some computer genius to figure it out for we ... smash to : int . prague apple store - day the iconic apple image above the genius bar . prague , czech republic a czech version of a american computer geek -- gauge ear , kinda cool , kinda not . neon GREEN tee . he hold the drive . czech genius it 's not something we sell . but let 's take a look ! he open the nearest laptop and plug the drive into the usb port . a stream of number and letter appear . czech genius ( cont ’d ) wow . this be something I have not see before . let I ask lubo ... int . prague apple store - day nine geniuse huddle over the laptop . no other customer be be help . the store manager shake he head . store manager I have never see anything like this . this be some serious government Mr. robot shit . where do you get this ? audrey morgan uh , best buy ? my grandma Rose ... who work at best buy . lubo -- enormous , beard -- pipe up . lubo wait . here 's something ... ( he click ) what if we open up this guy ... the geniuse nod , mutter they agreement . all power in the apple store go out . the computer smoke ! 45 . czech genius what the fuck ... ? audrey ( to Morgan ) fuck . get the drive ! get it out ! in the darkness , Morgan grab the flash drive . they run . int . CIA paris station - day in the bullpen , on a computer screen , a notification flash on a digital map . a tech shout to the room : tech Prague ! they be in Prague . i/e. mercede maclaren - day nadedja -- intense edm blast -- speed down a highway . ext . charle bridge - day the iconic bridge . pack with tourist , vendor , caricature artist . Morgan and audrey move through the crowd . Morgan hold the aussie 's pot leaf phone . morgan I just want to tell they I be safe ! I have not go a day without talk to my parent , like , ever . audrey Fine . but you can not tell they what 's go on . morgan I can not lie . that 's we deal . if I tell the truth , they can not get mad . audrey they might get mad this time . morgan they do not get mad when I try cocaine with we rabbi . they do not get mad when I blow the homeless guy . audrey you do not know he be homeless though . morgan that 's what they say ! trust I . it 's better to have someone know where we be right now . 46 . audrey sigh but do not argue as Morgan step aside , dial . the phone ring . Morgan 's mom carol answer . carol ( v.o. ) hello ? morgan Mom ! it 's I . int . carol and arnie 's live room - day - intercut carol ( 5as ) sit at the kitchen table in they suburban home , cut a article out of the asbury Park Press . carol oh thank God . arnie , she 's okay ! honey you be all over the news . reveal the article be about audrey and morgan . '' freehold native and friend sought in int 'l murder conspiracy '' . carol ( cont 'd ) I be conference you father in . int . carol and arnie 's bathroom - same - intercut arnie ( 5as ) be on the toilet , on he cell . arnie honey ? this be dad . where be you ? do you and audrey murder two people ? that 's what they say on Channel Seven . morgan no ! I mean yes I kill someone but he be a assassin . and then audrey kill someone in Austria . but that be self - defense ... arnie you be in Austria ?! carol arnie , get out of the bathroom . I can hear the echo . a flush . carol ( cont 'd ) oh God , mute yourself . you father 's a pig . int . CIA paris station - day a listening station pick up a hit . a map of new jersey with a blink dot over freehold . another tech trace the call . 47 . tech 2 Charles Bridge . Prague . ext . charle bridge - day audrey nervously look around at passersby , suspect everyone . Morgan be still absorb in she phone call . int . carol and arnie 's bedroom - same - intercut arnie be now sit on the bed . morgan ... and we can not go to the police because they might be in on this . that 's what we be try to figure out right now . arnie where be you stay tonight ? morgan we have not get that far ... arnie listen . I have a friend . Roger bernstein . ophthalmologist . met he do doctor without Borders . he 's get a big place in Prague . lotta money , that guy . married a Czech woman . beautiful girl . Zaftig . carol arnie . arnie she leave he but he stay on . I think he like the culture . carol sexually adventurous . arnie he will behave . I x11 give he a call . ext . prague build - day nadedja stand on top of build , behind a sniper rifle . she look through she sight at -- the charle bridge . nadedja pause . make a call . the voice on the other end speak through a voice modulator . 48 . nadedja who be I look for ? voice modulator ( v.o. ) I texted picture . target be two dumb american woman . nadedja look on she phone . picture of audrey and morgan . she look through she sight again . through the crosshair : so many payr of dumb american women -- two slutty girl take duck -face selfy . a drunk chick puke over the side of the bridge while she hung - over friend hold she hair back . two girl hump a statue of jesus , crack each other up . off nadedja -- she have no idea who to shoot . ext . charle bridge - day audrey , sense danger , lean over to Morgan . morgan ( into phone ) wait , there be ophthalmologist in doctor without Borders ? audrey we should go . carol what , you think people in Afghanistan do not have astigmatism ? arnie you judgment be also a border , young lady . audrey grab the phone and throws it off the bridge . audrey we have to fuck go ! ext . street of prague - day the girl race CITY bike through Prague , pass cathedral , museum , etc . not stop to see the sight . i/e roger 's house - night audrey and Morgan pound on the ornate wooden door as they glance behind they , paranoid . finally it open . roger ( 5as ) -- cardigan , bald , benign -- appear . 49 . roger whoa there ! one of you must need the bathroom . Morgan and audrey just hurry inside and slam the door . morgan yeah . sorry . Nice to meet you . roger ( to audrey ) you must be Morgan ! you have get you mother 's face . morgan actually ... I be Morgan . audrey audrey . roger audrey , have anyone ever tell you you have get Morgan 's mother 's face ? the uncle humor relax they a bit . Roger lead the way upstairs - but the girl linger , glance at the door . audrey mind if I lock the door ... ? roger nervous traveler , eh? ( she nod ) come on . let 's go help you relax . he wink as he lock the bolt . the girl cringe a little . ew. int . roger 's dine room - night at a candlelit table , audrey and Morgan serve themselves salad . Roger enter from the kitchen . roger you girl look like you have enjoy some pot ... he pull a pot roast off the counter . roger ( cont 'd ) ... roast ! he crack himself up . audrey thank you so much , Roger , I be starve . 50 . audrey serve herself some but Morgan wrinkle she nose . morgan oooh . uh ... I be sort of vegan . roger oh . I wish I have know ... morgan it 's kind of a new thing . audrey except when she get really drunk and eat bacon - wrap hot dog off this gross cart . morgan drunk Morgan do not have the same ethic as sober Morgan . audrey Roger , this be delicious . you be a great cook . roger Morgan , I can not let you eat salad for dinner . what kind of host would I be ? i’11l just whip something up . he duck back into the kitchen . a moment . morgan be I crazy or be Roger into I ? audrey oh God . audrey clutches she stomach . audrey ( cont 'd ) I think I be eat too fast . all this meat be hit I weird . morgan that 's you body question you moral decision . audrey I be gonna find the bathroom . int . roger 's house - bathroom - night audrey , pale , clutching she stomach , race into the bathroom and throws up in the toilet . 51 . int . roger 's house - dine room - night Roger re-emerges with a dish of grill eggplant . roger here . eat . morgan you know what ? I be good . I be try not to eat when I be not hungry . roger what happen to audrey ? morgan she go to the bathroom . but I think she 's do . roger then let 's retire to the live room , shall we ? Morgan smile politely and follow , but she 's skeeve out . int . roger 's house - bathroom - night audrey wretch again . in her Pov ... the room be spinning . int . roger 's house - live room - night Roger and Morgan stand before a intense egon schiele nude . roger you like art ? morgan she do not look like she 's enjoy herself . roger sometimes the sweetest pleasure come when you be not enjoy yourself . morgan I do not think I agree with that . and then Roger put he arm around her . Morgan stiffen . morgan ( cont 'd ) uh , hey Roger ? you be so nice and my dad say great thing about you and everything you do with that refugee 's eye ... but ... he squeeze Morgan 's shoulder harder . 52 . morgan ( cont 'd ) ow . that hurt , actually . can you -- she realize Roger 's hand be drift up to she neck . before Morgan can stop he , he 's shove her to the ground . morgan ( cont 'd ) aaaaaah ! help ! she kick Roger in the ball . roger morgan ( cont 'd ) ow ! fuck ! audrey ! Roger climb on top of Morgan . int . roger 's house - bathroom - same still in audrey 's Pov . Morgan 's yell be muffle . audrey try to stand -- but lose she balance . she fall into -- the shower . there 's a dead body in the tub . a different bald nerd . the real roger . audrey flail to get off he . it 's tough . she 's be drugge . she collapse to the floor , barely conscious . int . roger 's house - live room - same Roger , on top of a scream Morgan , yank up the side of she shirt and inject she with a tranquilizer . int . roger 's house - bathroom - night Roger toss a woozy morgan into the bathroom with audrey , slam the door . the girl be barely lucid . morgan audrey ... Roger drugge I ... audrey that 's not Roger . audrey pull back the shower curtain , reveal the body . Morgan gasp . audrey pull out the flash drive . audrey ( cont 'd ) you have to swallow this . morgan what ? audrey so they can not find it . come on ! before he come back ! 53 . morgan you swallow it . audrey I just puke like nine time . I x11 just throw it back up . morgan I can not even swallow advil ! I have to mash it up and put it in applesauce ... that thing be huge . audrey pretend it 's that homeless guy . morgan ( fade ) dude . I do not know ... audrey muster the strength to lift Morgan 's head to the sink . she run the water into Morgan 's mouth , put the flash drive in . Morgan try to swallow ... but cough it up . audrey lift you head back . hold you nose . Morgan try hold she nose and dangle the flash drive into she mouth . it go in ... and Morgan start choking . audrey slap she on the back . the flash drive fly out . audrey , pass out , pick up the flash drive , think fast -- the door fly open just as the toilet flush . '' Roger '' be flanke by three thug . in the girl 's Pov , we fade to black . int . abandoned locker room - day the girl come to -- find they hand be chained to pipe above they head . they be in a old , rusted out locker room . morgan audrey ? they be not alone . a middle aged couple sit by the shower . audrey squint at they -- recognize they -- gasp ! it’s drew's parent . tom and marsha be typical midwesterner parent -- grey , thick , patagonias . they look exhaust . audrey oh my god. Tom ! Marsha ! morgan who ? 54 . audrey Drew 's parent . ( to Tom and Marsha ) oh God . be I the reason you get drag into this ? believe I , I never mean for of this to happen . I never mean for Drew to die ... morgan help we get this off before they come back and chain you up too ... Marsha nod sweetly , cross slowly to audrey and ... punch her hard across the face . audrey ahhhhhh ! what the -- Marsha speak ... with a heavy russian accent . marsha shut up , you dumb bitch . tom where 's the drive ? he have a accent too . he approach Morgan , pull a knife . audrey ( realize ) you guy be in on this too . tom tell you friend to answer my fuck question . audrey trust I . you son would have want you to protect we . morgan uh , audrey . I do not think that be really Drew 's parent . audrey yes they be ! right ? ( to Tom and Marsha ) that dinner happen . we split the chicken lettuce wrap . we talk about Tom 's colonoscopy . we both love scandal , Marsha ! I be team fitz , you be team Jake ! Jake 's the good guy ! Scott foley ! 55 . marsha I can like Scott foley and be a Russian operative who be not Drew 's mother . Drew work for we . tom where 's the fuck drive ?! he hold the knife to audrey 's throat . a long beat . audrey I ... flushed it down the toilet . silence . this be a big fuck deal . tom do you know what you have do ? he glare at they . it 's a scary fuck look . tom ( cont 'd ) nadedja ! nadedja enter , now wear a form - fitting leather suit . marsha shoot this cunt in the head . tom torture they first . make sure they be not lie . audrey we be not ! we have no reason to lie ! we do not even know what 's on that drive ! no one ever tell we ! they leave the girl with nadedja . she unzip she case -- lay out a bunch of fuck up look dental equipment . audrey start shaking . Morgan nervously start rambling ... morgan you be really pretty . like you be barely human you be so pretty -- audrey Morgan , shut up . morgan no ! everybody like compliment ! nadedja remove a pair of plier . approach Morgan . morgan ( cont 'd ) wow ! do you sharpen that yourself ? do you work with metal often ? 56 . nadia bring the plier closer . morgan ( cont 'd ) audrey oh God oh God oh God ... please no , stop ! ext . belgian countryside - day a fleet of black suv race across the bleak countryside . i/e black suv - same Patel drive the lead car . sebastian sit shotgun . ext . abandoned ice hockey arena , belgium - day a long -abandon , run down ice hockey rink from the 70 . that 's where the girl be be hold . on the roof -- the parent and some thug load gear into a whirring helicopter . angle on the decal on the chopper -- volvo . ( do you know volvo make chopper ? apparently they do for assassin pose as midwestern parent ) int . locker room - day nadedja near audrey 's mouth with the plier ... nadedja I ask question . if I do not like answer , I take tooth . same as she . a sob . we reveal Morgan -- blood be pour from she mouth . morgan that be a fuck wisdom tooth ! it be all the way up in there . nadedja where be the drive ? audrey I already tell they . I flushed it down the toilet . nadedja I do not like answer . she take the plier to one of audrey 's front teeth . morgan this be so bad for woman ! nadedja brutally twist audrey 's tooth . audrey gasp in pain . 57 . ext . abandoned ice hockey arena - day the suv pull up just in time to see the chopper leaving . int . black suv - day - continuous Patel and sebastian watch as the chopper retreat . patel fuck . they get the drive . ( into a handset ) okay kid . on my order , scuttle the F - 15s . let 's blow this shithole up . sebastian wait . the girl could be in there . patel if they be , they be either dead or surround by terrorist . also : I do not care . sebastian just give I five minute and three agent . I want to check . patel so four agent can get kill ? I can not authorize that . and this be my operation . the radio ( v.o. ) F - 15s be a minute out . patel sweet . let 's crush this mother like we have crush Yale in every football game since 2007 . ( beat ) by '' we '' I mean Harvard . sebastian make a snap decision . he slam patel 's head into the steering wheel , knock he out . sebastian seize he radio . do he best Patel impression : sebastian actually guy , hold up ? abort mission . the radio ( v.o. ) Roger that . sebastian go crimson . he handcuff Patel to the steering wheel . 58 . ext . abandoned ice hockey arena - moment later sebastian , handgun up , creep along the side of the building . int . abandoned ice hockey arena - continuous a guard on the other side of the door with a rifle . sebastian leap out of nowhere -- kick he in the face -- we see he training in action . the Guard 's rifle clang to the ground . sebastian stomp on he fall body . he 's out . through another set of door sebastian peek out -- move quietly -- hide under a bleacher . take in the cavernous hockey rink . rat scuttle across dirt where the ice use to be . a massive decrepit zamboni in the corner . a moldy old hockey goal . in the shadow , creepy thug stalk , on patrol . a muffle scream from across the rink . sebastian spot the locker room door on the far side . know they be in there . flick ! a russian guard light a cigarette inch from sebastian -- do not see he . he take a drag , enjoy it . he have better - it will be he last ever . he walk a couple pace , around the zamboni -- sebastian 's wait . in one fluid move , he have the guard in a headlock -- shove the light cigarette into he mouth -- hold it close as the guard burn from the inside . then crumple . sebastian drop he -- run swiftly , unseen , under the rink - side barrier . stop a few yard from the locker room ... a card table stand in the way . nine bad fucking guy around it . all with gun on they . eat , drink , laugh . sebastian silently check he clip . he would not have enough bullet for all of they even if every shot be perfect . fuck . int . locker room - day blood be now stream out of both the girl 's mouth . nadedja smile for the first time -- albeit sadistically -- as she pull out jumper cable attach to a car battery . audrey I be tell you we do not know anything ! morgan I have never keep a secret in my life ! I tell everyone everything ! 59 . nadedja just hit the jumper together . SPARKS fly . morgan ( cont 'd ) I have herpes ! audrey what be you do ? morgan prove to she that I be honest and have nothing to hide ! I steal my dad 's painkiller from he hernia surgery and sell they at coachella ! nadedja approach Morgan with the jumper ... morgan ( cont 'd ) I text while I drive -- drunk -- all the time ! I once make out with this guy who have a hormone disorder where he look twelve . he 's actually forty , but still ! it 's like I hook up with a child ! audrey Morgan . this be not help -- morgan tell she something personal about you . audrey no! morgan audrey have a recur sex dream about turtle from entourage ! nadedja shock morgan . Morgan scream . blind pain . i/e. black suv - day Patel stir awake -- groggily realize what happen . then realize he hand be cuffed . patel you fuck dick , henshaw . fuming , he reach down with he free arm , manage to grab the wire to he mouthpiece . talk into it . patel ( cont 'd ) okay ! send the F -15 . int . abandoned ice hockey arena - day sebastian hear this ... 60 . patel ( v.o. ) Drop the payload . now . sebastian know he have to move . now . the zamboni -- moment later sebastian sit astride the beast . there 's no way this thing still work , right ? no fuck way . but he have to try . he turn the ignition . it burp awake . Fucking miracle . at the card table the thug be confuse . what the fuck be that ? the zamboni roar ahead -- now on top of they . sebastian drive . one moment the table be full of scary dude . now a three ton hunk of metal and giant spin blade shreed the life out of every one of they . someone 's severe hand fly into the hockey goal . sebastian do not have time to be impressed with himself -- a giant man pull he out of he seat . no actually , a straight up hulk -- pull he to the ground . stands over he . this guy be the biggest monster Russia have ever create and he 's about to crush sebastian . sebastian kick . get he in the shin . this be nothing to he . hulk lean down , take sebastian 's leave arm . snap it . blind pain . then hulk shoot he in the other shoulder . sebastian writhes in agony as the thug point he gun at sebastian 's head . so much for play hero . he 's gonna die . one last ditch think -- sebastian grab for he gun . with two fuck up arm , he can not AIM so he just shoot wildly . wherever he can . hulk laugh . bullet nowhere near he , but -- one bullet ricochet around the rafter , hit a chain . which hold -- a ancient scoreboard . the scoreboard fall , right on the hulk . crush he skull . int . locker room - day hear the loud noise , nadedja turn . what be that ? a momentary reprieve for Morgan and audrey as she grab two gun and head toward the noise ... int . outside the locker room - same sebastian crouch under the bleacher as nadedja 's high heel pass . once she 's go -- he crawl to the locker room . 61 . int . locker room - continuous sebastian enter and gasp . audrey and Morgan look horrible . but they be alive . see he , they start collapse in sob -- but there 's no time -- sebastian we have to move fast . sebastian struggle to lift audrey -- unhook she from the pipe she hang from . not easy give he own injury ... audrey unhook Morgan . they hurry toward the back exit -- ext . abandoned ice hockey arena - day a bloody , hobble audrey , Morgan and sebastian hurry out of the arena into the sunlight . the girl stop . audrey where be we -- ? sebastian keep move ! go! go! the F - 15s buzz over the arena . drop there payload . sebastian pull they away as fast as he can as the building -- explode . a fiery boom . then just a fire . the old rink be now a heap of rubble along with everyone inside . at least they be safe . sebastian crouch over the girl , shield they from the debris . as the smoke clear : audrey okay . I trust you now . sebastian Jesus , I should hope so . but when the smoke clear ... there be fifty special force agent surround they . gun draw . oh shit . int . CIA paris station , holding cell - day sebastian -- one arm bandage , one in a sling -- sit with the girl in a hold room . audrey be honest . do this look fake ? she smile . a unnaturally white fake tooth where hers be . morgan you know I would never lie to you . 62 . Morgan leave it at that . audrey turn to sebastian . audrey I should have just give you the drive in the cafe . then none of this would have happen . sebastian I would not have believe I either . Drew tell you to keep it safe . morgan okay . can you just tell we what be on that fuck drive ? sebastian I actually do not know . what I know be it be make by a international terrorist group call highland . Intelligence tell we they be plan a series of assassination . High profile people . the plan will be on that drive . so if we have it , we have know how to stop they . audrey be about to say something when -- the door open . wendy enter with patel -- he nose break and bandage . wendy henshaw ? my office . Patel , stay here . sebastian glance back at the girl , then follow Wendy out . in they wake , patel be alone with the girl . awkwardly : audrey what happen to you nose ? patel you new best friend slam my head into a steering wheel so he could put we entire team at risk . in order to save you . audrey oh . a awkward silence . morgan so , '' Patel . '' do you know a Danny Patel who go to wesleyan ? 63 . int . CIA paris station - wendy'' office - day Wendy coldly sit across from sebastian . wendy henshaw , you read English at university . do you ever learn the word '' hierarchy '' ? sebastian Wendy , I know I -- wendy how about the word '' treason '' ? that 's a good one . Love when it come up in the crossword . sebastian I know I overstep -- wendy overstep ? overstep be wear a tank top on casual Friday . overstep be steal my activia from the office fridge even though I bring it from home . sebastian I do not steal you activia . wendy goddammit . we work for a international intelligence organization and I can not figure out who 's be eat my yogurt . my point be you do a lot more than overstep . you violate my direct order , handcuff you superior and go into a building swarm with terrorist without backup . sebastian I know . I exercise poor judgment -- wendy which one of they be it ? sebastian sorry ? wendy the only reason I can fathom why you would put the entire mission on the line to save two girl 's life be you be in love with one of they . so which one be it ? ( more ) 64 . wendy ( cont 'd ) the one with the tooth or the one who invite I to see she in pippin at the Santa monica playhouse ? int . CIA paris station holding cell - later patel pace the room , enjoy this . the girl be upset . patel so what be go through you mind exactly when you flushed it down the toilet ? '' this thing be so important that actual people be actually die because of it . so I know what I x11 do ! i’1l treat it like a piece of shit wrap ina piece of toilet paper . '' Morgan involuntarily laugh . clap a hand over she mouth . patel ( cont 'd ) this be funny ? death be funny to you ? morgan no , just ... that 's how you go to the bathroom ? audrey start quietly laugh too . patel go ahead . laugh . meanwhile , I '11 tell you how many life be lose and will be lose because of you . morgan ... so let I get this straight . you take a piece of toilet paper and what ? you like wrap you hand in it and then poop into it , and then take that whole contraption and that 's what you drop into the toilet ? you know the toilet be design to take all that work out of it for you ? int . CIA paris station . wendy 's office - day Wendy and sebastian , as before . wendy how long do the doctor say it would take you arm to heal ? sebastian two month for the bullet wound . Three for the fracture . 65 . wendy great . take a five month leave . sebastian oh , I assume he mean the two arm will heal simultaneously . wendy I know what I say . int . CIA paris station holding cell - day Patel be in the middle of berate the girl . he lean in . patel and every time you hear the song that will be record by sting ( feature bruno Mars ) about everyone who 's about to be kill , just know that that song would never have have to be make if you two be not such fuck -up . audrey okay . we get it . patel oh , sorry , have you have enough ? ( then ) Drew be right about you . audrey flinch . Patel savor this . patel ( cont 'd ) you be nothing to he . just a place for he to put he stuff . because no one would ever suspect you of anything . no one would ever think you be important enough . this hang in the air for audrey . the door open and sebastian re-enter . avoid Patel , address the girl . sebastian I just want to say goodbye . you be on the next flight to LA . morgan what happen when we get there ? be we gonna go to jail ? sebastian no , we will take care of it . that 's what we do here . 66 . patel actually henshaw , not to be a grammarian here but you be not technically include in '' we '' anymore when refer to what we do here . since you be suspend . sebastian seethes but do not say anything . patel ( cont 'd ) now how about you drop this two at the airport on you way home ? good practice for you next career drive a supershuttle . i/e . toyota corolla - day sebastian drive he modest car out of the parking garage . audrey sit shotgun , Morgan in the back . sebastian sorry about all the dog hair back there . morgan I be surprised they do not give you more of a badass James bond car . sebastian I do not have company car privilege right now . or for the next five month . audrey ugh . we ruin you life . sebastian no you do not . I 'il be fine . and I do not know what Patel say to you in there but this situation would be much worse if you have not flushed that drive and it end up in the wrong hand . morgan but a lot of people be gonna die . sebastian and they would have die if you would never find the drive in the first place . this be not you fault . a moment . 67 . audrey just out of curiosity , if we do still have the drive , what would have happen ? sebastian well , hopefully we could de -encrypt it . then ideally , we have see what highland 's plan be and stop they . audrey how do you de -encrypt something ? sebastian why do you want to know ? audrey ( a nervous beat ) because the drive be in my vagina . sebastian sorry ? audrey yeah ... sebastian and Morgan be shocked . wait . sebastian morgan be you fuck kid ?! audrey you tell I it be important ! I be not go to flush something that important down the toilet ! morgan so it 's in there right now ? do not that hurt ? audrey you get use to it . sebastian so even when you be be torture ... you do not give it up . sebastian be really impressed with audrey . morgan the ultimate irony would be if you save the world , then die of toxic shock syndrome . 68 . sebastian right then , not to be impolite but do you think you might ... access it ? from ... the place where -- audrey yeah . everyone turn you head . angle on audrey 's face as she unzip , remove the flash drive . a moment , then another zip . she hold out the drive . audrey ( cont 'd ) should I just put it ... sebastian uh , I x11 take that . a awkward -- and extremely intimate -- moment as audrey hand the drive to sebastian . he put it on the dash , then turn off at a exit for charle do gaulle airport . morgan where be you go after this ? back to headquarters or whatever ? audrey yeah . I be sure they 'il un - suspend you if you show up with this . sebastian maybe . but I may try to take this one on myself . audrey how ? look at you . you be like , disabled right now . sebastian I will figure something out . a moment . audrey and Morgan exchange a look . audrey dude , no . I be not gonna sit on the plane watch cake boss while you be risk you life to clean up a mess we make . I want to help . morgan I too . you can not do this alone . sebastian no. no . you two have risk you life enough as it be . a moment . then the other part of the truth come out . 69 . morgan but ... I do not want to go back yet . audrey I neither . this might sound stupid because this be you job and it 's really serious and dangerous , but I feel like this be something we could actually be ... good at . morgan I know . this be everything I love about theater and I be finally get to do it . just pretend to be a spy . sebastian you be not pretend . sebastian doe a aggressive u-turn . New plan . ext . bibliotheque mazarine - day a gorgeous historical library on the seine face the louvre . int . bibliotheque mazarine - day breathtake detail , century - old book . a tourist destination . but this be no ordinary tourist . the reading room -- sebastian insert the flash drive into he laptop while the girl look on . the same encrypted number and letter that appear in the Apple store pop up . sebastian hmmmm . that 's odd . he look down at the drive . then back at audrey . then back at the drive . audrey get paranoid about what he 's judge . audrey whatever dude . not every woman be like , a wax porn star . we have stuff go on in there . sebastian no , no . I mean on the drive ... this be State Department encryption . morgan meaning ? sebastian highland do not make this . you government do . I can not access it . I do not have clearance . I be suspend . 70 . audrey can not you just hack the password ? you be a spy . sebastian they change it every 24 hour . it 's 16 character . number , letter , case-sensitive . even if I hada supercomputer , it would take day . audrey so ... what be you say ? sebastian we can not get into the flash drive . I be say we lose . a sober moment for all of they . morgan there must be something else we can do . sebastian not unless you have access to some sort of expert on U.S. intelligence computer security . Morgan get a idea . morgan actually , hold on . int . bibliotheque mazarine - night two french student absorb in math textbooks . around they , the usual student technology -- laptop , mobile , etc . Morgan appear at they table . in she best french accent -- morgan ou est la bibliothéque ? they student be confuse . french student you be already at the library . morgan yeah , sorry , it 's the only thing I remember from high school french . ( then ) I be just gonna borrow this for one second . be right back . she grab one of they mobile and step outside . 71 . int . moscow HOTEL - day - intercut the back of someone 's head , stare out the window at the kremlin as he tie a tie . his phone buzze . he look at the number , do not recognize it , but answer it anyway . edward snowden this be Edward . morgan Eddie ? Eddie snowden ? yes -- it 's edward snowden . morgan ( cont 'd ) it 's Morgan . from Buck 's rock Camp . Edward snowden lose he shit . edward oh my God , Morgan ! how be you ? it 's be forever . I have send you a bunch of email over the year ... I think maybe you do not have you aol account anymore . morgan yeah , I have a gmail now . edward snowden actually ... I know that . morgan right . I guess you would . ( beat ) so hey . I need a really big favor . a knock at Edward 's hotel room door . a russian aide appear . russian aide Sir , Mr. Putin be ready for you . edward snowden he can wait . ( into phone ) what do you need , Morgan ? anything . morgan be you near a computer ? edward snowden always . int . CIA situation room - day in the situation room , Wendy stare at the screen . silence . then a CIA technician notice something on he computer . 72 . CIA technician ma ’am ! ma ’am . ( Wendy look over ) they do not get on they flight . wendy shit . she turn to patel . wendy ( cont ’d ) either that dum -dum take they selfie stick to the eiffel Tower or they lie about not have the drive and they be on the run . which agent take they to the airport ? Patel freeze . he fuck up . patel I , uh , send henshaw . wendy you send the agent I just suspend for insubordination ? patel I will fix it . wendy you have better . give I a excuse to leave couple therapy early . I be sick of watch my husband cry . int . bibliotheque mazarine - day sebastian type in the password Morgan read off ... morgan ... two , upper case L , at sign , at sign , asterisk , lower - case j... on the screen : a check MARK . sebastian and audrey exchange a look , amaze . sebastian hastily download the de-encryption key . he 's in . int . bibliotheque mazarine - later Morgan be now try desperately to wrap it up with snowden . morgan yeah . yeah . totally . I love the mighty mighty bosstone too . make sense that they be touring Eastern Europe now ... i’1l definitely try to make it . ( more ) 73 . morgan ( cont 'd ) but if I can not , call I if you be ever in LA !... oh right , I guess I know that . k then ... bye . she hang up on Edward snowden . on sebastian 's laptop : icons flood the screen and do not stop . there must be million . sebastian 's eye widen . audrey what ? what 's on the drive . sebastian this ... be not highland 's plan . this be a lot bigger . sebastian slam the laptop shut just as Morgan return . sebastian ( cont ’d ) we have to get out of here . int . european HOTEL room - sunset - intercut in a lavish bed in a luxury hotel in Europe somewhere sit -- nadedja . she 's still alive ? what the fuck ? her profile , haunt beauty , light by the sunset . she 's stone - face , chain smoking , surround by artillery . euro MTV play low in the background but she stare out the window . her cell buzze . she answer in croatian . nadedja Zdravo . a voice speak through a voice modulator . voice modulator I need to add another target . nadedja double rate . voice modulator no . you fail once . the girl be still alive . you should be happy we be still work with you . i’1l send you everything you need . we stay on nadedja as she a text come through . a picture of sebastian . then , link to google map with a moving dot . nadedja turn to assemble she weapon -- and we reveal -- half her face be melted off . hideously deform . the bombing at the ice rink . well ... she 's survive worse . 74 . ext . suburban paris shopping centre parking lot - day by the park corolla , sebastian switch the SIM card in he phone -- open the trunk , pull out dry cleaning . sebastian here . Change you clothes . we need to ditch anything they could use to find out where we be go . audrey where be we go ? sebastian Amsterdam . I know a place we can hide . as they all put on sebastian 's dress shirt ... morgan oh my God my friend Beth life in Amsterdam ! she just email I about a new gallery show . ( to sebastian ) she use pipe cleaner and glitter to discuss draconian abortion access in contemporary India . sebastian interesting . do you want you friend Beth to die ? morgan I be not say we should go . ( beat ) unless we get this all resolve and we be safe . then I would not mind support she . meanwhile , audrey try not to stare at sebastian 's body as she help he button he shirt . dude 's in great shape . he catch she look . a awkward moment as they both redden . there 's tension -- and not just the life and death kind . a series of quick cut , over energetic music -- - Morgan throws all there clothes into a dumpster . - sebastian pull a stash of spy shit -- money , passport , gun , gadget , a pack of cigarettes -- from he glove box ... - sebastian walk Morgan through jimmying the lock on another car , a modest peugeot hatchback . then through hot-wire it . ext . french highway - minute later the peugeot zip out on to the road . success . 75 . i/e . a paris train - night nadedja in a close train car -- bad side face away from we , toward the window . she track the move dot . knock knock ! a sleazy spanish guy slide the door open . spanish guy good evening , beautiful . he sit next to she . nadedja blithely turn , revealing the other side of she face -- now bandage but soaked with blood . spanish guy ( cont ’d ) Bella , what happen to you face ? nadedja calmly lift a hand and bash he nose in . amuse : nadedja what happen to yours ? i/e . sebastian be car - middle of the night sebastian and audrey up front , Morgan sleep in back . audrey so what kind of dog do you have ? sebastian well , have . audrey oh . I be sorry . sebastian no. no . the dog 's still alive . he just life with my ex . audrey do you ever see he ?... or she ? or , sorry , maybe they be both '' he , '' I do not mean to be presumptuous . sebastian the dog 's a '' he . '' the ex be a '' she . '' audrey get it . what happen ? sebastian you know . the usual . I work too much . we never see each other . she be have a emotional affair with one of she coworker . they be always hugging . they once hugge for five minute . ( more ) 76 . sebastian ( cont 'd ) just try to hug someone for five minute . I bet you can not . audrey yeah , that 's a really long time . sebastian also I find out she be sell weapon to the chinese government . audrey where be she now ? sebastian off the grid . I lose track of she -- and banjo -- somewhere along the kyrgyzstan border . audrey I be really sorry . sebastian yeah . breakup suck . as you know . a moment of connection . audrey they just make you feel crazy . like , you be with someone for ten month , you think you be in love ... then you be like , oh wait , that be all a lie . I be just a vagina for he to store a flash drive in . sebastian it 's more complicated than that . people reveal who they be in the end . it do not mean what you have be not real . audrey Morgan say Drew be always a selfish dick . sebastian and what do you think ? audrey I mean , he do bring assassin to my apartment . but then again , so do you . sebastian ( smile ) shut up . in the back , morgan wake up . 77 . morgan hey guy ? I know we be on the run from a shit - ton of people but can we eat soon ? I be fuck starve . ext . rotterdam , netherland - day the sun rise over the gorgeous town . rotterdam , netherland int . a office - day Long , thin finger type into a phone . '' target locate . '' nadedja stand in a corporate office -- empty for the weekend -- overlook a quaint outdoor cafe . through she scope ... ext . outdoor cafe - same audrey , morgan and sebastian eat breakfast - in she crosshair . we leave nadedja 's Pov and pull closer ... revealing ... it 's not they . it 's the australian tourist girl they steal passport from in Vienna . and some random skeevy guy . one of the girl wear sebastian 's jacket from earlier . aussie tourist 1 how cute be this jacket ? aussie tourist 2 I can not believe you find it ina dumpster . you always find the best secondhand stuff . skeevy guy yeah , so , you guy into threesome ? bam-bam-bam ! all three collapse , instantly dead -- ext . a different cafe - day in a entirely different cafe , we three heroes eat dutch apple pancake in peace . totally safe . for now . audrey so sebastian , be this what you job be like all the time ? sebastian uh , no . mostly it 's a lot of paperwork . reading report . wait to get send into the field . 78 . audrey at least you have a field . my field be a conveyor belt with almond milk and cruelty - free chicken come at I . reeeeally slowly . with plenty of time for I to intercept they . morgan I have never have a job . but I love hearing about job . maybe I should get a job here serve pannekoeken . I do a really good dutch accent . audrey know . audrey she play a guard in Diary of Anne Frank . morgan the part be write as a man but at oberlin we do a gender -switch version . on sebastian -- what the fuck be they talk about ? audrey speak of hide out , where be we stay tonight ? do we finally get to sleep in a real hotel ? morgan yeah , like one of that one in bond where there just happen to be a private waterfall for he to have sex under ? sebastian no . we need to stay somewhere we will not stand out . where we do not seem weird . because everyone there will be weirder . smash to : int . flying pig youth hostel , amsterdam - night a grimy youth hostel . full of freak . a japanese guy play with a possum . a swiss guy openly sell cocaine . a thruple of irish tourist make out . amsterdam , the netherland at the check - in desk , sebastian hand cash to a clerk . 79 . int . flying pig youth hostel - room - night sebastian sit on one of the bed , on he laptop while audrey look on . Morgan , on another bed , channel - surf on the tiny tv . on the tiny desk , a assortment of gun be laid out . audrey ... so you be tell I this drive give we access to the entire cloud ? everyone 's private shit ? sebastian the U.S. government have build a back door to access everything . everyone 's private email , they finances ... everyone 's secret . that 's what Drew steal . audrey what do highland want with that ? sebastian imagine the power that come from unlimited information . blackmail , theft , they can take anything . know anything . this be why people be -- morgan hey ! you guy ! on tv : CNN INTERNATIONAL news . it 's a story about american girl armed , dangerous , at large . it 's audrey and Morgan . CNN INTERNATIONAL anchor ... think to be part of a bigger terrorist plot , the young woman be say to be involved in a hack at the Apple store in Prague ... the girl stare , mesmerize ... CNN INTERNATIONAL anchor ( cont ’d ) .».. and the murder of a local doctor , which may have have a sexual motive . morgan ew . we would not have sexual motive with that guy . that 's like , so insulting to we . CNN INTERNATIONAL anchor here be recent photograph of the suspect ... on the tv : Morgan 's photo be a glamorous headshot . audrey 's be a drunken , shiny bar photo . baggy , stain sweatshirt . sebastian 80 . audrey ugh , I keep try to untag myself in that picture . morgan be that from Halloween ? audrey no. morgan oh . ( beat ) it 's cute ! audrey it 's really not . morgan sebastian , back I up here . do not audrey look cute in that photo ? sebastian I be busy . morgan what , you do not have one second to validate she ? all you have to do be give a thumb up or thumb down ! CNN INTERNATIONAL anchor ... the FBI have release transcript of Facebook message between the suspect about victim Drew thayer , confirm they intent . audrey oh god. Morgan . we chat ... CNN INTERNATIONAL anchor '' I just wish he would die . be that too much to ask ? just for someone to [ expletive ] murder he , '' say audrey stockman . then , '' do you want I to murder he ? I totally will . that 's what friend be for . Music note emoji , music note emoji , '' reply Morgan freedman . finally look up , amused . sebastian you name be Morgan freedman ? morgan it 's Morgan alexa freedman on imdb . 81. audrey oh god. Morgan . look . onscreen - tess baker - tonetti : college friend of suspect . tess ...- honestly ? I just do not believe audrey would ever do this . audrey be surprised and weirdly touch . until ... tess ( cont 'd ) she 's just like , not that complicated of a thinker . I mean she 's 27 year old and she do not even have a bed frame . audrey shut off the tv . she and Morgan cross to sebastian . morgan so with this drive , if anyone have ever email or like imessage a naked picture to someone else ... sebastian this drive could access it . audrey who do you send naked picture to ? morgan do not worry about it . audrey I can find out . he just say I can find out . audrey grab the laptop . Morgan smack she hand away . morgan or we could look at picture of someone we actually want to see naked . the girl exchange a know look . beat . morgan ( cont ’d ) audrey Anderson Cooper . amal clooney . Morgan start type ... sebastian try to wrestle the laptop back but she playfully hold it out of he reach . sebastian guy . this be not a joke ... onscreen -- a naked anderson cooper . reverent silence . 82. morgan God . everything about that guy be chisele . audrey snow white carpet , snow white drape . morgan ooh , be that one from behind ? audrey Anderson Cooper 360 . suddenly -- a enormous finnish backpacker burst into the room ! all three of they panic , scramble for there gun . Point it right at the backpacker ... who be totally non-pluss . enormous finnish backpacker ( thick accent ) cool . he plop on one of the bed and immediately fall asleep . int . flying pig youth hostel bathroom - later audrey enter the communal bathroom to find sebastian unwrap a kid 's travel toothbrush . she do the same . audrey what have you get ? I get the blond girl from frozen . sebastian that 's elsa . you can have my olaf if you would prefer . ( off she look ) I have niece . ( beat ) who be quite weird out that I see frozen in the theater three time by myself . audrey laugh . they switch toothbrush , brush they tooth . sebastian ( cont ’d ) I hope you be not upset about what that girl say . on the news . audrey I mean , I be not surprised she say that . I have not really do anything that impressive with my life so far . a moment . 83 . sebastian I have see you do some pretty impressive thing . you be a great shot in the cafe . you do not break when you be torture . you have the forethought to put that thing up you ... thing . you be a natural at this . audrey you think so ? sebastian absolutely . audrey well , I be impressed with you too . not a lot of people would have care about save I . include my ex . sebastian audrey . about that . I want to clear something up . you be not just a cover for Drew . that much I know . audrey how ? sebastian I be ... there the night you two meet . at you birthday last year . audrey you be at barcade ? sebastian outside . in the surveillance van . Drew be actually there to take out a target . audrey who ? sebastian the bartender . he be in isis . int . barcade - night ( flashback ) a bartender with a very long beard -- could be in isis , could be in Iron & wine -- hand drew a drink at the bar . isis bartender craft bourbon cocktail with tobacco bitter and a rhubarb zest ? 84 . we hear sebastian in v.o. through Drew 's earpiece . sebastian ( v.o. ) can you identify he as the target ? Drew 's lean back to get a better view , knock into audrey at the jukebox . he turn , see she . smile . she 's cute . drew sorry . audrey it 's okay . from drew's side now , we see audrey turn around in she tiara . drew oh. happy birthday . audrey what ? ( off tiara , deadpan ) oh , this ? it 's not my birthday . I just wear this for warmth . int . surveillance van - night - ( flashback sebastian sit with two other agent , watch footage of different area of the bar . onscreen , Drew and audrey flirt . sebastian thayer . we do not have time for this . ( Drew ignore he ) thayer . show I you be listen to I . ( Drew keep ignore he ) tell I this earptece be still work . or I be come in there . they start dance . Drew subtly nods over audrey 's shoulder . sebastian ( cont ’d ) if you see I , why be not you fuck move ?! int . barcade - night - ( flashback morgan approach the dance couple . morgan okay , kid . the birthday girl 's gonna turn into a pumpkin ina second . let 's get Del Taco . audrey and Drew break apart . Morgan address drew. 85 . morgan ( cont ’d ) you be come . you can bring you giant square chin with you . audrey no night be complete without a bad decision at Del Taco . drew actually ... I can not . audrey oh. okay . she 's disappointed . Drew glance back at isis bartender , now close out the register . prepare to leave ... drew I just , have a work thing . audrey at 2 be ? drew yeah , my job be weird . this sound like bullshit . audrey okay , well , nice meeting you , Drew . she turn to leave . on drew -- glance from the bartender retreate to the bathroom and audrey on she way out ... drew wait . sebastian ( v.o . ) do not you dare give she you number . do not give a witness at the bar where you be about to murder a man you phone number . drew ( sotto ) too late . audrey turn . audrey too late for what ? drew nothing . here . take my number . maybe we can hang out another time . 86 . audrey light up , hand he she phone . he punch in he number . audrey leave with Morgan . the second they be go , Drew sprint toward the bathroom . int . surveillance van - night - ( flashback the agent watch as onscreen , in the bathroom -- isis bartender be finish up at the urinal . Drew walk in . int . barcade bathroom - night - ( flashback Drew , now steely - eye , expertly move toward he , grab the back of he head -- shove he hard right into the flusher handle . we smash back to -- int . hostel bathroom - night - present day audrey and sebastian , as before . audrey be overwhelm . sebastian my point be , be with someone -- caring about they -- make we job harder . so if Drew be try with you ... that be real . audrey until I get he kill . sebastian he get himself kill . a moment . sebastian try to lighten the mood . sebastian ( cont ’d ) and not that you ask my opinion , but I would say the worst song on that jukebox be '' you body be a wonderland . '' no question . audrey ( laugh ) no way dude ! I lose my virginity to that song . sebastian wow . to who ? the cheesiest person in the world ? audrey oh , I be sorry . do you lose you virginity in a non-cheesy way , Fancy british guy ? now sebastian 's laugh too . they be enjoy each other . audrey turn to leave ... then turn back . 87 . audrey ( cont 'd ) hey . why do not you let we die ? before . sebastian I just think you have value . we see this mean a lot to audrey . and clearly there 's a mutual attraction . another charge moment between they ... until the enormous finnish backpacker burst in . enormous finnish backpacker rookworst , be I right ? he slam into a stall . the sound of a really large man have really a explosive shit . and the moment be go . int . flying pig youth hostel room - night sebastian and audrey be mid-conversation , laugh , as they walk back into the room . audrey there be a_ lot of Jim morrison poster in Amsterdam . sebastian audrey ( cont 'd ) God I hate the Doors . Fucking hate the Doors . they laugh . then sebastian suddenly stop . freeze . sebastian audrey . audrey turn , gasp -- Morgan be bound and gag in the middle of the room -- strapped to a chair -- tie to the desk . audrey oh my God ! Morgan , what --— a voice ( 0.s. ) she talk too much . it 's patel . he emerge from behind the door -- gun train on they . fuck . sebastian act lightning - quick , on instinct . he swing at Patel with he unslinge arm -- but he 's injure , weaken . Patel easily bat he away -- then shove the muzzle of the pistol into sebastian 's shoulder -- into he RAW bullet hole . sebastian scream in pain . audrey stop ! please ! do not ! stop it -- 88 . Patel just push harder , harder . sebastian writhes . audrey step forward to intervene , but he whip the gun back to she . patel hand ! up. both of you . ( to sebastian ) that 's both hand , cripple . audrey and sebastian raise they arm . sebastian wince -- he can not raise he injure arm very high . Patel notice , patel ( cont 'd ) Higher . sebastian try . it 's excruciate . patel ( cont 'd ) ... dust because I can . sebastian what be this , Patel ? revenge ? I be already suspend . you win . patel I know I win . this be not about you . or they . I be just here for this . smirk . Patel move to the desk -- reach over a whimper Morgan -- slide the flash drive from the computer . patel ( cont 'd ) of course , now I have a couple of loose end to tie up . he retrain the gun on sebastian , point blank ... audrey wait ! none of this be he fault , okay ? it 's mine . this be all I and Morgan . just tell the CIA that . sebastian audrey , no ... ( to Patel ) he 's not here on CIA business . he 's work for highland . patel please . highland work for I . and you will not believe how much the chinese mafia be offer I for this thing . and the Russian mafia . multiple mafias . 89 . sebastian so this be all about money ? patel money , justice , whatever you want to call it . I personally think it 's unjust that I risk death every day and sacrifice any shred of a personal life to make sixty five grand a year and wear a suit from Men 's wearhouse . and on that note , I 'il just finish you all and be on my way . as much fun as it 's be watch you kid play tinker tailor stoner spy . Patel wait for a reaction . nothing . audrey 's incredulous . audrey what , be you hope to get a laugh ? you be about to kill we . patel I be on the lampoon in college . whatever . I be funny . do not matter . Cause one thing 's mightier than the pen and it 's call a fuck handgun . for heckling I , princess , you die first . Patel move the gun to audreya temple ... hand on the trigger ... squeezing . squeezing . a tense final second , and -- Patel gasp and drop to the ground , dead ! the enormous finnish backpacker stand behind he . he lean down , pull he bloody knife from Patel 's back . sebastian Jesus ! audrey oh my God . Shell -shock , audrey rush to Morgan and unpeel the tape . they hug , both mess of emotion . morgan thank you . oh my God , thank you . enormous finnish backpacker this man be robbing we , yes ? sebastian yes . enormous finnish backpacker he might have steal angelika . 90 . he unzip he backpack . a giant yellow snake slither out . enormous finnish backpacker ( cont ’d ) just ignore she . she ’1ll take herself for a walk . he climb back into he bed , put the knife down on the sill , close he eye . the snake slither over Patel 's dead body . everyone be a little disgust . but they do not dare complain after what he just do for they . Morgan turn to sebastian . morgan so what now ? sebastian first , we have to move this body . int . flying pig youth hostel - lobby - night Morgan and audrey carry a blanket - wrap something -- it 's clearly a body -- through the lobby . sebastian in tow . there be just a couple of people there . they be all suspicious . sebastian ( v.o. ) just act like everything we be do be normal and no one will question it . people only suspect you when you look like you be try to hide something . smile . make eye contact . say hi . Morgan and audrey take the note too far , smile and say hello to every person they pass . a sleazy guy by the desk smile back at Morgan . give she a little nod - ' sup girl . ext . amsterdam STREET - night sebastian hot-wire a black sedan as audrey and Morgan ease Patel 's body into the trunk . sebastian ( v.o . ) we need a clean car . then we need to get out of the city . i/e. black sedan - night audrey drive . sebastian 's shotgun . Morgan in the back . audrey how do he find we ? sebastian we take every precaution . we use cash . no phone -- 91 . then audrey realize something . turn back to Morgan . Morgan quickly look out the window . audrey realize . audrey Morgan , do you call you parent ?! morgan I be sorry ! I just have to tell they I be okay ! I think maybe my dad find out about Roger and I do not want they to think I be dead so I get a burner phone at the gift shop and just say hey I be fine -- real fast -- then I throw it ina dumpster ! like on the Wire ! I think you could not track a call if it be less than two minute ! sebastian that 's not a thing anymore . morgan I realize that now . sebastian Morgan . listen to I . you can not do any more shit like that . you put all of we life in jeopardy . morgan I be sorry ! but it 's not like I be the only one of we who fuck up . sebastian who else fuck up ? morgan you leave the drive in the computer ? sebastian just for a second ! you be in the room ! where else would I put it ?! morgan what 's wrong with you ass ?! sebastian my ass ? I could not have do that with my arm like this ! I would not have be able to get the angle . audrey you could have ask one of we to help you insert it . I be in the bathroom with you . 92 . morgan yeah . I be sure audrey would have love to put something up you ass ! I be sure she still would . audrey ( redden ) not in a sexual way . just like , for the sake of mankind . ext . ndsm wharf , outside amsterdam - night a abandon industrial area by the waterfront under the cover of night . the girl fill Patel 's pocket with rock . the girl lower Patel into the water . as body slowly sink , a cell phone buzy . patel 's . it 's come from under the blanket . it 's on he . the girl freeze , set the body down . sebastian we need to check who he 's texting . audrey take a breath , and wade into the water . his dead face stare back at she . she wince , reach into he jacket , remove the phone before it get wet . slide to unlock it . audrey the phone need he thumbprint . morgan well ... there 's he thumb . audrey grab Patel 's dead arm . she press thumb to button . the phone unlock . there 's a text from a unknown number : '' text I when you get the package . '' audrey what do I say back ? who be he texting with ? sebastian let 's find out . tell they we have it and ask they where the drop be . she write back . a moment , then another buzz . '' bring it to operation albrecht . '' audrey what 's '' operation albrecht '' ? sebastian let 's check he email . 93. sebastian pull the drive and laptop from he bag . insert the drive , kneel on the dirty ground , laptop on he knee ... onscreen -- patel 's email . he search '' albrecht . '' sebastian ( cont ’d ) he 's be email with someone name '' Hunter pierce . '' morgan okay , so , a gay porn star . sebastian '' operation albrecht '' appear to be highland 's first plan assassination . they do not name the target , but it 's go down tomorrow night . there 's a gala at the Museum of german Technology in Berlin . text back and tell he you will be there with the drive . audrey shit . it lock again . audrey use Patel 's thumb again , reply . meanwhile -- sebastian wow , Patel have a lot of picture of he mom on here . on the screen -- photo of patel and a older woman . where they be both naked and making out . morgan ahh . not he mom ! not he mom ! audrey wait ! ( urgent ) that person 's gonna keep texting . we will need he thumb . then one they all exchange look . be already in the water . shore and smashes it on return the cold water , close on he hand as it there 's just one option and audrey she grab a Beer bottle from the a rock . holding the jagged glass , she over to Patel 's body , nearly under . sink . audrey grab it -- use the glass as a blade , cut patel 's thumb off . not much blood . she hold up the thumb to she cohort in victory . it 's disgusting , but we see audrey be also weirdly proud of herself . she really be a natural at this . 94 . ext . berlin - day the sun rise over Berlin . berlin , germany sebastian ( v.o . ) here 's the plan . the guest list for the gala include the canadian ambassador and he wife . audrey , you and I will pose as they . int . tegel airport , berlin - custom - day passenger deplane , hug family , pick up they bag . audrey ( v.o. ) wo not people know what they look like ? sebastian ( v.o. ) no . no one ever remember what Canadian look like ... they land at tegel Airport at 2 pm . at baggage claim -- a generically handsome man and he plain blond wife walk briskly towards ... a sign with they name on it : '' ambassador and mrs . mullicay . '' Pan up -- the driver holding it be morgan . in a hat and everything . morgan ( v.o. ) can I do a accent ? sebastian ( v.o. ) you do not need to . morgan ( v.o. ) Nah , I be gonna do a accent . I know what I be gonna do . '' to really inhabit a character , you must speak with they tongue . '' Stanislavsky . she take the couple 's carry - on . in a thick cockney accent : morgan ' ello . funny coincidence -- you two be from London , Ontario and I , I be from jolly Old London ! England . the Canadian be take aback . ext . tegel airport - parking garage roof - day Morgan lead they to a limo in a corner of the empty roof . it be not necessary to park this far . the Canadian exchange glance but do not say anything because they be canadian . 95 . int . limo - moment later Morgan turn on the engine and open the sunroof ... audrey -- suddenly on top of the car -- stick she head down into it ! the Canadian scream . Morgan feign SHOCK too . morgan oh my ! rascal ! ruffian ! begone ! audrey shoot the couple with tranq dart . they pass out . audrey have a nice nap , guy . sorry you will miss the party . int . german rest stop bathroom - day a dingy public bathroom . audrey dy her hair blond in the sink to match the canadian woman 's. Morgan dy she hair red . audrey do I look like she ? morgan yeah . do I look awesome ? audrey you look cute . morgan I just feel like for we friendship , we should be change we look at the same time . you to a canadian ambassador 's wife and I to a young julianne Moore . ext . deutsch technikmuseum berlin - night a stun modern glass - wall building with a golden plane on top . Fancy couple walk up a red carpet to the grand entrance , manned by security . from behind , we follow a man in a tuxedo , and a blond woman in a red satin dress and heel . we move around they ... it 's sebastian and audrey . they look amazing . throughout this sequence , sebastian , audrey and Morgan will be able to hear each other on earpiece . sebastian Morgan , be you in position ? ext . deutsch technikmuseum berlin - back door - intercut Morgan be dress in a lavender unitard . acrobat in match unitard stretch and warm up . Morgan stretch with they . 96 . morgan I be bear in position . audrey everyone be bear in position . that 's why they call it '' the fetal position . '' morgan oh , I just put that together . but yes . I be psyched about this . perform with cirque de Soleil be like , a top three dream . I be a cc.i.t. in acrobatics and clown at camp . it be competitive . sebastian once again , Morgan , you be not perform with the troupe . you job be to stay backstage and watch the surveillance . we have to locate the assassin . morgan what about just for one song ? sebastian no . Morgan longingly eye a lithe man do a warm - up back flip . morgan this be like take a thoroughbre to the kentucky derby and tell he , '' you have to stand here and watch the kentucky derby , horse . '' sebastian address the Marines in a perfect canadian accent . sebastian even ! honey , you have we passport ? audrey proffer the Canadian 's passport . the Marine survey they . look back to sebastian and audrey . a tense moment . then he wave they through . as they enter the party ... audrey that be a perfect canadian accent . sebastian I watch a lot of degrassi . audrey really ?! 97 . sebastian ( dumb bro accent ) naw -- it 's my training , dumbass . ( then ) that be my LA accent . audrey shut it . sebastian you look good as a blond , by the way . and be you wear lipstick ? hear this , morgan smile as she man -- int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , backstage - night -- a bank of security screen . guest move around the party . morgan what be I watch for exactly ? sebastian ( v.o. ) anyone you have see before . or anyone who look suspicious . but Morgan can not help but glance longingly at the unitard - clad cirque de Soleil performer as they frolic past the curtain to a stage set up in the atrium . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , locomotive room - same a vast room of german train car from various era . sebastian and audrey hold hand as they move through the crowd . audrey what constitute suspicious ? sebastian use you instinct . audrey I have great instinct . if I be attract to they , they be probably gonna get we kill . sebastian ( deadpan ) so , that guy might kill we ? sebastian point to a cheesy brazilian diplomat with a ponytail , in a white tux . audrey actually , my high school boyfriend Craig look like that . ( more ) 98 . audrey ( cont 'd ) interest include : family guy and finger-banging . usually at the same time . sebastian my girlfriend at uni kinda look like she . he point to a tiny vietnamese woman . audrey I have that phase in college too . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , backstage - intercut Morgan 's eye widen , see someone head towards the stage . morgan hey . I see someone very suspicious . sebastian okay . stay calm . describe he . reveal the man Morgan be talk about as she describe he . morgan he have a long twirly mustache . Big pointy scary eyebrow . he 's hold ... yeah , he 's hold a bag with a big dollar sign on it . sebastian and audrey glance at the stage . the mustache man be clearly the bad guy in the cirque de Soleil show . sebastian I think that guy 's part of the show . audrey yeah , I do not know that a actual bad guy would look like a evil Mr. Monopoly . morgan I be gonna go with my gut on this . Morgan join the acrobat head for the stage . she keep she eye on mustache man as she climb the trapeze . the man be miming and twirling he mustache . as Morgan get to the top ... he open he dollar sign bag and confetti pour out on to the crowd . morgan ( cont 'd ) wait . you know what ? I think you might be right . 99 . audrey notice a couple across the room . she grab sebastian . audrey oh my God . sebastian what ? audrey Tom and Marsha . or whatever the fuck they name be . Drew 's fake parent . they be the assassin . sure enough , '' Tom and '' Marsha '' -- also dress formally , blend in -- stand at the bar . glam outfit . finally look like the chameleonic agent they really be . " Marsha '' spot they . she tap '' Tom . '' the couple stare at each other for a intense moment across the room ... just as a group of people pass between they . when the sea open up again , '' Tom '' and '' Marsha '' be go . sebastian Morgan , get down . I have be blow . Morgan laugh . sebastian ( cont ’d ) this be not funny . morgan oh God , I know . I know . ( beat ) but you just say '' I have be blow . '' she laugh again . sebastian shake he head . sebastian okay , both of you . stay together and in plain sight until I get back . ( then , to audrey ) you put the drive somewhere safe ? audrey yes . very safe . sebastian be it in ... the same place as last time ? audrey you 'il have to find out . she flinch . that come out way too forward . audrey stammer . 100 . audrey ( cont 'd ) I mean , not '' you will see '' as in ... I just mean I x11 tell you later ... whatever , just go ! as sebastian hurry off , also blush a little . int . trapeze - same Morgan turn to descend the ladder when she see someone across the way , on the opposite acrobat landing . nadedja . face bandage but wear a unitard like it be make for she . Morgan mutter to herself : morgan oh my God . that girl . a male acrobat behind she pipe up , also stare at nadedja . male acrobat I know . butterface , right ? nadedja see they . Morgan grab the trapeze . it 's go down . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , hallway - night sebastian hurry to the edge of the ballroom -- a big door into a back hallway ... manned by a security guard . sebastian think fast -- pretend not to see the guard as he pull a pack of cigarettes from he jacket , try to hurry past . security guard rauchen verboten ! no smoking ! Sir ! but sebastian 's on the other side of he now . he play dumb , step back . the guard follow . now they be behind the door . sebastian sorry . filthy habit , I know . ( conspiratorially ) want one ? security guard Sir , I do not smoke . sebastian I neither . I neither . sebastian touch the unlit cigarette to the guard 's neck . bzzzzzt . it 's a taser . the guard attempt to grab sebastian as he fall ... knock out sebastian 's ear piece . sebastian ( cont 'd ) shit. 101 . he scan the floor but can not find it in the shadowy darkness . fuck it . he have to move . sebastian hurry down the hallway . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , locomotive room - night back in the crowded ballroom . audrey stand alone in the crowd . patel 's phone vibrate in she hand . a new text : '' in position . where be you ? '' audrey sebastian ? they just texted I ... sebastian ? silence . audrey start to get nervous . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , aviation room - same sebastian enter a dark room full of impose german plane . he look around . no one in sight . thunk ! a propeller come out of nowhere and knock he from behind . sebastian collapse , pass out . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin - same audrey stare at the phone . still no response . tries again . audrey sebastian , what 's go on ? audrey inhale . she 's gonna have to do this herself . she subtly reach into she bag and pull out she tube of lipstick . take the cap off ... twist it . patel 's thumb spiral up . audrey shudder a little as she use it unlock the phone . send a text . she text : '' I do not see you '' she get another text : '' ship room '' audrey take a deep breath . as she cross to the exit , she stumble over the fallen guard . beside he , sebastian 's '' cigarettes . '' audrey pick they up , hurry down the hall . pre - lap loud cheering ... int . atrium , trapeze - same the crowd goe wild as '' butterface '' guy do a impressive back - flip . on the landing ... close on morgan . she 's next . Morgan 's entire life have be building to this moment . Morgan jump from the landing , swinging a hundre feet in the AIR ! 102 . nadedja do the same , swinging from the other side . crash ! the woman meet in the middle . nadedja deal the first blow -- kicking morgan in the stomach . Morgan swing back , stick she feet out , careen back into nadedja . knock she back . the crowd cheer , unaware this be for real . love it . despite that it 's life or death , Morgan be exhilated too . int . ship room - night audrey enter a room of century - old ship . she step to the middle of room . silence . then -- she see a shadow move . audrey freeze . the figure keep move toward she . and finally emerge into the light ... it’s drew . holy shit . it 's fucking drew ! audrey what the fuck ? drew oh my God ! audrey ! he seem overjoy to see she . audrey 's mind be blow . audrey so wait , you be not ... ? drew Dead ? yeah . that be a surprise to I too , after what happen . audrey but i_saw you get shot . you be bleed . you be dead . I think . you be not dead ? drew I be right on the edge . but the bullet miss my vital organ . I wake up in a military hospital . audrey but on the news ... Morgan and I be like , want for you murder . drew you be not . that 's how the CIA 's be try to find you . they lie . but they do not want to hurt you . they be try to keep you alive . that 's why I be here . to save you . ( beat ) and stop henshaw . 103 . audrey sebastian ? he 's be help we . drew audrey , have you hear of highland ? audrey yeah ... drew that 's who sebastian 's work for . he 's the assassin . audrey so who 's the target ? drew me. I be . he 's be use you to get to I . and it work . audrey ( wait ? what ? ) that do not make sense . sebastian know I think you be dead . and I see Patel try to kill he . and Patel admit he work with highland . and I have be texting with the assassin with sebastian right next to I , so how -- drew hey . can we like , stop with the question for a second ? I be just ... I almost die a few day ago . I think I would never see you again . can I just give you a hug ? but when he step toward she , audrey reflexively step back . drew ( cont 'd ) audrey ... audrey sorry . I be just on edge . people have be try to kill I all week . I know that 's like , all in a day 's work for you but I work at Trader Joe 's ... drew you must have be so scared . ugh , the think of anyone try to hurt you ... audrey flinch . this triggers something for she . audrey you hurt I , Drew . a lot . 104 . drew I know I do . and I be so sorry ... audrey you lie to I about everything . you let I think I be meeting you parent and they be not you parent . drew they be the people I have be hide from . when they find I in LA , I know my cover be blow . and it be just easier to ... make something up ... I know if I tell you the truth , it would lead to question I could not answer . audrey be that why you break up with I by text message ? because it be too hard to tell I the truth ? you say you love I . be that a lie too ? drew no ! I do love you . I do love you . even more now that we can finally be honest with each other . this be everything audrey be wait for . especially when -- drew ( cont 'd ) ( playful ) audrey stockman , I love you as much as I hate that fuck crash test dummy song . audrey smile . letting she guard down a little . play back : audrey which crash test dummy song be you refer to , Drew ? Cause there be so many . I do not remember any one in particular . drew shut up . audrey no really , I be gonna need you to jog my memory . Cause I have all they album and there be just , a lot of track . and bonus track . drew I hate you . I know I just say I love you but I also hate you . 105 . audrey if you could maybe just sing a couple bar . how do it go ? Drew shake he head . he know what he have to do . and then , in a deep bass - baritone , Drew start serenade audrey . drew once , there be this girl who ... off audrey -- a captive audience in spite of herself . int . atrium , trapeze - same Morgan struggle to hang on to the trapeze with one hand as -- nadedja swing across ... slam both she foot into the arm that 's hold on . Morgan 's finger slip ... but she regains she balance , tighten she fist . reaches up with the other hand , steady herself , swing back towards wait nadedja -- Morgan kick nadedja at full force . it just make nadedja mad . from behind she unitard , nadedja pull a gun . the crowd keep cheer . assume it 's part of the show . until ... nadedja fire -- Morgan lets go of the trapeze -- sail through the air , just miss the bullet . it hit a acrobat on the far platform . the acrobat fall backward , dead . he hit the floor , at the crowd 's foot . slam . the crowd be stunne . as they realize what 's really go on -- morgan sail onto nadedjam trapeze ... landing on top of nadedja -- she leg wrap around nadedja 's neck . nadedja tip backwards under the weight ... just as morgan manage to grab the trapeze by the tip of she finger . nadedja flail , try to get a grip . but Morgan block she . nadedja fall , fall , fall -- slam . she hit the floor from a hundred foot , at the crowd 's foot . people be now fully scream . nadedja be finally dead . Morgan swing safely above , watch from she perch . catch she breath . Holy fuck shit . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin , ship room - same Drew be now stand close to audrey . lean against a old ship just like they lean against that jukebox at barcade . 106 . drew ... when I wake up in that hospital and I do not know where you be , or if you be even alive ... audrey I know . I know . when that guy shot you ... it be so fuck horrible . audrey choke back tear a little . the adrenaline she 's be run on for day give way to the raw emotion she have tamped down . she try to fight it but Drew 's not blind . drew hey. kiddo . the term of endearment just make audrey more emotional . Drew put he arm around she and hold she close . audrey tentatively let he . in he arm , she relax . she 's be want this for month . they embrace for a moment . then ... drew ( cont 'd ) ooh , what 's this ? Drew pull the taser cigarettes stick out of she purse . drew ( cont 'd ) you get some spy gadget ? audrey shut up . drew what else you get here , Jane bond ? he toss the cigarettes aside and gently take audrey 's bag off she shoulder . start rifling through . drew ( cont 'd ) when have you start wear lipstick ? audrey uh , I would not open that . he do anyway . find Patel 's thumb . drew wow . a thousand guess and I never would have land on thumb . audrey laugh as Drew return to the purse . rifles quick now -- less playful . audrey get a weird feel . audrey hey . the drive be not in there . 107 . drew what ? no! audrey ... he stop rummage . put a hand on audrey 's shoulder . drew ( cont 'd ) ( too fast , less genuine ) we be in this together ! we just have to get out of here . trust I . we can go anywhere you want . you pick . China ? you love chinese food . can you imagine what they can do with a breakfast burrito over there with that moo shu pancake ? audrey you say not to trust anyone . they lock eye for a second . drew touché. then the door open . '' tom '' and '' marsha '' drag in a cuffed , groggy sebastian . audrey oh my God ! sebastian ... audrey rush toward he . drew audrey . he 's with they . '' marsha " oh look ! we be all together again . just like the cheesecake Factory . sebastian fuck , you hit I hard . I be hallucinate . audrey no , it 's Drew . he 's still alive . sebastian audrey ... get away from he . now . he 's gonna kill all of we . audrey funny , he just say the same thing about you . we can see audrey really do not know who to trust . 108 . int . deutsch technikmuseum berlin hallway - night Morgan rush down the hall , frantically look for sebastian and audrey . int . ship room - night the other , as before . '' Tom '' turn to Drew impatiently . '' tom '' all right , thayer , we give hima full check . drive 's not on he . can we remove the target now ? audrey ( to Drew ) wait , you say you be the target . you say you be operation albrecht . '' Marsha '' point she gun at audrey 's head . audrey be terrified . then drew pull out a gun as well ... audrey scream ... but he do not shoot she . he shoot marsha . bam . '' tom '' lunge for the door but Drew get he too . bam . '' Tom '' fall back , on to a ancient anchor . it impale he head . Brain matter everywhere . audrey shake , try not to wretch . audrey ( cont 'd ) oh my god ... drew it 's okay , audrey . I be right here . no one else matter right now . he turn the gun on sebastian . audrey Drew , do not ! sebastian ( calmly ) audrey , listen to I . Drew have be work with Patel . drew sebastian be work with Patel . sebastian audrey , you see Patel try to kill I yesterday . he 's the one who send that assassin after you in Belgium . Drew be gonna let that happen . he would have let you die . drew sebastian send the assassin to Belgium . 109 . sebastian okay . everything I say you do , you can not just say I do . drew I can do whatever I want ! I be the one with the gun . he turn to audrey . meanwhile , audrey notice morgan slip into the room . no one else see she ... Morgan spot drew . shocking . but she stop herself from make any noise . the girl share a meaningful look . Morgan tiptoe into the ship beside Drew . drew ( cont 'd ) that night we meet ... change my life . I be drive by that bar and I see you . walk . and I be like , wherever that girl 's go , that 's where I want to be . audrey so that 's why you go into barcade ? because you see I ? drew I would have follow you anywhere . there be just something magnetic . I know this be cheesy but it feel like kismet . it feel like fate . audrey really ? Cause I think we be be totally honest with each other . you go to barcade to assassinate the bartender . and suddenly , audrey put it all together . audrey ( cont 'd ) wait . Hunter pierce , from that email . that be Ryan phillippe 's character in that terrible '' marked target '' movie you make I watch . and '' albrecht '' . that 's theo albrecht . founder of Trader Joe 's . you come here to assassinate ... I . siren approach outside . Drew snap . drew oh my God , I forget how fuck annoying you be . fuck this shit . Drew shoot sebastian , who fall backwards . audrey try to move to he but Drew be now point the gun at she . 110 . drew ( cont 'd ) where 's the fuck drive ? audrey I will tell you , okay ? but there 's one thing you need to know first . Morgan like to set thing on fire . drew what be you talk about ? audrey Morgan like to set thing on fire . int . ship - same Morgan crouch behind a SMALL ship 's cannon , aim it at Drew . she use the cigarette taser he toss aside to light the fuse . amazingly , it work . bam ! int . ship room - same a cannonball sail from the ancient cannon across the room ... nowhere near drew . it arc through the air -- crash through the glass window . smash ! it land on a park car outside . a car alarm sound . bystander yell -- what the fuck ? Drew turn to audrey , he charming smile now condescending . drew Nice shot . great plan , audrey . he aim he gun at audrey 's head . int . ship - same panick , she pick up a softball - size cannonball -- heavy as hell . but she fling it with every bit of she strength . int . ship room - continuous the cannonball conk Drew on the head . hard . he weave . he fall . he drop he gun -- audrey scramble for the gun . as do Drew . as she get closer he reach for she leg . she fall . Drew pull she as audrey reach and stretch for the gun . she kick -- get he a few time in the face -- but Drew hold on . she ... grab it just as -- Drew get up and leap on top of she . they struggle -- audrey point she gun at Drew but do not shoot as Drew pull the gun from she by the barrel . 111 . then bam . she shoot . there 's a big bloody gaping hole in he hand . she stand and aim at the now fall Drew . drew bitch ! you blow my fuck hand off ! Morgan run to audrey from the ship as Drew continue wail . morgan Jesus , how be you still alive ? drew fuck you . I never like you . morgan feeling 's mutual , dick . audrey ( to Drew ) she try to tell I you be full of shit . should have listen . siren light flash from right outside . the cop be come . sound of commotion as police descend on the building . audrey stay still and strong , gun steady , train on Drew . drew you be run out of time . kill I . that 's what I would do . audrey I be sure it be . but I be a better person than you . you reveal you true self . this be mine . the german police burst in ! audrey calmly put the gun down and nod to they . take he . as the polizei circle Drew , they try to cuff he but can only manage he non- destroy hand . audrey ( cont 'd ) to quote a text message I get once : '' hey there -- it 's over . sorry . '' another officer help sebastian to he feet . he 's okay -- he be wear a bullet proof vest . audrey rush up . audrey ( cont 'd ) what ?! I do not know you have bullet - proof vest ! sebastian I just have the one . 112 . audrey you know , I would have feel a little more comfortable if I also have a bullet - proof vest . so much for you protect I . sebastian you protect yourself . audrey smile . he 's right , on a number of level . ext . deutsch technikmuseum berlin - night Chaos . the place be surrounded by police car . the polizei haul Drew into one just as sebastian and audrey step outside . security guard ambassador ? ma ’am ? do you need a ambulance ? audrey ( demure , canadian ) oh no . we be fine , thanks . we just have to leave ... emergency back home ... we hockey team be sick . Morgan run out after they . as she pass the guard : morgan cirque de Soleil be also from Canada . so I know they . ext . landwehr canal - night we heroes walk down the gorgeous riverside bike path , away from the fucking chaos behind they . morgan sebastian ... can I see you phone ? he hand it over . Morgan dial as they walk . morgan ( cont 'd ) Mom ! get dad ! yeah , I know , I be call from this international spy 's phone ... sebastian henshaw . sebastian can you not reveal my identity ? audrey she tell they everything . she 's not allow to lie . morgan now I do not have to . ( beat ) ( more ) 113 . morgan ( cont 'd ) guess what , guy ?! I just go to a museum . beep . call wait . morgan ( cont 'd ) ugh . hang on a second . int . CIA paris station , wendy'' office - night - intercut Wendy sit at she desk , on the phone . wendy Nice job , henshaw . we find the correspondence between thayer , Patel and highland ... I be sorry I question you loyalty . behind she , Wendy 's adorable son ( 6 ) hand she a cute draw . wendy ( cont ’d ) what 's this suppose to be ? a dog ? a cat ? it look like a piece of shit . ( then , into phone ) destroy that drive . then come in . morgan I will give he the message . I be just kinda on the other line right now . Morgan hang up on Wendy . Wendy stare at the phone . that be a first . Morgan sebastian . morgan ( cont 'd ) CIA lady say destroy the drive . ( then , to she parent ) okay , and what do the Doctor say about you cholesterol ? on sebastian and audrey -- sebastian so Drew do not get the drive . audrey you say put it somewhere safe . ( then ) Morgan , give I the thing . Morgan , still on the phone , fish the drive from she cleavage . hand it to audrey . then Morgan notice a man come she way , carry flower . edward snowden . 114 , morgan the fuck ... I x11 call you back . ( hang up ) Eddie ... how have you know I be here ? edward snowden I know everything that have happen and everything that 's go to happen . ( then , flirty ) want to know what 's gonna happen right now ? morgan uh , sure . Edward snowden produce two theater ticket from he pocket . edward snowden you be come with I to see guy and doll at the admiralspalast . then a bottle of ice-cold riesling . and then maybe we can repeat what happen last time after we see guy and doll together at camp . morgan ... or another idea be we can just go see guy and doll as friend . edward snowden should have know that be gonna happen . back on audrey and sebastian . stare at the drive . sebastian you can do the honors . audrey smile . then snap the drive in half . she hurl the piece off the bridge . audrey can not they just make another one ? sebastian it 's they software . they can make this whenever they want . that 's where the world be head anyway . total transparency . everyone want to know everything . audrey ( shrugging ) I still think it 's better to give people the chance to show you who they be . on they own term . 115 . sebastian safe to say you have do that . a sweet , intimate silence ... then audrey and sebastian finally kiss . we leave they in peace , pull out to the Berlin night ... six month later int . silver lake trader joe 's - day audrey 's back at the register , still with she blond hair . and there 's another big difference : she look happy to be here as she ring up a customer . the next customer step up ... tess . tess oh my God , audrey ! you blond hair be so fun ! ( then , pity ) I do not know you still work here . audrey hey tess ! yeah , you know , I realize this job be actually perfect for I . it 's easy , it 's not too stressful , I can save my energy for my real passion . and you can not beat the flexibility . tess be take aback . audrey 's cell buzy with a text . audrey ( cont 'd ) speak of which , they need I in the supply room ! God I love when I have to get supplies . int . trader joe' supply room - day audrey work quickly -- stealthily remove a cinder block from the wall -- pull out a fake passport , foreign money , etc . as skilled as Drew be at this . ext . trader joe 's parking lot - day audrey move fast toward the corner of the lot where the same black van she be interrogate in be park . this time , audrey confidently slide the door open and dive in without hesitation . the van glide away . 116 . ext . shibuya , tokyo - late night the unmistakable neon hub of Tokyo 's popular nightlife area . as we move to a side street , push into a dark basement club -- tokyo , japan int . shibuya karaoke club - night dimly light except for garish flash neon light . we follow -- audrey -- now in a stun gold cocktail dress -- as she confidently wind through a pack , intoxicate crowd . approach a expressionless clerk at a host stand . clerk ( japanese ) reservation ? audrey 's about to give she name when the sound of glass shatter cut the air . the clerk -- and everyone else -- turn , distract by the drunk couple who just knock over a huge stack of glass ... it 's morgan . with a japanese businessman . make a huge scene . seemingly oblivious to audrey . morgan ( to the businessman ) oh my God akira you be a mess ! ( to the bartender ) barkeep ! two more yakuzas please ! or wait , whatever this whiskey be call . yakuza be the thing you be in , right ? oh wait , shit , be that a secret ? unattend now , audrey subtly reach behind the host stand and press a button . a door behind the stand click . unlocked . audrey head for it , when -- man ( 0.s. ) miss ? Excuse I ! miss ! this stop audrey dead . she slowly turn ... it 's sebastian . at the bar behind she . holding out a gold purse that match audrey 's dress . audrey oh ! silly I . must have drop that . they share a private , know , look , then she keep move . 117 . int . hallway - moment later ... audrey remove a gun from the purse as she stride down the hall , solo . drop the purse in the trash as she arrive -- at the end of the hall . another door . Inside , muffle voice conspire , up to no good . audrey take a deep breath . as she cock the gun and kick the door open , we -- smash to black . the end