the good girl written by Mike White justine ( v.o. ) as a girl , you see the world like a giant candy store , fill with sweet candy and such . but one day you look around and see a prison and you be on death row . you wanna run , or scream or cry . but something 's lock you up . be the other folk cow , chew cud till the hour come and they head roll ? or be they just keep quiet , like you ... Planning they escape ? ( camera zoom on Holden / Tom ) gwen on you leave , honey . justine what 's that cashier 's name ? gwen can not say . justine when do he start work here ? gwen do not know . yesterday ? justine who be he ? gwen do not know . can not say . justine what be you do ? gwen it 's call work , princess . kind of fun . you might want to give it a go someday . < hr / > cheryl attention , shopper . there 's a retail rodeo special on aisle three . liquid drain cleaner . two 12 - ounce can for $ 5 . liquid drain cleaner have churn power and will churn right through you pipe . lady , shove something clean and new up you filthy pipe . liquid drain cleaner on aisle three . have a good day and thank you for shopping at retail rodeo . corny hey , Justine . can I talk to you for a second ? justine yeah . corny I be just curious . have you ever be to a Bible study ? justine yeah . corny we get a good one go on every Wednesday at the first Church of nazarine . rodney come , benita come . you get any interest in read the Bible ? justine I have my own , you know , belief . corny we do not preach fire and brimstone . just the ten commandment . we’re not interested in scare people . we’re about loving Jesus . justine I kinda like my night to myself . corny well , maybe you will have night of eternal hellfire to yourself . just kid you . drive safe . justine bye-bye . < hr / > bubba hey , Justine . phil hey , teeny . how be you day ? justine the same . how be yours ? bubba the wind be flipping paint in we eye . phil paint sting . feel like I have be attack by hornet in my eyeball . justine bubba , stand up . bubba why ? justine for Christ 's sake . look at that couch , phil . y'all get paint all over it . this be not gonna come off . damn it , phil . < hr / > tv reporter ... include this gorgeous eggplant ... phil I think we get most of it out . justine you two be stone . you , keep fry you brain liike that , you will slip off a ladder and crack open you head bone . you do really stupid thing when you be high , phil . phil like what ? justine like sit on my couch with you big blue ass . everything just turn to shit . you finally get nice thing , then everything just get mess up . why be this tv buzzing ? phil it 's the wind do that . they the wind 's come in different lately . justine different from what ? < hr / > justine what you read ? holden catcher in the rye’ I be name after it . justine what 's you name ? catcher ? holden Holden . after Holden caulfield . he 's the main character . justine what 's he do ? holden he 's put upon by society . hypocrisy of the world . justine I notice that you be , uh , not very social . holden I be a writer . justine what do you write ? holden novel , play , screenplays , storey , poetry . gwen ( to customer ) that 's good . Justine will be right with you . where be she ? justine I better go . what happen at the end of you book ? holden oh , he have a nervous breakdown . go to a mental hospital . < hr / > gwen you do not get pay to pick you crack . you get pay to work . justine I be not sure I can do makeover . gwen oh , come on ! a little pancake , eyeliner , mascara , rouge on the cheek and powder it up . then you take a moist tissue , roll it in a ball and toss it in they face ! jeez , Louise ... I be talk to a tree stump ! girl , where be you ?! justine sorry , I ’m just a little tired . gwen it 's the food you eat , Justine . look at I . I be 10 year older than you and have 10 time you energy . Cause I do not eat meat and I do not eat dairy . it 's probably why you can not get pregnant , honey . and why you have that hang - jaw look on you face . it 's the cheese in you pizza and the chicken in you salad . justine I go to the doctor . he say I be fertile . he say I could repopulate the entire planet . gwen then what 's the deal here ? do he say you get enough vitamin ? justine he do not say . < hr / > phil you could make paint where , at different angle , the house be different colour . you stand at the front door and the house be red . you stand at the street and the house be green . or you could make , like , a invisible paint . make the whole house disappear . bubba what would be really neat be a paint that could change the molecular structure of a house , like a chemical acid deal . phil what do you think , teeny ? justine I think you two be a pair of pothead . < hr / > cheryl you get a whole one of this or a half ? customer that oneright there . cheryl you do not bring this into the store ? customer no . cheryl well then , I will charge you for it . this be a hand lotion . so do not put it anywhere else , even if you need lubrication . we try to keep frivolous lawsuit to a minimum , unless , ofcourse , the customer be at fault . here 's you change and fuck you very much . customer Excuse I ? cheryl thank you very much . < hr / > gwen good as new , I will tell ya , good as new . justine now , you might be interested in purchase some of the product I use today ... customer oh , I be not buy anything today . gwen well , that would be a mistake . this be bargain price . customer I do not bring my purse . < hr / > justine I hate my job . holden that make two of we . justine I hate everyone here . I hate gwen . I do not know what the hell she 's so happy about . I be sorry I do not understand why maniac get shotgun and shoot everybody to piece . holden maybe you be a maniac . justine maybe so . you know you be lip be real pouty , like a woman . and how you eye droop off to the side . how old be you ? holden twenty two . justine I be a old lady next to you . holden how old be you ? justine how old do you think ? holden I do not know . justine I be thirty year old . holden how long you be workin ' here for ? justine forever and a day ! < hr / > justine you do not have a car ? holden oh , I live right down the street . justine well , you can ride in here , there 's room . < hr / > holden you wanna come in ? justine I do not know . I be in a funk . holden well , I be not gonna beg ya . < hr / > holden I will be in my room . mother okay , Tom . < hr / > justine they call you Tom ? holden it 's my slave name . Holden 's what I call myself . this be my room . justine not aolt to look at . what be you folk like ? holden they be okay . they do not get I . I mean , they be alright . justine my husband do not get I . holden since when do you have a husband ? justine since seven year . he 's a painter . holden what 's he paint ? justine house . he 's a pig . he talk but he do not think . you go to college ? holden um , I have to drop out . I have a problem with drinkin ' and stuff . I will go back . I just gotta prove to my parent that I can fly staright . you go to college ? justine no , I be afraid I would lose phil if I go . now that would be reason enough to go . I see you in the store and I like how you keep to yourself . I can see in you eye that you hate the world . I hate it too . you know what I be talkin ' about ? < hr / > justine after livin in the dark for so long a glimspe of the light can make you giddy . strange think come into you head and you would better think them . have a special fate be callin ' you and you not listenin ? be there a secret message right in front you , and you be not read it ? be this you last , best chance ? be you gonna take it ? or be you goin ' to the grave with unlive life in you vain ? ( tv conversation ) phil teeny , you be pretty . bubba , be not teeny pretty ? bubba I have see better , I have see worse . Nah . that 's why I be not never marry . you get yourself the best fish in the sea . phil I wonder what it would be like to be a woman . all that smooth skin and long hair . bubba if I be a woman , I would be a slut . a lesbian slut . justine gwen say smokin ' marijuana lower you sperm . phil lower it to where ? justine maybe you be the infertile one 'round here . maybe every time you smoke a little dooby , you be killin ' we unborn child . < hr / > gwen alright , close . justine why you limping . holden I twisted up my ankle on the stair . I be wonderin' , maybe you could give I a ride home ? justine yeah , sure okay . holden alright I will talk to you about it later . gwen all I know be , everyone should have one beau , before anyone have two beaus . justine he 's not my beau , he 's my friend . cheryl happy Halloween retail rodeo shopper ! there 's a retail rodeo special on all bulk candy on aisle four . ghoul and goblin , witch and warlock , wander this aisle , day after day . I will put a Halloween curse on you . < hr / > gwen night corny . happy Halloween . corny well I be not a pagan but thanks all the same . gwen which ankle do you twist , Holden ? holden my , uh , leave . gwen maybe you should put some cold water on it so it do not sweel up and inflame . holden okay . < hr / > justine you be a writer so you have yourself a goal . I use to lie in bed and imagine other city , other job I could have . other husband . now I do not even know what to imagine anymore . Holden , I have a husband . holden you say he be a pig . justine well , Holden . I do not want to hurt anybody . < hr / > ( tv sound ) phil I be think about what you be sayin ' about my sperm bein ' low . I mean , I know I get good sperm . it 's baby - makin sperm . I suppose it could not hurt to have it confirm by a expert . justine oh who give a shit , who need a f&amp ; $ % ' baby around here anyways ? if you wanna make yourself useful , why do not you get that goddamn tv fix ?! phil what the hell ? justine it sound like a helicopter be landin ' in here . < hr / > gwen you want a blackberry , honey ? a man be sellin' them on the road . justine no thank you . corny this be for you Justine . it 's from Holden . justine well where be he ? corny he 's get the day off . he come by this morning with it . justine thanks . corny do not mention it . hey , gwen . gwen hey sugar . holden dear Justine . because of you I will be quit the retail rodeo . the last two day have be the most god - awful day of my life . I have not be able to get rid of you in my head . I never want anything so bad , and I have want many thing . I would give up long ago on be get by someone else , and then you come along . the idea of be get , because of circumstance , will never get get be the worst feel I have ever feel , and I have feel many bad feeling . I be sorry I can never see you again , Justine , forgive I for be so weak , but that be who I be . Goodbye , Holden wurther . if for some reason , you could change you mind and want to be with I , body and soul , meet I after work . I will be wait for you at five pm outside Chuck e.cheese . if you be not there at five , you will never see I in you lifetime . justine gwen ? what 's wrong ? gwen I be okay . I feel a little sick . < hr / > justine gwen ? gwen you sick ? jack Justine ? Justine what 's goin ' on in here ? gwen , you sick ? we gotta get she to a hospital . Justine you drive she . justine well what time be it ? jack it 's aquarter to five . why , you gotta be somewhere ? < hr / > justine gwen ? gwen oh , I have a dream . I have dream that I sproute a beard make of bean sprout . justine I be gonna let you off here , okay ? gwen okay , you will meet I inside ? justine yeah , you know what I be gonna do ? I be gonna park the car , then I be gonna meet you inside . gwen okay . you a doll . < hr / > holden hey . oh god , I be really glad you come . justine I just ditch gwen at the hospital . holden oh god , thank god . justine where be we goin ' ? holden let 's go to my house . justine no , with you folk there ? holden let 's just park somewhere . justine this be not well plan . holden look . I do not know . I do not care I just wanna hold you . < hr / > HOTEL guy that 's fourty five dollar even . and I need you to fill this out for I . < hr / > ( Justine and Holden be in the hotel room and make love . ) < hr / > ( after the make love ) justine I can not do it . holden we will be back here before you know it . justine I do not wanna ... I do not wanna go . holden Justine . I be yours . I be all yours . ( they kiss ) < hr / > phil hey . jutsine hey . phil be you be ? justine gwen get real sick today . she be throwin ' up all over the store . I have to take she to the hositpal , and sit with she . phil do she sick up on you ? justine no . phil do she sick up on anybody ? ( chuckle ) justine it 's not funny , phil , this be serious . I be gonna go up there tomorrow too . and the next day . < hr / > jack Justine ? what happen to you ? justine what ? jack I go down to St. Catherine 's to check up on gwen . I look all over for you , she be askin ' for you . justine well , how be she ? jack she be heavin ' up until there be nothin ' leave to heave . Doctor say she must have eat something ' with some kind of parasite in it or something ' . justine I bet it be that blackberry . jack they be gonna keep she in there until she get better so you be gonna have to supervise cosmetics . < hr / > ( there they go again ) justine stop it , somebody 's gonna see ! holden who care , I do not care . I crave you . I wanna know everything about you . who be you ? justine I be just this woman . I move to Texas when I be eleven . my daddy be in the Air Force . holden I wanna knock open you head and see what 's inside . I have have so much pain in my life . I know you have too , I can see it . < hr / > ( at the hotel , in bed , probably after they make love ) justine Holden give I two of he storey to read . it 's like what a story would be . I be about a boy who be put upon , he mother be cold and selfish , and he father want he to play football . other people do not get he , especially girl . then the boy come to believe no one can ever really know he . so he start actin ' out , drinkin ' , and doin ' all kind of drug . at the end the boy kill himself but jumpin ' over abridge . the second story be pretty much the same as the first . except at the end , the boy kill himself by drinkin ' a bottle of bug poison . justine you storey be intense . holden I just wanna leave some kind of legacy . somethin ' great . after that I do not care what happen to I . justine do not say that . I wish there be a story about I . I do not know who would read it though . holden I would . justine I like this . I like havin ' a secret . you give I a secret Holden . holden seee , now that you meet I you be mysterious . and dark and twisted . justine I be go to hell , be not I ? holden yes , you be . ( she roll on top of he and they kiss ) < hr / > ( they exit the hotel and Justine see a car ) justine that 's bubba 's truck . get in the car . phil take that truck to work everyday . bubba pick he up , and drop he off . why , why would that truck be park there ? holden I do not know . justine if he find out about we .... holden I will not let he hurt you . justine he 's big , Holden . he will kill you . he will beat I , but he will kill you . holden you can not worry about something ' that have not even happen yet . justine I gotta go to the hospital . holden okay . ( lean in to kiss she ; she pull away ) justine do not ! I mean he could be followin ' we . < hr / > corny Justine ! poor lady . she just pass . justine who ? corny gwen ! she just pass away . justine what do you mean ? I think she have a stomach ache ? corny it get worse . she be on life support all day . justine I do not understand . corny it 's God 's will , Justine . no one can understand it . it be just gwen 's time to fly away home . ( Justine look guilty and shocked ) < hr / > justine gwen die today . phil what ? be you kiddin ? what for ? justine parasite . somethin ' she eat . phil you okay ? justine where be you this afternoon ? phil paintin ' on bovery . why ? justine what time do bubba bring you home ? phil we knock off early ' bout four . bubba have a date with a stewardess , why ? justine oh . I can not believe she 's dead . I be not a very good friend to she . phil do not say that , teeny . ' course you be . ' course you be . < hr / > jack retail rodeo employee this be Jack field , you store manager . before we open today , I just want to share some terrible and shocking news . one of we best employee , gwen Jackson , die yesterday . gwen be a real class act . she have a good attitude , she have idea . we be all gonna miss she . now , if any of y'all need to collect you thought and remember gwen . gwen , then today 's the day . you will be excuse from work and we will just have to do without you . gwen , this one 's for you . ( music come over PA ) < hr / > justine Holden have the notion to go to gabler 's Creek , skinny dippin ' and makin ' love . he say we would be like Adam and Eve , rollin ' around around in the stick and the dirt and bein ' one with nature . he be so fix on the idea thateven when the cloud start rollin ' in , and the sky be gettin ; dark , he keep on swimmin' . all my thought turn to death . I think of gwen 's body , rottin ' away . I think of how nice a person she be , so full of life and good will . if there be a heaven , gwen would be there . givin ' makeover and offerin ' up helpful advice . I think if I die today , what would happen to I ? a hateful girl . a selfish girl . a adultress . a liar . < hr / > ( Justine and Holden be run towards the car and get in ) < hr / > ( next scene they be in the car ; back seat , kissing ) justine what be we doin' ? holden makin ' one out of two . justine ( sigh ) I have not think this through . holden Justine , will you leave he ? justine and go where ? holden away . with you on my arm , my folk will think I have change . they will stop thinkin ' I be suck a loner , I get a girlfriend , a pretty one , who know I and like I . and they will be so happy , they will give I money to write my novel . justine but where will we go ? holden we will be like ... catcher in the Rye . only by I . I will be immortal and then like jd salinger I will just vanish . < hr / > phil hey , teeny . we have be up to no good . we get the day off on account of the rain . justine I think you might . ( tv sound ) bubba so I hear about you friend bein ' dead , and all . I be sorry . justine yeah . she be real healthy too . bubba well , at least you be with she when she go . ( intense voice and look ) ai not that right ? you be ... with she , when she go ? justine yeah . phil oh , I wish it would rain every day from here on out . never have to paint again . < hr / > jack hey Justine . how you hold up ? justine Fine . jack Real shocker . I decide to move Cheryl over to cosmetics . she get a little too creative on the p.a . maybe she will watch she p 's and q 's over here . if not she 's out on she but . now you listen to Justine , sister . < hr / > holden you want I to help you get stuff out of storage ? justine not right now , maybe later . holden well , be you gonna give I a ride home ? my ankle 's actin ' up . justine I gotta get home . maybe Cheryl can . cheryl what , you need a ride ? holden forget it . < hr / > justine I think we gotta take a breather . I be nervous . holden well , can not we go to the motel ? justine not today . holden well , let 's go in the store room . justine just be patient , Holden ! ( Holden look freaky ; sort of like he 's lose he mind not be able to be close to she ) < hr / > justine I be wonderin' , when be that , uh , bible study ? corny tomorrow night at eight . we would love to have ya . justine can I bring my husband ? corny ' course ! a couple that pray together stay together . < hr / > phil what 's this ? justine the Holy Bible . there 's one for you , and one for I . phil not very light be it ? justine we be goin ' to Bible study . a couple that pray together , stay together . phil I hear it be the couple that lay together stay together . justine well you hear wrong . < hr / > justine Cheryl ? you think you can take this one ? cheryl sure ... sit right down here mar 'am , we be gonna make you pretty . now how do you like you hair ? customer wait , you gonna do my hair ? cheryl no , I just need to know if that 's you usual way of wear it all big and high . if it be then I will just put more makeup on you chin to off - set . now , you be gonna want to take a whole bottle of this home wtih you . it 's get quite alot of ingredient in it so you be get a good deal . it 's get ginco extract in it , do you know what that be ? customer no . cheryl it 's extract of the ginco and it make you skin real slick so that any liquid will roll right off , be it water or lemon juice or urine . I will put that in a bag for you . < hr / > justine phil , what the hell be you doin ' ? we be gonna be late for Bible study . you be stone , you get paint in you hair , would you just get in the shower ? phil I completely do not remember ... justine get in the shower . bubba workin ' on you spiritual life ? justine yeah , I guess . bubba ai not that a hoot and a holler . justine what do you mean ? bubba I see you , Justine . justine saw I what ? bubba I see you . we get some thing to talk about , you and I . you come by my place after work . if you knwo what 's good for ya . < hr / > phil hey . where 's bubba ? justine he leave . phil well , I be ready . let 's go . < hr / > phil I do not know what to say about Jesus . I be stone . justine just let the other people do the talk . phil jeez . we forget the bible , Justine . justine well , that 's alright , they will forgive we . corny hi. welcome . hey there people ! glad you could make it ! justine hi corny . this be my husband , phil . corny y'all be in for a treat . we get a good discussion go tonight . if man be make in God 's image , what do that say about God ? phil yeah , that sound like a good one . ( Justine recognize one of the people . it 's the guy who work at the motel where she and Holden have be go to . ) justine phil , come with I to the car . phil what ? justine come with I to the car , I gotta get something ' . phil what 's goin ' on ? justine just get in the car . get in the car , phil . phil what the hell ? justine I do not want to go to Bible study . phil why not ? justine because I do not want to . now , can we please just get out of here ? phil Justine , this be embarass . we be runnin ' away from Bible study like a couple of Devil worshipper . justine I do not care . I be not in the mood . phil you be freakin ' I out , man . why ? justine why ? beacause we forget we bible be why . phil you just say a few minute ago they will forgive we . justine yeah , well , they may not , alright . so can we please just get the shit outta here ? phil I be never goin ' back to Bible study again . justine I do not care , fine by I . < hr / > customer I think I look too white , do not you think ? cheryl I be just tryin ' to match you face with you hair , I be thinkin ' you be not white enough . customer I think I look kinda weird . cheryl well , the first rule of fashion be that you have to look weird . what I be do here have come straight from France . customer oh . cheryl it 's call circ du face , meaning circus of the face and it 's all the rage with the frenchy . customer well , you be the professoinal . cheryl that 's right . corny Justine , what happen to you ? I look up and I see you two drivin ' off like vampire in the night . justine oh geez , we forget we bible . corny you coulda look off you neighbor . it 's a church , you know . you can not make water without bumpin ' you nut on a bible . justine oh . well , we feel bad . corny ( look at the customer ) what in blaze ?! customer do you like it ? < hr / > justine I can not go . holden what ? justine I can not go today . there 's something important I need to tend to . holden I think you say we would go today . justine well , something come up . holden what come up ? justine um , okay . I think , maybe , somebody 's find out about we . holden I be start to wonder if you even want to go . I be startin ' to think you do not get I . justine well , maybe I do not get you . holden you do , you do get I you just do not want to I ' cause I be too intensify for you ! Justine , who care , who care if someone find out . we do not have to live like this , Justine . I know what it 's like to go home every night and feel like you be hidin ' out . we can leave all this behind ... justine that 's easy for you to say , Holden , you be not marry . holden you just , you just gonna give up ?! you gonna go crawlin ' back ?! justine Holden , you be gonna get we catch ! holden you be so fuck afraid it make I sick . do not give up on we . justine I will not . < hr / > ( Justine go out of the backdoor of retail rodeo , take a few deep breath , try not to freak out ) < hr / > justine I will see you tomorrow , okay ? okay ? holden okay . good luck on you important thing . justine thanks . < hr / > ( Justine arrive at bubba 's . he open the door and he dog , bitz , be bark . ) bubba easy bitz , easy bitz . back in you corner ! back in you corner ! back in you corner , bitz ! come on in . I wanna show you somethin' . sit. ( yell at dog again ) I be in shock . justine why ? bubba you know why . justine bubba sit like that for what seem like ten year before he begin to speak . finally , when he open he mouth , he talk a blue streak about the ruin that be he life . he talk about how he love phil , and how he love I . and how he always want a girlfriend just like I , and to be a guy like phil , to this imaginary girl like I , that he never find . then he wen on about givin ' up you dream and how it 's all a part of gettin ' older . bubba have give up on he dream to be like phil , and accept he fate as bubba , always and forever . then , last week , a door that remain shut swing wide open . bubba think this no chance coincidence , a cosmic force be at work . the sound of I makin ' love to a man that be not phil be like a shout in bubba 's ear from the creator himself . what it mean , or what to do , or why bubba do not know . all he know be that he hate I for poisoning the well of idealism that he have drunk from for so long . I be no longer bubba 's image of perfection . to he I be just a liar , and a whore , and that sicken he . but on the other hand he love I for open he eye and release he from the bitter chain of evny that bound he to phil . phil be no superman , just a cuckhold , and a foll , and that be beautiful . bubba feel that there be just one thing leave for we to do . something that would solve both we problem and end this whole tragic cycle . justine bubba , I be not gonna sleep with you . bubba but do not you see ? this be my chance , for liberation . justine but , one person 's liberation be another person 's , well , badness . there 's just no way . bubba I be gonna have to tell phil then . justine why ? bubba he 's my best friend . I can not keep he in the dark about something ' this big . he 's a cuckhold . justine you wanna cuckhold he yourself ! bubba well that 's different . that be not about he . that 's about my salvation . look , you have get you choice to make . either destroy you marriage , and break you husband 's heart . or have sex with I right now . < hr / > ( bubba be yell at the dog again , and say Justine 's name ) justine oh god ! there be someone in the window ! do you not see ? bubba you be paranoid . justine I gotta go . bubba phil be never gonna find out about any of this . do not fret . ( the dog be still bark ) justine get this damn dog away from I ! < hr / > bubba you be lookin ' at a free man , Justine . a free man . justine great . good for you . bubba thank you . ( yelling at dog again . ) < hr / > ( tv sound as phil come out of the bathroom , still brush he tooth ) phil I be nervous . justine you be nervous ? why ? phil ' Cause I gotta go to that doctor tomorrow and jism into a cup , that 's why . what if I can not do it ? justine you can do it . phil you know , if you say you would help I I would feel alot less nervous . it 's gonna be on you lunch hour anyway . justine okay . phil you do not even say nothing about the tv bein ' fix . justine oh . be it ? thanks . phil you be welcome . < hr / > jack well be not you a fright ? Justine , you talk to Holden lately ? he do not show up for work today , I wanna know what give . I know you two be friend . justine we be not friend . jack you eat lunch together every day . justine no , we do not . jack well , if you see he , tell he Jack field be lookin ' for he . < hr / > ( Justine get in the car and be shocked when she see Holden in the car , more depressed than ever . ) justine oh my god . what be you doin ' ? holden you be a hooker , you hooker . justine I see you . you follow I . holden so , how many guy you gettin ' with ? you gettin ' with every guy in the state ? justine no , Holden , this be all because of you . he have I over a barrel . if I do not sleep with he he be gonna tell phil about we ! holden I be so alone ! justine you have gotta get a hold of yourself ! be you drunk ? holden yes , I be drunk ! and I will be drunk every day until the day I die ! what do you care ?! you jump on any pecker that 's put in front of you ! justine it 's not what you think . holden I see everything . oh god . oh god . justine look , go home . sober up . and meet I after work . holden where you goin ' ? justine I gotta help phil with he sperm . holden what ? justine just go . go ! holden I can not share you , Justine ! maybe with one man but not with a whole bunch of them ! < hr / > justine great . < hr / > nurse Mr. last ? would you come with I ? phil wish I luck . justine good luck , honey . bubba knock them dead , partner . ( Justine and bubba watch phil walk into one of the room ) you look nice . justine no , I do not . bubba I know you be angry and I can figure why . but , from where I stand , what happen yesterday be a wonderful thing . justine nothin ' happen yesterday , so drop it . bubba well , I be awful grateful to ya , Justine . justine bubba , I mean it . bubba let I just ask you one thing . how do I stack up against phil ? you know , how do I stack up where it count ? nurse ma'am ? you husband ask I to request for you presence . < hr / > ( Justine knock on the door . ) phil who 's there ? justine it 's Justine . ( get into the room ) phil c'mon . I can not do this on my own . I need help . justine you have never do it on you own ? phil not in a place like this ! not where I have to hand over the result ! just , let I hold you boob . ( hold she boob ; Justine 's face be full of pain ) justine ah , they be sore . ( Justine look feed up with everything ) < hr / > cheryl what 's wrong with you ? you look like death . justine my stomach 's crampin ' . I feel sore . cheryl be it you period ? justine Nah , it 's stress . cheryl this job be stressful . I be break out . justine you be breakin ' out ' cause you put so much makeup on you face . cheryl maybe you be pregnant . justine what ?... no ... ( think about it ) < hr / > holden you know , sometimes , I think to myself , at least it can not get any worse . but it can . I can worse . as long as you can say you have hit rock bottom you can . justine oh my god , blackberry . holden a blind man can go deaf . a widow can lose she child . Babies starve and they never get food . they never get any food . they just come into the world and they die . justine calm down , Holden ! holden I can not calm down ! I would be easy if I be a hooker like you . I could calm down all over town . justine hey , hey ! I be not a hooker . holden I know you be not . I be in agony . justine why ? holden what do you mean ' why ' ? I think you hate you life . justine I do . I mean I be depressed but ... you be really depressed . holden I will kill he . I will murder he in he sleep . I will kill my parent , I will steal the money whatever it take . you just , just whatever you want as long as it 's you and I . please do not forsake I Justine . justine oh ... I , I promise . ( car be park somewhere ; Justine and Holden be sit on the car , Holden 's smoking ) justine I realize then that Holden be at best a child , and at worst a demon . if I be ever gonna go straight I would have to ditch he . sometimes , to get back on the road to redemption , you have to make a few pit stop . < hr / > ( Justine go up to the " blackberry man " ) justine how much be the blackberry ? blackberry man a tin for two dollar , miss . ( give she the blackberry ) there you go . justine thank you . < hr / > ( Holden and Justine be in the car again , Justine 's drive ) justine have a blackberry . holden we need a plan . we can not keep livin ' day to day . we gotta chart a course and we just gotaa stick .... justine have a blackberry , Holden ! holden but , they be dirty . ( hesitate , he eat a blackberry and then smile ) they be sweet . if I could only get my hand on some money , someone could just tell I the answer . I gotta do . but if I ever do , I end up think about it instead . I gotta do . but do what ? ( Justine push the blackberry he 's about to eat away from he mouth ) what ...? what be that for ? justine they look dirty . I , I think I see a bug in they or something . < hr / > ( Jack talk to Holden about something ) < hr / > ( Justine 's talk to Holden 's parent . ) justine I be worried about Holden . Tom . I be worried about Tom . I just befriend Tom , recently , and now , well , I think he 's mentally ill . he have this idea in he head that we have have some sort of affair . which be crazy because I be , I be marry . he 's be sayin ' all sort of strange thing , and makin ' threat . and drinkin ' . and , and I just think he would be better off in a place where people , professional , could take care of he . otherwise , he 's just gonna get himself in trouble . < hr / > phil what be you doin ' in here ? what 's that ? justine it 's a home pregnancy test . phil why you takin ' it ? justine ' Cause I still have not get my period . phil what 's it say ? justine well , I have not take it yet . could you give I a minute please ? phil I wanna be here when you find out . justine okay . < hr / > phil the little plastic doohickey 's turnin ' blue . what 's that mean ? justine Blue ? phil Bright blue . justine it mean I be pregnant . phil alright ! < hr / > phil I know it . waste of time go to that sperm doctor . we do it . we be gonna have ourselves a baby . justine maybe . phil and tomorrow , we be gonna celebrate at senor tuna . yes we be . I be gonna bring bubba . you can bring some of you friend from work . or Bible study guy . whoever . too bad gwen 's dead . justine the test could be wrong , phil . it 's a little early to be havin ' a party . phil let 's do it mellow then . you sure do not seem too excited . justine no , I be excited . it 's just , a lot of worry come with havin ' a baby ... phil do not think negative . think positive . we could have ourselves a tiny phil . or a tiny teeny . teeny 's gonna have a tiny weeny teeny . justine do you think anything 's gonna change havin ' a baby ? phil what do you mean ? everything 's gonna change . justine yeah , but I mean , do you think anything 's really gonna change ? phil what do ya mean ? < hr / > ( Holden and he parent sit on the couch and watch tv when the phone ring . Holden get it . ) holden ( pick up the phone ) hello ? woman hi , this be Dr. Williams return the call of Jean worther . I be call from the Holland County psychiatric hospital . ( Holden hang up ) mother who be it , Tom ? holden it be a wrong number . < hr / > ( Holden go into he room with a crazy smile on he face . he start to laugh . when he hear the phone ring again , he stop smile and start to look like he 's think of something . ) < hr / > jack either of you see Holden ? Boy be out on he ass ! cheryl Justine , something 's goin ' on . something be definately happen . justine go find out . cheryl it 's big . it 's very big . justine c'mon Cheryl , I be gonna kill you . cheryl someone steal fifteen thousand dollar from the safe . they blow the thing open with a gun . justine oh my god . cheryl not only that but the cop know who do it . justine who ? cheryl somebody who work here . justine Cheryl ! cheryl Holden , Holden do it . fool leave he cashier key in the door . justine oh my god . cheryl they can not find he though . they say he rob he folk too . you in on it ? justine what ?! no ! cheryl I know you two play hookie in the store room . I never rat on ya , I have do some thing myself . but , still . you in on it ? justine I do not know what you be talkin ' about . cheryl suit yourself . corny Justine . can we talk to you for a second ? < hr / > jack hi , Justine . go ahead and have a seat . corny Justine , you like workin ' at the retail rodeo do not you ? like the company , like the people ? you would not want to jeopardize that by makin ' some silly error in judgement would ya ? jack Holden steal fifteen thousand dollar from the safe last night . do you have anything to do with it ? justine no . I do not know anything . corny ' Cause we know you be pretty tight with Holden . justine I hardly know he . corny I have see you in the store room with he Justine . on many the occasion . I think you know he pretty well . justine I do not know anything . < hr / > holden Justine ! Justine ! < hr / > holden I do it ! I finally do something ' ! justine Holden , the police be lookin ' for you ! holden oh , who care ? I be proud of myself . fuck they , fuck all of they ! justine hey ! they think that I be in on it , too ! corny 's get a camera in that storage room . that Bible thumpin ' pervert 's be watchin ' we the whole time . holden well , we be outta here ! Justine , I get over twenty thousand dollar ! I get a gun , what else ?! justine I be gettin ' all goosey . I think I be gonna crash . ( take a right turn and stop the car ) I be pregnant , Holden . holden it 's my baby . justine not necessarily . holden yes , it be . you know it be . justine even if it be , you can not raise a baby on the run . holden yes , you can . I mean , you can not raise a baby here . you know that . Justine . you hate you husband . you hate you job . you love I , so let 's go . justine I can not go tonight . I gotta pack my thing and I would have to get more money . holden well , then tomorrow . I will go to the motel and wait for you . just be there by noon . justine this be all go too fast . holden Justine , what have you get to lose ? justine nothin ' . holden so be there by noon . justine okay . holden I love you , Justine . this be all gonna work out . I know it . I almost forget . this be a story of you life . you inspire I . ( they kiss and Holden get out of the car ) < hr / > phil hey teeny ! justine hey . phil we be gettin ' worried about ya ! justine sorry . bubba Justine , this be liberta . liberta , this be Justine . justine hi. liberta hi. bubba congratulation , on you expectation . justine thanks . liberta do you think it 's a girl or a boy ? phil do not matter . as long as it play quarterback for the Cowboys . bubba well , I hear senor tuna callin ' . ( phone ring ) phil ( pick up the phone ) hello . yeah . well , that 's not right . what 's that suppose to mean ? hey look . no . you do not know shit okay . Justine 's pregnant . you get that ? well , look you better check you record again , pal , then call I ! ( hang up ) some doctor say my sperm 's no good . do that mean Justine 's not pregnant ? bubba no . that just mean they get it wrong , be all . they do not know everything . justine they just get it wrong , so ... < hr / > ( Justine and phil be in bed together . ) phil look like that wind 's pickin ' up again . < hr / > ( Justine be pack she thing , she seem to be in a hurry . she drive down the street with she car and stop because of the red light . ) justine how it all come down to this , only the devil know . retail rodeo be at the corner on my leave , the motel be down the road to my right . I close my eye and try to peer into the future . on my leave I see day upon day of lipstick and tick clock . dirty look and quiet whisperings . and burn secret that will not ever die away . and on my right , what could I picture ? the blue sky , the desert earth streching out into the eerie infinity . a beautiful , never end nothing . cheryl hey Justine . justine I know where you can find he . jack Holden ? justine he 's at the Hotel Glen capri , and he will be there till noon . jack you do good . you be a good girl . < hr / > phil hey . justine hey . phil what 's go on in the bedroom ? look like a twister hit it . justine oh yeah . I be doin ' laundry . phil I think we be rob . why be not you at work ? justine they give I the day off . ( tv reporter talk about Holden kill himself at the hotel ) phil retail rodeo ? you know that guy ? justine no . < hr / > jack attention retail rodeo employee this be jack field , you store manager . as most of you all know by now , we lose another employee yesterday . Holden be a thief and a disturb young man , and what happen be a sad thing . perhaps we can learn a lesson from this tragedy , like do not steal and do not be disturb . the important be to move on . like dozen of that who quit . this one 's for you Holden . cheryl I think we be gonna get a day off and go to the movie .... < hr / > justine what ? bubba I be just at you house and the mail come . phil be open letter , and he open this bill from the credit card company . and f&amp ; $ % . please do not tell he about we , Justine . please . please . I love phil . I love he more than myself . please have mercy on I . < hr / > justine hey phil . phil have you be sleepin ' around behind my back ? justine what ? phil I say , have you be sleepin ' around behind my back ? justine yes . ( he slap she ) phil why ? why ? justine I do not know why . phil do not you love I ? do not you love I at all ? justine you be the only man alive that I love . phil oh god . please do not tell I it 's not my baby . justine it 's you baby . phil be you sure ? justine it be . I swear . I swear to God . phil who be he ? justine it do not matter . phil yes , it do . be it some guy from work ? justine yes . phil yeah , I know who it be . it be that Bible guy , be not it ? the nazarine . that 's why you be actin ' so spook . justine yeah , yeah . phil I be gonna beat he ass . justine do not . phil you be gettin ' all swollen . I be sorry I hit you , baby . justine I be sorry , phil . phil I need to get stone . justine okay . get stone . phil I just gotta escape , you know . you ever feel like that ? like you gotta escape ? < hr / > justine what be that ? cheryl Fake eyelash . extra long . justine just do it normal for once ? cheryl you want I to make the other cheek purple to even it out ? justine no . cheryl D ' you hear about corny ? he be goin ' home after Bible study last night and two beefy guy with paint face pull up in a truck and jump he . justine that 's terrible . ( shot of Justine in the bathroom of retail rodeo . she 's sit on one of the toilet , she 's wear fake eyelash and just look trashy . ) justine that day I read the story Holden write for I . it be kinda different from the other one , but kinda the same . it be about a woman who be put upon . whose job be a prison , and whose life have lose all meaning . other people do not get she , especially she husband . one day she meet a boy who be also put upon , and they fall in love . after spend they whole life not get get , with one look they get eachother completely . in the end , the boy and the girl run away together in the wilderness , never to be hear from again .