hot zone screen story & screenplay by Jim V. hart base on " crisis in the hot Zone " by Richard Preston October 9 , 1993 " you might call aids the revenge of the rain forest ... " Richard Preston " this disease be true emerger . human have truly stumble into this occult agent . " Dr. Karl Johnson " we have get company ! " han solo blackscreen : legend : in 1976 , outbreak of lethal hemorrhagic FEVER cause by the deadly ebola virus occurred among human in zaire , africa . 318 case resulted in 290 death -- 91 % fatality a simultaneous outbreak in sudan , 800 km through the jungle reported 250 case resulting in 150 death -- 53 % fatality ebola be call a " slate wiper " for human . there be no known cure . once infected , the virus kill its host in 7 day ... first come the headaches ... blackscreen : presentation title fade in : aerial Pov - landscape - live organism Rivers , teeming with microscopic life thread like spaghetti through a geography of live cell . invader . territory be overrun . the view be like a aerial recon photo of a alien land -- at war . super : category - filovirus strain - ebola zaire ( Z ) fatality - 88 % kill ratio survivor - 12 % immune antibody cure none - none match dissolve to : ext . aerial Pov - landscape - african terrain - dawn Rivers , gleam in the sun , thread like spaghetti through a geography of jungle terrain , perfectly match the pattern of the virus landscape . super : zaire , africa - ebola river region - sept . - 1976 a fokker light air transport descend into view . the jungle - looking up - continuing action as the transport buss overhead , african GREEN monkey , hundred of they , frolic and chatter in the tree . a big male watch inquisitive . the plane 's shadow pass over he . the male open its mouth frighteningly wide ; a " threat display . " four huge fang flash at the intruder . flying Pov - continuing action twenty five foot above the ebola River . ext . remote airstrip - at the river be edge - dawn the Transport touch down and stop on the empty field . the transport - cargo door OPEN a land Rover emerge . then another . " world health organization " emblem on the side panel . we see a six person multinational epidemic team inside . hermetically seal hospital isolator stretcher with its own air supply stick out the back of each . a casualty inside can not infect the world outside . CUT to : int . cargo hold - Pov through door we see the rover speed into the bush . cargo door close . engine rev . outside - the transport taxis pick up speed . high angle - the treetop - continuing action the plane barely clear the tree send Green monkey scatter in all direction . they angry cry echo ; " kra kra kra !!! " end MAIN title CUT to : a GREEN monkey - roasting on a stick the view shift to reveal : ext . ebola river - ferry crossing - morning a handful of zairean police guard the primitive landing . refugee villager camp along the bank in the b.g. one policeman pass out half - cook monkey . the police captain chew on a bloody haunch , lick he finger . the ferry Bell ring o.s. now a jeep horn honk o.s. approach -- there Pov - the ebola river the primitive ferry part the mist . four wooden canoe hold together by a plank deck . ferrymen buck the current with long pole . karl johnson emerge from the mist . he stand on the hood of the lead Rover wearing a full face respirator . a creature from another planet . with the ferry - approaching chuck reese ( 22 ) honk at the wheel . he wear a full respirator . all the team member wear respirator . reese ( in french ) do not shoot . do not shoot . american Doctor ! Doctor ! johnson - closer he raise he respirator stare right into the gun -- at 30 , he 's already a legendary field virologist . he survey the scene like a military general as the ferry land . johnson ( in french ) Johnson . Center for Disease Control . U.S.A . -- we be head to the yambuku Mission . he point to he armband ; cdc shield -- U.S. flag . Police respond yell threat at the frighten ferryman and bang they weapon on the rover . reese - inside the rover he be about to soil he trousers . the two norwegian team member whisper in they language . reese Jesus Christ , this people should be quarantine . this outbreak be outta control -- there Pov - the frightened villager meager belonging , hungry child , terrify . to johnson johnson ( in french ) how far to yambuku ? silence . the Police Captain approach menacingly . captain ( in french ) you do not want to go there , Doctor . there be nothing but death there . people be die all along the river -- sister genevieve , a belgian Catholic nurse , approach from the refugee camp . 40' , haggard , suffer dehydration . she push past the Police , unafraid . sister genevieve ( in french ) etes-vous Doctor Johnson ? ( in English ) -- I be sister Genevieve from the yambuku Mission -- Johnson offer a bottle of perrier -- sister chug it . sister genevieve bless you , Doctor -- johnson save the blessing , sister -- he signal to reese . johnson reese , get the sister some salt tablet and a shot of b12 . she 's dehydrate . petrify , reese break out the medical kit from the Rover . a policeman track he every move at gunpoint . he be so nervous he fumble the salt tablet and vitamin drop they . sister politely push the gun aside and help he pick they up . Johnson watch she . he 's impressed by she courage . johnson tell we host I need blood sample -- sister , tissue sample -- before this bug burn itself out . I have to get to yambuku . if I can find one survivor , then we , not God , can maybe cure this thing . the Captain separate they . he stick he gun in Johnson 's crotch . he understand English perfectly -- captain ( in English ) do not be come back this way , Doctor . quarantine -- ( point to the jungle ) we will shoot you if you try . Johnson toss pack of cigarettes to the Police defiantly and climb back in the Rover . the rover - reese climb in reese you be certifiable , Dr. -- suddenly , sister Genevieve straighten she habit and jump in . sister genevieve I shall guide you to yambuku , Doctor . Johnson start to protest . he see she conviction . johnson bless you , sister . the view climb as the Rover speed off the landing and disappear into the bush . CUT to : tight on - old bantu elder sitting vigil crouch outside a hut . eye fix -- unwaver . we hear : horrible sound of suffer inside . the view shift to reveal : ext . bantu village - day hut burn and smolder . termite ant hill tower over some of the remain . a handful of bantu watch the old elder . the woman wail a death chant . a hand reach out the doorway to bowl of food and water . suddenly , it clenches in agony . blood hemorrhages through pulpy skin . the hand flop to the dirt . the elder rise in silence . torch in hand , he chant a prayer and torch the hut . a bantu woman scream rush towards she flame home . other women pull she back . the elder pick up he medicine bundle and lead the survivor of he Village into the Bush . flame obscure the view to : the rover - moving through village - later Johnson signal to go slower . reese be rivete to he window . burn devastation everywhere . sister pray . there Pov - charree body smolder in the ruin . reese be sicken . reese my God , what happen here ? johnson the Bantu . they have go back to they ancient way of deal with plague and malaria . you put the sick person in a hut . you put food and water in the door . if the person walk out one day -- or crawl out , that 's fine . if they do not ... you burn the hut ... no more disease -- follow the second rover - continuing action two team member crank photograph . ext . a hut - consumed in flame the rover stop nearby . sister Genevieve , exhaust , rest she head on the seat . Johnson climb out surveying the sight . this be he war . johnson this whole zone be hot . reese . he kick at the hut 's burn ember . johnson whatever this bug be , ebola be not a place we be gonna forget anytime soon -- he turn to : reese , who be frantically remove he gear from the lead Rover . he shoot Karl a frighten glance . reese I be not go upcountry , Doc . I be take my team out -- we will base at the hospital in kinshasa -- reese pass Johnson head for the other Rover . the team react confuse as he plop he gear inside . johnson you be a good doctor . they need you service too . couple of thing you might consider -- reese do not want to hear it . johnson maybe we have already be expose . as Karl speak , he tie off he own arm , thump a vein and draw he own blood . johnson test all we blood when you get back . take some sample from sister Genevieve : here too -- sister be Pov - inside rover sweat bead on she forehead under she habit . her vision blur for a millisecond then correct itself . she watch Johnson confront reese without ever raise he voice . johnson maybe this bug can spread through the air . maybe it 's the andromeda strain -- Johnson toss the blood vial -- to reese he stare at the blood vial like death itself . on johnson - framed by the decimation johnson if it be andromeda , then you will not be safe anywhere in the world . the team audibly react in french and norwegian . wind kick up smoke swirl around Johnson . johnson you might as well be here at the epicenter try to stop it . smoke wipe the frame to : ext . yambuku road - high angle - looking down - later the lone Rover travel slowly along the rough road . in the f.g. , GREEN monkey follow , jump from limb to branch , escort Johnson deeper into the jungle . sister genevieve ( v.o. ) the infection hit the hospital like a -- like a bomb -- the rover - inside johnson who be the index case ? the first patient to " show " ? sister genevieve a schoolteacher . we treat he for malaria -- two day later , he die -- horribly . every child at the school come to the hospital . families -- pregnant woman . all break with fever . Johnson trace the spread in he mind , sorting , seek -- johnson but where do the teacher get the bug ? rodent bite ? -- fece ? mosquito ? monkey maybe ? sister Genevieve shake she head bewilder . who know ? johnson how do it spread so quickly ? what do you give the patient ? sister genevieve injection . chloroquine and vitamin . this people do not believe they have be " doctore " unless we give they a shot ... she hesitates , almost confess . sister genevieve we only use five syringe a day to treat everyone -- johnson ( grim diagnosis ) then the infection could have be pass through the needle -- sister genevieve God forgive we ... some become irrational -- hostile -- and escape ! hundred become violently ill and die in one week -- silence . Johnson realize he 's face nature 's revenge . johnson Seven day . no time for a " immune response . " by the time the patient 's immune system throw antibody to fight the damn thing -- it 's too late ... she break down , sobbing . Johnson stop the Rover . johnson you do what you could , sister . he take she hand in he , firmly but gently . he 's wear surgical glove . there Pov - through the windshield the yambuku Mission . a impose old chapel and a ring of cinderblock building . the belgian flag hang at half - mast in the center . no life anywhere -- suddenly , a four foot tall male GREEN monkey drop on the hood from the tree with full force -- screeching at they . sister scream with fright . Johnson jump so much he bump he head on the ceiling . outside - GREEN monkey swarm the Rover on a food search , screeching " kra , kra . " inside - continuing action one monkey land on the door latch . it 's weight pull the sister 's door open . she cry out . johnson fall across she close it tight . outside - the big male flashes he fang and hurl he fece , splattering against the windshield . then he be go . CUT to : ext . hospital compound - day - glide view open air porch be line with empty bed . silence . only the chatter of the monkey in the tree . johnson - approaching from the rover he now wear a tyvek protective suit , boot and full face respirator . he carry a field kit and a small ice chest . he Pov - the hospital fly buzz swarm out the window and door . int . hospital - continuing action Johnson open the door . Light spill in . fly swarm . they buzzing sound like chainsaw . he Pov - the ward a silhouette of tangle body . the mud wall be splatter with blood -- as if a bomb do go off . johnson do not come in here , sister . outside - sister genevieve sink slowly to she knee , freeze like a statue , praying . resume : hospital - follow johnson down the row of 120 bed , inspect the few remain body , each with evidence of massive hemorrhage from every orifice . johnson - closer he stop at one bed , carefully check a young man for sign of life . he feel for a pulse -- his glove finger sink into the man 's flesh like pudding . Johnson reel back -- revile . his breath labor . tight on - johnson' glove hand take a nose swab blood sample . another swab inside the man 's mouth -- and ear . with tweezers , he pinch out sample of skin tissue . we follow bloody swap and skin tissue into plastic vial . Johnson tag and place each in the ice chest . in the ice chest - tight on the tag number : 001 , etc. , then , " yambuku blood and epidermal tissue slice - ebola , Zaire . " ext . hospital - sundown Johnson exit , exhaust , solemn . sister Genevieve be still bent in prayer , motionless ; wear she respirator . johnson no survivor . I have never see a bug kill like this one , sister . fry by he experience , he survey the jungle . surreal in the golden light . he 's completely space . johnson there must be member of some lose tribe out there who have build up immunity to this killer over the year -- they blood could have powerful antibody pass down through the generation ... strong enough to save some life -- ( silence , he reach she ) sister -- he Pov - sister genevieve slowly raise she bow head . blood ooze from she respirator . her faceplate be splatter with it . she collapse before he can catch she . Johnson cradle she remove the respirator . he 's horrify . johnson you spike the damn fever -- we will get you to kinshasa . blood trace from she tearduct -- she nose and ear . johnson oh my god -- hold on -- hold on -- he pull a syringe from he pocket -- thump up a vein and begin to shoot she full of antibiotic . she reflex away from the needle -- internal hemorrhages rock she -- Johnson jerk back . the syringe pierce the glove on he leave hand . he stare at it in horror . he yank it out suck he hand and spitting -- like a snake bite . sister genevieve first ... come ... the ... headache -- she spasm suddenly -- cough up black fluid -- the view rocket up up into the tree -- monkey cry everywhere . " kra ! kra ! " we rocket right into the face of the big GREEN male . deep brown cloudy eye stare at we transfix . blood -- building in a crimson wave -- emerge from it 's nose . CUT to black . fade in : ext . country road - morning a modest colonial sit atop a hill at the foot of the appalachian . leave glow in bright autumn color . super : frederick , md - wed. , oct . 4 , 1989 0800 hrs . jaxx ( v.o. ) Jason -- you will be late for school . int . jaxx kitchen - continuing action the freezer door close revealing : col . nancy jaxx ; a rather beautiful woman in she mid 30' . " supermom " and " ultrawife " in Army uniform with Colonel 's bar take she usual stab at breakfast ; throw 4 waffle in the microwave -- crack two egg in a skillet -- she open a cabinet , get mug , dump in instant coffee -- suddenly -- a monkey like creature hang down right in her face -- jaxx ( push it away , annoyed ) Jason ! come feed gumby or he 's go in you omelette ! no response . the kinkajoo wrap its prehensile tail around she neck . int . menagerie room - morning jaxx piggyback the kinkajoo and a cup of coffee through the convert sunporch . it 's fill with animal . follow jaxx by the animal two fish tank , a fish pond , exotic parrot , Bright Red eclectus , cockatoos -- and four yellow nape amazon . one sing a opera aria . one wolf whistle as jaxx pass . jaxx ( ritual ) thanks boy . eat you heart out girl -- she step over a old bulldog in the doorway . the dog , maggie , flatulate in she sleep . jaxx fan the air . jaxx oh -- maggie -- please -- a loose scarlet parrot walk behind jaxx peck maggie 's stumpy tail instantly rouse the old dog to a bark frenzy . the aviary add squawk and screech . jaxx be Pov - jason's basement bedroom she open the door on she 13 year old son , jason ; he lanky frame all over the bed , sleep with he walkman . jaxx Jason ? wakey wakey -- she toss the kinkajoo through the air and close the door , block the view . we hear : Jason yell . CUT to : ext . house - rearview - continuing action jaxx head for the convert garage pass a red Toyota pickup park in the drive . the magnetic sign on the door panel read : " jaxx veterinary clinic . " int . garage vet clinic - continuing action as jaxx enter , blackhawk , they big black hunt bouvier bound over to greet she . 6'3 " gerry jaxx be dip he " border " in a tickbath . his haircut still military sharp . now a civilian , he year in the army reflect in he physical fitness . jaxx ready for you fix -- ? Nancy offer he a cup of coffee -- gerry ah , nance . the life of a country veterinarian be sheer bliss . he 's lie . his hand be elbow deep in doggie-bath . nancy aw -- you miss the Army that much ? why not re-enlist ? gerry never . then I would have to call you , " Colonel " -- he embrace she caress she bun . she caress he back . somebody clear they throat o.s. at the glass sliding door they daughter -- twelve year old jamie -- bounce in she sweat clothes . she wear brace and never stop . never . jamie ( through glass door ) there be child present . I mean -- " hello " ? to mom and dad break they clinch , " catch . " gerry Morning , princess . jaxx go eat you breakfast -- or we will be late for school -- outside - jamie she make a face ; a complete rebel . jamie in a minute -- watch I ! she poise by a tree , as if beginning a floor exercise . suddenly , the kinkajoo leap from a low branch landing on Jamie 's head . she jump with a shriek . mom and dad react , laugh . nothing dangerous here . jamie - closer the kinkajoo cling to she hair . jamie c'mon , gumby . let 's show'em . she set the creature down beside she , prep and throw a stand back flip with a Olympic finish . the kinkajoo do a flip too . inside clinic - the jaxx be Gerry applaud . jaxx indicate " time for school . " jason wander in , zombie . he hold up sear waffle . jason Breakfast be burn ... again . Jamie walk in on she hand . jamie still eat with you hand , butthead ? jason can she talk to I that way , Mom ? jaxx let 's try not to kill each other before Thanksgiving , okay ? jason after Thanksgiving , she 's toast . ( Jamie swat he ) Mom , I need money for lunch -- jamie I get a meet Friday , Mom . you be come be not cha -- ? before jaxx can answer , Jamie literally throw aerial out of the clinic . gerry please -- no acrobatics in the -- Jamie pay no attention . Gerry look at jaxx dismay . gerry she get she stubbornness from you , Mrs. jaxx . jaxx I think you mean independence . she 's you daughter -- jaxx exit by a starve Jason . blackhawk jump up snatching the burn waffle from he hand . CUT to : ext . day care CENTER - rearview - reston , VA . - morning child play in a sandbox . a little boy spoon up some sand and eat it . yukk . he spite it all over the girl next to he . two more kide drink juice from the same cup . in the f.g. - a crate be carried into view in red letter : " pacific primate - manila , philippine . " Green monkey peer out from partition opening at the child . sniff . a new scent in this new land . some monkey flash they fang . other chatter . CUT to : monkey Pov - the kide kid stare back at the monkey with giggle and delight . the women supervisor pull two fighting child apart . the girl bite the boy on the hand -- draw blood . ext . monkey house - continuing action a alley separate the Day Care Center from a windowless building . monkey handlers unload crate from a truck . the logo on the cargo door read : synergy research lab . the handler carry the monkey crate into the rear of the building . tiny whippert , the strawboss , wear overall , plaid hunt shirt , ball cap , pony tail , a deer skin knife and weigh about 350 . deke , a biker type and loc , a vietnamese who speak no English , help tiny transfer the monkey crate from the truck one at a time . they wear no mask -- just glove . all be expert monkey handler . tiny I love the part when Bruce Willis grin like he just get a little you know . he hit that detonator and yell " adios mother fuckaouch ! " he dump he end of the crate wring he hand in pain . tiny ow -- little cocksucker bit the shit -- outta I -- deke you be probably the little shit 's first meal since it leave Africa . tiny shuck he glove and suck he bloody finger . deke get two hundred more to go , tiny . you need more finger . tiny shoot he the " bloody " finger . crane up to : a strip mall , burger king , day care CENTER , home . the monkey house be right in the middle of suburbia . twenty - five mile from Washington d.c . super : synergy research lab - animal quarantine unit , reston virginia - wed. , oct . 4 , 1989 0800 hrs . CUT to : ext . ft. detrick , md - aerial view - day the base spread at the eastern slope of the appalachian Mountains . we pass over by a array of 90 foot radio dish . this be a major defense communication center . super : ft. detrick , md - NOV . 16 , 0900 hrs . we descend to : a three story concrete bunker build vent stack on the roof aim up at we like deck gun . the build - ground level - hold on a sign : u.s.a.m.r.i.i.d. UNITED states army medical research institute of infectious disease insider call it " riid " for short . CUT to : int . USAMRIID bldg . - rear entrance security station tight on USAMRIID shield : twin serpent entwine around a flame sword . the slogan ; " Research for the soldier . " tilt down to : a security monitor jaxx enter wave to the camera . widen to : a security guard sit vigil over a bank of monitor with exterior view of the entire facility ; containment lab , corridor , monkey cage ... on one monitor a figure in a shiny space suit peer into a microscope . int . corridor maze - continuing action we follow jaxx through the institutional hall . at close double door , she use she security card on a necklace from inside she uniform blouse and swipe it across a black magnetic sensor on the wall . insert : security monitor - build entrance display : jaxx , nancy dean ; virology bl4 . access o.k. resume : corridor Doors spring open . jaxx enter . a sign overhead read : infectious area - authorized personnel only CUT to : int . USAMRIID primate house - continuing action jaxx pass by individual containment room with several species of monkey in cage . the place be spotless . easy listen rock music play over the PA . at a window partition - continuing action jaxx stop to watch two young women ; pfc , godwin ( 17 ) and sgt . klage ( 18 ) wear mask , plexiglas visor and glove as they vaccinate a big African Green monkey . inside lav room - continuing action jaxx enter wear a visor mask , visor and glove . godwin be sing softly to the monkey . klage Colonel , jaxx -- jaxx ( put they at ease ) good morning , lady -- how 's " Super monk . " klage Super monk be immune to simian hemorrhagic and he just throw off another heavy lassa fever challenge . strong antibody response . he 's the healthiest primate in captivity . Super monk scarf down monkey biscuit , ravenous . CUT to : int . jaxx be office - USAMRIID - day a mouse cage ; make of popsicle stick . Inside be three white mouse make of pipecleaner . each wear a tinfoil gas mask . a fade card on the side in a child 's hand read : " be nice to mice , k mommy - love jamie " a family photo sit on the cluttere desk next to it . jaxx pose with Jamie hold a gymnastics trophy . the phone ring ... again ... again . jaxx hurrie by the glass partition , enter and answer . jaxx jaxx -- intercut : interior monkey house treating room - day the fifty -year old man on the phone look worried . girard ( on phone ) Stan girard -- remember ? synergy , right . I be chief research vet . we have get a little problem at one of we quarantine unit not too far from you -- to jaxx - USAMRIID jaxx ( on phone , take note ) five hundred greens and macaques -- ship from Philippines six week ago -- simian hemorrhagic fever ? to girard - monkey house he examine a dissect monkey on a " bleed table " with glove , he mask down around he neck . girard ( on phone ) necropsies on the fatality show enlarge spleen -- some petechiae -- to jaxx - USAMRIID jaxx ( on phone ) classic symptom for shf . what 's the body count ? ( a pause , eerie feel ) seventy in the last week ? CUT to : int . monkey house - room F narrow . windowless . line with 100 wall mount stainless steel cage . live monkey stare listless . ghost-like . on a cage - deke open the door a monkey tumble into he net . Dead . to tiny : hose down the blood on the floor kick up a aerosol mist . girard ( v.o. ) ( phone ) we lose twenty - seven more this morning . so far just one room be infect -- follow the mist : swirl up past monkey cage to ventilator in the ceiling -- to the treatment room - continuing action the fine mist roll from a ceiling vent down to : girard girard ( on phone ) but , well , management do not want to lose the whole population -- we have get over a quarter million dollar in this monkey -- int . jaxx be office - same time jaxx ( on phone ) I would keep that room isolate . we know shf be not lethal to people , just monkey -- make sure you handler use normal contagion precaution . yeah , get some " b&t " sample up to we today we will get on it . right -- she hang up tentatively , then hurry out . push in on : the pipecleaner mouse wear gas mask . dissolve to : microscopic view - monkey tissue a carpet of live cell take on a spider web look . jaxx ( o.s. ) liver cell . monkey sample # 053 -- what do you think ? int . hot suite ( bl3 ) - night - continuing action jaxx adjust the view wear glove and surgical mask for biosafety level 3 lab . peter jahrling turn the glass flask contain the cell culture under the microscope . late 30' , garrulous , black heavy glass ; the quintessential lab scientist . peter look like simian to I . the infect cell have a definite spider web look . he study the magnify image on a video monitor attach to the microscope . peter what 's another bug in this house anyway -- ? he point through a glass partition to two industrial size refrigerator , both with computer lock . the red trefoil symbol for " biological hazard " mark the door like skull and crossbone . peter we get enough bl4 viruse and bacteria in there to make aids look like a runny nose . jaxx hey , there 's a happy think . I try not to think about it . ( check scope again ) let 's be sure about this bug . run some antigen -- the lab bench - closer - plastic vial jaxx remove one label " antibody serum - simian hf . " she draw a drop of the liquid in a pipette -- then insert it into the flask . Peter flick on the ultraviolet scope light . peter go for the gold . video microscope view - monkey tissue cell glow in the ultraviolet . suddenly , the dark antigen solution cloud the view . antibody surround infect cell glow bright fluorescent golden orange . jaxx study the scope as Peter refer to a chart . the chart - closer - " fluorescent antigen color chart " he scan down bar graph of fluorescent color to a golden orange bar label : " simian hemorrhagic fever . " peter bingo . positive for shf . good news for we -- bad news for the monkey . jaxx peer into the microscope . jaxx hey -- there 's something flaky go on in this flask -- microscope view - monkey tissue major music cue blackhole grow in the carpet of glow cell as if eat by moth . Dead and die cell float away -- to jaxx and peter jaxx that 's not like any shf I have ever see . something be blow that cell away . they be off the plastic . she do not like it . she pull Peter to the scope . peter aw , just some crud in the scope . pseudomonas bacterium maybe . really annoying . wipe out everything . you have to start over . the little sucker smell like welch grape juice -- he take the flask , open it and sniff it -- jaxx yeah and a virus kill with no odor -- so what have you get ? Peter continue to sniff . a look of consternation . he suddenly cap it , get the creep . peter nothing ... no ... smell . jaxx okay , okay -- so we have get a " unknown " here , Pete -- jaxx flare concern . they both stare at the flask . jaxx let 's do it by the number . how long will it take you to culture another isolate and get it on the big scope so we can see what the damn thing be ? peter ( start to sweat ) I will need more monkey sample . ten , twelve hour maybe . first thing in the a.m. jaxx ( head for door ) call you wife . tell she we be shack up together . I be go to pump c.j. to get we some of that monkey -- peter you know -- Karl Johnson could tell just by look if this crud be lassa , marburg , ebola , Anthrax -- Peter set the flask down gingerly . jaxx linger . jaxx I be a green recruit my first year here at riid when Johnson " retire . " I do not think he ever even know who I be . how come you mention he name around here , everyone crawl in a hole ? peter ( matter of fact ) Karl think the world 's get a gun to its head and there 's not a damn thing anyone can do to keep we from pull the trigger . ( a beat of respect ) that scare people in high place ... he 's the best bug man there be . why do not you ask he ? jaxx fluster . jaxx yeah , well , okay -- but he 's not here -- we be . jaxx exit slamm the door . the warning sign read : biosafety level 3 - containment to pete he ponder the flask for a moment . he pull on he surgical mask , pour the milky fluid from it into a test tube , place the tube in a centrifuge and turn it on . closer - the centrifuge whirl to a blur . dissolve to : a photo of karl johnson stare right at we outside the yambuku Mission . 1976 . his field team and 2 nun flank he . one of they be sister Genevieve , alive . with Village Children . smile of hope . CUT to : int . jaxx be office - night jaxx be transfix on the photograph . thick file fill she desk . she flip through more photo -- there it be . a photo of five young men and one young women stand in front of a huey helicopter all wear inflate orange spacesuit with clear bubble helmet . they flank Karl Johnson beside a biomedical isolator litter . the caption read : army aeromedical biocontainment isolator evacuation team - USAMRIID - ft. detrick md . push in on : the young woman -- pfc Nancy jaxx , age 22 . tilt up to : jaxx she call up a data base . entry : search for > johnson , karl M. reply : last recorded contact BOX 11 , rt. 3 , gallatin montana fax : 406-586-5409 jaxx hesitates . she type a message quickly into the computer . entry : to : karl johnson from : ltc nancy jaxx - USAMRIID outbreak in local primate population cause : unknown at this time please contact I at earliest convenience reply : faxing now CUT to : int . bl3 lab - later that night Peter work in the b.g. we move in on the test tube to a microscopic view : the geography of cell be at war . CUT to : a shiny gymnastics medal be display in a place set on the counter . jaxx enter lug file . blackhawk be there to greet she with lick and whine . jaxx hey , big guy . you hungry ? so be i. she melt see the medal . there 's a note . she read : gerry' voice ( v.o. ) you amazing daughter take second . you amazing son wash the dish . and you amazing husband put you dinner in the microwave . check the machine -- Nancy chuckle . while the machine rewind , she open a cabinet and pull down a can of dog food . the electric can opener do not work . peter ( v.o. ) ( phone machine ) nance , girard just call . Seven more monkey kick . they have get they on ice . meet c.j. there at 0800 . this guy girard sound spook . she rifle the drawer . no opener . she use a beer opener punch around the edge . the lid bend in -- her hand slip into the can -- slice on the jag edge . she hold she fist in pain check the damage . nothing . then blood leech from the clean cut on she right hand . int . jaxx bathroom - night jaxx twine a wide band-aid over she wound and close the medicine cabinet . she jump with fright at the face leer right behind she -- jaxx Jamie -- oh -- hon -- Jamie be half asleep -- still in she gym suit . jamie ( drowsy ) I do not get first , Mom -- int . jamie' bedroom - night mother and daughter enter arm around each other . jaxx we be proud of you even if you do not win . I be just sorry I have to miss you big moment -- Jamie fall into bed . jaxx pull off she warmup by the pant leg . then the jacket . she drift off . jaxx kiss Jamie goodnight . sharp CUT to : int . monkey house - night the camera rocket along the cage right up to the last monkey . death stare . a single stream of blood trickle from it 's nose . CUT to black . fade in : ext . school - morning kid head for school in pack . crane down to : jaxx be car - continuing action Jason and Jamie exit head for school . jaxx take she daughter 's hand . Jamie squeeze back . jamie ( ritual ) " be nice to mouse , " mom. promise . remember , " all animal -- jaxx " all animal be we brother and sister . " ( polite parental tolerance ) I know -- I know , princess . do good , you two -- Love you ! jaxx watch they head for school . it 's a Mom 's life . CUT to : ext . reston alleyway - morning ( jaxx Pov ) kid romp in the play - yard at the day care center . super : reston , VA . - wednesday , NOV . 17 - 0830 hrs . jaxx 's car be park behind the station down the alley . she watch the kid from the payphone . jaxx ( on phone ) any result yet ? intercut : peter in bl3 lab he 's drag from no sleep . he spin another test tube in the centrifuge . peter ( on phone ) we have get zip and I be about out of monkey part . resume : jaxx jaxx ( on phone ) we be work on it . her Pov - the day care CENTER kid eat mud-py . pan to : the funky rear door to the monkey house . empty monkey crate be stack in back . jaxx ( on phone ) any message ? I be expect a fax -- peter ( v.o. ) ( phone ) nada . guess nobody love you . jaxx ( on phone ) thanks , Pete . I need that . her Pov - col . c.j. peter head up the alley she way . he 's piss . forty . thin hair . bulg middle in he Army uniform . deputy Commander of " riid . " brilliant virologist with a grim sense of humor . jaxx where 's you happy face , c.j.? c.j. ( sardonic grin ) girard 's not go to let we in . he 's afraid we army uniform will " upset he staff . " mercy -- jaxx I do not like this , c.j. Day -care center -- little kid -- c.j. just worry about the monkey . girard say management 's already on he about call in the Army . tell you one thing , whatever 's go on in there , he 's scared . they be bring the sample here . jaxx oh , free home delivery . Nice . CUT to : there Pov - a lime GREEN van head up the alley and stop beside they . tiny whippert lean from the cab . Big toothy grin . tiny hi. how you , m'am ? uh , General m'am -- ? jaxx smile put the nervous tiny at ease . jaxx Col. jaxx and this be Col. Peters deputy Commander at riid . tiny shyly lumber out revealing Deer rifles in a rack behind he seat . he amble to the back , nursing coffee talk a bluestreak . tiny we get dead " cynos " ever day . y'all think y'all can find out what 's killin'em , huh ? inside the van - darkness tiny open the door . jaxx and c.j. gawk at 7 plastic garbage bag . no one want to be the first to grab one . c.j. " sample ? " you bring whole monkey ? be they disinfected and triple bag ? tiny you bet . would not want to get any on ya -- jaxx be appal . jaxx this cynos all come from room F ? tiny nope . room H. jaxx and c.j. trade concerned glance . jaxx it 's jump to a new room . do all the monkey breathe the same air ? tiny guess so . if a monkey even fart in one room , you can smell it in another . no offense m'am -- jaxx pull c.j. behind she car . both unnerve . c.j. we have get a possible aerosol contaminant here -- and we know it 's not simian fever . jaxx but -- it 's lethal . I be a veterinarian . I can not knowingly transport a dead animal with a infectious disease across state line without a permit . I can lose my license . no way it 's go to stay quiet we transport they . you be a Doc . you can plead ignorance . she thump he big gold lapel bar -- jaxx this -- be why you get to wear that big eagle , Colonel , Sir -- she point to : he beat up honda jaxx and -- you car 's shittier than mine . jaxx bat she green eye over the top " miss scarlett . " c.j. start to protest . what 's the use . c.j. be trunk - tiny load the bag the monkey 's weight depress the rear end of he car . c.j. slam the lid . it will not shut . he and tiny sit on it . it close with a sicken crunch . the van - tiny climb in sweating profusely . he squeeze a pain between he eye . he Pov - c.j.' car tiny wave . suddenly , jaxx and c.j. blur in tiny 's vision . he rub he eye . his vision clear . tiny need anymore , just holler . have a good one now , ya hear ? c.j. wave morbidly as the van wipe frame to : jaxx - looking under c.j.' car jaxx I better follow you . make sure you do not ... drip . CUT to : moving Pov ( jaxx be car ) - following c.j.' car c.j. bottom out on a bump exite the drive . spark fly . to jaxx - drive she whiteknuckle she steering wheel wait for he trunk to pop open . it hold . ext . alleyway - day care CENTER in view as they pass by , a little boy stand on top of the slide pound he chest like King Kong -- make monkey face . kid run around scared and screeching . CUT to : int . office - day jaxx hurry in and check she message box . she rifle they quickly . no Johnson . damn -- CUT to : the hot suite entrance - continuing action jaxx swipe she security card over the sensor . pneumatic gasket hiss retreate around the submarine style airlock door . jaxx hurry in . the door seal shut behind she . push in on the sign : warning : biosafety level 4 - maximum containment authorized personal only ; life threatening agent present ; filoviruse , arboviruse . lassa FEVER virus , ebola virus , mantaan virus , crimean - congo hemorrhagic FEVER virus , marburg virus . CUT to : int . hot suite - minute later jaxx enter the staging area pull on she scrub and surgical cap . the red light glow over the bl4 airlock door . she dial a wall phone . jaxx ( on phone ) Pete -- I be go hotside . any last request -- intercut : peter in bl3 lab he 's run on fume . peter yeah , a monkey tv dinner . we be strike out here . Big zero . he mount a button of cell on a slicer . a diamond knife peel off a tiny slice . he capture it on a tiny mesh . intercut : jaxx - bl4 lab she open a cabinet door . ultraviolet flood . she pull out a Blue spacesuit . one piece , soft helmet , thick rubber glove and foot mold -- like foot pajamas . she slide she right hand into a surgical glove . the band-aid over she cut hand be intact . she then tape the glove to she sleeve with brown sticky tape . next she slide she glove hand down the spacesuit sleeve into the heavier surgical glove . intercut : peter - electron microscope room a metal tower eight foot tall . Peter place the cell slice in the chamber of the big scope . intercut : jaxx - helmet Pov inside spacesuit close she diagonal zipper , then the airtight Ziploc . she head into a stainless - steel multiheade " envirochem " shower . we hear : breathing . now she heart beat , steady , rhythmic . her faceplate fog up . intercut : peter - electron microscope on the viewing screen : a cellscape appear . oxbow river and lake like a aerial view of a jungle . we have see this view before . a ominous sight -- intercut : jaxx - bl4 lab coil airhose hang from the ceiling like spaghetti . jaxx grab one -- and hook it into the short hose protrude from a " mepa " filter canister on she thigh . inside jaxx be suit - Pov through helmet a rush of air roar like a freight train . her faceplate clear . she move to a " pass through chute , " open it -- she pull a monkey bag through onto a stainless steel bleed table . CUT to : intercut : peter - electron microscope he scan the cellscape , like fly . search . he abruptly stop . he stare in horror at the screen . the viewing screen - wall to wall ebola so thick with virus it look like bucket of rope . peter oh shit ... oh ... shit ... Peter hold up a cellscape micrograph next to the view screen . the picture be label : ebola , zaire ; lung slice patient 17 , 1976 . it 's load with the same virus . intercut : jaxx - bl4 lab her glove hand pick up a scalpel from the " sharp " box . she make the chest incision o.s . she raise she glove back into view -- both be drip with blood . she dunk both in the clorox pan , clean they . int . bl4 lab - chem shower Peter enter the suite from the shower in he spacesuit . he 's distraught , carry micrograph . peter jaxx -- we get a problem -- no response . he forget he headset ! sweat run down he nose . his faceplate fog up . he clamp on a airhose . closer - hose they keep snap apart . Peter hurry down the corridor with no air , he breathe labor . he Pov - jaxx in lab room probe the monkey . her glove cover in blood . Peter wave . she do not see he . he start to pound the glass . a warning sign stop he . infectious area - do not strike glass inside jaxx' spacesuit - her Pov Air roar like a freight train . she talk to herself . jaxx ( to herself ) subcutaneous hemorrhage . patiechial lung hemorrhages . rapid tissue deterioration -- this thing 's a bag of soup -- suddenly she air stop flow . what ? she turn to check the hose . she face peter : she hose squeeze tightly in he glove . he let go . Air flow . jaxx hey -- what 's up ? he shove the micrograph of ebola up to she face plate . she take they in she bloody glove -- jaxx you have get crud in you scope . Peter indicate " no . " he 's white as a ghost . outside the suit - peter his air hose hang loose . jaxx quickly clamp he onto a spare hose . she get in he face . he 's panicked -- peter it 's ebola ! I sniff that flask ! jaxx Pete ! there 's a good chance you be not infect ! do not go dinki-dao on I now . antibody . let 's test they . get some " sister G " serum -- she point to the big refrigerator with all the viruse . he nod , compose himself . on the big fridge a monolith in the dim light . Pete punch in the computer combination . the titanium lock chung . the door open . Nitrogen fog spill out . follow pete' glove : search vial and container mark : lassa , marburg , anthrax , hanta , rift valley , encephalitis , aids , ebola -- to one mark : " antibody serum - ebola zaire , yambuku - sister genevieve : survivor . " to jaxx and pete - at the microscope Peter place the slide under the fluorescent microscope with forcep . jaxx press she face plate to the scope -- microscopic view - monkey tissue crawl with the filovirus . antibody seize on the cell lighting the cellscape in a forebode purple glow . jaxx this monkey be load . we have get to tell c.j. -- Peter freeze point at jaxx 's glove . inside spacesuit - her Pov jaxx hold she right glove up . there 's a huge hole between she thumb and forefinger . she instantly react -- jamming her glove in the clorox wash it off . jaxx leaker -- oh shit -- int . chem shower - inside jaxx be suit - second later envirochem pound she suit . the system sign glow : 7 minute envirochem shower require to decontaminate contagion - do not enter cold side without decon cycle jaxx ( humoring herself ) I can not die . I do not have a baby - sitter . who will feed my animal ? damn , I forget to order the turkey for Thanksgiving . I love Gerry -- int . staging area - minute later jaxx draw she right arm from the spacesuit glove . her inner surgical glove be cover in monkey blood too . panic . she pour more clorox over the glove scrubbing it viciously with a brush try to wash away the threat . her hand - closer as she peel the glove slowly off . she reach the band-aid -- no monkey blood . her hand be clean . jaxx fill the glove up like a balloon at the faucet . final verdict . no leak . Peter plop relieved ; he suit drip from the shower . jaxx no leak . I be fine . no problem -- she heave -- throw up in the sink . CUT to black . fade in : close on - electron micrograph photo the ebola cellscape . c.j. ( o.s. ) shit . int . maze corridor - continuing action c.j. sift through the photo on the move . Peter wear a surgical mask due to potential exposure . jaxx be wire -- jaxx that 's not the lochness monster , c.j . all seven primate be load . that monkey house be a viral time bomb -- int . general russell's reception area - day his door say it all : commander army medical research . c.j. , jaxx and Peter barrel by the startle receptionist . receptionist Col. Peters , the General ask if this could wait until -- int . gen . russell's office - continuing action they enter . general russell be get ready to leave . c.j. shove Pete 's ebola micrograph in front of he . russell shit . he look back at jaxx , Pete and c.j. it 's not . russell's office - minute later a map of the world fill the view . color pin mark location of viral outbreak . jaxx enter frame -- jaxx we have get a killer virus 25 mile from Washington d.c . russell and five mile from the CIA . maybe this be no accident . maybe this be a new war . peter terrorism ? bio-warfare ? here ? jaxx point to the " hot spot " in Africa . jaxx the only ebola outbreak on record -- the ' 76 outbreak in Africa . now -- you can put a pin right here . how ? she point to the black pin in Africa and travel with she forefinger across the Atlantic . she dramatically stick a new black pin right next to Washington D.C. c.j. do not matter how the bug get here -- it 's here . if word get out , we have get a major panic on we hand . if the virus break out -- we have get a epidemic . a disaster . Russell look at the cellscape again in grim silence . russell Pete , be we anywhere close to a vaccine for this bug ? Peter meekly lower he surgical mask . peter I be close on synthetic antibody . but no proof it will work on human . the only antibody serum we have get be from Johnson 's nun . and there 's only enough of that to try and save one patient -- maybe . he replace he mask . everyone speak at once . russell everybody just slow down . million of life could be at stake . it would be nice if we have we shit together . jaxx , c.j. and Peter grumble , duly admonish . russell c.j. , I be put you and jaxx in charge of this operation . c.j. we have to inform the cdc . they be go to buck we for jurisdiction . this have to stay a Army operation . we need to get inside that monkey house as soon as possible before the bug get outside -- jaxx Sir , there 's a day care center right behind the primate house that should be close immediately -- russell I appreciate you concern , Colonel , but if you do that , word will get out and we will have to close down the whole town . I be not prepare to give that order . jaxx bristle . " hurry up and wait " as usual . she hold up the electron micrograph . jaxx then I would like to fax this to Karl Johnson . I want he in on the epi - team control this thing . instant shocked reaction from the man . Peter pump a fist -- " yes " -- in support . russell Karl ? that 's a sure way to start a major- league panic . he will yell " fire " and scare the hell out of everybody . forget it . he 's retire . c.j. the cdc and Karl Johnson in the same room be not a good idea . russell he 's big trouble , jaxx . jaxx with all due respect , Sir , we be already in trouble . Johnson discover ebola and just about every other virus we be fight . we need he . Peter agree . he drill c.j. in angry disbelief . c.j. back off -- get angry with himself . c.j. ( self recrimination ) Karl teach I everything I know . I should have call he myself . jaxx ( mischievous ) I already do . fax he yesterday . Peter chuckle , digging at c.j. Russell go bett red . jaxx prepare for the worst -- russell damnit , jaxx -- he fume -- then slowly cave in . russell aw , what the hell -- if you can find he -- bring he in . I will call the cdc and tell reese . they will sure piss in they pants . jaxx thank you -- Sir , gentlemen -- guy . jaxx be so pump she 's out the door . russell c.j. -- call girard . limit any contact he personal have with the monkey . then get a hold of Virginia State Health , Interior , Agriculture -- find col . takafuji at the surgeon General 's office . we will have a " laydown " meet here as soon as possible so get you data in order . Russell grab a phone -- man with a mission . russell there 's no doubt in my mind we have get a national emergency . I do not want a panic . follow peter and c.j. out the door peter " panic ? " yeah , right . he do not sniff that flask . to russell - move to the map on the phone russell ( on phone ) reese ? phil . hey , we get a problem up here . found a little pissant filo virus in a bunch of monkey down the road . ebola . what d'ya think about that ? reese ( v.o. ) ( phone ) I think you have get crud in you scope . CUT to : int . office - afternoon - tight on fax machine jaxx feed the cellscape one by one into the machine . jaxx c'mon , Johnson . where be you ? dissolve to : tight on another fax machine - time lapse dissolves jaxx 's fax scroll from the machine curling to a old plank floor . then another . and another . hand pick up the stream of fax and place they in a cardboard box . " johnson " be scrawle on it in crayon . we crane up the side of the BOX : run over with uncollect fax . widen to : int . " big sky mercantile " - morning Johnson 's fax box sit on the floor next to a sleep Sheepdog . a eclectic general store . everything from bait to NY bagel and gourmet wine -- fax keep come . dissolve to : ext . " big sky mercantile " - morning a neon " fax " sign hang in the dirty window . widen to : a bigger sign the read : " Auto repair - video rental - gourmet wine - stock feed - outfitter - ups - fedex - xerox copy . " super : thursday , NOV . 18 - big sky , montana - 0900 hrs . CUT to : jaxx - sitting in rentcar - mercantile in view take in the eclectic sight . she get out and head in . time CUT to : ext . mercantile - minute later jaxx exit tote the faxbox , a bundle of mail , some fishing tackle and two -fifth of dewar scotch . CUT to : ext . big horn mountain - morning as far as we can see . snow cap peak . pan down to : ext . the big horn river - morning karl johnson - he back to US : stand waist - deep in the middle of the river . still in he favorite fishing hat , he rip he line off the water and lay a cast upstream . jaxx ( o.s. ) Dr. Johnson ?! jaxx - on the river bank tentative . she yell again over the roaring rapid . jaxx Karl Johnson ?!! closer - johnson he turn to we , surprised . he 's twelve year older . his feature elegantly weathered over the decade . he study jaxx with that pierce eye -- like a bear size she up . to jaxx - on the bank jaxx I be Nancy jaxx . remember ? -- I be a pfc in the Medical Corps you last year at " riid . " he clearly do not recognize she . he get a strike upstream . bad timing for jaxx . jaxx you train I with the first airborne medical isolator team . he shrug annoyed walk upstream reeling in he fish . johnson there be a woman in the a.i.t. unit ? and I do not remember ? jaxx ( ego bruise ) I be the only woman in that unit . now I be in special pathogen . to johnson - jaxx in view johnson ( testy ) yeah ? so be i. now , I be retire . can not you see I be fishing ?! jaxx c.j. Peters send I ! I have to talk to you about ebola ! Johnson react even more annoyed . he net he fish . johnson I do not do any lecture until the spring . contact I then -- he look he prize brown trout in the eye and let it go . jaxx be Pov - the river jaxx watch the fish swim away -- then she watch the man who set it free . there be a nobility about he as he make he way upstream to he drifter Boat rest on the shore . at the drifter boat Johnson stow he gear and start to shove off . jaxx climb in . Johnson think she 's nut . jaxx look -- I fly all night in a military transport to get here . and I hear you " emerging viruse " talk at the trop -me conference two year ago -- in case you do not remember . it be -- fascinating . see how this make you feel ? she pull a folder from she daypack and shove it to he . Johnson eye she warily as he open it . he stare at -- peter' ebola micrograph Old ghost haunt he . push in on johnson be eye : fix on the image . sound of africa surround he . johnson unless you include the feel generate by gaze into the eye of a cobra , " fascination " be not what I feel about ebola . ( look right at jaxx ) how about ' shit scared ' ? Johnson abruptly cast off . jaxx almost fall in . follow the boat - downriver through the rapid . jaxx whoops hang on . johnson there 's never be a case of ebola isolate on this continent ! how in the hell do it get to Virginia ?! he guide the drifter expertly up a swell and crash down into a chute . jaxx yell again . jaxx that 's why I come to find you ! CUT to : ext . river bend - morning Johnson and jaxx pull the drifter ashore in the calm of a backwater . his cabin be visible set back in the tree . jaxx and johnson - tracking he 's pump annoyed and angry all in the same moment . the world have intrude on he here in paradise . johnson what about exposure ? anybody die yet ? anybody spike fever ? jaxx just the monkey . and one exposure at we lab so far . he stop jaxx in she track -- get right in she face -- johnson you do not know that for sure -- do you ? do you ? you do not know how many people this bug could be incubate in do you ? and I will bet my hat the cdc do not know either . she do not . he do not wait for a answer . he stalk on . johnson I warn they this would happen . they do not see what I see in Africa . as long as this viruse be kill black people and yellow people and red and brown in far off place -- why should we give a big woolly damn here at home ? ext . johnson be cabin - continuing action he bump the door open and enter . jaxx hesitates , bristle , pump herself up , she follow he inside . it 's a eclectic collection of fishing gear , indian art , African and South american artifact , carving , photo -- jaxx Dr. Johnson , I think you should know the ebola vaccine have be a priority at riid -- johnson and you have not get one yet , do you ? do you ? jaxx shake she head " no " guiltily . johnson do you know where ebola come from ? huh ? the natural host ? the reservoir ? after all this year ? -- take a wild guess -- jaxx angrily shake " no . " he open the dewar -- johnson do not say monkey . the virus kill they too quick for a monk to be a host . twelve year and we still do not know what animal , vegetable , mineral or insect ebola come from . -- fishing a glass from a shelf , he fill it and knock it back . no sympathy from jaxx . jaxx so what be you hide out here for ? he shoot she a lethal look . jaxx okay , " fishing . " I mean -- why do you retire ? quit you research ? he pour another and one for she . his voice calm . johnson why ? because nobody really want to cure this disease . the bureaucrat and doctor would rather fight over who get credit -- and who patent the cure . ( hand she a drink ) the world 's get a gun to it 's head and there 's nothing I can do to keep it from pull the trigger . it absolutely predestine truth the way Karl say it . jaxx hear Peter say it . she hear enough . jaxx -- you do not remember I , but I remember this about you -- I hear you say the best place to be in a outbreak be at the epicenter ... try anything possible to stop it -- I guess I be mis-informed ... she return the full glass , completely disillusion . jaxx go ... fishing . she shake perfunctorily and head for the door . Johnson watch she go with profound regret . johnson hey -- jaxx . we find another virus in a lot of the blood sample we take in Zaire . aids . jaxx stop . chill . jaxx we have aids sample back in ' 76 ? johnson yeah . but it be not kill anyone . ebola be . he choke it off . pain and sorrow in he eye . johnson we could have be ready for aids . we could have save some life . jaxx stare at he in stunne silence , reele by the ramification . she have a better understanding of this man 's pain -- and a deeper respect . johnson everyone know " it 's not nice to fool with motha nate-cha . " now she 's get we by the -- he gesture squeezing with a cup hand -- he cut himself off , suddenly a embarrassed gentleman -- jaxx " ball , " Karl . she 's get we by the ball . they eye meet . she 's pried he loose . he 's ready . he offer she the full scotch glass . she clink it against he . they knock the scotch back . Warrior go to war . CUT to : ext . ft. detrick - USAMRIID - aerial view - night super : thursday , NOV . 18 - ft. detrick , md - 1100 hrs . int . war room - night - roving Pov the camera glide through : thirty five civilian and military personnel caucus and buzzing with the mission . a huge projection screen - the war zone it 's not a recon photo -- but the ebola cellscape . a war map fill another screen . it 's of Washington D.C. and vicinity . a series of expand circle fan out from reston , Virginia right over Washington d.c . general russell make he point to a small group include col . takafuji of the surgeon General 's and a assistant from the dept. of Interior . russell if we have a respiratory threat -- and it get loose -- up to ten million people could be expose . to c.j. - across the room coffeed out and hot tempere , make he point to girard and some suit from synergy along with cdc reps . c.j. this virus could jump and start burn through the human population right now . today . we have get to get in there and depopulate the entire primate colony before that happen . instant reaction . all focus turn to c.j. 's group . girard what about my company 's investment ? not all the monkey have symptom . I be not go to euthanize perfectly healthy specimen -- c.j. the Army will handle the operation . c.j. be about to blow . a familiar voice speak up . reese the Army 's do a great job -- chuck reese separate the Army and girard 's contingent . Chuck have not change much since that day 12 year ago with Johnson in Africa . now in he late 30' , he 's rise to the top of the heap at cdc . reese -- up to now . and everyone at cdc be really grateful , c.j. , to you team for sounding the alarm . we will take over from here . so if you will give we virus sample and you data -- c.j. bristle at reese 's tone . no love lose here . c.j. Chuck , that sound a little like " give the big boy the sharp object before we hurt ourselves . " synergy call in the Army and we will maintain we alert status . reese c.j. -- c'mon . we do not need to start a war here . Battle line draw . the room buzze . reese I be in Africa with Karl Johnson during the Zaire event . I work in close contact with ebola victim at kinshasa for two month and be never infect . reese grab Peter 's micrograph wave they around . reese there be no data in Africa to support aerosol transmission -- we do not even know if it 's the same strain . c.j. and the USAMRIID team argue in disarray . reese I recommend we low - key the press and media . we can not afford to " cry wolf " to the american public -- a commotion at the back of the room disrupt everyone -- johnson ( o.s. ) you can not afford not to -- to johnson and jaxx - entering the room a major stir . raise eyebrow and confusion around . Johnson 's name ripple through the room . Karl shake c.j. 's hand as he dump he bag on the table . johnson sorry I be late -- c.j. glare at jaxx -- then nod a private " thank you . " jaxx let out a huge sigh of relief . c.j. Karl -- glad you be here . gen . Russell shake he head wait for the firework . reese look like a deer catch in the headlight . reese Dr. Johnson -- Karl , we be just wrapping up -- johnson well , I be just beginning -- follow johnson - working the room like merlin and clarence darrow merge . johnson monkey , separate in cage with no social contact , be die day and week apart from the first outbreak . that indicate a strong airborne transmission threat -- he illustrate the transmission pattern on a standup diagram of the monkey house . johnson do you , all of you , want to take the chance with innocent people ? he fix on girard who can not hold he pierce gaze . johnson you have to quarantine the monkey handlers and anyone who have unprotect contact -- now . they could be expose and incubate . you have to put a surveillance plan into action to watch they family and co-worker for symptom -- lot of reaction here . jaxx be mesmerize watch Karl ignite the room . girard have have it -- girard be this man in charge here ? General Russell pull c.j. aside -- russell you better control he , c.j. c.j. just grin and nod , loving every minute of this . reese jockey for the floor . reese look , we do not know if the virus can jump species from monkey to people . nobody 's sick . right ? girard nod confirm this fact . reese score point -- reese the monkey with ebola be go to die anyway . we will harvest the infect one and save the rest . girard and the synergy contigent audibly approve . the power have shift visibly in the room . reese Karl -- I think you be overreact -- wrong thing to say . Karl drill reese with he eye -- johnson I be ...? it only take seven day to find out once you have get it . first come the headache -- follow by a relentless fever . then the hemorrhage begin . you skin go pulpy and tear easily . it speckles with petechiae -- erupt be a rash that turn you flesh to tapioca pudding . you bowel fill up completely with blood . so do you eyeball . you vomit a thick black fluid -- after bloody diarrhea , you pass you intestine , what 's leave of they -- jaxx survey the room - she sees : disgust , horror , fear . one man leave the room nauseate . johnson a man 's testicles swell up the size of football . and if you be not dead by then or comatose , you have become hostile -- acute psychosis -- dementia -- a preacher 's pause ... johnson at the end , you be leak blood and huge quantity of virus from the nose , mouth , anus , eye , nipple -- rip in the skin ... -- let the image sink in . johnson the black plague kill four out of ten people . when the white man and the red man exchange disease , seven out of ten die . ebola wipe the slate -- nine out of ten people in this room will not be here . he turn , make eye contact with everyone in the room . johnson you have no choice -- but to cry wolf . ... Dead fuck silence . CUT to : int . bl3 lab - night Peter draw he own blood with a syringe . dissolve to : peter in he spacesuit - minute later he place he blood slide under the microscope and study it on the monitor . he sit back relieved . he swivel in he stool to a wall calendar . the calendar - closer he mark another day off in red . two down , five to go to the day he 's mark " e-day " ... Thanksgiving . to johnson - at the hotsuite talk port johnson ( talk port ) anybody home ? his voice vibrate through thin diaphragm set in the thick glass enable communication into the suite . Peter walk to the glass happy to see he old mentor . peter ( talk port ) just we flesheater . Karl get a good look at Peter close to the glass . guinea Pigs fill the wall behind he . his follower . johnson ( talk port ) I hear about you little flask sniff episode . how're you do ? Peter look at the non-existent watch on he suit wrist . peter ( talk port ) let 's see , I be expose two day ago . incubation take about a week ; therefore . if I be infect , I should be get my first headache in , oh , about five day . if I spike a fever , seven day later -- the guy around here will be flipping coin to see who get my vacation day -- Karl do not laugh . Peter sober under he stern eye . johnson if the bug spread by aerosol , you will not be the only one with a headache . Peter shy , almost sheepish . peter ( talk port ) actually , I have be sleep here -- in the lab . I do not want to expose my family ... Karl be impressed by he protege 's discipline . johnson you know you be not contagious unless you have symptom , Pete . do not woof I . how 's you blood ? peter ( talk port ) ( crossing he glove finger ) no ebola antibody yet . the test tube-witch willing -- I can go home for Thanksgiving . he point to : the calendar : thanksgive ; five more day . Peter smile hopefully . Karl see the fear in he eye . johnson reese still do not believe the bug 's airborne . all that red tape must have choke off the air supply to he brain . Peter push he glass back up on he nose through he plastic visor -- he motion Karl inside . CUT to : microscopic view - monkey shot crawl with the virus . army of it . a huge ebola brick shape like a shark fill the view . peter ( o.s. ) ( talk port ) monkey snot -- look at that big honker . definite airborne threat . int . hot suite - bl3 side - continuing action Karl peer at the monitor scope wear surgical mask , visor , glove and scrub . he sit back depressed . johnson ( fm mic ) I hate be right sometimes . the monkey house be not the end . it 's the beginning . he muse -- eye fix on some other horizon . johnson ( fm mic ) how be you fix for sister Genevieve ? peter ( fm mic ) gold plate stuff . her immuno plasma be still the strongest therapy we have get against ebola ... at least in my guinea pig . Peter reverently hold up a packet of plasma to the glass mark " sister G . " Johnson savor it . a long lose friend . johnson ( fm mic ) sister " G " ... she beat ebola -- she beat it -- then die of aids three year later she pick up in the same hospital ... Hell , nobody say life be fair . peter ( fm mic ) we be down to less than four unit . johnson ( fm mic ) that 's not quite enough to fight a epidemic . peter ( fm mic ) if sister " G " be alive , I could clone she immune cell for my synthetic antibody trial . we could crank out anti-ebola serum like a chinese noodle factory . we could immunize we troops -- dog -- cat -- even politician -- the two man share a moment of hopeful laughter . johnson ( fm mic ) c'mon . let 's blow this fishtank . beer and pulitzer pizza on I . Peter do not move . he shake he head reluctantly " no . " johnson ( fm mic ) you be a good virologist , Pete . Karl put he glove hand on the glass by Peter 's . peter - at the window this funny little man in a blue spacesuit smile shyly from the bl4 lab window like a big lonely blue fish . CUT to : int . jaxx be vet clinic - late night Gerry check the leg cast on a birddog . blackhawk snooze at he foot . suddenly the Big bouvier be up -- alert -- jaxx enter from the house carry a couple of beer still in she travel clothes . ever up . tireless . jaxx room service . she hug Gerry from behind rock to and for . gerry I will give you about a hour to stop that -- she plop beside he and pop the beer . gerry how 's the legendary Dr. Johnson ? still the " lady man " ? jaxx I would not kick he out of bed . she 's prick he . Gerry punch she half - jealous . gerry so ? you be go to nuke the monkey house ? jaxx no. just one room . about a hundred " cynos . " synergy 's stonewall . they be still argue . cdc be low key the whole thing to " John q . " Gerry whistle he disapproval . jaxx c.j. put I in charge of the monkey operation . I be look for " a few good man -- and woman . " gerry what about Army s.w.a.t.? jaxx they will not touch it . gerry what about special force ? jaxx they will not touch it . gerry Colonel , jaxx , you do not need the Green beret . I have get more military experience handle disease animal than even anybody at riid . I be you first volunteer . Gerry take she in he arm . she break off troubled . gerry I have see this look on you before . this be the " we daughter need a training bra stare . " you be worried about the kid ? jaxx they be grow up so fast . I be think -- if anything happen ... to either of we , I would feel better if the kid where someplace safe ... gerry we can send they down to my folk for a early holiday ... so they miss a couple of day of school before Thanksgiving . they will not mind -- Gerry hold she to he . she get a chill . jaxx this be " closehold " info . we can not even tell Jason and Jamie why . CUT to : ext . jaxx be house - morning Gerry load the kid 's duffel in he pickup . jaxx say goodbye to Jamie . Jason hang back . jamie Mom ? what 's go on ? jaxx do not worry , hon . we be go to be real busy at the lab and -- Jamie instantly go on the offensive . jamie -- and you just do not want I around when you off a bunch of defenseless guinea pig . right ? Jamie pull away from they embrace . jaxx Jamie -- I will explain it all -- jamie ( not interested ) dad get out of the army . why can not you ? silence . Jamie climb in and slam the door glaring at she mother through the windshield . jaxx put on a braveface -- jaxx see you Thanksgiving . tell popsy and mama to bring they appetite . Love you ... -- watch they leave . blackhawk bark they away . CUT to : ext . USAMRIID animal farm - afternoon a pastoral farm . sheep and goat graze . several horse roam the corral . the oddity be the army men and women assemble at the barn in camouflage fatigue . officially , they be classified as " 91 tango Animal handlers . " the veterinarian Corps . jaxx address they . super : friday , NOV . 19 - USAMRIID animal farm - 0800 hrs . jaxx the General Public pretty much believe we be into biological warfare and torture animal for research -- I know my daughter do -- laughter ripple . jaxx we know we mission be to save human life on the battlefield -- most be in they " teens . " klage be there with sgt . pierra , she boyfriend . godwin hold a baby goat feed it milk from a bottle . jaxx now we have a chance to do just that right where we live . this operation involve a high degree of risk . you will be work in a densely populate area under close quarter to euthanize disease animal infect with a rare and most deadly pathogen . grave face stare back at she . she try to lighten up . jaxx hey -- the Green beret pass . Fighting viruse do not suit they image , they say . the navy seal chicken out . you be 91 tango Animal Care specialist ! you be better train for this operation than any branch of the military ! Big reaction from the young group . klage and she boyfriend lead the whoop . jaxx this be on a volunteer basis . I can not tell you how important we success be to the safety of thousand of innocent people . this bring everyone down to earth . klage squeeze she boyfriend 's hand and step forward . klage I would like to help , Colonel . jaxx nod . klage be only a few year older than Jamie . immediately she boyfriend " volunteer " too . then another . jaxx thank you . this be closehold info . we do not want a panic before the operation . no discussion with family or friend . be I clear ? godwin pipe up with she goat . godwin Colonel , jaxx , m'am . my folk have to sign a waiver for I to get in the Army . I be still 17 . I do not want to miss this -- jaxx beam with pride at the bravery of this kid . jaxx I would be proud to have you , pvt. godwin . but you need a note from you mother . laughter . godwin be embarrassed . jaxx give she a Mom hug . int . barn - morning jaxx spot Johnson feed a big clydesdale . she enter . jaxx well , we have the first bio-hazard team in U.S. history -- johnson do not matter what kind of war it be -- we still send kid to do the fight . jaxx I send mine to grandma 's house . Johnson grin , then see jaxx be not try to be funny . silence . he handfeed more oat to the horse . johnson we be look at one of life 's true mystery . jaxx eye he , puzzle . he lead the horse out . johnson ebola will not even make this horse even a little sick , a dumb animal . but the same bug can wipe out the most intelligent species on Earth . ext . barn - continuing action johnson make you wonder who 's the smarter species -- we or they ... Johnson turn the horse loose . it bolt into the pasture . jaxx look at he long and hard . jaxx you find the viruse beautiful , do not you ... it 's not a question . it 's she scientific observation . johnson ( softly , gently ) oh yeah . look at ebola under a electron microscope be like look at a gorgeously wringht ice castle . the thing be so cold . so totally pure . there Pov - the pastoral setting around they the upper potomac gleam before the appalachian . johnson this viruse have be on Earth a long , long time . along come the human invasion . too many people violate the habitat . he pick up a handful of hay to illustrate -- johnson we clear a forest , the virus come out . it do not " emerge . " we crash right into the bug . bam. epidemic . we population get thin out . this be nature . -- toss strand away until the last straw remain . jaxx wiping we out ? it can not get that far -- can it ? johnson nobody 's safe from this bug , Nancy . none of we -- jaxx reach out take the last straw . CUT to : int . monkey house - day a notice : all operation other than feeding , observation and cleaning be suspended . anyone entering animal room must have full protection , respirator and glove . dead animal be to be double bagged and place in refrigerator . S. girard widen to : tiny ; read the notice in the maintenance room . his eye be red . he 's sweat . deke , the handler who look like a biker , be panicked . deke what 's all this ' spose t'mean -- ? tiny wipe he forehead . he 's spook but hide it . tiny ah , just " monkey flu , " prob'ly . int . monkey house - front office - day the room be jamme with handlers and lab worker . two eis officer in white military style uniform sit at the desk interview people one by one and take blood sample . tiny be next in line before deke . girard roam uneasily . everyone in the room look uneasy . reese field question . a black woman cut he off -- black woman I do not care what happen in Africa . I wanna know if I be gonna get sick work here and maybe die ' fore my child get home from school -- this be not the " low key " meeting reese have hope for . reese please just be calm . one of the epidemic investigator will take care of you . ( point to eis officer ) you bloodtest be confidential . if you have any of the symptom -- call we immediately . the view rocket in on tiny - at the examination table he watch he blood rise in the vial from the needle in he arm . squeamish -- sweat rivulet run down he nose . CUT to black . fade in : ext . monkey house - early morning all angle . silent . wait . CUT to : int . jaxx home - same time jaxx feed she menagerie . this could be the last time . maggie , the old bulldog , manage to wake up for a big face lick . her parrot wolf whistle . jaxx ( ritual ) thanks , guy . eat you heart out girl . blackhawk jump up for a hug , almost refuse to let she go as if the dog know there be danger ahead . Gerry enter , duffel bag in hand . it 's time . ext . post housing - early morning pvt . klage exit in she civvy and get in a wait car drive by she boyfriend , sgt . pierra . they drive on . int . post housing apt . - early morning pvt . godwin talk on the phone to she mother . godwin ( on phone ) everything 's fine , Mom , really . I have to go , Mom . Love you , too . int . hot suite - early morning Peter check he blood under the scope . he " high - fives " air -- mark another day on he calendar . " Three to go . " he do some jump jack to rev himself up . CUT to : ext . USAMRIID bitter cold . overcast . EIGHT army member load the three white unmarked van with anesthesia / euthanasia gear , ice chest for sample , etc . all wear civvy . jaxx ( v.o. ) action report , Col. Nancy jaxx . November 20th . assemble team at Post , 0630 . civilian clothes for drive to reston to avoid attention -- johnson pitch in with jaxx and gerry load gear . a 4 man airborne medical isolator team load a isolator stretcher -- hermetically seal with its own air supply . Orange spacesuit with bubble helmet be stack on top . jaxx ( v.o. ) no personnel with experience in racal spacesuit except I ; I have ask the airborne Medical isolator team to give technical support -- inside lead van - godwin and klage sit in back " shuck " syringe ; i.e. remove the wrapper from syringe and load they with anesthetic . jaxx ( v.o. ) mood tense ... anticipation high ... they eye the stretcher warily as it 's load . casualty ? rear door close - blackening the screen CUT to : ext . monkey house - morning a few people be go to work in other building . girard park in front of synergy . he Pov - MAIN entrance deke , the handler , be stand on the lawn wear a respirator , glove and heavy jumpsuit . girard get out furious . girard what be you do outside ? people can see -- deke suddenly raise he respirator , drop to he knee and vomit . girard recoil . " scare shitless . " sharp CUT to : ext . interstate 495 - morning the White van creep in rush hour traffic . inside lead van - stuck in traffic Johnson smoke anxiously read the Washington Post . we see the inside headline : " deadly ebola virus found in Va. Laboratory monkey : animal send to U.S. from Philippines . " johnson ( read ; cring with the word ) " this virus do not spread that easily , " say cdc expert Chuck reese , " there 's a low probability of someone get infect . " high angle - I 495 - continuing action the traffic stretch to the potomac . the Washington monument and Capitol hill gleam white in the morning sun . radio ( v.o . ) -- and v.p. , Dan quayle say to reporter President Bush be not break he " read my lip " promise . it 's Congress who 's force he to ask for new tax -- intercut : war room - USAMRIID - same time local news play on three tvs . c.j. cover he phone , signal a deputy c.o . c.j. it 's girard . they have get a man down . get reese -- and Johnson . intercut : girard - in he office paramedics carry deke out on a litter . girard be scared . girard ( on phone ) he 's get symptom . I be evacuate the building and ... I be officially request the Army to destroy all the monkey ... sterilize the whole facility ... to c.j. - war room c.j. ( on phone ) I will need that in write . the team 's already enroute . CUT to : tight on fax machine - a message scroll out it 's from girard . c.j. read it . the " go ahead . " resume : the lead van - clear traffic ahead Karl hang up the mobile phone . he 's pump . johnson the good news be we be nuke the whole colony . the bad news be the virus just jump species . a handler go to the hospital with symptom . it will be all over the six o'clock news . ahead - there Pov the reston exit sign rush toward they . CUT to : ext . monkey house - rearview - morning the van deploy on the grass behind the building . girard wait at the maintenance door with the 2 eis officer . team Pov - inside the van Gerry and the rest of the team watch from the van as girard and jaxx speak inaudibly . he hand she the key to the building and the sign release . he practically run to he car -- he can not wait to get out of there . the eis officer head inside . jaxx signal . the van - door OPEN ait personnel pile out and carry equipment inside . jaxx tell everyone to hit the head . once they suit up the only place to go be down you leg . maj . haine , the ait leader , crack up . tension release . int . lead van - morning Gerry throw sheet of plastic over a rope divide the back of the van into a crude change room . the near side : Gerry and sgt. pierra strip naked . shiver in the cold , they jerk on surgical scrub . the far side : klage and godwin laugh embarrassed . klage start shuck clothes . then godwin . both freezing cold . outside - johnson - day care CENTER in view jaxx join he . the sound of child echoe in the air . johnson Nice neighborhood . kid . fast food . disease monkey . good city plan . there Pov - through the tree the playground and happy child . jaxx purge she guilt . jaxx we be carry out this o.p. next to child -- we should have tell they -- we should have evacuate they . johnson why do not you ? jaxx order . might start a panic . I would pick panic over a epidemic anyday . push in close on johnson CUT to : int . monkey house staging area - morning the storeroom be crowded . the ait 's help klage , godwin , sgt. pierra , maj. haine , Lt. Rice , Gerry jaxx and Johnson into the orange lightweight racal spacesuit and plastic bubble helmet . the eis officer observe . note : this process require one person act as " dresser " -- like put armor on a knight . Brown sticky tape be apply to all seam and zipper . suiting up continue throughout this scene . jaxx enter shiver in she scrub . she lay down stick she leg up . the ait leader spread she suit leg . she pull they on . she brief as she suit up . this like a cadence . jaxx I know they look like " k - Mart special , " but the racal will protect you in bl4 condition . once again she evoke some nervous laughter release tension . she strap she battery pack blower on she back . jaxx you have get six hour on the air pump battery . so decon out before it fail or you be in trouble . she hold up a roll of sticky tape -- jaxx this suit be fragile . monkey claw and fang will slice they like butter -- if you get a rip -- she easy rip a rend in she leg spook everyone . jaxx -- tape it shut fast or contaminate air can flow inside . I keep extra tape around my leg just in case . she tape the rend shut . Gerry check the seal . godwin and klage look at each other . " what have we do ? " jaxx be exquisitely careful . stick with you buddy . watch for rip in each other 's suit . she pull on she glove and tape the wrist . jaxx know where you hand be at all time . if you get blood on you , stop and clean it off . with bloody glove , you can not see hole in they . believe I , I know from experience ... Gerry ? Gerry hold up a syringe -- gerry never hand a use needle to you buddy . if a needle come out of its cap , it go straight into a animal -- he fix the syringe on the end of a special pole with a syringe clamp on the end . a deadly spear . gerry do not recap it . you could stick yourself . bag it . he remove the syringe and drop it in a disposable bag . jaxx everyone decon out to the cold side for a fifteen minute break every two hour . if you get tired , or sick -- tell you supervisor . on the bio - hazard team godwin , maj. haine , Lt. Rice , maj. Powell , Gerry jaxx and Karl Johnson . one by one , the ait team fit clear bubble helmet over they head and tie they in place . klage ' suit pressurize make she look fat . nervous giggle . lot of sweat . all excited and scared . jaxx Karl ... anything to add ...? Johnson take a moment , then -- johnson we be go to euthanize a whole building full of animal as humanely as possible . remember , they be sick and die . they be catch up in this ... it 's not they fault . face in helmet . grimset . scare . Air blower kick on one by one . fm headsets activate . johnson ( fm mic ) do not forget for a second -- they carry the most deadly virus know . let 's go . we will go in by twos -- the team grab up gear and line up like paratrooper -- Gerry press he helmet to jaxx 's . gerry ( fm mic ) how be I suppose to kiss you good - bye , Colonel ? jaxx ( fm mic ) we be on the air , ger. watch you " six . " she point behind he . the team be smile at they . jaxx press she helmet to she lip with she pointer finger then press it to he . they eye say it all . there Pov - the door push in on the Red trefoil biohazard symbol until it fill the view -- int . gray zone - continuing action the staging area door open slowly . Light spill into the long dark hallway lead to the hold room . gerry and johnson step into the " gray zone . " the air be heavy . dense . no sound from the monkey . Gerry instantly pour sweat . they helmet fog up -- johnson ( fm mic ) damnit -- can not see . it 's burn up in here . must be 90 degree -- gerry ( fm mic ) thermostat ? let 's find it . they head into the musky corridor . fluorescent light glow that " end -of - the-world - red " in the heavy musky air . to jaxx - at the threshold one breath and she lead the team in by twos . klage and godwin pause at the door . we hear : they breathe , the rush of air , they heartbeat . they squeeze each other 's hand , and enter -- follow johnson and gerry - helmet Pov fogge helmet . Air pump rush . poor vision . they turn the corner at the cage wash area -- face to face with two men -- monkey handlers Pov - being in spacesuits come right at they . the handlers look at each other . they be in jeans and t-shirt . what the hell be go on ? gerry ( through helmet ) what the hell be you do here ?! this be a hot zone -- loc , the vietnamese , point to the dismantle thermostat and speak rapidly in he language . Johnson understand . johnson ( in vietnamese ) he do not mean " heat " -- " death . " " killing field . " leave now . they escort the two frighten Men away . int . staging area - the airlock door open the two frighten man enter . Gerry slam the door behind they . the two eis officer on duty look up surprised . int . gray zone - minute later quick cut : klage and godwin lay out necropsy tool on a bleed table ; scalpel , cutter , lancet , pipettes , blood syringe -- the " sharp . " pierra set out row of " kill syringe . " rice stack plastic bag and biohazard body box . with jaxx and johnson - room " F " they pause at the door to room " F . " Karl carry a mop handle with a " U - shape " prong on the end to hold the monkey . jaxx carry the pole and a bag of syringe . she signal down the hall to : gerry and maj . haine ; ready at door " h . " Gerry count three -- they enter . int . room F - jaxx be Pov - through helmet Johnson push open the door with he broom handle . it 's dark . visibility poor . instantly monkey screech and rattle about . a unnerve cacophony in the gloom . jaxx ( fm mic ) cynos have not be feed . they be freak -- Hunger get they hostile . helmet pove - misty image appear dreamlike monkey eye staring at US . nose bleeding . fang flashing . paw clawing at US through the bar . to johnson : sound of Africa surround he . he blink . flash to : monkey swarming over he rover face of the dead . Burning hut . the big male stand four foot tall on he hood screeching at he -- resume : monkey house - tight on monkey screech from its cage . Karl jerk back breathe hard . jaxx appear beside he . jaxx Karl ? Karl ! you okay ? he nod , he heart pound . int . room h - follow gerry and haine move from cage to cage with precision and rhythm ; haine pin a monkey with the mop handle o.s. , gerry thrust he pole syringe in the cage inject the animal o.s. Gerry dump the use syringe and load another . they move like a martial art kata . CUT to : ext . day care CENTER - day - monkey house in b.g. Children play enjoy the day . ext . reston ST . - same time people come and go at the McDonalds across the street . down the block at the amoco Station , more mundane life . the grocery store advertise " butterball turkey . " CUT to : int . fairfax hospital - isolation room - same time deke lay sedate in a oxygen tent . reese be there with two hospital official and medical staff who be nervous . reese full barrier gear ; scrub , glove , mask must be wear . I do not want any other patient on this floor until we do the bloodwork and find out if he 's really contract the virus . c.j. pull he aside . the doctor talk uneasily o.s. c.j. let 's get he back to the post . we medical slammer have bl4 isolation . we med-staff be train for this -- reese we will contain it here . protect the public from infectious disease be we jurisdiction . do not make a scene , c.j. , please -- c.j. a scene ? this guy 's bloodwork be do here in they lab . if it 's lethal with virus and contamination occur , this hospital will go up like wildfire . reese escort c.j. politely from the room . CUT to : resume : monkey house - int . gray zone - later klage bag liver and spleen sample and put they in a cooler full of organ . her glove be cover in blood . she wash the bloody table with clorox then place another monkey down . she pick up a swab and take a nose sample , flip it , take another -- close on - godwin drawing blood from a sedate monkey . ( only syringe and part of monkey hindquarter visible ) . as blood fill the tube ; tilt up to : godwin sing softly to the monkey , like mother to child -- Eric clapton 's " tear in Heaven . " as she place the blood vial in a box fill with blood sample , we see she be cry . close on pierra - feeling the pressure he fumble for a scalpel with he glove . he slit the top from a cadaver bag and peer in . ( we do not see what he see ) . his breathe be rapid . pierra ( fm mic ) can not breath in here . klage turn to he . check he out -- klage ( fm mic ) you okay ? inside suit - helmet Pov sweat rivulet run down he forehead into he eye . his faceplate fog up . he wipe instinctively with he glove smear the visor on he wet face make it worse . pierra ( fm mic ) get I outta this fuckin ' thing ! outside suit - wider he wipe he faceplate violently with he glove . the scalpel in he hand slice the clear plastic bubble open . Air rush out . he go nut -- pierra ( fm mic ) aw , fuck ! I be leak ! oh shit ! klage force the scalpel from he hand . he flail , knock over the tray of sharp . his airhose uncouple . gerry enter the Gray Zone on the double . he grab pierra from behind pin he arm back . klage get right in he face klage ( through helmet ) sergeant ! look at I ! pierra do -- military reflex . klage , in control , rip a piece of brown sticky tape from a roll on she sleeve -- and tape shut the tear in he faceplate . Gerry rehook he hose . Air rush in . his suit hold it . gerry ( fm mic ) you be okay ! you be not lose air pressure . pierra instantly calm . he smile sheepishly at klage -- pierra ( fm mic ) thanks ... buddy ... -- and faint on the floor in he clumsy suit . int . staging area - continuing action Gerry and klage help pierra through the door . Rice and haine instantly hose the trio down with disinfectant . Gerry be exhaust . he 's white as a ghost . and age -- klage thanks , Mr. jaxx -- you look -- older -- gerry ( meeting she gaze ) I think I just feel that way . ( look around concerned ) where 's Nancy ? have she take a break yet ? Johnson ? klage indicate " no . " int . room k - low angle jaxx crawl into frame on she hand and knee . she load another pole syringe and peer into the next cage . she vapor lock -- stare at a very scary sight . her Pov - a empty OPEN cage jaxx ( fm mic ) we have get a loose one ! she stand up peer around the dank dark room . it could be anywhere . karl pop up on the other side of the row scare the shit out of she -- jaxx ( fm mic ) aw -- Jesus Christ -- johnson ( fm mic ) I do not think so -- ! where would it go ? he fumble he flashlight on check the lower cage . jaxx ( fm mic ) just keep look -- something rattles in the corner . they wheel . nothing . Johnson 's air blower suddenly stop . his suit begin to deflate . he turn to jaxx -- johnson ( fm mic ) nancyyyy -- she spanks he battery pack . it sputter to life . he smile in relief . it die again . jaxx ( fm mic ) it 's dead . get out of here . johnson ( fm mic ) I be not leave you . I have get two minute air in the suit -- up in the ceiling - predator Pov - looking down a shadowy figure move impossibly along the ceiling right above they . sitting duck . johnson be Pov - through helmet his flashlight fan the heavy air check the room . sedate monkey in they cage . suddenly the dim light from overhead begin to sway -- he pan he light up to : big eye in the shadow a fierce Green perches on the sprinkler pipe like a gargoyle -- hiss at the human . gnash fang , blood run from it 's eye and nose . jaxx stand up in view jaxx ( fm mic ) oh shit , I do not like this -- jaxx be Pov - through helmet it leap shrieking . right at we . eye bulg wild . johnson pull her to the deck -- the monkey slam into the cage -- swing wildly from one to another . follow jaxx and johnson Chasing it along the wall -- johnson ( fm mic ) we have get a loose one in " k . " somebody bring a net ! with jaxx - looking around she lose it . she turn . the 4 foot tall thing spring at her from the floor . jaxx and monkey - face to face lung , snap at she . jaxx grab it 's arm and leg block it 's attack . the infect monkey have become a primordial beast , " raptor-like , " a kill machine . johnson poke it with he mop handle . the thing sink its fang into the handle and will not let go -- Johnson sling the monkey -- through the AIR -- int . corridor - continuing action the monkey burst out the door slide on the floor . it take off run . jaxx and Johnson shove out of room k give chase . jaxx ( fm mic ) we get a contagious cyno head for the Gray Zone ! int . gray zone corridor - monkey Pov - running he turn a corner head right for the bleed table . gerry enter from the staging area . he grab a net shouting a warning . klage turn grab a syringe . the monkey rush she -- klage stab with the syringe . the monkey leap -- it run right up her arm and right over her helmet -- -- leap on the bleed table -- dump sample , knock over the blood vial , screeching at cadaver -- Gerry lunge at it with the net just miss -- the staging room door suddenly open again -- haine , the ait leader , look in to check out the noise . the monkey instantly leap on the man . the monkey - jaw OPEN wide - fang exposed it chomp down hard crunching completely through the ait leader 's hand . blood spew . jaxx charge hard with Johnson and Gerry . jaxx get a medic in here ! the monkey escape through the staging room door . int . staging room - continuing action as the monkey enter ; Johnson and Gerry right behind . johnson door !! daylight . ait volunteer carry box monkey sample to the van be in the way . Gerry crash into they . monkey Pov - running the back door be open . daylight . johnson dive slamm the door shut ... too late . CUT to : ext . alleyway - monkey Pov - running like a shark attract to the sound of play and laughter , it zero in on the Day Care Center . ext . day care playground - continuing action kid suddenly stop play on the swing . more look up from the sandbox . a little boy giggle with delight . little boy monkey ! monkey ! there Pov - the monkey bound toward they . Three space people in spacesuit be chase it . with net . jaxx get the child inside ! run ! get away ! get away from it ! monkey Pov - running kide run away in all direction . a teacher grab two toddler scream at the other to run . the jungle gym - continuing action it head right for it , scatter kid everywhere as it scurries about the bar hiss and screeching -- the monkey leap - airborne the sandbox - continuing action the monkey land -- five foot away from a traumatize two year old girl . she sit cry . too frighten to run . to jaxx - running jaxx please , no -- please -- she flash to : Jamie sit in the sandbox -- then Jason . resume : reality - the monkey open its jaw wide raise to its full height -- four foot ; big as a child . jaxx lunge landing in the sand between child and beast -- she syringe in hand -- the Big monk hiss -- and topple over dead ... to jaxx : in shock herself . she try to comfort the frighten child , but hold back from touch she -- jaxx it 's okay now . yes , yes , everything 's alright -- it 's okay -- the Day Care teacher grab the child up -- she glare down at jaxx with disdain . sharp CUT to : on tv - reese and c.j. talk to Reporters outside fairfax Hospital . reese run the show play down the day 's event . reese ( tv ) the Army harvest the monkey colony as a precaution with the cdc 's cooperation -- c.j. shoot angry look at reese try to keep he cool . reese ( tv ) we have one worker who have close contact with the monkey here in isolation but he have not be diagnose with the virus yet -- reese ( tv ) I can assure you the virus have be contain and there be no further danger of exposure to the public -- sharp CUT to : ext . USAMRIID - rear entrance parking lot - sundown Doors kick open from the lead white van . the six man AIR medical isolator team jump out carry the vicker isolator stretcher double time . maj . haine be visible inside . his mangle hand bandage and bloodstain . ext . USAMRIID - side view - continuing action the team set the stretcher onto a steel track protrude from a hatchway in the building wall . the lead man open the outer hatch and bang on the inner one . the isolator - victim Pov we be inside look over the victim 's foot . the inner wall hatch open . the team grab both side and shove the isolator on the track -- through the wall and into : int . the slammer - victim Pov - continuing action a maximum containment ( bl4 ) intensive care hospital room . the isolator insert inside another plastic chamber surround a hospital bed . Bright light reflect through the plastic isolator wall . figure in blue spacesuits approach . they insert they arm through glove port into the isolator . with precision , they drag maj . haine onto the hospital bed ; then shove the stretcher out the hatch and close it . maj . hoskins , a female doctor , inspect the bandage hand while other hand cut away the man 's clothes . maj . hoskins ( fm mic ) let 's get some antiviral in he . ribovirin -- 40 cc 's -- 60 interferon -- doctor hook i.v. bag of antiviral to the victim . maj. hoskins inject haine with a sedative to calm he down . inside the isolator - time slow the spacesuit doctor all move in eerie slow motion . the scene look like a ufo alien abductee 's nightmare . dissolve to : ext . jaxx' backyard - thanksgive day a perfect fall day . crisp blue sky . last Autumn leave . the face of jamie run toward US in slow motion CUT to : intercut : the hot suite - same time widen from : Peter ceremoniously place he blood on the electron microscope . tense , nervous . this be it . resume jaxx' backyard : johnson fade back in slow motion Jason blitzes with blackhawk . Karl pump and throw -- the football spiral through the AIR -- intercut : the hot suite - peter pump he fist in triumph . we follow he to the wall calendar where he mark a big red " X " through " E " day . Thanksgiving . he make it . super : thanksgive day , 0930 hrs . resume : jaxx be backyard - play in progress jamie fake and cut around Gerry . Gerry leap tipping the football -- right into jamie' hand . she run . c.j. can not catch she . she 's too fast -- he 's out of shape . Jamie score , throw a aerial and spike the ball . on the sideline - the fan roar Nancy , with popsy and mama , Gerry 's parent , hoot and holler from the deck . gumby , the kinkajoo , turn one flip after another as it scamper to Jamie and jump in she arm . intercut : ext . USAMRIID - same time Peter exit jubilant , savore the sun . his wife , gayle and two young daughter descend on he from the car in a massive group hug . CUT to : int . jaxx be house - later Gerry open the front door . it 's Peter and he family . peter guess who 's come to dinner ? gerry hey -- everybody -- the guest of honor have arrive . Gerry lead Peter , gayle and he family into the de where the gang be watch football on tv . c.j. be up pump Peter 's hand , genuinely thrilled . peter ( quietly ) I be clean . no big " E " -- c.j. then this bug 's for you -- I mean " Bud " -- Pete crack up . Jamie bring a tray of beer and pick up empty . Peter and c.j. clink fresh can and swig . follow jamie ; she shake each can on the way back to the kitchen . ah , a swallow . she look around and take the swig . not bad . not good either . in the kitchen - same time jaxx check the turkey in the oven . jaxx Fifteen minute everybody ! gayle stick she head in . she theatrically wipe she forehead and let out a big " whew . " jaxx stop what she 's do and give she a big hug . in the menagerie sunporch - day the gang react loudly to the football game off in the other part of the house . Karl be alone in the room fix on the exotic bird . jaxx stick she head in , then quietly enter . johnson remind I of the jungle . Nice . jaxx you do not have to feed they everyday . uh -- Pete 's here . look good . johnson ( not over enthusiastic ) I hear . jaxx so? well ? be not you glad I force you out of retirement ? he study she as if try to place she . johnson maybe . I be just not so sure we dodge a bullet like Pete say . jaxx do not you ever shut down ? relax ? she lead Karl by the hand firmly toward the kitchen . jaxx the decon team 's nuke the monkey house right now . it will be the only spot on the planet where not one live thing exist -- johnson okay , fine , but we do not quarantine the monkey handler and the other employee . any one of they could be viral bomb walk around out there somewhere wait to go off . he gesture to the outside world . jaxx glare at he . jaxx oh -- happy Thanksgiving -- in the kitchen - continuing action everybody 's pitching in . she squeeze Karl in between c.j. , Gerry , Jason and he grandfather at the stove . jaxx put this guy to work before he brood to death . gerry ( to Karl ) halftime -- as if to explain they action . Peter slip a baggie on each of Karl 's hand and shove they in a batter bowl . the guy be balling hush puppy and drop they in the sunbeam electric skillet . Gerry throw a touchdown puppy to Peter who feign a slam dunk into the skillet . the sunbeam skillet - looking down the hushpuppy drop in the skillet and sizzle in oil . match CUT to : another sunbeam skillet - looking down a heat-suited decon teamer drop a handful of " para - formaldehyde " crystal into the skillet . they sizzle . int . monkey house - same time the view track along 10 extension cord -- each run the length of the " gray zone " -- one veer off into each room . we turn into : room F it 's completely barren and spotless . the cord connect up 8 sunbeam skillet . all set to " high . " formaldehyde crystal fry -- plume of lethal gas billow up -- in room h - continuing action more skillet billow gas . moth drop to the floor dead . two mice run from behind the monkey cage ... and die . gas fume engulf the room and obliterate the view dissolve to : a steaming turkey floating through the AIR cook to perfection . int . jaxx be house - continuing action Gerry parade the turkey through the house lead everyone into the dining room . Peter set he beer can down as he follow the crowd . jamie move into frame : she pick Peter 's can up with some other . it 's not empty . she take a swig . she feel someone watch in mid-chug . she turn -- to jason ; watch she in mock brotherly shock . Jamie comically crush the can in she hand indicate he can expect the same treatment if he snitch . Jason laugh at she over - the-top-macho - girl act . int . dine room - high angle - looking down we hover like God above the table and feast . pure americana . everyone join hand around . head bow . Gerry 's father say the bless -- father let we pray -- we give thanks -- this day , for family and friend -- the prayer continue over : int . restaurant - same time chuck reese , he family and friend , gather round for they own celebration . the waiter and waitress deliver the food and dress as pilgrim . CUT to : int . girard be VA . home - same time prayer continuing girard bow he head with he wife , family and grandchildren around they table . push in close on girard : head bow , eye close . ever so slowly , a crimson stream of blood roll from he nose and trickle onto he plate . he look down startle -- girard be Pov - he plate he 's bleed into he mashed potato . a steady drip - drip-drip . he grab up he napkin , horrify . int . ROADHOUSE - day prayer continuing a redneck / biker bar . Dead animal decorate the wall . tiny dance to the jukebox with a fresh beer . he blow the foam right at we in slow-motion -- -- spritzing the white trash girl he 's dance and smooching on . she lick the foam off he chin . she steal he mug , dance seductively , drink he beer . tiny - closer watch the girl turn he on . we see petechiae on he cheek . his eye red . a trickle of blood roll from he nose . he wipe it off with the back of he hand unaware . int . fairfax hospital - same time prayer continuing in the isolation room : deke , the biker monkey handler , look worse . a nurse , wear full barrier scrub , glove and mask , place another anti-viral i.v. bag on he stand . a women eis officer observe . siren squeal o.s. int . emergency room - same time prayer continuing paramedics roll in loc , the vietnamese monkey handler . the poor man be curl up with severe abdominal pain . the examination room - minute later prayer continuing loc speak in vietnamese . he 's frighten . a nurse clean vomit from he face . nurse he 's run a fever . hundre and one -- nausea -- doctor he do not speak English , great . the young doctor on duty examine he distend lower abdomen . loc wince in pain -- doctor right lower quadrant pain , rebound tenderness -- where 's that bloodwork ? a orderly stick he head in with chart -- orderly this guy 's white blood count 's way up . acute shift to the leave . atypical lymphocyte -- loc plead in vietnamese . the young Doctor think hard -- doctor right . let 's get he appendix out -- int . o.r. - minute later prayer continuing tight on scalpel : the Doctor make the incision in loc 's lower bloat abdomen . blood spew under pressure from the open dousing the Doctor -- ebola blood . we hear : " amen " -- sharp CUT to : int . jaxx be den - day abrupt laughter as the Men smoke cigar and tell " war storey . " c.j. scoff at Peter 's small scar on he palm . c.j. check this out -- he roll up he sleeve and plop he arm on the table . a ugly jag scar travel the length of he forearm . peter oh right -- a virus do that ? must have be King Kong 's . c.j. a machete do that . this bolivian Chief think the vaccine I be try to give he be poison -- Karl save my cojone -- laughter . Karl chop the table like a machete . c.j. grab he groin . Karl be actually enjoy himself . johnson I make a deal . the Chief would let I shoot he with the syringe -- if -- he let everybody hang for a second -- johnson if I would let he shoot I in the same spot with he blow gun . gerry well -- where would he shoot you ? Karl shy . c.j. cajole . everybody egg he on . Karl stand up reluctantly undoing he trousers . on jaxx - at the kitchen door she crack up with gayle and Jamie . they laughter be suddenly break by c.j. 's beeper . the pierce sound have the effect of a air raid siren on the gather . a momentary hush -- c.j. just stare at it beep . the phone ring . jaxx grab the cordless in the kitchen . jaxx jaxx 's -- push in fast : her horrify expression say it all . outbreak . slam CUT to : int . fairfax hospital - day a madhouse as c.j. , Karl and jaxx arrive . Karl anger . johnson this be not good . the virus could be walk outta here . where the hell be the cdc ? they should be here round the clock ! jaxx ( show she id ) U.S. Army . which way to " isolation " ? a harass orderly point down the " yellow " hall . there Pov - moving through crowd patient in a crush to sign themselves out argue with distraught administrator at the desk . patient # 1 I be discharge myself . I do not want to catch this thing -- a tv news women hound two senior m.d. who be " blow . " news woman how many case do you have ? do you know the virus be spread ? senior m.d . we have not process all the information yet . the Health Department will make a statement -- Excuse we -- they hurry away . a security guard block the News Crew . int . office - isolation ward a young eis Officer talk nervously on a cellular phone -- as johnson , jaxx and c.j. barge in -- johnson you have get a major panic outside Lieutenant . do not you think you should be out there take charge ? jaxx and c.j. flash military i.d. the Officer be spook . eis lt . I be wait for my superior officer . johnson do you have a " index " case ? ( blank look from lt . ) the person who spread the virus ? jaxx and c.j. continue right into the isolation ward . eis lo. hey -- you be not authorize -- ( frazzle to Johnson ) this be only my second month in the field -- I be -- johnson ( with sincere sympathy ) -- just not ready for this . I know . it 's not you fault . hospital corridor - minute later Doors bang open . c.j. push deke , the monkey handler , in the Army isolator litter . he look bad . Karl and jaxx wheel loc right behind in he isolator . he look worse still recover from surgery . reese approach from the other end with eis officer , two administrator and two security guard . a standoff . reese well , I be not surprised to see you here , Karl . you move fast . johnson ( control he anger ) get to stay ahead of the pack . c.j. ( intervene ) Chuck , I be use my authority to move this patient to the slammer . we be better equip . you have get you hand full here . reese bristle . his authority challenge in front of he own people . he check loc 's chart . jaxx e.r. open he up for a crash appendectomy . his peritoneal cavity be full of blood . when they run a check on he , they find out he work at synergy . one o.r. 's contaminate -- so be the hospital lab . a Doctor and two nurse be expose -- johnson ( let go ) you should have quarantine they ! Karl and reese ; face to face -- reese I be quarantining the hospital . ( to he officer ) contain this people and this patient -- unless they be out of the building before I make the order official -- jaxx , Karl and c.j. eye each other amaze . reese have intentionally give they a chance to leave and save face . CUT to : int . emergency room - minute later jaxx lead Karl and c.j. with they patient to a side exit avoid the panic . jaxx c'mon . this way -- CUT to : there Pov - the e.r. Chaos . tv crews be visible campe outside the entrance . police have arrive . Inside , people besiege the staff for attention . jaxx sees girard be wheeled in look deathly pale . reese spot he from across the room . they eye meet . reese isolate that man immediately ! CUT to : ext . e.r. side entrance - a military van back to the ramp as jaxx , Karl and c.j. roll out with the patient . the ait team jump out and load the isolator . the hospital - wider a crowd have gather . Police run yellow tape across the entrance . tv crews throw light on the eerie scene . follow the van - roaring out the drive police set up barricade right behind they . CUT to : int . peter be car - traveling - day a ambulance blow by go the other way . Peter anxiously search the radio for news . the kid pinch and tease each other in the backseat add to the racket . gayle ( tense and worried ) we be almost home . you be make you father nervous -- tight on peter wound up , scan the radio for News . sweat bead break on he forehead . he push he glass up on he nose . he Pov - the road traffic come at they suddenly blur -- then clear -- gayle watch he closely . Peter do not let on . CUT to : ext . peter' home - day he pull up in the driveway . the kid unload . his wife get out to follow -- Peter stay behind the wheel -- peter gayle ? I be go back to the lab . they might need I -- gayle stop cold . she do not like this . gayle go on , kid . wash you hand . Pete ? be you okay ? she move toward he window to kiss he goodbye . he wave before she can get too close and back out . peter I will not be long . promise -- push in close : gayle know something be wrong . please , God , no . she wipe she brief tear so the kid will not see . int . peter be car - traveling - day petechiae begin to pop out on he face . his tear dust bleed red . he sweat feverish . he fight to see the road -- it 's get he . the bug be eat he -- ext . post entrance - he Pov - day the Guard wave he through . his vision blur in and out . int . slammer corridor - day Peter cover he mouth and wave people away . mo . staffer Dr. jahrle -- be you okay ? int . slammer - Pov through glass partition jahrle . he flop on the chair beside the isolator , stick a thermometer in he mouth , tie off he arm and draw he own blood . maj . hoskins enter in the blue spacesuit and take over . CUT to : int . war room - day the place be jump . phone ring . staff shout over the din . tv monitor show News coverage on the " outbreak . " monitor # 1 : a news anchor stand before a world map trace the path of the virus to the U.S. Africa via the Philippines . news anchor ( tv ) the monkey 's voyage bring they by plane from the Philippines , to Amsterdam to JFK 's animal unit and finally to Virginia -- carry deadly virus . how the monkey contract the African ebola virus , the Army and the cdc can only speculate ... please call this number if you have any of the symptom -- super : 1-800-555-virus monitor # 2 : CNN coverage from the mob scene at fairfax Hospital . a female anchor grill the young eis Officer . eis officer ( tv ) we have five confirm case so far -- include three medical staff . female anchor ( tv ) what be they chance for survival ? no answer . awkward silence . to c.j. : on he headset telephone bark order -- c.j. I want Virginia Health department , maryland and D.C. to get every patient in a fifty mile radius to be transfer here to riid -- and all blood sample send to we for immediate testing . you hear I ! a staffer yell from the bank of phone . staffer we have get a case report in D.C. c.j. stick a pin on the map right in the capital . he lock eye with General Russell . " Holy shit . " sharp CUT to : int . slammer - the hatchway - same time ait 's shove loc , the second monkey handler , through the hatch into the slammer . at the partition window - jaxx and johnson shock to see peter ; he face pepper with hemorrhages . jaxx aw , Pete ... I do not believe this be happen . johnson we could all be expose -- jaxx shiver at the think . peter raise up in bed make eye contact with they . sadly , he mouth the word : jaxx ( read he lip ) he want I to call he family . tell they he will not be home for dinner ... ( she nod affirmative ) I copy , Pete . hang in there . Pete understand . he give she " thumb up " and sag back . int . bl3 suite office - later the fridge full of deadly viruse be visible through the glass . jaxx sadly hang up the phone . Karl be with she . jaxx the slammer 's already full and this thing be just get start . c'mon , do not just stand there . get mad ! say , " I tell you so . " johnson that 's not go to save life . we both know none of the antiviral we have get be go to pull this people through . they will be soup in a week . we need a super immuno serum to even have a chance to save anyone . we need a survivor . jaxx well let 's get one ! if we can pull Pete or any one of this patient through , the immunity in one person can save four more with they antibody serum . then sixteen and -- she fix on Pete 's guinea pig through the glass . jaxx Pete 's get guinea pig here that be immune to ebola , a supermonkey who 's beat it . I will bleed this animal dry and spin off some immuno plasma . she 's on fire . a heighten urgency to she every word -- johnson you can not despeciate enough serum from that guinea pig and mouse to treat a epidemic ! we should have be stockpile year ago . jaxx well , what the fuck would you do ? Pete 's die in here -- ! johnson ( frustrated ) we need a " magic bullet . " jaxx instantly understand . she actually smile -- the refrigerator - continuing action jaxx pull out 4 unit from plasma storage and set they on the bench reverently . jaxx sister Genevieve . the last four unit you bring back from Africa . " gold -plate " ebola -eater . Karl savor the container -- he long lose friend . jaxx let 's give the last of sister G. to Pete ... there 's a good chance the serum will give he immune system the boost he need to beat the bug ... we owe it to he . he wipe a stray tear from she cheek . johnson do it . try it . try everything . I wish I would have ten of you in Africa and Panama -- Bolivia -- India -- jaxx do not know how to react to the compliment -- johnson but this epidemic will be hopelessly out of control if we can not get the viral bomb off the street who be out there expose innocent people . jaxx take sister G 's plasma with grim resolve and head down the corridor . from the back , we see she shoulder shudder . she 's cry . CUT to : int . slammer - minute later jaxx give Peter the best she have to offer ; she hook one of the last unit of sister Genevieve 's convalescent serum to he i.v . he force a smile from he isolator . peter hey , what flavor be that ? I order pistachio . jaxx that stuff will rot you tooth . this be sister " G . " nothing but the best for you , Pete . Pete be at a loss for word . jaxx will not let he speak . jaxx the good sister would have want you to have it . get well . she reach in through the glove port and daub the sweat on he face . hemorrhage have pop out all over . the intercom buzy break the moment . more trouble . Peter turn away in tear . as jaxx leave . pan up to : the last of sister Genevieve drip slowly into Pete 's body . int . war room - minute later tight on fax picture of : tiny whippert female eis officer ( o.s. ) we have get every other handler and employee in quarantine -- but we can not find he ; " timothy whippert . " c.j. , jaxx and johnson go over tiny 's personnel file with the exhaust young female eis officer . jaxx this be that handler who dumped that hot cadaver on we -- c.j. checkout he blood test . Johnson pour over the titre chart in tiny 's file . the chart - reactivity of ma-104 cell from antisera Three category . " anti-ebola , " " anti-marburg , " " anti - simian hf . " " o " appear in everything but " anti-ebola . " it 's get number . johnson whoa . High -titre . plus four , plus three , plus four -- Jesus he 's crawl with ebola anti-body . he 's a bomb . jaxx how long ago do he react ? do we know ? c.j. eis just find out he cut himself do a necropsy on a hot cyno about two week ago . johnson if he 's get symptom , he be a walk lethal contagion , one . and two , he 's either dead , or almost dead by now -- or three -- he 's immune -- Johnson turn to jaxx -- she 's almost afraid to say it . jaxx survivor -- Match in a haystack . this be it -- the whole room ignites . female eis officer I make contact with he mother . she say he would go to the mall to the movie . apparently , he 's a ' Bruce Willis ' die-hard fan . c.j. where ? what mall ? c'mon -- c'mon . she point to a spot on the map . Karl be hyper-alarmed . johnson epidemic scenario . worst case . a viral bomb roam densely populate area be more dangerous than a " serial killer . " silence . then the room go into action . c.j. let 's bring he in . and no Police ! slam CUT to : ext . mall - afternoon - quick cut : state police car screech to a halt in front of the mall entrance . troopers pilling out and take up position at the door . CUT to : int . mall - cinema entrance - same time jamme with holiday moviegoer , shopper and cruiser . int . dark theater - continuing action infrare surveillance Pov - scanning the crowd " look who 's talk " on the screen . we hear : bruce willis crack up the audience as the baby . we see : teenager kissing passionately on the back row . they tongue all over each other . pan to : a symphony of people coughing aerosol droplet glisten like snow in projector light . to jaxx - stand back scan the crowd with a infrared night scope . the coughing amplifies , louder , louder , in jaxx 's mind . she finally cover she ear , it 's so annoying . the mall - outside the cinema - follow johnson patrol long " movie " line of people spilling into the main mall . " back to the future 2 , " " little mermaid , " " look who' talking , " " my left foot . " he check he xerox of tiny 's photo , look , search . he Pov - people in slow motion a virologist 's nightmare . everywhere he look he see germ spread . two teenager share puff on the same cigarette . countless runny nose . people coughing -- a cough blast in Karl 's direction , he brushes he jacket off as if tarantulas be crawl on he . a man and woman eat from the same popcorn box with they two child . one child eat stray kernel off the floor unobserve by he parent . the other wipe she runny nose with she bare hand then stick the same " wet " hand in the popcorn box . surveillance Pov - mcdonald ( jaxx Pov ) four fast fooders eat with they hand . all double dip they french fries in the ketchup after each bite . to : jaxx ; now on stakeout in the " food hall " area . she make eye-contact with Karl and " thumb " to the door . to police : stand out like sore thumb at the entrance . they be wear surgical glove . several sport surgical mask . they cause a stir stop shopper to show they tiny 's picture for a reaction . to johnson : he 's steam . cop . he mime put on surgical glove then blow he brain out . he look back to jaxx -- his adrenalin start to pump -- jaxx - talking to a pizza man the man be nodd , absolutely sure , point to tiny 's photo . he turn and point to the public eat area . johnson " S Pov - panning to : there 's tiny . sitting alone woof down burger in overall and hunt shirt . johnson wend through the table , circle the big man . jaxx close on the opposite side talk on a hand radio . the female eis officer react on she radio and signal to two other eis officer through the crowd . they close . johnson be Pov - moving closer he can almost reach out and tap the big man 's shoulder . two police suddenly spot tiny from the other side and head right toward he through the table . tiny spot they , bolt up and head into the crowd -- johnson hurry after he push through people . mall hallway - continuing action tiny be now run bull he way through the crowd . the Police in hot pursuit . Johnson run try to get between tiny and the Police -- police stop right there ! stop ! freeze it ! on tiny - back to camera he reach inside he overall as if to draw a gun -- the police - gun come out police clear ! get outta the way ! people hit the deck . johnson bull past the Police -- jaxx fight she way through the flee crowd -- to tiny - he stop running -- and turn struggle to pull he hand out -- policeman' Pov - gun aimed Johnson be in he line of fire -- suddenly jaxx enter frame disarming the cop with she self - defense wrist lock . jaxx his blood could be more lethal than you gun -- jerk -- stupid -- karl grab tiny's hand and slam he into a merchant 's cart of cheese and smoke sausage . the Big man go down take the cart with he . jaxx and police rush up with the female eis officer . the Big man on the floor pull a handful of steal CD 's from inside he overall . it 's not tiny . big man take them . here . that 's all I get . I swear . Jesus -- I peed in my pants . Karl pull himself up frustrated -- angry . jaxx help he -- jaxx Karl -- ? johnson ah , I can get up by myself . ( to female eis Officer ) do you job , Lieutenant . you be the epidemic police . check he out -- people part . jaxx lead Johnson away . a policeman slap cuff on the Big man . eis officer be you on medication ? the Big man shake " no " as they lead he away . eis officer have you be bitten or scratch by a wild animal ? ( another " no " and a laugh ) have you experience any unusual symptom in the last 24 hour . now the Big man look at he captor suspiciously ; Police in surgical glove . some with mask . big man hey -- what be this ? y'all think I be ebb-duct in a ufo , do not cha ? the crowd laugh . the young eis Officer be embarrassed . CUT to : ext . rundown house - afternoon Karl knock on the door again . johnson Mrs. whippert we just want to ask you some question about you son . we be not the police . jaxx start to speak . then a frighten voice inside -- mrs . whippert ( through door ) I toll that other people who be here earlier where he be . johnson Mrs. whippert , he 's not at the movie -- so why do not you help we ? they both eye the several rack of deer antler nail haphazardly on the porch post . johnson I be a sportsman too , m'am . fishing . you son 's a hunter I see -- silence . he look to jaxx . they be warm , jaxx add a " mother 's concern . " jaxx m'am , I know you be scared , but just understand , you son may be very sick . as a mother myself , I know you really want to help he . a beat . the door slowly open . tiny 's mother peer out . drink in one hand . cigarette in the other . frightened . mrs . whippert well , he toll I not to say nothin ' to nobody when he callt yesterday . he go a huntin' . he 's on up at he cabin ... jaxx and Karl trade glance . " he 's alive " ! CUT to : int . war room - afternoon c.j. hang up the phone . c.j. we get it ! subject be still kick as of yesterday -- he move to the wall map . two deputy aide join he . he put a pin in the map . c.j . the cabin be about seventy - five mile up the Savage River from here . get I topo and recon of this area down to the square foot -- staff get on the phone . push in tight on the map : the pin be in the southeast corner of West Virginia . name like Black rock Canyon , Big run and backbone Mountain appear -- int . slammer - same time two aide in spacesuit wheel deke 's cover body by . int . morgue - limbo the monkey handler 's lifeless face freeze in horrible agony , skin disintegrate , disappear as glove hand zip the body bag over he . the body slide into the rack . the big submarine door close . glove hand crank it shut . CUT to : ext . helipad - late afternoon Karl be load a field isolator into a huey with a ait team . inflatable rubber raft follow . a government vehicle drive right across the open field -- light flash . int . car - moving Pov - helicopter in view the Driver stop . Chuck reese get out and face Karl in the flash light . Johnson be hardly glad to see he . johnson we lose the first monkey handler . first ebola victim on U.S. soil . awkward silence . reese let I go with you . Karl squint at he suspiciously . reese Karl , look , we have quarantine seventeen people this guy may have expose . I should have do it you way . I ... stay behind in Africa all that year ago . in a way , I guess I stay behind ever since ... not this time . karl better to be at the epicenter do something about it -- ? reese beat catch it in the Men 's room at the Burger King -- Karl 's pierce stare morph to a grin . he pick up one end of a field container , reese the other . he 's go . int . slammer area - minute later jaxx pass the Post Clinic . she slow look in the wait room window -- her Pov - clinic waiting room tiny 's mother be there wait to have she blood test . a vietnamese family ( loc 's ) ; a mother and four small child , a couple of biker type -- the room be fill with potential exposure . in the corner , jaxx see the little girl from the sandbox in the arm of she very frighten young mother . closer - jaxx it hit she . her own home . her own family . nobody 's safe . int . jaxx be office - same time she rush in and answer the ringing phone . jaxx ( on phone ) oh , Gerry . I be just go to call you . it 's be so -- she pale . something 's wrong . she sit down hard -- jaxx ( on phone ) Jamie ? oh my god. hundre and three ? when do the bleed start ? CUT to : intercut : jaxx kitchen - same time Gerry look spook . Jason brood at the glass door . blackhawk whine know something be wrong . gerry ( on phone ) Doctor levin come over and give she some antibiotic . " a touch of the flu , " he say , " a 24 hour virus . " to jaxx jaxx ( on phone ) doctor always say that ! " it 's the flu . comeback next week . " to gerry gerry ( on phone ) nance , we have to assume it 's ebola . jaxx be a emotional minefield on the other end . gerry ( on phone ) I do not know . Thanksgiving -- when Pete be here somehow . we may all be incubate the goddamn thing -- to jaxx - jamy picture in view gerry ( v.o. ) ( phone ) get out here quick -- she hang up . her world crash in . she sob . CUT to : ext . helipad - late afternoon Karl and jaxx face each other . Karl be shocked . the huey engine begin to whine . jaxx if she 's get it . Jamie have about seven day to live . I will find a anti-serum that work if I have to squeeze it out of my own vein -- Karl embrace she hold she tight . johnson go get you daughter , Colonel . johnson and jaxx - copter in b.g. he salute she and board the huey . rotor rev up . the helipad - wider c.j. lead jaxx clear as the huey lift off and climb banking toward the mountain in the distance . inside huey - jaxx in the fading light below Karl watch she get smaller and smaller . CUT to black . fade in : the jaxx home - jamie' bedroom - sundown Gerry and they family M.D. , dr . levin , tend Jamie who be burn up with fever . both wear surgical mask . Gerry carefully draw she blood -- dr . levin I can not treat she here , Gerry . we have to move she to the hospital -- gerry ( wit end ) do not you think I know that . Gerry watch he daughter suffer . he finally agree . gerry make they understand she need complete and total isolation . suddenly the thud of a helicopter approach outside . in the menagerie room - continuing action the throbbing intensify . the animal go crazy . Jason run outside with blackhawk . ext . jaxx' backyard - continuing action a rescue copter land on the hill up behind the house . jaxx climb out with 3 ait 's carry a isolator stretcher . Jason have never be so glad to see anybody in he life . jason all right , Mom ! yes ! she hug he on the run try to hold it together . CUT to : int . jaxx be - continuing action popsy hold the door open as jaxx and the team enter . jaxx popsy -- be you and mama okay ? he nod weakly . mama set food on the table -- team leader sorry , m'am . we can not , but thank you . they follow jaxx to Jamie 's room . int . jamie' room - continuing action jaxx nearly break when she see she daughter lie there so still -- as if she 's dead . Gerry brace she up . jaxx bury she head for a moment in he shoulder . then -- jaxx let 's go for a ride , princess . the team gently slide Jamie into the stretcher . jamie ( she voice faint , weak ) Mom -- all I do be sip some beer -- do not be mad -- be I go to die ? Gerry and jaxx trade quietly desperate look . jaxx no way . you have to win the Olympic . CUT to : ext . jaxx be house - continuing action they load Jamie into the copter along with Jason . Gerry have to coax he parent . gerry you have to come too . you could have be expose . I can not leave you here -- popsy and mama look at each other in fear . then popsy take mama 's hand and help she into the copter . high angle - looking down the huey lift off right at we . match CUT to : ext . appalachian - aerial view - sundown Flying upriver on Johnson 's copter through a canyon twenty - five foot above the river . just like Africa -- inside johnson' copter - flying upriver he 's transfix on the rush water glimmer in the die sun . sound of africa swell . go upriver again . pilot Sir -- front 's move in . snow expect . be dark soon . johnson ( snap from he trance ) we have to find that cabin tonight . how much longer -- pilot ten minute to the hot zone -- reese hand Johnson a cup of coffee . reese this be a long shot , Karl . even by you standard . johnson so be ebola ever crossing the Atlantic , remember ? reese nod Karl 's kudo . Karl pull out tiny 's photo . johnson Pete 's a long shot to survive . so be everybody else that show symptom . this guy be expose week ago with the other handler before everyone else -- he throw antibody and be still alive two day ago -- after he partner check into the morgue . that 's a good sign . we would be irresponsible not to go after he . reese well -- too bad you never find that lose tribe in Africa you use to lecture we about -- you know -- the one who pass down immunity over the generation to just about every virus emerge . ( half -jok ) you could be back home fishing right now -- and we would have all the immuno anti-sera we need . johnson I tell you what -- I would kiss that tribe member 's ass on the fifty yard line at the Super bowl if they would just walk out of the jungle right now . Johnson toast he coffee to reese 's . they laugh in much need release . pilot Sir -- come up on the zone -- helicopter Pov - flying - looking forward the Pilot turn on floodlight as they rise up from the river up - up - up a steep rugge cliff wall -- there it be . a small cabin on a cliff overlook the river and mountain . tiny 's funky green Van be park beside it . the van door stand open . on johnson johnson look desert . get in closer . the floodlight pass over : a Deer ... hang from a tree branch -- horribly dismember and strewn about . entrail and blood be splatter all over the Van and the cabin . on johnson - closer johnson the guy 's lose it . dementia . the drum of africa beat louder in Karl 's head . CUT to : ext . cabin - copter hovering in view drum continuing suddenly a assault rifle open up on the copter . tiny stumble out the front door fire wildly . tiny - closer drum continuing his face be pock with hemorrhages . blood be cake around he nose and mouth . tiny leave I alone you fucker ! I know why you come . I be die right here -- right fuck here !! the cabin - wider drum continuing as tiny rake the tree wildly -- hit the copter . the copter - continuing action drum continuing the Pilot dive down the canyon fight the control . smash CUT to : int . slammer - night jamie be shove through the wall into the slammer . the isolator rocket toward we with a metallic crunch . jamie ( freak ) Mom ? where be my Mom and dad ? maj . hoskins calm she through the isolator . maj . hoskins they be come Jamie . let 's get you comfortable . hoskins and she aide use the arm port to take Jamie 's vital and hook she up to i.v. 's . note : since she 's in the isolator , md wear mask glove , etc. , not spacesuit . scream and raving suddenly echo o.s. hoskins slam the inner door to keep Jamie from hearing . CUT to : follow hoskins through the slammer to : the hot side maj . haine scream in dementia next to Peter . two aide in spacesuit wheel loc 's cover body out cause haine to lose it completely . two doctor in spacesuit try to subdue he in he open bed . he trashes yanking at he i.v. 's . maj . haine get this shit offa I -- hoskins aim a tranquilizer gun and shoot he with a tranq dart . int . morgue - limbo loc 's cover body be sly into the rack beside deke 's body bag . the second death . the submarine door close . CUT to : resume : the slammer - jamie' side - second later jaxx enter . she stroke she daughter with she hand in the glove port . Jamie squeeze they through the plastic . jaxx I be here , Jamie . I be here . jamie where 's dad ... and Jason ? jaxx dad 's with Jason and popsy and mama just down the hall . they be have they blood test . we be go to take some of yours too . check it out . you might not be sick at all . Jamie smile faintly . maj. hoskins tie off Jamie 's arm through the glove port and thump up a vein . jamie Mom ... this be the " slammer " be not it ? I hear you talk about it . jaxx nod . she can not stand to see Jamie suffer . she hold Jamie 's hand -- the needle enter she arm . Jamie cry out . CUT to : ext . savage river island - night full winter moon . the ait 's have pitch camp around the copter . the Pilot work on the engine under generator light . bullet hit be visible across the cockpit glass . int . helicopter - on johnson johnson ( on radio ) c'mon , c.j. , I do not want ranger and State Police up here gun blaze . I need this guy alive . reese listen intently try to stay warm . johnson ( on radio ) he 's no good to we with a bullet in he head . we will never know if he antibody can beat the bug or not . okay -- tell they he 's contagious . that will buy some time . ( a response on radio ) yeah , I should have bring my fishing tackle . how 's Nancy 's kid . any word -- ? CUT to : microscopic view - jamie' blood it glow with ebola antigen response . int . bl3 hotsuite - continuing action - night jaxx sit back from the microscope , tremble . she sag , drop she head on the bench . she weep openly . int . slammer - tight on peter - later Pete 's face tell we this be a horrible way to go . jaxx look on with loving eye . she feel helpless . peter lousy room service . and what happen to the sexy nurse we use to have around here -- jaxx strike a pose . his laugh be like sandpaper . he 's die and know it . peter listen to I . I want you to give the rest of my old friend to Jamie . she 's young . the antibody might turn she around . jaxx do not know what to say . she can barely speak . peter hey , maybe I be the " magic bullet , " nance . go on , take it . give Jamie a fight chance . I get work to do in the lab , anyway -- he unplug he i.v. from the precious serum and sit up -- Nancy have to subdue he . maj. hoskins hurry in to help . to jamie - gerry in view Jamie . her face a mask . comatose . Gerry check she temperature . jaxx enter . she 's be cry . gerry ( back to jaxx ) no break in she fever . ribovirin 's not work . efficacy be zero ... her fever 's still up . we need immuno serum , nance . none of the patient be respond ... jaxx regards they daughter . she make herself do it . jaxx Peter want she to have this . she unhook the antiviral i.v. bag and replace it with a serum bag mark " sister G . " gerry ( dumbfounded ) Peter 's better ? his fever break ? jaxx shake she head slowly . Gerry react , overcome . he hold Nancy close , both gaze at they daughter . small hemorrhages mar she youthful face . jaxx what 's Jamie 's -- gerry one -o-three . just check it . jaxx take it every thirty minute . if there 's any drop , I do not care how slight , we will know the serum 's work . she will pull out . she will . tight on plasma bag : giving life into jamie dissolve to : ext . savage river - the dark before dawn Karl sit hunch by river fire drink coffee . everyone else still sleep . he 's fix on the campfire . the flame - dancing the sound of Africa haunt he . drum pound relentlessly -- he look up , suddenly startle . flash to : he Pov - the african jungle a beautiful african woman walk out of the bush . she kneel across the fire from he . she hand Karl a gourd brim with heal water . he reach for it -- flame singe he finger . he jerk back , look around , disorient . he Pov - panning around the river . Sun come up . reese be stare at he . reese Karl ? be you alright , Karl ? johnson ( rattle ) yeah , I be alright . ext . riverbank - dawn the ait 's put in the raft , hold it steady in the backwater . Karl and reese board . onshore , the Pilot hold up he 9 mm pistol . a offer . johnson I do not believe in gun as a equalizer . nature 's full of equalizer more deadly ... they shove off . the ait leader in front , reese in the middle and Karl at the stern . on the river - follow the raft Karl steer they into the rapid . they move swiftly downriver . johnson - closer watch high cliff and dense wood slide by . flash to : the ebola river Karl crossing on the raft . Zairean Police aim gun . flash to : the hospital his finger sink into a dead man 's arm like pudding . Village child sing to the nun . sister Genevieve convulse in he arm . resume : johnson he shiver , near convulse . another river to cross . CUT to : the morgue - limbo another body bag slide in beside six other body . the tag read : maj . arnold haine . CUT to : int . war room a tv monitor : the local anchorwoman stand outside riid interview c.j. by phone inside . he 's run on fume . the staff watch he and the monitor . anchorwoman ( tv ) how many death so far , Colonel ? c.j . we can confirm seven as a direct result of the virus -- include employee at the primate facility ... and one of we own . c.j. continue over : int . slammer area - same time corridor bed be now fill . 30 patient be tend by medical staff and volunteer wear scrub , mask , decon suit , anything to protect against possible infection . c.j. ( v.o. ) ( tv ) we be continue to bring all " case " and expose person here to riid . we will try to contain the virus here until it burn itself out -- we be still try to find a rescue therapy that 's effective against the virus -- ait 's wheel in girard in a isolator . he 's almost go . int . USAMRIID clinic - same time Peter 's wife sleep on a sofa with she two child . other rest on chair or the floor . jaxx check a patient who look good . eye clear . minimal symptom . it 's the Big Black woman from synergy . jaxx ( to nurse ) check she blood again . maybe she have the " magic bullet " antibody . the Black woman smile hopeful . jaxx look past she out the glass partition into the slammer area . her Pov - the slammer area a medic cover up another victim . jaxx think that could easily be Jamie ... Gerry hurry up . jaxx instantly panic -- gerry her temperature 's down . one-o-one . jaxx . her panic rocket to joy -- Gerry half carry she down the hall -- both euphoric . the slammer - tight on serum bag the last of sister " G " plasma drip into Jamie 's i.v. jaxx reach in the glove port and wipe a trace of blood from Jamie 's ear . jaxx she 's respond . it 's work . human immuno serum protocol work . gerry and we be fresh out -- goddamn bug ! Gerry fold she into he . they share a frustrated cry -- jaxx why can not I just put my life in she i.v . why ...? they hold each other tight , praying for a miracle . Gerry ceremoniously pull a stuff bear from a bag of personal . gerry Nancy ... when she be two year old -- but she use to want " Dee dah " the bear when she be sick . jaxx kiss the bear and tuck it in beside Jamie . Jamie instinctively hug it to she . she wake stare at they . jamie Mom ... I be sorry I say bad thing about guinea pig -- and mouse . I know you be just try to make I well -- Jamie drift off . jaxx well up . she suddenly head away -- fill with Jamie 's word . Gerry follow -- follow they through the airlock jaxx the animal -- Pete 's work on synthetic antibody -- he 's grow live immune animal cell and live human cell together -- to clone a super immune cell . so far guinea pig cell do not work . I just have a idea -- that might -- CUT to : the slammer entrance - continuing action Gerry catch she as they exit . jaxx we can mass produce antibody serum for any bug . it would be just like have sister Genevieve alive again -- donate she blood . there 's a way -- gerry Nancy -- that 's all theory . Lab trial . nothing solid . it could take month to get result . Gerry hold she try to calm she down . she fight he . jaxx this be not just about we Jamie anymore . if we -- can not save she , if we lose she , think about the life we can save in a month or a year -- jaxx be choke back she tear , know what she 's say but keep she duty to humanity always above all . gerry you will do the right thing by Jamie . you always do the right thing . she break . the airlock door hiss close behind she . she hesitates at the port -- then disappear . resume - tv monitor anchorwoman one last question , col . Peters ; be the the virus airborne ? CUT to : ext . backbone mountain - dawn hawk' Pov - descending to the river below tiny 's cabin come into view on the bluff . it 's snow lightly . the raft. Karl motion . they turn into the bank . reese jump out pull they ashore . onshore - foot of the cliff each man shoulder a pack of medical gear . they begin the ascent up a steep trail . the ait leader talk softly on he radio as they climb -- ait leader ( on radio ) Bird dog -- we make dry land . radio response ( v.o. ) Police be enroute on fire road . eta forty - five minute . half - it for they rescue chopper -- over . CUT to : ext . top of the bluff - later reese pull himself up over the bluff rim . reese's Pov - a mountain lion in he face . fang bare . reese flail back -- pull Karl with he . karl grab reese's hand -- stop each other 's fall . there Pov - the mountain lion it 's be dead for hour . wedge in the rock . reese check it for wound . reese no bullet entry . no arrow wound . Karl wipe the blood cake around its nose on a swab , they from its mouth . he seal it in a baggie . johnson maybe the virus just jump species ... again . the bluff - looking down the ait leader climb up beside they eyeing the dead animal . each grab a respirator off he utility belt and slip it on . ext . cabin - dawn no movement . the team chuck they equipment in the tree . johnson hello ! nothing . he raise he respirator . johnson hello ! Mr. whippert ! I be a Doctor . do you need medical attention ?! no response . ait leader maybe he 's go ... or dead ... Karl stand to approach the house . reese pull he back . tiny fire wildly from the window rake the tree -- -- filleting the ground all around they -- rock mound - they dive for cover round rip the rock . Karl look at reese and grin . johnson he 's alive . that 's a good sign . reese look at he like he 's nut . reese you be certifiable -- johnson ( peek at the house ) we will see . shuck I a syringe . load it with a 100 cc 's of " ketamine . " another look from reese as he open he pack -- reese you be go to anesthetize he ? johnson sound good to I . just get to get close enough . reese look at the ait leader . now he know Karl 's crazy . ait leader Doc , we should wait for the cop . move with johnson - cabin in view he crawl along the rock talk a bluestreak . johnson Mr. whippert ! we have medicine -- and a helicopter that can fly you to a hospital . ( no response ) how long have you be sick ? you know -- when do you get you first headache ? fever -- ? there Pov - the cabin no answer . reese toss Karl a pack of two syringe . Karl signal to the ait to split up make tough target . with johnson - running one way tiny fire wildly . with ait leader - running the other way the ground fillet around he . a round rip into he leg . he go down scream . johnson dive behind a stack of firewood as bullet chew up the pile -- the cabin - wider silence ... reese make he way to the wounded man . to johnson - behind the woodpile johnson no , no , no , no , no ! the Police be come and if you start shoot you will be dead . I do not want you to die right now . I want you to get well ... ( a beat ) now -- how long have you be sick ? on the cabin - johnson in view tiny ( o.s. ) ( inside cabin ) more and a week ... I think -- can not ' member anymore -- sorry ... his voice be weak . strain . Karl crawl toward the van. johnson good . maybe you be get better . let I come in . check you out . he Pov - the cabin door tiny ( o.s. ) ( inside cabin ) no fuckin ' way ! if the heat come , I will shoot them too . he fire wildly from the window . then click no ammo . to reese : dress the ait leader 's leg wound . to johnson : reaching the van . the passenger door be open . Karl check it out . key ? yes . johnson I know how you feel , tiny . I can help you . walk out now , while there 's still time . the cabin - van in view tiny answer with more gunfire . Karl turn on the engine , the car radio and release the emergency brake . country and western blare . the van - rolling toward the cabin karl run behind it use it for cover -- tiny rake the front of the Van . a wheel hit a rock jolting it off line -- the Van roll past the cabin -- karl dive on the porch roll to safety -- the van run right off the bluff crash into the River below in a fiery explosion -- ext . river island site - explosion in view the ait 's go into action . they be not wait any longer . helicopter engine whine up -- resume : cabin - front view reese can not see Karl anywhere from he vantage point . tiny be yell inside , dement , delirious . the cabin - rearview Karl edge toward the back door , he prime he syringe , pump himself up for the charge . a ball of flame erupt inside . gasoline explode . flame billow out the window . karl reel back from the blast . reese cover the ait leader . with karl the rage build in he erupting in a primal scream . he rush headlong crash through the back door -- through the flame : johnson be Pov - slow motion we be in the cabin . flame swirl about tiny . he 's weak -- lean against a post , gun dangle in he hand . he turn to we . his face hideous in the flame . his clothes catch fire . he hurl a flame gas can right at we -- karl charge tackle the big man send they crash -- out the front door - a burst of flame and SPARKS the two Men crash to the ground . the cabin - front view - continuing action Karl pound out the flame on tiny 's body . johnson do not you die on I ! do not you dare ! live goddamnit . I need a survivor -- damn you -- live ! he dump he respirator -- he desperately check the big man 's vital sign . reese run up with the medical bag . the huey swoops up over the bluff and land . ait 's jump out bring more gear and the isolator . two ait 's spray fire extinguishers on the burn cabin . to tiny and karl tiny be not respond to cpr . Karl pump air into he mouth . nothing . Karl rip open he shirt -- he body be cover with hemorrhages and skin rupture . johnson you be not die on I , tiny . c'mon you son-of - a-bitch -- reese hand he a big needle . he shoot the adrenalin right in tiny 's heart . nothing . he pound the man 's chest . reese pull he back pin he . reese he 's go . he 's dead ... Karl , angry at himself and the world , hold it all in . he close tiny 's eye . ait ( o.s. ) hey ! over here -- reese look up , stunne by what he see . he grab Karl . what they see : a apparition - just like karl dream a girl walk out of the flame smolder cabin . tiny 's white trash girlfriend from the Roadhouse . she 's daze , suffer from smoke inhalation , alive . a survivor . johnson now that be a genuine miracle . Karl approach she . she reach out both hand and collapse . he catch she lay she down . the police helicopter arrive hovering overhead voice ( p.a. ) this be the Virginia State Police . clear the burn area -- Karl pay no attention check the girl 's vital . more Police and ranger arrive up the fire road in the b.g. on the cabin - wider ranger join the effort to put out the fire . ait 's meet the Police keep they away from potential contagion . with karl and the girl reese give she oxygen . Karl inject she with antiviral . he check she arm and neck for hemorrhages . no petechiae . johnson no symptom . maybe she 's incubate . he find a small patch of symptomatic rash on she back . reese she 's get the bug . johnson yeah , so ? for how long ? a week ? a day ? what 's she temperature ? reese ( shocked ) ninety -nine . she 's almost normal . she should be roasting if he infect she in the last week . johnson ( incredulous ) unless ... she 's a survivor . unless ... she 's immune . Karl look at the girl . traumatize but she pulse be normal . johnson we have to get she back to riid . now ! move ! time CUT to : ext . the cabin bluff - minute later the huey lift off leave the Police and ranger below dousing the fire . inside the copter - flying tiny 's body bag lay on the floor . reese draw blood from the girl in the isolator . she be delirious . girl Tim ? where 's Tim ? have to take care of he . he 's so sick -- johnson ( floor , realize ) she be no hostage . she like the poor guy . Karl clamp a field centrifuge onto a seat back and begin cranking . the blood sack spin -- match CUT to : outside - the rotors spin they fly straight into the morning sun . sharp CUT to : int . morgue - morning another corpse slide in the rack . it 's girard . there be no more room for body . int . slammer - morning Jamie . her arm cover with petechiae . the rest of she body be under the sheet . we do not want to see it . int . peter be bl3 lab - same time jaxx , dark circle under she eye , exhaust , study a cell culture in the monitor attach to she microscope . jaxx grow. c'mon -- grow . maybe the cdr graft do not take . she turn to another monitor show a complicated cell structure turn in 3d graphic . the head read : " recombinant ig molecule - monoclonal antibodies . " she rotate the diagram with key command . she look up . someone enter the lab in a spacesuit . the figure move closer . it 's Peter . weak and frail , but he 's there . jaxx Pete -- what be you do -- ? peter hey , I be beat this thing , okay . I feel good -- he do a wobbly James Brown in he spacesuit . jaxx be blow away he 's even walk . peter the irony of it all . I wear this thing for year to keep the bug out . now I be wear it to keep they in . jaxx Pete ? you fever break ? peter fever ? what fever ? hey ? you try to take credit for my work ? " synthetic generation of human antibody by combination with super immune animal cell " by Peter jahrle ... jaxx eye he suspiciously . he study the monitor . peter I have be graft high immunity guinea pig cell to human myeloma cell , but the fusion hybridoma immortalize only a few B cell . low antibody production . useless against a mother - bug like ebola . jaxx I use supermonk 's ig gene . peter I be impressed . better gene match with human . jaxx the immunoglobulins will not clone . it 's not work . peter here 's you problem . Change the bind site . splice the gene here and hope it grow up to be the Holy grail . Peter make some adjustment to the computer generate cell diagram . jaxx look at the screen in awe . the two cell form one super immune cell . ( Computer graphic ) . jaxx you be a genius , Pete . let 's get you back to the slammer . he resist she , hugging the stool , barely able to focus . peter no , I have to finish this . if the human cell you be use be strong and healthy , this just might work . whose be they ? jaxx mine . Peter look at she through he helmet , he smile -- peter well , I would say if you daughter have any of the stuff she mother 's make of -- she child and she grandchild will be bear immune -- jaxx well up at the hope he 's give she . hope . a final tear of blood trickle from he eye . jaxx c'mon -- let 's get you back to ... the ... slammer ... Pete ? Pete ! no answer . Pete lump over in he bluesuit -- and die . CUT to : ext . USAMRIID - day armed Soldiers in gas mask surround the riid building . Bradley tank block the road in and out at checkpoint . media truck line the parking lot . a network anchor - on camera network anchor a estimate 47 expose person be be house inside the riid fortress , which be now completely quarantine and cut off from the outside world except by telephone . to another anchor - on camera - inside hospital tent another anchor 11 death have now be report since the outbreak begin three day ago . this tent ward behind I be for overflow case the cdc and the U.S. Medical Corps hope never come . the anchor walk we through the hospital tent that have be erect on the parade grounds . army medical corp men and women be set up row of field cot . the thud of a helicopter approach . everyone look up . ext . riid helipad - day the huey land beside the building . the ait 's hurry the stretcher bear the girl toward the wall hatch . follow karl and reese - running toward the guard main entrance carry blood vial and dangle the makeshift plasma bag on a coat hanger . Soldiers challenge . soldier Sir , no one be allow in without authorization -- johnson there be people die in there , I be go to try and save they . he never break stride ; the same phrase he say to the soldier in Zaire . c.j. open the door wave they in -- c.j. let them in . c'mon . what the hell have you be do -- fishing ? int . riid - continuing action we follow they through the maze of bed and patient lining the corridor . Karl carry the bag of serum like the Holy grail . doctor look up . staff step aside . int . slammer - continuing action Karl enter the slammer airlock and barrel past maj . hoskins -- reese hang back with c.j. we follow karl through the chem shower into -- the slammer - GOD be Pov - looking down on jamie hover , wait to take she next . both parent hold she hand through the glove port . they be strangely not surprised to see Karl . he stop short at the sight of Jamie . gerry we be lose she , Karl . he shove the plasma bag at Gerry . johnson put she on this . tiny buy the farm . this be from he girlfriend . reese spun the plasma phoresis in the chopper -- check it for antibody . I think she 's immune . I think she 's the " magic bullet . " they look at each other -- vaporlock . Gerry grab the bag . gerry I will screen it . just do not let Jamie die . he run out shouting for c.j. Karl hover over Jamie -- hope he 's not too late . jaxx ( find she voice ) Pete have a breakthrough . he do it . we can crank out ebola immune cell antibody in a few week -- jaxx be all nerve ending watch Jamie . johnson that 's not fast enough . let 's get Pete on this new plasma too . he can tell by she reaction , Pete 's dead . he bow he head say a silent goodbye . then grab jaxx -- slammer corridor - continuing action Karl drag jaxx into the last room -- johnson it 's the only chance Jamie or any of we have get . meet the donor . maj. hoskins tend the girl . she 's sit up in the isolator , completely alert -- a thermometer in she mouth . she glare at Karl . maj . hoskins her temperature be normal , Doctor . pulse stable . the girl hey , where 's Tim ? what be this place ? anybody get a cigarette ? Karl shake he head no . jaxx check she chart in shock . jaxx what 's you name ? the girl " angel . " jaxx look to Karl . what else -- CUT to : int . war room - later c.j. be on a phone hookup to CNN . tv 's show all network . c.j. ( on phone ) if we hold out another 24 hour with no new case , then we strategy to contain the outbreak have promise . we hope to have a synthetic antibody serum with strong efficacy in a few day . on the monitor - CNN CNN anchor ( tv ) we all recognize the enormous risk cdc and military personnel be take by be in that building . Colonel -- will all the viruse and expose patient inside with you , be there a danger of a virus escape and infect the entire community ? c.j. ( on phone ) only if it walk out in one of we . int . slammer - GOD be Pov - descend to take jamie Karl take she blood pressure . blood ooze around the arm-strap . jaxx I do not want Jason to see she like this -- Gerry burst in -- gerry she 's clean . no " hep . " HIV 's negative . and -- she 's load with antibody ! johnson ( continue the think ) but -- " angel " have minimal symptom -- jaxx ( finish it ) -- then Karl 's right . she must be immune . the whole slammer be buzzing . Gerry look to jaxx for a decision . jaxx hook the desperation plasma up herself . GOD be Pov - descend lower - closer jaxx get right beside Jamie as close as the plastic will allow . she whisper , determine not to give up . jaxx you listen to I Jamie magritte jaxx , God give you a immune system to fight disease with -- so fight . do not think about anything else but live . you want to do a triple twist -- live , Jamie , live . you want to go to the Olympic do not you ? she stroke Jamie 's face through the glove port . Gerry be right beside she . Karl lean into view on the other side . gerry kick this bug in the ass . never , never , never , never give up -- if you live , you blood can save another and another . johnson it 's a privilege we have forget as human , Jamie . we can save each other . we push in tight on the plasma bag - " angel " quick cut : montage of the magic bullet hoskins , Medical staff , jaxx , Johnson , Gerry all pitching in to hook up other ail patient to the serum . face we have see ; the Black woman from synergy , loc 's vietnamese wife . everyone pitch in . Jason push a cart of i.v. 's . gayle , Pete 's grieve wife show up beside jaxx . she want to help . klage and godwin be there with c.j. -- tight on plasma bag - one after another all bear she one word name ; " angel . " each bubbling life . dissolve to : in the slammer - the vigil - multiple dissolves as one by one , the team enter the slammer through the airlock , exhaust , shed tear , hopeful , hold onto each other -- all connect as they embrace jaxx and Gerry and encircle Jamie in the isolator -- willing she to live . the view glide to jamie - " angel " i.v. in view feverish , stare into nothing . suddenly she eye focus . a heavenly smile cross she face . she take she parent 's hand squeezing they tight -- sharp CUT to : a waterfall crash onto rock below - widen to : ext . the bighorn river - day it 's spring . Karl and jaxx sit on the bank reflect . jaxx -- she head bury on she knee . we can not tell what shape she 's in . Karl give she a convalescent squeeze . johnson on a day like this , we can pretend nature be benign -- and all the monster and beast in nature have they kinder moment . jaxx look up . quietly cry . jaxx I do not think it would be this hard . johnson ( wiping she tear ) you have to get over it . the wheel of life go on , nance . jaxx I just see she lie there . I do not know how I will ever be able to -- to thank you and not start cry -- he laugh . now we here more laughter come from the river . then a familiar voice -- jamie ( o.s. ) Mom -- look , Mom -- wahooo ! pan to : the river there in the middle of the beautiful Big horn be beautiful Jamie , full of life and joy . she 's catch a rainbow trout and be reeling it in . she 's alive . Gerry fish with she . Jason wade upstream to net it . gerry whoa -- must be a record catch -- jason -- for a " fisher - babe " ! brother and sister again . and dad try to moderate . karl and jaxx - hooting from the bank jaxx ( muse sadly ) I wish Peter be here to share this . johnson without he discovery , and angel 's precious blood . we might not be here either . her synthesize antibody save a lot of life . he die a hero . you should share a little credit too -- Colonel . jaxx naw -- Pete live long enough to show I the way . it 's he legacy . jaxx lay back take in the beauty around they . there Pov - the river Gerry help Jamie set the fish free . jaxx be we ready for the next one ? johnson we be not ready for this one . this be a wakeup call . we be just one international plane flight away from extinction . jaxx sit up on that one stare at he . what ? johnson sure . say a tourist get a unknown airborne virus in a African village in the morning , fly home that day , smoking , cough -- sneezing . aerosol droplet get circulate by the air vent -- so by the time you land , everyone onboard 's be expose . passenger walk through custom right back home expose family , cabby , friend . over night thousand be expose . then the outbreak . Slate wiper ... silence . the sound of nature abound . jaxx be rivete . johnson ( inevitable ) pretty soon we two - legge dinosaur be history . jaxx mother nature 's revenge ... God , I will never fly again ... why not go back to Africa and find the viruse before they find we , huh ? johnson I never should have leave . jaxx you better teach I to fish quick , because that 's where you be go . jaxx jump up , brush herself off . Karl get up -- johnson what be you talk about ? jaxx you raise so much hell , the cdc and the Army be joint funding a new research lab in the bush to find the reservoir for ebola , marburg , aids , new bug -- maybe some ancestor of some lose tribe I seem to recall you mention . she march into the river with she fly rod . jaxx ( call back ) that be -- if you be interested . Karl be speechless for the first time in he life . he grab he favorite fishing hat -- rod -- big shiny grin -- and follow she into the river . the big horn - high angle this be how we leave they . the jaxx family and Karl Johnson fishing the Big horn -- the view climb to : a aerial view of the valley teeming with biological life , gleam in the sun , thread like spaghetti through a geography of terrain . like the cellscape we open we story on -- we finish on -- watch the river run ... super : the following legend 1 . to date the origin or reservoir of the ebola virus be still unknown ; there be still no vaccine for ebola and no prove cure . 2 . the cdc levied fine against synergy and three other primate company and ban the shipment of monkey into the United States for 18 month . 3 . no virus be find at the JFK animal unit where the monkey enter the U.S. the philippine exporter would not allow a cdc / Army team to inspect they animal quarantine unit . 4 . monkey with the ebola virus be report in primate quarantine unit in Texas and Pennsylvania during the reston outbreak . 5 . Nancy and Gerry jaxx be both act colonel of Veterinary Medicine at USAMRIID and be actively involved in vaccine and viral research ... include ebola . 6 . Peter jahrle be alive and well and head of virology at USAMRIID . he continue he research on synthetic antibody and be currently in South America isolate a new virus . 7 . c.j. Peters be now head of special pathogen at cdc in Atlanta . he be currently in command of the cdc 's effort to control the spread of the hantavirus outbreak in this country . 8 . Karl Johnson life in Montana with he wife merle near the gallatin River . Karl isolate the ebola virus in 1976 , and the hantavirus the same year . if he be not fishing , then Karl be currently consulting with c.j. Peters and the cdc on the hantavirus outbreak in the U.S. that be still talk human life as of this write . fade out . the end