the cincinnati kid written by Ring lardner Jr. and Terry Southern base on a novel by Richard jessup shoot draft - 1965 fade in : series of establishing shot - day exterior scene of St. Louis , particularly the riverside industrial district . even more important to establish than the place be the time : end of summer , 1936 . Election poster would help , with the Republican one stress such theme as " burst the Roosevelt bubble , " " save the american Way of life , " " vote for landon and knox . " ext . factory - day one of the most typical scene of the day : a mass picket line outside a textile or shoe factory . and the picketing be anything but peaceful ; the demonstrator be in direct conflict with the police , who be try to keep a entrance open for strike - breaker . whatever the general action , a small segment of struggle break off from it , and it be this that we camera pick up : some police chase some picket or some picket chase some strike - breaker , the one faction pursue the other up a alley with violent intent . ext . alley - day a couple of the pursuer catch up to the pursue and assault they with club or other weapon . the fight be bitter , dirty and noisy . int . kitchen in sleazy restaurant near railroad the eight man gather here in a game of five - card stud be clearly remove from the struggle outside , even though the sound of it be very close , come through window open on the alley . in fact the noise be so loud that the dealer of the hand in progress react in annoyance . dealer somebody shut the goddam window . let a man think . the player nearest the window shut it . the Dealer , who also own the restaurant , be the talkative type of poker player . except for the cincinnati kid , the other man at the table look like hood of one sort or another : gunman , labor spy , extortionist , what have you . the man who fancy himself the toughest of they all be name danny , and he and the kid have almost all the money on the table between they , about a hundred dollar in front of each . no other player have more than a few dollar leave , and now , as fifth card be deal , there be about forty dollar in the pot . only four man be leave in the hand . dealer possible straight get a -- ( deal the card ) -- lovely little four . first player on the last hand even , you could not give I a break . dealer I put the brake on you straight , do not I ? ( he laugh ; no one else do ; he deal to the kid ) there you be , son , a gorgeous deuce . kid thanks . dealer ( deal to Danny ) and we lucky friend from Chicago get a queen with he pair of six . Little lady make you happy , buster ? danny deal to yourself , clown . dealer Dealer give himself a -- ( deal card and groan ) I might have know . ( to Danny ) Bet you six , buster . danny I tell you not to call I that . ( then as the dealer turn away ) cost you -- ( count out he money ) ninety - four buck . dealer biggest pot of the whole game , I get to drop . danny ( to first player ) interested ? first player would not call you if I have a pair higher and six . which I be not . he turn over he card , leave it up to the kid . kid do not seem like he would bet out without something better than the six , do it ? ( finger hole card as if to fold ) cost I every cent I have win since yesterday afternoon . ( study Danny 's face ) but I tell you , I get this stubborn streak . call the ninety - four dollar . he count out the money , which be almost all he have . danny ( indignantly ) you can not have better than a pair of king ! kid oh , I be not claim anything that fine . ( turn over a eight , make a pair of they ) just enough to beat the pair of six . danny you see my hole card , you bastard ! ( indicate Dealer ) he be deal they high . attend to first thing first , the kid have be pull in the pot , add it to he own stake , and pockete the total . now as Danny accuse he again , the kid look he squarely in the face . danny you steal that dough . kid you better watch that loose lip of yours , you want to have any tooth leave behind they -- buster . he stand up . danny you would not of shell out ninety - four buck -- kid I call you on account of I do not think you have another pair or another six and I know a punk like you would get greedy and try and buy the last hand . he walk off , disappear through a door mark " men . " int . men' room - the kid at mirror he be wait when the door open abruptly , and Danny appear , he right hand in he coat pocket . the kid 's hand go to he own pocket and as he whirl around , a straight razor appear in it , its blade snap open . push Danny to the wall with one hand , he keep he pin there with the razor in the other , while he bolt the door . Danny get he right hand out of the pocket with a gun in it , but the kid move the razor blade against he neck . kid Drop it . as the gun clatter to the floor , and the other force the door , the kid take a step backward to provide enough momentum , then swing at Danny 's middle with he leave , drop he , then jump up on the wash basin and wriggle he way out through a window . superimpose : MAIN title Danny recover he balance and he gun , unbolt the door just before it be smashed in , and run with the other to get out of the building and after the kid . ext . alley back of restaurant - day the conflict party from the picket line have move on . the kid drop from the window to the ground and start to run toward the railroad yard . a few moment later , Danny and four other poker player appear and run after he . ext . railroad yard - day the chase across the track go on behind the credit . the kid 's pursuer split into two group to cut he off , and they seem to have succeed in cornere he against a track on which a passenger train be bear down , head for the station . his dubious chance of escape depend on he get beyond this track in front of the train , which , with a burst of speed , he manage to accomplish just in time . the passenger train divide the kid from he pursuer , and we pan with the train into the depot . int . union station , ST . louis the train slowly stop . amid all the atmosphere of arrival in a day when the pullman car be still the ultimate in travel , lancey hodge appear on a platform , take he bag from the pullman porter and pass it on to a Red cap before he have descend the step . he walk with other passenger and Red cap toward the center of the station . ext . union station - day shoot through the meeting of the Rivers fountain across market Street to the romanesque building with its campanile . ext . union station - taxi stand - day lancey get into a taxi . the credit end int . taxi - process - day lancey sit in serene repose in back , watch the sight go by . the hackie steal a couple of look at he in the rear vision mirror . hackie what you look for , mister ? lancey do I have to be look for something ? hackie I can pretty much tell . lancey you can pretty much tell what ? hackie some guy come to town , I can tell if they be look for something . lancey what do you think I be look for ? hackie if you be look for girl , I can fix you up . lancey I strongly doubt if you could fix I up . in that department . hackie well what be you look for ? lancey you be look for a clout in the head if you do not keep you face to the road . ext . plush HOTEL - taxi stand - day a doorman take lancey 's suitcase as lancey pay the hackie and walk into the hotel . a second hackie whose cab be at the curb react to see lancey and step forward . second hackie hey , you know who that be ? hackie no . who ? but the second hackie have follow lancey into the hotel . int . lobby of plush HOTEL lancey cross to the desk to register as the second hackie go to a row of phone booth and enter one . he dial with he eye on lancey register . second hackie ( into phone ) Shorty ? want to hear who just check into the Park sherman ... yes , you do . lancey hodge . int . bowling alley - attendant he be talk on the phone while he hand out score sheet and shoe to some bowler . he be just as excited by the report as the hackie be . attendant the kid know ? int . bar - featuring the bartender he be talk on the telephone behind the bar . bartender somebody sure as hell ought to tell the kid. ( hang up ) lancey hodge be in town . int . bar - close shot - drinking man he react to the news in a big way . camera pan to another drinking man , who be equally impressed . they exchange look . first drinking man kid 's be lay for he a long time . int . barber shop - barber and customer barber you ask I , the kid will go after he as soon as he hear . customer who 's get a better right ? int . hoban' pool room - hoban and the shooter we be in the front room where the pool table be . through a open door in b.g. , we can see the unadvertise but unconceal other activity of the establishment : a poker game in progress . hoban you go to tell the kid , shooter ? shooter Hell , I can not not tell he . hoban it 's where he 's be head for year . the kid enter the place through the front door , still a little dishevel from he escape . kid ( in greeting ) hey ! hoban what you say , kid ? kid hey , hoban . shooter where you be ? boy be hold a chair for you in back . kid Business opportunity come along . something too good to pass up . shooter turn a profit ? kid yeah , do okay . except I almost have it take back . hoban oh , one of that . shooter ( concerned ) you be in too many rough one lately , kid . you can not go on forever , come out in one piece . kid I get to build my stake , be not enough chance in this town to let one go . hoban you be too good , that 's you trouble . people who know you be the Cincinnati kid , they do not want to sit down with you -- kid for nickel and dime ... thing be I have about use up St. Louis . shooter ( nodd ) the street be get full of guy you have hustle . kid be think about Miami . there 's nothing to keep I here . shooter ( after a moment ) the hell there be not ( as the kid look at he ) lancey hodge ' in town . kid yeah ? ( then ) the man himself , here in St. Louis -- I might just stick around shooter . int . lancey's HOTEL room lancey be on the phone , sit on the bed . lancey ( into phone ) Mr. schlaegel ? how be you ? and you enchant wife ?... tomorrow be quite convenient ... I generally prefer stud but you name it ... you stake be my pleasure , sir ... thank you , why do not we make it after lunch ? my diet this day be enough to spoil anyone else 's appetite ... a pleasure , sir . please remember I to you charming wife . he hang up and some of the strength seem to go out of he , as if he have be through too long a sustained effort . his eye show that he be feel pain and he breathes deeply . ext . harold STREET - day harold Street lead to the river and we follow the kid and the shooter as they walk down it in the gather dusk . shooter ( lighting a cigar ) I be see it come for a long time , kid . Long time . kid I be not exactly be hide it . shooter no , you be not be hide it . kid well I get to know . shooter sure , you get to know . we all get to know . kid sometime or other we get to find out how much juice we get . shooter that 's why I have to tell you . kid you ever sit down with he ? shooter yes , I have . they walk along , the shooter pursing he lip thoughtfully . kid well , what happen ? shooter nothing . nothing at all . kid you lose . shooter I do not lose . I be too good to lose when I set my mind to it . I play poker a certain way , kid . I have have my lancey hodge . only with I it be whistle Sam magee to New Orleans . kid ( respectfully ) I hear about he . shooter well then you know it all ... about 20 year ago it be , maybe more . kid what happen ? shooter why , I lose it . it dry I up on the inside for a long , a very long time . kid yeah ? shooter I be where I be go , know what I mean ? the kid nod as they come to where a old wooden pier extend into the river . along the river bank can be see a small portion of the mile - long hooverville that stretch up and down the Mississippi . ext . pier they walk out on the pier and eventually stop , look out at the river , watch the work boat . they have they thought ; the shooter smoking he cigar . kid you think I be ready ? shooter ( after some time , several second of thoughtful puffing ) kid , I do not think you be ready . kid ( quickly ) oh. shooter but you be not go to take my word for it , be you ? be you now ? kid no , I be not . I can not . shooter I know , I know . you get to find out for yourself . kid I do not figure to take he right away . but if I can hang in there long enough , I can outlast he . if I can outlast he , I get a chance . you admit that , do not you , that I get a chance ? shooter I already say I do not think you be ready . kid do you think you be ready when you sit down with whistle Sam magee ? shooter kid , I think I be the best stud poker player in the world . I be tell you now , I think I be the best . kid well , I do not think I be just a cocky square with a fair hand with card . I get something . shooter no , you be not no cocky square . and you probably get something . kid okay . and I be not say that you be either when you sit down with whistle Sam magee . shooter if you get the stuff , be a little cocky do not hurt you none . kid well , would you say if I get any chance at all ? shooter this much of a chance . if lancey be not right . if he 's get a cold , or he stomach ulcer be act up , or something like that . kid but then everybody would see he be not right and it would not prove nothing . listen , we get to have it understand . if he 's not right , we call it off till he be . shooter you be set on a real showdown , be not you ? you mind 's all make up . they start back off the pier . kid I get to . you say yourself I get to . I be overdue . shooter yeah , you be around a long time -- I be a lot young than you when I go up against whistle Sam -- but you would be kinda young too , to be the man . kid I gotta find out . shooter ( after a pause ) want I to set it up ? kid ( gratefully ) I wish you would , shooter man . shooter all right . kid hey , what if he turn I down ? shooter he will not , the way I will spread the word . he will have to take you on , someone in you class . if he duck it , that would make you the man . kid you think he know I be around ? shooter he can smell meat like you a mile and a half up the river . he know you be around and he will sit down with you . you want to butt head with the man , I will set it up . ahead , on the levee , christian be see wait for the kid . she have not yet see they as they approach off the pier . shooter there 's you woman . kid I would not want to wait around too long . I want to get in and get it over with . shooter he must of come to St. Louis for a big money game . I will probably get ask do I want to deal it for they . and however long that take , he will have to rest up for you . kid oh , well , if he 's tooling a dollar , I can understand that . sure . shooter you get much of a stake ? kid Close to three grand . shooter work on it . but three grand will give you a ride and even if you do not win , why you will come away with a good idea of what you be make of . but once you go in kid you can not quit . you get that straight right now . two of you go in and only one of you can come out . Christian see they and move toward they . kid well , school 's out . I damn sure do not want no lesson . I want everything he 's get . shooter it 's the only way to be , kid . shooter turn away abruptly as Christian arrive , give she a brief nod . shooter see you . the kid take Christian 's arm automatically ; he watch the shooter walk way down harold Street . he and Christian head in another direction . she be hum a mountain tune . christian when we leave town , kid ? this week ? kid no , I will not be ready . not for a while . christian I think -- kid might even turn out we do not go . she be surprised by this and , in she own hesitant way , curious . christian you must feel different about it than you do Saturday . he look at she fondly and , for one fleeting moment of weakness , be actually tempt to tell she about lancey . but it be too sharp a break with tradition . kid yeah , I be feel a little different . ( time lapse ) int . kide bedroom it be night and the room be light only by a single lamp where Christian sit in she nightgown on a chair by the window , turn over the page of a mail - order catalogue . in f.g . the kid lie on he back under a sheet on the bed , he eye close and he hand clasped tensely behind he neck . he open he eye and turn to look at she . the movement catch she eye , and she instantly stop turn the page , afraid the noise have disturb he . kid it 's all right . you do not have to act like a cat . you be not bother I . christian you want I to turn out the light ? kid no. I be overtire , that 's why I can not sleep . ( sit up and swing he foot to the floor ) why can not you sleep ? christian ( lightly ) undertire , I guess . if a person rest all day , she do not have much to rest up from at night . ( stand up ) why do not you have a nice hot bath ? I could give you a rubdown and then you could have a nice hot bath , and then maybe you could sleep . she wait at the foot of the bed for he to come slowly to a decision . kid ' Kay . can not hurt to try it . she go into the bathroom , where she turn the water on gently so the tub will take a long while to fill . then she take a bottle of alcohol from the medicine chest and return to the bedroom with it . she stand in front of he wait for he to move , but the kid be singularly listless . not till she set the bottle down do he respond by turn he face to the pillow . she go right to work on he shoulder muscle , and she seem to know what she be do . kid what do you do with yourself this time ? christian last night I go to a movie with the shooter 's woman . french movie . kid in french ? christian they have the word in English at the bottom of the picture . but the shooter 's woman know what they be say without it . pig 's woman or somebody tell I she go to college . kid sure . majore in man-eate . christian I think maybe she really do go . but I never quite dare to up and ask she . kid I do not know you run with the shooter 's woman . christian we get to be kind of friendly when you both be in that three - day game down to Cairo . ' course she 's older and I . kid and be around more . a lot more . what be the movie like ? christian weird . it be not a straight story where you know whose side you be on , the way you do in regular picture . kid american picture . christian yeah . there be lot of thing I do not understand . kid what be it about ? christian well , there 's this town in Europe a long time ago where they get a message from a Spanish general he 's come to spend the night with he troops . so all the man be scared silly about what the soldier will do to they . kid nothing weird about that . christian but all the wife and daughter tell the man to go hide somewhere and let they bargain with the enemy . kid that do not make much sense . christian wait . the way they handle it be they go to bed with the spaniard . and the next morning the soldier go off peacefully and everybody 's happy . kid include the husband and father ? do not they suspect ? christian that 's part of what I be not sure of . I guess they know what go on but they care more about they safety and they money than they do about they honor . kid then they get they head screw on straight . honor 's just a idea . you can not see or feel it and you can not eat it and you sure as hell can not get any mileage on it . she slap he on the rump and straighten up . christian I will just turn off the bath water . he do not move but just stay relaxed and close he eye . int . bathroom Christian , hum softly , turn off the water , take a large towel from a rack and put it on a stool by the tub where it will be more convenient for he . she linger to test the water with she finger and do anything else she can think of to assure maximum comfort for she man . then she step back into the bedroom . the sight of he make she advance cautiously and confirm she suspicion that he be asleep . int . shooter's apartment melba , the shooter 's woman , be sit up in bed work on she eyebrow and listen to music turn up loud on a radio . the bedside phone ring , barely audible above the radio . she answer it . melba ( into phone ) hello ... yes , it be . you want he ? ( call ) shooter ! telephone ! shooter ! she get no answer , which be no wonder in view of the noise from the radio . but the radio be across the room and it 's slightly easier for she to get out of the side of the bed she 's on , and go to the door of the shooter 's room . she open this and we see the shooter in bed in he own small quarter , read a magazine . he turn around inquiringly . melba phone for you . I always seem to be the one to answer it , no matter who it 's for . shooter ( get up ) if you would rather we put it in my room -- melba be you kid ? the shooter pick up the phone but before he speak into it , he pantomime to she that he will not be able to hear over the radio . she seem to regard the request as a imposition but she do go grudgingly to the radio and turn it down a little before she return to she bed and she cosmetic chore . shooter ( into phone ) hello ?... well , hello . what bring you to we fair city ? Little action , maybe ? int . lancey's HOTEL room lancey , dress for bed , be on the phone . lancey ( into phone ) how could you guess , shooter ? I be invite by a Mr. William schlaegel -- int . shooter's apartment shooter ( into phone ) own most of the schlaegel Brewery . braumeister beer . the shooter sit down on the edge of melba 's bed , the movement jostling she so she prick herself with she tweezers . she exclaim in protest and give he a dirty look that make the shooter stand right up again . int . lancey's HOTEL room lancey ( into phone ) as he put it , rather bluntly , I feel , we do not want everyone to have to watch everyone else deal to see to it they do not make any little accidental error by mistake . I tell he a man could not ask for a better guarantee of a fair - and - square game than have the shooter deal it . so if you be willing , we be meeting at two o'clock in the afternoon . ask for Mr. schlaegel 's suite at the Park sherman ... good . I be glad you can do it , shooter . be a pleasure to see you again ... ( then ) oh pretty much the same ... just have to be a little careful about smoking and drink and eat -- and breathe . see you tomorrow . good night . he hang up the phone , settles himself in a comfortable chair , and open a heavy book . camera move in close enough to reveal the title : Prescott 's conquest of peru . int . kide apartment it be midday outside but the window shade be tightly draw to keep the daylight from disturbing the kid , who be still asleep . Christian , dress for the street , move from the bedroom to the kitchen - live room which be the remainder of the two-room apartment . find paper and pencil , she write a quick note and leave it on the kitchen table , then start out . ( time lapse ) ext . department store window - day feature one bathing suit display among other in a end - of - season sale with some such advertising message as " all bathing suit reduce 1 / 3 for clearance ! " the particular suit be a two - piece one , expose two or three inch of bare midriff -- the first modest forerunner of the trend that lead eventually to the bikini . christian' voice ( o.s. ) would you wear it in public ? camera pull back to include Christian and melba look at the display . melba would not be much point wear it in private . sure , why not , as long as you do not have a bulge to hide ? they start walk . christian I do not know , melba . melba ( look she over ) my guess be there be not anything about you need hide . but I will give you a more definitive opinion at the bath . christian ( startle ) at the what ? melba turkish bath . after we be through shopping . I be treat you , Christian . christian I never be . I be not even sure what you do . melba you do not do anything . that 's what 's so marvelous . they do it to you . ( time lapse ) int . steam room camera find Christian and melba among the perspire female . christian the third time I stay . never go back to the board house except to pick up my thing . melba and that side of it 's hold up ? no complaint in the bed department ? christian well , just one . melba ( intrigue ) yes ? christian the night he be not there . melba he really do that to you , do he ? you get one of the rare one . ( time lapse ) int . massage room Christian and melba be on adjoin rub table , a curtain separate they from the waist down only . they head be close enough so they can talk without they masseur necessarily hearing every word they say . christian you find a guy , you love he , and that 's it . it 's suppose to just go on like that for life . right ? melba accord to the propaganda , right . christian but it be not my life , it 's he life , with I tack on . you have any idea what it 's like to be a hash slinger in a cheap restaurant ? melba no , honey , the stock crash waft I right from the daisy chain into unmarried bliss . christian it 's hell , if you will excuse the word . but I do not want to quit . the kid make I . I feel I ought to hang on to something that be I away from he . you know what I mean ? melba sure . some girl solve the problem by take on a extra guy . christian I be serious . have child might take care of it , I do not know . or -- this be really a terrible thing to admit . melba you most sordid secret be safe with I . confess . christian if he be rich , or famous -- melba why do not you give he both ? christian ( smile ) why not ? well , if he be rich and famous , maybe I would not mind so much just be -- just a woman to he . do you think that might make it seem more worthwhile somehow ? melba somehow ! be you sincere , sweetie ? ( reacting to the masseur 's touch ) oooo -- divine . ( to Christian ) be not this heaven ? christian I be not sure . in a way it seem soft of -- she be at a loss for a word . melba decadent ? deprave ? Christian look blank . melba wick ? christian well , yes . melba that 's what I mean by heaven . int . room in plush HOTEL lancey , shooter and five other man be sit in comfortably padded chair around a well - appoint poker table . everything about the game be in sharp contrast to the one the kid play in . it be play with chip - expensive one ; there be a couple of bottle of wine on ice , fine cigar , a tray of sandwich , etc . lancey 's opponent be all wealthy type ; two of they could be Texas oil man . the youngest , a good - look man of thirty , be bill schlaegel . the shooter , as nonplay dealer , distribute fifth card to the four remain player in the hand , and both lancey and Bill end up with four card of one suit show . shooter ( as he deal ) still queen -- possible flush -- no help -- possible flush . first wealthy type queen check to the possible . lancey check . second wealthy type check . Bill silently toss in two of the rarest and high rank chip on the table . first wealthy type fold . lancey and up two . second wealthy type fold . third wealthy type biggest pot yet . a phone ring and the third wealthy type answer it . bill call the two thou . lancey ( turn over queen of he suit ) Queen high . bill ( indignantly ) Jack high . can you beat that ? first wealthy type he just do . third wealthy type ( to second wealthy type ) it 's you office . second wealthy type Dallas or Tulsa ? third wealthy type she just say office . the third wealthy type take the phone and speak on it during the ensue . the second wealthy type cross to the bar and fix himself a drink . lancey take in he winning . Bill have not recover from the blow . there be a hiatus in the game . bill how the bloody hell do you figure out I do not have the king or the ace ? lancey I recollect a young fellow put the same question to Eddie the dude . it be a game in the grand lounge of the " j.m. White , third , " the large paddle - wheeler ever build . " Son , " Eddie tell he , " all you pay be the look price . Lessons be extra . " ( turn to shooter ) first time I hear of this Cincinnati kid be in New Orleans , at yeller 's . I know right away I would have to play he someday . shooter you will enjoy he game . lancey I may admire it . but if he 's all that good , I doubt if I will enjoy it . shooter the tougher the competition , the better you use to like it . lancey I have learn to take everything in moderation . ext . restaurant - night it be early evening . the kid approach the restaurant with Christian on one arm , melba on the other . kid ( to melba ) have a drink with we ? melba better not . shooter say they would break at seven , and he have to have he food first , then he nap . ( look the kid over ) you know , there 's a day in you life I be look forward to . kid in my life ? melba the day the kid become the man . she smile at they both and go off . they move to enter the restaurant . ( time lapse ) int . restaurant - kid and christian the plate with the remain of they main course be in front of they . the kid pour what 's leave of a bottle of beer into he glass . christian how would you sleep kid ? kid I sleep okay . christian I hope you do not mind my not be there when you wake up . kid no I do not mind -- ( then ) what she be talk about , shooter 's woman -- I be go up against a big game soon . christian she tell I . it 's a very big game , I hear . kid yes . christian will it be long ? kid why ? ( then ) what 's the matter ? christian I think -- kid think what ? christian I would go home and see mama . kid I would not be able to spare you much change . christian oh , I would not want much . Bus be really the best way to go . kid would a hundred fish do it ? for the bus and something nice to bring you mama ? christian that would be fine , kid . just fine . kid when would you want to go ? christian there 's no reason for not go right now unless -- she lower she eye , find it hard to say the word . kid unless what ? christian unless you want to go to bed first . kid do you want to ? would you like it ? christian un-huh . I would like it . kid you want dessert ? christian no. you ? kid ( shake head ) coffee ? christian I do not need it . kid neither do I . he look o.s. raise a hand to summon the check . ( time lapse ) int . kide apartment - darkened window it be dark in the room and dark outside , the street lamp furnish only enough light for a faint border around the window shade . Christian 's head and nude back move into the shot ; she pull the shade aside to look out . long shot - illuminated clock - christian be p.o.v . - night the time be a few minute before ten . int . kide apartment - christian she let the shade fall back into place . move quietly in the darkness , she begin to dress . camera pull back and pan to include the kid , lie on the bed with a sheet over he . he seem to be asleep until he speak . kid you still have not say it . christian Said what ? kid if you be come back . Christian abandon the process of dress herself and sit down in the easy chair to answer this question . christian maybe I ought to stay with mama and papa a while , and see . kid what 's to see ? christian I never do like city street . kid oh . christian uh-huh . the promise do not fulfill itself for I . kid promise ? christian come to the city and all . electric light and flush toilet . all the pretty dream -- it be all promise . kid oh , I see . christian I do not know if you do or not kid -- you be city -- and I be country -- you grow up with it . kid I do not think that 's why you be go -- because you like it so much better in the country . she do not comment one way or the other , nor do he press the point . christian what will you do ? kid well , I have get that big game . christian I hear he 's the man for you . kid yes . if I win , there would be a lot of money . christian you will win . you be come on strong a long way . this be you time . ( then after a long moment ) come home with I to mama 's kid . kid ( finally ) I be sorry . christian ( gently ) I know you be honey -- I know it . she get up and begin to pack she clothes in a old suitcase . after a moment the kid get out of bed . kid I will go down to the bus with you . christian you do not have to . kid ( start to dress ) I will go down with you . christian ( after a pause ) kid -- kid yeah ? christian this be go to sound kind of funny to you , but I want to ask it . kid sure . christian do you think there 's any chance , if you do win this big game , that you might do something else besides card ? ( hastily ) I do not mean never play poker . I just mean not have it be the only thing you do . kid Hell , it 's the only thing I know how to do . what else be there for a guy never finish school ? College graduate be walk the street look for job -- train people , engineer , scientist ! christian I realize -- kid ( not let she speak ) when you be the man , you do not have to hustle -- when you be the man , the best , the Big money come around on they knee just beggin ' to hustle you . I be not goin ' to quit . I be goin ' to win . christian yes , I can see that . of course I do not say quit . kid well you see how it be . christian that 's all right . kid ( after a moment ) Christian , you be not do this to be off my back , in case I lose ? christian I be think about it a long time . I be plan to go home and see how I feel about thing . kid and this just help you decide . christian that 's all . kid then do not go . christian ( firmly ) no , this be you time -- now you go on honey and you play the man -- I will be at mama 's . she close the suitcase and put on the one dress she have not pack . the kid , dress now , watch she for a moment then go to the bottom drawer of the dresser and open it to reveal a stack of money under a shirt . he take five clean twenty - dollar bill and count they on to the top of the dresser , snap the crisp leave gambler style . then he stoops down again and take out two more twenty , add they to the pile . kid I wish it could be more . christian that 's all right . he do not actually hand she the money . he leave it on top of the dresser and she go over and take it , fold the bill and put they in she change purse . the kid pick up she suitcase , and she lead the way into the other room . at the front door she stop and look back at the little apartment for a moment . christian I do not guess I will ever forget this room , kid . kid I do not guess I will either . christian you go to move ? kid if I win , it will not be good enough . if I lose , I lose it all . she look at he for a moment , then exit . he follow . ( time lapse ) int . taxi - process - night the kid and Christian sit in silence . she put she hand on he . ( time lapse ) int . bus terminal the kid and Christian sit on a bench in the wait room , still silent . he have she suitcase between he leg and a pile of magazine on he lap . she look at a clock and get to she foot . he follow she to the door , carry the suitcase and magazine . ext . bus platform - night Christian board a bus that have see better day . on the step she turn to take the bag from he , but he follow she on . int . bus - night Christian take a seat . the kid put she suitcase in the overhead rack and hand she the magazine , none of which would be class as heavy read . christian Goodbye , kid . good luck . kid Goodbye , Christian . they do not kiss . he turn and go out . ext . bus platform - night there be not many passenger board this bus . after a couple of moment , the driver close the door and start off . Christian wave from the window , and the kid wave back to she . when the bus have go , he walk around the outside of the terminal to the front . ext . front of bus terminal - night there be a couple of cab at a taxi stand . one of the hacky offer he service to the kid , but the kid decline . he want to walk . ( time lapse ) int . room in plush HOTEL it be midday and the poker game be almost twenty - four hour old . we attention be focus on Bill schlaegel , who be write out a check . bill four stack ? right , schooter ? shooter four . the shooter take advantage of the lull in the proceedings to move to the telephone . bill thank you for the entertainment , gentleman . my particular gratitude to you , lancey . it 's be a rare pleasure to watch a great artist at work . thank you for the privilege . lancey give he a quick look , find this a bit thick . lancey well now , son , you be quite welcome . can not say I recall another man , in all my day on the three river , who seem to find it quite so pleasurable lose all that money . Bill put he check down in front of the shooter 's place , and get to he foot . bill good day , gentleman . you be welcome to use the premise as long as you like . camera move with Bill as he pass the shooter , who be wait on the phone while the hotel operator dial he number . Bill give he a friendly pat on the back , and speak in a low , harsh voice for the shooter 's ear alone . bill I want to see you . Bill go out . shooter look after he as he party come on the phone . shooter ( into phone ) hi , kid . shooter here . listen , I tell the woman I would take she to the ball park , but I be still work . how about you and Christian take she out ? int . kide apartment kid ( into phone ) Christian 's go home to see she folk . int . plush HOTEL room shooter ( into phone ) oh. ( then ) well listen , would you mind take she yourself ? the gang will be there , in the section ... thanks . appreciate it . see you . he hang up , return to the table and start to shuffle the card in he own spectacular way . ( time lapse ) ext . busch stadium , ST . louis - day a game be in progress between the Cardinals and another National League club . the batter at the plate connect for a long one . camera follows the flight of the ball . ext . stand - the kid and melba they be make they way to meet they friend in the section they prefer . they stop to watch the ball as the fan around they rise to they foot . the section they have just reach be in the sun , overlook the outfield . ext . field a outfielder race back and make a difficult catch . ext . stand - the kid and melba they start on they way again . camera pan ahead of they to a group consist of hoban ; hoban' woman , still sexy in she forty ; pig , whose name could derive with equal justification from either he look or he manners ; and sokal , who talk colloquial american with a Central european accent . the group as a whole be notable because its member have not rise to they foot with everyone else , because all the man be bask in the sun with they shirt off , because they view the action on the field with detachment , and because , nevertheless , they be constantly place bet on detail of the game . now , as people around they resume they seat , sokal be able to confirm that the fly ball have be catch . sokal ( to hoban ) you owe I two fish on the out , plus three on the inning , minus two on no strikeout so far . the kid and melba join they . hoban hiya , kid . get yourself in shape for the man ? ( to melba ) shooter still on the job ? hoban' woman where 's Christian ? melba ( in a whisper ) Lay off that . pig what would she do , take off ? so do mine . do not lose no sweat , kid , there 's plenty more where they come from . all shape and size . kid hi , hoban . sokal . pig. he and melba sit down . hoban ( to sokal ) boyer . one to two on the sacrifice . sokal five to three , I will give you . two - fifty against one -fifty . hoban Mark it . sokal I figure they will walk he . fill up first . kid not with who 's come up . I will take the same odd . while he be talk , melba unbutton he shirt . melba get some of this sun . sokal ( to the kid ) Mark it . kid ( to melba ) guess I will . he take he shirt off . melba find some suntan lotion in she bag , and apply it to she face and arm , she eye rarely straying from the kid . hoban bunt , sokal . ext . ball field the bunt be field by the first baseman , who throw to second for the out . there be no play at first . sokal so they pitch to he . I still win . pig ( to kid ) everybody be on the phone to everybody about come to watch you and lancey . Big spriigi , yeller to n'orlean , Old Lady finger . they be all come . melba ( to kid ) let I give you some of this . keep you from burn . kid I do not think -- melba can not hurt you . without wait for he approval , she go ahead and spread the lotion on he skin , painstakingly , as if she be apply paint to canvas , work it in , one area at a time , with she fingertip . hoban ( to sokal ) chance to invest you profit . Bet you a even fin he make first . sokal ( look toward plate ) who we get -- Warwick ? you get yourself a bet , pal . the man concentrate they attention on the diamond . camera move in to melba 's finger play across the kid 's midriff . from the field come the sharp crack of a bat against a ball , follow by a shout from the crowd . camera pan up to the face of melba and the kid as he look at she and she meet he gaze with invite eye . sokal' voice not you day , hoban . ( call to a vendor ) hey , beer ! melba ( softly ) mais tu es charmant -- CUT to : int . shooter's apartment - closeup - melba with the same look of invitation in she eye . melba charmant . come here , please . camera pull back . wearing the same clothes as at the ball park , she be sit in a chair with she leg tuck under she . the kid be sit on a straight chair at a table on which he have a cup of coffee . they be alone in the apartment . kid any special reason ? melba me. I be special . he stand up but do not move toward she . kid sure you be . you be the shooter 's woman . melba right . and maybe I will go on be the shooter 's woman , even after you and I have have we little romp . what do you think about that ? kid first place , Old shooter will come barging through that door any minute . he say they be wind it up . melba no barging . he do not have he key with he . ( stand up ) have to buzz from downstairs . ( move toward he provocatively ) so we can treat ourselves to a little sample of thing to come . the kid stay where he be as she come up against he . kid also it do not mean anything to you , you be Christian 's friend ? melba honey , she lose she franchise the minute she get on that bus . you know that . ( she arm around he ) I have a shaky sense of security , kid . do not make I feel unwanted . he kiss she and let himself enjoy it for a while , then pull away . melba no good ? kid you know damn well how good it be . where 's a pack of card ? melba what do we need card for ? kid gin or casino , you name it . all I know be we be switch to another indoor sport . int . room in plush HOTEL the poker game be over . two of the wealthy type have already depart ; one be finish a drink on the way out ; another be put he winning into he wallet ; a third be write out a check . lancey and the shooter still sit at the table in f.g . shooter Lady finger will want to come , I bet , and she 's right on the edge of she stake . she could spell I deal . lancey sure , sure . have not see the dear old bitch in fifteen year . shooter well , that 's it , then . Monday night , room Three - eleven at the dorset Hotel . and may the best man win . lancey yes , that 's how it usually come out in the long run . you think this boy be go to give I trouble , shooter ? shooter yeah , he 's go to give you trouble . lancey I do not want it to be one of that marathon game . not any more . shooter like the session with the portugee at jolly 's in omaha . remember ? lancey sure , sure . longest game I ever play though , I be a kid on my way to the klondike gold rush . at soapy Smith 's in skagway . four night and three day . shooter you win ? lancey depend how you look at it . when we wound up , the yukon River have freeze over and you could not get through to Dawson City till the follow June . make myself a hundre and fifty buck and miss the gold rush . shooter you be around a long time . lancey that be undeniably true . but it do not mean I be ready to retire . how old be this boy of yours ? shooter twenty -six , twenty - eight , something like that . lancey well , now , make I feel a whole lot better , know that . I be thirty - six when I slice up Eddie the dude . this kid of yours be just go to have to wait a few year . int . corridor , plush HOTEL - felix he be stand by a elevator in f.g. keep watch on a row of room door include the site of the poker game . felix be a impressive physical specimen whose capacity for brutality be mask by a quiet , deferential manner . when he see a door open , he move so as to be out of the shooter 's sight as the latter come toward he . it be not until the shooter round the corner in f.g. and press the button for the elevator that Felix make he presence know . felix Excuse I , Mr. shooter , sir , but Mr. schlaegel ask I to remind you how eager he be to see you . the door of the elevator open . Felix yield precedence to the shooter and they enter it . the door close . int . lobby , plush HOTEL - at the elevator a elevator open , and the shooter and Felix come out . shooter I ought to call my woman . felix yes , of course . they always like to know it if you be go to be late for supper . camera move with they as the shooter lead the way to a row of telephone booth and enter one . int . shooter's apartment - melba and the kid they be sit at the table in a game of casino . she play a ace from she hand , add a seven from the board , and lay they both on top of a three - card pile . melba still building eight . kid thanks for put it together for I . he play a eight and take in the whole pile . melba it 's not my game . the telephone ring . she stand up . melba want to know what be ? camera follows she to the phone . she pick it up . melba ( into phone ) hello -- oh , hi , sugar -- why not ? she reach a hand around to the back of she neck , fiddle with she dress a moment , then beckon in the kid 's direction . close shot - the kid he do not understand what she want but he get up and come to she obligingly , camera moving with he . melba ( into phone ) what 's the switch ? she point to the hook - and - eye fastener at the top of the zipper that run down the back of she dress . the kid pantomime the question " what for ? " but she just wiggle she finger impatiently at the fastener while speak into the phone . melba ( into phone ) whose idea be that ? the kid still do not know what she have in mind but it seem easier to humor she than not . he unfasten the hook . melba smile she thanks and , to he consternation , reach back and pull the zipper all the way down . she place she hand over the mouth - piece of the phone . melba ( to kid ) he 's not come home now . she step out of the dress . melba ( into phone ) whatever you say , shooter man . int . phone booth , plush HOTEL - the shooter shooter ( into phone ) explain to the kid , will you ? int . shooter's apartment - melba and the kid melba in she bra and panty , snuggle against the kid . melba ( into phone ) he will understand . int . phone booth , plush HOTEL - the shooter shooter ( into phone ) tell he they decide to play a little longer , and I will call he at he place later when the game 's over ... right . Goodbye , honey . he hang up the phone and emerge from the booth . camera move with he as he join Felix and they walk toward the hotel entrance . int . shooter's apartment - melba and the kid the kid , he policy toward this new situation still unresolved , hold she lightly while he try to think it out aloud . kid listen , melba -- melba I have to tell you first . you be sit down with lancey next Monday night . kid I wish it be sooner . I wish it be tomorrow . melba shooter will give you all the detail later . kid I do not like wait that long . melba let 's not kick a gift horse in the tooth , sugar . we have get this time together . let 's try to " fill each unforgive minute with sixty second worth of distance run . " she invite a kiss and he oblige she . but there be a contrary force at work inside he . kid listen , what I be go to say before , I do not want you to think I be be some kind of jerk or I do not feel you would be great to sack up with . melba then let 's cut the filibuster . kid I have make doll that be friend of mine 's wife . I figure if they be willing , they be do it to they husband , I be not . melba of course . any other attitude , you be degrade the woman . you be not treat she as a person with a mind of she own , but as somebody 's property . again she press close to he and again he savor she for a moment . kid only thing be , it 's different with the shooter than anybody else . he 's so straight , I get the obligation to be straighter with he than other people . so do you . on account of we both owe he plenty . melba I think we just agree that what you and I do be strictly between we . kid can not be . ( decisively , pull away from she with a pat of dismissal ) shooter 's the close thing to family I get . it 's almost like he be my old man . do not you see how that 's get a bear on we ? he start out . melba stare after he , scarcely able to believe what be be do to she . melba sure , it mean I be you mother . ext . schlaegel estate - day a expensive automobile , with Felix at the wheel and the shooter next to he in the front seat , approach the main house of a lavish estate in a St. Louis suburb . it continue along the driveway past the house . ext . area around swimming pool - close - bill and baby in swim trunk , Bill be spoon - feed a year - old baby in a highchair . look o.s. , he wave in greeting to the shooter . ext . schlaegel estate - the shooter he walk from the park car toward the pool , return Bill 's salutation . ext . area around pool shoot from behind the shooter as he approach the attractive family group that include , besides Bill and the baby , a five - year -old girl who be have she hair brush after swim by rosanna schlaegel , she beautiful mother . a family dog complete the picture . Bill continue to feed the baby as he hail the shooter . bill shooter -- very generous of you to come on such short notice . rosanna you know , and I think you have meet my daughter june. ( indicate baby ) no point introduce you to William the fourth . he have a bad memory for name . shooter ( greeting they in turn ) Mrs. schlaegel . how be you , June . what 's it all about , Bill ? bill Little something I would like to sound you out on . but the least I can do be offer you a drink . rosanna like I to fix it , love ? bill wonderful . why do not you do a batch of you bloody mary ? if that 's okay with you , shooter ? shooter great . whatever . as she go off , rosanna caution June about she hair . rosanna just do not let it get wet again . as soon as he wife be go , Bill go right to the topic he do not want to discuss in she presence . bill I have be quite busy on the telephone since I last see you . there 's a lot of interest all over the country in this game with lancey and the kid . shooter betting interest ? bill Jack doyle in New York be give twelve to five on lancey . same odd in reno . I have take fifty thousand of it so far . shooter fifty thousand ! bill I will probably go for more but I do not want to rock the odd . shooter I know you like the kid 's style but why you go in so deep ? bill two reason . first , I want to see that smug old bastard gut worse than he gut I . second , as long as that 's go to happen , I do not see why I should not make some money out of it . shooter but how can you be so sure ? the kid could do it , we both know that , but -- bill " could " be not good enough for a man who hate to lose money as much as I do . he 's go to need help -- from the best man with a pack of card between omaha and New Orleans . shooter not a chance , Bill . you ought to know I never ever use what I get with the card for nothing but trick and dress up a game . bill sure , I know it . that 's why you be the man they choose to give they a square deal . that 's what make it so perfect . nobody will be look for it . shooter it 's out . out . bill the great thing be they will be so close , the kid will not need much . Three or four key hand . shooter understand this , Bill . I would like for the kid to win , and I sure as hell do not want to see you lose all that money -- bill if I do , I would have to collect that twelve grand you owe I . not myself . my collection agent . you know poor Wildwood Jones , do not you ? shooter ok but I be pay it off ! it 's comin ' in be not it ? six grand already . ( then as Bill just look at he ) Bill , you get to listen to I --! bill no , I do not . it 's quite the other way around . you have some delusion you be a free agent , but you be not . I own you . shooter for God 's sake --! bill shut up . I will cross the twelve off the book and give you ten thousand dollar in cash . and you can tell the kid if he need more of a stake , I will put it up . ( look o.s. and smile ) marvelous . here 's rosanna with what you need . camera move to include rosanna carry a tray with glass and a pitcher full of bloody mary . bill -- for that dry feel on the roof of you mouth . ( time lapse ) int . kid be apartment - close shot - window - day it be raining dismally . mo . close shot - the kid he be lie on one half of the bed , with the cover throw back , he hand clasped behind he head , wear pajama bottom . he turn he head and stare at the white expanse of unoccupy bed . ( time lapse ) ext . ST . louis STREET - day the weather be clear as the kid wander idly along a residential street of well - keep nineteenth century building . ( time lapse ) int . bar - the kid he be drink a bottle of beer slowly . camera pan to another bar stool where a customer be have he shoe shine by a negro boy who slap he rag against the shoe with a fine sense of rhythm . finish , he collect he dime and nickel tip , and move to the kid . boy shine they up for you sir ? kid no , thanks . boy fetch you a newspaper maybe ? kid no . boy how about a singy - song then ? I play good . kid play what ? the Boy take out a tobacco can with the lid tear off and the top flatten down and shake it , produce a sound like the rustle of dry leave . then he produce a similar can that make a rattling noise when he shake it . boy dry corn in this one . Blue shale stone from the river in this one . you ready ? kid yes , I be ready . the Boy look at the bartender , who have move closer to see what 's go on . boy ( to bartender ) you ready ? bartender Hell , I be ready for anything . the Boy stand perfectly still for a few second , then begin to shake the can with corn in it . after a bit he bring in the shale stone can with the other hand to chord and accent the rustle of the first can . at the same time he begin to sing a simple song in a pure , delicate voice . it be catfish music create on the spot and sound strangely like the idle tune Christian like to hum . kid ( when the song be over ) thank you very much . that be nice . where do you learn to do that ? boy I pick it up from herman . kid who be herman ? boy my friend I pick it up from . kid be he a good friend ? boy I do not know ' bout that suh . he just a frien ' who teach I some thing . kid well , I do not want a shine , but here 's fifteen cent . boy thank you , sir . bartender and here 's another dime for you , fella . he ring up a no sale and flip a dime to the Boy , who be astonished and then worried by this munificence . suddenly he grab he tobacco can and he shoe-shine kit , and run out into the street . bartender Nice little color kid . kid ( mostly to himself ) -- yeah . ( time lapse ) int . steam bath - the kid and jansen jansen , a masseur , be at work loosen up the kid 's neck and shoulder . jansen Monday night , uh , kid ? kid Monday night . jansen I sprung for some of the action . a yard and a half of that five - to-two . kid thanks , jansen . ( in pain ) hey ! jansen we get to get you loosen up . I never feel you this tight . ( time lapse ) int . bus terminal - phone booth - the kid he be in the middle of a call . kid ( into phone ) just tell the shooter I will be there on the dot Monday night . melba' voice ( over the phone ) and until then ? kid he do not have to know . int . the shooter's apartment - melba melba ( into phone ) I be not ask for he . int . bus terminal - the kid he hang up the phone , rather than continue the discussion . camera follows he as he come out of the booth , pick up a small duffel bag , and walk to the door that lead to the buss . he go out into the night and get into a bus . ( time lapse ) ext . rural highway - day a bus drive along a main road in the ozark , head toward camera . as it come close , the name of its destination : " fayetteville " can be read . ext . crossroad community - day the bus stop momentarily at a small cluster of building around a intersection . the kid be the only passenger to get off here . as the bus continue on its way , he go to a attendant in a gas station on one corner , and ask a question . referred to a general store and post office on another corner , he cross and go into it . the storekeeper come back outside with he to point out the route to where he want to go . it be along a dirt road that wind uphill behind the store . the kid start up the road . ( time lapse ) ext . crest of road - day the kid reach the summit of the hill directly behind the crossroad , and look down into the valley between this hill and the next one . he start down a even narrower road lead to a little farm on a hillock in the valley . it consist of a modest cabin , a single barn , a fence cow pasture , and a few cultivate field . ( time lapse ) ext . craigie farm - day Christian come around a curve in a path on one side of the house , carry two five - gallon milk can sling in a yoke over she shoulder . a little dog yap and run from the front door of the house to the front gate . she look in that direction and camera move to include the kid as he unlatch the gate and walk toward she . after a moment 's hesitation , she move to meet he , glide on she bare foot to keep the water in the can from slopping out . christian hello , kid . kid can I help you with that ? christian take if off be harder than take it on in . she turn toward the side of the house and walk to the kitchen door . the kid follow . christian how 's the shooter ? kid Fine . christian you have not play yet ? kid Monday . int . craigie kitchen - christian , the kid and mrs . craigie mrs . craigie , Christian 's mother , open the door for they , give the kid a sharp , appraise glance . christian this be Eric , mama . he 's come to see I . mrs . craigie how do , Eric . Christian cross to the drain sink near the pump and turn she back . Mrs. craigie lift the can off the yoke on to the drain board . she and Christian each take a can and pour the water from it to prime the pump . christian we lose suction on the pump right in the middle of can . the kid look at the stove with a couple of large steaming pot on it , and the table alongside with a half - dozen hamper of green bean . mrs . craigie there 's coffee . and sour ham and bread in the warmer , if you be hungry Eric . as soon as they be finish with the pump , Mrs. craigie and Christian turn to the table , where they begin to snip stem and cut bean before put they into the pot on the stove . mrs . craigie you know anything about can , you know we can not stop now . if we would be look for company , we never would have start . christian spring bean , you have to cook they fast . but you find yourself some breakfast . kid I be all right . Bus stop for doughnut and coffee . christian you can stay with we tonight and still make it back to St. Lou on the Sunday schedule by about midnight . I tell mama and papa about the man . and all . kid where be Mr. craigie ? mrs . craigie to the barn . why do not you go down and introduce yourself ? Christian and I will be at this another hour or two . kid I think I will . I think I would like that . ( to Christian ) okay ? christian sure . and I will see you a little later on . ( then , as he start out ) papa do not know everything . about you and I . the kid look quickly at she and then at Mrs. craigie , who keep she gaze fix on the bean . ext . craigie barn - craigie - day he be pitching manure from all over the cow - lot into a pile bank against the side of the barn , work a long - handle shovel with practise ease . he look o.s. and see the kid approach but continue he work as the kid enter the shot . nor do he stop shoveling while they be talk , except at moment of particular significance to he . craigie hello . kid how do you do , Mr. craigie . I be Eric stoner . craigie Christian 's Eric . kid that 's right . craigie you see she ? kid she 's help she mother can . craigie you mind to marry Christian ? the kid look at he a long moment then -- kid you get any objection if I do , or if I do not ? craigie take a couple of step toward the kid , he boot suck in the muddy ground . craigie Son , that 's what I call a sharp answer . kid it be what I call a sharp question . craigie we do not know much about you , Christian 's mother and I . kid I be what 's know as a three - river man . which just mean I go around play stud poker wherever I can find the kind of action I be look for . craigie you meet Christian when she be work to hot Springs ? kid yeah . I be play in this game in the hotel and she be a waitress in the coffee shop . we go out . I tell she I think she could get a better job in St. Louis . craigie now how do you happen to tell she that ? maybe you run some kind of employment service on the side ? kid I say it because I want she in St. Louis . anyway , she make it there and she call I and we be see each other ever since . craigie live together ? the kid take he time before decide how to answer this one . kid yeah , live together . craigie how come she come home now ? she go to have a baby ? kid not that I know of . craigie you two have a fight ? kid no . craigie she must have have a reason . kid think so ? well , you have know she longer than I . ( then ) look , Mr. craigie , let I and Christian find out a few thing then maybe I will not have to answer you question . craigie I never run across anybody like you . I guess I do not understand gambler . kid that 's all right . I do not understand farmer . craigie you say thing that sound smart alecky . but I be not sure if they really be smart alecky . kid well I can not take into account what somebody 's go to feel every time I say something . craigie be you a believer ? kid in some thing . craigie I mean in God . kid that 's a tough one . I do not disbelieve in him , but I could not say I believe in him either . I guess I just never pay him much mind . do not seem important . craigie God not important ? kid I do not mean what he do be not important -- if he exist . I mean it 's not important to I whether he exist or not . craigie Christian be raise in a Christian home . kid be that so ? I do not know --- ( then ) I be not aware of the difference . ( pause ) I be not ask permission to marry Christian , you know . craigie I know . kid if I be , the only person I would be ask it from be she . craigie ( after a moment ) who be this fella Christian say you be go to play that 's so important ? kid he 's the king of the stud poker player . craigie and you be go to play he . kid yes . craigie be you any good ? kid I be this good . the man have get to play I . craigie what happen if he do not ? kid then I be the man. craigie that important to you ? kid I be try to figure that out ever since I set it up . craigie you play because of money ? kid ( after a moment ) not really . craigie Christian say you never be much worried about money -- I be worried about money most of my life -- up until I figure out it be not so important . kid no , it 's necessary , but it be not so important . craigie well how come you want to play this King fella ? kid ambition -- maybe security , like that . craigie be it aspiration to be the King or just uncertainty about the future ? kid I be not look for security if that 's what you mean . craigie not try to lock something up tight and nail it down ? kid that would figure into it . but that be not all of it . -- it 's important to I . craigie now son which be more important to you , this king business or Christian ? kid if you get the gut to ask that question , Mr. craigie , I guess I get the gut to answer it . Christian , if you come right down to it , be not as important as do what I have to do . craigie have finish pile the manure . he put away he shovel . craigie well son , I have to know . kid know what ? craigie there never be a man worth a damn , to my mind , who let he woman stand in the way of the thing he have to do . ( then ) I get to go now -- see what I can do for a sick heifer . why do not you take Christian , when she mama let go of she , and tell she I say you should go to the old spring . it 's a good place . kid thanks . I will tell she . craigie walk away . ( time lapse ) ext . spring - day it be a small shack against a rocky bluff . camera pan Christian and the kid as they come down the path and enter . christian it stay warm all winter . dissolve : int . shack camera move to reveal Christian and the kid , who be in the pool without clothes , tread water . christian papa 's mama use to bring she wash up here . kid we liable to draw a audience ? christian do not worry . it 's on we land -- nobody use it . she start to swim , camera moving with she upper back as she reach the side of the pool and pull herself on to the bank , lie on she stomach . the kid join she , first draw himself up on he stomach alongside she , then turn on he back to look through the slat at the sun . christian you must have say something to papa give he the picture on we in St. Lou . else he never would have speak to you about this place . kid I tell he on account of he already know . never any sense feed a man a lie he 's not go to believe . christian even if he do know , I be glad you tell he . she raise herself up so that she be directly above he . kid ( in mock protest ) hey , you be all wet ! christian so be you , foolish . ( time lapse ) ext . craigie porch - craigie and the kid - night the two man be sit just outside the kitchen , where Mrs. craigie and Christian be pasting label on the mason jar they fill earlier . the paste and some of the jar be just inside a open window on a shelf behind the men' head . the light come from a kerosene lamp inside . craigie let I get this straight in my head . card be all a matter of luck , who get deal the best one . the kid stand up and select six play card from a deck in he pocket . during the next few line he use the paste on the shelf to stick together three pair of they so as to form three double- thick card . one of this have two face , another two back , and the third a back and a face . craigie so when one of you professional gambler sit down with a bunch of you -- what do you call they -- customer , client ? kid the technical term be " sucker . " or " mark . " craigie they chance of win be just as good as yours , except if you get a way to control it , who get what card . right ? kid not right . that 's cheating and it 's not any part of what we be talk about . craigie then how do you win ? kid I will show you . he display he three card . kid you see one of this card be white on both side , one be red on both side , and the other be white on one side , red on the other . craigie what about it ? the kid lift a straw hat off a peg on the porch wall . kid this . I put the three card in a hat and shake they up , and then I ask you to draw one card out blind . put it face down on the table so neither of we can see the bottom side . craigie do as instruct . the ensue dialogue assume the card he pick be red on top ; if it 's white the word " red " and " white " will be reverse in the dialogue . kid okay , red on top . that eliminate the all - white card , right . so the card you have pick be one of two -- the all - red or the red-and - white . one out of two be a even chance , a even-money proposition . right -- you follow I ? craigie I think so . kid so if I say I will bet you a dollar to seventy - five cent the other side of that card be red , you would take the bet would not you ? craigie seem like . yeah . kid and that answer make you a sucker . because the odd be two to one , the other side of that card be red , and I ought to be offer you a dollar to fifty cent instead of seventy - five . craigie but if there be just the two possibility . kid there be three possibility . ( indicate card on table ) that can be the red side of the red - and - white card , or it can be either side of the all - red card . in two case out of three the other side be red . and I would win the bet from you two out of every three time we make it . craigie ( dubiously ) you would ? kid sure . it 's obvious when I explain it , be not it ? craigie reckon so . except if there 's only two thing that the bottom side can be , red or white -- kid take my word for it -- the odd be two to one . and know that be the difference between you gambling man and you sucker . not who get the better card but who know what the proper odd be . in a poker game there can be a million different situation , each with a different set of odd to figure . the man who end up winner be the man who know when to bet and how much ... craigie the sucker be still take advantage of , be not he ? the gambler know something he do not know . kid sure -- like if you grow better corn or raise a cow that give more milk than the other guy 's . or two business man be in competition , or two lawyer be up against each other in a courtroom . whatever you line be , the one who win out be the one who know he job better . craigie seem like there should be something else to it -- kid there be -- make the man you be play against think he 's get the best hand -- and make he pay to find out . ( time lapse ) int . craigie kitchen - the kid he be lie on a cot in the darkness , next to the big wood - burn stove . Christian enter the shot and slip under the cover with he . christian I can not stay long . papa will be get up to milk . kid I be the one can not stay . I get to head for that bus . christian why do you come , kid ? kid well , hell , I do not know . I have kind of a rough time after you leave . christian Rough how ? kid Tuesday there be a ball game , but then the Cardinals go on the road . I never know time to drag so ; I be all tear apart -- christian because of the poker game come up ? kid that 's how I read it , but I be read it wrong . it be not lancey or the game that be chew at my inside -- christian what else be there could give you such a bad time ? kid I finally figure it . I locate where the trouble be . it be you . she be genuinely surprised at this and at first a bit dismay . but she more consider reaction be one of pleasure . christian oh , -- she kiss he . kid when you talk about do something besides poker if I get to be the man , you do not mean pass up the chance to make some dough from it for a while ? christian I sure do not . I tell papa , wherever money come from , it feel the same when you spend it . kid you be go to do some think down here . christian I do some . then they both react as craigie can be hear get up . kid I will be back after the game Christian -- you wait here for I and I will let you know . christian all right Eric -- good luck Monday . she give he a quick kiss and stand up . kid I get that make now . you say it right . my time 's come . ( time lapse ) ext . crossroad community - night ( pre - dawn ) the sun have not rise yet as the kid board the bus for St. Louis outside the general store . ext . highway in missouri - day the kid 's bus crossing the endless plain in the afternoon sun . ext . ST . louis bus terminal - night the clock above the load platform say it be a little after two in the morning as the bus pull up , and the kid , groggy from the long ride , get out . int . kide apartment he enter wearily , go straight into the bedroom and collapse on the bed . after a moment he summon the energy to loosen he shoelace and kick he shoe off . but that complete he preparation for sleep . int . shooter's apartment the shooter be awake because he can not sleep , and melba be awake because she be try to persuade he to do what she consider prudent . he sigh deeply as she solicitously pour he a cup of coffee . shooter twenty - five year I be building a reputation . melba handle this thing right and you reputation will be better than ever . int . lancey's HOTEL room lancey be also awake , confront a row of medicine bottle . he finish lay out a assortment of four different pill and capsule , pour himself a glass of hot milk from a carafe , and proceed to take the pill one at a time , with a sip of milk after each . ( time lapse ) int . kide apartment the kid , look completely refresh , be readying himself for the game . he have choose casual , comfortable clothes , and now he collect three item to take with he : a large bottle of mouthwash , a green sun-vizor , and finally , he stake . when he withdraw the money from the dresser drawer , we can see the pile have increase in size . the kid find a envelope to put it in , and he be ready to go . he start out but in the middle of the kitchen he stop to look at he watch . it be too early . he cross to the stove , pour himself a cup of coffee , and sit down to drink it . int . lancey's HOTEL room lancey have decide on a change of costume from he last game , and this time he go for the old - fashioned velvet smoking jacket and silk foulard . over this he put on a light overcoat . then he assemble medicine , toilet article and money , put they all into a small satchel . finally , he put on he hat and go to the door . int . plush HOTEL corridor we follow lancey 's progress as far as the elevator . int . shooter's apartment melba and shooter have finish dress , and he wait by the door while she do the inevitable last - minute thing to she makeup . shooter I make up my mind to this . I be not go to give he any help till he need it . melba I be glad you be take a stand . shooter hey , what if he start off lucky and stay ahead of the game the whole way . it could happen , you know . melba you will make it happen , baby . I have get faith in you -- ext . clock tower - night the hand be at 7:25 . int . taxi - the kid and driver - night the kid be look at the clock tower . kid once more around the square . ext . square outside dorset HOTEL - night the taxi drive away from camera follow the kid 's instruction . camera pan to the front of the dorset Hotel , which they have just pass . it be fifty year old or more , no longer elegant but still respectable . int . poker suite - lancey he be stand at ease among old friend , sip a creme de menthe frappe . lancey it 's a friendly town , St. Louis . I have always say that . camera move to take in the people around he , one after another . the shooter be there , and pig and sokal and hoban , and melba and hoban 's woman and a couple of other woman whose main attribute be physical , and Bill schlaegel . out of town representative include lady finger , who be about fifty , down on she luck but still cheerful and remarkably energetic ; and yeller , a light - skinned negro who have achieve stature in what be mainly a white man 's world , through diplomacy and a quick wit . the room be the large live - room of a once splendid suite ; there be enough chair and couch around the wall to accommodate a good many spectator , while the middle of the room have be clear for a round table with seven chair . shooter we be not see much of you though , last seven , eight year . lancey Climate , shooter . in my decline year , I spend more and more time in Florida and the Gulf Coast . lady finger lot of folk be figure another reason you be keep clear of the three river . lancey what reason be that , Lady finger ? lady finger Cincinnati kid. ( laugh ) that the way it be , lancey ? you be scared of the kid ? lancey should I be scared of he ? lady finger damn right you should ! I be tell you , that boy go to make you stomach ulcer bleed before the night be out . he 's close to murder . I see he give a fella the shake so bad on a fourth card , it take a pint of corn liquor to settle he down . lancey thanks for the warning . lancey notice that most of the people around he have turn to look at the doorway . he glance in the same direction in a casual sort of way . featuring the kid he saunter toward lancey . almost everyone greet he , and he respond to as many as he can . melba intercept he . melba mow the man down , sugar pie , make it quick and bloody . be too many lean year for all of we . kid I intend to take shooter right along with lancey . melba I be not talk about the old shooter . he 's be factory rebuilt . a new spirit dwelleth in he , and he gaze be on distant hill . the kid would like this cryptic word explain , but Lady finger descend on he . lady finger so you show up after all . you be a brave boy than I think , so much the worse for you . kid you think I will be sorry I come ? lady finger bound to . that lancey be not human , he 's one of they barracuda fish . he 's liable to bleed to death , right on a flush hand before he give up to you . I see he gut a fella so bad , the fella quit and get up and spit red in the john and go square . the kid see lancey approach , and turn to he . lancey hello , kid . pleasure to know you . kid lancey . I be look forward a long time . lancey sure , sure . you seem to know about everybody . yeller from New Orleans ? kid what do you say , yeller ? still feel salty with I ? yeller forgiven long since . ( to lancey ) we have a little jurisdictional dispute . kid I hustle a couple of boy , right in he territory . yeller so I try to tell he we rule down there . color mark be for color hustler . kid and I try to tell he how I get no prejudice . when I be on the edge of my stake , I hustle anybody at all , regardless of race , creed or color . anybody at all . yeller include my girl . kid Hell , I figure I be doin ' you a favor . yeller you do . suddenly they both laugh over a private memory and shake hand , obviously old friend . lady finger ( to lancey ) do you know Old cottonhead die ? lancey no , I have not hear . lady finger heart give out in a high - low game . lancey ( turn to the kid ) how you feel , kid ? kid great . you ? lancey the best . you think maybe we ought to see if we can stir up some action ? kid whatever you say , lancey . you be the -- ( correct himself ) you be we guest in this town . lancey well , I be kind of in the mood to play a little card . kid I think we ought to be able to get a game together in this crowd . lancey but first you take a look at thing -- make sure everything 's the way you want it . I already be around . kid thanks . I will do that . he turn toward the center of the room . the shooter follow he . mo . shot - at poker table - kid and shooter the old , solidly build wooden table have be cover with a white linen cloth on top of a blanket . the cloth be tie down under the rim so that the surface of the table be flat , tight and cushion by the blanket . the kid press he finger into it to test this factor . shooter it 's a old table . everything 's pretty old in this hotel . kid it 's solid , that 's what count . and you get the top fix perfect . lancey come into the shot behind they . lancey Light all right for you ? shooter two hundred watt bulb . kid Fine , excellent . okay with you ? lancey sure , sure . shooter 's set we up just great . kid sure have . shooter thank you , gent . try to do the best I could . ( look from one to the other ) card ? lancey why not ? kid good a time as any . shooter ( call ) hoban ! okay ! ( to kid and lancey ) you both know Joe hoban . he 's a draw poker man , but clean and straight as they come . hoban come into the shot with a dispatch case , which he set on the table . he unlock it with a key and turn it upside down . thirty seal deck of card spill on the table . hoban they come from the St. Louis Bridge Club , but they be poker size card . they be bond by the club steward and I see he take they out of the safe . shooter , Lady finger and I pick they up and come straight here with they . shooter hoban 's sell they to we at five dollar a pack , with the usual guarantee . if it 's prove any deck be spook , he pay off the loser . lancey St. Louis Bridge Club , eh? steward still that old yard bird okra ? hoban ( disturb ) that 's he . lancey ( not notice ; to kid ) Old stud man , okra . kid I do not know he . lancey quite a character . quite a character . hoban ( anxiously ) nobody hear from I what the card be for , kid . there be a quick exchange of glance all around as the other three realize what the imaginary suspicion be behind hoban 's defensive reaction . lancey ( to kid ) be ten year since I see or speak to Old okra . kid ' Kay , fine . do not worry about it , lancey . who 's sit down with we , shooter ? shooter four of we . I , pig , yeller and Doc sokal . if that 's all right with you both ? kid ' Kay , fine . lancey sure , sure . ( to kid ) shall we have a look at the deck ? close shot - kid and lancey with the pile of deck and the empty dispatch case on the table in front of they . they start check the deck one by one , each put the one he have cover in a pile for the other 's consideration . they examine the seal and the cellophane visually , and they also sniff both end for the odor of a hot iron . by the time they be through with this process ; the kid have find three deck he be not satisfied with , and lancy two . the kid pass he three reject to lancey , who toss they back into the dispatch case without look at they . then lancey try to submit he two to the kid , but the kid wave they away , and lancey throw they , too , into the case . lancey well , kid , what 's you game ? camera pull back to include the other four player , who have come up to the table , still not take chair until lancey and the kid have choose theirs . though lancey 's question be purely ritualistic , they look to the kid for he reply . kid I do not mind stud poker if that 's okay with you . lancey I get no objection to stud . ( to the other ) gentlemen ? consult the other be a formality , but all four of they -- yeller , shooter , pig and sokal -- nod or grunt or otherwise indicate assent . mo . shot - featuring bill across the room , he be indicate to the shooter that he would like a word with he before play begin . mo . shot - featuring shooter he detach himself from the group and sidle inconspicuously over to Bill . bill tell the kid I have a suite on the fifth floor . he can drop up during the break . bedroom all for he any time he want a nap . shooter that 's thoughtful of you , Bill . bill I be a thoughtful man . I hope you be . the poker table the kid gesture to lancey to choose he seat . lancey acknowledge the courtesy , glance at the window and pick himself a chair face away from it . lancey privilege of age . can not take the glare of the morning sun in my eye . the kid , follow protocol , move to a seat directly across from lancey 's . the shooter take he place at the table halfway between the kid and lancey , and pull the twenty - five eligible pack of card to he . shooter you want to have the usual brandy and coffee on hand , kid ? anything special for you , lancey ? lancey why , yes , shooter . creme de menthe frappe . Green . shooter ( glance around ) you get that , hoban ? ( to the table ) gentlemen , if there be no objection , I be the dealer . this room have be contract for , and there will be a ante of ten dollar per chair , per day . during the break for I , Old Lady finger have agree to deal , but she do not care to be a player -- lady finger ' voice do too care ! camera pan to reveal Lady finger as she step from among the spectator to a place behind lancey . lady finger can not afford to play , that 's the real truth . have a bad year and I be way over my edge . shooter Lady finger will get three dollar a hour from the ante , plus she room and food , and a five- minute break every hour . gent ? lancey Fine , shooter man . kid ' Kay with we . lady finger if you do not see I when you need I , call room three - oh-eight . ( tap lancey 's shoulder ) you know who else be not with we no more ? Miriam , widow use to run the kitchen game to South chi . lose two month 's relief at blackjack , coal dealer cut she credit , and she froze in she bed . the player - featuring the kid the kid have take he roll from he pocket and be count it out rapidly . the other player watch , interested to see how much he be put out . after count out one stack of thirty hundred , he distribute the rest in stack of twenty , ten and fives , fold each bill over once as protection against pick up more than one at a time . shooter gentlemen , this be a game of five - card stud poker . there be no limit . a dead man have one half hour to raise he roll outside and get back in the game . the kid have complete he count . reverse angle - featuring lancey he take the money from he satchel . lancey five grand ? Nice , tidy sum . I will put out the same . camera pan to yeller . yeller I swear I do not know what I be do sit down with you titan , but maybe it 's worth put up five thousand for the educational value . camera pan to pig as he bring out a roll and drop it casually in front of he . pig I will play with what I have in my pocket till I have to send out for more . twenty -seven , twenty - eight hundred , I do not know . camera pan past the kid to sokal , who be count out bill from a impressive roll . sokal five G 's , I be with it . do not mean I be goin ' blow it all , though . camera pan to the shooter , who be count out a smaller stake than anyone . shooter last and certainly least -- he put he money out without count it , take a deck of card , rip the cellophane off it , take the joker and toss they offhandedly to one side , not seem to take aim . featuring the joker head turn as the card sail through the air in unison , landing inside the shooter 's familiar hat , which be rest crown down on the mantelpiece . the spectator gape at the display of dexterity . featuring the shooter he begin to shuffle and all eye be upon he , not from suspicion but from pure admiration . he be in peak form , shuffle six time , once for each player and then slapping the card down before lancey , who be to the right of he , with a empty chair in between . close - lancey he waife he privilege of cut with a barely perceptible nod . the poker table the shooter acknowledge the compliment with the same sort of gesture . then he begin to deal in he magnificently precise way , pitching each card so that it come to a stop six inch in front of the player 's money and in clear view of everyone at the table . close shot - shooter's hand with sokal in b.g . it be notable that as the shooter complete deal hole card and switch to the first up card , there be no visible difference in the motion of he hand . he call the card as he deal they . shooter Seven , nine , trey , nine , ace , and the shooter gun up a ten . Ace bet . lancey ten dollar . shooter Dealer fold . sokal call the sawbuck . close shot - from behind kid he look at he hole card : a ace . kid I be in . pig be voice call . yeller' voice call . the poker table the shooter deal again . shooter King to the seven , pair of nine , deuce to the trey , queen -nine , ace - eight . kid nine bet twenty buck . each other player fold in turn . the shooter pull in the card , and the kid pull in the seventy dollar . the shooter shuffles and deal again . shooter Queen , ten , king , four , ace again , and a king for the shooter . lancey Ace bet ten dollar shooter King over . two shot - hoban and bill they be perch on the back of a love seat at the far end of the room , with they foot on the arm . this give they a view of the table through a pair of opera glass they share , but they be far enough from it to be able to discuss the hand freely . hoban shooter will not stay on a king or a ace if there 's another one show . bill what 's he have to have in the hole ? hoban ten or better . with no other ten show . the poker table the second round have be deal . sokal have a queen-eight , the kid a pair of ten , pig a king - seven , lancey a ace - five . yeller , like the shooter , have fold on the first card . the kid make the same bet of twenty dollar , and the other three remain player drop . lancey New deck . unhesitatingly , the shooter pull in the card , separate they into four or five pile , and tear each pile in two . he glance around , and hoban come up behind he . the shooter hand he the tear - up card and unseal another pack , go through the same routine of throw the joker into he hat . ( time lapse ) int . poker suite - at the poker table it be around midnight , and there be a more settle look to the game ; some of the player have remove they coat , and there be a good deal of smoke in the air . the kid have a cup of coffee by he , presumably with brandy in it ; lancey have he frappe ; pig be drink whiskey ; the shooter and yeller have bottle of bear . it be the end of a hand . with about six hundred dollar in the pot , pig , who have be call , turn over he hole card triumphantly . pig ace over eight . ( wait for a challenge , but the other turn they card ) thank you , gent . ( as he pull in money , to yeller ) be a laugh if the two champ end up clean . close shot - lancey he barely notice pig 's remark . close shot - kid he barely notice lancey 's reaction to pig 's remark . camera move among the spectator , who also have a more settle look about they . there be a bar , attend by a uniform HOTEL bellman , and most of the people be drink . we see in pass a couple go through the door to the bedroom and close it behind they . camera hold on the love seat as Bill rejoin hoban on they perch . bill any action ? hoban ( shrug ) what do you expect first five or six hour ? bill still feel each other out ? hoban pig 's ahead about a grand , shooter maybe three hundred . ( time lapse ) close shot - card be dealt sokal get a nine of club , the kid a six , pig a queen , yeller a king , lancey a jack , and the shooter a four . shooter's voice King bet . camera pull back to show the player . there be less oral accompaniment to the betting now . yeller King say twenty . lancey call , shooter drop , sokal call , the kid drop . pig in for twenty . shooter ( deal ) to the nine a ten , to the queen a seven , to the king a jack , and to the jack a jack . lancey pair of jack will venture a hundred dollar . sokal ( who have the nine and ten of club show ) I be in . pig ( after study the board ) up two hundred dollar . yeller ( fold ) leave it to the rich folk . two shot - hoban and bill bill lancey could be lay for he with three jack . hoban pig do not think so . lancey's voice ( o.s. ) call the two hundred . the poker table lancey put in he money and so do sokal . sokal I be stick . the poker table shooter deal another round : a eight of club to sokal , a second seven to pig , a ten to lancey . shooter possible straight flush , pair of seven . pair of jack be still high . lancey check to the seven . sokal likewise . pig ( try to be casual ) Bet the size of the pot . nine hundred and eighty dollar . lancey in for nine eighty . sokal I will play . two shot - hoban and bill bill what 's with lancey ? I think he would raise with three jack or drop with two pair . hoban he probably think pig 's fake the queen . anyhow , Doc 's liable take they both with a straight or a flush . the poker table there be a good deal of suspense hang on each card as the shooter deal . sokal get a five of diamond , and he disappointment be too great to conceal . shooter busted , no flush , no straight . pair of seven with a queen get a nine . to the pair of jack , a trey . pig ( count he money , try to be calm ) pair of seven will bet whatever I get here . twenty - four hundred buck . lancey I will call you twenty - four hundred -- close shot - the kid he watch lancey , puzzle ; this be not what he have expect . lancey's voice ( o.s. ) -- and raise you whatever I have leave . the kid relax ; this be more the way he figure it . the poker table lancey be completely calm . pig be shattered , he whole world suddenly blow apart . lancey come to fourteen hundred fifty dollar , pig . do not imagine you will have any problem promote that much in half a hour -- plus whatever you care to raise I . all eye be on pig , which do not make it any easier for he . he just sit there , he hand shaking . shooter fourteen fifty to the queen . you want to take you half hour , pig ? there be another long moment before pig flip over he up card . pig no , I be out . out of the game . he look at lancey with malevolence . lancey turn over he up card and toss they in front of the shooter . pig suddenly lunge toward the card , want a look at lancey 's hole card , but lancey be too quick for he and push the card into the pack the shooter be assemble . shooter ( to pig ) you tap City ? pig be suffer , weigh the advantage and disadvantage of make the dread admission . finally he nod . the shooter take a ten dollar bill from he own stake , and the other four remain player each add a ten . the shooter push the money toward pig . pig I get a woman . shooter I think you and hilda be quit . pig we be back . the other player look at the shooter to see if he be go to accept this statement at face value . he nod , that he do , and each man contribute another ten . the shooter pass the second fifty to pig . shooter see you around , pig . player ( ad lib ) so long , pig -- see you -- ' night . pig ( get up ) so long . camera follows he to the door . the spectator make room for he , no one say anything . at the door , pig turn back for he valedictory gesture . pig good luck -- kid. he go out . close shot - lancey he have be rearranging he money , but pig 's word make he head jerk up and toward the door . camera pull back to reveal the other player , who react in dismay to the breach of form . shooter he should not have say that . not after take tap City from the table . kid his woman 's be give he a rough time . want he to quit and go square . sokal at he age ? crazy . lancey he want to wish anybody luck , do not bother I . personally , I do not figure the kid need it . kid thanks , lancey . with that , the tension be go . but just to make sure , the shooter push he chair back . shooter I know it 's early , man , but what about take a little break ? ( time lapse ) int . poker suite - bill , melba and the shooter melba fill a beer glass from a bottle and serve it to the shooter . bill ( to melba ) it always distress I , a man reach he middle year and still have no assurance of next week 's income . melba I know what you mean . I like a man to have plenty of assurance . the shooter 's gaze wander o.s. camera move to feature the object of he attention , who be Lady finger , lancey and the kid . the two man would like to talk to each other , but Lady finger 's be monopolize lancey , and he do not want to offend she . lady finger spider man die kind of slow . first he give they a kidney , then he gall bladder , and then they take he whole damn stomach . you remember spider man , run the dice table down at Turk 's Club to Memphis . lancey who ? oh , spider man , sure , sure . lady finger he die kind of slow . the shooter come to lancey 's rescue . shooter need you help , Lady finger ... to make arrangement for food and shelter . he whisk she away . lancey and the kid , finally face each other alone , do not quite know how to begin . lancey good crowd . kid yeah . nice-look broad . lancey that 's a fact . kid that be a pretty thing to watch what you do to pig with that jack . lancey thanks , kid . from you , that 's nice to hear . kid when he bet out first , he be ready to think you have they back to back . even when he bet the size of the pot , he figure there be still a chance you be lay for he . but when you call he , I could see it in he eye he think you have jack and ten , and I know you have he hook . lancey you know , do you ? before I raise ? kid oh , sure , I see what you be pull all along . lancey be a bit take aback by the kid 's confident assertion , but he manage a smile . lancey you be to Miami , kid ? kid not yet . lancey beautiful town , lot of loose money around . you ought to come down some time . kid you mean it ? lancey sure , sure . lot of room down there . another spot you ought to work someday be reno , nevada . kid I hear . lancey you get to have nerve though . so much go on . action everywhere you turn . you lose the feel of the card when you be in so much action day in , day out . kid I would like to make it out there . lancey there 's different level of action there -- you would find yours , any kind you could ask for . kid I generally stick to stud . lancey sure , sure , for eat money . but you know how it be , I like to lay off once in a while and try crap . nothing serious -- I do not even think of it as work . kid oh , I do that . I will take a night off and shoot a little casino . or even blackjack . lancey you age , you do not need a regular vacation every year . but I , I have to forget the grind for a couple of week . I go to this place near delray Beach , and the whole time I do not play anything but bridge . kid that 's interesting . I could go for bridge if there be a way to do it without partner . lancey I be not keep you from you woman , be I ? kid ( after a slight hesitation ) no. we be -- she 's go away for a while . we be not sure we be look for the same thing . lancey I be sorry to hear that . kid I be hope Christian would run with I and would not try to make a big deal out of it . lancey but she try ? kid yeah , and now I do not know . I do not figure a man can change he way because the way I see it a man 's lucky he 's get something go for he that he can hold on to . a man can not change he way for a woman . lancey nooo , a man can not do that . kid I be wonder if it be not maybe a better idea not to look for a fix thing . just tie in to something nice when you be away from the action , and enjoy it , and let it wear itself out . lancey ( after a long moment ) that 's very interesting you should say that . you be pretty young to have figure thing out already . kid well she do not understand how it be with I and --- lancey ( warmly ) between we ? kid there be not but a few people , I guess who would understand -- lancey ( as the kid do not finish ) kid , you be the best stud man I have see in 35 year of action . you know that ? kid well -- thank you . lancey and when it come to broad , which be get to be a academic problem -- I can look back now to the two or three I ever consider I might want to spend the rest of my life with , and you know what ? I like it ... look back on they , that be -- ( then ) I always get a lot of companionship out of a good book . kid it 's very educational , hearing what it 's like for a man you age . lancey glad to be of help . and it 's good we have this little talk so I know we can be friend regardless what happen . kid that sound good to I . I do not think you be come in at I like a grudge match . lancey no room for any kind of emotion in a fair game of stud . I learn that a long time ago . lady finger ' voice ( o.s. ) ready for some action , gentleman . they look at each other and then exit . angle including the poker table Lady finger be sit in shooter 's place , rippling and shuffle the card . yeller , sokal , and the shooter be all either sit at the table or stand near it . lancey , follow by the kid , return to the table . lady finger it 's a whole New deal . good hand all around . prosperity for everybody . lancey you be still good , finger . lady finger get crippled up , lancey . not many of the old gang leave . you hear whistle Sam be go ? lancey no , I do not hear . lady finger I be the one get call to the morgue to identify he . I do not suppose you see anybody be run over by a twelve - ton bulldozer . lancey no , can not say that I have . lady finger do not go out of you way . ( time lapse ) int . poker suite - toward window Morning sunlight be stream in . the poker table the kid , face the sun , wear he eyeshade . the shooter have resume the deal and now hand out last card to sokal , the kid and himself . shooter Bet the pot . four hundred and twenty dollar . sokal fold . kid it 's yours . shooter thanks , gent . make I exactly even . this kind of a game , that 's a smart place to quit . ( take he money off the table ) just do the deal , if that 's all right with everybody . ( time lapse ) the poker table it be later in the morning . Three player be leave in the hand on the last card : yeller with nothing higher than a jack , lancey with a king - queen show and sokal with a ace - king . shooter ace-k be the high man . sokal shoot the work . ( count it out ) nine hundred and thirty buck . yeller I be over . lancey ( put out the money ) what have you get ? sokal ( unhappily ) do not matter . if you can call I , you beat I . Ace -king high . lancey ( turn a ace ) ace-k - queen high . yeller ( to the kid ) I have they both with a pair of fives . sokal wind it up for I , man . and I can not say it 's be a pleasure . ( despairingly ) that one I be sure I could steal . yeller lancey have a build - in burglar alarm . I be also withdraw from the field of battle , gentleman . settle for the seventeen hundred I have already drop . yeller pull in the money in front of he . there be now about $ 19,500 leave on the table , $ 11,500 in front of lancey , $ 8,000 in front of the kid . lancey ( to the kid ) well , just the two of we . kid yeah , just the two of we . deal they , shooter man . ( time lapse ) the poker table there be around $ 1,500 in the pot . shooter deal a unhelpful card to lancey 's pair of ace , and a nine to the kid 's king - queen-ten . kid cost you a grand . lancey compulsory call , kid . the kid turn up a jack and pull in the money . ( time lapse ) the poker table the last bet have be make and there be about $ 3000 in the pot . lancey expose he hole card . lancey two pair , jack up . kid king up . he take in the money . ( time lapse ) the poker table there be $ 2500 in the pot . lancey show a pair of king , the kid a ace and three odd card . the shooter deal a nine to lancey . the kid he be watch the shooter intently . featuring the shooter's hand - kid be p.o.v. the deal motion look perfectly legitimate as the shooter give the kid a ace . lancey 's hand reach into the shot to turn over he up card . lancey's voice ( o.s. ) studd again . the kid he take the money in slowly , he eye on the shooter . now the distribution of money have be reverse . the kid have something under $ 12,000 , lancey something under $ 8,000 . the shooter he avoid meeting the kid 's gaze . ( time lapse ) the poker table - from behind the kid on the fourth card lancey show a pair of seven , the kid a pair of eight and a ten . lancey two thousand dollar . the kid lift he hole card and we see it be a ten . kid call two thousand . he turn to watch the shooter . featuring the shooter's hand - kid be p.o.v. again there be no indication of improper deal as the shooter give lancey a odd card and the kid a ten , complete he full house . lancey's voice ( o.s. ) two thousand more . the poker table kid take it . I can not beat three seven . ( then as the shooter 's eye flicker with surprise ) I would like a break to get some food and sleep -- I be winner so it be not up to I to say it but I be say it anyway . he exit . after a moment the shooter follow . lancey watch they go then rise , apparently still fresh and strong . Lady finger join he . lancey ( pleasantly ) my dear , that young man be a stud poker - play son-of - a-bitch . lady finger gettin ' to you , lancey ? lancey look at she a moment , then smile . lancey ( softly ) not yet he be not . he move through the crowd , then exit . CUT to : int . bedroom - bill be suite - the kid &amp ; shooter they be alone in the room . shooter be uncomfortable and would like to be elsewhere but the kid be stand in front of the close door . the kid now , just what the hell be you try to pull ? shooter ( try to bluff it ) nothing -- what be you talk about ? the kid grab he and slam he against the wall . the kid you , shooter man -- you be feed I card for a hour . shooter ( angry and ashamed ) the hell I be . ( he wait a brief moment then ease away from the kid ) Christ , kid , even if I be you could not spot it -- I be too good a mechanic for anybody to spot it . the kid ( grab he and slamm he against the wall again ) but I be look for it , shooter -- four time you give I the card I need . shooter ( a little shrill ) you see it before often enough . one player draw four good one . the kid never in a game when I be tell ahead the dealer have a stake in my come out on top . shooter ( slumping ) my woman tell you . the kid she tell I enough to make I start think . shooter ( almost plead ) why should you bitch if I give you a little help ? the kid why , you dumb bastard ? -- you have to ask I why . ( ready to hit he ) I could break you apart for what you have do . shooter ( back off ) kid , you get to understand . it be not my idea -- the kid well who the hell 's be it then -- schlaegel ? -- shooter he 's get the squeeze on I kid and he 's meaner than hell . he will cut I up if I do not come through . ( then ) you think I want to deal a phony game ? you think it do not mean something to I ? I never do a crooked thing before in my life . the kid my ass bleed for you -- now you get straight on this . no fix . you come along straight or I blow it wide open . shooter he 's liable to kill I . the kid he be not goin ' to do nothin ' to you except pay off because I be goin ' to win . shooter it be a hell of a chance to take . the kid you get no choice . shooter he be not goin ' to like it . the kid ( almost yell at he ) he be not goin ' to know . ( then quietly ) shooter , I be goin ' to win this one -- win it my way -- and you ride with I or you be out , finish . shooter I ride with you . the kid you better not forget it -- now beat it . I need some sleep . shooter look at he , then move towards the door . the kid tell Mr. schlaegel I accept he offer to use the room . the shooter go out . the kid cross to the phone . the kid ( into phone ) I want to be call at 4 p.m. on the nose . for sure -- thanks . CUT to int . lancey's room in the privacy of he room he show how close he be to exhaustion . wearily , he sit on the bed and begin to remove he shoe . then , catch he reflection in the mirror , straighten . lancey not yet he be not . but he damn well might . CUT to int . bedroom , bill be suite - close shot - melba she be in the final stage of undress . camera move with she as she step to the kid 's bedside and get into bed with he . have accomplish this without waking he , she speak into he ear in imitation of a hotel phone operator . melba good afternoon , sir . it 's exactly four o'clock . he awaken in considerable confusion . melba be amused by he difficulty in adjust to he circumstance . melba it 's really only about twenty - five to four . you can stay right where you be . the kid I do not want you to think I be get too personal , but you mind tell I how the hell you come to be here ? melba you mean you do not remember last night ? we drank all that champagne and you say " let 's get marry right away , " and we charter a plane to -- the kid can it -- ( then ) where 's shooter ? melba I lock the door . it 's incredible the way you invariably worry about the shooter . the kid it 's incredible the way you invariably do not . melba worry take time and we do not have a lot . the kid we be suppose to sit down again at half past four . melba do it really matter so much to you now , that sense of obligation to the shooter ? the kid ( think about shooter ) I get no obligation to the shooter. ( then to melba ) or to you . melba obligation be not what I have in mind . CUT to int . lancey's room he be shave . apparently much stronger but he hand be shaking . he look at it . it steady . after a moment he smile a little . CUT to int . bathroom , bill suite camera be on the shower door as the SOUND of run water cease . the kid can be see indistinctly through the door . the kid reach I a towel ? melba , who be dress again and apply she lipstick , come into the shot , take a towel from a rack and hand it to he after he open the shower door . he give himself a quick once - over with it , the secure it around he waist , step out of the shower stall , and begin the process of shave . melba meanwhile finish restore she makeup . melba you any idea how much the shooter have involved in this game of yours ? the kid if schlaegel bet as much on I as I hear , I guess he would pay a nice piece of change to be sure I win . melba it 's worse than that . schlaegel stake he for three year . he have he hook so deep in shooter man , he will take out he liver when he pull they out . the kid stop shave and look at she . the kid you ask I to go along with the fix ? melba I be ask you to consider whether you ego be worth destroy another man 's whole life . the kid you be still work for he . on my time you be still work for he . melba what kind of switch be this ? you criticize I for try to chippie on he , then I get a little loyal and you be at I for that . the kid no -- I do not hold it against you . you want to make thing right for he -- but this game I handle my way -- win , lose , or draw . there be a knock on the door . melba roll and coffee for the hard - head hero . camera pan to take in the view of the bedroom as she cross it to the door , talk as she go . melba believe I kid there be too much at stake for we to rely on you do it on you own . she have pause at the door to finish she sentence . now she unlock and open it -- to Christian . melba be so take aback she can not do anything but stand there hold the door open . the kid , in the bathroom in f.g. , be similarly freeze in he track . after a moment Christian advance into the room . reverse angle - christian in f.g. the scene as it look to Christian be circumstantially incriminate . camera move with she gaze from the kid to the one muss bed , to melba . the face and the silence of the two people be even more incriminate than the circumstance . christian hello , kid. hello , melba . ( a pause ) you say wait home ' till you let I know . the kid yeah , that 's what I say . we take a break in the game to catch some sleep . shooter send he woman up here to wake I up . melba yeah , I wake he up . christian it do not take much . melba no , I do not find it any trouble . ( awkwardly ) well , you child do not need I , that 's for sure . see you downstairs . ( to Christian ) you , too , honey , right ? christian I will be around if the kid want I . the kid see you , melba . thanks . melba por nada , as they say . it be nothing . she walk past camera and a moment later come the SOUND of the door close behind she . the kid , who have move into the bedroom , cross to he clothes on a chair , and pick up he undershort and trousers . he return to the bathroom , use the door for partial concealment as he remove he towel and put on he short and trousers . the kid you be to the place ? christian no , I have get my bag downstairs . maybe I will take it over later on tonight . the kid how 's you mama and papa ? christian Fine . how 's the game go ? the kid fasten he trousers and return to the basin to give he face a last few stroke with the razor and wash off the soap . the kid it 's come to be just I and lancey . he come back into the bedroom to finish dress . as he movement bring he fairly close to Christian , he realize he have not kiss she , and repair the omission before put he shirt on . christian ( after the kiss ) I be wonder . the kid I get my mind on the card . christian I know . and I do not want to rattle you . we get plenty to talk about , but it can all wait . except I want to say this . I come back because I figure if it be go to work with we , it 's silly I sit home with mama while you be play you big game . I mean if I be any use to you at all , this be when it 's most important . to the kid preoccupy by the game and the fix , feel both affection and guilt . the idea that she can be any use to he against lancey be one he can not grasp . the kid I be glad you come , Christian . you get as much right here as anybody . ( then ) more right , I should have say . christian should you ? the kid Hell , yes . the change I come out with when I win this one , you be go to be the one to spend it . he move toward the door . christian Eric -- the kid ( turn back ) look , I say I be glad you come -- and that 's all until I wrap this up -- I be a poker player , remember ? she look at he . after a moment he exit . she follow . CUT to : the poker table it be evening . Lady finger deal a first up card to the two player . the kid get a eight , lancey a jack . the kid the eight will try two bill . lancey ( turn he card ) no stay . Lady finger scoops up the card , shuffles they into the rest of the deck , submit it to lancey for he cut , and deal they another two card apiece -- all in the space of second . the kid get a queen , lancey a nine . the kid two hundred . lancey ( turn he card ) no stay . int . poker suite camera start on yeller , who be stretch out on the loveseat with he eye close and pan up to include hoban , who sit at the observation post with the binocular . yeller speak without open he eye . yeller anything ? hoban naaa , kid pair king . he win a hundred . camera move on past a window , show it be night outside ; past a group of other spectator ; past Bill , shooter and melba who watch the game grimly ; and finally to the table , where the shooter be deal again . the kid be down to he undershirt , and even lancey have make a few concession to comfort . the player have just be deal they third card . Christian move up to stand behind the kid . lancey Queen bet another c-note . the kid ( fold ) take it away . he look up at Christian . the kid go read a magazine , honey . she hesitates . then move away . lancey watch this . ( time lapse ) int . poker suite - christian it be later at night . the magazine lie open on Christian 's lap ; she be stare absently into space . lady finger ' voice ( o.s. ) all right , gent . I be declare a break . the announcement rouse Christian from she reverie . the poker table Lady finger be in the dealer 's chair . the two player look pretty weary . lady finger I break . the kid I do not want a break . lancey well , I do not either . the kid deal . Lady finger put down the deck . pick up a new one . lancey ( snap ) same deck be good enough . the kid I want a new deck . lancey alright , alright -- a new deck then , Jesus . the kid deal . Lady finger look at the two man for a long moment . put the card down . lady finger you want to deal ? then deal they yourselves . I be go to the john . I be go to get something to eat , and I be go to take a nap . you barracudas can snap all you want but at each other -- I be take a break and if you do not like it you can both go to hell . she turn and stalk off . lancey and the kid look at each other for a moment , then both grin . the kid I guess we be tell . lancey look that way . the kid ( rise ) see you in about 3 / 4 of a hour , lancey , right ? lancey make it a hour . Old bone need a little more time to loosen up . the kid ( meaning it ) listen , I think it be amazing you have be able to keep go this long . as he head for the door , lancey react to this . then stand and look around the room . group of people stand in the shadow watch silently , not hostile but certainly not friendly . he be the man but he be get beat and nobody be sorry . after a moment he turn and leave from a side door . camera pan to hold on Christian as she stop the kid by the door . int . poker suite christian ( take he hand ) Eric -- shooter ( simultaneously ) you fan on the fifth floor want you to have a bite with he . alone . kid there 's nothing to talk about . shooter you better , kid . you do not , you be only make worse trouble . Christian scan both they face as they talk ... concerned . the kid if you think so . ( to Christian ) sorry . christian what 's wrong ? the kid nothing , nothing you have to worry about . I will see you later . he head for the door . Christian look after he . the kid get something to eat . CUT to : int . bill suite Bill and the kid be sit at a room-service table . Bill nibble at some cheese and cracker while the kid tackle a large steak . Felix , the chauffeur , stand in attendance on they . bill I think it would be better if you and I sit down together to see if we could not work out we difference . Felix ! he motion to Felix , indicate a wine bottle on the table . Felix step over and refill the kid 's glass . the kid what I tell the shooter go . bill be you say no before we have even discuss it ? be I to feel all my argument will be waste ? the kid just look at he -- then return to he meal . bill I will skip to the final argument . ( then ) more salad , perhaps ? he make a peremptory gesture to Felix , who spring forward to offer the salad bowl to the kid . bill the shooter will be back deal when you start again . he will give you a occasional helpful card . the kid that 's a argument ? bill that 's a fact . I be come to the argument . the kid I will give you a fact . I will not let it happen . bill be that knife sharp enough ? Felix . Felix jump into action again . he move to the kid 's side , reach into a breast pocket and take out a switch blade , which he clock open a inch or two from the kid 's neck . it be a extremely ugly - look and menace weapon . bill see if it cut better with that . Felix hand the knife to the kid , who try it on he steak . bill sharp ? the kid very . but it do not cut any ice with I . he jam the knife in the table and snap off the blade . the kid ( rise ) not this time . he exit . int . HOTEL corridor as the kid exit Christian be wait for he . he move down the corridor , preoccupy . she follow . the kid do you eat ? christian no . the kid ( stop , look at she irritate ) why not , for Chris sake ? christian Eric -- the kid ( move away ) you should eat something . christian ( loudly , stop ) I have get to talk to you . he stop , look at she . the kid talk . christian ( fumble ) it 's -- about we . what 's go to happen ? the kid ( interrupt ) what 's go to happen ? what 's go to happen for Chris sake be I be go to win the game . ( then more softly ) you go back to the apartment , honey , this might take two more day . christian ( flatly ) if I go , I be not go back to the apartment . if I go -- I be just go . the kid ( after a long moment ) well , that 's up to you , Christian . he look at she a moment longer then move up the corridor . she watch he , then turn . stand in the open door some distance away be schlaegel and Felix . CUT to : int . poker suite - the shooter's hand shuffle the card . camera pull back enough to see he face as he look across at the kid . camera pan to a close shot of the kid , and then past a couple of spectator , include Christian and melba , to Bill , whose eye be on the kid . finally camera pan back to the kid . the kid I tell you , shooter -- I will not go for it . the poker table - including bill both the shooter and Bill be aware of a portentous note in the kid 's tone . lancey what 's up ? the kid the shooter 's not well . he do not want to spoil the game , but he ought to be rest ... he ought to be in the hospital . lancey well , we get Lady finger . or we can deal ourselves . shooter I be okay . what the kid 's talk about be nothing . it 's just not important . the kid it be to I ... you want to kill yourself , do it on you own time . lancey look from the kid to the shooter , sense that there may be something more behind this , but not know just what . lancey I get to go along with that , shooter . Lady finger ! you ready ? close shot - lady finger rising from she chair . lady finger like Eddie the dude say on he deathb , I be as ready as I will ever be . ( time lapse ) int . poker suite - close shot - the kid and poker hand the four card show be the ace , ten and two little club . as camera pull back we also have time to note the kid 's stake . he be still ahead . lancey count out five hundred dollar from he stake , leave about thirteen thousand , and put it into a pot that already contain around a thousand . lancey I can not persuade myself you have the flush . the kid turn up the jack of club . lancey now I can . the kid pull in the money . ( time lapse ) int . poker suite - the kid - lancey - and poker hand both man be show the strain . perhaps lancey the most as he appear to be consistently lose . show be two nine and two odd card . lancey's voice ( o.s. ) I be go to pay the price to look at that third nine . the kid turn up another nine and reach for the money . lancey's voice ( o.s. ) caveat emptor . New deck , please . ( time lapse ) the poker table - from behind the kid he show a pair of eight and two odd card against lancey 's pair of queen . he take another look at he hole card , and we see that it be of no help to he . the kid pair of eight bet a even thousand dollar . hoban and yeller they be both sit on the back of the loveseat now . the binocular pass from one to the other . both man be tense over the grow excitement of the game . yeller ten buck and my notoriously fallible instinct tell I the boy be bluff this time . hoban Mark it . camera move to the other four remain spectator : Christian , melba , the shooter and Bill . they be close enough to see the card but too close to discuss they . the poker table the kid have almost half the money in front of he now , and be play with increase assurance and pressure . lancey ( turn he card ) I be not that curious . hoban and yeller hoban ( excitement in he voice ) the kid be push it and make it stick . camera move to the other four spectator as they react to the kid 's successful streak . shooter ( in a low voice ) he 's get to he . and it look that way . lancey appear old and unsure . the kid sharp and cold . a young barracuda move in for the kill . camera move in close to Christian as she try to catch the kid 's eye . think she have it , she smile she encouragement . featuring the kid he look right at she and do not seem to see she . Lady finger have deal the first up card of a new hand , and lancey be high . lancey two hundred . the kid and up five . lancey fold . close - christian amid the grow excitement and tension she be a complete outsider . ( time lapse ) the poker table the kid show two jack and two odd card ; lancey a pair of ace and two odd card . lancey put about eight hundred dollar into the pot . lancey betting the jack be not there , kid . the kid expose he hide jack . shooter , bill and melba greed and a almost vicious satisfaction mark they face as they watch lancey falter . the shooter whisper to Bill just loud enough for the girl to hear . shooter we be in -- I think he 's get he . Christian look at they , then at the kid . hesitates a moment then suddenly get to she foot and start for the door . only melba notice she , and even she do not have time to question she . camera follows Christian to the suite entrance , where she pick up she bag then turn to look back at the table . featuring the kid the place where Christian be sit be right in he line of vision but he have not observe she departure . close shot - christian she go on out the door . int . poker suite - angle including window the second dawn of the contest be near at hand . the room , continuously live in for so long by so many people , be a shamble of dirty glass and plate , empty bottle , full wastebaskets and ash trays , and fray people . at the poker table , Lady finger be deal a new hand . lady finger a jack and a ten . Jack bet . camera move in close enough for we to see the card . lancey have the jack of heart , the kid the ten of club . lancey Jack be willing to wager two hundred dollar . the kid take he first look at he hole card . close shot - showing face of hole card it be the queen of heart . the kid and up five hundred . lancey look at he a long moment . his face pale and shake . the kid be beat he . push -- buy -- always press and lancey know he be lose one hand at a time , not badly but consistently and inevitably . his age and fatigue be a strong handicap for the long pull . then he face settles as if he have come to a decision . he smile lightly summoning some last reserve of strength , almost as if he know this will be the last hand , win or lose . lancey call you five hundred and five hundred more . the kid ( after a brief hesitation ) call . hoban and yeller hoban fifty to one hundred say lancey pair he jack . yeller Mark it . the poker table Lady finger deal the ten of diamond to the kid , give he a pair , and the ten of heart to lancey . lady finger pair of ten . Jack , ten of heart . the kid five hundred . lancey you five hundred -- and up one thousand . the raise be a surprise . the kid 's eye go up to study lancey 's face , even though he know what a futile effort that be . hoban and yeller hoban fifty to seventy - five he 's get the jack wire . yeller Mark it -- could be a high heart . Queen 's the best , but that old man can be cocky with a ace or a deuce . ' specially have one of the kid 's ten . the poker table lady finger one thousand to the ten . the kid call . lady finger ( deal ) a third ten , and a nine of heart to the ten , jack . series of angle the kid , lancey , shooter , melba , schlaegel , yeller , hoban and other as they realize this could be the big hand . hoban he will run . he 's beat on the board anyway you look at it . even if he have the jack it be better than eight to one against improve . yeller he will not run and I do not think he 's get the jack . I think he 's go for the flush . the kid ( after a moment ) two thousand , five hundred dollar . lancey look at he , then at the card . the moment stretch . lady finger ( finally ) two thousand , five hundred dollar to the three heart . lancey look at she . his face briefly show he anger . the kid notice this and react . lancey ( finally , casually ) reasonable bet . two thousand five hundred . ( he count out the money to Lady finger ) deal they . shooter ( know this be it ) he 's go for it and the kid 's get he . he 's go all the way . lady finger ( deal ) a queen of diamond to the three ten . ( a note of excitement in she voice ) and a eight of heart to the possible flush . possible straight flush . Three ten bet . the kid check the amount of money in front of he . the shooter and bill they exchange a quick look of satisfaction , and then they eye go back to the card . hoban and yeller they each take a quick turn with the binocular . hoban if the kid bet into the flush he 's fill up with a queen in the hole . yeller if the man have a flush or a straight , he go under . ( then ) but not with both . from behind the kid he look at he hole card . it be still the queen of heart . he have a full house , which have to be the win hand unless lancey have the audacity to bet out with a jack - seven of heart , and to raise the kid with a jack - ten-seven . the kid Bet what 's in front of I . make it fifty - four hundred buck . he count out all he money except a few smaller bill . the watcher reacting . featuring lancey he take he time before he respond . lancey fifty -four hundred buck be a nice piece of money . ( count it out ) I see the bet and raise sixty - seven hundred . slowly and deliberately , revealing nothing in he face , he reach into he breast pocket and take out a slim wallet and begin to let the bill flutter out on the table . the kid look at he freeze . the shooter and bill Bill hiss softly into the shooter 's ear . bill kid have he , do not he ? but the shooter , like the kid , be white - face and freeze by the raise . the remaining spectator they crowd in close to the table : hoban , yeller , Bill , the shooter , and melba . kid ( after a long moment ) I be take my half hour to raise my stake . lady finger I declare a thirty - minute break . leave you card and money on the table . the game will start again at five forty - five . lancey I will take you marker , kid . kid I can raise it . lancey I know you can . kid Long as you know . ( he rap the table ) -- call . lancey ( turn up a heart seven ) straight flush to the jack -- that 's $ 6700 you owe I , kid . close shot - the kid there be nothing to be gain from a poker face now , and he react with a stunne expression in which all the accumulate strain and fatigue be beginning to show . camera move among the spectator : hoban and yeller , who be sorry for the kid and admire of lancey ; Bill , who be all the more angry at he defeat because he hope be up ; the shooter , who be a very unhappy man ; and melba , whose anger at the kid be balanced by she fear of schlaegel and what will happen to the shooter and possibly to she . the poker table lancey pull in the money while the kid stare at he dumbly . Lady finger riffle the card . lancey New deck . lady finger be you play , kid ? you get a half a hour to raise you stake . kid no -- I be through . lady finger ( formally ) gentlemen , this game be over . lancey you be one hell of a poker player , kid . that be a rough hand . kid thanks . lancey what 's the tab for the whole show ? as he settles up , the camera follows the kid to he brandy bottle . as he pour himself a slug , melba and shooter join he . closer angle melba you have to do it , do not you -- you have to go for it you own way . ( then , as the kid do not answer ) well , sonny , I hope you learn something . I know we sure as hell do . kid where 's Christian ? melba she 's go . she 's get too much sense to stick with a two bit loser . shooter shut up . ( then : ) sorry , kid . kid yeah . ( then : ) I should have know he have it , shooter man . I walk into it . shooter ( try to grin as schlaegel and Felix move up ) well , kid , it 's like I say -- you just be not ready . bill ( to the shooter ) be you ready , shooter man ? we be have a meeting and I suggest you join we . shooter look at he a moment and nod , and take melba by the arm , move toward the door follow by Felix . melba why I -- I be not part of this . shooter ( jerk she forward ) oh , yes you be -- you and you big mouth -- you be part of it all right . schlaegel he 's right , my dear . now run along with Felix . we be go to have a long talk about that big mouth of yours . melba start to protest , but Felix jerk she out the door . shooter hesitates , then follow . different angle schlaegel turn to the kid . schlaegel I be wrong . I figure you for brain . but you be a loser , kid . you have a chance to play with grownup and you run . ( then , as lancey and Lady finger approach ) they be not play you game . they be play mine . think about that while you find a place to hide . but hide good , kid -- because I get a message for you and I be go to see it deliver . the kid look at he , look at lancey and Lady finger , wonder about what schlaegel have say , angry about it . the kid any time . schlaegel nod , move to the door . new angle lancey and Lady finger join the kid . lady finger never think I would see the day . you raise ten on a lousy three - flush . lancey get down to what it 's all about , do not it ? make the wrong play at the right time . the kid ( sharply ) that 's what it 's all about ? ( then , as lancey look at he and do not answer ) you be crazy -- odd be three hundred to one against . lancey ( after a moment ) I do not play a percentage game . I play stud poker my way . and I get the money and you get the question . figure that out . ( then , not unkindly ) you be good . but as long as I be around , you be second best , kid ... and you might as well learn to live with it . the kid look at he and do not answer . lancey look I up if you be in Miami after Christmas . stillson Hotel . he smile he very pleasant smile and go out the door . scene lancey stop surround by a crowd of admirer offer they congratulation . the kid watch for a moment then take a long drink out of the bottle and ease through the crowd and out the door . int . corridor as the kid move down the hall and enter the elevator . int . lobby as he move through the almost desert lobby into the street . ext . ST . louis STREET - dawn effect series of angle of the kid walk alone through the city . during the above there be a impression someone be follow he . ext . deserted STREET near the kide apartment he turn a corner and there be a man block he path . suddenly three man move in behind he . he turn , trap . closer angle the man be four of the original seven player he hustle in the open scene . note : during the progression of the game first one , then two , then all four man will be include among the observer . always in the background , never positively identify . they presence should be feel if not recognize . danny so it be not Eric Stone , from the foundry . it 's the Cincinnati kid King of the stud poker player . the kid no -- not the King -- not much of anything right now . danny ( move towards he ) we will start with give you back what you give I . he move toward the kid . christian ( o.s. ) Eric -- the man hesitate . new angle as Christian get out of a taxi . danny ( as she move toward they ) tell she good - bye , sport . you be not go any place . the kid I know that . he cross to Christian . christian be you all right ? closer angle the kid I be fine . ( then ) be not you go to say good - bye ? christian I say good - bye . the kid yeah , I guess you do . ( then ) you do not know if I win or lose do you ? christian no -- it do not really matter . ( then after a long moment ) I love you , kid -- and it 's not enough . the kid yeah , I know . taxi driver ( call ) listen , Lady , it 's come on the morning rush . I get to have one fare after another or I be behind for the day . Christian do not answer . she look at the kid for a long moment , then turn and go . he watch she . she enter the cab and it leave . the kid just stand there . different angle Danny and the other move up around he . the kid ignore they . after a moment Danny swing from behind and knock he to the pavement . he lie there stunne for a moment . they look down at he . then he come up . he flatten two in the process of be badly beat . they leave he . different angle as the city awaken . finally , he stir , stand and walk away . fade out the end