the equalizer written by Richard wenk base on the Television Series create by Michael sloan first draft June 25 , 2012 a alarm clock Hit 5:30 am and go off . bedroom grey morning light . alarm still buz because the room 's empty . bed already make . tight enough to flip a quarter . room spartan and immaculate . Inside the bathroom ... a hand wipe steam off a fogged bathroom mirror just enough to see the straight razor glide across the final patch of lather ... int . kitchen - morning blender be load : wheat grass , almond milk , whey protein , a cup of organic blueberry . wrist watch - finger hit the stopwatch button on it ... hand do the dish drying the blender and glass . into a cabinet where there 's only one of everything . arm iron a shirt with the precision of a surgeon . spray starch , stiff collar and cuff ... int . bedroom - morning shirt 's buttone . leather belt slip into crease pants . tie knotted and tightened exactly . stepping in front of a mirror ... ROBERT mccall Middle age , middle class , middle of the road look . please with he appearance , mccall add a final touch . a orange vest . finger hit the stop button on the watch timer ... CUT to : a dozen orange vest move about various aisle inside ... home depot - morning dolly full of quickset , painting material and plumbing supplies be wheeled through the aisle by contractor and handymen . mccall on a ladder toss down a box of wall switch to a day laborer . mccall do not you pick up switch last week ? laborer owner want touch dimmer now . mccall smile . climb down the ladder . mccall when they pay ... mccall / laborer they say . loading dock mccall push a dolly load with plywood towards a panel van . huffing and puffing past two young dude lean against a fork lift . young dude 1 should make the old guy take fitness test . young dude 2 like firemen . mccall sweat . removing he glove as he walk past the Young dude . young dude 1 betcha do not have to push no dolly in you last job , do ya pop . mccall ( good nature ) guilty as charge . as he walk off ... young guy 2 dude come in here thinkin’ it 's all tape measure , paint can and '' how may I help you '' . int . home depot break room - day mccall on he break . a dozen employees scattered around the room on plastic chair in front of Formica table . mccall make he way to the back table where ralphie , a heavyset kid in he 20' sit alone . take a seat . ralphie empty the content of he bag for mccall to see . mccall look suspicious . ralphie it 's tuna . mccall what kind of bread ? ralphie Whole grain . gluten-free . mccall condiment ? ralphie sprout . avocado . veganese mayo . mccall smile . dig into he ground turkey and veggie mix as ralphie bite into he sandwich ... crunch ralphie wince . on mccall 's look ralphie slide he sandwich across the table . mccall lift the bread to reveal a layer of potato chip . ralphie ( cont 'd ) what ? potato be a vegetable . prison yard stare from mccall . ralphie ( cont 'd ) I like crunchy thing . mccall carrot be crunchy . dried seaweed be crunchy . you like that ? mccall pick off a chip , hold it up . mccall ( cont 'd ) partially hydrogenate vegetable oil . corn syrup . that be the enemy , son . ( beat ) you wanna make Security Guard ? you gotta lose weight . test be come up in a week . you ask I to help you . but if you be not go to apply yourself ... ralphie drop he head in defeat . mccall reach across the table and lift ralphie 's head back up . mccall ( cont 'd ) hey . you can do it . progress , not perfection . int . subway - night rush hour crowded . mccall stand in the pack car . just another tired face at the end of a long day ... ext . ocean avenue , brooklyn lower middle class neighborhood of aging apartment building and bodegas . Street lamp flicker on as mccall reach a five story walk up . build foyer mccall open the only mailbox with no name on it . remove a flyer and a credit card offer that go right in the trash . mccall kitchen mccall watch the 6:30 news as he wash he dinner dish ... single dish , fork , knife and glass . ext . coney island boardwalk - night only half operational . ferris wheel moan and creak under the weight of bundle up patron . mccall sit on a bench people watch . comfortable . at peace . ping ! the shoot booth catch he attention . watch a poor immigrant father plop down dollar after dollar valiantly try to win a giant sponge Bob for he kid . only to fail every time . the Father eventually run out of dollar and walk off with he heartbroken son . int . mccall 's bedroom - night clock read 9:40 . mccall in bed . reading a hardcover of hemingway 's '' Old man and the Sea '' . clock 1:48 am mccall in the dark . Wide awake . int . a diner - night a punch -drunk , open - all - night dive . a bored counterman behind the chip Formica counter . doorman from down the block read the next day paper . a lone girl at a table by the window , ear phone in , ipod play , eye close ... cheap cocktail dress , stocking and costume jewelry leave no doubt what she be ... Wall clock say 2:11 am when mccall walk in with he book . shuffle to a seat at he usual table near the back . counterman come over and set a cup and a small pot of hot water at mccall 's table without ask . mccall use a napkin to wipe out the cup . take a tea bag from he pocket , drop it in the cup and pour the boil water over it . open he book and read . teri ( os ) he catch the fish yet ? mccall glance up . teri the hooker pull she earphone out . pretty , late 20 . few tat peek out from she dress . mccall just hook it . teri about time . mccall it 's a big fish . do not know if he can hang on to it though . teri ( playful ) oh no . mccall tooth and nail right now . teri maybe he 's too old . mccall nod . they be quiet for a while . teri take a bite of she Apple pie . mccall think you be go to stop eat all that refine sugar . teri ( with a mouthful ) I be . mccall when. teri any day now . mccall bad for the vocal cord . teri look away sheepishly . mccall ( cont 'd ) how 's the sing ? she shrug . teri get myself a little machine to make demo . we will see . mccall Bet you be good . teri what make you think that ? mccall intuition . teri smile she first real smile . after a beat they descend back into silence . teri finish she pie . shoulder she tote and start for the door . teri lemme know what happen next . int . home depot , electrical aisle - day mccall roll another dolly past the Young dude slack off . int . home depot —- hardware aisle —- morning ralphie stock package of extension cord . look around to make sure no one be look ... pushes aside some box and reach he arm to the back of the shelf . pull out ... a bag of sunflower seed ? mccall ( os ) crunchy . just how you like ‘em . ralphie look up to see mccall walk off hold the snicker bar he be look for . int . home depot - loading dock mccall on he break . pop sunflower seed and watch the truck be load . look up to see the two Young dude stand over he . young dude 1 we be bettin’ on what you do ' fore you get here ? young dude 2 for a live . young dude 2 ( cont ’d ) I bet insurance . claim and shit . young dude 1 Wall Street . stock dude . mccall pocket he seed . mccall I be a pip . young dude 1 pip ? the fuck be a pip ? mccall you know . gladys knight and the pip ? mccall get up . do a little pip move . pull the whistle on the Midnight train to Georgia . Young dude eye widen as they slowly get it . young dude 2 no shit ! mccall one on the right . int . home depot - dusk mccall collect he paycheck from the supervisor . ext . check cashing place - dusk mccall stand in line with other worker . face in line not much different from he . Men not where they expect to be at this stage in life . int . mccall 's apartment dinner dish already clean and put away . mccall 's at he book case in the back hallway . water the few small plant that live on top of it . shelves line with book title that seem eclectic ... mccall bedroom - later work clothes laid out . bed empty . clock read 2:18 am int . diner - same time mccall at he table read a new book . tea bag float in he cup . doorman at the counter with the Post as teri glide in and plop down in she usual spot . 10 . counterman already over with she coffee and donut . teri take a quick bite and a sip . turn to mccall . teri he catch the fish ? mccall he do . teri happy end . yay . mccall not exactly . mccall close he book . mccall ( cont 'd ) Old man tie the dead fish to the boat and have to row back ... teri 's elbow on the table now . mccall ( cont 'd ) on the way in the fish ble out into the water . blood draw shark . the old man try to fight they off ... ( beat ) ate the fish before he could get it home . teri so the whole thing be a waste . mccall depend on how you look at it . ( beat ) Old man spend he life fight fish . then , when he figure that part of he life be over , he meet he great adversary . ( beat ) it be as if both of they have be wait for this moment . ( beat ) during the struggle the Old man sort of form a bond - a respect - for the fish . a kind of love . 11 . teri why do not he let it go then ? mccall the Old man have to be the old man and the Fish have to be the fish . that 's life . you gotta be who you be . a long pause . two people who understand loss . teri well . he lose . mccall Old man go out too far . farther than he should have . a long silence . teri breathes into she cup so the soft steam touch she face . counterman rhythmically wipe the counter . mccall pick up he new book . outside , it begin to rain . int . break room - day mccall sit with ralphie go over he food plan when several employees sing '' happy birthday '' enter the room . supervisor georgie hold a donut sport a light candle . mccall react with confusion as georgie put the donut in front of he . georgie laugh at mccall 's blank look . georgie you forget ? mccall realize it 's for he birthday . shake he head ... mccall talk about a senior moment . int . a diner - night teri at she table . ear phone in . lose in some song when a donut be place in front of she . look up to see mccall . 12 . mccall load with poison ... just the way you like it . a beat , she look up at he . Ugly bruise on she face . mccall pretend not to notice . mccall ( cont 'd ) someone 's birthday at work . do not want to waste it . go to he table and sit . counterman bring the pot and cup . mccall take out he tea bag . teri walk over with the donut and sit . slide a burn CD over to he . teri let I know if I be any good . catch mccall sneaking a look at she bruise . teri ( cont 'd ) you should see the other guy . it 's okay ... come with the job . pick up the donut . teri ( cont 'd ) whose birthday ? mccall some guy . teri happy birthday , some guy . ( a beat ) I be break protocol . should I go back to my table ? mccall no . it 's fine . teri I just need company tonight . ( beat ) teri . mccall bob. 13 . teri study mccall . teri you do not look like a bob. more like a Robert . Robert read book . Bob watch tv . mccall smile . pick up the CD . mccall teri the singer . teri you and I both know what I really be . take a bite of the donut . teri ( cont 'd ) I mean I want to be a singer . I think I can be a singer . do not make I one . mccall I believe anybody can be who they want to be . teri laugh . teri maybe where you come from . not in my world . mccall then change you world . teri not that easy . comfortable silence . teri ( cont 'd ) no ring . ( off mccall 's look ) on you finger . no Mrs. Robert at home ? mccall no. 14 . teri ever ? mccall once . a way back . teri break she heart ? mccall she break mine . ( beat ) she die . teri look at mccall with a mixture of sadness and curiosity . teri think that might be it . I seea lot of widow guy . it 's the eye . mccall the eye . teri yeah . not sad . just ... lose . it 's sweet . mccall do not blink . smart girl . teri ( cont 'd ) you always read ? mccall no . my wife do . I be away a lot . for work . so she read . be make she way through the 100 book everyone should read . get to 97 . ( beat ) figure it would give we something to talk about someday . something we could share . teri a hundred book ... Holy moly . how many have you read ? mccall 91 . 15 . teri no shit . 91 . almost do . mccall almost . beat . teri then what ? mccall I do not know . ext . diner - night mccall and teri walk out together . teri I be gonna grab a cab . both head for the corner ... teri ( cont 'd ) what 's 92 about ? mccall hold up don quixote . mccall guy who think he 's a knight . only he life in a world where knight do not exist any more . teri sound like my world . teri step to the curb to hail a cab . a few fly by . then a white van roll up . tall man with long hair get out of the passenger side . bone - color leather jacket , tanning - bed complexion . mccall watch teri stiffen . the two argue in Russian . finally teri look back at he . teri ( cont 'd ) I have to go with they . it 's okay . see you ... when I see you . 16 . force a smile and get in the van . tall guy walk over to mccall . hand he a card . slavi ( Russian accent ) you call number ... they send you another one . just as good . tell they slavi say . get back in the Van and drive off . mccall turn the card over in he hand . a escort service . int . mccall apartment - night bath in shadow . everything still . just the SOUND of teri 's CD wafting through the room . mccall at the kitchen table with a glass of grapefruit juice . listen . Rough , edgy , passionate , unpolish . a diamond in the rough . mccall 's eye twinkle just a tad . not bad ... int . home depot - day pearl , 300 pound of attitude , walk towards the back office . the two Young dude sidle up on either side of she . young dude 2 pearly . which one of we you gonna ask out . young dude 1 see you eyeing we for a week now . but you can only have one of we so ... whose it gonna be ? pearl be eyein 's you two , alright . Young dude primp now . 17 . pearl ( cont 'd ) try to figure out what either one of you lazy mutherfucker do all day and why I should not fire you worthless , bony ass . dude stop , let Pearl continue on . young dude 2 seem more like you type ... dude 1 sees mccall hand a driver a receipt at the loading dock . stepping into he path . young dude 1 yo . you be not no pip , Old man . shove he iphone under he nose . you tube video of gladys knight and the pip . mccall smile . mccall soul train . ' 82 . that 's I . on the end . young dude 2 ai not you . mccall few pound lighter and a lot more hair . but damn . I be good look . mccall perfectly mirror the dance move then walk off leave the Young dude stare at the screen . int . a diner - night mccall at he table . tea pour . don quixote open in front of he . keeps glance at the door . no teri tonight . ext . home depot parking lot - lunch break several lunch truck park out front . Orange vest sprinkle out , eat under tree or on the grass . not mccall or ralphie . 18. they're at the far edge of the lot , mccall put ralphie through a exercise routine . urging he to do one more pull up , one more push up . mccall who 's gonna be the best Security Guard ? ralphie I be , sir ! int . a diner - night mccall walk in . again , no teri . the counterman bring over he cup and pot of hot water . notice mccall eyeing the door . counterman she 's up at king County . Heard someone beat she up pretty bad . int . king county hospital , ic ward - night mccall be stand on one side of a chicken wire and glass window stare into the intensive Care room . int . icu eight bed . all fill . teri 's in the far corner . attach to wire and iv 's . face bandage , neck in a brace . almost unrecognizable . a young woman doze in a chair next to the bed . int . hospital cafeteria - night the same Young woman pay for a cup of coffee . take it to a condiment station and load it with a ungodly amount of sugar . mccall ( os ) how 's she do ? her head snap . find mccall sit at a far table . mccall ( cont 'd ) teri . how 's she do ? 19 . the Young woman eye mccall , hard as rock . just another John ... young woman well she 's not good . the Young woman reach for she coffee and try to bring the cup to she lip . hand begin shaking and the coffee spill . mccall step over and take the cup from she hand . set it down then get some napkin and sop up the spillage . the cafeteria - later under the green glow of fluorescent , mccall sit at the Young woman 's table listen . young woman «+. guy hit she . some johns think they can do that . ( beat ) she hit he back and the guy call slavi ... wham ! teri 's face ( flashback ) hit with a massive fist . cheek bone shatter . young woman ( os ) he set she straight ... upstair office - wider teri face up on the carpet . a ring of men stand over she . on the couch three other escort ( include the Young woman ) sit silently in horror . young woman ( os ) they like make example of trouble maker . slavi rub he fist . offer teri he hand and gently help she up . teri try to speak but slavi flick open a knife and press it to she throat . 20 . slavi no talk . talk be not problem . listen be problem . press harder . open a small cut in she throat . teri groans . use the knife to push teri to she knee in . other hand unzip he pants and force himself into she mouth . slavi use the knife to control teri 's head . boris move behind teri . rip she pants open and violently enter she from behind . the rest stare glassy - eye as slavi and boris rape teri . hospital cafeteria the Young woman stare out into the empty room . numb to the brutality . young woman Said they have cut she throat next time . ( beat ) Said a whore who fuck and can not talk be worth twice as much ... int . subway - night mccall ride home on a almost empty car . rock with the rhythm of the train . ext . brighton beach club - night that White van pull up to the valet outside a after hour club . the Driver , boris , step out and enter a street level door ... MAIN dine room - after hour club boris move through the pack dine room to a ... back stairwell where he jog up to a second floor door . 21 . int . upstair office three prison - hard thug sprawle on the couch watch the tv . boris waddle in and plop down in front of slavi who sit behind a large desk . toss a envelope onto the desk . slavi drop the envelope on a antique scale - see it 's correct - and slide it into the top drawer . pour a shot for boris ... when the door open and Robert mccall step inside ... office - wider head turn . Russians eyeball up mccall like lion do antelope . slavi you lose , dedushka ? mccall hesitates . make he way to the desk . place the card slavi give he in front of he . mccall you give I this the other night . slavi I give out lot of card . you want pussy , dedushka ? you still get it up ? chuckle from everybody . mccall wait for it to stop . mccall I be here about a certain girl . slavi wait . mccall ( cont 'd ) name 's teri . she be beat up pretty bad . the room get quiet . slavi I think you have the wrong address , dedushka . 22 . mccall I be not a cop or anything . I just want to help she . slavi study the man in front of he . mccall ( cont 'd ) this girl . they represent a investment to you . I understand that . mccall glance around at the other guy . mccall ( cont 'd ) I can give you four thousand eight hundred dollar . it 's all I have . slavi you want to give I four thousand dollar . for what ? mccall her freedom . slavi look at mccall . another heartsick John ... slavi this whore . what 's she name again ? mccall teri. slavi ( pretend to think ) do not ring a bell . whoever she be she must really know how to suck cock . the muscle laugh . slavi ( cont 'd ) believe this guy ? gonna give I four thousand for one pussy . must be Ferrari pussy ... ( to mccall ) how many fuck you get leave , man ? enough you pay four thousand I guess . slavi turn cancer serious . 23. slavi ( cont 'd ) the fuck you think you be ? come in here and offer money for my girl . four thousand . why not forty thousand ? four hundred thousand ? you fuck Americans think you can come into my place of business and buy whatever you want !? you think you set the price ? Fucking beautiful Russian girl ... you fuck insult I . all eye boring in on mccall . a eternity of silence . then slavi burst out laugh . slavi ( cont 'd ) look ... he almost wet he pants ! I be fuck with you , man . you get big ball come here . I like that . okay . be Mr. White knight . the fuck do I care . slavi hold out he hand ... slavi ( cont 'd ) four thousand eight hundred for the pussy .... mccall take it . slavi ( cont 'd ) a month . mccall go to pull away but slavi tighten he grip . slavi ( cont 'd ) you think one- time payment ? for pussy like that ? let go of mccall 's hand . slavi ( cont 'd ) go home and jerk off four thousand eight hundred time . then come back . she be use up then and I sell she to you . mccall realize that 's it . turn towards the door . 24 . slavi nod to one of the muscle who grab a six - inch blade from a table and shove it up he sleeve . move behind mccall as mccall reach for the door knob . only mccall do something unexpected ... he lock it . mccall eye turn . half-lidd . dull . like a alligator . we push into the pupil as it dilate . in it we see ... the room as mccall see it . with the detachment of a predatory animal ... a series of freeze picture flash through mccall 's head - mind calculate and evaluate a thousand detail in a millisecond ... part of the room fade away . the unimportant part to mccall . wall , door , furniture , face ... leave only what 's necessary to he : the glass edge of a shelf . the dragon tattoo cover the carotid on the man' neck , the handle of a knife in the man 's waistband ... the throbbing heartbeat in the center of the second man 's chest ... the shot glass on the edge of a table ... the third man 's eye and the outline of a gun under he coat ... and the fork . weapon and target disconnect from any sense of humanity . the eye measure the distance between the object and the time it will take he to kill everyone in the room . this have all happen ... in the blink of ... mccall 's eye . mouth mumble - almost inaudibly ... 25 . mccall forty -five second ... mccall hand move to he watch ... push a button ... click ... what happens next defies explanation . there be no form or elegance to it . it 's not graceful or flashy . just brutal and beautiful at the same time . mccall snap the glass shelf in two ... the jag edge hiss through the first man 's neck - slay the dragon - a opera of blood enter the air ... mccall already across the room . plant the fork deep into the heart of the second man ... the other halfway to they foot when mccall scoops the gold shot glass from the table , ramming it into the eye socket of the third man , drive it deep enough to enter the man 's brain ... man quivering like a frog in a science experiment ... slavi 's hand come out of the desk drawer with a .45 ... mccall already pull the trigger of the gun inside eye - socket 's pocket ... blow slavi 's hand off at the wrist ... hand and gun twist into the air like a dead bird ... mccall catch the head of the fourth man . use he weight and leverage to snap the neck with a nauseate crunching sound ... mccall step back ... as the men fall around he . heartbeat , the rush of blood , the sigh of breath ... all cease . the room now ungodly quiet . 26 . mccall back to earth as gently as a autumn leaf ... click Hit the button on he watch . 49 second . mccall look disappointed ... slavi gasp for breath . hyperventilate . handless arm aspirate blood into the carpet . good hand fumble with he cell phone ... mccall crouch beside he . take slavi 's cell from he hand . Voice quiet and devoid of smugness . mccall you heart 's beat three time its normal rate , try to keep you blood pressure up . that 's why you be have trouble breathe . but you be lose too much blood . in 30 second you heart will give up and go into cardiac arrest . you body 'il shut down and you 'il slowly suffocate . it 's go to suck to be you . ( beat ) so I need you to concentrate and listen to I ... slavi 's eye find mccall . mccall ( cont 'd ) I want you to think about the girl . the one you beat and rape . I want you to know she life be go to go on while yours be go to end on this filthy carpet with no one give a shit . I also want you to understand that you die over forty - eight hundred dollar . if you have take it everything would have be different . I give you a out but you do not take it . guy like you never do . slavi 's eye register the last word before they go blank . 27 . mccall hand under a run faucet . trickles of blood mixing with the water ... mccall kitchen - later Dark . Silent . mccall at the sink . Cleaning he hand . look up at he reflection in the window . Studies it like it be some other person . alarm clock hitting 5:30 am . bathroom empty . Mirror still steam . kitchen —- morning blender drying in the sink ... int . home depot , break room - day mccall at he table . eat he mixture when ralphie plop down across from he . remove he lunch . include a can of pringles . mccall stare at they . mccall test be tomorrow . you do not want to be eat that salty sh --- ralphie they be for you . ( off mccall 's look ) open it . mccall do . nothing inside except a piece of paper with the number '' 210 '' write on it . mccall look up . ralphie ( cont 'd ) what I weigh this morning . down 9 pound . I make the weight . 28 . mccall grin . ralphie ( cont 'd ) gonna ace that test tomorrow , Mr. mccall . thanks to you . they knock knuckle . ralphie notice the break skin on mccall 's knuckle . ralphie ( cont 'd ) what happen ? mccall I hit it on something stupid . int . subway - night mccall with the other commuter at the end of another long day . int . mccall 's apartment - night mccall eat at the kitchen table . watch the news on he small tv . on screen : a reporter outside the after hour Club , crime scene tape strung across the sidewalk behind she . reporter ... in what Police be call the beginning of a mob war between rival Russian faction . mccall alarmclock read 2:29 am . camera pull back to reveal ... mccall SOUND asleep . int . after hour club , upstair office - same time the scene of mccall 's decimation now empty and dark . body go but wall and floor like a pollack canvass . three shadowy men in suit stand center room . no one say anything for the longest time . can not see they face . 29 . but they movement be that of man of power . not use to not know ... voice 1 no force entry . no defensive wound . not one of they get they piece out . another long silence . a FOURTH man walk in . FOURTH man 's voice Security camera in the restaurant work fine . till 8:02 . then they mysteriously go down for 8 minute . 8:10 they be back on and this guy be dead . all be silent . all eye go to one man in particular . voice 1 what do you want to do ? home depot - mccall Rolling a dolly of fixture out to a contractor 's truck . just another orange vest ... break room mccall sit at he table . meal finish . no ralphie . look up at the clock as one of the fork lift Driver 's walk past ... mccall gordy . you see ralphie ? he 's take that Security Guard test after work . gordy supervisor say he call in and quit . mccall quit ? gordy quit . no notice . ( start off ) ( more ) 30 . gordy ( cont 'd ) kid do not know shit about responsibility . ext . flatbush avenue - dusk a block of small family - own place . bodegas and restaurant manned by people who come here to get they piece of the dream . mccall come down the block check address . stop across from ... ext . EL tapito mexican restaurant - dusk small place ram mid-block . door 's open , but the sign light be off . int . EL tapito restaurant a few mismatch table and a take - out counter . a wall in the dining area be blacken and char from fire . a couple booth ruin by water damage . two young men and a older woman be work to clean up the mess . ralphie walk out of the back room and see mccall stand in the doorway . face lighting up . ralphie Mr. mccall ! mccall ralphie . Heard you quit . I be worried . ralphie my mom have a little accident here . gonna have to help around here now . turn to the older woman and tenderly motion she over . ralphie ( cont 'd ) mama ... esto es mis amigo , del trabajo , el sr. mccall . El que I ha estado ayudando . ( beat ) this be my mother marta . that be my brother Rico and manny . 31 . mccall look around . sees the love and hard work put into the place . notice hole punch in the ceiling . mccall no one be hurt I hope . ralphie no. happen after hour . ext . back alley mccall walk with ralphie to the dumpster where he toss some ruin floorboard . ralphie probably a faulty wire or something . mccall be not any wire . ralphie turn . mccall ( cont 'd ) Point of origin be middle of the room . be not any outlet there . vent hole be punch in the ceiling . ( beat ) what happen , ralphie ? ralphie give mccall a look that could break you heart . empty the can then turn to mccall . ralphie lot of the people in this neighborhood be new to this country . they do not have much except they business . we be easy target . so man come in and say , for so much money every month , they 's 11l look out for we . make sure nothing happen . so you pay . when business get better , it go up . when business be slow you still pay . you do not ... ralphie be quiet a moment , the vestige of defeat , loss and resignation pass over this gentle man 's face . 32 . ralphie ( cont 'd ) they give my mama a week to make it up . we be gonna open for breakfast . see if we can make enough extra . I and my brother be gonna do the morning shift so my mother can rest . a odd mixture of compassion and steeliness on mccall 's face . nod he understanding that life sometimes suck . ralphie start back inside . mccall why do not you call the police ? ralphie turn back . look at mccall with confusion . ralphie they be the police . ext . mccall apartment build - afternoon a bright and peaceful Sunday . mccall approach he Building with grocery bag in both hand . put they down to get he key out ... voice ( 0s ) hey ! mccall turn to see ... teri Fresh -face , no make -up . walk up heal and hopeful despite the faint bruise and bandage that circle she neck . mccall look at she with surprise . teri break into a smile brighter than the sun . teri remember you live on this block . be swinging by the last few day hope to catch you . mccall drink in the change . teri ( cont 'd ) pretty different , huh . 33 . mccall night and day . teri Mandy tell I you come to the hospital . that be nice . not many people care . mccall simply nod . mccall well you look great . teri I be pretty much all better . last stitches come out next week . other than that ... teri remember something . reaches in she purse and pull out a batter copy of '' the razor 's Edge . '' pause . teri ( cont 'd ) ever read it ? mccall no. teri get it at a use book store . guy there recommend it . I be read now . you believe that ? ( beat ) get a real job with real people hour . go to open mic Night at a few club . so I will not be come back to the diner . ( beat ) a new start I guess . mccall it suit you . teri someone once tell I you can be whoever you want to be . mccall life will surprise you sometimes . 34 . teri smile . hold out she hand . teri I will miss the storey . mccall you have you own now . mccall reach out and the two shake . only teri do not let go . childlike eye water a bit . teri thank you . mccall for ? and there 's a moment where we understand - she know . not because of any proof or certainty . she just know ... raise onto she toe , give mccall a peck on the cheek . teri for everything . then she 's off . mccall motionless . watch she cross the street bright as a comet . Whole life ahead of she . when she disappear only then do mccall move . face reflect a strange sense of peace . eye understanding one less person in the world be hurt . that he did that . pick up he bag and head into he building . finally get it . finally understanding who he be ... int . EL tapito mexican restaurant - night plastic bag cover the hole in the ceiling . a thin coat of paint barely mask the burnt wall . several family dining . but the room be subdued . 35 . then we see why : nypd detective , harris and gilly occupy the only booth . large , red-face man with predatory intent . meal finish they slide out of the booth and stroll to the register where ralphie 's mother wait . gilly take a tooth pick . ralphie 's dispirite mother remove a envelope from she apron and slide it across he counter . Harris take it . harris bean be a little watery . ext . EL tapito mexican restaurant - night the street be empty , traffic light this time of night . Harris and gilly walk to they car . about to get in when ... voice ( os ) officer ... both man look up . mccall stand against a iron gated storefront . mccall I would like to report a crime . the cop in no mood ... gilly call 9 - 1 - 1 pal . int . impala Harris behind the wheel . flip the visor up and crank the engine . gilly 's cell phone ring . flip it open . mccall ( os ) why call 911 and unduly tax city service when I have two corrupt cop right in front of I ? Harris look out the window . sees mccall talk to he from he cell . ext . STREET cop exit the vehicle and approach mccall . 36 . gilly where have you get that number . mccall be not hard . ( beat ) neither be get this . hold up the cell phone so they can see the screen . a video plays . from a hide angle . gilly and Harris in some bodega ... harris ( os ) ( on screen ) do not fuck with we . ask the lady down the street . one that have the fire last week . could happen to you . with you whole fuck family in it . you pay like everybody else . the last image be Harris take cash from the proprietor . mccall close the phone . mccall when a person obtain money , property or service from a person , entity , or institution through coercion it become a criminal off - Harris 's nickle -plate .38 be against mccall 's temple before mccall can finish . gilly grab the phone from mccall . pat he down . gilly shove mccall against the gate . gilly copy ? mccall that 's the only one . Harris and gilly exchange look . what kind of a fuck psycho be this ? harris you must have a death wish then . gilly spin mccall around , press he face against the wall . 37 . harris ( cont 'd ) what the fuck you want ? other than to be a corpse . mccall I would like you to return the money you take from that people . all of it . to everyone . harris why would we do that ? mccall look tired . the weariness of see too much of this shit . mccall two reason . because I be ask nicely . and it would be in the best interest of everyone involved . harris maybe we best interest be to tie a cinder block around you waist and throw you into the east River . gilly take out he handcuffs . get one around mccall 's wrist ... and suddenly ... he 's not there . somehow now behind gilly . ramming he face into the brick wall . nose hit first . SOUND of shatter cartilage nauseate . Harris spin and pull the trigger . only to realize mccall 's thumb be already between the hammer and chamber . mccall slamm Harris hard enough with he own .38 that knock he to he knee . deliver several compact blow to Harris and rip the gun out of Harris 's hand . use it to whack gilly across the head . gilly tumble like a sack of cement . both cop down in heaps . bleed and daze . mccall crouch down on they level . add gilly 's revolver to he collection . the next word come from deep inside mccall . mccall you be suppose to stand for something . uphold the law . serve and protect . justice for all . somewhere that word lose meaning and you become everything , you use to detest . 38 . mccall rise . like a machine eject the clip from both gun . empty the chamber , pocket the clip and toss the gun into the cop 's lap . batter face look up at he . harris who the fuck be you ? mccall the guy you do not count on . int . taxi - moving mccall stare out the window as the street and the life in they whiz by ... mccall ( os ) by noon tomorrow you will have return the money you have take . you will tell that people it will never happen again . do that and this video will never be see . int . mccall 's bathroom mccall , ghost - like through the steam in the shower . sort of feeling pulsate through he ... mccall ( os ) do not and a hour later you 'il watch the uncut version of yourselves on every news outlet in the tri-state area . all 39 . ext . STREET - harris and gilly pull they bruise body out of they impala . walk towards EL tapito ... mccall ( 0s ) there 's nothing you can do to prevent any of this . so do not waste you time ... ( beat ) I be not like anyone you have deal with . int . EL tapito ralphie 's mother take the brown paper bag and look into it . mccall ( os ) I be offer you a second chance . you should take it . shock , disbelief and joy roll across she face as she see the money and listen as gilly explain they change of heart . int . home depot - day mccall stock a pallet of Garden hose . look up as ralphie walk by , Orange vest and work glove on , huge smile on he face ... ext . softball field - sunday afternoon dirt diamond at one end of a large park . softball game between Home Depot and ikea . out-of - shape clerk sport two -tone t-shirt . mccall out in leave field . whack ! the ball be smoke to leave . sail over mccall 's head who turn and take off after it ... Three step in he pull up , grab he hamstring . watch the ball fall ... into the glove of Young dude 1 who come out of nowhere like a blur . 40 . young dude 1 hope you be eligible for medicaid , Mr. pip . mccall smile . start in ... then stop . ralphie stand near the Home Depot bench . resplendent in he blue security guard uniform ... int . mccall apartment - night mccall exit the bedroom . stop at the bookcase and slide book number 93 off the shelf . " a Bend in the River " by V. S. naipaul . grab he key from the foyer table and open the front door ... the large man fill the door frame grey suit , shirt and tie . frozen in mid-knock . teddy Mr. mccall . Voice soft and face with a charming , almost ever - constant smile . this be teddy coleman . Forties , with ceramic black eye . body language like a walk credential . his whole be vibrate ... wrong . teddy ( cont 'd ) sorry to bother you . I be investigate a homicide that occur in Brighton Beach ' bout 10 day ago . mccall 's face give nothing away . teddy ( cont 'd ) five guy dead . Russian joint . mccall saw it on the news . I be there that night . 41 . teddy you be ? mccall smile . mccall you would not be here if I be not . teddy laugh . teddy get I there . ( beat ) just check to see if any of the patron remember anything suspicious . mccall actually I do . teddy you do ? mccall my waiter . teddy you waiter ? mccall would disappear for long stretch at a time . teddy laugh . teddy that account for the poor Zagat rating . ( beat ) so nothing unusual . mccall none that I recall . teddy okay then . about to go . stop ... teddy ( cont 'd ) can I ask why you dine at that particular restaurant ? mccall felt like some pirozhki . teddy pirozhki . that 's the little pie with the onion , meat stuff inside . sound good right about now . have not have dinner yet . ( good nature smile . then ... ) I ask because there 's 7 authentic Russian restaurant within walk distance of you apartment . I assume they all serve pirozhkis ? 42 . a jolt of electricity hit the air . you could not tell it by mccall 's face . remains neutral . mccall I be meeting a friend . she pick it . teddy guess I should talk to ... mccall shelly . but she will not be any help . she never make it . her daughter have a fever . teddy study the average look mccall . piece sense . teddy well . thank you for you time then . mccall do not you want to give I you card ? in case I remember anything later ? teddy pat he pocket . teddy must have give they all out . not make 43. teddy start for the stair ... mccall how do you find I ? teddy stop . teddy Excuse I ? mccall paid cash for my meal . do not have a reservation . wonder how you find I . teddy 's eye suddenly laser sharp . teddy that 's what we do , Mr. mccall . find people we need to find . mccall smile . mccall hope you get who you be look for . teddy disappear down the stair ... teddy I always do . int . suburban idling curb side . exhaust swirl into the air obliterate outside commotion . teddy slide into the back seat . master turn . teddy Jr. with match haircut and moral but none of teddy 's street smart . master anything ? wait as teddy replay the strange conversation in he head . realize he 's not go to answer . throw the vehicle into drive . 44 , mccall —- from he window watch the suburban slip into traffic ... ext . home depot - morning day laborer mill by the entrance to the parking lot . Young dude wheeling out lawn furniture and gas grill as the store open its door ... int . home depot - hr office - day linda paliski , the pleasant and mildly plump human resource girl at she desk . look up to see mccall in she doorway eat a bagel . mccall you get a bagel ? linda bagel ? mccall hit the lotto last night . 36 dollar . could not retire on that so figure I would treat everyone to Montague Street bagel . linda blueberry ? mccall better hurry . mccall watch she go . slip inside . drop behind she desk computer ... another computer - someplace else ROBERT mccall be type into the search box ... teddy wait a second for the result . the large room he 's in suggest high tech equipment of a enormous capacity ... 45 . mccall small room and tiny computer . employee file on screen . highlight he social and change it . move to he birth date ... teddy download mccall 's home depot file and hit print . Paper spitting into the tray ... ext . home depot - dusk employees leave for the night . mccall one of they . bump knuckle with ralphie in he powder blue uniform ... we be watching this from ... inside a suburban Masters , teddy 's main guy watch mccall disappear down into the Subway . engine run , bluetooth connect ... master he 's what the file say . Home Depot employee . keeps to himself , no connection to anything we be look for . frustrate silence . teddy ( os ) bring it in . int . duane reed - night mccall load he basket with TRAVEL size mouthwash , toothpaste , shampoo , etc . int . kinko be - night mccall in the PC section . cut , pasting then type something on the Computer screen . 46 . ext . JFK INTERNATIONAL airport - day a private 747 sit wheel down and motionless at the end of runway 13l . Far from the terminal building . tsa vehicle crossing the tarmac and pull up next to the jumbo jet . teddy coleman be let out . climb the step to the plane . int . 747 - day stripped of everything . all overhead bin and seat have be remove . just a paint , thickly carpete cavernous shell contain nothing but four zero gravity chair where business class would be , a aft sleeping suite and two couch on either side of a conference table . just outside the cockpit a handsome teak dining table . at which sit ... vladimir pushkin small elegant man of 33 . quietly eat dinner . teddy get halfway to he when a large security type step in he way . direct he to the conference table . ivann gulyayeva motion teddy to sit opposite he . pushkin 's '' advisor '' clear the paper work in front of he . look at teddy for several second . for the first time teddy appear unnerve . ivann slavi sokolov be a very valuable part of we east coast , USA enterprise . Mr. pushkin be extremely upset at he demise . teddy 's eye move over ivann 's shoulder onto pushkin . the man eat . never look up . ivann ( cont 'd ) eleven month ago you convinced Mr. pushkin you and you team could offer unparalleled security and um ... ( more ) 47 . ivann ( cont 'd ) problem solving for we operation here . ( beat ) we have pay you a lot of money to shield we interest . ( beat ) but this happen . and now Mr. pushkin do not know what to think . teddy look back to ivann . ivann let the word hang there . if wait be a martial art this guy would be a grand master . finally ... ivann ( cont 'd ) a man of you stature and mean have neither identify or apprehend the people responsible . it set a bad precedent . pushkin still have not look up from he meal . as if teddy be not there . ivann ( cont 'd ) Mr. pushkin want the perpetrator punish . with extreme prejudice . a clear message send . ( beat ) otherwise ... teddy feel a chill run down he spine . look over and sees pushkin stare at he . eye milky white and dead . pushkin may be blind but he eye speak with impossible clarity ... fix this or I be look at a dead man ... int . tactical room - later teddy and he three guy sit in the glow of a dozen plasma screen . frustrate look all around . teddy Three , four guy walk into a room , I do not care you know ‘em or not , you prepare . this be hard core killer . ( more ) 48 . teddy ( cont 'd ) not one of they get they piece out . no defensive wound either . teddy read over the Police report for the umpteenth time . master go back . what 's the motive here . pederson payback for the vlastok hit ... teddy do not look up . teddy bunch of clown . company Intel have that group back in Moscow before she body hit the incinerator . guy with the buddy Holly glass swivel he chair around . buddy slavi handle pushkin 's east coast trade . master except no one would so much as sneeze in slavi 's direction because of we ... involvement . teddy drop the report . teddy we be look at this wrong . we keep figure a group . look at the patron downstairs as some sort of look - out for the kill team . ( beat ) what if one of they be the killer . all eye move to teddy . teddy ( cont 'd ) what if it be one guy . mccall in he kitchen pasting the newly print prescription label on the duane reed bottle ... 49 . mccall laptop open on a TRAVEL site . mccall punch in he pre-paid Visa card number and hit purchase . confirmation for he business - class plane ticket to cartagena , Columbia appear ... int . home depot - day mccall in the hardware aisle with a frustrated homeowner . guy have a Home Depot bag open and be hold a kwikset door knob and dead bolt package . homeowner +. I mean , what do it say right there ? mccall universal . homeowner meaning it will fit any exist door ... mccall in the Universe . homeowner only it do not fit in my door . mccall you sure you door be from this galaxy ? the guy look at mccall . mccall smile . both laugh . mccall ( cont 'd ) let get you you money back . home depot , front of store - day mccall walk up front to the register area . see the line be not move . mccall c’mon . I x11 get you out of here . mccall walk he over to jenny . older and heavy set , check out a customer on aisle 1 . 50 . mccall ( cont 'd ) Jenny ? can you do a quick card refund for this gentleman ? he 's in a hurry . Jenny do not move . head and eye down ... mccall look to the customer and sees he 's wearing a translucent plastic mask give he face doll - like feature . Hand in the pocket of he hoodie gripe the butt of a raven 25 masked thief tell the bitch to move it , old man . mccall lower he eye and speak quietly . mccall she 's scared . I x11 get it . ( beat ) Excuse I , Jenny . gently step in front of she . open the cash register , hand the cash to masked thief . thief about to leave when he eye the ring on Jenny 's hand . masked thief the ring . Jenny put she hand over the SMALL diamond ring on she right ring finger . jenny no. please . it be my mother 's ... masked thief pull he weapon and cock the hammer . Jenny burst into quiet tear . frantically tug at the ring . it 's on too tight . mccall calmly take she hand . hold it to she cheek . tear pool around the ring and with one twist mccall slip it off she hand . hand it to masked thief . 51 . mccall looking at he like he do the Russians : the series of snapshot flash through in head : gun - make and model . mask - price sticker with store name . tat - peek out of the kid 's sleeve . car Key - hang from he belt . back to real time mccall have not move . Stark still as the thief back out of the store . mccall 's eye say what he mouth do not ... should not have do that ... int . home depot - cafeteria - later police finish up . mccall sign he statement . give Jenny a pat and walk over to a despondent ralphie . mccall hey . nothing you could do . Police just say the guy 's do four like this . shot a Security Guard over in bensonhurst a month ago . it 's just money ... hardware aisle mccall pass the tool section and a rack of sledgehammer . int . home depot - loading dock - next morning Jenny punch in . Hand shaking . bandage on she face . mccall punch in behind she . mccall feeling okay ? jenny still a little freak out . mccall need anything , I get you back . mccall walk off and we stay with Jenny . 52 . through the store with she cash drawer . to she register . key it open . about to slip she drawer in when she look down in astonishment . her mother 's diamond ring lay in the tray . in another aisle mccall walk through the tool section . past the sledgehammer . one miss ... a grainy picture of mccall from the security camera in the Russian Restaurant . hardly damn until we pull back and see ... mandy - inside her one bedroom apartment teri 's friend from the hospital , hold the photograph . surrounded by teddy and he man ... mandy that 's he . he come to the hospital to see teri . the Men exchange look . teddy take the photo from Mandy . pat she shoulder as Masters drop the clear plastic bag over she head . Mandy kick out wildly as the large man hold the bag tight . the girl not go quietly . so teddy jam he knife into she carotid . bag splattering with blood ... ext . diner - night the wall of window that front the diner cast a dull orange glow on rain slicked street . Inside mccall 's at he table . doorman at the counter read he newspaper . counterman be behind the counter , change out coffee filter . still life by Edward Hopper . 53 . the rain have the street outside quiet . a con ed worker , exhaust from he shift walk up to the diner , hard hat , lunch bucket . int . diner - night the con Ed guy grab the table near the window . con ed guy coffee . counterman pour a cup and carry it out to the guy . con ed guy ( cont 'd ) Egg sandwich , on a roll . with cheese . counterman back into the kitchen . mccall read . doorman check the score . quiet . con Ed guy stir cream into he cup . the only SOUND be the clinking of the spoon . the crinkle of paper . doorman fold he Daily News and leave . quiet . con Ed guy sip he coffee . yawn . Long day . mccall pour more hot water over he tea bag . look around for something . then across the room to con Ed guy 's table and find it . bowl of sugar packet . walk over . mccall can I grab a sugar ? con Ed guy slide the bowl towards mccall . about to go back to he coffee when he eye catch sight of mccall 's table . on it a bowl full of sugar packet . look up just as mccall throws the steaming cup of coffee in he face .. 54 . con Ed guy 's scream be cut off as mccall 's hand crack the man 's windpipe . con Ed guy drop off he chair - mac-10 Machine pistol under he coat clatter to the floor . mccall look towards the street ... just as the window explode in a shower of glass as automatic weapon fire strafing the interior . mccall belly to the floor . arm pull down table as shield ... grabbing a table knife and jamming it into a wall outlet ... a flash and the electricity short out . everything plunge into darkness . except for the laser tracers that dot the room follow by bullet that destroy everything ... -30 caliber shell shredd wall , furniture , glassware ... every possible square inch of space . rear of the diner counterman stumble from the back confuse ... bullet dance across the counter rip up the Formica ... about to cut counterman to shred when ... mccall tackle counterman to the floor just as ... the deadly fusillade of metal sprays over they . mccall lay he body over counterman until ... the shoot stop ... silence . Far off a car alarm blare . somewhere a baby cry ... the last piece of glass drop with a gentle ping . 55 . ext . diner - night five large men dressed in black . suppress hk 416 's with holographic scope and thermal -mount screen ... laser sight dance across every surface . team leader look to 3 , 4 and 5 and gesture they to the back alley ... team leader and he cohort step into the diner like shadow ... ext . STREET black van idling a half a block down from the diner ... inside the van two armed killer sit in the front seat listen in on the radio communication . in the back gps satellite feed , monitor with video image of the diner and the surround street ... teddy and he Three Men watch intently . teddy lean into the radio mike ... teddy I be wait for the fuck confirmation ! front of diner leader and cohort sweep the room . nothing but the barely breathe con Ed guy . move around the counter towards the back ... int . diner , back room - night mccall drag counterman and shove he under a counter . back alley 3 , 4 and 5 converge on the diner 's FIRE exit door . 56 . int . storage room mccall step around box of canned good and reach for Fire door exit ... back alley 3 , 4 and 5 on either side of the door . gun raise ... eye rivete to the handle ... SOUND of metal on brick ... 5 look up ... AIR conditioning unit fall out of the wall and crush he skull ... 3 and 4 distract just enough for ... the back door to explode OPEN - mccall like the blade of a scythe . grab 3 before he can raise he weapon . use he body as a shield as 4 fire ... bullet hit 3 center mass . 3 's gun go off and blow hole across 4 's chest . the back alley team leader and cohort step out to find the body and no mccall . stare down the inky blackness of the alley ... leader flick the switch on he weapon - mount screen . on the screen thermal image sweeping across the darkness ... Electrical box on the side of building , power line above glow red and orange ... anything radiating heat above 72 degree appear . further down the alley ... heat run along the brick and cement wall dance across the screen like spider vein . 57 . cohorta Pov Green tinged night vision . trash and rat ... the alley narrowing . no place to hide ... team leader movement precise and efficient . screen show a blip . then ... heat image of a warm body on the other side of a dumpster . alley leader position for a clear shot . hear the hissing the second he pull the trigger ... hollow point blow through the metal dumpster . hitting stone wall . spark and ... igniting the broken gas line ... whoosh ! knife-like wall of flame pierce the dark alley ... through night vision goggle fireball blind they ... team leader and cohort ripping off goggle ... mccall coming from behind the FIRE ... wham ! throats , arm , tendon snap . body collapse mccall not have break stride as they fall ... keeps move as ... STREET van door slide OPEN last two assassins jump out ... 58 . van assassins hitting the alley on a dead run . see mccall disappear around the final corner ... get to the ... end of the alley open grating lead under the street open and still rattling ... assassins clear the open and quickly lower themselves through the open . dropping into complete darkness below . too inky to see anything except the glow of they laser sight ... they stop and listen for mccall . tasting blood ... they hear the rumble a split second before ... the bright light hit they wham ! subway car killing they instantly as it roar by ... hold a beat after it 's go ... mccall step out from a recess doorway in the subway tunnel . turn and head down the tunnel like a ghost ... int . diner - same time teddy and he Men in the middle of what 's leave of the place . the SOUND of shoe on glass as they walk ... master who the fuck be this guy ? teddy carefully survey the carnage . 59 . teddy when I be at coronado there be storey about a disavow team operate out of bahrain . reeked havoc on network and cell in the area . six guy with skill so off the chart it seem like a joke . until I meet they . then I get it . this be guy with particular expertise . ( beat ) they mention there use to be a seventh . I think we just meet he . the gravity sink in as police siren grow louder and come from all direction ... master how do you want to play this ? teddy step over to con Ed guy . pick up the mac-10 . teddy bunch of Russians shoot each other over weapon , drug ... classify investigation , need to know , blah , blah ... 1I x11 handle it . fire four shot into con Ed guy. teddy ( cont 'd ) make sure they be all like he . mccall apartment - night teddy and he guy be spread out in different room . surgically go through he place . teddy stand in the live room study the place like it be a puzzle . Masters come from the bathroom with empty prescription vial . master coumadin and precose . pederson appear from the kitchen with receipt from trash . 60 . pederson bunch a travel item purchase three day ago . buddy peer over mccall 's open laptop . buddy get a diabetic heart patient travel internationally . ( point to laptop ) buy a plane ticket to Columbia day before yesterday . teddy guy be prepare for this . he ’1ll have he next 10 move work out . that mean we be nine behind he . ext . mccall 's apartment build teddy and he Men exit the walk - up and slip into they double - park suburban . teddy ( os ) call dhs . fill memin . call mccall a person of interest . detain only status . suburban pull into traffic . watching this from ... mccall Pov on a rooftop across the street . int . mccall 's apartment mccall in the live room . righting a overturn plant . fix the couch cushion . open a window to let some air in . that 's when he feel the warmth trickle down he leg . look at the blood pool around he shoe . only now realize the he 's be shot ... 61 . shower blood mix with the water as it run over the hole just above mccall 's hip . entrance wound in back smallish . exit wound ugly and jag ... kitchen mccall hold a dish towel over the wound as he remove a pot of honey from the stove . on the wound as mccall use a wooden spoon to slather the boil honey over the lesion . cauterize and disinfect they . winding gauze around he abdomen ... ext . boardwalk - night mccall on he bench . take in the clear but chilly night . watch face go by . families , kid , another world . some internal struggle take place . for the first time , uncertainty cloud he think . eye fall on that same shoot booth . same father and son be back . poor guy throw dollar after dollar at the barker and never come close to win that sponge Bob . that 's when mccall decide . it do not have to be this way ... mccall 's apartment hallway mccall remove the plant on top of the bookcase . reaches inside the top shelf and we hear a click ... mccall slide the bookcase to the leave . the entire unit roll away to reveal ... a safe room the keeper of secret . devoid of anything except the bag and box of a life once upon a time that sit untouched on the floor . 62 . a build - in shelving unit contain a few item we recognize : the car key from Home Depot thief . handcuffs from one of ralphie 's corrupt cop . teri 's CD ... and the bloody cell phone he take from slavi . blackberry screen list of phone number scroll by . one particular number occur more often than the other . mccall kitchen mccall dial the number . ring once and we hear ... teddy ( os ) you have reach my cell . leave a message or call my office at 212 - 246-7614 . mccall jot the number down . dial it . after three ring ... secretary ( os ) agent coleman 's office . pause . mccall I be sorry . I be try to reach someone else . can you transfer I back to operator ? two more ring and a female voice ... operator ( os ) Central Intelligence Agency . how may I direct you call ? int . grand central terminal - day classic beaus art decor , the night sky ceiling , the stone and ironwork never look more ominous . crowd of people rush to and from train . mccall one of they . disappear into the tunnel of track 17 ... 63 . ext . shenandoah valley - late afternoon Rolling meadow define by old , split rail fence and farm dating back to the birth of this country . great shadow of cloud blanket the green hillside . a nondescript rental car wind its way across the Valley ... ext . SMALL farmhouse the rental car roll up a two - rut excuse for a driveway in the middle of nowhere head towards a modest , farm house . late 1800s , beautifully maintain . a screen door swing open and jason plummer step onto the porch . early 70 with serious , deep blue eye that have see most of what life can offer . good and bad . wear soft , comfortable clothes and a smile that match . watch as mccall get out . the two stare at each other for a long moment . mccall walk up to the porch stair . no word be speak . but we feel something significant here as they walk inside . int . dine room - dusk mccall , plummer and he wife susan sit at a old plank table . lace table cloth , age flatware and china , garden pick flower . the three eat in comfortable silence . no one feel the need to ruin the meal . int . kitchen mccall wash . plummer drying . Susan bring in the empty serve trays . exchange look with she husband then walk out for the rest . plummer stop count the reason I marry that woman year ago . 64 . int . study well -worn early Native american . pendleton blanket and throw . Fire go . mccall settle into a chair next to it . plummer crack walnut on the couch . Susan come in with a tray of drink . set it down on the slab of redwood that stand in for a coffee table . hand mccall a cup of hot water and the exact tea bag we have see he use at the diner . after a beat of silence plummer stand . plummer well . I x11 leave you two to catch up . Susan wait for the door to close . after a moment ... susan if you have come for my help I can not give you any . I have no influence this day . I fly to DC three day a week . sit in a office reserve for people with secret too scary to let completely out of sight . I think they be afraid I be go to write a book or something . apparently that 's what retire spook do out here . if mccall hear she he do not let on . finally take he eye from the fireplace . look at Susan ... mccall what would the CIA have to do with a bunch of Russian pimp ? Susan process the statement . her answer come quickly . susan nothing . the CIA do not care about pimp . Russian or otherwise . so start with the fact they be not pimp . selling girl be a hobby . Susan wait for mccall to process this . 65 . susan ( cont 'd ) think amazon . Big . all encompass . sell everything . place a order it 's deliver to you doorstep . item be ship to you from various warehouse across the country . ( beat ) amazon employ team to run that hub . ( beat ) the Russians - specifically , vladamir pushkin - be the black market amazon . gasoline , weapon , drug , bond , execution , extortion , secret , you name it they provide it . pushkin consider the US the biggest shopping mall in the world . ( beat ) you take out pushkin 's East Coast team . shut down a hub . you CIA friend be pay to protect that from happen . now they be look for blood . ( beat ) more tea ? ext . farmland - night Rolling hill like wave on a black sea . a long rail fence that disappear into the horizon . mccall and Susan lean against it . silhouett by the cobalt night sky and light by a old coleman lantern . a long moment . susan when they tell I you be dead , I do not believe it . not from something as trivial as a ied . it just be not you , Robert . ( beat ) that you be alive be a relief . but not a surprise . Jason and I talk a great deal about you over the year . if anyone could have figure a way out . ( more ) 66 . susan ( cont 'd ) a way to walk away for good , start fresh ... it would have be you . ( beat ) either way I figure I would never see you again . preferred it that way . I imagine you wander the earth search for some peace , some understanding of yourself . wonder if you have find it in time . lantern flame flicker in mccall 's eye . susan ( cont 'd ) in all my year as a handler there be no one ever like you . you skill be undefinable . a mind that see thing no one else do . in way no one else could . ( beat ) what you do for you country can not be measure . you save life too many to count . yet it do not feel good to you . even though what we do matter , it do not feel right to you . mccall I could not see ... susan the meaning . I know ... flame start to die out . susan ( cont 'd ) the great violin can not hear music . the most beautiful painting can not see the joy they bring . it 's simply the way it be . ( beat ) we can not all be heroes , Robert . someone have to sit on the curb and clap as they go by . a long silence . mccall I do not have to go there . I do not have to kill they . 67 . susan yes you do . mccall look at Susan . susan ( cont 'd ) it be clear . it be just . it matter . a nighthawk swoops across the Valley . gliding low in search of prey ... susan ( cont 'd ) we must be the thing we be . you gift be not right for we gray , murky world . you soul need black and white . a clear reason . ( beat ) you be a instrument of justice , Robert . you can not run from that . flame so low we can only see they eye . susan ( cont 'd ) but you know this before you come here . Susan turn to look at mccall for the first time . susan ( cont 'd ) you do not come here for help . you come here for permission . mccall do not move . know it 's true . susan ( cont 'd ) there be rumor about rogue CIA team for year . basically do contract work for interest abroad . ( beat ) what you be talk about be different . High level field Agents on US soil . a arrangement with a pushkin would make they extremely dangerous . anyone perceive as a threat would be terminate . ( sigh ) be I talk to anyone else my advice would be this : minneapolis be wonderful this time of year . ( more ) 68 . susan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but I be not . I be talk to a force of nature . Susan lift the coleman and turn it off . for a brief moment we be immerse in the absence of the light . when we eye adjust , here , away from city and the thing of man , all seem right . the two stand frame against this wonder . we can not see they anymore . we just hear ... susan ( cont 'd ) all I can say be heaven help they . int . teddy' apartment - night a upscale loft in soho . teddy on a treadmill run hard . have be for some time . massive chest heaving as he push himself to the limit . int . teddy' bathroom - night a large shower already run . teddy 's head under the steaming water . letting the stream run over he face . look down and realize the water be pool at he foot . the drain be plugge . bend down to open it ... when light go out . teddy what the ... teddy slide open the glass door and sees ... mccall sitting on the close toilet . across the room from the shower . a electrical cord pull from a lamp in he hand , end stripped bare . mccall stare at teddy . a dark , hollow stare . plug the cord in . teddy start to step out of the shower when mccall toss the cord out like a fishing cast . 69 . Hit the water at teddy 's foot send a SHOCK through he body . move he back into the shower . mccall pull the cord back . teddy who be you ? mccall stay quiet . teddy try to move again . mccall snap out the cord - shocking he again . teddy jump back . room fill with steam now ... mccall 's image be get faint . ghost-like . begins touch the two end of the cord together . lighting he face through the mist in brief hypnotic flash . teddy stay freeze in the shower . teddy ( cont 'd ) you do not know who you be fuck with . mccall I know exactly . teddy if you do , this would be the last place you would ... mccall throw the cord again . Hit the water ... this time he leave it a bit ... SPARKS flash as teddy tremble . the massive jolt surging through he body . mccall snap the cord back . teddy breathes heavy and brace himself against the wall of the shower . mccall sparking the end of the wire again . steam get thicker . mccall 's image fainter . mccall special agent Theodore coleman . CIA , ncs division . counter Intelligence , 9 year . 41 . ex - navy seal . you liver enzyme be high . History of primary mitral valve prolapse . ( more ) 70 . mccall ( cont 'd ) it rain you walk with a limp because of the mcl injury you suffer in Kuwait never heal properly . I x11 show you the x-ray if you want . teddy you go to kill I , do it . mccall I do not need to kill you like this . I can think of over 20 way to kill you right now ... in this room alone . teddy what do you want , mccall ? mccall stare at teddy through the dense steam ... almost disappear . toss the cord out again and leave it . teddy tremble as the voltage course through he body . eye bulge , hand grip the side of the shower ... when it 's almost too much to bear ... the cord snap back . teddy fall in the shower gasping for breath . room now fill with steam . can not see more than a few inch . out in the steam the cord end spark like a orange beacon . teddy ( cont ’d ) what do you want ? mccall I want we to be clear with one another . teddy see a wooden back brush . grab it and break the brush head off . give he a jag sliver of wood . tries to see mccall through the steam . can not. just he voice ... mccall ( os ) ( cont 'd ) I be go to take you down . piece by piece . and everyone that 's with you . 71 . teddy you think so ... mccall I be already do it . you just have to decide who you be more afraid of ... I or pushkin . mccall SPARKS the end together once more ... mccall ( cont 'd ) either way you be do . teddy slide the glass door open a sliver ... mccall ( cont 'd ) be better all around if you turn yourself into ia . I be offer you a out . I suggest you take it ... otherwise this will not end well for you ... in one swift motion teddy throw the door open and jam the wood sliver into the wall outlet ! power to the house goe out ... teddy grab the glock from under the towel and firing ... porcelain and tile shatter as six round eviscerate the toilet ... teddy move naked through the steam and find mccall go . teddy' bedroom flushed and angry . out into the hall , Glock in he hand , load and ready . slowly ... teddy clear the house . room to room . nothing . get to the foyer and sees he front door wide open ... exercise area teddy grab he cell off of the treadmill and dialing . Masters answer ... 72 . teddy he be here ! master who ? teddy mccall ! master he 's in Mexico City . we just get confirma -- teddy he be in my fucking house ! close on the back of teddy 's phone . a almost invisible clear plastic strip with faint circuitry run through it ... on mccall on he phone . ear piece in listening to ... teddy ( 0s ) get a hold of everybody . I want a meet in 30 . int . radio shack - later mccall be hand a bag of cheap equipment ... legal pad Pen scribbling the name master on it . name pederson and buddy already on the page . ext . battery park - day fill with family and tourist on this incredibly bright afternoon . sailboat in the harbour . the Circle line ferry chugge past the statue of Liberty . mccall on a picnic bench eat a salad . Pen and pad in front of he . headphone on . head nodd in rhythm to what appear to be music . 73. but really listen to ... teddy ( os ) pederson take the whore 's apartment ... stabs a plastic fork in he salad and take a bite . cheap Radio shack sound amplifier under the table . $ 49.00 and good up to 100 foot . point at ... teddy and he men twenty yard away . stand near the railing to the ferry terminal . body tense and wound tight as steel tourniquet . buddy what 's he want ? I mean everybody want something . teddy he want we head . that 's all we need to know . mccall write the word weak next to buddy 's name . pier parking lot jamme with car and suv 's baking under a blaze sun . include teddy 's . under which mccall slap a tiny gps transmitter as he walk by . int . home depot - supervisor's office mccall sit across from the store 's supervisor georgie . mccall just a couple of day until I can straighten it out . georgie hey . family come first . Marcus can cover you shift until Monday . 74 . int . navigator Masters inside . park down the block from mccall 's apartment Building . eye peel . int . taurus - moving pederson pass the check cash place for the third time . mccall 's bank / credit card statement on the passenger seat . ext . office build - midtown a glass and steel monolith nestle in the 600 block of madison Avenue . no designation or name on the facade . but ... int . CIA build lobby humming with security personnel . everybody empty pocket and check by guard before step through sophisticated body scanner . include teddy and buddy . walk to the secure elevator where they wait in silence . teddy play the game with mccall in he head . after a moment ... teddy everybody care about something ... east 19 th STREET rush hour traffic inch along . staccato burst of horn and squealing break . bus heaving they hulk across lane . weaving she way through it all come ... teri stepping between parked car and onto the sidewalk . lug she book bag halfway up the block . blissfully unaware of the two russian murderer slide out of the lincoln behind she . 75 . predatory face watch she enter she five Story walk - up ... third floor hallway teri trudge the final flight . walk to the last apartment at the end of the hall . unlock the door and step inside . sound of the chain and dead bolt follow . a moment later the two Russians be on either side of teri 's door . pocket handgun heavy , assess the lock . the little russian pull a set of tool ... the SOUND of glass breaking come from somewhere down the adjoin hallway . what happen next happen fast and like this : large russian ( mighty Joe Young with a brain ) creep along the wall to see what 's what . peer around the corner . the blow from the Fire extinguisher collapse the front of he head like a soda can . little russian stunne for a split second . and that second get he decease . mccall take only one step and break he larynx before he weapon clear he belt . the next thing we see be they leg disappear into the trash room ... basement two gun then body tumble from the trash chute and into the dumpster . int . teddy' office typical field agent 's space . file box pile everywhere . six year old computer tie to a secure line . teddy at the window ponder the next move when he cell ring . recognize the number and pick up . teddy better be what I want to hear . 76 . mccall ( os ) depend on what you be expect . I suspect you be a tad disappointed already . teddy do not move . you have swear he pulse actually drop . communications room screen with camera feed from hot area in the City . subway platform , bridge , tunnel etc . several tactician wear headset monitor wireless communication . teddy stride in . slide the mobile number in front of tact 1 . it 's quickly punch into the system which begin triangulate mccall 's number . on the screen we see the signal area shrink rapidly ... teddy gotta tell you I consider myself a smart guy . still can not figure this . why you ... mccall ( os ) kick over a rock most of the time something crawl out from under it . ( beat ) you be misfortune be I be the one who kick over yours . teddy watch the screen as the address scroll across the bottom of the screen . tactician 1 turn to teddy . tact I be not that agent pederson 's address ? int . pederson 's house mccall in the Office . flash drive just about do copying file from pederson 's laptop . 77 . teddy' office - same time teddy back at he window . dull eye watch the sun set between the building . resignation wash over he . int . home depot , employee entrance - night ralphie stand by the front door with he key . Young dude look spiffy head home for the weekend . young dude 2 Saturday night . Big mash up at brian' . you down for that ? young dude 1 like five buck a hour . plus tip . ralphie tip ? young dude 1 need a Security dude to watch the liquor . bring you mace can , rambo . ralphie fuck you ... good nature laugh as the dude head off . ralphie about to the lock the door when a man step inside . ralphie ( cont 'd ) we be close ... ralphie look up into the face of Masters who show he the beretta jamme into he belt . master do not be a hero , chub . internet cafe mccall sifting through pederson 's file . Processing what he 's see . from he look , something surprising ... ext . 34 th STREET - mccall 78 . man on a mission now . swallow up by rush hour foot traffic near Penn Station . dial the pre - pay cell 34th Street ... teddy ( os ) I be hope you would call . mccall found you money . teddy figure you would . you can not get to it . or prove it 's mine ... mccall make assumption like that be dangerous . teddy walk through the parking garage underneath oddly calm . his eye say ... this be fun last . teddy know the difference between I and you ? mccall ( os ) where should I begin . teddy slide into he vehicle . teddy I do not give a shit . about anything . but you do . and that put a big bull - eye on you back . take I a while to figure it out . ( beat ) I will be laser straight with you . thirty minute . Boat basin . just I and you . mccall ( os ) or ? as he cross he building . while it 79 . teddy pull a piece of paper from he jacket pocket . read ... teddy Ralph Marquez , Jennifer gould , manny ramirez and the six other Orange vest will not be go home tonight . mccall stop in the cross walk . bumped and jostle by commuter . teddy ( os ) violence without a message be a waste of movement . do not you think ? hold on mccall 's face . audio collapse wash over he . suddenly the city , its noise , its commotion do not exist . eye flat and hard . whatever form this man 's soul begin to spread through he entire body . when he answer come it 's soft and measure . mccall alright . we will play this you way . cut off the call . thinks for moment . then look down at he wristwatch ... and start the stopwatch tick ... int . home depot - dusk Masters walk ralphie to the back of the store . meeting up with buddy and pederson who have Jenny , manny and several other . at the same time ... door to a midtown bus OPEN mccall step onto the m4 head downtown . take a seat near the middle exit door . pull out another pre - pay cell phone from the Radio shack bag . power it up . 80 . with he other hand punch number into he cell phone . forward he number to the pre-paid phone ... home depot - tool repair and rental section - same time section off by a chain link fence . employee herde into the area by teddy 's guy . parking lot - various area - same time over the rise we see the dark gleam grill of a black suv roll into a lot . then another . and another . six identical black suv , ominous and forbode , pull onto the asphalt surround the premise . pulling back to see ... suv ringing the perimeter of the structure . inside each sit two russian killer . in one of the suv Russian 7 check the load in he Glock . Russian 8 on he radio with Masters . russian 8 we be here . master ( os ) lock down the perimeter . shoot anyone who look like he that get within 20 yard of the place . holding area Masters click off as pederson come back with a handful of nylon wire wrap . toss they to ralphie . pederson behind they back . tight. 81 . ext . boat basin - same time teddy lean against he car . stare down at he pda . on the screen be a gps screen . mccall 's cell number highlight and move South ... teddy smile . dial ... int . downtown bus mccall not on it . camera move under the seat he be in ... mccall 's cell phone under it . ring silently .. mccall someplace else and move answer the pre-paid phone . teddy ( os ) think you might go icbm on I . you be make the right decision . for better or worse it be always go to end this way .. mccall keep move . mccall yeah well , there be some worst nobody ever think about . click . ext . home depot parking lot - same time two of the suv idling within sight of each other . inside one radio plays curren$y . Russian 1 behind the wheel bouncin’ to it . not understanding a word . look out he window at the suv across the way . guy with they foot up on the dash talk to one another . back to he music . turn it up . adjust bass . like it more . glance back to the other suv ... no one 's in it . 82 . look around the parking lot . nothing . sit up . turn to he partner . russian 1 hey ... he 's asleep . shake he and the man fall forward . sharp object protrude through the back of he seat , disappear into the man . Russian 1 spin quickly towards the back seat . mccall . and that 's the last thing he see . int . home depot , holding area - night employee on the floor . hand tie -wrapped behind they back . just the SOUND of breathe ... Masters roll the gate shut . lock it with a padlock . take out he phone and start to dial when ... Kool and the gang begin play over the store 's PA system . all three snap into tense mode . gun come out ... Masters unlock the cage . point he weapon at ralphie . master where 's that come from ? depot aisle Masters and pederson follow ralphie as they make they way through the empty aisle . gun be draw . music drift from the speaker above . kool ( vo ) oh yes it 's lady night and feelin 's right ... security office Masters push ralphie into the office as pederson clear it . 83. empty . CD player patch into the PA system . power on . Masters hit stop and it 's suddenly quiet again . master who else be here ? ralphie no one . I swear ... pederson grab Masters arm . point he to the security monitor . Masters follow he look to camera 16 . Middle of the store . a lone figure move like a ghost down a center aisle . master ( into he Radio ) he 's in the fuck store ! door to the van and suv OPEN a wave of icy death pour out of the vehicle jack they automatic weapon and fan out . Split into group and head for the various entrance to the store . master and pederson throw ralphie back into the holding Area . tie-wrapp he hand to the gate , padlock it with buddy inside . master we do not come back ... kill ‘em all . Masters go to call teddy . get no signal . look up and follow pederson 's eye to the awning window near the ceiling . everyone of they cover in tin foil . block the cell signal in and out ... 84 . boat basin - same time teddy open the trunk and remove the standard issue remington 12 gage . cradle it under he arm and check he pda . mccall 's signal close in ... int . home depot - front entrance four Russians step inside . Dark . eye adjust . talk into he radio . russian we be in . loading dock large door swing OPEN and russian 1 , 2 and 3 step inside . garden entrance russian 4,5 , 6 and 7 eyeing the cavernous place . russian 4 in. employee entrance Russians 8 and 9 close the door behind they . safeties click off ... russian 9 in. int . home depot - various area - night Silent . nobody move . store quiet and empty . aisle desert . place feel feral and dangerous . that 's when the power goe out . entire store plunge into blackness . 85 . outside the holding area Masters feel the chill run down he spine . flip the safety off ... home depot - wide Dark figure move into the belly of the store from every conceivable angle ... russian 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 walk slowly . every SOUND heightened . russian 8 and 9 kel - tec shotgun on they hip . eye scan every shadow and space . russian 1 , 2 and 3 fan out . each take a different aisle . russian 2 and 3 start down lighting fixture . Broken bulb litter the middle of the aisle where someone ransacke the shelf ... russian 1 step into the paint section . sees ... tarp , paint can and a halogen work light splay across the floor ... slowly maneuver around the mess ... stepping over the halogen stand when ... the lamp blaze on momentarily blind Russian 1 . turn he head away and find the spectre of ... 86 . mccall who jam he thumb into the Russian 's eye . then he throat . cut off he ability to make sound . wham ! wham ! two thumb into he rib and diaphragm . Russian 1 double over . make it easier for mccall to snap he neck . check he watch . garden aisle Russians 2 and 3 walk with purpose ... bathroom fixture aisle Russian 4 sweep he gun across the area ... russian 3 hardware section . mid-aisle . stop and listen . hear a snapping SOUND one aisle over . quietly push aside some box on the shelving unit . creating space to see into the next aisle . revealing ... mccall pull the trigger on the pneumatic nail gun . single cement anchor thudding into Russian 3 's forehead . pull the spend co2 cartridge out and pop in another ... russian 5 , 6 and 7 stepping around the corner . seeing they dead comrade . face twist into a mask of rage . anger blind they as they stalk down ... the appliance aisle in and around the refrigerator . past the washer and dryer ... 87 . then a humming SOUND . stop ... listen ... eye follow the SOUND to ... the display of microwave timer tick down . Russian 5 lean down and look inside ... through the microwave window a small propane tank turn slowly on the plate . boom ! !!! the wall explode into flame . a huge fireball engulf all three Russians . body catch fire ... int . holding area the sound come from inside the store waft over ralphie and the other hostage . the scream frighten they into puddle ... buddy back away from the gate . russian 8 and 9 hearing the scream . follow they into ... the appliance aisle where Russians 5 , 6 and 7 lay smolder . flesh burn off they bone . fear now fill they soul . 8 and 9 exchange look , turn and bolt ... Racing like the wind towards ... the employee entrance where they stop dead . 88 . employee entrance door chain and padlock . from the inside . while on the other side of the store ... master and pederson stare grimly at ... the front entrance titanium bicycle chain run through the door handle and lock . boat basin - same time teddy wait just off the rutte path . sees mccall 's signal have stop two hundred yard away . not move . dial ... mccall - deep in the store pick up after the first vibration . teddy ( os ) second thought ? mccall just take care of a few thing . be right with you . laser dot dance across shelving and material . stepping from the shadow come ... russian 3 , 8 and 9 shoulder to shoulder . finger on triggers . precision movement . 89 . a glimpse of mccall move quickly across the aisle . the russian Fire they weapon . shredd everything in its path . when it settles ... no mccall . holding area echoing gunshot shatter the silence . too much for buddy . feeling like a trap animal so he unlock the cage , step out and re-lock it . whisper into he radio ... buddy where the fuck be you guy ? mccall like a shadow . move towards the final area of the store . oddly calm . breathe measure . just the tick ... tick ... tick of he watch ... master and pederson in the lumber section . anxious and on edge . Masters click on he radio . master stay with the hostages . mccall - somewhere pull box of roofing nail and brad off the shelf as he walk ... russian 3 , 8 and 9 in the plumbing section . every SOUND amplify . 3 hand signal he 's split off ... 90 . mccall 's hand - somewhere else grabbing a garage door remote package from a rack of they . a x-acto knife slice open a bag a fertilizer . then another ... russian 8 and 9 move down the bathroom fixture section . turn the corner and ... seeing mccall directly in front of they ! emptying there weapon into he body ... only to see mccall image shatter into piece as the mirrore glass explode into fragment ... understand too late that ... he 's behind they . mccall running the 6 '' drywall saw through 9 's third and fourth rib . 8 get he weapon halfway up when he look down and sees the chisel protrude from he chest as he lose feel in he extremity ... russian 3 alone . shudder in fear three aisle over . get to the end of patio furniture aisle . White knuckling he weapon . about to peek around the corner . never feel the extension cord until it 's around he neck . body jerk like a marionette until ... it be not . mccall gently drop the body onto the floor . master , pederson and buddy come together from different area . converge at the rear of the store . gl . wound tight . no longer smug . eye darting all over the place . home depot - high angle nine body strewn about in various section . the last three man stand in the shadow . know mccall could be anywhere ... about to head back into the middle of the store when ... master sees the shadow slip into the far rear section of the place . motion to the other ... garden area like a giant greenhouse . a large area fill with plant and tree and gardening equipment . master , pederson and buddy stand at the only entrance to the area . heart beat hard and fast . know mccall be here . use hand signal master point pederson and buddy down separate aisle . the men move slow every step painful . bile and dread inching up they throat . finally reach the ... central garden area fountain , birdbath and wind chime . against the back wall all kind of planting supplies . mccall against the back wall in the shadow . just the white of he eye visible . stand amongst the garden tool and a row of steel wheelbarrow . 92 . master hear that ticking SOUND . fire a shot blindly into the shadow . mccall wait . like a cobra . all three Men step into range . camera pan down mccall 's body to he hand . garage door remote in it . finger over the clicker . master , pederson and buddy take three step closer . then they hear it . eye fall on the wheelbarrow as it lower over the kneel body of mccall . Exchange confuse look . and at the exact same time realize they be surround by lumpy bag of fertilizer . empty box of nail scattered across the floor . mccall finger pushes the clicker on the remote as ... master , pederson and buddy have just enough time to exchange one stupid look before ... blammmmmm ! !!! fertilizer bag exploding . Nails scream through the air at the speed of sound . High pitch whine as the projectile literally nail ... master , pederson and buddy face and body riddled with the nail . muscle , tendon and bone cut to piece . organs puncture and shred . 93. inside the wheelbarrow Nails thunk and pierce the steel like quill . stop inch from mccall 's body . master barely alive . bleed from place he do not know could bleed . stumble to he foot . seeing he dead partner . so he run knee pump like out - of-sync piston . racing towards the back of the store . holding area everyone in the cage freeze in fear . except ralphie . he 's furiously work on he tie wrap . almost get they loose enough when Masters gun barrel slip through the fence and touch he forehead . bloody face appear against the chain link ... home depot - front of the store everything bath in murky darkness . nothing move . the unearthly silent be shattered by ... master ( os ) mccaaaaaaaaaaalllll ! the animalistic cry echoes throughout the cavernous store . then ralphie appear out of the shadow . barrel of master revolver duct -taped to he temple ... Masters pressed up against ralphie 's back . duct tape weaving its way around he gun hand . covering he finger on the trigger . the only thing visible be the cocked hammer ... master ( cont ’d ) hey ! I flinch , trip , I fucking hiccup he’s dead ! understand ??? 94 . ralphie 's eye squeeze tight . barely hold it together . in he tremble hand be a bolt cutter . price tag still attach . master ( cont ’d ) i'm walking out of here now ! mccall somewhere in the darkness . eye study the impossible . baretta m9 . 4 pound of pull make it a hair trigger for all intent and purpose . Duct tape mask the exact position of the trigger finger ... reaches down and grab the long barrel m16-a out of Russian 4 's dead hand . flip on the laser scope . take a breath ... and step back into the darkness ... master and ralphie at the front entrance . bicycle chain the only thing between Masters and freedom . master cut it . ralphie 's sweat cover hand fumble with the cutter . Masters press the barrel harder into the kid 's temple . ralphie manage to cut one length of the chain . place the tooth of the cutter over the last piece . Masters eye dart into the darkness of the store . no mccall . eerie and way too quiet . then sees the faint glow of red come from the far aisle ... look down ... laser dot across the duct tape where be hand would be ... Masters jerk ralphie around ! spinning he so the dot be on he chest ... master ( cont ’d ) you fucking kidding I ? 95 . mccall mouth right next to Masters ear . mccall it look like I be kid ? hard CUT - the m- 16 propped up on a shelf all by itself at the end of the aisle . mccall and master Masters 's eye go wide as mccall 's arm snap around he neck . Masters squeezing the trigger ... but nothing happen . Masters 's confuse . look down and sees the carpet knife jammed into the hollow of he tricep . mccall brachial tendon 's severe , slick . you get nothing from the shoulder down ... box cutter slice the barrel from ralphie 's head . ralphie fall to he knee . mccall twist the dead arm towards Masters chest . mccall ( cont 'd ) so let I help you . mccall touch master 's finger . the gun fire a single muffled shot into master 's heart . home depot - wider Masters dead before he hit the floor . mccall reach down and take the key from he belt . walk over to ralphie . help he to he foot . shock and awe plaster all over ralphie 's face . stare at mccall like he be some apparition . mccall drop the key to the cage and a pair of plier into ralphie 's hand . mccall you should go let they out . 96 . ralphie nod . mccall ( cont 'd ) I do not know if you hear . I be away on a family matter . I x11 be back Monday . a long beat . then ralphie smile . int . teddy 's car - boat basin teddy get in . toss the shotgun into the back seat when he cell ring . unknown number appear on the screen . answer and hear ... mccall ( os ) run . ext . credit suisse bank build a glass and steel modern structure with spirale column design to support nothing except public awe and reverence . teddy come out of the Bank pockete a envelope . Hit the remote . about to climb in when he sees ... two suit-clad men on the near corner . eye directly on teddy . now sees another two men on the far corner . look across the street ... four more men in suit . all look at teddy . miller ( os ) agent coleman ... teddy spin . two dark blue suit , match haircut and implacable face behind he . Agency id 's in they hand . ward special agent Ward . this be agent Miller . CIA Internal affair . int . sedan - moving Miller behind the wheel . Ward shotgun . teddy behind the chicken wire screen in the back . 97 . hand cuffed behind he back . ext . battery park tip of Manhattan . down battery place then take a detour . cross Water Street . the sedan jump down a one lane dirt road that cut a swath through a path of dense foliage . int . sedan - back seat teddy look around . sees the CITY be swallow up by the overgrown tree ... teddy where the fuck we go ? ext . the sedan - day Road get smaller , foliage thicker . rust out boat trailer litter the shoulder . we be at the abandon Boat basin . int . the sedan through the windshield foliage clear and the harbour come into view . the car bump along a bit further then stop a few yard above the water line . Miller and Ward exit the vehicle without a word leave teddy alone . after what seem like a eternity the driver side door open and mccall slide in . mccall do not turn around . mccall it be you idea to meet here . now shift so he can look directly at teddy . mccall ( cont 'd ) it 's important you understand everything . 98 . teddy I understand enough . mccall I do not think you do . a long pause . mccall lower the back window a few inch . mccall ( cont 'd ) the place we choose to inhabit , to live we life , be like it 's own ecosystem . ecosystem only survive when there 's balance . otherwise there 's chaos , corruption and injustice . ( beat ) people like you upset that balance . teddy what the fuck be you talk about ? it be bad guy kill worse guy . you do not think that exist every fuck place in the world ? mccall it do . I have see it . but you be in my world . and that 's ... unacceptable . teddy wake up you self - righteous prick . the whole cake 's be divide down to the last crumb . you take what you can get when you can get it . ( beat ) I do not design the system . I simply learn how to play it and win it . ( beat ) I get seven million dollar in my pocket . it 's yours . take it . dole it out to you ecosystem mccall crack the front window . stare out at the water for a few moment . mccall most people do not want anything except fairness . ( more ) 99 . mccall ( cont 'd ) more and more they feel they can never have it . they see bigger , richer , more corrupt , morally bankrupt , spiritually vacant people get it all . the one who do not give a shit ... turn the ignition key halfway . engine light come on . turn around and start go through teddy 's pocket . mccall ( cont 'd ) you be a bad guy , teddy . worse , you be a bad guy who do not give a shit . about anyone . even yourself . and that make you more frightening than almost any monster out there . mccall find the check . sit back and look at the amount . whistles . T eddy laugh . teddy lot of money . do not be so smug . in my ecosystem I 'il do four year in some country club prison , get out , move to Dubai . sell my knowledge and service to some Sheik who like the idea of have a ex - CIA agent on he staff . in two year , I will be a millionaire all over again . mccall take the check and stick it on the rearview mirror . mccall guess you can take it with you . slip the car into neutral then open the door . teddy hey ! ext . boat basin mccall step out and close the door . the car start to roll down the embankment ... teddy hey ! 100 . mccall watch as the car list down the embankment towards the water . watch teddy panic in the back seat , face twisted in impotent fury . Front end of the car hit the water ... teddy press he face to the small open on the window . teddy ( cont 'd ) what 's this make you ? mccall do not bother to answer . the car sink , hood already submerge . Water rush through the open window ... teddy stare through the back window . into mccall 's eye . mccall do not look away . resignation wash over teddy . both man now calm , dispassionate ... Water rise above teddy 's chest , chin , then he face ... finally the car disappear under water . mccall wait a long moment . turn and walk up the embankment . cross the road where another car wait . walk over to it and get in the back ... int . car Susan plummer sit in the back . Miller and Ward silently up front . the two exchange look . Ward put the car in gear and drive off . ext . mccall 's apartment build car pull up out front . int . car Susan glance up at mccall 's apartment building . susan I expect more . 101 . mccall it 's enough . start to get out . stop . turn back to Susan . mccall ( cont 'd ) he ask I , do that , what it make I ... Susan think . then look at she old friend . smile . susan life be a fight . but not everyone 's a fighter . that 's where you come in , Robert . ( beat ) you be a equalizer . mccall let it sink in . get out without another word and the car drive away . int . home depot - morning clean up crews still work as employees drift in . ralphie at he place by the front entrance when mccall and the Young dude step through . look of surprise at the mess . young dude 1 what the fuck ? young dude 2 what be this shit ? ralphie you do not hear ? some guy break in and take a bunch of we hostage . be a big showdown and a bunch of guy get kill . no one 's tell we much else . classify or something . young dude 2 well I be not cleanin’ that shit up ... mccall start to follow they into the store . 102 . ralphie Mr. mccall ? mccall turn . ralphie hold up the pair of plier with the price tag on it . ralphie ( cont 'd ) mind put this back for I ? the look that pass between they be understand instantly by both . this be we secret . and will remain so . mccall smile . take the plier and head down the aisle . back to work ... ext . coney island boardwalk - night mccall on he favorite bench . night air crisp and clean . like mccall 's soul . there 's a tranquil , untrouble feel to this man now . watch the United Nations of face and family with different eye . smile at the Spanish woman finger she rosary as she watch she daughter fly by on the tilt-a-whirl . her small son next to she play nintendo that probably cost she a month pay . people try . that 's what count . mccall stand and start for home . pass the ... shoot booth where that father and son be back . try again . Father hand over he last dollar only to get the same result . take he kid hand and about to slink off when ... mccall ( os ) give the man a sponge guy already . all three head turn . mccall stand there , hand in he pocket . 103 . mccall ( cont 'd ) guy 's be here every Saturday night for two month . paid for the sponge ten time over . barker who be you ? the boardwalk police ? hit all six target win the sponge guy . ( point to sign ) or can not you read . and there 's that look again . mccall step to the counter and drop a dollar bill into the barker 's sweaty palm . turn to the father . mccall this one 's on I . lift the beat up air rifle ... adjust the aim and ... blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! all six target nail dead center in millisecond . barker stand there slack - jaw as mccall grab the largest sponge Bob and hand it to the Father . kid 's eye like saucer . place the rifle back onto the barker . mccall ( cont 'd ) Site 's six degree off to the leave . I would fix that if I be you . as he walk off ... mccall ( cont 'd ) and I 'il be back to check . int . mccall 's apartment - night mccall at the Kitchen table . laptop open . type something . we hear music drift over the scene . faint at first . like it be come through the open window . 104 . on screen a craigslist page . under the SERVICES subheading . mccall 's finger write a post . a voice now singing with the music . a haunt song grow louder as we see mccall 's word beat out across the page : got a problem ? odd against you ? write to : the equalizer mccall stare at the screen . this be who he be now . at peace with that . song get louder . and as he finger press send we ... CUT to : a SMALL dive bar somewhere in Hell 's Kitchen . dingy and dark and half full . that song fill the room . on stage a piano player . and teri. sing the last note with all she be . heartbreakingly magicical ... the applause more enthusiastic than expect . the loudest be mccall . against the back wall . teri walk off the stage and into the arm of a nice looking guy . the look on he face tell we everything we need to know about she life now . 105 . mccall eye bright with pride . drop a twenty on the table and head for the exit ... dissolve to : ext . diner - early evening maybe it 's the same diner fix up . maybe it 's a different one . do not matter . because what 's the same be ... mccall at a back table . Cup of tea . Book 94 open . '' the invisible man '' by Ralph Ellison . and we hold on this image for a few beat . because it feel right and ... just . we hear the faint ding of mccall 's cell . fish it out and read the email . voice ( os ) I see you ad and I be take a chance you be real . I be desperate . squealing tire of a 757 hitting the runway ... voice ( os ) my family be in danger . the police can not help . int . INTERNATIONAL airport terminal door to custom slide open as mccall walk through they shoulder he bag sign above the door say : welcome to brussel ext . brussel 's airport mccall come out and walk to the curb . hail a taxi . 106 . voice ( os ) I know I be far away but I have no hope and nowhere else to turn . can you help ? as the taxi pull curb side mccall slip a pair of sunglass on and we go to ... black