4th kind Autobiography of Dr. abigail Tyler written by olatunde osunsanmi Story by Dr. abigail Tyler , olatunde osunsanmi & Terry Lee robbin Dead crow picture LLC revision : 9.12.07 note to reader : all archive audio material provide by Dr. Tyler be underline . all archive video material provide by Dr. Tyler be bold . the interview with Dr. Tyler be do by this @ writer / director in one continuous session on February 18° " , 2006 . all interview material be italicize . the archive audio , video and interview material , have all be describe in this text as accurately as possible , and to the best ability of this writer / director . any discrepancy between the text and the actual material be purely accidental and unintentional . fade from white : on a winding road line with a wooden guide rail , fog roll by as a figure approach , obscure who or what it be . as it get closer , its gait can be discern -- humanoid . its build be oversize yet solid -- and its face have two large black eye , that cut clearly through the white snow and fog like miniature black hole . it continue to walk closer , and a hand reach up and pull off the eye -- which be actually goggle -- revealing its identity : pigure my name be olatunde osunsanmi , the director of 4th kind . olatunde continue walk towards we , he heavy winter clothing bulk up he frame . olatunde this film will be a dramatization of event that occur October 1st through the 9th of 2000 in the northern alaskan town of nome . to better explain the event of this story , I have include actual archive footage throughout the film . this footage be obtain from nome psychiatrist Dr. Abbey Tyler , who have personally document over 65 hour of video and audio material during the time of the incident . in a effort to protect they privacy , we have alter the name and profession of many of the people involved . ( pause ) every dramatize scene in this film , will be support by either archive audio , video , or as it be related to I by Dr. Tyler herself during extensive interview session . in the end what you believe , will be yours to decide . olatunde come to a stop as breath rise from he mouth . olatunde please be advise that some of what you be about to see be extremely disturbing . CUT to white : fade in : in a interview room . several 50 inch widescreen monitor be mount on the wall , create a collage of abstract motion on they screen . the real abbey tyler sit in a chair , the camera frame she from the waist up . she be a thirty - eight year old female with a good deal of pain evident in she eye . she 's rail thin , edge of bone push out she skin like needle under tissue paper . the leave corner of she mouth twitches cccasionally as she look to the right of camera , where the interviewer sit . olatunde ( 0.s. ) please state you name for the camera . the real dr . tyler Doctor abigail Elizabeth Tyler . olatunde have you provide we with che master tape from you archive ? the real dr . tyler yes I have . olatunde { 0.s . ) be everything you be about to tell I as close to factual as possible ? the real dr . tyler onod ) yes , yes it be . olatunde ( 0.s. ) be you willing to submit to a lie detector test to confirm this answer ? the real dr . tyler yes I be . clatunde ( 0.s. ) thank you ... so , where would you like to begin ? '' '' Dr. Tyler frown . the real dr . tyler I guess uh ... after what happen with will -- my husband . I uh ... go to my friend ... who 's also a psychiatrist -- dr.{ name withheld , alias -- abel campos ] because I be have trouble deal with how he ... ( start to get emotional} how it happen ... and who do it ... CUT to black : text -- archive audio recorded ; 1071-00 location : campos care over black , a poor audio recording be hear , as subtitles follow the dialogue . campos ( 0.s. ) abbey ( 0.8 . ) l'il _be fine . campos ( 0.s . ) 7 int $ ' fade in : in dr . abel campos ' office . daylight flood the room , warming dark wooden furniture . seat to the leave be abbey tyler , 36 , a widow whose suffer have permeate she every be . title : ( cast member ) as abbey tyler across from she be dr . abel campos , 50 , a psychiatrist whose disposition be relaxed , compose , and comforting . on a table between they a portable tape recorder record . ( there dialogue be replaced by archive audio in area ] ( softly ) yeah . campos get up , aim a vhs camera at Abbey , and hit record . title -- archival video recorded : 10-1-00 9:36 be location : campos care running timecode : 00:00:04 camera angle : from the waist up of abbey split screen between archive / narrative footage as need dr . campos ' face be blurred out in archival footage campos ( light heart ) counseling another psychiatrist be like talk to myself . the real dr . tyler lie further back in she chair and take a calming breath . title : Dr. Abbey Tyler campos stand over she and extend a finger . campos ( C.S. ) watch my finger as I count back ... 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 ... Abbey 's eye roll up as she follow he finger over she head . then slowly , she eye close . campos sit down out of frame . campos ( gently ) Abbey , let go back to the night of September 9th of this year . abbey mm-hmm . campos what be the weather like ? abbey warm ... warmer than normal ... even though it be snow outside . campos now ... let 's go to when you be with will -- just before the intruder enter you room . abbey ok . campos describe what you see . Abbey 's eye be work hard beneath she eye lid , flicker back and forth . then she face relax and a smile part she lip . abbey we be make love ... it be wonderful kind , gentle ... fade in left frame of split / screen : abbey' p.o.v. as she lean down and kiss will , 35 , a man in love with the woman above he . he gently caress she cheek as they make love . abbey { 0.s.} ... then we fall asleep .... in right frame : abbey' neck go limp , and she head fall . to the side . e@ timecode : 00:01:45 she 's quiet a moment . campos what do you remember next ? abbey we be awake ... both of we ... wide awake . ..- and we be ... lie here ... campos what wake you up ? abbey I do not ... nothing ... we be just ... lie here ... timecode : 00:02:02 in left frame : abbey be lying next to will . his eye be open , darting back and forth as they study she ... a shadow fall over will 's face , and then metal slam down into he chest , blasting into he skin as blcod explode upward . Abbey breath in sharply and pull back in SHOCK . she look up at the intruder -- and flinch back and scream -- -- fade out left frame -- right frame now fill entire screen Abbey shriek at the top of she lung and cover she face with she arm . timecode : 00:02:43 abbey oh my God ! someone stab he ! in the chest ! oh my G --! campos Abbey ! stay with I ! stay with I ! what do you see ? abbey I do not know ! I - - it 's too much ! it 's move so fast , but it feel like we be freeze -- I can not see it ! campos shhhh . Abbey relax ! calm down , try and see the face ! abbey oh my God not again . I can not -- I can not see it ! please stop ! please stop ! ohmygod ! stop -stop -stop - siop - stop -!! it's too much ! it‘s too much ! Dr. campos try to regain control , count she back out of hypnosis as she wail uncontrollably . campos es -- focus on my voice -- abbey ~ he's bleeding everywhere ! there's blood all over I - campos - focus on my voice , you will be fully awaken and conscious in 5,4,3 , 2,1 ... Abbey break hypnosis , sit up , do not remember cry , wipe tear , sit a moment silently , awkwardly , before bury she face in she hand and cry . campos put a arm around she shoulder . campos Abbey ... she cry for a little bit longer and then wipe she eye . abbey if I could just see he face we could ... I -- feel so ... he be kill and I be right there -- and I -- I -- can not describe who do it ...! campos it 's natural to feel guilt ... it 's just as unnatural to feel it be you fault . she wipe she face again . abbey ( whisper ) I can not help it . campos you say something there ... you say ' it 's too much . 's what do you mean by that ? Abbey think a moment ... and then slowly shake she head . abbey «.. I do not know .... campos it feel like maybe it 's ... something we should keep a eye on . campos hold she hand in a very paternal way , try to comfort she . timecode : 00:04:57 campos you should consider take some time off -- real time . that two week do not count . it may help you find clarity with what happen -- abbey I want to finish the study . campos which be exactly what I know you would say . which be what you always say when confront with the notion of spend time away from work . uncle Sam be not exactly beat down you door for a return on he investment . Abbey shake she head . abbey it mean a lot to will . he would of want I to finish it as soon as I could . off campos ' lock -- abbey @ I will be ok . she stand up abruptly lift she face out of frame , wiping stray tear , attempt to pull it together abbey I know you would not , but please do not tell anyone about we session . ( small smile ) would not be good for my practice . campos of course . timecode : 00:05:29 he reach towards the camera , pull the tape out and hand it to she . abbey thanks . CUT to : a red cesna soar high above the snow cover world of Alaska , cut @ hard to the leave as it roar across the afternoon sky . in the cockpit Abbey fly the plane , she face be a little more compose . Flying be the best therapy of all . a family picture of will and she two child ronnie and Ashley decorate the dashboard . fade in text -- ' the voice of dr . tyler ' the real dr . tyler ( v.o. ) when I fly , I feel at peace . it be just I , the wind and the cloud . the cesna straighten out and fly over snow cover mountain -- they roll hill of white be blindingly beautiful . the real dr . tyler ( v.o . I think alaskan be lucky in that way -- that fly be one of the only way to get around the state . 10 the plane soar up and over another mountain range , revealing a town nestle next to the sparkling water of the arctic , '' and the monstrous blue- white ice of a glacier behind it . this be a town on the edge of the wild . title : nome , alaska in the cockpit . Abbey be smile . control tower ( radio ) welcome ten-twenty - three , you have get some clear air turbulence ahead , some cross wind , descend to one - fifty , hold at altitude . abbey ( to mic ) thanks -- descend to one - fifty and hold , ten-twenty - three . Abbey throttles down and the plane begin its descent . above nome the airport runway come into view as 1923 glide towards it , pass over the warehouse style building and two lane roadway cf nome . in the cockpit . control tower ( radio ) ten-twenty - three you be clear to land . abbey ten-twenty - three 's landing -- have a good day ori . ori ( radio ) you too Abbey , thank you . she pull hard to the leave , banking the plane almost sideways in a fighter jet like maneuver . the wing flap straighten out , straighten out the plane as in the cockpit the runway line up directly with the front of the windshield . Abbey throttles down further and tilt the nose up as the @ ground rush il up to meet she . match CUT to : abbey' vclvo roar down ahkovak Street . snow cover barrack type building dominate both side of the road . she turn leave onto apayauk STREET , head south as snow fall . CUT to : outside tyler' health & care , Abbey 's car pull into the driveway of a victorian style building , pass a sign : tyler' health & care . in the lobby Abbey stride in fully compose and collect . she pass by she secretary 's desk , where theresa [ alias ] , 50' , a dark haire woman with beauty rarely see at she age , type ona computer . abbey any message ? theresa no , but Scott 's wait in you office , and you have a four and a five o'clock . abbey ( nod ) thanks . theresa how be it come in ? abbey bumpy . you would think as beautiful as that sky be , the air could never be that rough . theresa the stuff that really shake we , we seldom ever see come . Abbey kind of smile at that , what it mean , how matter - of - factly it be uttere . she walk down a hallway and into her office 12 to find scott stracinsky [ alias ] , 41 -- Troubled . tense . sleepless circle be carve beneath he eye . title : ( cast member ) as scott stracinsky Abbey beam , greet he warmly . abbey how you do Scott ? scott alright . she close the door and set she stuff down on she desk . wooden panell bookshelve line three of the wall , and the fourth a wall of window feature a vast snowscape outside . a deep leather couch flanke by two plush chair be at the center of the room , she desk be off to the side . this be a office of comfort , of trust . one feel at ease within this walis . abbey make yourself comfortable . they sit on the chair directly across from each other . on the coffee table she push eject on she tape recorder and insert a tape label : scott stracinsky text : archive audio recorded : 10Q-1-00 location : tyler' health & care abbey ( gently ) wv ing ? he shake he head . scott it 's worse , [ wake up in the middl« of the night , almost every night hist ti abbey thi i 2 scott morning . abbey 's waki 2 scorr 13 abbey ( write , nodd ) mm-hmn . scor T Abbey look up from she notepad . scott . . do remember somethin' . Scott 's eye dart back and forth , search for something in he subconscious . jessica poeman [ alias ] , 36 , a eskimo like beauty now sit where Scott be . jessica . awhite owl . it be just look at I . abbey j ow i 2 tommy fisher , 36 , white , tall , and have the bear of solid rock , now sit where jessica be sit . -- we jump between session -- tommy h L dia i w. 7 with with ' of I . abbey y i ind ? scott be ju i flash to : 14 a snow owl fix its eye onto we -- into we , regard we curiously , @ knowingly ... CUT tc : abbey continue . abbey have you see it before ? jessica yeah think so once ... . when be akid . abbey before then ? tommy + ' ss 7 I up2 abbey ad of 2 every night this week abbey ev. i 2 vi m Tommy nod , rub he face . tommy hi . insid abbey wa wi 2 scott no. abbey how i de ? jessica l_de not knov I remember it look down at I abbey ver you 2 be omm think so ... it 's really hard to . ' fe ke i id not -- know ki m . I mte _ abbey W mis i i crow ? tommy 's 2 . ea if you wa e C i it 's impor abbey ! h la 7 1 ' re! inter > sinel + | ; ie tommy wi mis 2 abbey ' i ty i h. in i be . tommy W vi ww : " wy will . h ; . tommy ' -- 4 ' abbey L be fine , it 's ok CUT to : the SUN be almost below the snow horizon as abkey 's vclvo pull up in front of a series of cozy bungalows know as nome elementary schocl . school child meander about , walk home or wait for they ride . in nome elementary school -- lobby . 16 ashley tyler , 6 , the cutest , saddest , little girl you have ever see , sit on a bench look straight ahead , not see the child as they pass by she . next to she rest a long white walk stick . this child be blind . ralph [ alias ] ( 6 } run up to Ashley and make all kind of face at she . she whip up she stick and just miss he face . ralph hey ! ashley knock it off . he stick out he tongue one more time and run off . fade in text -- the real dr . tyler the real dr . tyler ( v.o. ) I feel so sorry for my baby ... and I feel ...responsible ... it 's not a phenomenon that a lot of people understand and we have have to make quite a adjustment . fade out text -- the real dr . tyler @. Abbey enter the lobby and walk over to she . she look at she daughter with sad eye , but she keep it from she voice . abbey hi sweetheart . ashley hi mommy . abbey what 's wrong ? ashley nothing . Abbey take she hand and she stand up . they walk out onto the STREET and towards she car , Abbey lead the way . abbey how be school ? ashley on . '' abbey yeah ? ok ? do something happen ? a beat . ashley Ralph call I a ' faker ' . abbey a what ? a " faker ? " ashley he say I could see before and now I be just pretend . he say I just want everybody to feel sorry for I because of daddy . Abbey blanch , hate hearing this kind of stuff . abbey be not Ralph the kid you friend catch eat he own booger ? this make Ashley smile . ashley yeah . abbey then why be we worried about what Ralph 's say . Ralph 's get he own problem . ashley yeah mommy . abbey ( pend to tickle she ) yeah ? ashlet ( squirming ) yeah ! Abbey pick she tiny body up in to she arm and spin she around . the two girl laugh as they get in and Abbey start the car up . CUT to : outside abbey' house -- evening it 's a two story house situate up on a hill that look like it 's right out of a storybook . snow fall lightly as the volvo pull up into the driveway , all of nome can be see behind it . 18 in abbey' kitchen Ashley sit at the kitchen table listen to the Discovery Channel on tv . she pass she hand back and forth in front of she eye , try to see it . Abbey cook soup and meat loaf behind she . ashley Mom ? abbey yes sweetheart . ashley when 's dinner gonna be ready ? abbey soon . ashley how soon ? abbey Real soon . the kitchen door open and ronnie [ alias ] , 15 , walk inside , he boot cake in snow . he 's tall for he age , have a athletic build and a huge chip on he shoulder . abbey hi darling . ashley hi! ronnie ( mutter ) hey . Abbey glance over at he . abbey you boot . he sigh , take they off , throw they next to the door , and walk cff into the live room . Abbey watch he go . in abbey' dinning room the three of they sit at the dinning room table in prayer . Abbey and Ashley 's head be bow , ronnie 's be not , and he eye be open . 19 abbey Lord , thank you for everything we have . please continue to bless we family . please help Ashley overcome she loss of sight , help she see again like she do . thank you , in Jesus ! name we pray , amen . ashley amen . they begin eat in awkward silence . abbey {to ronnie ) how be school ? ronnte ( shrug ) it be alright . abbey learn anything new ? ronnie no . the silence ccntinue for awhile . Ashley cock she ear back and forth between the two of they . abbey ( to ronnie ) what time 's you game tomorrow ? ronnie Seven . abbey who you play ? ronnie I tell you already , browerville . abbey I be sorry , I forget . ronnie dad never forget . that comment sting Abbey . abbey well ... you dad 's not here . ronnie no ...he 's not . ( more ) 20 ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( look up , glower ) can you accept it yet ? abbey accept what ? ronnie ( like stone ) ..- what happen to dad . Abbey absently grab a platter of food . abbey not in front of you sister . ashley what do you mean ? abbey nothing honey . ronnie you be never gonna face it be you ? abbey stop it . ashley face what ? ronnie turn to Ashley , seem to forget she 's only six . ronnie how dad die . Ashley gasp . abbey damn it ronnie ! what 's wrong with you ? ronnie push himself back from the table . ronnie you go around help other people with they problem -- abbey -- stop it ! stop it !-- ronnie -- and you can not even help yourself . abbey -- what the hell be that suppose to mean --? ronnie walk out . ronnie -- or you kid ... somewhere in the house , a door slam . ashley mommy ...? what do -- what do he mean ...? no answer ... ashley mommy ... ? unable to answer Abbey look at she angelic face ... at innocence only a child can demonstrate . CUT to : outside of abbey' house the night be complete . a owl perch on a branch watch through the window as light be turn off . all be still . fade in text -- ' the voice of dr . tyler 's the real dr . tyler ( v.0o . ) you know ... he be right . not only could I not help myself , I could not help he either . in abbey' live room she turn off the light and walk down the hallway to ashley' bedroom door . she peek in and see Ashley lie in bed . the love be obvious on she face . she continue down the hallway to ronnie 's recom . the door be crack and she peek inside . he 's lie in bed as well , the light be off . she stare , unsure what to do about he , then walk away . fade in text -- ' the voice of dr . tyler ! 22 the real dr . tyler ( v.o. ) I realize that ... for the first time as a mother , I become the enemy . I represent to he everything that be bad in life , and I also represent failure . ronnie open he eye as he mother walk away , then slowly close they again . abbey walk by another door , hesitates , then go back and open it . in the study . Abbey turn the light on revealing a rather large room with two desk and book everywhere . she walk over to will 's desk which be cover by papers , folder and book in a orderly fashion -- it 's as if it be still in use . a book catch she eye ... it have a bookmark stick out of one of it 's page ... mark a chapter title : sumerian . written on the bookmark be a name : awolowa odusami , and beneath it a phone number . kian beside the book sit a tape recorder . she consider it for '' a moment , and then press play . text -- archive audio her eye begin to well up . in abbey' bedroom she sit down on she bed , listen to the tape recorder . text -- ived audt recorded : 9-8-2009 source : wi yle , ictatic bs will 's voice be hear ... will ( tape recorder x 1 ex ! she pull the sheet around she , lie down and continue to listen . will ( tape recorder ) iti in the morning they be ashley daddy ? Abbey look over at Ashley at the door . abbey @ no sweetie , it 's a recording of daddy 's voice . hand outstretch , Ashley make she way to the bed and cuddle next to she mom . ashley if he come back would I be able to see again ? abbey honey he can not come back . ok ? he can not . you will be able to see again ... but you have to accept that he 's go . ashley I miss he . Abbey sigh and she eye well up . abbey I do too sweetheart . 7 sntinue '' lay e fade out : cuT to : 24 a snow owl sit in a tree , the morning light glint and sparkling off the ice coat branch around it . it flap its wing and fly , glide right over tyler' health and care . CUT to : in abbey' office Tommy lie on the couch , relaxed . Abbey sit in a chair beside he , the video camera be on a tripod and roll . text -- archive video recorded : 10-2-00 camera angle : looking at tommy from the waist up location : tyler' psychiatric care running timecode : 00:02:11 split screen archival / narrative footage occasionally abbey 20... 19 ... 18 ... she move she finger up over he head and he follow , and then he eye close a few moment later . abbey Tommy , can you hear I ? tommy ( vague , but focus ) yes. abbey ( softly ) Tommy ... when be the last time you have trouble sleep ? tommy last night . a moment pass . abbey do you see the owl ? tommy ( nod ) yeah . abbey ..- and what do it look like ? Tommy 's face contort , confuse . 25 abbey Tommy ? tommy I ...do not remember . abbey you do not remember what the owl look like ? tommy no ... I do not see the owl now . it 's not there any more . abbey do it fly away ? tommy no ... I think it 's ... I do not really remember it ... ever be there . timecode : 00:03:46 Tommy 's eye snap open but he 's still under hypnosis . his eye be glaze over , darting , wild with fear . tommy there 's someone outside my door . they be gonna open it ! his breathe increase , sweat start to form . ' tommy the door 's open ... he ' see ' what it be and he face bend and contort as he mouth slowly open wide and finally sound come out . tommy jesussssssss ! oh my GOD !!!! no - no - nononono ! abbey what 's wrong ? tommy nononono !!! aaaaahhhhhhh ! aaahhhhhh ! abbey Tommy - - Abbey reach towards he when he rear up suddenly , knock she back . shrieking at the top of he lung . he start kicking out with he leg repeatedly , frantically , still scream . abbey &. on the count of three you will return to conscious think ! tommy nonononono ! abbey one ... two ... Three ! Tommy climb back halfway out of frame and over the couch -- try to get away from whatever it be that he 's see -- and hit a coffee table hard , shatter it into a million piece . camera angle : he can still be see on video , just behind the e couch . timecode : 00:04:59 he sob like a little kid , curl up into a fetal position , hide he face , he hand bloody , smear it everywhere , still emit the most shrill , ear- pierce scream , as if he soul be be gouge out with a spoon . Abbey rush over and kneel next to he , snap she finger . abbey Tommy , it 's not happen ! it 's a memory ! come out of it ! theresa hurry into the room , concerned , barely recognize Tommy who 's be transformed by the hysterics . theresa t-tommy ? abbey it 's alright Tommy ... it 's alright . it 's not real . @ Tommy , adamant . tommy it be real . abbey what do you see ? he look around the room at the couch -- which have be shove a few foot back -- he see the shattered coffee table ... he eye hold no recollection of how it get that way . finally : tommy do I do all that ? abbey yeah you do , but it 's ok . ( beat ) what do you see ? Tommy look at she hard , intent ... then slowly shake he head . tommy it be ..... er nothing . abbey but you say you see something . tommy @ no ... I do not see anything . timecode : 00:06:02 he start to get up , stand out of frame . theresa I will call Sarah to pick you up -- tommy no -- I can -- I will drive myself . abbey please , Tommy . we be try to help . tommy then help I get out of this room -- I just need to get home . Abbey hold a moment , look at Tommy . there 's still this great sense of fear , circle he , clouding over .... tommy I be ok ... I be ok . aebey who be you try to convince ? I @ or you ? ( more ) 28 abbey ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) Tommy , do you see what 's be keep you up ? be it the owl ? Tommy move as though he skin be crawl . tommy I need to ... ( pause , can not bring himself to} can we talk about it next time ? abbey ( sigh , nod ) sure ... if you be ready by then . tommy ( nod ) iam . I will be . he point to the shattered coffee table . tommy do you need I to pay for -- Abbey wave that suggestion off . abbey @ no -- do not worry - - its fine . ~ and with that , Tommy hastily grab he jacket and walk cut of the office . Abbey close the door behind he , then lean back on it and let out a breath . she hold a moment , think , before crossing to she desk . abbey theresa could you get Tommy 's wife on the phone please . CUT to : in the interview room . the real dr . tyler that night at the game ... the - quarterback be not able to throw the ball to ronnie ... fcotball footage fade in left of frame create a split / screen with the interview room . in left frame : a football field be lit up by gigantic flood light as snow fall over the crowd and player . e it 's a full house -- everyone in nome be here . scoreboard : nome 0 , browerville 28 . a series of shot : the quarterback repeatedly miss he target , throw ball into the grass , out of bound , and over ronnie' head , who then get a helmet slammed into he chest . Abbey wince , Ashley be oblivious to what happen . abbey {to Ashley ) ronnie just get hit . in right frame : the real dr . tyler then I find out it be because they normal quarterback , timmy , be not there . she fall silent ... relive a moment , she face grow darker by the second . olatunde ( 0.s. ) why be that relevant ? the corner of she mouth begin to twitch again . the real dr . tyler he be ...uh ... Tommy 's son . in left frame : the light go out on the footbail field , and the image fade to black . in right frame : the video linger a moment on Abbey , then fade out . in the black a phone call be hear . text : archive audio recorded : 10-3-2000 , 2:34 am location : nome 911 emergency text of the dialogue scroll up the screen zg 3enc erat : ( phone ) wi . ! be y? 30 woman ( phone ) ( desperate whisper ) emergency operator ( phone ) 7 a meat emergency operator ( phone ) matam ? homan ( phone ) a gunshot gors ofp , . : udio ! oman emergency operator zat all available unit respond ( beg ) to shot fire 2323 aivik blease stop ! Street . suspect on premise , armed and with I ? man get over here ! woman ( phone ) dol be ? man ( phone ) ( crying ) 7 to ! ' u choice ! woman ? ne be 1 the phone . gen . .. ' be ? ' 2 they ! oq , e way . bold on ! CUT to : a police truck camera bounce chaotically as it show the house at 2323 aivik STREET . the image be dark , pixelate and black and white . text -- archive video recorded : 10-3-00 cop truck camera angle : wide shot of the house , pixelated black and white location : house address : 2323 aivik STREET . running timecode : 02:25:15 split screen archival / narrative footage as need muzzle flash can be see pop off through the window . in sheriff august' police truck , sheriff august [ alias ] , 45 , a man with a beard and chin length hair , he look like he 's fight animal in the wild and win . he drive intensely as he emergency siren flash . he 's yell into he cell phone . august cut in now and transfer I into that house ! the cop camera continue bounce roughly as the cop truck come to a stop , aim at the house . text -- archive audio recorded : 10- 3-00 , 2:31 am location : nome phone archive the phone ring in August 's ear . someone answer . man ( phone ) yeah . august ( phone ) Tommy ! ( soften he tone } what 's go on in there ? tommy ( phone ) August ? august yeah it 's I , 32 scream of he wife and child can be hear over the phone . >» timecode : 02:26:07 7 august t 4 iv 5 she up here . ol n : 2 august damn it ! August speed dial . dispatch ( phone ) - . august transfer I to Abbey Tyler cuT to : abbey' phone ring in she bedroom , waking she up . she answer it . abbey hello ? august ( phone ) I need you down here now ! abbey August ? august Tommy 's go crazy ! he 's ask for you -- he 's get he family hostage ! Abbey snap wide awake -- CUT to : in front of tommy' house Abbey pull up next to the cop truck and get out . August meet she at she door , he hand cover a cell phone . august he 's get Sarah , timothy , and Joe line up in the kitchen with a gun to they head . August point to the kitchen , and Abbey can see all @ three of they , 33 sarah ( 36 ) , timothy ( 15 ) , and little joe ( 5 ) . timecode : 04:01:07 Tommy have a gun point at they with one hand , and the other on the house phone . he yell through the window . audioc , video archive , interview and narrative material be used simultaneously with multiple split / screen . cop cam footage fade in to the top left frame : show Abbey from behind , and Tommy 's house in front of she in the background . another cop camera fade in to the bottom left frame : show Abbey from the side , and all the cop truck . the bottom right frame : contain the narrative footage . all this frame constantly fade in and out and grow in size -- larger or smaller contingent on emphasis . tommy ( phone ) Abbey ! in the top right frame : in interview room the real dr . tyler it be completely ... surreal . to be there in the middle of the night ... with all that police truck ... in top left frame : shock by what she see , abbey take the phone from August . abbey Tommy ... what 's happen here ? -- digitally zoom into tommy and he family -- tommy ' ' ! abbey do what ? tommy -I -- ' have in bottom left frame : abbey there ' wi tr 34 tommy not this time , in top left frame : ~- digitally zoom into tommy and he family -- i he i fi t . sarah joe please ! tommy ! tommy | daddy please stop ! abbey timecode : 04:02:02 tommy gonna see it again . abbey ( yeice shake ) Tommy ... Tommy ...okay , we be gonna talk for as long as we need to ... in bottom right frame : August jump on he radio -- augus now ! fficer ryan [ alias ] ( on radic ) officer gregory [ alias ] ( on radio ) ty : ething ! in top right frame : Abbey be cry , she voice be crack . the real dr . tyler ..- he be not listen to I ... and they be gonna kill he ... and ... in top left frame & bottom right : tommy do you know what _ ( he can barely pronounce it ) I e} 2 abbey august idid not _und -- can you anyone get a shot ! anyone ! repeat it ? es I will 36 wide OPEN | i -- joe daddy ! crack ! Joe be elung back against the kitchen wall , hitting it hard . and then Tommy turn the gun on he own head and fire , blowing a hole : hi 1 ft side of he face projecting a spray of bone and blood in top right frame : Dr. Tyler be cry harder . the real dr . tyler it be -- I could not believe -- I do a't understand how he could -- I would never -- she can not finish . in the other frame : august have vel u £ ww but then a officer grab her ba i ifti h ex uli she let out a_ 37 '' ww xr august ( on radio ) goddamn it ! they be all dead they be all go ... ( voice crack ) all_of they ... timecode : 04:04:37 fade out : fade in : nome police station -- interrogation room -- later . Abbey sit at a plain table across from sheriff August . she 's pale and she hair be stringy and unkempt -- August have large circle under red eye -- they have be through the worst night of they life . a recorder rest on the table , recording . text -- audio recording recorded : 10.3.00 , 4:45 am location : nome police station she grind she tooth , rub she forehead . transition from archive audio to narrative audio abbey yeah . august so he be under hypnosis and that 's when he see what he see ? Father comit murder - suicide by kate Ripple fairbank daity News nome , Alaska - Tommy Fisher murder bis wife and two child before commit suicide yesterday night at approximately 3:30 am , follow several hour of hostage neg - atiation . authority have yet to determine rote vation and no eat be leave behind . neighbor have comment that Tommy fr- equently complain of insomia and have pay regolar visit to a psychiateist . homicide in nome be higher than the state average due to multiple unsolve murder and miss person case dating back to the 1960' , @ abbey yeah . august how do you know what he see be real ? she 's quiet a moment . abbey I do not know that it be . august so what you be tell I be that Tommy might have do all of this base on something that may not exist at all . abbey all I know , be that he believe what he see . and I see more fear in he eye than I have ever see in my life . august have you not hypnotize he , would he have do this thing ? abbey what do you mean ? august if you have not hypnotize he , would he have murder he family ? abbey that 's a ridiculous and offensive questi-- august -- what 's ridiculous and offensive be that a entire family be lie in the morgue from a murder suicide and the last meaningful contact the murderer have , be with you . abbey what happen last night would have manifest itself eventually . whatever it be it be something he would be suppress . in eleven year of practice I have never -- august -- why do not you notify we ? if you suspect that he be unstable , after a admittediy violent episode , in you presence , in you office -- 38 39 abbey -- when he leave he be perfectly coherent . JI call he wife and ask she to keep a eye on he . august and now she 's dead . Abbey rise to she foot , she eye blaze . abbey I be not gonna sit here -- august sit down . abbey -- and listen to you theory on how hypnosis induce murder -- august sit ! down ! abbey ~- cause this -- august I be try to figure out what cause one of the worst homicide in the history of nome -- abbey -- there 's something go on in this town that we do not understand . there 's something happen to people when they sleep -- august -- I deal in what I see , not hallucination . not vision in the ether , but real fiesh and blood thing , four of which be lie on slab next door -- Abbey slam she fist onto the table . abbey how dare you -- my husband be lie on that same goddamn slab , and you still have not find he killer -- august --what ? you know goddamn well what happen to will -- the case be close for Christ 's sake -- @ abbey no -- no -- you can not just file this thing away without get to what really happen . there be more unsclve murder and miss people in nome than any other city in Alaska - - three year of which have be under you watch ! whatever be happen in this town be real , be dangerous , and must be deal with ! August glare at she hard , then push stop on the recorder and stand up , tower over she . august as sheriff of this town I be warning you professionally . as a citizen and someone who grow up here , I be warning you personally . stop . whatever governmental study you be conduct , whatever you and you husband be after , be bring nothing but bad thing to a town that 's have enough . now if I decide to press , I could make you a accessory to a multiple homicide . I do not want that ... just like I do not want whatever you be do to continue . so , in fairness , let this be understand ... you have be warn . cut to : abbey' hand shake . she ball they up in a fist and hold they tight . she 's sit on she bedroom bed , and tear be roll silently down she face . fully clothed she lie down and curis into a little ball . she stay in that position , she eye darting back and forth ... think , think . fade in right frame : the interview room . the camera be closer now , framing Dr. Tyler in a close up . her eye be red from cry , but she cheek be now dry . the real dr . tyler you kncow ... at the time ... this be the worst day of my life ... no matter what I tell myself , no matter what excuse I come up with ... there be sc much guilt -- guilt cn tep of guilt . I already have ... I feel responsible @ for Tommy 's death -- and he family 's . ( more ) 41 the real dr . tyler ( cont 'd ) and at the time , after all that happen , I still do not know why he do it . right frame -- interview room : dissolves away full screen : Abbey reach over to she nightstand and grab she portable recorder which sit next to a picture of will . she check the tape in it then hit record . text -- archive audio recorded : 10-3-060 source : abbey' tape recorder location : abbey' bedroom abbey all _of the patient have report odose off ) bi . if ; . will the other feel the same way ? il} e £ 2 she dose off again , and then she eye flash open . abbey her eye close and she hand go limp . she start snore softly . CUT to : the morning SUN rise above nome , blaze ray off the snow and ice , and revealing a snow owl sit on a tree branch -~ it 's eye boring right into we . CUT to : cutside abbey' office , driveway . Light snow fall as Abbey drive up to find theresa talk quietly to someone unexpected -- Dr. abel campos . she kill the engine and get out . 42 abbey abel ? campos ... I hear what happen . I want to make sure you be ok . abbey you come all the way up here ? he open he arm wide and give she a warm hug . at first she resist and then relent while fight back tear . abbey ( sigh ) you do not have to , I be fine . campos you want to talk ? she pull away and dig in she purse . abbey I can not -- not now . theresa could you transcribe this for I ? she hand she the portable recorder , and start to head inside . theresa ( watch , inspect she ) do you want I to cancel you schedule -- abbey no-no - ~ theresa -- I be sure they will understand ... campos ..- Abbey ... she finally turn back around . campos how you feel ? abbey ( lie ) ready to get the day start . campos a lot 's happen . none of it good . you think maybe it 's time to take a step back , maybe consider a sabbatical . 43 abbey I love that word , it do not sound anything like what it actually mean , which be " time off . " campos then call it a " break . " abbey I do a lot of , think , a lot of soul search about ... what I be do here , about myself , will . she shake she head slowly . abbey I would have never , ever think , in a million year , that Tommy , would do what he do and wipe out he entire existence . campos ~- Abbey -- abbey -- nor would I have think , that I would be sit here as a widow when less than a month ago I be happily marry and raise two healthy child , one of which have now lose they sight as a result of all this ... campos ~- you need to step away ... for perspective -- clarity on what happen . you can not continue ~ - abbey -- no abel . TI can . and have to . that 's the only thing that 's still possible , within my power ... continue . find out what 's cause this . I do not believe that what happen to will and what happen to Tommy and he family be unrelated . I do not think that five people slain in a little over three week can be chalk up to simple coincidence -- especially in a town that have a history of death and disappearance . campos say nothing , stare at the snow . campos then would you mind if I stay on for a bit ? @ ( more ) 44 campos ( cont 'd ) kept a eye on you , since you do not seem too keen on do so yourself . Abbey can not help the tear , she embrace campos . he hold she fast . in abbey' office , later Abbey walk in to find Scott stracinsky and he wife cindy{alias ] ( 31 ) seat on the couch . Scott be clearly agitate , have trouble sit still . abbey good morning . scott hey . cindy ' Morning doctor . Abbey set she thing down and then sit in the chair next to they . they be clearly tense . Abbey do she best to ease into thing . abbey so ... lot to talk about . Scott , anxious , chomping at the bit . scottt ( almost blurt out ) what happen to Tommy ? abbey I can not really discuss another patient 's -- sscott -- he 's dead . you should be able to discuss everything ! Abbey relent a bit . abbey it be something -- I believe - - to do with he sleep habit . Cindy caress Scott 's shoulder . he be inconsolable . cindy we be really worried , obviously . it 's the second suicide in a month ... abbey I understand . 45 scott we want you to hypnotize I too . we need to know if there 's anything I be not remember . I feel like -- we feel like - ~- that the best thing to do be to face it . abbey tf you want to undergo that , it have to be do very delicately . {beat , then ) be it alright if I have Dr. campos come in to observe ? he 's a visit doctor that I trust , and I think we should have another pair of eye and ear in here . the couple look at each other and nod in agreement . scortt sure . CUT to : in abbey' office , later . Scott be hypnotized @ if on the couch , and Abbey be sit in a chair right next to he . text -- archive video recorded : 10~-3-00 , 10:26 am camera angle : over abbey' shoulder , looking from the waist up at scott source : abbey' video camera location : tyler psychiatric care running timecode : 00:01:35 split screen archival / narrative footage as need campos and Cindy sit behind a little distance away . the video camera be rolling . abbey when be the last time you have trouble sleep ? scott last night . abbey do you remember see anything @ unusual last night ? 46 he 's quiet for a moment . scott yes . abbey what do you see ? scott a owl . Abbey look over at campos . abbey tell I about the owl . scott its a white owl ... its eye be big , like ... I do not know , it do not look like a normal owl .... he trail off and stop , confusion cross he face . abbey Scott ? his head turn to the leave , then to the right , as if on string . scott there be no owl . he grow alarmed . scott honey , wake - up . do you hear that ? Scott push the couch on he leave side , as if try to wake up he wife . scott wake-up ! she 's not waking up . someone 's outside the door . then he freeze and suck in he breath hard and sharp , and he face contort in complete and absolute terror . he whimper and start to hide behind he hand . timecode : 00:02:46 abbey ' softly ) remember Scott , none of this be happen right now , ok ? tell I what you see . 47 scott ( whisper ) something 's out there . abbey can you see who it be ? scott not who , what . I know what they be . they come all the time , since I be little . abbey ' what ' be they ? sccott they be gonna open the door ... how would they get in without set off the alarm ? I armed it ! I know I do ! ( he shiver ) I think they only come when I think about they , I be not think about they tonight ! he put he hand together in prayer . scott we father which though in heaven , hallow be thy name , thy kingdom come , thy will be do -- give we this day we daily bread , forgive -- they be not go away ! then he jerk back violently and shriek ! sscott aahhhhhh ! noooo ! aahhhhhehh ! abbey on the count of three you be waking up ! one , two , three ! Scott give a final yell and then jump to he foot . he look around at they in complete SHOCK . timecode : 00:04:01 scott God ... he sink back to the couch , hold he stomach , then gag and throws up 48 all over the floor . Abbey rub he back , try to relax he . abbey it 's ok ... it 's ok ... scott ( ery ) it 's unbelievable . it do not make any sense ! abbey you do not have to rush . whenever you be ready you can tell we what you see . campos hand he a tissue and he wipe he mouth then start make strong gesture . scott ( harsh whisper ) Abbey ... this ... I see they . abbey who be they ? scott they be not from here . abbey what do you mean ? scott ( cry ) they be not from here , they do not look like you ! they do not look like we . they be tall , like six and a half foot , and really skinny , ( gesture to she ) like half as wide as you . and they skin be this - this -this beige color , like the color of a egg and they have get this gigantic head , that make a point in the back ... ( pause ) and they eye . they be black , and go huge -- he cup he hand together make a giant oval . Abbey can not disguise she disbelief , as she slowly pull away from he . scott and they be slant so they fit they head -- and I remember the smell -- like a-a - a putrid , cinnamon - - do you @ understand what I be say ? ( more ) 49 scott ( cont 'd ) ( sobbing ) and the worse part be the voice in my head -- cause they talk so you can hear they , but they also talk inside of you mind . like-like- like you be connect or something ... and then they take I away , to somewhere -- b- b- but I can not remember where , I - I - can not remember what they do to I .... I -- 7 he can not go on , convulse hard as he cry . and no one can even move to comfort he . his own wife Cindy , immobilize with fear and disbelief Abbey and campos exchange look -- what the hell be go on here ? abbey that will be enough for today . Cindy go over to she husband and hug he . cindy I be sorry ... abbey now , because of the circumstance I be go to have to inform sheriff August that we meet . that we have this session . cindy yes , yes , please do . Scott take a couple of deep breath , try to calm himself down . timecode : 00:06:57 scott ( to Abbey ) now I know why Tommy do what he do . abbey why ? scott you have to have see it . ( pause , wipe tear ) what it be . abbey and what be it ? es 50 scottt ..- the worst ... abbey of what ? scott nlook up at she ) ... anything you have ever see . a awkward moment . Abbey try to process the larger meaning when : cindy come on , let 's go home . Scott stand , step around the vomit . scott I be sorry -- abbey it 's ok -- scott -- if you need I to -- abbey -- do not worry about it , we will get it clean up --ok ? scott ( take a breath ) ... ok thanks . Scott walk out of she office , with Cindy 's help . Abbey glance over at campos who be still glue to he seat , he eye pin to she . campos what the hell be that ? timecode : 00:07:39 she walk over to the camera and switch it off . she sit on the couch and take a deep breath . abbey have you hear of abduction theory ? campos abduction ? like kidnapping ? abbey yeah , but ...no. abduction as in ... Abbey , lead he along . campos ' face suddenly fall . sl campos wait , like '' alien " ? alien abduction ? abbey I be pretty sure that 's what we just hear . campos , shaking he head in disbelief , disdain . abbey if you look at the statistic .. they be impressive . will be into that a little bit ... she trail off , recalling ... processing ... abbey he do a little research and find that there be ninety million people worldwide who have report see or know of someone who see a ufo since 1930 . campos ( dismissive ) the idea that any of that be real ... abbey come on abel , you be not go to take the classic scientific stance against something that boast ninety - million witness ? that many people win any court case in the world . campos there be just as many logical explanation and reason . weather balloon , atmospheric effect , optical illusion ... we have the deal in hard , empirical evidence , not -- pound - pound - pound --someone 's knock on the door . theresa barge into the room breathe hard , she eye wild , she manner unhinge . theresa you ' retapehaveyouheardyourtape !? abbey slow down , what 's wrong ? theresa you be tape -- the one you give I to - transcribe , have ycu listen to it ? abbey @ what be it ? in the office lobby , moment later . theresa grab the portable recorder off she desk and hit rewind . Abbey and campos stand next to she . Abbey look deeply concerned ... and a little scared . theresa I do not know what it be , what 's go on . I be just go to hit play okay ? ( pause , look back at Abbey ) I do not want to hear it again . theresa hit play and then hurry out of the room . text -- archive audio recorded :_10-3-00 source : abbey' tape recorder location : abbey' tape recorder abbey ( tape recorder ) ..- Abbey , listen to herself from the previous night , lean in closer ... abbey we will - oce witt . . fi main lain . wi mi ike wi ic ... . whi a wi £ i tl vi egi bi ww and develop into a soft snore a 1 ] cord . ly linki note to reader : at this point the recording become ine cably worse . W lll + i be gi L. but wy ttc sly ni oo ie snoxri sn y i h ne Cj akin oc ) hear open m -- campos what - the-hell ... E footste patter on she wooden floor . 's in deep breath | m ss scream ! 11 ! al the top of her lung ! 7 you th _- abbey ( tape recorder ) aliiiiiiiiiiiit iiit tit iit rir bed sheet rustle violently as she thrashes back and forth . abbey ( tape recorder ) aliiiiiiiiii iiit III iii ire ) a . shrieking , abbey ( tape recorder ) o ez ret ! mama ! ellie i tr t I L L ilii L ! Abbey start backing away from the tape reccrder , horrified -- 53 54 she do not understand , can not comprehend she voice do this thing . abbey ( tape recorder ) aaa 7 IL : then_a low metalic almmma ron . c. vyorice for wei N _- alien voice ( tape recorder ) 2 E , it a -- alien voice ( tape recorder ) igi kar ... a e... sal FL y~= alien voice ( tape recorder ) zig . ..kae .. . sug , sag gu then a_ heavy rustling i xr ! ing ecome ore distant -- ! ll he '' ' hy . her at silence play on the recorder , and then it reach the end he m ick '' fe they continue to stare at it for several moment . no one move . campos 's eye rotate up and lock on Abbey . 55 but Abbey 's eye remain glue to the recorder . she let out a whimper and then grab the tape recorder with both hand and physically try to crush it , shaking uncontrollably with the effort . abbey aaahhhggggg ! -- freeze frame -- -- zoom in to her face -- olatunde ( v.0 . ) what be you think ? match CUT her face tg : the interview room . the real Dr. Tyler cry as the corner of she mouth twitches uncontrollably . the tape recorder be in olatunde 's hand ... and she scream can be hear . he hit stop and rewind . the real dr . tyler that 's my voice on there . that 's I -- and when you hear yourself do something you have no previous recollection of do -- it 's scary -- it 's terrifying . ( she 's forceful ) I have never scream lixe that before -- my voice do not -- I have never - - ever , even ... clatunde after you hear it ... do you ... remember it happen ? > @ the real dr . tyler oh God yes . emoticnally I be ... after the initial shock , I be in denial -- it could not be I -- my voice -- the scientist in I want -- need -- another explanation . I go through what I could hold onte , which be the fact . fade in abbey' narrative footage left of frame split / screen in left frame : Abbey be sit uncomfortably at the edge of she bed , listen to the portable recorder . behind she the comforter be intertwined with the bed sheet -- it 's a complete mess . in right frame : olatunde hit play , and we hear Dr. Tyler snore softly ... the real dr . tyler ( take a breath ) so ... I go home ... to try and recount what happen during the recording . I be sleep in my bed ... wnon my door open . - we hear the door creak open on the recorder ... in left frame : Abbey look up at the door , and the blackness beyond . in right frame : we hear the sound of foot against wood fear contort Dr. Tyler 's face . the real dr . tyler and ... ( emotional ) . someone -- or something come in my room ... that be not suppcse to be there . in left frame : Abbey grab the bed sheet in she fist as she look down at the wooden floorboard . in right frame : on the recording we hear Abbey take in a sharp breath , and then she scream at the top of she lung . we hear the metallic organic voice cver she scream the real dr . tyler something be there -- something -- there , inside the room with I -- right next to I . whimper } and I do not know what it be . why 1t come -- ( more ) the real dr . tyler ( cont ' D} ( quietly ) -- what it be go tc do to I . in left frame : Abbey grab the sheet and slowly pull they closer to she as she look back at she open door . in right frame : the real dr . tyler and then ... ( choke up ) whatever it be -- it grab I -- and I fight it , but it be too strong . in left frame : Abbey slam the bed sheet down over and over , let out all of she frustration . in right frame : the real dr . tyler and it take I away ... as we hear she be h ; ly di take away ... and Sage ee nie sonad can be hear . the real dr . tyler you know ... the moment it become ... too real .. be when I look down at the floorboard ... in left frame : Abbey get on she hand and knee between the bed and the door , and see slight scratch in the wooden floor . in right frame : the real dr . tyler .and I see scratch in the floor ... lead all the way to the door . she shake she head and she mouth twitches . the real dr . tyler be that there before ? or do I do that -- when they be drag I ? be I try to claw my way back ? in left frame : Abbey look at she nail . in right frame : 58 the real dr . tyler but I uh -- you know -- I put myself back together . I be determine to know , to figure out what it be -- her eye harden . the real dr . tyler -- what come in my reom -- what it be say - - where it tock I -- and what it do to I . I listen to that tape over and over . ( crack ) it be hard ... but I do it . to find anything , something to explain ... what it be . 4 split / screen dissolve in each screen grow larger or smaller and rotate position in a collage of movement depend on which one need the most emphasis . in top left frame : Abbey hit play on the tape recorder and listen to the tape in bottom left frame : the tape recorder fill the entire frame as it play . in top right frame : Abbey can barely listen to she scream , bite she lip harder and harder ... in bottom right frame : we see she entire room , as she listen . the 4 frame rotate position , move counter clock wise as Abbey rewind and play the tape again , while write note down , try to decipher what it be she 's hearing --~ as she rewind back , all the image of abbey simultaneously rewind as well , and then play as she listen to she scream and the voice again . 59 in bottom left frame : Abbey 's pen write down phonetic syllable of what 's be say . the 3 other frame rewind again then play while the bottom left frame : Plays normally , and she pen continue to write down syllable . in top right frame : Abbey shake she head -- they do not make sense . they rewind again and again and again , then pause . in bottom right frame : CUT to -- the interview room . the real dr . tyler it be not Latin - - be not Greek - - it be not any language I have hear before . but I feel it be ... the key to everything that be happen ... to I to will and everyone else in nome - - if I could decipher what -- it be say . cur to : full screen : in the interview room . olatunde why do not you take it to a linguistic or a phonetics specialist ? the real dr . tyler I want to -- to take it to the college but ... that be my voice on the tape -- I mean ... ( search . for word ) something like that would of destroy my reputation in a heartbeat . doctor -~-- scientist work to maintain a safe detachment from this type of thing because of that reputation . since I have come out I can not possibly explain to you the ridicule I have endure -- her voice crack -- she can not finish . the real dr . tyler so at the time , I need someone outside of the ccmmunity who would not know I ... <n % @ 60 fade in abbey' narrative footage in left frame . in left frame : Abbey sit at will 's desk in they study . in right frame : the real dr . tyler then I find exactly what I be look for . in left frame : she pick up the book ( title blurred at writer request . this book focus on dead language ] the author can be see -- [ name omitted at writer request . his alias be awolowa odusami .] his photo be on the cover flap - - a sharp look nigerian man in he mid thirty [ photo blurred . ] she turn to the book mark page with the sumerian head . her finger travel down the bookmark , pass he name and stop on the scribble write of he phone number . in right frame : the real dr . tyler someone will must have contact . a linguist who be one of the best in the world . he 's a professor on sabbatical out of ( university omitted ] in Canada . fade out right frame . left frame fill entire screen . Abbey pick up the phone -- hesitates ...... then dial -- it ring ... man' voice ( phone ) hello ? abbey ( swallow ) hello be ... ( can barely pronounce ) ... Doctor a-w-olowa there ? awolowa ' phone ) this be he . abbey ... be you familiar with a man by the name of Dr. William Tyler ? awolowa / phone ) asbey oh ... ok -- well ... thank you -- 61 awolowa ( phone ) May I ask who 's speak ? abbey I be uh ...uh ... awolowa ( phone ) .. work for the CIA ? abbey .no ... do you ? awolowa ( phone ) yes . abbey Excuse I ? awolowa ( phone ) ( chuckle ) I be kid . what be you -- she hang -- stare at the phone as if it be a snake . the phone ring -- and she know who it be , who it have to be . abbey hello ...? a awolowa ( phone ) @. but there be a man who call from this number ... he call himself John . abbey there 's no John here . awolowa ( phone ) exactly ... abbey what do he ... why do he call you ? awolowa ( phone ) he want a history lesson ... on ancient language . Abbey absorb this , take it in -- make a decision -- abbey ... look I uh -- that man you talk to ...?... he be ... murder and uh ... I need you to hear I out ... the real dr . tyler ( v.o . ) docter [ name omitted ] listen to I ... he do not judge I -- or try and @ ( more ) 62 the real dr . tyler ( v.o.} ( cont 'd ) analyze I ... he just listen ... and then he fly up to nome ... CUT to black : CUT to : in the left frame : a cold blue SUN rise over nome , ignite the snow white horizon with the light of dawn . in the middle frame : the sun rise again , turn the frame from black to bright blue as the sun caress the horizon . in the right frame : a third time it rise , and then all the frame join as one , create one SUN that shine incredibly bright . dissolve to white : falling snow slowly dissolves in , hide something ... then a eye open , the gigantic yellow eye of a owl , and then slowly , it close , disappear from sight . dissolve to white : over white , we hear awolcwa 's voice -- awolowa { ( 0.s. ) I think it be akkadian but it 's not , it 's sumerian ... I be sure of it -- it 's widely consider by my peer to be the " Holy grail " of dead language -- but we still have not decipher the entire lexicon -- we hear the click of a tape recorder start ... and the man' voice be hear ... double the voice on Abbey 's recording , his pronunciation be close -- but not perfect . 63 text -- archive audio recorded :_i10-3-00 source : abbey' tape recorder . location : abbey' office voice ( 0.s. ) awolowa ( 0.s. ) nen N e.ne.ne ... me.na -.am .. m , . it. me.en.de.en ki.ulutim . as they speak they word move towards we out of the white , as if they be specter drift out of fog . text fade in -- £.ne.ne ud.me.da me.en.de.en ki.ulutim . awolowa ( 0.s. } " we creation " -- be the last two word , do not know the first two -- voice ( 0.s.} awolowa ( 0.s. ) igi kar ... ae ... sa ... igi kar ...ae ...8a ... text dissolves in : igi kar a E sa awolowa ( 0.s . ) " examine " -- be the first word . voice ( 0.s. ) awolowa ( 0.s. ) zig ... kae ... sug . zag gu . ie ...kae ... sug.zag gu . text dissolves to : zig a E sug . zag gu awolowa ( 0.s. ) the last word be , " ruin " or ... " destroy . " text fade out dissolve to : a mouth move as we pull back from it revealing awolowa odusami a nigerian man in he early 40' , with a full head of hair , and a neatly - trim beard . he 's sit in abbey' office with Abbey and campos . Abbey be absolutely floor , campos slowly shake he head . awolowa " we creation . " " examine . " " ruin " or '' destroy . '' abbey ruin ? destroy ? who ? -- he hold 64 awolowa it 's a incomplete translation - - we do not know for sure what 's be say . abbey whatever it say ... sound aggressive . campos ( can not process ) this be not make sense . awolowa if this be authentic , then it 's the first ever verbalize recording of the sumerian language . we be talk about the oldest language in human history -- up the tape recorder -- awolowa -- with a key on how to speak it . abbey but what be happen in my room ? what be be do to I ? awolowa what 's unsettle .. be that whatever it be ... it 's vocal ... it do not sound ....... ordinary ... abbey you mean human ? campos stop. stop. stop . let 's not fuel any more of this fire . ( to awolowa ) there 's any number of reason for the distortion in that voice . awolowa I be not jump to conclusion , but she voice sound fine . campos the tape could have be record over and part of the old recording be still hear -- abbey I do not recycle tape . campos well maybe you do this time ! awolowa that still do not explain why that voice be speak a language that pre-date egyptian hieroglyphics . campos can not respond . awolowa I have research the sumerian civilization for the last fifteen year of my life ... and the thing I have find in -~ in relation to this issue - - be intrigue . as awolowa talk archival image flash across the screen -- awolowa you can go into any sumerian exhibit and see what I be about to tell you . drawing of rocket -- like Apollo - - launching into the sky . image 1 : a drawing of sumerian in ceremony as behind they a rocket launch into the sky . image 2 : a drawing of mountain and two rccket towering over they . awolowa @ etching and sculpture of man in = spacesuit , and what look like oxygen mask . image 3 : a drawing of a man wearing a spacesuit and a oxygen mask . image 4 : a sculpture of a man in a spacesuit and mask awolowa all of this art be create in four - thousand b.c. ( emphasis ) four-thousand year before Christ walk the earth . image 5 : page cf cunieform writing next to biblical text of genesis and noah's ark . awolowa Genesis , noah 's ark - - to name a few . both of this storey exist in sumer six thousand year before the Bible be write . Genesis come from the the sumerian Epic of creation . noah 's ark come from the sumerian 's deluge . @ ( more ) 66 awolowa ( cont 'd ) the alien - God legend have it 's basis , it 's origin , in sumerian history . astounded they look at awolowa , try to process the flood of information . the phone be ringing but no one hear it . awolowa you can find everything I have describe in a museum right now . campos bullshit . awolowa and you be entitle to that reaction . I state from the beginning that I would draw no conclusion , I be give fact . proof , from thousand of year of data collection and research . campos turn to Abbey . campos it 's one thing to entertain a wild theory , it 's quite another to invest in it . you honestly believe you be forcibly take from you bedroom by member of a alien race ? Abbey , flummox , frustrated . the phone continue to ring incessantly . Abbey reach over wearily , pick up the receiver . abbey ( she listen ) Cindy ? sweetie , take a breath and try and calm down . do you think he 's a threat to you , or to himself ? Abbey eye lock on campos . abbey good , where be he ? ok , ok . just stay there . do not call the police . not yet . CUT to : outside a two story brown house . snow fall as the volve pull into the driveway , and the three of they hurriedly get out of the car and walk up to the door . Abbey knock , and Cindy answer . her eye fall questioningly on awolowa . abbey this be Dr. odusami . he 's here to help . awolowa good morning . she nod -- too impatient to argue . cindy come in . they walk in scott' house and follow Cindy down a hallway and into the master bedroom where Scott be lie in bed . his skin be pale and clammy -- this man be not well . abbey @ Scott ? - scott what take you so long ? abbey I be sorry I get here as fast as I could . scott last night be -- be -- he 's on the verge of tear , she put a hand on he shoulder . abbey calm down ... it 's ok . scott calm down ? abbey Scott ? scott how can I -- y - y- you d-dce not -- abbey @ Scott ! 68 his tooth clench , air push through they like he 's hyper - ventilate . abbey I be here now ... alright ? take you time ... breathe for I , just try to keep yourself calm , I will not be able to help you if you be work up . he swallow , bite back a flow of tear that seem to have sprung from nowhere . scott -.- I do not want to talk about it but I have to . I have to , ihaveto - ihaveto ... abbey I be gonna set up the camera , alright ? Scott no , I do not need anyon -- I do not want this get out or -- abbey -- Scott , I need to make a record of this , I need to record you session for study , so we can find out what 's go on with you . a reluctant Scott nod and campos set - up the camera on the tripod . scott it do not want to go under . abbey then let 's not do that . you relay as much as you can remember . scott there 's thing ... that I - i- I h-have to remember ... but I can not , without ... abbey Scott , I can put you under a very light hypnosis , if you be worried about ... scott I have to -- I have to remember , I have to get this out of my head , it feel like it 's just dig in there . I can not think straight anymore . ( long pause , sigh ) @ [ --i -- fine ... do it . 62 Abbey study he carefully -- then look at campos who look right back . @ CUT to : title -~ archive video recorded : 10 - 4-00 , 11:01 am source : abbey' video recorder camera angle : two shot of scott in bed and abbey sitting in chair beside he location : scott stracinsky's house running timecode : 00:08:03 Scott 's eye be close , he 's relaxed , a unbelievable contrast from earlier . Abbey be sit next to he on the far side of the bed away from the camera . abbey ( soothingly ) eight , seven , six , relax ... there 's a lot of people in the room with you now ... you be not alone ...relax ... ... relax ... by the time I reach one , you will be asleep ... five ..- four ... Three ... two ... one . Scott slump in he bed and be quiet . the three look at each other -- what next ? of @ timecode : 00:08:25 Scott 's mouth snap open impossibly wide , impossibly large -- and a low metallic yet organic wail project outward into the room , pierce they ear . the video image twist , distort , and roll into nonsensical bar of chaos . it be impossible to decipher anything . { note to reader : electromagnetic interference ( emi ) scrambled the image beyond any recognizability . the SOUND be rough and full of static , but can still be understood ] ( note : " -------- " mean the audio be too distort or be untranslatable by the sumerian expert . ] timecode : 00:08:41 ] 70 rolling bar of distortion be all that can be see . the rustling of bed sheet can be hear ... ... and then a heavily accented metalic voice speak forth with : abbeye tylerey . a_woman shriek and be hear run out of the room . alien voice abbeyea eliizabethhay tylereyh . DI ! alien voice wee een " a AG su mu , " ------ " gu.e . timecode : 00:09 :17 scott lie crumpled in the bed , completely limp and unconscious . off screen , Abbey , awolowa and campos can be hear crying i => eryi h timecode : 00:09:55 -- freeze frame -- -- zoom in until image pixilate -- ... as we hear a chorus of SOUND ... slowly zoom out of pixilation ... solve to : U 4 with the interview room . they sit in the stillness , in the quietness of the room . Dr. Tyler 's eye be red , and she cheek puffy . abbey . God . olatunde I have something you have never see before . and I would like to show it to you . abbey ( hesitant ) ... be it ..? olatunde something that might upset you , yes . a moment . Dr Tyler consider this . olatunde footage that you give I -- restore footage - - of what happen in [ name withheld ] room . Dr. Tyler 's brow furrow . the real dr . tyler restore ? olatunde we translate it , and we engineer be able to minimize the effect of the electromagnetic interference . and if you look carefully , you can actually see a little bit of what happen . she 's quiet a moment , then slowly start to shake she head . the real dr . tyler I -- I can not watch it . olatunde I just want to play -- the real dr . tyler there 's no reascn for I to -- I can not relive it . olatunde I think if you cculd walk we through like you do with the audio recor -- @ 72 the real dr . tyler I say no . a intelligible male voice be hear off camera . olatunde look towards the voice . olatunde I want the audience to be able to experience it with she - - so they know what it be like -- so they can feel what she go through at the time . be that -- the voice interrupt , utter something unintelligible . olatunde ( to voice ) that 's all . we only do it once . ( to Abbey ) be that ok with you ? the male voice speak again and Dr. Tyler turn she head awkwardly to look at he , and then back to olatunde and nod . abbey ( sigh ) ok . olatunde thank you . ( to Abbey ) thank you for agree to this . olatunde indicate a monitor to the right of where he sit . olatunde alright ... here 's the restore footage . Dr. Tyler sigh and neds . split screen : interview on right / restore footage on left in left frame : title -- archive video recorded : 10 - 4-00 , 11:01 am source : abbey' video recorder camera angle : two shot of scott in bed , and abbey sitting in chair beside he location : scott stracinsky's house running timecode : 00:08:14 Scott 's eye be close , he 's relaxed , a unbelievable contrast from earlier . Abbey be sit next to he on the far side of the bed away from the camera . abbey ( soothingly ) eight , seven , six , relax ... there 's a lot of people in the room with you now ... you be not alone ...relax ... ... relax ... by the time I reach one , you will be asleep ... five ... four ... Three ... two ... one . Scott slump in he bed and be quiet . the three look at each other -- what next ? timecode : 00:08:25 Scott 's mouth snap open impossibly wide , impossibly large -- anda low metallic yet organic wail project outward into the room , hurt they ear . in right frame : Dr. Tyler be breathe harder and harder , approach hyperventilation . in left frame : the video image twist , distort , and roll into nonsensical bar of chaos . however this time due to the manipulation of we engineer , a warped , twisted image can be see , and barely deciphered in the middle portion of the chaos : timecode : 00:08:41 through the grain and distortion , Scott sit up too fast , eerily fast , and he head start to rotate unnaturally to the right , away from the camera , while he torso remain point straight ahead . the head be turning farther than a human head should , until he seem to be look right at Abbey . this be no longer scott . 74 [ note : " -------- " mean the audio be too distort to be decipher , or unable to be translate by the sumerian expert . ) he mouth open again ... ..- and a heavily accented metalic voice . speak forth with : alien voice alien voice ( subtitles ) nem be ena nen " abbeye tylerey . -- " abbey tyler . paralyze with fear where she sit , Abbey can say nothing . Cindy shriek and can be hear run out of the room . in right frame : Dr. Tyler break down and cry . the real dr . tyler oh my God ...oh God ! in left frame : alien voice alien voice ( subtitles ) abbeyea eliizabethhay abbey elizabeth tyler . tylereyh . DI ! respond ! Abbey can not move , total and unbridle terror control she . abbey ( mumble ) deliver we from evil , for thine be the kingdom , and the power -- alien voice alien voice ( subtitles ) ees " su mu , " --- -- " no -------- " no need to GU.E. pray , I " -------- " am here . panicked , Abbey push the chair backwards into the wall behind she - - and through the distortion , we can barely make out scott be body jittering , spasiming , unnaturally , violently as if be jerk around by puppeteer string from above , move like a demonize flesh toy . in right frame : Dr. Tyler scream and scream . she close she eye and lock away from the moniter . 75 she 's try to talk , try to say something , but everything come out as a whimper . @ in left frame : Abbey stagger out of she chair , away from the bed , practically off screen . timecode : 00:09:17 the light flicker maddeningly , strobe like , burning they eye . alien voice alien voice end the " ------- " study a.t --- 5 - " al.la . " ----- " ale wane ane " ry scott' body go limp and crumple back into the bed . off screen , aw : wi -- and_cry hard . > timecode : 00:09:55 @ in right frame : Dr. Tyler shake she head and cry , suck in huge intake of air before each scb . she try to say something but can not , fall apart and continue to cry violently . fade to black : cur to : in abbey' bedroom she suitcase be out and she 's frantically stuff clothes into it as ronnie and Ashley watch in disbelief . the house phone ring incessantly . ronnie but where be we go ? abbey North Carolina . ashley North Carolina ? @ ronnie what 's in North Carolina ? abbey we by tomorrow . ronnie look at she incredulously -- she 's serious . ronnie but I have a game tomorrow ! Abbey point at he . abbey pack , you bag . he can not believe this . the phone stop ringing , then start again - - he pick it up . ronnie ( to phone ) hello ? ashley mommy ? abbey yes sweetheart . ashley what 's wrong ? abbey nothing baby , we be just gonna take a little break . i'1i help you pack in a second . ronnie ( to Abbey ) it 's abel . abbey T will call he back . ronnie , ( to phone ) she will call you back . ( listen , to Abbey ) he say he have to talk to you . abbey ( snap ) I will call he back ! - ronnie @ {to phone ) you hear that . 77 he hang up . ronnie he 's come over . Abbey sigh , and slam a wad of clothes into another suitcase . ashley be we go to see grandma and grandpa ? abbey no honey . they be not here anymore , remember ? ashley yeah , they be with daddy . I mean grandpa and grandma lilly . Abbey sigh deeply . the phone ring again . abbey we be not see they either . ashley why not ? abbey pe ' Cause they do not talk to I anymore . @ ashley why ? abbey ( snap ) go to you room and pack . ashley ok . Ashley turn and fumble out of the room , Abbey watch she ge , wishing she have not snap at she . ronnie it 's ' cause of dad , huh ? Abbey do not respond as red and blue light flash through she window . ronnie look outside . ronnie Mom ... what. do you do ? aebey rush into she live room -- someone be founding on the front door . & 78 abbey hold on ! she open the door , and August charge right in , follow by three deputy include deputy ryan [ alias ] , 32 , bearded . August approach she and launch a assault -- august what happen to Scott stracinsky ? abbey I do not do anyth -- august he 's paralyze from the neck down ! Three of the vertebrate in he neck be completely severe ! abbey he 's para - -? august yes goddamn it ! abbey I do not know -- I do not know -- august you be there -- tell I what happen ! abbey but it be not - - he be say thing . he be say - - he be -- august how would he brake he back ? abbey I can not explain it -- it 's -- august you will explain it now ! abbey s-- something be inside of he , and -- and it twisted he body -- a - and that 's probably what do it . it be -- it be -- she 's at a loss for word ... August be very still , very rational -- but he eye be fire into she like the bullet of a ax - 47 . 79 august ( quietly ) something be inside of he . it twisted he body . it take she a moment to answer -- abbey ( pain ) yes . august and you have proof of this . abbey it do not record , it 's all distort -- the rage drain from August ... august Abbey ...how the hell do you expect I ... .. and be replace by sorrow ... august ..- how in God 's name be I suppose to believe this ? abbey I know what I see ... august I know you just lose will , and I be sorry about Ashley - - my heart go out to you -- it do . but you have to understand that what you be do be hurt people , aorribly . it 's time you face the reality at hand . know I do not want to do this , but you have force we to this situation . August move , put he hand on she . abbey what ? as he turn she around and begin tc handcuff she . august you have the right to remain silent . abbey what be you do ? august anything you say or do can and will be use against you in a court of law . the deputy move towards she . abbey sheriff ... August ... august you have the right to a attorney abbey please . august tf you can not afford a attorney , one - will be appoint for you . abbey you can not take I away from my child . ( beg ) August ... campos ( 0.s. ) August ! campos hurry into the room , panting , out of breath . step up to the sheriff . campos I know what it look like -- but I be there , see it with my own eye . august saw what ? campos he-~he --scott -- 80 he campos can not find word that make sense , he look at Abbey then back at August . august ( to deputy -- no patience ) get he out of my sight . the deputy grab campos and pull he back . campos I watch you grow up with she -- both of you , in this town -- together . you know she father -- you know she family ! ( morb ) campos ( cont 'd ) she commit no physical harm to that man-- never touch he ! she 's not capable of it ! august T do not know what -- campos you know she ! you know she could not ! what 's happen in nome be terrifying -- I know it be -- but whatever you do , you can not -- you can net arrest she because of something you do not understand -- because you terrify ! august goddamn it man--! campos you be take she from she child ! for they sake , leave she be ! August look from ronnie to Ashley -- see they for the first time . he run a hand through he hair -- it shake betray nerve , indecision . abbey os please ... @. campos do not do it . august ( sigh ) I be put you under house arrest . ( a breath , not meeting she eye ) you will be under twenty - four hour supervision and be not allow to leave this premise . campos , you be come with I . August grab campos by the arm and stride out of the house with he deputy , leave Abbey and she child alone . ronnie look at she as if she be mad , he 's at a complete loss for word . ashley mommy ? be you ok ? fade in text -- the voice of dr . tyler the real dr . tyler { v.0 . ) ( shaky ) sometimes ... when I care for a patient ... I realize they be different from all the other ... ccut to : outside abbey' house the cop truck crush snow as they drive away from the house . the real dr . tyler ( v.o. ) it 's a ... it 's a shock every time -- as if I be see it for the first time ... a way down the road , deputy ryan's cop truck make a U - turn away from the other truck , and pulis off to the side of the road , face Abbey 's house . in deputy ryan's cop truck . deputy Ryan turn off he truck , from here he can see she entire house with ease . he grab he radio mic . ryan this be Ryan sir , I be station in front of the Tyler home . august ( on radio ) Roger that , you be out there ail night Ryan . Ryan sigh . august ( on radio ) she so much as open that front door , you arrest she . and do not request anything from she . order it . clear ? ryan copy that , sir . CUT to : the interview room . Abbey 's eye be blcodshot , tear rim the bottom of each eye . her cheek be puffy and red . the real dr . tyler ... you see it in they eye , in they mannerism . you can tell by what they be say , that something be not right . ( more ) 83 the real dr . tyler ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) and then all of a sudden you realize that the person sit across from you be insane . ( breath ) I become that person ... to everyone else -- they think -- they think I be insane . and the thing be ...how can I blame they ? what I be say be -- be ... I wish I have make it all up . because at least that way , I could walk away -- with all che thing that I lose -- ( she grow more emotional ) -- and I could continue to live my life ... but I can not . ( quietly ) ' Cause ... ' cause , I do not make up any of it . olacunde nod , understanding . fade in left split / screen , upper & lower frame thre real dr . tyler and ... then uk ... campos and awolowa be both question ... by August ... left lower frame : August question awolowa , who glare at the sheriff . left upper frame : August interrogates campos , tower over he as he verbally attack he . in right frame : the real dr . tyler campos remind he about the disappearance , and --~ olatunde what about they ? the real dr , tyler homicide , miss people , dozen of they . it 's be go on here since the 1960' and the FBI have be drepping in from time to time . clatunde what do they find ? the real dr . tyler nothing ... it 's inconclusive . to this day nothing 's be sclve . olatunde you mention the situation date back some time , 1960' , that 's forty year . the real dr . tyler ... there 's a lot of government activity up here ... I mean , they have a couple of Blue bock case back then toc ... olatunde be write all of this down . olatunde what do you think all this mean ? how do you put it in perspective ? the real dr . tyler they have category for this type of thing -- different level -- olatunde -- explain ... the real dr . tyler a encounter of the first kind ... that 's when you see a ufo . the second kind ? it 's when you see evidence of it , crop circle -- radiation ... third kind be when you see a alien . but the fourth kind ... there 's nothing more frightening than the fourth ... you see , that one 's when they abduct you . she look at olatunde hard . the real dr . tyler I think it 's ail part of the same thing , it 's all connect ...to will -- the miss pecple -- to everything in nome . ( she mouth twitches ) you see ... this kind of thing ... what 's happen to nome -- to I ?... I think it 's happen to other people ... not just there ... but all over the world ... in town , city -- most of they do not even know it . olatunde know they be abduct ? the real dr . tyler how could they kncw ? ( more ) b84 85 the real dr . tyler ( cont 'd ) how could they remember what they be be force to forget ? unless they have help . ( forceful ) and I try to give that help to as many people as I could -- no matter what they say about I -- I try and maybe fail , but I do try . this float in the air a couple second . olatunde so what happen with the sheriff 's interview of campos and awolowa ? the real dr . tyler August tell they to stay away from I -- and I tell they to go back home ~ - so I would not ... drag they into this any further but ... they -- uh -- they tell I they be not leave until they be sure I be alright . but that night just get worse ... CUT to black : fade in : 3:33 am be the time on deputy Ryan 's dashboard as he snore . and then he wake up . for a moment he stare straight ahead , and then he start look around frantically as if he miss something , but there 's nothing . he rub he head and set he head back against the headrest -- at that moment he see 's it , just under he rear view mirror , out the window , and above Abbey 's home . ryan what the hell ? text -- archive video recorded : 10 - 5-00 , 3:01 am camera angle : looking down the road at abbey' house which be in the distance quality : black & white , pixilate source : deputy ryan's patrol truck camera location : in front of abbey' house running timecode : 05:57:53 the image twist and bend as what appear to be '' i eae ' somatvanoit + i 29 _ fenda raxtograk . wibam } yfew mate suaiw i he want peapie the fe tak ea tense breed feed , fier for indus cone hey we wak olena . t anengesik 86 something large move over Abbey 's house , and then the video completely distort and become absolutely unwatchable . only sound be hear . timecode : 05:58:01 the video slide to the leave side of the screen , as subtitles of ryan's conversation scroll on the right side . Archive video and audis play simultaneously text -- ved au recorded : 10-3-00 source : nome police communications recorder location : _in front of abbey' house 2 van ui dispatch ( on radic ) oe no response from Ryan . @ ; dispatch isaid go ahead , ryan ( on radio ) the video distortion clear up . in the pixilate black and white image , nothing can be see in the sky over Abbey 's house . whatever be there be go . Officer Ryan stand on the leave side of the screen talk into he mic . timecode : 06:00:18 ryan ( on radio ) mother of God ! it 's go , it just -- he stumble down to a knee , leave only he head in frame . ryan ( on radio} n! ieve wi ; ! can not believe it . -- freeze frame -- the pause video fade out as ... interview room fade in : the real dr . tyler do you -- be you able to ... olatunde -- we be not able to pull anything out of this one -- the real dr . tyler -- but this be when they take she -- olatunde -- I be sorry -- we try , but there be no more information to pull out , only the beginning -- the real dr . tyler I just want to see she -- I want to see what happen -- clatunde we do not have anything else -- 88 the real dr . tyler -- where it take she -- olatunde -- there 's nothing except for what you see ... the real dr . tyler just , maybe -- olatunde Dr. Tyler . there 's nothing else there ... we try everything we could . the real dr . tyler ( shaking , eye water ) I be hope ... olatunde ... I be sorry . cuT to : in front of abbey' house , later . four patrol truck with they siren blazing arrive , surround a deeply shake deputy Ryan . sheriff August step from one of the truck . * august where be they ? ryan I - i- I do not know -- I try t-to tell you -- August do not break stride , hurry towards the house . august I want that video play back . ryan Sir , it do not record , it -- it do but nothing come out -- august ah--bullshit ! c'mon ! ryan I - I - it 's -- august ryan ! pull it tcgether man ! August rush gS inside abbey' house , @ 8g with he officer in tow , and rush past the room till he see 's Abbey in ashley' room and enter . ronnie and Abbey be the only one in here . Abbey be on the floor cry and ronnie 's try to calm she down . Chaos pour from she mouth . august what the hell happen ? abbey they take my baby . ronnie Mom shhhhh ! Mom ! august where 's Ashley ? Abbey point upwards . abbey they take she . ronnie stop it ! august ( to ronnie ) what 's she talk about ? ronnie someone kidnap Ashley . august ( to radio ) I want this entire house searched , I want everybody outside , inside , go through this residence top to bottom . ( to ronnie ) what the hell do you see ? ronnie nothing , I come in here and she be go . abbey she 's not here ! thay tock she ! -- they tock she into the sky -- up there ! I see it ! august through the ceiling ? 90 abbey ronnie yeess ! a beam of light ( desperate ) come down and -- and -- Mom ! why be you say pull she up -- oh my this ? God ! august what the hell be you say ? abbey ronnie I see it ! it reach ( desperate ) down and grab she ! stop it ! please stop ! it take my baby ! TI could not stop it I could not move I be freeze ! they take she ! august alright clear the room ! everyone out ! ( to ronnie ) you too . ronnie why --? august out ! abbey he do not leave my sight ! august I need you alone ! abbey I be he mother - - he 's not leave my sight ! the deputy leave the room leave the three of they alone . August slam the door . sniffle , Abbey sit on Ashley 's bed . August spin a chair backwards and sit on it , he face less than two foot from hers . ronnie look between the two of they . august less than five hour after I arrest you , you daughter go miss . abbey you gonna arrest I again ? august ( quietiy ) '' where be she ? 91 abbey I just tell you what happen -- august that horse shit -- abbey you have a officer outside my -- august he could not show I shit on video -- abbey it 's true ! TI see -- he stand and slam the chair down . august where be she goddamn it ! abbey I do not know --! august what do you do with she ? ( to ronnie ) where 's you sister ? @ abbey do not yell at he ! august ( to Abbey ) where be she --where be she ! he hurl the chair behind he -- it splinter into the wall and bounce back out of shape -- august GOD damn it ! where the hell be she ??? abbey I -- I tell you ! ronnie ( to Abbey ) why be you say this ? abbey honey -- I be not -- I be not -- ronnie what 's wrong with you ? ) what happen to you ! @ abbey baby ... that hit she harder than ever . abbey @ breathe hard , seethe air between he tooth . baby --i ... august you have not be right in the head since will . abbey you have not find the killer -- august no Abbey ... we do -- abbey -- he 's still out there -~! august -- and you know I speak the truth . there 's a thin line between reality and fiction , and you have cross over to the wrong side . August nod at ronnie . august I be remove he from you custody . abbey you be not take my son . august I be . and come tomorrow morning , for you sake Abbey , have a lawyer present . that 's how we be do it from here on in . Abbey rush over to ronnie and grab onto he arm . august ( to radio ) guy get in here , we be remove ronnie from Abbey 's custody . the door burst open and the deputy rush in , swarm around Abbey and ronnie . abbey no ! they try and separate she from she son but she be not let go ! 93 ronnie ( to Abbey ) let I go ! let go ! abbey no! ronnie Mom ! let go --~- let go of I ! the sound fade out as she mouth move ... she continue to struggle to know avail . the real dr . tyler ( v.o.} ( cry ) that be the worst day of my life . I lose my baby ... dissolve to : they pull ronnie away from she and towards the door . dissolve to : abbey' crying alone in the room . the real dr . tyler ( v.o. ) .. , lose my son ... fade in abbey' interview right of frame split / screen in the right frame : the real dr . tyler be face glisten with tear and she mouth twitches . the real dr . tyler ( v.o. ) I be alone ... completely alone . I can not describe how that feel . what that experience be like . to have you kid rip away from you . Ashley without any explanation ... and then ronnie just not want anything to do with I . go with the police of he own free will . the kind cf pain that create , it just -- it stay there and just get stronger . she cry for a mcment in silence . olatunde so ... what do you do next ? 94 in the left frame : narrative Abbey rise to she foot . in the right frame : the real dr . tyler I realize ... that they be not go to be able to find she ... that I would have to do it on my own . clatunde but you could not leave . the real dr . tyler that 's not what I mean , I have to ... to find a way to go directly to the they ... directly to the source . olatunde who 's they ? she pause for a moment , carefully look at he . the real dr . tyler whoever take my daughter . olatunde how ... ? in the left frame : she pace around Ashley 's room . CUT to : ronnie' room . in the left frame : she pace back and forth next to he bed . in the right frame : the real dr . tyler ... figure out -- I have to try and -- and determine where they might have take she ... by figure cut where they take I . olatunde you mean hypnotize yourself , and go back to the night they tcok she ? the real dr . tyler ( shake she head ) no -- the night they abduct I , when it get record on my tape recorder -- mar : e olatunde -- right . the real dr . tyler if I could figure out where they take I ... then maybe -- olatunde -- you could figure out where they take she . the corner of she mouth twitches . the real dr . tyler ... and find a way to communicate with they , talk to they . CUT to : the study -- in the left frame : she stand at the doorway , look in . in the right frame : olatunde talk to ... whoever take Ashley ? the real dr . tyler yes . olatunde ... and how ? in the left frame : Abbey walk into she study and sit down at she desk . in the right frame : the real dr . tyler I have already see it do -- with Scott . they can communicate with you when you go under hypnosis . olatunde you be go to try and initiate this on purpose ? the real dr . tyler exactly . clatunde and you know at the time that Scott be paralyze ? the real dr . tyler I know I would do anything for my daughter . for one of the two thing I really love in this world . clatunde nod . in the left frame : Abbey pick up the phone , dial and start talk . in the right frame : the real dr . tyler I call the two I know I could trust -- even though August warn they to stay away -- they come over , like true friend . CUT to black : over black . campos ( 0.s.} Abbey ... be you sure you want to do this ? abbey ( 0.s. ) I do not have a choice . fade in : in abbey' study , she sit in a leather chair . campos sit across from she , and awolowa be behind he , hand hold the camcorder , and recording . text -- archive video recorded : 10 -6~00 , 7:01 pm camera angle : hand held , looking at abbey from the waist up quality : fair , color source : abbey' video recorder location : abbey' study running timecode : 00:09:20 split screen narrative / archive footage as need she 's slump in she seat , and she head be hang to the side . the camera barely keep her framed , allow too much headroom . campos ( 0.s. } Abbey . 97 abbey ss yes ... campos let 's go back three day ...to Tuesday ... when you be give dictation in you bedroom .... abbey yes ... campos what happen after you finish you dictation ? abbey ' , .. remain unexplain ... and worse , unsolve ... like will ...and ...' she trail off into nothing ... campos be you sleep ? abbey 1. yes ... timecode : 00:9:20 @ campos what happen next ? her head slowly , quietly , roll groggily to the right ... abbey ... the owl ... it 's look down at I ... campos be this the same owl you patient see ? abbey «.-yes ... but it 's ...... smile ... ( rise panic ) .-- I do not like when it smile ... campos what do you mean , ' smile ' ? abbey I do not know what I mean ... I do not want to know ... no campos @ it 's too late to forget what you already know . tell I what you see . 98 her lip tighten , a part of she unwilling to part with she next word -- abbey ( whisper ) it 's not a owl ... Abbey 's eye gradually open ... look hard at something we can not see above she and she start to whimper , start to cry -- as fear melt she feature . abbey oh God ... God -- campos relax , we be here , it 's ok . none of this be happen right now . abbey campos goooooddd help ( try to talk over meeeeeeee !!!! mama ! she mama ! maaamaaaa !! 11 ! Abbey ! detach the emotion ! aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii it 's not happen right iiiiiiiiiiii1 ! now -- aiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii IIITIIIIII{IIII -- abbey , ~-aaaaaaaaaaahhhh ! ! ! @. Abbey slam her body back into the chair and go rigid , she face screwing up as if something be push on she , smothering she body with a immeasurable amount of pressure . she exert quick rapid breath , try to breath . campos watch she helplessly . campos what be they do to you ? abbey ( clench tooth ) -- take I out ~ - up -~ up -- ( desperation ) God I be so high , I be so -- it 's not stop -- it 's not safe -~ahhhhhh ! she lift she back out of the chair , then collapse back into it as if whatever vehicle she think she 's in stop . eye close , she head be make jerky movement to the leave and right as if it take great effort to move it . 99 campos keep talk to I -- keep talk -- what do you see ? her arm raise into the air , and with the motor skill of someone who appear drugge , she seem to be swatting something away . her face be contort into a flesh mask of fear . abbey ( silent tear ) what be you ...? what be you do to I ...? campos who be you talk to ? abbey the thing ... the -- the--people , operate on I -- I be on a table . campos people ? like you and I ? abbey no -- they do not look like you ... they do not look - ~- they be not from here ... not human -- no ! she keep swatting at thin air , try to get something away from she . abbey they be all around I -- too many of they -- they mind -- it hurt -- ahhhh . suddenly she body go stiff , she head snap back into the headrest -- she arm slam down , and she legs spread OPEN . abbey oh God ! nonononono stop it pleeeeease ! do not let it -- do not let it -- she squirm as if restrain , try to twist back further up the chair , she eye be focus down at she crotch . abbey -- ahhhhgg ! they be put it in I -- ( high pitch ) it hurt -- oh God ! campos what be it ? abbey ( shriek ) v a metal thing - -! pe campos what be they do -- abbey -- th- they be in my womb ...oh .... God ...! she start convulsing , seizure like -- in obvious pain , then she entire body go limp . campos Abbey ... ( no response ) Abbey ...? campos reach towards she ... ... the video image begin to twist -- bend - timecode : 00:11:20 os Abbey jerk violently and a cracking be hear as she back @ bend unnaturally over the back of the chair , hide she face from view as she flop wildly as if in a seizure . the camera be extremely shaky as it follow this . abbey ( low , electronic ) ahhhhhhhhhhehhhhhhhheiiitiiiiiiii . this voice be vocalize from Abbey , but doe not belong to her . the video completely distort , bar of nonsense roiling incoherently . nothing visual can be decipher . she talk now , vacillate between she normal voice and this other , nominally demonic voice channele through she - - as if she be have a conversation with herself . timecode : 00:12:02 voice ( subtitles ) I *-- - " will enforce @ my will " ------------ va bar convulse , bend , still nothing can be made out . abbey what do that -- what do you mean - -? voice voice nowe not eee " ish sar . ( subtitles ( distorted ] 2u . mane nnne " not for my world to [ distorted ] know . abbey give I my baby ! why can not you give she back to I ? voice voice ween -e nu " ------ " ( subtitles ) wea ----- " child " ------ " abbey she 's my child ! give she to I ! give she -- voice voice a' zae a'e " ----- " ( subtitles ) mee nenn " men . zen . child " ------ " never " -- - " return . abbey no ! you can not do that , you can not do that to we . voice voice a'e " ------- " a 'as ( subtitles ) til . my " ------ " will do . abbey please ! please ! do not do this ! don't do this ! no answer . abbey what be you ? why be you do this ? timecode : 00:13:16 we hear flesh collide with wood -- Abbey fall onto the floor . voice voice me.en.ne.en ilu ( subtitles ) bannennn '' I am you GOD " -------- .* abbey you be not ! JI reject you ! you be - - you be -- y~--ahhbhhhhh ! Abbey wither in pain , grunting and shrieking . abbey s-s~-s-stop it ! voice voice wenn ane n-ne " .na da " ---- ( subtitles ) ween een een - " truth remains louder than ever , assault -- distorting the speaker . voice voice " -- " me.en.ne.en ( subtitles ) " . -- " aya . men.zen ! it Wan ----- " savior . " --- ~ " ibu ! father ! I am GOD ! for a moment there 's no sound save for the hiss / static of the tape ... ..- as if the last proclamation of the voice silence everything ... it 's claim ... hanging , floating on the air ... --violating it , defiling it ... awolowa ( 0.s. ) a -- Abbey ? timecode : 00:14:26 campos ( 0.s . ) you see that ...? out ...on the horizon . what be it ? distortion bar roll ... awolowa ( 0.s. ) my God ... campos it 's come ...here ...? the camera be dropped onto the floor , hitting it hard . ' note : audio have be transcribed as best as possible ) @ scream , udi 11 1 -- awolowa _ ( 0.s. ) campos { 0.5 . ) of ti-ort -otrorr ! noogg00 ! gababaawwwd ---!_ runmilowo gaaawdotiiii ! ! o- ko NI shele mo- lai - lai ! FI MI SI le ! dead silence rule . we image clear up , the distortion be gone ... give we a perfect view of a room that look like a tornado walk though it . couch at odd angle , chair against the wall , book on the floor , but nothing be near the window -- almost as if something cleare that area away . no one be in there now -- not awolowa , not campos , not Abbey . the tape roll for some time ... and then ... CUT to black : fade in : the interview room . Dr. Tyler be speechless , not breathe as she mouth twitches uncontrollably . behind she the monitor be black . clatunde what the hell happen in that room ? 104 the real dr . tyler ... they come ... and we be -- we . be ... @ now she whole face be twitching , she leave eye blink with every movement . the real dr . tyler ... they abduct we , all of we -- but eventually bring we back , but we do not remember where they take we -- even with hypnosis it 's black -- the twitch have become a tremble , make it difficult for she to form she word . olatunde be you ok ? do you need a break ? the real dr . tyler no , I be fine . Dr. Tyler take a couple of breath , steadying herself . olatunde why would ... another entity not from this world do this thing ? help we understand the reason behind it . the real dr . tyler God I do not know - - how can we know ? if human can mystify other human ... on a daily basis ... then -~-i -- I think we can conclude that something from another world ... can mystify we as well . the import of she statement hover in the air . clatunde you be voice -- it 's voice ... it say it be ... God ... Dr. Tyler 's face twitches -- do not respond . olatunde what do you believe ...? be they ... be it ... God ...? she can not meet he eye ... eye that have something terrible welling within they -- scometh worth hide . the real dr . tyler ... I pelieve ... I do not know what I believe ... the thing I have see ... the presence ... i feel inside of I ... be & ( mcre ) the real dr . tyler ( cont 'd ) beyond anything we can imagine ... and God ... if that be god-- what God be ... then he be ......... hopelessness ... it can not be God ... it can not be .... olatunde and what about Ashley ? the real dr . tyler ( shake she head ) she ... I have to recover from that night ... take I a couple day to wake up -- and as you know I - I be change forever . August could not bring I into the station so he ... he come to I . she look down at the table ... not want to say this next few word . the real dr . tyler ... he talk to I about Ashley ... and about will . CUT to : in a nome hospital room . Abbey sit in bed ... she back against the headboard ... she hair stringy , moist , unkempt . she 's lose too much weight ... bone be press against she skin ... a empty shell of a once strong , healthy woman . her body be very still , unmove . August sit in a chair next to she , a manila folder in hand . august I hate to ask you this question -- now , while you be in this condition you in -- but this be one of that thing in life that can not wait . Abbey nod weakly , quietly . august Abbey . what happen to you daughter ? abbey ( quietly , weakly ) I tell you ... august what you tell I and what actually happen be two different thing . abbey no -- they be the same . august ok ... you want to play this game ? abbey it 's not a game - ~ august how do will die ? she hesitates , pull back - nstun by the question . august c'mon .... answer it . abbey he be murder . august no Abbey . what you be tell I and what happen be two different thing . now one more time : how do will die ? her eye be darting around ... she 's breathe harder ... she skin be lose it 's color ... panic be welling in she throat . abbey why be you ask I this ? august ( yell ) campos ! get in here ! a deputy open the door and campos walk in , circle to the other side of the bed and kneel next to Abbey . abbey what be this ? campos tr 's ok ... 1t 's ok ... august no it 's not ok . we be get to the bottom of everything now . again : how do you husband die ? abbey I tell you , a intruder enter we house and kill he . 107 August and campos exchange look . campos he 's go to show you something that will upset you . but it have to be do , understand ? she do not understand . with what strength she have leave , she look at campos hard . August open he file ... and hold up a photo for she to see ... she gasp -- half scream , do not have the strength to scream again -- she face be a perfect mask of revulsion , of tear ... anguish . abbey - why ...? the photc be of will tyler -- with a bloody hole in the side of he head the size of a grapefruit . august this be the head of a man -- he hold up a second photo , this one of a 9 mm pistol . august -- who use this gun , to blow he own brain out . Abbey can not stop sobbing -- she eye be close , she head turn away -- whimper . campos be caress she face , almost protect it from the photo . campos I be sorry ... August shake the photo for emphasis . august this be how you do it -- and he do it right . suicide Abbey . that 's how you husband die . abbey august he take a pistol and shot himself in the head -- there be no knife , no der -- just he and he own gun edge of you bed . int at abbey -- he 's not that man- - he would not do that to we , to he family -- august -- I have see it before , I will see it again -- abbey ( to campos ) tell he ... tell he he 's wrong . I would have know he be gonna -- I be a psychiatrist --- Christ ---- I would have know --! campos hold she close , try to comfort she . campos you can not blame yourself for what be go on in he head . who know what he learn , what he do not share ... what finally break he -- abbey no...no ... campos sometimes the close sign , the one close to we , be the hardest to read . august ( to Abbey ) now you know the reality . August put the photo down ... and lean in . august and for the last time . tell I what happen to Ashley . she can not answer . august tell I . campos you have to tell he ... for Ashley . tear wetting she cheek , she pull away from campos and look at he ... softly . abbey you know what happen . you experience it . except we come back ... she do not . campos ! eye lock on hers ... and then they give in , look down to the bed . he can not refute she word ... not after what he 's see . not after what they have be through . abbey ( to August ) I swear to you -- I swear it . she be take , by - by something . .. something not from here ....... I swear it .... August look between the two of they , he face like a bull ready to charge -- but unsure which bull eye to hit first . august ( then quietly ) it 's difficult to go back . he arrange the picture and close the file just so . campos go back ? August take he time , do not rush it . august back over the line , from fiction to reality . you can not just stop be insane whenever you want to . it 's @ the kind of thing that stay with you forever . CUT to : the interview room . Abbey be quiet ... lose in the memory . olatunde so will commit suicide ? ... the kind of thing one would not want to admit ... would not want to say out loud ... but she do -- the real dr . tyler - yes . olatunde you credibility .... how do ycu expect I -- the audience -- to believe anything you have to say , after you be hallucinate the murder of you husband ? the real dr . tyler ~ they be not hallucination -- I just @ could not -- it can be difficult to ( more ) the real dr . tyler { cont 'd ) face the truth , and with will , that 's how I deal with it . and .no matter what you believe , the recording do not jie you can doubt my word -- you would doubt I even if I be a saint , I mean we be talk about thing that -- that be not normal -- but what you cannot doubt be the recording -- t - the other people -- they storey . [ name remove ] be dead [ mame remove ] back be break - - a - and Ashley ... she 's still go . this be hard fact . olatunde they appear to be -- the real dr . tyler ( twitches ) i they be . you can sit there and speculate but I have to keep hope alive ... I have to believe in what be do -- this film -- my story ~ -- that it will help . TI have to believe she 's still alive somewhere , that she 's safe ... that there 's a chance I be go to see she again -- > hold she again -- @ ( start to cry ) * -- hear she voice ... I -- I just want my little girl back ! she 's all I have . I can not bring back will , ronnie he -- he -- he -- blame I for everything - - he shut I out of kis life ! mother should not be alone . we should not be without we child ... ( desperate ) I just want my baby back ... I just want she back ... tear glisten off she cheek as she face continue to twitch , but she 's somehow hold it together , somehow prevent the complete emotional collapse you would expect . olatunde I think we can stop here . the camera 's slowly zcom out in farewell ... and for the first time we see that Dr. Tyler be in a wheelchair with arm and legs so withered away , they do not look like they have move in year ... CUT to : @ still image of the tyler family dance across the screen . olatunde ( v.o. ) with no credible evidence , kidnap charge against Dr. Tyler be drop . her daughter Ashley have not be find . a image of ashley smiling zoom towards we , it morph into a older version of she -- approximately 7 year older . olatunde ( v.0o . ) if you have any information about Ashley Tyler that may assist local authority please call toll - free 1 - 800 -missing . title : 1-800 -missing dissolve to : on a hill overlooking nome , olatunde stand , look directly at we . olatunde someone else be interested in nome as well . since the 1960' , there have be over 2,000 visit to nome by the Federal Bureau of investigation -- the high in Alaska . second be anchorage , with a population 76 time larger than nome . the FBI have pay they only 353 visit . the camera begin craning back , bid we adieu . olatunde in the end ... what you believe , be yours to decide . CUT to black : the end psychiatrist release from custody , child not find . by kate Ripple fairbank Daily News nome , Alaska ~ the only susp - j ect in the disappearance of 5 year old Ashley Tyler be telease fr- | om custody yesterday , with all c- harge drop after spend 2 montis under house arrest for she daughter disappearance on the m - - oming of October 10 " . '' we 's have get nothing on she , and we have not find the girl , '' chief moate say . ask . if he believ - ed Dr , Tyler be . guilty , he stopp - éd short of say she be innoce - not , '' there 's # 6 motive , no evide - '' nce , ahd no girl . on paper there 's no reason she should have kidnap - ped she own daughter . but she 's nat here , and we have no idea w- here the hell she be . '' report speculate that Ashley 's | disappearance could be related to ; the hundred of people who have disappear in the city , which have case go back to 1960 and occ - urting as recently as last month . most of nome 's miss person case have go unsolve , as have most miss person case throug - hout Alaska due to the severity of the land . — iat - . syonial estion pe , cep0 pesident areata state afte jey 0 tybee re petieve I sky ns guftac ' nen by alight sle - go bee™ ner mrific su ! dio and that get nom 's rom pet iso '' st0 } eps ction ls atien aone oe mi call patient : cose van jmme - commer +g offic . be ely x ned b y