the other boleyn girl written by Peter Morgan base on the novel by philippa Gregory february 2006 T ext . field - day 1 1 we be move through a cornfield . at speed . the sound of child 's laughter . excite shriek . a beautiful young girl , ( mary boleyn , 8 ) , we heroine , run through the field , be chase by she young brother , GEORGE , and sister , anne , ( 10 ) . touchingly , mary be barely taller than the corn , she head skim along the sheave . reverse angle to reveal : the child be be watch by they parent , ( sir thomas and lady elizabeth boleyn ) . sir thomas I receive a formal request for marriage today for anne. ( a beat ) from the carey family . sir thomas indicate to anne ; the eldest . dark-haire . intelligent . the obvious leader among the child . lady elizabeth but that 's wonderful . sir thomas I turn it down . lady elizabeth turn ...` what ? ' sir thomas and offer they Mary instead . sir thomas indicate mary , the middle child . fair-haire . pretty . sweet -nature . sir thomas fnne 's too good for William carey . she can do ( better than a merchant 's son . lady elizabeth you underestimate Mary . sir thomas not true . I think she 's .. the kinder of the two . quite possibly the fairer . the child , meanwhile , have start a race .. sir thomas but to get ahead in this world , you need more than fair look and a kind heart . on the field , anne win . she jump up and down , hold she arm aloft , as mary flop to the floor . vanquish . 2 . sir thomas smile , ` see ? ' he walk towards anne .. sir thomas ( applaud he favourite ) bravo ! Anne ! ext . bell tower - ten year later 2 2 bell ring high up in the bell - tower of a country church . int . mary bedroom - day 3 3 mary , ten year older , and grow into a heavenly bride be in she room , surround by maids and seamstress make final adjustment to she dress . a knock at the door . anne May we come in ..? anne and GEORGE enter . GEORGE let out a low whistle .. anne look at you ..! younger than I . more beautiful than I . married before I . ( a beat ) I be eclipse . I be just the ` other Boleyn girl . ' mary hardly . GEORGE no , be this it ? this be the end of the unholy trinity ? GEORGE extend she arm , wrap they around he two sister . a intimate moment . mary no , George . never . I will be marry , that 's all .. ( a beat ) apart from that - it will not change a thing . the three of they hug together , tightly .. int . chapel - day 4 4 a pack country church . the priest officiate in Latin . the air be thick with incense . and winter cold .. 3. the entire boleyn family be assemble on one side . father , mother , the duke and duchess of norfolk , brother GEORGE , and finally anne .. priest confirma hoc , deus , quod operatus es in nobis .. the priest sprinkle the ring with holy water . william carey , ( 35 ) , put it on mary 's finger . few row back , a young nobleman stare at anne . look at she across the church . obviously attract . anne notice . int . boleyn home - night 5 5 the party afterwards . musician play . the bride and groom , ( william and mary ) , be dance , surround by well -wisher and other guest .. william be you happy ? mary very . william you do not secretly wish you would marry someone grander ? with a title ? mary no . I want a husband who love I . and who think it first thing every morning . and last thing at night . william then you have find the right man . in another corner : anne be dance with she brother GEORGE . she look up to see the nobleman who be stare at she across the church .. anne who be that ? he be stare at I in church ? GEORGE that 's Henry percy . heir to the Duke of Northumberland . richest landowner in England . anne 's eye widen in interest , " really ? " ( continued ) 4. GEORGE but do not get you hope up . he be already betrothed . GEORGE indicate a tall , haughty - look fiancee beside percy .. anne betroth be not marry , brother George . a lot can happen before you reach the altar . anne stare over at henry percy . who stare back . in another corner : 6 6 he duke of norfolk , the most powerful nobleman in the room , and close personal friend of the king 's walk with he growl dog to where sir thomas boleyn and lady elizabeth be sit . sir thomas get to he foot .. sir thomas Thomas .. he duke ignore thomas , and go instead to he sister , ( lady elizabeth ) , and kiss she .. norfolk I think I have manage to persuade the King to come and stay with you on progress . a week - end 's hunt in late summer . sir thomas but that 's wonderful ! thank you , thank you so much .. ( he turn to elizabeth ) do you hear that , Elizabeth ? lady elizabeth ( hate the idea ) yes . sir thomas finally we can present George , and with luck , get he a position at court . lady elizabeth excuse herself , and leave .. norfolk this be difficult time . I have it on good authority that the Queen no longer bleed - yet the matter of a male heir be still not resolve . a beat ) it can not be long before the King be force to look outside the marriage . ( continued ) 5 . sir thomas what ? and make a bastard King of England ? norfolk a legitimize bastard . what choice do he have ? ( a beat ) obviously , I have give it think , and wonder which Howard girl I could put under he nose . imagine the influence that would give we . to be blood family of the next King of England . equally , imagine if another family be to achieve the same ? norfolk indicate sir JOHN seymour in the corner , and he two loathsome , ambitious son edward and thomas .. sir thomas what about Anne ? sir thomas turn , and indicate anne across the crowd , who 's dance with GEORGE ... sir thomas I realise as a ` Boleyn ' she be not officially a ` Howard ' , but as you sister 's daughter .. norfolk but she 's you eldest , Thomas . you first bear . and you favourite . would not you prefer she to have a nice , uncomplicate , respectable marriage ? like Mary ? sir thomas if Anne be a uncomplicate , respectable girl like Mary , then I would say `ye ' . but she 's not . sir thomas look out at anne .. sir thomas she 's anything but . int . boleyn castle - day 7 7 sir thomas and lady elizabeth stand in a corner , watch the party continue . elizabeth 's face darken .. ady elizabeth do not like it . it would cost a fortune to make we house fit for a royal visit . money we do not have . ( more ) ( continued ) 6. and what if thedy elizabeth ( cont would ) LA king do not like she ? or if she sleep with he but give he a girl ? sir thomas and what if you be to look on the bright side ? just once ? a ominous clap of thunder outside .. sir thomas Risk nothing , you gain nothing . ady elizabeth stare at she husband .. lady elizabeth hen be it that people stop think of ambition as a sin , and start think of it as a virtue ? sir thomas easy for you to say . you have have power and wealth all you life . lady elizabeth until I marry you , Thomas . and I be happy to give it up . lady elizabeth turn , and walk back inside . int . corridor - night 8 8 anne knock on the door of she father 's study . she wait . presently , the door open . we see sir thomas inside .. anne you ask to see I father ? sir thomas yes . come in . sir thomas close the door . int . hever castle - night 9 9 mary be in a bathroom . be prepare by anne for she wedding night . anne brushes she sister 's hair . rub oil in she skin . mary of - the King himself be come to hever . I be so happy for George . anne yes . but Father take I aside . it seem he have ambition for I , too . ( a beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 1 7. he think I be anne ( coage dnow ... and of not of a not ' ) unplease appearance ... mary what ? what be you say ..? anne it 's know the King have a wander eye . imagine ... if he be to like I ? mary but ... you could never be more than he mistress . and that 's no substitute for a husband . anne but as the King 's mistress the least I would get after he finish with I would be a Earl . and if I fall pregnant ? and give he what he wife have fail to ? a beat ) quite apart from the money , it would be a Duke at least . mary but what about you happiness ? you future ? anne shrug , smile .. anne I could be a happy duchess . int . bedrooom - night 0 10 mary and anne enter the bedroom . a sea of candle . mary stare at the bed . a child . suddenly terrify . anne be you nervous ? mary a little . anne you will tell I everything in the morning ? mary I promise . anne no detail spare ? the two sister hug tightly . visibly emotional . the door open , and william carey appear in the doorway . anne curtsey , give mary a last ` good luck ' kiss , then go . mary stare at she husband . mary hold I a moment ? william carey envelop mary with he arm .. mary ( cont would ) I be so lucky to have a man who be content with what he have . mary look at he .. mary ( cont would ) you be , be not you ? william carey smile , look at he gorgeous bride .. william I be the luckiest man in the world . william reach for the wine .. william ( cont would ) drink ? mary shake she head . but william tenderly insist .. william ( cont would ) you should . it will hurt less . mary nervously drink .. william ( cont would ) lie back . mary lie down . then she lift up she nightdress . william pull down he trousers . mary extend she hand . inviting he to join she . william slowly lower himself on top of she . he enter she . mary smile , in anticipation of pleasure . a side to she one might not have imagine . but one or two stroke later , and william 's knuckle whiten , he face redden , then he cry out , and slump on top of she . mary look up . surely that be not it ? william ( cont would ) thank you . ( continued ) 9. william roll over . mary stare . soon william snore contentedly . mary be wide awake . confused . aybe this be how it 's mean to be . fade to black : ext . english countryside - day 11 11 the thunder of horse ' hoof . a huge cloud of dust . the Royal Standard flutter in the wind . beneath it , a soldier in the king 's uniform , riding hard , dirt kick up in he wake . the soldier be flanke by a dozen other of the king 's soldier , who lead a coloumn of fifty or more rider .. it 's like a army . a legion riding into battle . but it 's not , this be just the king of england go away for the week - end . behind the advance party , be the king himself , ( 30' ) , handsome , in he prime , surround by a dozen or so of he close courtier , ( among they the duke of norfolk ) , a grand , tough , intimidating lot . behind they , come the king 's confessor , a Priest with a large ornate crucifix , a small library of religious book .. then , in a riot of colour , come the musician , the fool and the player , lead by the master of the revel . behind they , come the squire and page , carry the King 's weapon , he jousting kit , he sword , he armour , he lance , etc . then come the animal : falcons , in cage , and the hunting hound , beagle and pincher , bark in excitement , and a assortment of fresh horse for travel , and hunt . and finally , bring up the rear , another unit of armed guard , and a second standard bearer .. 1 ext . hever - day 2 12 the boleyn family page , ( william stafford ) , be perch on a hill . keeping watch . stare into the distance .. presently , he see cloud of dust and the sound of thunder approach . his expression change ... ext . hever - estate - day 13 13 pandemonium break out among staff and family member as stafford call out , " the King ! " 10 . int . hever - day 14 14 anne be be dress by maids . hear the commotion outside , she rush over to the window to see the approach rider . anne look out of the window . scan the approach rider until she find the king .. anne there he be ! the young henry tudor be a dazzle , magnetic , intensely glamorous and handsome figure . a total contrast from the bloat , bearded figure of he later year . anne you think he will like I ? mary of course , sister . how could he not ? anne turn to face mary . the two sister embrace tightly . ext . hever - day 15 15 the entire boleyn family be nervously assemble outside the house , ( which we notice have be transformed at great cost . huge marquee in the garden . fountain . additional staff . smart uniform . New extension to the stable and kitchen ) . mary be discreetly hide , among the crowd . anne be pride of place . visibly nervous . sir thomas and lady elizabeth be beside she . the proud parent . everyone bow deeply in deference as the King arrive . sir thomas you majesty , you be most welcome . the King dismount athletically . his dog be unleash , bark excitedly .. henry Sir thomas. kiss hand ) Lady Elizabeth .. a servant in stiff , new uniform , with tremble hand , bring wine on a tray . henry take a glass .. sir thomas May I present my son , George . GEORGE , visibly nervous , bow deeply from the neck . but henry 's attention have be catch by a beautiful woman behind GEORGE .. ( continued ) 11 . henry ( while stare at mary ) you uncle tell I I should have you at court . should I ? GEORGE it would be a great honour , Sir . mary dutifully , modestly avert she eye .. sir thomas and we daughter , Anne . enry turn to see anne . enry no one say anything of a daughter . anne curtsey deeply ... henry have we know , we might have come sooner . anne you majesty .. sir thomas perhaps you will allow Anne to show you around we modest house ? henry a pleasure . anne offer henry she hand . he take it , then lead anne away . mary shoot anne a look , ` good luck ' . ext / int . hever - day 16 16 anne lead the king through the house . she be follow at a distance by sir thomas boleyn . and watch by mary and GEORGE from a gallery above .. anne here be the library . henry charm . anne and through here , the observatory .. henry Lovely .. henry look up , he eye have be catch by something .. ( continued ) ( h ( a 12 . henry what 's that ? henry point at a emblem above a doorway .. anne falcon , you Grace . henry I can see that . but what 's it do there ? more to the point .. ( turn 360 ) .. not just there , but in every corner in the house ? anne I have no idea . ask my father . a beat ) perhaps because falcon be vaguely associative with field sport - field sport with aristocracy - and in the absence of a genuine coat of arm .. ( shrug ) ...a man with ambition will do the strangest thing . henry be delighted by anne 's candour .. enry that 's a sharp tongue you have . a beat ) I wonder what it might say about I behind my back ? anne oh , he majesty have nothing to fear from I . unless he fear a excess of compliment . henry smile , visibly charme .. henry really ? and what would they be ..? watching from above , mary smile to herself , " well do , Anne " , as henry and anne continue down a corridor .. int . boleyn house - evening 17 17 the entire boleyn family be assemble , frantically change anne from she day attire to she finest evening clothes . sir thomas watch .. ( continued ) k m 13 . sir thomas bravo , Anne ! the King be quite smitten ! told I so himself . and have request you sit beside he at dinner . sir thomas adjust she hair .. sir thomas my girl . my dear , remarkable girl . I know you would up to the task . mary watch . a momentary stab of jealousy at father 's attention . but as anne look over at mary for support .. mary smile . shake herself out of it . it 's she sister . what be she think ? int . boleyn home - night 18 18 music be be play . everyone be dress in they finest , a pack banquet hall . musician come to a climax , loud and enthusiastic applause from everyone . henry get to he foot .. henry well play ! and , may I say .. ( a modest smile ) ..an excellent choice of music too ! now smile from the courtier , sir thomas and lady elizabeth , the duke of norfolk , etc .. henry Sir Thomas , Lady Elizabeth , dear Anne . you health . h enry raise he glass . cheer and applause from the courtier . a beam sir thomas raise he glass . CUT to : later : dinner be serve . everyone be eat . henry and several close courtier be engage in debate .. henry .. I have it from the lip of the Spanish ambassador himself . that we musician be the envy of all Europe . brandon .. then he be flatter you , you Grace . henry we university and philosopher , too . ( continued ) h ( B 14 . brandon ... another lie . that honour would have to go to the Germans . henry what of we painter , then ? randon year behind they italian counterpart . the truth be far from lead the world , we be a provincial outpost , lag far behind . henry what ? be no one proud to be English ? ( turn to anne ) Anne ? what say you ? anne gulp . the clanking of cutlery . all eye on she . anne I , my Lord ? clear throat ) I know little of such matter , but I have not hear mention of we army . undefeate , I believe , in a generation . enry well say . anne or we navy ? the finest in the world . henry it 's true . anne the university in Spain and the philosopher in Germany may be strong , but be they really the equal of Oxford and Thomas more ? henry never ! anne I doubt there be a country that be fairer in government , or better protect by nature from she enemy , whose people be happier or more prosperous .. henry she 's right , by God ! she 's right ! henry be delighted . sir thomas stare proudly across the room at anne . who 's hand , we notice , be shaking . ( continued ) a I T ( S 15 . her heart pound in she chest . int . staircase - boleyn house - night 19 19 sir thomas stop anne on she way upstairs . sir thomas you do well tonight . very well . quite enough to be invite to court , I be sure of it . sir thomas kiss anne 's forehead .. sir thomas now go to bed . get a good night 's sleep . because there 's still the hunt tomorrow . a beat ) you must excel at that . sir thomas watch anne go . admire she . then he turn to see he wife , elizabeth . she turn away in disgust . int . girl ' bedroom - night 20 20 mary and anne lie together . in spoon position . anne be fast asleep . mary stroke she sister 's hair . eye open . will vulnerable , young child . 21 21 ext . hever castle - stable yard - day the follow morning .. thirty or more rider , stable - boy and horse be gather . to one side , a deafen pack of deer -hound , ( wire-haired lurcher ) , bark frantically . t's a scene of great activity , excitement , and anticipation . the master of the horse help henry mount he steed - the biggest and most glamorous stallion of all , with wonderful , ornate saddlery . number of other lady be also go hunt , and we notice they ride pillion , ( ie ) , riding on the same horse as they men , sit behind they , hold onto they .. F inally , anne come out . the king turn .. henry good morning , Anne . anne curtsey deeply .. ( continued ) h B a W 16 . anne good morning , you Grace . henry ho will you be riding with ? it 's clearly a invitation . he indicate there be room for anne on the back of he saddle . but anne fail to read the signal . anne on my own you Grace . henry you own ..? a stable - boy lead out she horse . anne they have invent a new saddle which allow lady to ride on they own . anne skilfully mount the horse , and sit upright .. henry ut with no man to hold onto ? how will you stay on the horse ? anne why ? the same way you hold onto yours , you Grace . a flicker behind henry 's eye . it 's the first wrong move anne have make . henry we will see . enry yank the rein on he horse .. henry let 's away ! anne shoot a look at mary . then follow . ext . countryside - day 22 22 the thunder of hoof .. william stafford lead the way out with a pack of some forty or fifty hound . it 's a stir sight . follow the hound , come thirty or forty rider , lead by the king himself . henry ( kick he horse ) hah ! ( continued ) R T I 17 . up ahead , the hound start to bark . they pace increase . they have get a scent . the bugler blow he horn .. the dog begin to increase they pace . the rider urge they horse to gallop . the lady hold tight to they men .. 2 ext . field - day 3 23 up ahead , a stag , wide - eye , innocent , lift it 's head .. the sound of the hunt bugle and the roar of approach footstep , like thunder . the stag twitches in fear , then bolt off towards the forest . ext . field - day 24 24 the dog and rider roar across field . the hound snarl , almost delirious with primal agitation .. among the rider , the more advanced horsemen have already open up a clear lead on they weaker counterpart .. n the advanced group , be henry , several courtier , he guard and , of course , anne .. they jump over a hedge . one of henry 's courtier catch the hedge and fall . henry smile , then turn to see .. anne comfortably jump the hedge herself . henry 's smile fade . he urge he horse to great speed .. henry ( kick he horse ) hah ..! ext . field - day 25 25 the terrify deer bolt into safety of the forest . the bark hound , lock into the scent , follow . he rider see this , and some pull up . ider we have lose he . he 's in the forest . galloping through tree and thick forest be not for the fainthearted . but henry charge past , kick up dirt .. henry then we must follow . h T h S T h 2 18 . int . forest - day 26 26 henry weave skilfully through low-hanging branch . he look over he shoulder , anne follow , close behind .. sharp branch tear at henry 's face . some draw blood . behind he , several other courtier suffer lash from the branch , and pull up . but not anne . she kick she horse harder . seemingly impervious to the whipping branch .. anne hah ! ahead , the deer dart and weave . the hound give chase . ext . forest - ravine - day 7 27 alf a mile ahead .. a steep ravine , with a sheer drop of twenty - five foot deep . at the bottom , a brook with dangerous rock , then another sheer climb of twenty - five foot the other side . the deer arrive , look , then scamper down the ravine , pursue by the hound . he remain rider arrive . they see the deer scramble up the other side , follow by the dog , slip in the mud , and struggle with the brook . everal dog fall . yelping in fright and pain as they lose foot and fall on the rock . the king pull up he horse .. henry raise he hat , and salute the deer . enry he King of England defeat by a humble fawn . the courtier laugh , then they turn they horse around and head off . anne stare . it 's a clear opportunity to impress . she look down at the rock . a long stare , then .. anne ( suddenly kick horse ) hah ! the courtier gasp in disbelief as anne lurch forward , and leap into space , head fearlessly down the sheer ravine . orse and rider almost tumble down the vertiginous , lethal drop . but , reach the bottom , the horse leap across the brook , then scramble up the other side . ( continued ) a h 2 T h T a 19 . she make it ! exhilated , anne turn , breathe hard . the king stare at she . the courtier stare at she . long silence . nothing but the sound of wind in the tree .. courtier please , you majesty . it 's not safe . henry turn and stare dagger at the courtier , ` silence ' . he stare across the ravine at anne . they eye meet . hen he kick he horse , ` hah ! ' , and lurch forward . he head down the sheer ravine . the courtier gasp , rush to the edge of the ravine to watch . anne go to the edge she side . enry 's horse slide perilously down the ravine , then struggle to clear the brook , and land heavily in the water . he king struggle to keep control , and as the horse try to scramble up the bank the other side , it lose it 's foot in T the mud , it 's hoof grasp horrifically at air .. he courtier cry out in horror , anne cover she mouth as .. the king 's horse fall backwards , unseat henry , send he fly , and worst of all , landing on top of he as they fall and tumble dreadfully down into the brook , and onto the rock .. pandemonium break out . the sound of shouting voice , cry of horror , raise the alarm . anne 's face : what have she do ? int . hever - night 8 28 henry slowly come to , to find himself stare at a number of face . a physician , sir thomas boleyn , the duke of norfolk , one or two courtier , and finally , anne .. physician it 's a miracle , majesty , you have no break bone .. henry flinch in agony , try to move .. sir thomas my daughter Anne be here . would like to apologise . enry ( recoil , he pride hurt ) no ! get she away from I ! anne open she mouth , want to protest , but be hastily ushere out of the room . ( continued ) h 20 . later : henry 's wound be be dress by mary . henry and who be you ? mary Mary , you Grace . Anne 's young sister . henry look she up and down .. henry you have be here all week - end ? mary yes , you Grace . henry really ? how could I have overlook you ? mary next to Anne , it 's easy to do . henry nonsense . henry sit up , take h better look . intrigue . a enry ( cont would ) tell I about yourself . you be marry ? mary yes , you Grace . to William carey . enry from wolsey 's office ? mary yes , you Grace . henry then why have not I see you at court ? mary because I have persuade he to spend a year or two here first . we have a small manor and some land . nothing much . but enough to start a family . henry a charme life in the country ? away from it all ? mary yes . ( continued ) m ( ( 21 . henry everything I would have wish for myself . but then my brother die . a beat ) and duty call . henry look at mary , then .. henry you do not think he will miss court ? a beat ) a young , ambitious man ? mary he say not , you majesty . mary lower she eye .. mary but , if he ever change he mind , I would always support he . henry stare at mary . henry well say . ext . hever castle - day 29 29 strapped and bandage , henry be help onto he horse . beside he GEORGE boleyn be also on a horse , riding off to court for the first time .. sir thomas and lady elizabeth bow , curtsey farewell .. henry thank you again , Lady Elizabeth . we will take good care of you boy .. ( kissing she hand ) and Thomas .. henry embrace he , whisper in sir thomas 's ear .. henry you will take care of that matter ? sir thomas consider it do , you majesty . henry shoot a linger look at mary , which anne notice . then the King and he entourage ride off . mary wave farewell to GEORGE . anne stare . suspicious . m y m ( m 22. int . hever castle - day 30 30 mary and anne be sit together . presently the door open , and william stafford emerge .. stafford you Father wish to see you . mary and anne get to they foot . stafford raise he hand .. stafford just Mary . mary shoot anne a quizzical look , then go with stafford . anne 's smile fade . a flicker of suspicion . she follow .. int . sir thomas' study - day 31 31 a intimidating atmosphere . dog lie at the foot of the duke of norfolk . sir thomas look up .. norfolk Mary , I do not know what you say or do - but you obviously make a deep impression on the king. exchange a look with sir thomas ) and he have request you come to court with immediate effect . mary 's eye widen in disbelief ..' what ? ' 32 32 int . corridor - same time anne listen at the door . horrify . anne what ?!? int . sir thomas' study - same time 33 33 william stafford watch from the doorway as the duke of norfolk , william carey and sir thomas smile delightedly , stare at mary .. norfolk ou be to pack and leave first thing in the morning . mary shoot a desperate look at she husband .. ( continued ) T B 23. norfolk the King himself have secure you a position in the Queen 's household . mary ut I do not want to go to court . nor do my husband . silence . sir thomas ell she . william carey clear he throat . avoid mary 's eye .. william the King have also offer I a position . as gentleman of the privy Council . mary what ? sir thomas y'hear that ? gentleman of the privy Council ! attend to the private and personal need of he majesty himself ! that 's the inner sanctum ! mary 's shell - shocked , lose for word .. mary but what about we future ? here in the country ? norfolk put it out of you mind . from now on you home be at court . mary William , please ! do not you understand what this mean ? mary stare imploringly .. mary they will separate we . put I in different accommodation . where the King can always ... find I . william carey avert he eye .. norfolk happily you husband understand the value of such a opportunity . ( a beat ) for we all . ( continued ) B W m ( 24 . mary what about Anne ? could not she go instead ? sir thomas 's expression darken . a flicker of pain . sir thomas the way that girl behave this week - end , she can count herself lucky she still have a home . int . corridor - same time 34 34 anne's face , outside the door : it 's as if a knife have be plunge into she gut . she turn and run down the corridor .. 35 35 int . william carey' house - night william and mary lie in bed . mary be equally wretch . tear be m also run down she cheek . she stare at she husband .. mary how could he do this to I ? my own father . a beat ) what if we just refuse ? william we would be cut off . he make that clear . mary but would that be so bad ? mary stare at he .. mary position mean nothing to I . nor wealth . we could find somewhere . a small farm . away from everything . william you say that now - but when you be older ? and we child be grow up ? ( comforting she ) this will not last long . a year . maybe two . and at the end of that - we will we have everything we want . ( a beat ) it 's for we future . mary ut can not you see ? do this , and we might not have a future . a m 3 25 . ext . boleyn home - stable - day 36 36 mary be get ready to leave . she turn a corner and `bang ' , walk straight into anne . a tense moment . the two sister stare at one another .. mary I be so sorry .. anne what for ? you think I want the King ? or to be use and abuse by he ? ( put on brave smile ) no ! you be welcome to he . I have my own plan , which do not involve become a rag that will one day be discard . mary stare , sadden , ` oh , Anne ' , but there 's no time to talk . she have to go . anne be leave . her eye blaze . ext . palace - day 7 37 mary and william ride through London street escort by servant bring they belonging . they approach whitehall Palace . armed guard slowly open the gate . mary 's face : as the heavy gate open . she shoot a last look at the `free ' world outside . then , she ride through the Palace gate . ` clank ' , the heavy door shut behind she . the outside world have be totally seal off . face appear at palace window , stare down at the `new arrival ' . mong they : be henry himself . he stare out of the window . see mary . then he let the curtain fall . int . court - day 38 38 katherine of aragon , ( late - 30 's ) , imperious , intimidating , Spanish . surrounded by other lady in waiting , ( mostly high - bear , Spanish , and the queen 's age ) . a servant announce .. servant Mary carey , ma'am . queen katherine look up ..` who ? ' queen katherine who ? servant the new Lady in wait . ( continued ) ( I m p m ( S 26 . queen katherine really ? but I be not expect anyone . ervant appoint by ...his majesty the King . queen katherine by my husband ? really ? the air crackle with tension . it 's school bully . queen katherine well , then she must be some kind of gift . he must have see in she some special talent that would please I . tell I . what special talent be it that you have ? with icy contempt ) apart from you obvious youth and beauty ? T errify , mary stammer .. mary I ...i .. queen katherine oetry , perhaps ? mary n-no .. queen katherine or dressmake ? mary i..i.. queen katherine Music ! that 's it ! you compose ? or sing ? mary .. I be afraid not . you majesty . queen katherine come , you be too modest . turn to a musician ) signor vasquez . the Spanish guitarist oblige by start to play a well - know tune of the period .. mary no..really .. I beg you , you majesty . ( continued ) m ( W 27 . queen katherine ( bark , suddenly terrifying ) I command you to sing !!! mary flinch . blush deeply , she skin glow with perspiration and terror , she begin to sing .. normally she sing well . but she voice now be strangle with fear . mary stand rigid , she knuckle whiten , nail digging into she hand , draw blood . finally , mary finish . the room be silent . all eye on katherine , who stare coldly . a formidable adversary . queen katherine bravo ! a nightingale ! ( the cruel satisfaction of victory ) welcome at court ! int . corridor - whitehall palace - afternoon 39 39 mary walk through the pack corridor of court , she face burn from the humiliation . the sound of a voice behind she .. woman' voice ait ! Mary ! stop ! but mary do not hear . she continue walk , distress , and distractedly enter .. finally , she be catch by jane parker , whom we have see at the window earlier . younger , also English , a kindre spirit .. jane I know that must have be agony , but put yourself in she shoe . she know the only reason the King have ask you here be because he desire you . for a wife that must be very difficult . a beat ) she 's a good woman . trust I . jane smile . mary manage a smile .. J ane ( cont would ) Jane parker . mary Mary carey . the two girl shake hand . jane you have a brother , do not you ? George ? ( continued ) J 28 . mary yes . jane I have see he a few time at court . and like he ... very well . ( a beat ) but I do not think he have notice I . mary I can not imagine . ( a beat ) should I mention you to he ? jane would you ? mary of course . happily . ane parker smile . but as soon as mary 's back be turn , the smile fade . ext . tiltyard - day 40 40 a large dusty yard , where knight train for combat , and practise they fight skill . mary be with GEORGE , who be put on he armour .. GEORGE not notice she ? Jane parker ? of course I have . how could I not ? she look like a goat . mary well , she like you , and ask I to give you this ..to remember she by . mary hand over a handkerchief .. GEORGE ugh . well say you have not see I . or that you forget . GEORGE hastily give it back .. GEORGE ( cont would ) there be something about that woman that make I feel ... ( he shudder ) GEORGE get to he foot , indicate to he male courtier friend that he be come .. mary and we sister ? any word ? ( continued ) h h m a 29 . GEORGE anne ? you know she take be upstage by you very badly . mary yes , I know . GEORGE and no amount of intervention on my behalf would make she believe you have not do it intentionally . mary but you know I would never do anything like that . GEORGE I know . GEORGE find he helmet , put it on .. GEORGE ( cont would ) just give she time . she will come round . mary watch GEORGE go to join the other male courtier . int . mary room - court - day 41 41 mary enter she room , and close the door . she begin undress , take off she clothes , then catch sight of a dog in the shadow . she gasp . it 's the king 's dog . henry ( o.s. ) please , do not be alarmed . enry step out of the shadow .. mary cover herself in modesty , and fall to she knee in a deep curtsey of deference . henry step into the light , walk towards she .. h enry I want to find somewhere we could be alone so I might say a few word to you in person . enry turn , look around the room .. henry I hope you accommodation be comfortable . I realise it 's no substitute for the life you have in mind in the country .. ( a beat ) but please , give I the opportunity to try to make you happy here .. ( more ) ( continued ) N m ( ( 30 . ( a beat ) nry ( cont would ) he the moment I meet you , I realise I .. henry tail off as mary unbuttone she dress .. henry ( tailing off ) what be you ..? mary 's dress come off she shoulder . the king 's eye , however , instead of stare at mary 's beautiful , expose body , stay focus on she eye . a uncomfortable moment .. henry I be sorry . ( delicately put she clothes back on mary ) you obviously misunderstand I . henry bow in respect , then turn , and take he leave , leave mary stand in the room .. int . norfolk's study - court - night 42 42 the duke of norfolk stare in disbelief at mary . his dog lie intimidatingly at he foot . norfolk what ? if all the King want be coition , he could fetch in a woman from the bath house . a beat ) what he want be you . a beat ) to woo you . and be woo in return . ( a beat ) and could 'ot you look just a little happier ? there be not a girl in the Kingdom that would not wish to be in you shoe . mary you opinion , uncle . mary speak quietly . lower she head .. mary mine be that it 's the great insult of all . orfolk what ? mary ask a whore to have feeling , too . we're into a brief montage : F T a T 31 . int . royal chapel - day 43 43 a incense-filled Royal Chapel . the archbishop be give mass , in Latin , for the Royal Household . he King sit at the front , on the leave . with the man . the lady be separate , as be traditional , and sit on the right . henry be lose in prayer . it 's not long , however , before he turn to look at mary . ext . country chapel - day 44 44 meanwhile , a remote country parish church . Far away . local priest arrive . he see two horse tethere to a tree by the side of the church . he dismount . check no one have follow he . hen he enter the church . 4 int . royal chapel - day 5 45 in the Royal chapel : the archbishop solemnly perform the eucharist , break bread and make wine from blood .. but , in full view of all that in the chapel , the king continue to stare at mary . inally , she look up . they eye meet . mary blushes , avert she gaze . but then , for the first time , she reciprocate . and look back . this be witness by the queen , and further back , by the duke of norfolk and sir thomas boleyn . everyone be pretend to focus on the Mass . but none of they can concentrate .. int . country church - day 46 46 in the country church : the priest 's eye become accustom to the dark . everywhere , long shadow , eerie darkness .. priest be you there ? presently , a woman step into the light . it 's anne . dress in a shawl . priest no one see you ? ( continued ) p 32 . anne no . priest you bring the money . anne hand over a purse of coin . they walk to the altar .. priest and the groom ? be he here ? up ahead , the GROOM slowly step out of the shadow . now we see he face . it 's henry percy . riest good . then let we begin . ext . royal chapel - day 47 47 back at court : the service end . everyone in the Royal Household filter out of the church . but it 's a very different atmosphere to when they enter .. the extent of henry 's affection for mary be now public knowledge evidence by .. .. the attention sir thomas and norfolk now receive from cardinal wolsey and thomas cromwell , and the way in which queen katherine and she spanish lady be be neglect . mary allow herself a private smile of satisfaction . surprise at how good it feel . to be the number 1 . int . mary room - night 48 48 mary lie in bed , in a room cover in flower . she admire a beautiful necklace in a box , and a handwritten letter from the king . we can see from mary 's face how much she like it . presently , urgent `knock ' , `knock ' , at the door . mary 's eye widen in excitement . the King ? she hurriedly close the necklace 's box . tuck the letter away in a drawer . she get out of bed . anxiously straighten she hair , then go to the door , to find .. GEORGE , she brother , who burst in .. mary George ? it 's the middle of the night . ( continued ) ( m S W I 33. GEORGE t's Anne . mary hat ? GEORGE he 's marry Henry percy ! mary ( horrify ) what ? GEORGE in secret . without tell anyone ! mary 's face fall .. mary oh , no ...! GEORGE tailing off ) you do not look pleased . mary why would I be pleased ? GEORGE it would make she the future duchess of Northumberland . we sister ! mary but they will never allow it , do not you see ? he 's already precontract to Mary Talbot , and if word of the consummation get out she reputation will be ruin .. mary pull back she sheet .. mary ... I have to tell Father . before it 's too late .. GEORGE what ? GEORGE watch mary go to the door .. GEORGE Mary ..! wait ! come back ! a 34 . int . sir thomas' study - boleyn house - london - day 49 49 a family meeting : anne and henry percy , ( the handsome young nobleman from Mary 's wedding ) , stand in front of the duke of norfolk and sir thomas boleyn and GEORGE .. sir thomas what be you think ? the marriage of a senior noble be a matter of state . something only the King can decide .. henry percy look down , avoid eye contact .. norfolk who know about this ? anne no one . norfolk then that be how it shall remain . forever . anne but you can not undo what have be do before god. ( defiant stare ) and consummate too . ` snap ' , norfolk 's quill break . sir thomas almost choke . GEORGE 's eye widen .. norfolk what ? sir thomas ( struggle to contain he anger ) there have be improper intimacy , too ? anne I have lain with my husband . there be nothing improper about it .. norfolk silence ! my God , if you be my daughter I would thrash you within a inch of you life .. anne recoil , terrify .. sir thomas the boy will return to Northumberland - where he will marry the Talbot girl . as arrange . ( continued ) a ( y ( N N 35 . sir thomas give the signal for william stafford to escort percy out . orfolk as for you . you will go to France and stay there until you have learn you lesson . mary what ? orfolk how could you do this to you sister ? you know full well she friendship with the King be at a extremely delicate stage . any scandal or black mark against Mary 's name now could be fatal . sir thomas dismiss she .. norfolk you will join the court of the french Queen . and stay there until you father have forgiven you . anne go . GEORGE follow .. int . corridor outside - day 50 50 mary pace anxiously in the corridor . presently , anne emerge from the room . Burning with humiliation . they eye meet . mary be about to speak , but anne cut she off .. anne ou tell they , do not you ? a beat ) how could you ? mary because you would never have get away with it . and it would have ruin you prospect forever . ( a beat ) believe I . I do it for you good . anne really ? for my good ? I will try to remind myself of that . while I be in exile . and you be here , in the King 's bed , and unchallenge for we father 's affection . a beat ) that it be for my good . not yours . mary anne , wait ..! ( continued ) m m y m m I 5 36 . anne storm out . GEORGE shoot mary a look , " I will deal with this " , and run after anne .. over this : we fade in music and the sound of laughter .. int . ball - room - palace - night 1 51 a grand masque ball . we be in a spectacular candle - light ballroom . musician play . large formation of dancers perform elaborately choreograph move . among they we pick out .. sir thomas boleyn stalking the party . ever watchful . on duty . vigilant . he be distract by the sight of ... his son , GEORGE boleyn , surround by francis weston and he friend . GEORGE be clearly in he element . laugh in delight . very fond and intimate with francis weston .. sir thomas look concerned for the first time . n another corner , mary be in costume , but look forlorn . she watch proceedings with a blank , distant expression . presently , a voice behind she .. masked man why look so glum , Mary ? mary turn to see a masked man behind she . mary what reason have I to be happy ? masked man ou have two man , the King of England and I , both fight for you love . the masked man be tall . his voice be quiet , but strong . mary do I know you ? masked man you know I , Mary - but not half as well as I know you . I know you better than anyone here . and love you better than anyone here , too . and if God have make I you husband instead of William carey , one thing I know .. ( a beat ) I would never have let you go . mary 's smile fade .. mary wait ! who be you ? ( continued ) N B m m y I m m 37 . mary lunge for the man 's mask to try and remove it , but the man retreat into the safety of the shadow . meanwhile .. all around mary the crowd part , and a deep voice boom out . asked man # 2 ah ! who have we here ?!? mary turn to see a second masked man , ( unmistakably the king ) , surround by courtier . m mary my name be kindness . masked man # 2 wonder , will you be kind to I ? mary what be it you desire ? masked man # 2 we love , fair Lady . mary you demand a great deal . masked man # 2 no more than I would give in return . mary notice she father be among the mask courtier . his eye give mary cue .. mary it be easy for a man to declare love from behind a mask . asked man # 2 ut if I remove it , you might reject I . mary if you feeling be sincere , I would never reject you . masked man # 2 but you do not know who I be ? I could be ugly . or poor . mary of matter how you look . or who you be . masked man # 2 really ? then I shall hold you to you word . and unmask ..! with a flourish , the king rip off he mask .. ( continued ) h m h S 38 . mary you majesty ..! sir thomas urgently nod , ` go on ! ' mary theatrically swoon . falling into the king 's arm . a gasp among the courtier .. henry he faint ! Quick ! take she to my room ! call my physician ..! sir thomas quickly pick mary up . he carry she through the crowd , out of the ball - room .. queen katherine watch from a distance . a flicker of pain . then , with great dignity and pride , she turn back to watch the entertainment .. int . king be apartment - court - night 52 52 ` thump ' , the door open , and mary be carry into the King 's apartment . henry fuss , bring water . open window . enry go! leave we ! go! sir thomas bow to the king , shoot mary meaningful look , ` do not fail I ' , and retreat . henry close the door . he and mary be leave alone . henry make she comfortable . mary thank you , you Grace . henry ` Henry ' , please . the first rule of this room , be to leave ` you Grace 's ' and ` you majesty 's ' outside . enry look up .. henry be there anything I can bring you ? mary no . henry nothing to increase you comfort or well - be ? mary you might ask you servant to bring I some water . henry go to get water himself .. ( continued ) m h h 39 . henry there . there be no servant . mary 's eye widen . the king of england bring she a drink ! mary take a sip of she drink and watch as henry go behind a screen and begin to remove he costume . his mask . mary notice a mirror , and watch in the reflection of the mirror how henry remove the costume and status of king and become a man . private . enry visibly unwind , he facial muscle relax . he breathes out deeply . his face become softer . more gentle . then he put on a comfortable robe , and emerge from behind the screen . henry go over to a pile of cushion , and flop down - and smile at mary . mary so , this be it ? this be where the King of England sleep ? henry and read . and write . and find a few moment each day ... ( gesture ) ... for himself . henry smile at mary .. henry ( cont would ) you look surprised ? mary I be . I suppose it 's more .. mary look at the bed , the book , the page of write on the desk .. mary .. simple than I imagine . enry there 's no need for show . I be only ever here alone . mary and yet you invite I here ? henry because I trust you . mary you hardly know I . ( continued ) m m ( 40 . henry a man in my position develop a instinct . a beat ) you would never lie , could never lie to I . mary smile , admit he 's right . mary no. henry I also sense ... that you might relish a opportunity to be yourself , too . mary yes . henry well , here you only say what you like , do what you like . m mary very well . mary smile . stretch out she leg . relaxes .. mary I would like a apple , please .. ( can not believe she 's say this ) .. Henry . henry jump to he foot , bring mary a apple . mary laugh , ` thank you ' . bite into the apple .. mary now it 's you turn . henry what ? mary to say something , or do something you could not outside . henry there be many thing I cannot admit to in public . sadness , for example . and loneliness . mary but when you be love as much as you be ? how can you be lonely ? ( continued ) S S I h 41 . henry do you not know what it be to be lonely in a marriage ? mary yes . I do now . enry marry my brother 's widow because my father order it . as a duty . to keep the alliance with Spain . and she be a remarkable woman . and wife . henry look at mary .. henry but I never look at she or long for she the way I do you . henry reach out . they hand meet .. henry imagine how different it might have be . for both of we .. have we be able to choose for ourselves .. henry lean forward and they kiss . gently at first . mary resisting . then harder .. ensing this , the king pick mary up and lead she to the canopy bed , and lay she down .. they begin to make love . as radical a contrast to the scene with william carey as it be possible to imagine .. mary 's eye open . she gasp . her hand grip the sheet .. int . palace - daybreak 53 53 henry and mary , entwine in one another 's arm , as the sun rise ... int . corridor - outside henry's apartment - day 54 54 several hour later : william stafford be fast asleep in a window seat in the corridor outside . finally , the door open . and mary emerge from the king 's apartment . tafford good morning . S tafford jump to he foot . waking rapidly .. ( continued ) ( m 42 . stafford I have order to bring you to you father . mary stare at stafford . as he straighten he shirt .. mary my father ..? a beat ) well , we would better not keep he wait . stafford turn , lead the way . mary follow . int . norfolk's study - court - day 55 55 the duke of norfolk 's dog be eat breakfast out of bowl by the fire . slurp hungrily . the entire family be gather . sir thomas , lady elizabeth . also present be william carey . norfolk well ..? mary stare at she husband .. norfolk do he have you ? mary 's eye burn .. mary yes . norfolk more than once ? mary stare dagger .. norfolk you would better get use to talk about it . once you sleep with the king , it 's not a private matter any more . mary yes . more than once . william carey 's face : a flicker of pain .. norfolk so he be satisfied ? mary I believe so , uncle . ( continued ) B G 43. norfolk ood . this be where we work begin . it 's one thing to catch the king . quite another to keep he . norfolk turn to sir thomas , ignore mary as though she be a piece of livestock .. norfolk I want you to keep she spotless , hair wash every day . she must read all the latest book and be able to venture and defend a interesting opinion . she must know she music , must be energetic and entertaining - in company and in bed . that 's how he like he woman . and if ever she 's in any doubt as to how to conduct herself , or what to do next - she should simply watch the Queen . that woman keep he from straying for eleven year . and the effort almost kill she . ut sir thomas have not hear . he be distract . he watch from a palace window as , in a stableyard down below .. GEORGE and francis weston return from riding together . the sound of laughter as they dismount , and hand they horse to the stable - boy .. sir thomas watch as GEORGE and francis walk back to the palace together . there 's something in they manner , the intimacy between they .. sir thomas 's smile fade . int . palace - day 56 56 ` slap ' , henry spread out a huge architect 's draw of a magnificent ship on a table . he sit with sir thomas boleyn and the duke of norfolk . henry the biggest warship in the fleet . thirty - two gun and two hundred foot long , and with you permission Thomas . . ( we notice sir thomas 's clothes have become more expensive , grander ) .. I would like to name she after you daughter . the " Mary Boleyn " . sir thomas look up in disbelief .. sir thomas majesty ! I be ... I be speechless .. ( continued ) o o a N 44 . henry onsense . she 's a angel . it 's the least she deserve . and if there 's anything else I can do for you , my friend .. as a expression of my gratitude .. let I know . sir thomas 's tail off . think .. S sir thomas 's it happen .. there be one thing . henry name it . sir thomas have clearly not stop think about what he see between GEORGE and francis weston .. sir thomas you son , George . he 's of a age now .. henry you want I to make he a match ? sir thomas bow . deadly serious .. sir thomas yes , you majesty . henry do you have anyone in mind ? sir thomas there be one lady , Sir .. henry go on .. sir thomas who I fear be too high - bear for we . and follow the unfortunate matter between Anne and Henry percy , I do not want my child to overreach themselves again .. henry verreach themselves ? henry can not help smile .. henry one be currently in the King 's bed . if they be good enough for I , I suggest they be good enough for anyone else . so .. ( gesture ) who be it ? over this : we hear GEORGE 's distraught voice .. ( continued ) G S I S S G 45 . GEORGE ( o.s. ) Jane parker ..? int . sir thomas' study - london - day 57 57 GEORGE boleyn , visibly shocked and distress , stand in front of he father . eorge I beg you , Father . no . sir thomas she 's well connect , she father be cousin to the King . and there 's money , too . GEORGE but must I actually ... marry she ? sir thomas 's expression change .. sir thomas think you have ambition for this family . G eorge I do . sir thomas and that you wish to make a contribution yourself . not just stand back and watch you sister . eorge nod .. sir thomas then my advice would be to start behave like a man . a real man . do I make myself clear ? sir thomas walk out . GEORGE stare after he .. GEORGE ( quiet ) yes , sir. int . ball - room - parker family castle - night 58 58 musician play . we be at GEORGE 's wedding . attend by the king and queen , all the senior lord . it 's a markedly grander and posher affair than mary 's earlier wedding , a clear indication of the boleyns ' new , elevate status . ( continued ) S S R B 46 . a formation dance be in progress . at the centre of it : GEORGE dance with a radiant , triumphant jane parker . GEORGE 's eye meet that of francis weston across the room . y contrast : henry dance with mary . a couple with eye on for each other . lock to one another . blissfully unaware of and uninterested in anyone else . silently count the minute before they can tear off one another 's clothes .. everse angle to reveal : they intimacy be witness by william carey , who we notice be now drink heavily , drown he jealous sorrow .. elsewhere : sir thomas boleyn be dance with he wife , lady elizabeth . he hiss through a fix smile .. sir thomas for God 's sake , it 's the wedding of we youngest child attend by the King of England and the great lord in the land . would a smile be too much to ask ? lady elizabeth what 's to smile about ? I be a mother with one child on he wedding day look like he 's be condemn to death . he indicate GEORGE , who dance with jane parker .. lady elizabeth another banish abroad , in disgrace . and a third whore in public with a adulterer . sir thomas for the moment she 's happy . sir thomas watch mary who dance with the king .. lady elizabeth but will she be happy when he leave she ? because you know that 's how it will end . sir thomas only God know how anything will end . lady elizabeth God ..? he turn he back on all this a long time ago . sir thomas stare coldly at he wife . he applaud as the dance come to a end . ( continued ) W m W m W 47 . in another corner : mary and the king also clap . henry whisper sexily in mary 's ear . she laugh . then henry be call to one side ... mary be momentarily leave alone . she look up to see william carey stand in front of she , sway slightly . william you be in love with he , be not you ? mary illiam , you be drunk . william how be it ? with he ? mary stare - suddenly hard - punish he . mary he please I . be that what you want to hear ? william what do he do to you ? tell I . I want to know .. mary pull away . but carey pull she roughly to one side . henry see this from across the room .. william I know you look at I with contempt . but I have no choice . you father insisted I stand aside . what be I expect to do ? mary say `no ' , husband . ( a beat ) that be all you have to do . mary pull she arm away , and go . she walk across the room , visibly shake , and join the king . 5 int . henry's apartment - day 9 59 henry and mary make love . two people give everything of themselves .. hour later : they lie together , envelop in one another 's arm . mary be awake . the King asleep in she arm . she lovingly stroke he hair . watch he breathe . her face be glow . content . and the look in she eye tell we more eloquently and unequivocally than any sonnet .. ( continued ) I m 48 . ... that she have fall in love . fade to black : int . mary apartment - court - day 60 60 the sound of groan . wretching . shoot through a half - open door , we see mary hunch over she basin , vomit . p resently , she emerge from the bathroom . White -face . her hand instinctively cover she belly . mary 's eye widen with the implication . int . king be apartment - day 61 61 sir thomas boleyn and the duke of norfolk stare at mary . also present be several physician and GEORGE boleyn .. sir thomas be you certain ? mary yes . sir thomas look at the physician , who nod .. sir thomas n that case ... I suppose ... someone should tell the King . int . henry's apartment - day 62 62 shoot through a half - open door .. sir thomas and the duke of norfolk be have a private audience with the king . sir thomas whisper something in henry 's ear .. ( we do not hear the word - we do not need to ) . henry 's face break out in a smile . he delightedly shake sir thomas 's hand . over this : the sound of a voice .. sir thomas ( o.s. ) keep they shut ... still shut .. int . court - accommodation - day 63 63 a blindfolded mary be lead through door by sir thomas.. into a suite of grand , unfurnish room , the most prestigious accommodation at court .. ( continued ) ( L ( G 49 . sir thomas now open ! mary remove she blindfold . she gasp in disbelief , turn 360 degree , stare at the size , and grandeur of the location .. sir thomas there 's more . thanks to you , I be to become a Earl . you brother a viscount . eorge smile at mary , who 's eye widen .. sir thomas ( cont would ) in addition , we have receive a number of new grant and estate . pointedly , to lady elizabeth ) so we debt be pay off . but lady elizabeth remain granite - face .. lady elizabeth just be aware . this vgift ' , this `favour ' can go as swiftly as it come . this room belong to the Duke of Buckingham . once the King 's close friend . now he head rot on a spike .. sir thomas because he commit treason . ady elizabeth but what be `treason ' ? it 's anything the King or he lawyer decide it to be . anything that offend he , or cause he displeasure . a beat ) and can you assure I we will never do that ? lady elizabeth turn and walk out . mary look anxiously at sir thomas , who gesture dismissively .. sir thomas pay she no heed .. int . mary bedroom - day 64 64 mary wake up . she get out of bed . she go to the window and draw the curtain . then mary look down , and gasp . the floor have fresh drop of blood on it . mary go to she bed , and rip back the sheet . her eye widen in horror . there be blood all over the sheet . ( continued ) T 50 . mary cover she mouth . let out a loud cry . the sound of approach footstep as servant come run .. int . mary apartment - day 65 65 mary lie on the bed be examine by several physician . sir thomas and the duke of norfolk look on in concern . finally , the physician turn , wash he hand .. physician happily , the baby life . she 's not miscarry . S sir thomas 's face . overcome with relief .. physician but the placenta be weak . for the sake of the child .. the physician clear he throat . this will not be easy .. physician she must begin she lie - in immediately . mary ( horrify ) what ? mary look up . her heart sink . mary but I be only three month .. 66 66 int . mary bedroom - court - day mary lie in she bed , watch with a forlorn expression as midwive and maids prepare the apartment for lie - in . apestries with soothing biblical image be hang on the wall . curtain be draw for darkness . a large crucifix be place in a corner . as each tapestry be hang , the room become darker ... .. and darker . ..and darker . mary crane she neck to remain in sunlight for as long as possible , but before long .. ..her face slip into darkness , and the room into total silence . and effective imprisonment . a T 6 h y 51 . int . mary apartment - day 67 67 darkness . the king stand at the foot of mary 's bed . he be clearly uncomfortable in this `maternal ' surroundings .. henry ou poor girl . all alone in here . but the time will fly by . mary will it ? it 's six month ? henry I know . but the most important thing be a healthy child . enry take mary 's hand .. henry ( cont would ) I will come and see you as often as I can . I promise . h enry kiss mary , then go . 8 68 int . court - day the king 's birthday . the master of revel have organised a lavish ball . the entire court be assemble and dance , but henry appear sullen , distant . unable to celebrate . he miss mary . he queen have several of she prettiest spanish lady - in waiting surround the king . giggle , fragrant butterfly . but henry show no interest . the duke of norfolk notice this . a flicker of concern . ext . garden - day 69 69 a archery competition be in progress . but henry pay no attention . he sit listlessly to one side . Ill - tempere and miss mary . mong the guest be sir JOHN seymour and he child . they notice the king , all alone . they talk among themselves . sense a opportunity , sir JOHN seymour advance , and present he pretty daughter jane to the king . the duke of norfolk , ( never far away ) , notice how modestly and demurely young jane seymour flirt . ( continued ) F 52 . she have be well train . but she make no impact on henry . he wave the seymour away . not remotely interested . or the moment . int . mary room - lying - in - evening 70 70 the king be visit mary . he sit by she bed . they hold hand and be talk intimately . pull back to reveal : this be be watch by the duke of norfolk , and sir thomas boleyn . norfolk 's face be dark and brood .. norfolk for the moment he 's still visit Mary . but for how long ? the Queen will soon have he head spin with pretty little Spanish thing . not to mention the seymour with that girl of theirs . norfolk look up ... norfolk what we need be someone from our family who will keep the King focus on Mary , remind he of she while she be absent . sir thomas be about to speak , then change he mind . norfolk what ? speak .. sir thomas it 's just ... I be go to suggest Anne . norfolk you could not control that girl last time . what make you think it would be any different now ? sir thomas I have have favourable report from the dowager Queen in France . it seem she be quite change . int . mary apartment - day 71 71 mary sit up . her eye widen in horror .. ( continued ) h m 53. mary why ? sitting beside she in the darkness , be she brother GEORGE .. GEORGE I suppose they feel three year of exile be punishment enough . mary but the King visit I every day . there 's no need for she . or anyone else . GEORGE they just want to protect you . leave nothing to chance . mary but in who 's interest do they imagine Anne will act ? certainly not mine . GEORGE turn , look all around he .. GEORGE ( cont would ) why do they make this room such a dungeon ? do it really need to be this dark ? GEORGE notice mary 's vex expression .. GEORGE do not worry . she 's have three year to forgive you . and she 's not go to risk be send away again . she will do as she 's tell , I be sure . ( a beat ) besides , the most important thing be .. GEORGE move mary 's lip into a upward shape .. GEORGE the three of we will be together again . mary 's lip : a reluctant , unconvincing smile .. fade to black : ext . kent countryside - coast - day 72 72 the thunder of gallop horse . alf a dozen rider , among they a hooded woman , riding side - saddle , tear across the countryside .. p 54 . ext . village - day 73 73 the rider and the woman gallop through village , spraying mud . villager stop and stare .. a mother pull a child out of the path of the rider . ext . countryside - night 74 74 the rider and the woman ride in silhouette against a perfect full moon .. ext . countryside - day 75 75 henry and several of he courtier return from a hunt trip . several dead stag be carry on horseback . the atmosphere be celebratory . it 's be a good day . dog bark in excitement . int . greenwich palace - that night 76 76 a dinner at court . henry be at one end , in serious conversation with foreign ambassador . presently , at the other end of the table , loud laughter . h enry look up , then return to he conversation . it 's not long before another loud gale of laughter in the corner of the room . henry look up again . then return to he conversation . resently , a third roar of laughter at the other end . this time , henry lose patience .. henry what 's the noise ? I can hardly hear myself think ! at the other end , a courtier get to he foot .. brandon it 's mistress Boleyn , you majesty . her storey about life at the french court . they be particularly amusing . henry 's expression change . the room fall silent .. henry I be only aware of one Boleyn girl and she be lie - in with a certain child in she belly ! ( continued ) a h a a 55 . sir thomas boleyn get to he foot .. sir thomas it 's my elder daughter , Anne , you majesty . she have return to court . henry what ? that awful girl , Thomas ? the one that almost kill I ? ( a beat ) you allow she back ? sir thomas the time abroad have do she good , you majesty . I be certain you would find she much improve . henry really ..? henry look down the table .. henry well , come on . where be you , other Boleyn girl ? show you face . anne slowly get to she foot . henry look up . when he see anne 's face , he face fall .. anne be a woman transformed . go be the simple clothes , puppy fat and lack of confidence . anne have become a glorious , head -turn siren ; dress in dare french clothes . er hood be half - crescent , and reveal the hair . her neckline plunge sexily . her sleeve be long and loose , offer dare flash of arm and elbow .. like every other red-blooded man in the room , henry be utterly mesmerise . speechless .. henry so ? what be so amusing , Anne ? perhaps we might hear and judge for ourselves ? anne dark , intelligent eye stare back at henry . suddenly , all sound fade , and the world shrink around they : it 's as though they be the only two people in the room .. anne I be just give my thought on the new french King . henry which be ..? ( continued ) h R R 56 . anne that for someone with such great wealth , and power ..he have surprisingly little authority as a man . henry hah ! anne and be so consume by one particular rivalry he can barely think . henry eally ? and who be this rival ? anne a neighbour King , who 's name one be forbidden to mention at court . whose reputation haunt he in he thought and dream . ipple of laughter , as people guess .. anne whose army and navy thwart he every endeavour . whose physical and intellectual endowment be know far and wide . enry laugh too . enjoy this .. anne in order to restore he confidence , this french King spend a fortune on anything that glitter , on building of castle with large tower .. anne artfully gesture the phallic implication .. anne but this symbol of wealth and virility fail to convince . talk among the lady at court in France suggest .. a anne stop herself ... henry what ? anne that in this department too , the King have he shortcomings . anne 's gesture , ( discreetly wiggling she small finger ) . henry stare for a moment . a deathly silence . have she go too far ? ( continued ) m o S I S E 57 . then henry smile . delighted . dog bark in bewilderment . soon everyone in the room laugh too . xcept for the seymour , ( sir JOHN and he son , edward and thomas ) , who glower , mute , at the end of the table beside they sister jane .. int . mary bedroom - day 77 77 sir thomas beam with excitement and satisfaction ... sir thomas you should have see the seymour ! they face ! mary lie in bed . sitting by she side be she father .. sir thomas they must have think that with you out of the way , they have a real opportunity with that pale - face thing of theirs , Jane ... sir thomas smile as he remember .. sir thomas ( cont would ) but Anne put pay to that . last night , the King only have eye for we boleyn . mary shoot a private , know look .. mary or her , you mean . sir thomas what ? mary be wary of any suggestion that Anne would serve anyone but herself . France can not have change she that much . sir thomas n this occasion I be quite satisfied she be be loyal to you . mary really ? mary stare hollow - eye .. mary ( cont would ) then ask yourself this . if she be really so concerned for my well - be ... ( a beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) ( h h 7 58 . ... then why hasry ( co not dcome to see I ma she not ' ) since she return ? ext . tiltyard - day 78 78 henry and several of he close courtier be sparring close - combat sword fight . it 's tough , physical , no-hold bar stuff .. int . armoury - day 9 79 afterward : henry and he courtier , ( among they GEORGE ) , be be undress and wash by they page and squire .. henry you be a fortunate man , George . to be bless with G two such sister . eorge yes , my Lord . there be a powerful physicality , a sexual confidence to henry which he exude , even among man . he move closer to GEORGE . enry tell I . be they as different in temper as they be in look ? GEORGE oh , yes . each have she own , quite distinct virtue . Mary for example .. henry I be familiar with Mary 's . tell I about Anne 's . GEORGE Anne ? well , she 's strong . some might say `difficult ' . enry headstrong . with a fiery temper . GEORGE but with it come great passion , too . it 's both the best and the worst thing about she . a beat ) there be no half measure with Anne . henry careful , you will make I think I choose the wrong Boleyn girl . ( continued ) a S 8 a 59 . GEORGE oh , no . I be certain Mary be the right choice . you will have a serene , happy , life with she . the risk be with Anne , it might be like be catch in a wild summer storm . henry be that so ..? GEORGE have try to put henry off . but might just have say the wrong thing . henry storm , you say ..? int . boleyn apartment - court - following day 0 80 a small , precious - look gift BOX sit on a table . ervant from the King , madam . anne look at the box . her heart miss a beat . it carry the unmistakable royal seal . anne open it . a servant stare .. anne I say `open it . ' the servant open it . other servant crane they neck , stand on tiptoe . Inside be a large pearl pendant . the servant gasp . anne , too . cover she mouth . it 's beautiful .. but from somewhere , she manage to find the strength .. anne now close it again . and send it back . the servant stare in disbelief .. anne ( cont would ) you hear I . the servant bow , and leave , take the box . anne watch , a look of mischief in she eye . she 's up to no good . int . king be apartment - day 81 81 the servant nervously stand in front of the king , hold the box .. ( continued ) . 8 60 . henry she do what ? servant send it back , you Grace . henry 's face . confound .. henry send it back ? ext . boleyn apartment - day 82 82 a royal messenger , in the King 's livery , hold a larger , more expensive look gift BOX , walk towards the Boleyn house .. int . boleyn apartment - day 83 83 anne shake she head , and send the gift back . she look anxious . know this be a high risk game she 's play . int . king be apartment - day 84 84 the messenger stand in front of the king , hold the reject BOX in he hand .. henry what ? again ? ext . boleyn apartment - day 85 85 the same royal messenger walk towards the boleyn house . this time hold a even larger , more expensive - look gift .. int . boleyn apartment - day 86 86 again , anne shake she head , and send the gift back . int . king be apartment - day 7 87 the king be in a meeting with several ambassador on a important matter . the door open . he look up to see .. . the messenger return with the latest gift . henry 's smile fade . h a 61 . int . corridor - court - day 88 88 ` crash ' , the king , flanke by several of he most intimidating courtier , burst through door , and storm along a corridor . it 's a impressive sight .. people scatter to get out of the way . int . boleyn apartment - court - day 89 89 the king burst in . everyone leap to they foot . servant stop and stare and curtsey . lady elizabeth bow , clearly throw .. lady elizabeth you majesty . henry turn full circle , look for someone .. henry you daughter . where be she ? lady elizabeth Mary ..? henry Anne ! int . boleyn apartment - day 90 90 anne hear the king 's voice . her eye widen . she look down . see henry . anne smile privately - it 's confirmation that she strategy have work . t that moment , henry see she , call out , ` Anne ! ' . anne 's smile fade . enry dash up the stair .. int . boleyn apartment - day 91 91 anne , who be not properly dress for the king , rush back to she room . henry follow . anne close the door .. henry Anne .. a anne ( hurriedly dress ) you Grace ? they speak through the door .. ( continued ) a h a I a B 62 . henry you receive my gift ? anne yes . henry and ? they do not please you ? anne on the contrary , my Lord . they pleased I greatly . henry then why do you return they ? now anne open the door . she appear wear a stun outfit .. int . boleyn apartment - day 92 92 anne step into the corridor . close the door behind she . anne ecause my sister lie in bed with you child . if you wish to please I , Sir , then send she the gift you send I . henry I have show Mary enough kindness and generosity . it 's you I want , Anne . anne beg you , my Lord , do not do this . what have change so ? henry you . do not you see ? you have change . anne but Mary be still the mother of you child . and even if she be not .. enry what ? anne how could I forget that you choose she above I when we first meet ? you like she better . henry not true .. anne either way , I could never betray my own sister .. ( more ) ( continued ) a 9 T 63. ( a beat ) ne ( cont would ) a now I beg you , leave I . this be too difficult to bear . henry you see ! the same pain as mine ! it prove you feel the same way ! anne perhaps . but since it can never come to anything .. henry let I decide that . for now , you have give I hope . h enry go on bend knee , kiss she hand , and go . anne be leave alone . she breathes out . then look down at she hand . hey be shaking . fade to black : 93 93 int . mary bedroom - night mary be asleep . Dead of night . suddenly she wake up , and hold she stomach , ` ouch !'. it 's the first contraction . int . sir thomas' bedroom - same time 94 94 sir thomas be asleep . the sound of voice . a commotion outside . the sound of bang on he door .. stafford Sir Thomas ! it 's Mary ..! int . mary room - night 5 95 mary cry out in pain . the contraction become stronger . midwive and physician urgently do they business . pot of boil water . primitive surgical instrument . priest arrive , ready to perform the last rite .. int . mary room - night 96 96 the duke of norfolk , sir thomas , and GEORGE boleyn arrive in mary 's bedroom , and stare anxiously as the labour begin in earnest .. sir thomas do the King know ? ( continued ) a 64 . GEORGE he 's on he way . anne , who overhear this , surreptitiously adjust she dress . mary scream in agony . the labour be well and truly under way . medically , it 's a primitive , brutal affair .. no comprehension of sterilisation . midwive have dirty hand . physician use rusty , blood-stain instrument .. presently : the king arrive with several courtier .. sir thomas any moment , you Grace . but the king have not hear . he have see anne . suddenly , it 's as if all sound , all vision disappear , except for anne . he stand beside she .. all around they the violence and dramatic activity of the birth unfold ; but for all they connection with it , henry and anne might as well be in a rise garden .. henry Anne .. anne stare ahead at mary 's bed .. henry Anne , I love you .. anne you Grace , this be not the time .. henry I love you Anne . I can not stop think about you . I can not eat , I can not sleep .. anne but how could I ever trust you ? norfolk crane he neck to listen .. anne when I have see how you have betrayed first you wife . and now my sister . henry take anne to one side ... henry I vow from this moment forth I will never lie with my wife , or speak to you sister again . I will do anything you ask .. ( continued ) a a 65 . mary 's contraction build . birth be imminent . physician and midwive work to deliver the baby . anne think , then .. anne then do not acknowledge the child . henry be throw .. henry what ? with a blood - curdle scream , mary finally give birth . sir thomas and norfolk crowd into the room , anxious to see .. physician a boy ! sir thomas turn towards henry , beam with happiness .. sir thomas it 's a boy , you majesty . a strong , healthy boy . henry 's face : a boy ? his eye fill with emotion . this be what he have wait for . a son . anne notice he conflict , and prompt he again .. anne what my sister have give you , I could , too . henry look at the baby , then turn to face anne . his eye be full of conflict , then .. he silently nod . anne 's face break out in a smile .. anne very well . then , in front of everyone , not caring how inappropriate it be , henry fall to he knee , take anne 's hand and kiss it . the audible sound of gasp . mary watch in horror as henry fall to he knee and kiss anne 's hand .. m mary ( a dagger in she heart ) Henry ..? henry get to he foot , then turn and walk away without look in the direction of mary or the baby . mary ( cont would ) my Lord ..? mary stare after the king , but he do not turn around . ( continued ) L L a a 66 . instead , mary 's eye meet anne 's . anne 's eye stare back . the ultimate moment of revenge . barely perceptible smile of satisfaction , then anne turn and go . the midwive and physician stare at one another , visibly embarrassed by what they have just witness . the clear of throat , averting of eye . then they get on with they work to the sound of the mary 's cry .. int . sir thomas' study - night 97 97 ` crash ' , sir thomas and norfolk burst into the study , angrily slamm the door close behind they . anne be inside . norfolk damn you ! Three year we have be work on this ! not a single detail be leave to chance ! and now , in the moment of we great glory .. norfolk stare at anne .. norfolk all I can say be you would better have a plan . and it have better work . anne stare back defiantly .. anne or what ... uncle ? lady elizabeth stop it ! both of you . what shall we do about Mary ? and the child ? or have we forget they already ? anne Mary should go back to she husband . not a flicker of emotion on she face . anne she have be inconvenience long enough by this family . ady elizabeth Fine . then you can be the one to tell she . ady elizabeth stare at anne .. ( continued ) 1 a 9 67 . lady elizabeth I think you have earn that privilege . lady elizabeth turn and walk out . anne 's smile fade . 9 int . mary apartment - day 8 98 mary lie in bed . she look pale . exhausted . int . corridor - day 9 99 anne stare into the room through a crack in the doorway . a flicker of doubt . what have she do ? to she own sister ? anne check herself . enough sentiment . she swallow it . no enter . int . mary apartment - day 00 100 mary look up as anne enter , and freeze .. mary how can you show you face in here ? anne I understand you be angry - but be assure . I do nothing , except remind he of you . mary oh , spare I . you do this deliberately . as revenge . ( a beat ) and now you have what you want you probably think justice have be do . anne well , have not it ? mary be careful , that 's my advice . learn from my experience . because he will only do to you what he have do to I . anne never . I will make sure he understand I be a great thing by far . that he can never have I until he make I a far great offer . ( continued ) o 68 . mary you will never get Henry percy back , if that 's what you mean . anne that 's not what I mean . anne 's eye burn with anger .. anne and do not you ever mention he name to I again . I will never forget how you betrayed I . mary if that 's what you think , fine . tell yourself that . anne I do , sister . every day for three year . anne turn , and walk out . ext . courtyard - day 101 101 mary be leave court . pale . weak . her belonging have be pack into box . ahead of she , the baby be be carry by midwive , lead by william stafford . mary walk across a courtyard , then stop in she track . ver by the stable : the king and anne be mount horse to go riding together . henry lift anne up into the saddle behind he , ( how she have learn ! ) . anne hold tight , she arm wrap around he waist .. at that moment , anne look over and see mary . they eye meet . they stare for a beat , then .. anne kick henry 's horse , ` hah ! ' , and they ride out . galloping into the distance . mary 's face : fight to hold onto she dignity . william stafford watch she , he eye burn with sympathy . reverse angle : to reveal , this be all be watch by queen katherine , from a palace window above .. queen katherine turn , and coldly let the curtain drop .. ext . countryside - day 102 102 mary and she entourage travel through the countryside in a small caravan of horse and wagon . it 's raining heavily . W 69 . ext . hillside - day 103 103 the rain continue . mary 's carriage approach the manor house . at one time this be everything she want . now it 's a prison . int . manor house - night 104 104 mary sit at the dinner table with she husband , william carey , who 's health have deteriorate . he drink heavily . a shadow of he former self . he stare at the baby .. W william have you christen the child ? mary Henry . william I see . a painful smile .. william and be he to take my name ? or be he to be a fitzroy or some other sign that he be a royal bast ... mary he be to be Henry carey . william I see . a silence , then .. william well , then , here we be . william stare at mary . clearly still in love with she . william I could pretend none of this ever happen . start again . ( a beat ) if you could . mary 's face . manage a brave smile . int . carey' house - court - night 105 105 mary lie in bed , she eye open and stare blankly at the moon outside , as william carey make love to she . ( continued ) ( a h F m 70 . after a short , frenzied thrashing .. he climax , then as before , roll over and fall asleep . mary stare at the ceiling . ade to black : ext . palace - summer 106 106 gorgeous sunshine . greenwich Palace at it 's most beautiful . ext . garden - day 107 107 henry and anne walk through the garden . out of earshot of the entire court which be assemble outside .. henry well , I have do what you ask . will you give yourself to I , now ? anne as what ? henry my one true mistress . to whom I be loyal above all other ? anne but it 's not true . you be loyal to the queen above all other . henry my wife ? I barely see she . anne but she sit on a throne beside you . accompany you to every state function . enry for appearance sake only . in every other regard , we marriage be a sham . anne still , she be you wife . and ever present . and I feel she eye on I . and that of she spy . anne nervously look leave and right .. anne and look at we . forever reduce to meeting in secret like this . speak in whisper . a beat ) hardly conducive to passion ? ( continued ) h ( 71 . henry well , what would you have I do ? int . court - day 108 108 anne watch from a distance as henry talk to wolsey . we do not hear they dialogue , but the two men be have a heat discussion . voice be raise . wolsey plead with the king to be reasonable . henry silence he angrily , then walk out .. int . court - anne's apartment - winter - day 109 109 anne enter a lavish draw - room , and sit down . she pick up a book , and pretend to be read . henry enter , sidle up behind anne , put he arm around she , then .. henry wolsey have agree to draw up plan for the Queen to be send to a nunnery . henry kiss anne on the neck .. henry she will protest , of course . she will not go quietly , but she know she have fail to give I a son , and deserve she exile . henry kiss anne ) which leave you all alone at court .. he begin to unbutton she dress .. henry ... queen in all but name . mother to any future heir . enry unbutton and kiss lower , lower . henry so , be this assurance enough ? will you give yourself to I now ? a flicker behind anne 's eye , then .. anne I would like to . but I be afraid I find the insult too much to bear . henry what insult ? ( continued ) a a a h B ( h 72 . anne because as long as we remain unmarried , any child I give you would forever be daube `bastard ' and I a `whore ' . enry ut what alternative be there ? throw hand up in exasperation ) my love for the Queen may have die , but even you must concede , she be still very much alive . a anne Katherine of aragon be alive . that woman be not worthy of the title ` quee n ' . enry oh , Anne . anne I really do not know why we waste time talk of convent when you could annul the marriage . henry annul it ? anne that woman marry two brother and therefore sin against God . henry but she never consummate the marriage with my brother . anne they be marry six month . henry Arthur be a sick man . anne and Katherine be a shrewd woman who know that she position as Queen would never be safe until she bedd you brother . ( a beat ) talk to you adviser . they will tell you as much . anne walk out . henry stare . int . court - several month later - day 110 110 anne sit in she study work . henry appear in the doorway . his face be dark . conflict . ( continued ) m S I ( T y 73. henry wolsey have agree to charge the Queen ? anne but that 's wonderful . anne 's smile , then notice .. anne why do you look sad ? henry because she will contest it . which mean put she on trial . and hearing this delicate matter in public . anne es . but any court make up of you bishop will surely find in you favour . and declare the marriage invalid . now it 's anne 's turn to start kissing henry round the neck .. anne hen you , my sweet Lord , will be free to remarry . ( sense he arousal ) then I can give myself to you fully . kissing he lower , lower .. ) and give you everything you .. ( a beat ) .. desire . anne stop , leave henry highly arouse .. ext . countryside - day 111 111 it 's mid-winter . a lone rider appear on the snowy crest of the hill look down on rochford Hall . t's william stafford , ( now bearded ) . he kick he horse . ride down towards the house . int . rochford hall - day 112 112 a fire roar . stafford warm himself , stare at mary 's new baby daughter , ( catherine ) , in a a cot . tafford she 's beautiful . mary thank you . ( continued ) S m 74 . stafford I bring gift from you family . a night - dress from you mother . ( to young henry ) this from you uncle George . stafford produce a small wood sword from behind he back . Little henry take the sword . swoosh it with excitement . mary please be sure to thank they - though one wonder what 's keep they so busy that not a single one of they find time to visit the new baby . stafford it 's Anne . she 's turn this country on its head . she have persuade the king to test the validity of he marriage , and put the queenm on trial . mary what ? stafford she continue to hold out . expertly withold she favour until ... mary ..until what ? stafford until he make she the ultimate offer . mary 's eye widen .. mary High stake indeed . ext . rochford hall - stable yard - day 113 113 mary follow stafford out to the stable where freshly water and feed horse be wait .. mary and my brother George ? tafford continue to be promote . as do you Father . I lose track of they latest title . stafford smile . mount he horse .. ( continued ) T m h 75 . stafford ow be you husband ? I hear he be unwell . mary he be . stafford I be sorry . stafford stare at she . they eye meet . stafford open he mouth , for a moment it look as if he 's about to finally declare he feeling , then .. william ( o.s. ) Mary ..! william carey 's voice call out from inside . stafford 's expression change . now 's not the right time . he kick he horse , and ride off . 114 114 int . rochford hall - bedroom - day william carey lie in bed , emaciate , cough blood , weak and sick , call out for help , ` Mary ! ' 115 115 int . rochford hall - corridor - day mary walk down a corridor towards she husband 's bedroom . as she go , she pass a window . she stop . and look out . in the distance be william stafford 's horse . reaching the brow of a hill .. ext . hill - countryside - day 116 116 at that precise moment , william stafford 's horse reach the top of the hill .. stafford ( pull horse up ) whoa .. stafford turn , and face back down at the house . he take a last look . for a moment there be a connection between they both . hen , he turn , and kick he horse , and ride over the brow . h a a 76 . int . rochford hall - corridor - day 117 117 mary watch he go , then stop - catch herself feel something for the first time . then she turn and walk along the corridor .. .. back in the direction of william carey 's cough . int . court - day 118 118 a hall fill with lawyer and ambassador from both side . arguably the grandest , most significant divorce proceedings in history . anne watch from a distance as henry talk to cardinal wolsey . then henry turn . he walk towards anne . henry the Queen have insisted a papal representative be present at the trial . but wolsey have assure I the trial will proceed for appearance sake only . we have we verdict . anne then what trouble you ? henry one or two friend have refuse to lend they support . among they , Thomas more . ( a beat ) and then there 's the small matter of my conscience . anne why ? you have justice on you side . henry stare , conflict .. henry do I ? anne stroke he head . pacify he . but the look on she face tell we - this be get harder and harder . int . henry's quarter - court - several month later 119 119 henry sit at breakfast . reading official correspondence . legal document . and private letter . e sort through the various scroll , matter of state , then find one . a letter in a hand he do not recognise . ( continued ) ( S a 1 77 . a quizzical look . henry crack the seal and begin to read the letter . presently , he expression change . then he face darken ominously . his knuckle whiten .. int . corridor - court - day 120 120 sir thomas and the duke of norfolk storm down a corridor . they face be grim . it 's a terrifying sight . int . anne's room - day 21 121 ` crash ' , the door fly open . sir thomas and norfolk burst in . anne be in the bath . she cover herself .. sir thomas ` Mary Talbot ' . anne who ? sir thomas Mary Talbot !! the girl that marry Henry percy . it seem she have petition the King , demand a divorce from she husband ( on the grounds .. he can hardly bring himself to say the word ) ... that he prior betrothal to you be actually .. ( he knuckle whiten ) .. consummate . anne 's eye widen in horror ..` what ? ' sir thomas I know this would come back to haunt we ! anne I must go to the King . sir thomas no ! he do not want to see you ! or hear a word from you lip ! he 's far too angry . a beat ) it seem the only Boleyn he will speak to , the only person who 's testimony he will trust in this matter .. ( a beat ) ... be Mary . anne 's face . a dagger in she heart . ( continued ) h S a ( a 1 78 . anne Mary ? ext . cemetery - day 122 122 a cemetery in mid-winter . william carey 's coffin be lower into the ground . mary , dress in window 's black , step forward , take a shovel , throw earth on the grave . mary walk back to comfort the child . the elderly priest continue with the service . mary bow she head . then she sense someone 's eye be on she . she look up , and she expression change .. there be GEORGE . her brother . stand among the handful of mourner . stare at she . 23 123 int . court - boleyn house - night the entire boleyn family be assemble . sir thomas , lady elizabeth , the duke of norfolk , GEORGE and , at the centre of proceedings , anne herself . the atmosphere be tense . presently , the door open , and mary enter the room . in widow 's weed . all eye on she . and she child . a sharp intake of breath , a ripple of shock at the state of they . in simple country clothes . mary curtsey .. sir thomas Mary . n awkward silence . mary hold she child 's hand .. sir thomas we be so sorry . clear throat ) about you husband .. int . court - boleyn house - night 124 124 several maids be assemble , fussing over mary . transform she from penniless country widow to sophisticated courtier again . a anne enter , ( unseen by mary ) , and usher everyone out . she take the brush from the depart servant , and continue to brush mary 's hair . anne uch beautiful hair . earing anne 's voice , mary freeze . ( continued ) y m m 79 . anne thank you for come . mary look up . notice anne 's hand be shaking .. anne I hate how this matter have come between we . I want to come to see you after you daughter be bear , and again when you husband die , but .. mary it 's fine . mary pull away . raise she hand .. mary leave I . please ..? anne stare at mary , she lip tremble .. anne I be frighten , Mary . what have I do ? mary turn away . avoid anne 's eye . int . king be apartment - night 125 125 the king sit in he private apartment . he look up as mary enter , and curtsey deeply . see mary , he dog enthusiastically greet she . lapping at she . mary look at the king . she be overcome with emotion , but find the strength to hide it .. henry ah! Mary ! come in . mary walk closer . henry closer .. ( beckon ) into the light . mary walk closer . henry look at she .. henry the other Boleyn girl . I would forget how beautiful you be . mary look at he . something have change in he . a perceptible darkness around the eye . a sadness .. mary ou ask to see I , you Grace ? T a a y h 80 . int . corridor outside king apartment - day 126 126 the boleyn family member be pace outside . anxious . anne and sir thomas exchange look . finally : the door open . mary emerge from the King 's apartment . er entire family stare expectantly at she . anne step forward , barely able to conceal she anxiety .. anne and ..? 1 int . boleyn apartment - court - night 27 127 mary be put the child to bed , tucking young henry in . oung henry mama ? what 's the matter ? mary 's face : visibly upset . her hand shaking . mary ( put brave face on ) nothing . mary smile , tenderly kiss young henry . anne appear in the doorway . watch through a half - open door . Notes how loving mary be as a mother .. mary get to she foot . walk towards anne . int . corridor - boleyn apartment - night 128 128 mary close the door behind she . anne stare at she , then .. anne ( with difficulty ) I be forever in you debt . mary you owe I nothing , sister . I do it that we may finally draw a line beneath everything that have happen between we . anne hen let it be exactly that . a new start between we . here at court . anne embrace mary , who stiffen . ( continued ) V 1 W a E m ( 81 . mary thank you . but I would rather go back to we home in the country . anne what ? that damp old ruin ? with no food ? or warmth ? a beat ) why do not you let you family look after you ? you child would have the best of everything here . they would grow up safe and secure . mary stare , horrify . but before she can reply ... the sound of a commotion , from outside . the sound of trumpet . the unmistakable noise of arrive soldier . veryone rush to a window . look down to see a small army . t the centre of everything : a grand , old , bearded archbishop climb down from a opulent carriage . mary ho 's that ? sir thomas the papal legate . send by the Pope to preside over the Queen 's trial . mary look first at anne , then back out as the long procession dramatically enter the Palace Gates . mary so , it 's true . it 's really happen ? anne suddenly look pale . vulnerable . frightened . anne yes , it be . stay with I , please ? I need my sister by I side . ext . blackfriar - courthouse - day 29 129 a huge crowd be assemble . despite the intimidating presence of the king 's guard , the people shout vigorously in support of queen katherine . crying out she name . the queen arrive . ast cheer go up . int . blackfriar monastery - day 130 130 we be in a pack courtroom . the room be fill with the country 's high - rank bishop . to one side : anne and mary watch from behind a screen .. ( continued ) y a ( a 82. mary hear the crowd 's cheer for the queen . scream of support and affection , `long live Queen Katherine ' , ` we one true Queen ' . mary look anxious .. mary the crowd be with she . anne the crowd have no vote . a beat ) and the bishop that do be in wolsey 's pocket . anne watch as katherine enter court . the queen see anne , and start walk directly towards they .. anne ( cont would ) God , she 's come towards we . queen katherine walk towards the screen , reach it , then q push it aside , intimidatingly flanke by she lawyer .. ueen katherine so.. the Boleyn whore . two former lady of mine . hiding in shadow . ( a beat ) what do I do to upset you , that you should turn against I like this ? anne you fail to give England a heir . queen katherine and that upset you so ? anne what upset the King upset I . queen katherine straighten . Big mistake . queen katherine how dare you ! crier ( call out ) Katherine , Queen of England , come into court ..! katherine 's lawyer try to drag she away from anne , but she wrench herself free .. queen katherine ou want I to creep away and become a nun ? well , I shall not . you want I to lie before God and admit my first marriage be consummate ? well , it be not . ( more ) ( continued ) k h 83. you want I toueen katherine ( cont would ) q retire and withdraw my daughter 's claim as sole rightful heir to the throne ? well I shall not . not in a thousand year , not if you rack I to within a inch of my life ... ( beat ) I be Katherine , Queen of England , the King 's one true wife , and mother of the heir to the throne . belove of the people , and beloved of a King you have bewitch . katherine turn and enter the pack courtroom . she make no reply to the crier , instead walk over to where the king sit , and fall onto she knee .. mary look at anne , who be visibly shaking . and try to compose herself . throughout the courtroom , people exchange look . gasp . katherine be completely disregard the court , campeggio and wolsey , and appeal directly to she husband .. katherine my Lord , how have I offended you ? for twenty year , I have be a true , obedient wife . I have love all that whom you love , and give you child though it have pleased God to take they away . if there be any just cause that you can allege against I , I will happily depart to my shame and dishonour , but I tell you , as God be my witness , there be none . enry sit in silence , but can barely contain he rage . atherine ( cont would ) so , I beg you , dear husband , to spare I this humiliation . but if you will not , and I be to be try .. henry ( defiant ) you be . katherine .. then let it be in a proper court and by the only authority I recognise . his holiness himself . a audible gasp from the court . henry shoot a look at wolsey , ` what ?!? ' wolsey be horrify , `I know nothing of this . ' katherine get to she foot , and dramatically walk out of the court , stop only to pause by a window .. ( continued ) a a L ( 84 . the cheer from the loyal people who be wait outside ring through the court . henry look dark , thunderous . he storm out of court . wolsey watch , visibly shake ... wolsey since it have pleased the Queen to absent herself from the court , the trial will simply proceed without she . a lawyer get to he foot . the trial begin .. int . boleyn family home - night 131 131 the entire boleyn family be assemble . anne pace up and down . mary be with she child .. anne wolsey promise the King he verdict . instead he have humiliate he . sir thomas but they be continue with the trial . and the bishop will still find in the King 's favour . anne yes . but without the Pope 's bless , the result will seem hollow . a frustrated gesture ) if only the King would take matter into he own hand . ady elizabeth and do what ? his only option would be to reject the Catholic Church ? and he faith would never allow it . sir thomas nor he good sense . break with Rome would isolate England politically . leave we at the mercy of the Protestant . anne but the alternative be leave this country without a heir . fail in he duty as a King . and risk civil war . anne stop think .. anne ( cont would ) S omehow I need to make he understand that it be a fair price for a legitimate heir . anne look at mary .. ( continued ) I m 85 . anne ( cont would ) one he could hold in he arm .. anne 's face : a idea form .. anne ( cont would ) a strong , rosy - cheek boy .. mary look up . see all eye stare at she .. mary ( become suspicious ) what ? int . corridor - day 132 132 henry , along with thomas cromwell and several of he lawyer be walk along a corridor . they turn a corner , then stop . henry freeze . he 's see something . and the impact of it have make he stop in he track . reverse angle to reveal : in the garden outside , be anne and young henry , play . the king 's face : it 's as if all sound go silent . he stare , transfix , at the boy . he hear nothing except young henry 's laughter . he see nothing except young henry 's golden lock . mary watch from a distance , she heart crack as henry dismiss cromwell and the lawyer , and go out to join anne and young henry . t seem to have a profound affect on he .. ext . garden - day 133 133 henry walk towards anne . and bend so as not to frighten the boy .. henry who 's this ? anne smile , maternally stroke the boy 's hair .. a anne go , on .. young henry my name be Henry . ( continued ) 1 1 86 . henry be it , now ? a fine name . ( raise eyebrow ) and how old be you ? young henry four , Sir . reverse angle : to see mary watch helplessly from inside the palace . tear be stream down she face . lady elizabeth appear , and put she arm round mary 's shoulder in comfort .. outside : in the garden , young henry and he father continue to get to know one another .. young henry ( cont would ) be that sword real ? henry I think so . would you like to see it ? henry draw it , and show the boy , who 's eye widen in excitement .. henry now , `on guard ' . henry and young henry begin to play fight . as they do , we camera slowly , slowly pull back to reveal .. the scene be be watch by : mary , she nose press against a window in the palace , as she continue to watch henry play with she son .. int . queen' quarter - same time 134 134 from a window high up , we notice : queen katherine have appear , too . ext . garden - day 35 135 henry continue to play with the boy . it 's clearly a powerful emotional experience for he . ext . palace - same time 36 136 gradually , other face appear at the palace window .. first sir thomas 's . then norfolk 's . then mary 's . finally back to queen katherine .. ( continued ) 1 87 . watch on tenterhook . unsure how this will play out . fade to black : ext . greenwich palace - day 137 137 a clap of thunder . a storm break . rain pour . int . corridor / queen' quarter / palace - day 38 138 queen katherine , scream in protest , surround by wail lady -in - waiting , be drag roughly away from court by a unit of armed guard .. katherine how dare you ! ( struggle ) take you hand off I .. the guard drag the queen away , she heart - break kick and scream continue . as she disappear .. we reverse angle to reveal : this be be watch shadow by the king himself .. his face : burn with guilt and self - loathing . int . anne's apartment - day 139 139 the door fly open . anne be read , alone . she look up to see henry , he eye ablaze .. henry now you will give yourself to I . anne look up .. anne I think I have make myself clear . until we be marry , there be no questi.. henry silence ! enough of you game ! ( tear at she dress ) I have tear apart this country for you , go against every principle in my heart , I have endure the doubt and counsel of good man and silence they with the axe ... just to be with you .. henry tear she dress . he force himself on top of she . ( continued ) ( ( a 88. henry now prove to I it be worth the sacrifice . he push she back against a table , slamm she down , and enter she roughly . anne cry out in pain .. anne stop , you be hurt I ..! int . anne's quarter - night 140 140 that night : anne be be groom by mary . anne how be he with you ? as a lover ? mary tender . a beat ) surprisingly so. a beat ) why ? anne 's face . haunted . fearing the worst . anne no reason . over this we fade in : the sound of bell ringing .. 1 int . palace chapel - westminster - day 41 141 a small ceremony . held in secret . the distant sound of crowd protest . boo . jeer . mary watch from the shadow as archbishop cranmer marries henry and a visibly pregnant anne .. archibishop ( in latin , we see sub-titles ) do you , Henry tudor , take Anne Boleyn as you lawful wedd wife ..? henry 's face : eye burn with self - loathing .. henry I do . they voice be almost drown by the shout of protest and dissent come from the street ..` Whore ' , ` witch ' . int . palace - day 142 142 musician play in the corner , struggle to drow out the sound of the protester . ( continued ) ( a h S 89 . a party be in progress . anne , the bride , be at the centre of proceedings , visibly pregnant and finally Queen . but it have bring she no peace . the cacophony from outside visibly trouble she . mary stand by she side . maid of honour . anne do you hear ? on the way to the church ? they be call I a witch . mary all that will die down as soon as they get to know you . anne but what if it do not ? what if they hate I forever ? mary they will not . they will see how much the King love you , and follow . anne ( haunt , hollow ) how much the King love I ? anne shoot a anxious look over at henry , who be with cromwell , in the corner , lose in serious conversation .. mary ister , I wonder if you have give any think ..to the matter of my return to the country . with the child . anne 's face : she expression change . suddenly fearful . anne what ? no ! I need you here more than ever . besides , as the Queen 's sister , you can not live alone out there like some gypsy . we need to make you a proper match . earing this , the pass william stafford freeze .. anne what about the Duke of Suffolk ? anne indicate a ugly , fat courtier .. anne all the lady at court be mad for he . or Lord fardingly . indicate a old courtier , in he 60 's ) marry he and you would own half Scotland .. william stafford 's face . m S W 90 . int . court - accommodation - day 143 143 mary be walk back to she apartment , when william stafford run after she , appear in the corridor behind she .. stafford wait ! Mary .. stafford catch she up .. stafford I could not help overhear . and before you agree to any of you sister 's match , let I just say .. stafford take a deep breath . his heart racing .. stafford .. I have save money ... not a lot ... but enough . I have my eye on a place in the West ... tatton ... near where I grow up .. mary turn , a incredulous look .. mary hat ? ( surely this be a joke ) stafford ? tafford blurt it out .. stafford Mary ... I love you . there .. I have say it . from the moment I join you family .. mary wait .. mary look at he . a lighten flash of recognition . she 's hear that word before , and put two and two together .. m mary it be you , be not it ? at the mask ball ? stafford yes . mary oh , stafford .. stafford Mary .. I have watch how you family have treat you . ( more ) ( continued ) G S m 91 . if you come withfford ( cwould ) never sta I .. I ont would betray you ... or take you for grant .. I would love you and cherish you to my die day .. mary but it 's impossible . you know that . now Anne 's Queen , my family would never allow it . stafford and you would care ? what they think ? after everything they have do to you ? tafford stare incredulously . then go . int . queen' apartment - lying - in - day 144 144 mary 's face . lose in think . stafford 's word still ringing in she ear . she sit at the foot of anne 's bed . anne sit in bed . heavily pregnant . on the other side be GEORGE . anne God , I look hideous . eorge do it hurt ? anne Little nip and stab . mary be not listen . she be lose in think . GEORGE just imagine . it it 's a boy . the unholy trinity will be mother , uncle and aunt to the next King of England . anne but if it be not ? the King will take that as evidence of God 's displeasure . and will turn further against I . he 's already become so cold . anne touch she stomach anxiously .. anne they say you can tell by the shape of the stomach . Mary , what do you say ? Boy or girl ? anne tail off when she see mary . mile away . anne what 's the matter with she ? mary look up , ` what ? ' ( continued ) m 1 92 . anne you have be like this for day . mary what ? anne moon . you be not in love , be you ? mary what ? ( blush ) certainly not .. mary gesture dismissively .. mary ( flustered ) in love ! mary return to she book , flick page . but privately she be shocked . be it that obvious ? int . court - queen' apartment - night 45 145 a darken room . anne scream out . she be in the middle of give birth . with a bone-chill scream , a head appear .. midwife and again , one more .. anne push again . mary hold she . anne howl in agony . her nail dig into the sheet . a last , primal , blood -curdle roar of pain .. midwife it 's do , you majesty ..! mary well do ... physician and midwive swarm around the baby . anne , despite have lose a great deal of blood , try to sit up .. anne and ..? mary it 's a girl ! mary take the child from the midwife , hold it for anne . mary a beautiful , healthy girl . ( continued ) h 93. anne be overcome by maternal love , but realise what this will mean . she stare at the baby . fear fill she eye .. anne a girl ? int . anne's bedroom - night 146 146 mary watch from a distance , as sir thomas and norfolk tell the King . henry stagger from the disappointment , as if he have be deliver a blow .. sir thomas she have name she Elizabeth . after you mother . henry be the child healthy ? sir thomas perfectly , sir. henry stare , hollow - eye . finally .. enry well , if we can have a healthy daughter , we can have a healthy son . henry turn , and without a word , push past everyone , and leave . anne be leave alone , she heart break .. mary stare at anne . a stab of compassion . not long ago the same thing happen to she . hope to console anne , mary hand she beautiful new baby over to she ... .. anne take the baby in she arm . fill with love for something that will almost certainly mean she destruction . her shoulder shake with tear . fade to black : int . lying - in - day 147 147 anne stand by a window , stare out . her hand wring with anxiety . mary be in another corner , tend to baby elizabeth .. a anne who be it ? mary leave the baby , go over to the window . look out . down below , henry be walk with a attractive young lady .. mary Lady somerset , I believe . ( continued ) ` B a 94 . anne yesterday it be the wife of the french ambassador . the day before with the countess of salisbury . ( a frustrated gesture ) how could he do that to I ? so soon ? anne stare at mary .. anne now I know how it must have be for you . anne reach for mary 's hand . they hand touch . briefly . then mary pull away she hand , still not quite ready to forgive .. and go to tend to the cry baby elizabeth .. int . mary room - court - night 148 148 mary be with she child , read they a bedside story . from next door , the sound of raise voice . the king and anne be have a furious row . but mary be not listen .. anne ( o.s. ) you can not ignore I like this . I be you wife ! why do not you just admit it ! henry ( o.s. ) ecause it 's not true ! anne ( o.s. ) liar ! I can smell the whore on you ! get away from I ! you disgust I ! slap ' , the sound of someone be strike . int . bedroom - night 149 149 anne and mary be together . anne be comb she hair . strands of it come loose in she hand . her eye be hollow with stress . her skin pale and cover in a film of perspiration .. anne I strike he today . what be I do ? I be destroy this all on my own .. anne look leave and right . make sure no one be within earshot . go to check outside she door , then return .. anne I can not sleep at night ! and without sleep I cannot think ! ( continued ) U m m a 95 . mary oh , Anne .. anne no it 's get more and more difficult to arouse he . some night he cannot do it ... at all . I have to resort to ever more disgusting ... then he hate himself in the morning ... hate I even more for what I make he do ... anne eye stare . she rock back and forth .. anne it 's slip away , Mary . I can feel it . mary take anne 's hand . envelop it in hers . int . anne's bedroom - night 150 150 the sound of ugly , loveless sex . cries of pain . anne try to keep the king arouse . demean , cruel , shaming , loveless sex . 1 henry repeatedly strike she . hating she . hating himself . 51 151 int . mary bedroom - palace - night in the neighbour room : the ugly sound of anne and henry 's sex come through the wall . mary cover she ear with a pillow , block out the noise , and escape to the only safe world she know . that of she dream . 152 152 int . anne's bedroom - day sir thomas boleyn , norfolk , GEORGE boleyn and mary be watch intently as anne be be examine by several physician . nbearable tension . finally a physician straighten , turn to face the family .. sir thomas and ..? the physician 's face : he nod . ext . river thame - winter party - month later - day 153 153 a magnificent winter party to celebrate anne 's pregnancy . the River Thames be freeze over . it 's a lavish spectacle . jousting on ice-skate , bear-bait with dog , musician , skate - dance , sledge and fire -eater and muscovite tumbler . ( continued ) L G G G 96 . the king thread he way through courtier and entertainer . wherever he go , people stop they conversation , bow in fear . inimidate . anne , visibly pregnant , sit on a throne . alone . she look draw , frighten , and tired . a unmistakable echo of queen katherine at the mask ball earlier . eorge and so , it 's come to this . we sister be with child , and all England 's fate be in the balance . eorge indicate anne .. GEORGE ( cont would ) if it 's a boy , the King will have be vindicate in get rid of he first wife , and he authority will be unassailable . but if it be not . or if , God forbid , she miscarry . eorge indicate henry , who 's face be also draw , dark , malevolent , suspicious . barely recognisable . GEORGE the King will have to move swiftly to silence he enemy . he will claim innocence . that he be corrupt . Anne will swiftly be replace as Queen , by someone more `acceptable ' . ( a beat ) and we boleyn will never be able to show we face at court again . mary that 's no bad thing . mary shudder to herself . hold she child protectively . mary anyone with any sense would have run away from this hell - hole already . as far as they could go . GEORGE ike the wise William stafford . mary turn ... mary what ? GEORGE you do not know ? sold up and go . Left for the country . just like that . go to live in some place call .. ( continued ) a a G 97 . mary ( under she breath ) .. tatton . GEORGE where he grow up , apparently . do you know he come from a better stable than all of we ? his grandmother be a beaufort , cousin to the King . and he never mention it . ( shrug ) who would have guess ? eorge shrug , and skate off with francis weston . we pull back to reveal they be be watch by jane parker .. .. who look drain . Lonely . worn out by the humiliation of she fail marriage and the agony of unrequite love . 154 154 int . anne's bedroom - night `haaarrggh ' , anne bolt awake in the middle of the night . her face be pale . she be cover in a thin film of perspiration . she flinch in pain . holding she stomach .. immediately door open , and several servant and lady appear . but anne compose herself . anne I be fine , thank you . ( visibly paranoid ) just a bad dream . reassured , the servant fill anne 's glass with water .. anne ( flinch as she speak ) but fetch my brother and sister , will you ? the servant bow , and go . as soon as anne be leave alone , she slowly look down , and pull back the bedsheet .. W hen anne see what lie beneath , she howl in horror . int . anne's bedroom - court - night 155 155 mary and GEORGE arrive breathlessly in anne 's room , to find .. anne be on the floor before the fire , she arm wrap around as if she be hugging herself . on the floor beside she be a bloodstain bundle of sheet . anne look up through the trail lock of she hair .. ( continued ) ( T m a G y m 98 . anne I lose it . almost without pain . and so fast it be over in a moment . mary look down at the bundle of sheet .. mary ( heart crack ) oh , Anne .. mary hug anne tightly . all animosity now go .. anne ou have to get rid of it . bury it . get rid of it somehow . no one must know . eorge rush to a cupboard , and pull out a cape . he wrap it around anne . then he pour wine into a glass . mary wrap anne in a blanket to warm she . and begin make the bed with fresh linen .. dissolve to : a hour later : anne be compose . stare into the fire . mary and GEORGE sit on either side of she . anne it 's not the first . miscarriage . mary 's heart crack . take anne 's hand . anne they will take it as proof that I can not bear child . that I be curse by God . and should be dispense with . mary why ? there 's still time . you could sleep with the King , and fall pregnant again . no one would know .. anne he King would never lie with I now , and risk damaging the `child ' he believe I be carry .. a beat ) besides , he be barely capable anymore . and I could not go through that again . anne stare at mary and GEORGE .. anne no , if I be to survive .. I have to take matter into my own hand . mary and GEORGE exchange blank look .. ( continued ) ( B ( 99 . mary i.. I do not understand . anne I need a baby , Mary . roll eye ) must I spell it out ? mary you mean lie with another man ? anne of course . GEORGE but that would be treason . mary eside , where would you find someone you could trust ? anne obviously , it would have to be someone close . very close .. anne stare meaningfully at she brother .. GEORGE what ..? horrify ) no ..! mary stop it , Anne ! it 's madness .. anne do not you see ? this affect all of we . if I go down , so do all of you . the only way to save ourselves .. be to do this .. ( a beat ) and pray it 's a boy . mary cover she mouth in horror , get to she foot .. mary I can not listen to this .. ( feel nauseous ) ... this be monstrous .. anne Mary , sit down .. mary no , Anne ! I understand you have have a shock tonight . a terrible shock . but there be no need for this .. ( continued ) 1 G 100 . mary reach the door , turn to GEORGE .. mary come , George .. GEORGE get to he foot .. anne George be stay . he understand this involve the whole family .. mary no. come , George .. anne George , be staying ! eorge freeze .. mary ( she heart crack ) I pray for you both . mary turn ... then go . anne Mary ! come back ! 56 156 int . corridor outside anne's room - night mary leave the room . tear stream down she cheek . she run down the corridor , rush towards she child .. but as mary go , we reverse angle to reveal : a figure sit in the shadow by anne 's door . someone who have hear everything that have be say .. I t 's jane parker . who turn , hold she head , cover she ear , unable to listen to any more .. int . corridor - night 157 157 mary run through the corridor in a agitate state . int . mary room - court - night 158 158 mary rush into she room . she go to the bed where she child be sleep . mary gently shake they awake .. mary come on , darling wake up . ( continued ) 1 101 . young henry where be we go ? mary away from here . Far , far away . int . anne's bedroom - night 159 159 anne and GEORGE stare at one another . anne pour a mug full of mull wine .. anne take the first step , and start unbuttone she brother 's shirt . GEORGE quickly knock back the glass of mull wine .. ... then gasp as anne put she hand into he trousers . they eye meet for a intense moment .. ext . stable - night 160 160 mary and she child ride through the night . int . anne's bedroom - night 61 161 anne and GEORGE be make love . Silent tear be stream down GEORGE 's cheek visibly traumatise . anne tenderly wipe they away . 162 162 ext . countryside - night mary and she child continue to ride through the night . they gallop , silhouettes against the moon . the faster and further they get away from court , the better . int . anne's bedroom - night 163 163 afterwards : anne and GEORGE lie in silence . anne stroke she baby brother 's hair . GEORGE rock to and for . stare at the fire .. int . corridor outside anne's room - night 164 164 jane parker get to she foot . numb with shock . she stare ahead . momentarily lose she foot . then disappear into the darkness . dissolve to : 1 y N N 1 102 . ext . village - dawn 165 165 mary arrive in a market village . she ask direction . then kick she horse . ride on . ext . william stafford's house - day 166 166 a simple farmhouse , nestle in a valley . int . william stafford's house - day 67 167 mary stand in front of the door , protectively hold she child . a flicker of panic pass behind she eye . what be she do ? she knock . young henry who life here , mother ? mary someone. ( clear throat ) a friend . of answer . mary knock again . still no answer . mary hesitates , then try the door . it open .. int . william stafford's house - day 168 168 mary enter , call out , ` hello ? ' . no answer . Inside : it 's warm , invite , idyllic . the child go to the kitchen table . instantly feel at home . mary call out .. mary William ? of answer . oung henry mama , I be hungry . catherine I , too . mary stare . what should she do ? int . kitchen - day 69 169 the child eat hungrily . a clock tick on the wall . T F C 1 1 T 103 . int . bedroom - day 170 170 mary put catherine to sleep in a bed . young henry be already fast asleep in another bed . mary draw the curtain . hen close the door . int . corridor - day 171 171 mary walk along a corridor . she look in the bedroom . men 's clothes in the wardrobe . no sign anywhere of a woman 's presence . mary turn , then catch sight of herself in a mirror . her hair be bedraggle . her clothes be filthy . int . bathroom - day 72 172 mary pour hot water into a bath . the room be thick with steam . she begin unbuttone she dress . 1 ext . field - day 73 173 william stafford and several farm -hand return from work in the field . talk and laugh . they reach a crossroad , go they separate way . stafford ride on for a while .. .. then stop when he see a horse outside he house . ext . stafford's farmhouse - day 74 174 stafford dismount he horse . a quizzical look . then he walk towards the front door . int . stafford's farmhouse - day 175 175 stafford enter he house to see empty bowl of food on the table . hildren 's boot by the door . and a woman 's riding cape . rom upstairs , the sound of splash . stafford expression change . he slowly go up the stair . he sound of splash get louder . a woman 's voice . humming . int . bathroom - day 176 176 stafford push open the door . mary be in the bath . wash herself . mary look up . ( continued ) S h m p F T ( m 104 . stafford 's eye . mary 's eye . mary I be sorry . a beat ) I just do not know where else to go . stafford walk in . mary get up ... no modesty . no shame . no effort to cover herself . stafford sweep she into he arm .. no word . no explanation . time for that later . hey fall into a passionate embrace , and sink to the floor .. ade to black : int . country church - day 177 177 time have pass . Winter have become spring . we be in a idyllic country church . mary and william stafford be be marry by a priest . riest do you , Mary , take William as you lawful wedd husband ? mary I do . int . barn - night 178 178 a dance be in progress . musician play . fifty or so guest . mary be talk to a friend . in another corner : she notice a messenger arrive . a former colleague from court . e talk to stafford . they talk gravely . stafford 's face be ashen .. mary excuse herself from she friend , cross the room , go to stafford .. m mary what be it ? stafford News from court . tafford avoid mary 's eye .. ( continued ) y m m m 1 W 105 . mary hat ? it 's Anne . tell I .. ( fear the worst ) she miscarry the child ? flashcut to : ext . wood - day 179 179 anne be walk alone . her maids follow at a distance . presently she let out a cry . her body double up in pain . her maids rush towards she . int . barn - night 180 180 back at the dance . stafford continue .. stafford they say it be deform ... monstrous . she be charge with incest and of summoning the devil . you brother , too . he have already be sentence . Anne be in the Tower , await trial . flashcut to : int . tower - day 181 181 anne in a prison cell at the Tower . frightened . vulnerable . 82 182 int . barn - night mary face : horrify . mary I must go . mary turn to walk out . stafford block she path .. stafford and do what ? George be doom . for Anne it 's only a matter of time . mary I can petition the King .. stafford ou think he will listen ? it 's he own neck he 's save by get rid of they , can not you see ? mary stare .. ( continued ) m m 106 . stafford Fine , go . but if you do , you might as well kiss you child goodbye . you be Anne 's sister . that alone make you she accomplice and co-conspirator . mary I have no choice . Anne and George be my family . I can not desert they . mary walk towards the door .. stafford and what of you new family ? you child ? mary Henry and Catherine have you . Anne and George have no one . ( a beat ) I be sorry .. 183 183 ext . countryside - day the sound of gallop hoof . mary ride hard , towards London .. int . great court - tower of london - day 184 184 anne be lead into a great courtroom light by flicker torch , and fill with fifty or sixty of the country 's most powerful noblemen . anne walk to the centre of the room , surveying she `juror ' , note that they have remain seat .. anne it be a sad day for England when the noble do not rise for they Queen . norfolk and even sadder when that same Queen be charge with adultery and incest . anne charge be different to convict , uncle . or be it not ? in this court ? deathly silence . the clear of throat . then with much chair scraping , the nobles reluctantly get to they foot .. norfolk master cromwell , read out the indictment .. cromwell get to he foot .. ( continued ) 1 107 . cromwell the charge be that in the twenty - eighth year of the reign of we sovereign Henry , King of England , he wife , the Queen , be seduce by the Devil , do knowingly commit adultery , high treason and offence against God . norfolk how do you plead ? anne not guilty , my Lord . ext . countryside - night 185 185 mary thunder across bridge , through village . urging on she horse . no think of rest . int . great court - tower of london - night 86 186 a anne face the lord , as she make she case .. anne my noble lord .. the love I have for my brother be the love any sister would have for someone with whom she have grow up in the same house , nurse when sick , play game as child , share life 's celebration . as anne deliver this speech , we camera slowly pull back , back , towards the door .. anne that be the love I have for he . not what you suggest . we camera pull out through the door ... ..and into a corridor beyond , where we find henry hunch in shadow , eavesdropp , he face cast in shadow .. anne ( v/o ) judge I , my lord , as you see fit . but never forget that you verdict will be judge again by God , in the great court of all .. henry 's face be a study of guilt . his knuckle whiten , he nail dig into he hand .. norfolk ( v/o ) my lord , the time have come to cast you vote . S 1 108 . ext . countryside - night 187 187 mary gallop through shallow stream , spraying water .. int . courtroom - day 188 188 anne watch on as each lord take it in turn to get to he foot , and deliver he verdict . first cromwell , then the seymour , then henry percy .. the verdict rain down on anne , ` guilty , guilty , guilty ' , go round the courtroom , until they reach the duke of norfolk . anne meet the eye of she uncle .. norfolk ( unflinch ) guilty . norfolk stare at anne . not a hint of compassion .. norfolk in which case , the burden fall on I to pass sentence . ext . tower GREEN - the following day 89 189 a terrify GEORGE boleyn be lead to the scaffold . he be watch by francis weston .. ext . countryside - day 190 190 mary reach the outskirt of London . gallop through village .. ext . tower GREEN - day 191 191 GEORGE boleyn 's eye be cover with a cloth . he put he head on the block . a priest say last rite as GEORGE 's arm be hold back . terrify , he lip mouth prayer .. begging forgiveness . the axe fall . a huge roar go up . reverse angle to reveal : this have be watch by sir thomas boleyn . ext . tower of london - dusk 192 192 mary arrive in time to hear the roar from the crowd . she dismount she horse , exhaust from the journey , he walk against a tide of crowd leave . drunk. laugh . talk among themselves . ( continued ) W 1 109 . mary 's expression change . suddenly , a shiver go down she spine . mary feel sick . fearing the worst , she go up to a woman in the crowd .. mary ho be it ? int . palace - court - day 93 193 henry walk through corridor arm in arm with jane seymour , follow closely by the seymour brother , sir JOHN seymour and the ever-surviving duke of norfolk .. henry turn a corner , then stop in he track when he see ... mary wait outside he privy chamber , restrain by guard . see the King , she curtsey deeply .. henry Mary ..? the seymour brother draw they sword , but the king 's dog run excitedly towards she . henry gesture for the seymour to sheath they sword .. h enry leave we . the seymour leave . the duke of norfolk hesitates .. henry all of you ! norfolk shoot mary a look , then go . henry turn and lead she into .. int . privy chamber - day 194 194 his private room . his sanctuary . where he take she before . the room to which only mary seem to have have access .. mary you majesty .. ( fall into a deep curtsey as henry close the door ensure they privacy ) I understand my family have offended you . but have take my brother today , I beg you to spare my sister . henry oh , Mary ... ( continued ) h h h 110 . mary I realise you must replace Anne as Queen . ( a beat ) but must she die , too ? henry she have be try and find guilty . mary you could send she away . enry I be bound by the law . mary you could send she to a nunnery . no one would know . henry Anne ? to a nunnery ? henry almost manage a smile . mary there be precedent , my Lord . Louis of France do it , too . when he wife could not conceive . henry the french Queen be a blameless woman . you sister a witch . mary I understand Anne have offended you . I ask only that if there be any regret you might .. feel yourself . enry what ? mary for you part in the matter .. mary tread delicately . realising the very suggestion be treason . mary .. do not unduly colour you think . killing Anne will not make it go away . ( a beat ) it would only make it worse . enry stare at mary .. henry how could I have make that mistake ? ( continued ) T a ` G h 111 . suddenly he eye be full of regret . and sadness . henry ( cont would ) choose she over you ? enry think . a long silence . henry o. I will reflect on the matter . mary fall on one knee . kiss he swollen , bejewel hand in gratitude . henry stare , watch she as she go . ext . tower hill - day 195 195 a team of carpenter erect gallow and scaffold . hammer knock nail . a sicken metronome of death . otack ' , `tack ' , `tack ' . n the hill : a blood-stain chopping block be put into place . int . anne's cell - day 196 196 the door to anne 's cell open . anne look up . in the doorway be mary . mary stare at anne .. anne 's appearance be shocking . she look ten year older . haggard and line by stress . anne put on a brave face , stare back at mary . mary oh , Anne .. the two sister walk towards one another , and embrace . tight . tear run onto each other 's shoulder .. anne how have it come to this ? mary ssshhhhh . ext . tower GREEN - day 197 197 a lieutenant give a nod . soldier raise a barrier , and allow the crowd that have be wait to rush forward . he crowd swarm over the grassy hill ... put down coat ... reserve seat .. anxious to secure the best view . 112 . int . anne's cell - day 198 198 anne look out through a narrow window . her intense , fearful eye flit and dart .. anne they be let the crowd in . mary it 's all right . you will be spare . the King as good as give I he word . anne the King see you ? mary yes . anne manage a rueful smile .. anne we all make a mess of that , do not we ? we all underestimate little Mary . anne look at mary .. anne I do not think he ever stop loving you . mary that 's not true . anne it be . he never love I in the same way . and deep down you know it . mary avert she eye .. anne you should have be Queen . you even give he a son . but instead all this have happen because .. ( a beat ) because I could not bear to be the other Boleyn girl . anne shrug .. anne and now look ? the sound of approach footstep . anne look at mary , suddenly frighten .. ( continued ) h S 113 . anne hold I .. the two sister fall into a emotional embrace as the jailor 's key turn in the lock .. anne you will look after Elizabeth ? mary it will be all right . trust I . anne he could not ask for a better moth ... ( break down , compose herself ) mary hug anne tight ..` sssshhh ' . mary e will spare you . I be sure of it . anne take a deep breath . tries to look serene .. ext . tower hill - day 199 199 a roar of the crowd . anne , wear a shawl of white ermine , be violently jostle and spat at as she 's march across Tower Hill to the scaffold . she shoot mary a anxious look across the crowd .. m mary shoot a signal , " do not worry . " anne climb the step , and face the crowd . finally the jeer subside .. anne I ... I come here to die ... a loyal subject .. more spit , jeer and abuse . mary stand on tiptoe , crane she neck . anxiously scan the crowd for the guard that will free anne .. mary come on .. anne ..i.. I do not blame the King . never be there a more just or goodly Lord .. presently , mary see two soldier push through the crowd towards she . her heart leap .. anne .. I beg God 's forgiveness and he mercy .. ( continued ) a m 114 . anne look up to see the soldier reach mary , and hand she a letter . anne smile in relief . mary open the letter and read .. cromwell ( v.o. ) " madam ... " int . cromwell's office - day 200 200 thomas cromwell , the former assistant to wolsey , who have now replace he , sit at he desk , write the letter .. cromwell ( v.o. ) .. the King have spare you because of he respect and affection for you and because you be the mother of he son . " ext . tower hill - day 201 201 mary continue to read the letter , as anne be force to kneel by the executioner .. cromwell ( v.o . ) " but you risk you life come to court and you be advise you not to do so again . you will not be show the same clemency a second time . you sister Anne be try and find guilty , she crime be high treason and she deserve to die . cromwell . " mary , who be read , look up in horror .. mary no ! anne look up . she see the look on mary 's face . mary 's eye . anne 's eye . ` whoosh ' , the mask executioner swing he sword . anne be behead . mary almost choke .. the crowd fall eerily silent . a stunne calm descend on Tower Green . nothing but the sound of the wind . mary sway , then fall backwards , have lose consciousness . she fall , fall .. but be catch by a strong pair of arm .. .. william stafford , who have follow she to London . suddenly the crowd burst into life . a great , bloodthirsty roar echoe around Tower Green as anne 's head be lift aloft .. ( continued ) a 115 . william stafford carry mary in he arm . they walk against the flow , of teaming crowd , and newly -arrive family come to watch the spectacle .. slow fade to black : int . bedroom - day 202 202 sir thomas boleyn sit by a window . stare out at the field beyond . ashen -face . Broken . caption # 1 : " wretched and disgrace , sir thomas boleyn died two year later of a broken heart . " ext . field - day 203 203 we be move through a cornfield . at speed . the sound of child 's laughter . excite shriek . caption # 2 : " as sole heir , mary inherite the entire estate . " 's in the open scene : three child , a boy and two girl , run through the field , play . touchingly , they be barely taller than the corn , head skim along the sheave .. caption # 3 : " she and william stafford live happily away from court for the rest of there live . " reverse angle to reveal : the child be be watch from a distance by mary and william stafford , stand outside hever Castle . mary smile , shield she eye from the sun .. caption # 4 : " mary 's son , henry , went on to become closest friend and adviser to he cousin elizabeth .. " we close on young henry and anne 's unmistakable red-headed daughter elizabeth .. caption : " who went on to become queen elizabeth I , one of the greatest MONARCHS in british history . " the end