the nine written by John August final script November 2006 reader note one thing that will be obvious to viewer , but not to reader , be that the nine principal part in this film be play by only three actor : 1 ) Gary , gavin , Gabriel 2 ) Sarah , Susan , Sierra 3 ) Margaret , Melissa , Mary it will make more sense in context . promise . 100 100 a man' hand unwind a short length of green string . we be extremely close , with a shallow , blurry focus . it 's like the first moment after a dream -- just fragment . scissor cut the string . the man wrap it around he leave wrist . a loop . a bracelet . we see the man 's tooth , the edge of he chin as he pull the knot tight . his finger pull against the string . solid . it will not break easily . fade out . 101 101 pitch black there 's no music . no sound at all , really , except for some distant bird chirping . then a squeak . a squeal as rusty spring engage . a garage door lift , revealing gary bank in silhouette . he 's 30 , effortlessly fit , with movie-star good look . ( although for now , he 's merely a tv star . ) like most Laurel Canyon garage , this one have never hold a car . instead , it 's the rest place for all the detritus of bachelordom : shitty Ikea furniture , a drum set , a styrofoam snowman , and the harley he always mean to get run . Gary spot what he be look for . CUT to : 102 102 ext . back patio / laurel canyon house - magic hour ( dawn ) Gary drag a beat weber kettle . one of its wheel be break , scraping against the deck . wider , we see Gary 's house have a incredible view of the city . he could not fuck care less . he yank the circular grill out of the weber and throw it down the canyon . 2 . he empty a garbage bag into the barbecue : mostly woman 's clothes , but also some stuff animal and photo still in they frame . there 's too much to fit , so he try stomping it down with a flip - flop foot . he crack open a container of lighter fluid and begin drench everything inside . he spray until the container be wheeze air . he shake it , make sure it 's really empty . then he crack open a new container and keep spraying . and spraying . we follow the drip fluid as it run across a photo of Gary and a blonde woman . her eye be scratch out , make she unrecognizable . under the grill , lighter fluid be drip in a stream , soaking into the wooden deck . finally satisfied , Gary throw the lighter fluid aside . he take five step back and pull a box of match from he pocket . 103 103 extremely close as the match scrape , erupting in flame . on Gary 's leave wrist , we see a green string bracelet . music start : a pound , hypnotic track that will carry we through this MAIN title . in epic slow -motion , we follow the burn match as it sail through the air , tumble end - over -end . just as it 's about to reach its target , we ... CUT to : 104 104 a digital meter shoot to 100 mile per gallon . it 's the display of Gary 's prius . we be ... 105 105 int . the prius - day Gary 's at the wheel , drive , as he finish a fifth of bourbon . jump cut take we out of Hollywood , head downtown . we travelling music be serve we well . Gary stop at a light . he look leave and see himself on the side of a bus . it 's a ad for crime lab ( " this fall , monday be killer . " ) Gary watch himself drive away . CUT to : 3. 106 further along , Gary spot two thuggy teenager sit on a 106 low wall . he call out to they : gary hey ! do you sell crack ? the boy look wary . gary ( cont 'd ) it 's cool . I be only a cop on tv . quick cut : money change hand . Gary hold a small ziplock bag -- and have no idea what to do with its lumpy beige content . CUT to : 107 107 hollywood . Gary pull up to a curb . he 's now on sunset Blvd . a matronly black streetwalker ( octavia , 35 ) approach the passenger window . Gary hold up the little bag . gary be this crack ? she take a closer look . gary ( cont 'd ) do you know how to do it ? CUT to : 108 108 int . shitty motel room - day Gary and octavia jump up and down on the bed , each try to bounce higher than the other , laughing all the while . Gary bounce so high that he thunks he head against the ceiling . he crumple , fall off the bed . but he 's still laugh . CUT to : 109 109 later , octavia be sleep . 4. 110 110 int . motel bathroom - day Gary take a shower with he jeans on . 111 111 int . motel room - continuous towel off , Gary look at he body in the mirror . he notice something odd . he try to wake octavia up , but she 's down for the count . look around , he find he cell phone . dial 911 . pace , he try to sober up while it ring . the far side answer . gary yes , hello . I be have a medical situation . yes . okay . I do not have a belly button . ( explain carefully ) I do not have a belly button where I should , on my belly . and I be concerned , because I do not know if that 's ... he sit down on the edge of the bed . gary ( cont 'd ) can a person live without a belly button ? because if you think about it , you be bear with one . so if you do not have one , you be unborn and it 's really hazy whether you be alive or not . I guess I be wonder : be I alive ? ( a sudden think ) or what if I be God ? a beat . gary ( cont 'd ) no , no . I be totally sober . a beat . gary ( cont 'd ) no , I do not think I need a ambulance . I do not seem to be die any faster than usual . but I should probably go to the hospital , do not you think ? yeah , I should . he hang up . CUT to : 5 . 112 112 int . the prius - day he 's drive again , but most of he attention be focus on try to locate he miss navel . he look up in the rear-view mirror , where he see two a113 a113 version of himself sit in the back seat . all three gary give each other thumb -up . Driver - Gary look out the driver - side window , where he see shoe and asphalt . only now do we rotate to reveal we be b113 b113 upside -down . Gary have roll the car . the music suddenly stop . we hear siren approach . CUT to black . 113 113 title over : part one : the prisoner fade in : 114 114 int . courthouse processing area - day margaret o'reilly , 34 , be speak to herself . margaret La la la la la . like you have never do worse . from a new angle , we see she 's use a cell phone earpiece . margaret ( cont 'd ) okay , yes . he totalled a car . but it be a environmentally friendly car . why do not that get report ? a beat . margaret ( cont 'd ) please ! he be heartbroken , betrayed . you say you understand but you do not . you can not . you be like a big giant vulcan . 6 . notice something to she right ... margaret ( cont 'd ) he 's come . I will call you later . she hang up , wrapping the earpiece around she phone . we reveal gary be escort through glass door by a polo-shirted parole officer . Margaret move to intercept they , offer a hand . margaret ( cont 'd ) hi. Margaret . I work for lola . gary Gary . margaret I know . ( to the parole Officer ) we need to go out the back . CUT to : 115 115 int . back hallway - day Margaret lead the way . she 's be here before . gary be there reporter out front ? margaret a few . not Hugh grant level . more like Robert downey , Jr. when he break into that family 's house and sleep in the kid 's bed like goldilocks . " this bed be just right . " I handle episode two through four for Robert . this sort of thing be my specialty . gary what be ? margaret famous fuck -up . do not worry . mama 's gonna take good care of you . a phone ring . CUT to : 7. 116 116 int . kitchen - day a designer kitchen in hancock Park -- spacious and kosher - ready . the phone on the counter be ringing . parole officer answer it . Gary pick it up . gary hello ? yes . yes . he look to Margaret while the other end of the call talk at length . then , very deliberately ... gary ( cont 'd ) the weather in Toledo be rainy . he say this like a sleeper agent repeat he trigger phrase . parole officer use you normal voice . gary ( to the phone ) nine dog run through the field . the koala sit in the tree . the parole Officer take the phone from he , punch in a series of number and jotting note on he work sheet . margaret it 's computer voice recognition . the system can call you any time day or night . if you do not answer within five ring , the police come and haul you ass off . gary what if I be not here ? catch the officer 's concerned look ... margaret that 's why it 's call house arrest . you stay inside you house . ( to the officer ) he can take direction , I promise . CUT to : 8. 117 117 int . master bedroom - day Margaret pull open curtain , flooding the room with light . Gary wander , check it all out . margaret okay , just so it 's say , this house be flammable . gary I do not mean to burn down my house . margaret yeah , I do not mean to eat my way into a ten -year shame spiral , but I do , and it 's healthier to acknowledge it . ( move on ) this flammable house belong to one of lola 's other fabulous client , who be currently shoot a pilot in Toronto . gary actor ? margaret writer . so for the next six week , su casa es su casa . I say , feel free to wear he clothes . he will probably get a sick thrill of out it . the gay . notice two crate ... gary he have dog ? margaret they be away at summer camp . now , try the bed . he lie back on it , feel it out . gary it 's fine . margaret comfortable ? gary sure . she massage he besock foot . 9 . margaret look , Gary , I know this have be crazy and stressful . I want you to feel safe . and comfortable . gary I do . margaret I be a fan of yours , you know . you number - one fan . Gary look over he toe at Margaret . from this angle , she look a bit like Kathy bate from misery . margaret ( cont 'd ) but if you fuck this up , I will smash you ankle with a sledge hammer . a long beat . margaret ( cont 'd ) that would not be comfortable for either of we . CUT to : 118 118 int . kitchen - day Margaret box up the alcohol while Gary bounce a lime on the island . margaret I will be come by twice a day to check up on you . I be the only person who should be come by . no buddy , no pal , no heroin dealer ... gary I do not do heroin . margaret yeah , crack be classy . and I be not buy you porn . there 's spray- per - view on cable . gary good . I really be not concerned about my career , my family or my future . I just want to jack off . Margaret be a little impressed by this show of backbone . 10 . margaret let I see you phone . he hand over he cell phone . she drop it in the contraband box . gary c'mon ! all my number be in that . margaret dial ten digit at random . whoever answer will be better than the people on this phone . she pick up the liquor box , ready to go . margaret ( cont 'd ) you have my cell number . you have delivery menus . you be fine . right ? gary I guess . as she leave , Margaret notice a long butane lighter by the stove . she add it to the box , just to be sure . time CUT to : 119 119 int . house / various - day Gary pace around he new home , try to get a feel for it . he play a few note on the piano . he look up at the painting over the staircase : a cliff near the ocean . he open random drawer in a chinese herb cabinet , wonder if there 's anything hide in one of the 46 slot . there be not . he take a long beat to consider three painting in the dining room , which show the same thing in three different way . 120 120 ext . backyard - summer night Gary swim lap , try to exhaust himself . he stand in the shallow end , listen to the quiet . 11 . 121 121 int . kitchen - summer night wearing a fluffy white robe , he look through the delivery menus . 122 122 int . foyer / front door - summer night he take a bag of food from a college - age delivery guy , who seem to recognize he . Gary pay he , shut the door . as he 's walk to the kitchen with the food , Gary look back and see the Delivery guy watch he from the front walk . the guy be a little embarrassed , but Gary be pretty use to be stare at . 123 123 int . kitchen - summer night Gary unwrap the thai food . make himself a plate . he watch crime lab on the plasma screen while eat dinner . gary ( o.s. tv dialogue ) once we get this sample back to the crime Lab , we will know who the real killer be . 124 124 int . library / tv room - night Gary scan the shelf , look for something to read . there be five time more book here than Gary have open in he lifetime . he settles on a paperback of voltaire 's candide . he lie back on the couch , read it . he flip a few page ahead to see if it get more interesting . a beat . CUT to : 125 125 gary jacking off to soft - core pay-per-view . we be close on Gary 's strain face , but we can hear the pleasure moan of the actress as they go down on each other . near climax , he look for something to come on . he can not find anything . 12 . 126 126 int . foyer - night his leave hand cup to hold the semen , he pad barefoot from the tv room to the downstairs bathroom . we hear water running as he wash he hand . then it shut off . we hear a thunk . something hard be drop on the wood floor . Gary hear it too . he step out of the bathroom , look around . he take a few silent pace back in we direction , stop just before he reach the two-story section of the foyer . that 's when he hear it : click - click -click -click on the wooden floor . a jingle of metal . we follow Gary 's eye up to the second - floor walkway . we can hear the little footstep , toe nail clicking . faint panting . but there 's no dog . back on Gary , increasingly unsettle . he 's directly below the walkway , and can not see up into it . gary be somebody there ? hello ? he clap he hand twice . listen . nothing . he 's about to venture a step forward when suddenly the phone ring . he nearly jump out of he skin . it ring two more time before he duck into the tv room to answer it . gary ( cont 'd ) hello ?! ( relieved ) yes . yes . he turn he back to the foyer , listen to the instruction on the phone . gary ( cont 'd ) nine leopard run through the jungle . ( listen ) I buy two cake at the store . his identity evidently confirm , he hang up . he look back into the foyer . 13 . gary ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) the house be haunt . there 's a Zeitgeist , or something . 127 127 ext . upstair deck - day Margaret 's bring coffee and pastry from susina . margaret poltergeist , and no . maybe they be rat . L.A. be teaming with rat . they live in the palm tree . gary sure . maybe . he 's obviously not convinced . margaret okay . you know I be a license psychotherapist . gary really ? margaret no. I be a publicist . my job be what other people think of you , not what you think of yourself . so pull you shit together . I be thisclose to get christine walsh to do you piece in parade . gary parade ? I fuck hate parade . margaret everyone hate parade . but the people who watch " crime Lab , " they love they Marilyn vo savant . give they a woman of indeterminate age who solve riddle and they be in hee-haw heaven . gary okay . margaret one heartfelt act of contrition and maybe the showrunner will not kill off you character between season . he nod . he get it . 14 . margaret ( cont 'd ) I swear to God , if you go batshit on I ... gary I be not crazy . margaret exactly . exactly . CUT to : 128 128 ext . backyard - day Gary be lie in the sun , eye shut . suddenly , a golf ball hit he on the head . he sit up , perplex . for a long moment , he have no idea where the ball come from , until he hear a voice from beyond the wall that separate the property . woman' voice sorry ! really sorry . ( a practice ear notice a canadian accent . ) woman' voice ( cont 'd ) over here . to you leave . ( correct ) right . sorry . right . he follow the voice to a gap in the hedge at the far corner of the yard , find sarah gleason . late 30' , fresh - scrubbed and girlish , she look more fragile than she really be . sarah I be work on my put , if you can believe it . indeed , she 's hold a putter . gary not really . sarah okay . maybe I be just look for a way to meet my infamous neighbor . you see , I be under house arrest , too . gary what do you do ? 15 . sarah I have sex with my husband . gary that 's awful . sarah nine month later , I have jaden . that 's she over there . she point to a small portable baby monitor . gary she 's cute . sarah she 's sleep for another ... ( check watch ) ... seventeen minute . she keep to a schedule . gary she sound really boring . sarah ( whisper ) she be . a beat . a smile between they . gary you be rich . should not you have a nanny from ecuador ? sarah I be canadian . gary ( as if that explain it ) ohhh ... sarah I can not work in the U.S. plus , I want to maintain this air of moral superiority by do everything myself . gary very canadian . sarah thanks . another pregnant pause . 16 . sarah ( cont 'd ) listen , jaden go down again at 2:30 . maybe I could stop by . gary I be pretty sure I will be here . sarah it 's a date . gary be it ? she pick up the baby monitor , head back into she house . suddenly , she realize ... sarah oh. I be Sarah , by the way . gary Gary . sarah yeah . I know . CUT to : 129 129 int . bathroom - day Gary brushes he tooth and tongue . 130-131 130-131 omit 132 132 int . kitchen - day Gary neaten up , toss out newspaper and delivery box . he plump pillow . he look up at the clock : 2:30 . he sit , try to read candide again . he fidget . he look at the clock again : 2:49 . 133 133 ext . back patio - day under the pretense of sweeping up leave , he peer over the wall , look directly into Sarah 's kitchen . but there 's no one in there . 134 134 omit 17 . 135 135 int . upstair walkway - day Gary carefully set rat trap , staggering they every few foot . he poke one with a pencil . the metal arm snap back , break the pencil in two . 136 136 int . foyer - day Gary notice that the piano have a electronic device attach to it . he turn it on . he open the piano bench , find computer disk . a red disk be label " know . " he put it in . Hit play . the piano begin play by itself , a sensuous but melancholy classical piece . Gary lie on the floor , listen to it . he stare up at the elaborate chandelier . 137-141 137-141 omit 142 142 ext . front of house - day Gary be sit on a bench by the front walk , try to read more of he book . he look over to see Sarah come up the step , carry the baby monitor and a bottle of chardonnay . she stop beside he . sarah the best of all possible world . gary ( confuse ) okay . sarah ( point to he book ) voltaire . candide . ( off he reaction ) be you actually read it ? gary I think I be . he get up . sarah sorry I bail . jaden have a fever . 18 . gary ah ! how boring of she . she hand he the wine . sarah housewarm gift . gary demon liquor . sarah the best part be , I can drink it . I pump before I come . gary so do I . 143-144 143-144 omit 145 145 int . live room - day Sarah top off Gary 's wine glass . they be both on the couch . the baby monitor be sit on the table behind they . gary ... so it 's kind of hard to prove that I only mean to burn my ex - girlfriend 's stuff , and not the entire house . sarah yeah . Fire 's tricky that way . gary how about you ? any history of arson ? sarah strangely enough ... gary I know it ! I could see that little spark . sarah it be not arson . probably . a long beat while she decide whether she want to tell he the story . sarah ( cont 'd ) okay . when I be a little girl , we house catch on fire . 19 . gary oh shit . music begin , provide back to she monologue . sarah I will never forget the look on my father 's face as he gather I up in he arm and race through the burn building , out onto the pavement . on gary , feel bad he bring this up , but fascinate at the same time . sarah ( cont 'd ) I stand there shiver in my pajamas and watch the whole world go up in flame . and when it be all over , I say to myself , " be that all there be to a fire ? " be that all there be ? as she start to sing , Gary realize the story be not hers at all . it 's Peggy Lee 's " be that all there be . " sarah ( cont 'd ) be that all there be , be that all there be ? if that 's all there be my friend , then let 's keep dance . she lean closer . sarah ( cont 'd ) let 's break out the booze and have a ball . if that 's all there be . stand up , Sarah take Gary 's hand , pull he off the couch . she lead he to a open area -- more space for dance . sarah ( cont 'd ) be that all there be , be that all there be ? if that 's all there be my friend , then let 's keep dance . let 's break out the booze and have a ball , if that 's all there be . CUT to : 146-149 146-149 omit 20 . 150 150 int . sarah' bathroom - day [ monologue ] Sarah lean up to the mirror , try to get she contact in . it 's not go well . her eye be tear up . sarah then I fall in love with the most wonderful boy in the world . we would take long walk by the river or just sit for hour gaze into each other 's eye . we be so very much in love . then one day he go away and I think I would die . but I do not . and when I do not , I say to myself , " be that all there be to love ? " 151 151 int . live room - day Sarah and Gary start to dance . sarah be that all there be ? be that all there be ? if that 's all there be my friend , then let 's keep ... 152 152 int . antique hardware store - day deep in the bowel of the store , Sarah be surround by vintage lighting fixture . she 's ( futilely ) try to match a specific light switch plate . to camera : sarah I know what you be think . if that 's the way she feel about it why do not she just end it all ? I be in no hurry for that final disappointment . I know just as well as I be stand here talk to you , when that final moment come and I be breathe my last breath , I will be say to myself ... 153 153 int . live room - day Sarah and Gary become more intimately acquainted on the couch . they still have not kiss , but hand be run up and down over clothing . Sarah be not sing anymore , though she voice continue . 21 . sarah' voice be that all there be , be that all there be ? if that 's all there be my friend , then let 's keep dance . let 's break out the booze and have a ball , if that 's all there ... just as they be about to kiss , a baby howl . it 's the monitor , hissing and popping as jaden wake up from she nap , cranky and hungry . Sarah push back . Gary try to close the gap , but she 's already stand up . sarah I need to ... gary just ... sarah my shoe . be here . okay . as she reach for one , she knock over a wine glass . sarah ( cont 'd ) crap ! gary do not worry about it . just ... sarah I be go . bye . carry both she shoe , she 's across the room and out the front door before he can say anything more . CUT to : 154 154 int . kitchen - day Gary wash the wine glass , be sure to wash off any trace of lipstick . he dry they and put they back in the cabinet . face with the remainder of the wine , he consider dump it down the sink . instead , he chug it from the bottle . he wrap the empty bottle in newspaper and tuck it in the recycle . 155 155 omit 22 . 156 156 int . office / gym - summer night Gary work out hard on the elliptical trainer . he have he ipod cranke with a pounding tune . he do abs on a stability ball . he 's spend . 157 157 int . kitchen - night Gary enter from the driveway door , gulp from a water bottle . he start to look through the delivery menus when he notice a orange Post - it note by the telephone . it read : look for the nine . he pick it up , look at the back . nothing . stick it back down on the counter . CUT to : 158 158 int . live room - night Gary sit on the couch with he water bottle , listen to the baby monitor : Sarah be sing a lullaby . he take off he shoe and sock . when she 's finish ... sarah ( on monitor ) goodnight , sweetheart . gary goodnight . for a long beat , it 's quiet . then we hear rustling . a crib toy play a short melody . then a slightly - digital voice speak : voice the cat say meow ! the pig say oink ! Gary smile to himself . voice ( cont 'd ) the cow say moo ! the cow say moo ! the cow say moo ! evidently , jaden love the cow . voice ( cont 'd ) the dog say , nine . nine. nine . nine . 23 . Gary look back . do he just hear that ? the phone ring . 159 159 int . kitchen - night [ continuous ] Gary answer it on the third ring . gary hello . it 's the parole system . gary ( cont 'd ) yes . yes . two train run through the forest . Music strike . we see a sudden change in Gary 's expression . he nearly drop the phone . force himself not to panic , he push the button for speakerphone . he want to make sure he 's hearing it right . male computer voice nine . nine . nine . nine . Gary back away from the phone like it might sprout leg and jump on he . suddenly , he back into someone else . he spin around , startle . he only catch a glimpse of the man -- same height , same build , same everything . the man be go in half a instant , vanish into thin air . Gary bolt for the door . reaching the foyer , Gary step on a rat trap , which snap down on he toe . he scream , pull it off . he look around to find all eight trap be now on the main floor , rather than the second - floor walkway . limp , he hop out the door . we stay behind , look out through the open door . a160 a160 ext . wilshire blvd . - night headlight flare as car travel down Miracle mile , bring we to a Metro Bus stop -- a semi-enclosed bench with backlit signage . 24 . the far side of the shelter have a one - sheet for crime Lab . ( " this fall , monday be murder . " ) the bench side be a promo poster for a show call know . ( " some fate be choose for you . " ) it 's here we find Gary take a seat , gingerly check he toe where the rat trap snap . he 's hobble he way here from the house , which be probably a block away . there 's only a little blood , but he toe really hurt . over Gary 's shoulder , we see a blonde 8 - year old girl ( noelle ) watch he with concern . she bang on the shelter to get he attention . Gary nearly jump out of he skin . gary Jesus ! you scared the shit out of ... she sign " what 's wrong ? " gary ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) what ? noelle ( sign , subtitle ) you be hurt . gary I do not speak that . sorry . I do not ... she point to he toe . get what she must mean ... gary ( cont 'd ) I be fine . I will be fine . look around , he realize that the little girl be out here by herself . gary ( cont 'd ) where be you parent ? she look at he oddly , not really get the question . gary ( cont 'd ) you mom , you dad . where be they ? noelle ( sign , subtitle ) Mom be at the car . where you leave she . again , Gary have no idea what she 's say . 25 . noelle ( cont 'd ) ( sign , subtitle ) you be lose . gary look , you need to go back , okay ? you should not be out here . it 's not safe . noelle glance to she leave . we hear bwoop bwoop as a police cruiser pull over to the curb . gary ( cont 'd ) shit . we go to a wider angle as two officer get out of the car . Gary look back . noelle be go , though there 's really nowhere she could have disappear . put on he best face for the police ... gary ( cont 'd ) even , officer . CUT to : b160 b160 int ./ ext . police cruiser - night handcuffed , Gary be place in back . he 's reserve the right to remain silent . margaret ( pre - lap ) once again , the idea of house arrest be you stay inside you house . 160 160 int . live room - day the same parole officer from earlier attaches a black anklet to Gary 's leave leg . we see that Gary 's leave foot also feature bandage toe . margaret think of it like a electronic leash . basically , if you ever go more than 100 foot from the base station ... she point to a electronic device by the wall . 26 . margaret ( cont 'd ) ... the cop come , they throw you ass in jail . if you ever try to take it off , the cop come and throw you ass in jail . and if they ever detect drug or alcohol in you system ... gary ... the cop come and throw my ass in jail . margaret no . I kick you ass . then the cop come and throw you ass in jail . the parole officer smile . gary do I still have to answer the phone ? margaret no , I will be do that from now on . I be move into the guest room . gary I do not need a babysitter . margaret despite all evidence to the contrary . do not worry , I be a cool roomie . who do you think teach affleck how to gamble ? the parole officer hit a test button on the anklet , which let out a piercing alarm . margaret ( cont 'd ) let 's never hear that again . CUT to : 161 161 ext . front of house - day Margaret walk heel - to- toe , count she step . margaret 97 . 98 . 99 . with a piece of chalk , she draw a line on the concrete . she look back to Gary , who 's wait by the front door . 27 . margaret ( cont 'd ) behold ! the edge of you world . in the world . ( jump over the line ) out of the world . in the world . out of the world . look at I , I be dancin ' ! she start do the run man over the line . even Gary 's dark mood be break . 162 162 omit 163 163 ext . back patio - night Margaret and Gary roast marshmallow over the propane grill to make s'more . they be giggle . gary so the guy be like , " do you know fencing ? " and I say , of course . that 's what it say on my headshot . margaret lies ! gary always . so he say , " foil or epi ? " margaret epée . gary I say , I be about equal in both . margaret which be true . gary so he toss I this fuck conan sword and go after I . I be just swinging , try to stay alive . but I end up cut he ear . margaret you cut he ear off ? gary just a little . but I get the job . Margaret be confuse . 28 . margaret wait . you be in Pirates of the Caribbean ? gary yes . no . not the movie , the ride . I be like , " gar ! keep both hand inside the boat ! " Margaret laugh so hard she cough . CUT to : 164 164 int . upstair walkway - night ready for bed , Margaret lean out the guest bedroom door . margaret goodnight , fuckface . Gary look out he door . gary goodnight , you filthy whore . both door shut . CUT to : 165 165 ext . house - day establish . margaret ( pre - lap ) it 's incredible . 166 166 ext . back patio - day Margaret and Gary sip they morning beverage , look at something spectacular in the yard . margaret it 's incredible . gary I know . whenever I see they , and I always feel like , damn ... margaret ... I be bear at the wrong time . gary exactly . 29 . we reverse to see the object of they awe : a giant inflatable jump -o- rama in the shape of a castle . CUT to : 167 167 int . the castle - day various shot : Gary and Margaret jump with all they might , bounce off the wall , scream all the time . when both finally collapse , it become strangely tranquil . they be safe inside a inflatable paradise . Gary scoot over beside Margaret . she put she head on he arm . it 's nice . prelap : a doorbell ring . CUT to : 168 168 int . foyer - day Gary open the door to find Sarah . sarah where 's the warden ? gary Grocery . sarah quite the little missus . she walk past he , into the house . 169 169 int . live room - day [ continuous ] Sarah cross to the couch , pick up the baby monitor . gary how 's jaden ? sarah bore . we have not have nearly the grand old time you two have be have . there 's a edge to she voice . gary you have be watch . 30 . sarah well . I do not want to meddle in you affair . gary my affair ? sarah everyone need affection . I get it . she 's head back for the door . gary I do not . be you seriously jealous ? sarah the opposite . I just want to protect she . gary from what ? sarah from you . look at you . you date model . actress . tennis player . gary yeah . sarah on a scale of one to ten , you belong with the nine . we both know you will not settle for less . with that , she 's go . CUT to : 170 170 int . kitchen - day Gary be try to load dish into the dishwasher , but have a hard time get one bowl to fit . margaret what be " the nine ? " gary what ? he look over . Margaret hold up the orange sticky note by the phone . 31 . margaret " look for the nine . " gary it 's not mine . margaret it 's you handwrite . gary I do not write it . margaret okay . she put it back down . but she do not believe he . margaret ( cont 'd ) all -ee-all - ee-all -come-free . gary ( perplex ) what ? margaret nothing . gary seriously , what ? margaret nothing . I think you be ... forget it . done. sorry . 171 171 ext . back yard - day at the far edge of the property , Margaret and Gary play backgammon . they mood be significantly more subdued . Margaret answer she ringing cell phone . margaret yhello ? hi. what ?! ( to Gary ) I have to take this . he nod . Margaret start walk back to the house . margaret ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) well , who think it be a good idea let Courtney into a pottery shop ? 32 . Left alone , Gary roll the dice idly . he get a 4 and a 5 . roll again . 4,5. 3,6 . 4,5. 3,6 . 3,6 . 3,6 . 4,5 . he keep roll , the wheel in he head start to turn . 172 172 ext . front of house - day Sarah be look in through the live room window , try to spot Gary . give up , she turn back to the main step , only to find ... margaret , who do not look pleased . margaret I know who you be . sarah really . margaret I know what you be . and if you come near he again ... sarah you will what ? Margaret let that go unanswer . there 's obviously something big we be not privy to . sarah ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do , m ... she 's forget Margaret 's name -- if she ever know it . sarah ( cont 'd ) sorry , what 's he call you ? margaret Margaret . sarah I like that . " Margaret . " classic . margaret why can not you just leave he alone ? sarah alone ? he 's a actor . if nobody 's watch he , he do not really exist . ( approach ) and for the record , I be not the one deceive he . ( more ) 33 . sarah ( cont 'd ) he 's go to figure it out eventually . and when he do , who do you think he 's gonna blame ? Sarah let she warning land , then walk past Margaret , head back down the stair . reveal Gary watch through the hole in the door . a173 a173 int . foyer - day Gary hear the whole conversation . or at least enough of it to be deeply freak out . 173 173 omit 174 174 int . upstair walkway - night Margaret lean out she doorway : margaret goodnight , ratface . gary goodnight . 175 175 int . bedroom - night Gary sit in one of the upholster chair , stare at he still - make bed . it 's impossible to know what he 's think , but the wheel be turn . 176 176 ext . side patio - morning Gary open the newspaper to a page at random . he start circle thing with a red sharpie . macro close up . his pen circle the number nine every time it appear . as he flip the page , he spot Sarah look in through the round trellis , just a few foot away . she 's hold she own newspaper , still in the wrapper . sarah hey neighbor . gary hi. 34 . sarah sorry for the psychotic episode . I will blame it on hormone . gary okay . sarah be you alright ? you look a little beautiful mind-ish . he almost deflect it , but decide to trust she : gary how many time should the number nine come up ? probablistically ? sarah probablistically ? gary ( annoyed ) you know what I mean . sarah one time out of ten . gary how about every time ? he hand she the paper through the bar . gary ( cont 'd ) but they only show up when you look for they . look for they change thing . try to find a explanation ... sarah some of this be price . there 's go to be a lot of nine when ... gary there be something wrong with the world . Sarah look up slowly . she smile for a uncomfortably long beat . she 's stalling , think . sarah you have a eyelash on you ... here ... she step forward , and motion for he to lean closer to the bar . brush off the non-existent eyelash , she whisper : 35 . sarah ( cont 'd ) I can get you out of here . but you have to trust I . margaret [ o.s . ] Morning . margaret enter , carry she tea . she see Gary by himself , lean near the bar of the trellis . margaret everything okay ? gary peachy . margaret peachy 's good . I like peach . wider , we see that Sarah be flush back against the wall , out of Margaret 's line of sight . margaret ( cont 'd ) you want coffee ? gary sure . she turn and head back into the house . once she 's out of earshot ... gary ( cont 'd ) what do I do ? sarah you have to trust I . 177 177 int . live room - day [ a few minute later ] close on a white plastic device mount in the corner of the room , about ten foot up . it might be a smoke detector . Gary stare up at it , intently . he step forward . a little red light flick on inside the unit . after a few second it turn off . it 's some sort of motion detector . Gary test it again , try to move he arm slowly enough that the light never engage . 36 . Margaret enter , carry two mug . she watch he warily . margaret you okay ? gary no . margaret oh . gary tell I about the nine . margaret the nine ? gary the nine . margaret sort of hard to start there ... gary try . and do not tell I I be imagine it . they be show up everywhere , and I want to know why . try to formulate the simple truthful explanation : margaret best guess ? they be you subconscious try to remind you who you be . gary I be a nine ? margaret yes . it do not make a lot of sense of out context . ( offer ) coffee ? he take the mug , then reconsider . maybe it 's lace with something . gary why do not you drink coffee ? you be always drink tea . frustrate , she take he coffee back and drink it . she would really like to drink the whole thing to prove she point , but it 's just too hot . 37 . margaret happy ? she gesture for he to sit down . reluctantly , he do . she sit across from he . margaret ( cont 'd ) you be not go to understand this yet , but we have know each other for like 25 year . one day when I be 12 , you call I out of the blue . and we have be talk ever since . gary talk . margaret on the phone . usually . gary I never meet you before I come here . margaret you , Gary , never meet I . but you be not always ... ( lack the word ) I can understand why you be a little confuse . gary no. I be a lot confuse . margaret theory ? gary this be all a dream . margaret no . gary I be in a coma . margaret ( amused ) no . gary then I be dead . this be Hell , or purgatorium or something . margaret okay , a purgatorium be where Roman vomit . but no . this be as real as anything can be . 38 . gary ( suspicious ) what do that mean ? she sit forward in she chair . by instinct , he sit back . margaret everything be what it be . but you be not who you think you be . 178 178 new angle ( time jump ) Gary get up , head for the front door . margaret ( cont 'd ) God , no ! please , Gary , do not . but he 's already outside . 180 180 ext . front walkway - day he 's walk towards the blue chalk perimeter line , head for Sarah 's house . leave fall lazily from the tree , counter - point to the tension . Margaret call out from the arched window . margaret you do not know what you be do . she 's almost at tear . he stop at the edge of the chalk line . gary what happen if I cross this line ? the tear in she eye fall . margaret I do not know . but it 's not good . he very deliberately step over the line . we hear a thin beeping from the house - arrest anklet . he shoot she a look to say , be that all there be ? but the beeping grow louder , deeper . it start to come from all side , booming , a nuclear- meltdown / self-destruct - sequence - activate drone . Gary suddenly realize something very , very terrible be about to happen . 39 . gary oh shit . the world ignites in white - hot atomic flame . we see the blind glare erupt behind Margaret , illuminate through she skin , right to the bone . the same flash catch a leaf in mid-air , sizzling through it like a etched x-ray . as the light hit Gary , we ... CUT to black . 40 . reader note : part 2 be a half - hour episode of a Project greenlight - style documentary series call " behind the screen , " which track the progress of a one - hour tv drama pilot from conception through delivery . in keep with the genre , it 's very fast and cutty . interview sequence be do to a off - camera interviewer . some scene be unscript . the gist of this scene be summarize in italic . 41 . 200 200 title over : part two : reality television CUT to : 201 201 animated title we rush in on a television set , which spin around revealing a blind constellation of pixel . melissa ( v.o. ) previously , on " behind the screen . " CUT to : 202 202 ext . studio lot - day gavin taylor ( 30 ) walk to a meeting , with he laptop bag over he shoulder . he have a tidy , banana Republic sensibility and a easy smile that bely he manic schedule . susan ( v.o. ) gavin Taylor 's one of the best tv writer out there . 203 203 int . susan's office - day clutter and corporate , with stack of script and a few touch of arbitrary quirk . susan howard ( 35 ) and gavin kiss hello . susan ( v.o. ) every network would kill to work with he . 204 204 int . gavin' office / guesthouse - day interview . gavin " know " be a one - hour drama about a woman whose husband disappear . she start to believe that she daughter be the key to a dark conspiracy . 42 . 205 205 int . conference room - day gavin pitch he show to the network boss . gavin basically , it 's like " Rosemary 's toddler . " 206 206 ext . studio lot - day impromptu interview . gavin be beam . gavin we sell it in the room . 207 207 int . kitchen - day gavin lean into the speakerphone . gavin just tell I Roger like the script . 208 208 int . susan's office - day Susan be on she speakerphone . susan you be shoot a pilot . 209 209 int . susina coffeeshop - day gavin have coffee with actress melissa mccarthy ( 34 ) , he best friend . he 's pitching she the idea . gavin ( v.o. ) Melissa mccarthy be my first and only choice for the lead . melissa I love it . I will do it . 210 210 ext . forest - day a epk - style interview , on the set of the pilot . melissa gavin and I have be friend for forever . 43. 211 211 ext . warner bros . lot - day Melissa hang out with she " Gilmore Girls " cast and crew . melissa ( v.o. ) it 's really hard to leave a show like " Gilmore Girls , " but I really believe in gavin . 212 212 int . conference room - day gavin , Susan and a line producer go over the figure . gavin ( v.o. ) the only way we can afford to shoot the pilot be in Canada . 213 213 int . bedroom - day gavin stack up clothes on he bed , prepare to pack . gavin it 's really hard to think about leave for six week . 214 214 ext . forest road - day gavin yell : gavin action ! a steadicam follow Melissa as she get out the passenger door of a Toyota prius , a alarmed look on she face . 215 215 omit 216 216 title over : episode 6 : post CUT to : 217 217 int . lax / baggage claim - day a driver hold up a sign for " taylor . " gavin approach , wave to he . he have a laptop bag over he shoulder . title identify he as : 44 . gavin Taylor creator / showrunner 218 218 int . laundry room / kitchen - day gavin unlock the door , enter from the driveway . he 's haul a massive wheeled duffle bag . ( note : this be the same house from part one . ) we hear the clatter of toenail on hardwood floor . gavin kneel down to greet ... gavin puggy ! gavin 's pug pounce all over he . 219 219 int . kitchen - day [ minute later ] gavin be on the cordless phone , talk with a friend as he sort through massive pile of mail . on he leave wrist , we notice the same green string bracelet Gary wear in part one . gavin ( on phone ) it 's weird be back . it do not feel like my house anymore . a220 a220 int . foyer - day gavin sit at the piano , peck out a haunt melody he 's be fiddling with . he grab a red diskette and a sharpie . gavin ( v.o. ) at this stage , you have the script you write , and the film you shot , but you do not know how it 's all go to come together . you just know how you want it to feel . he write " know " on the diskette , and pop it into the disclavier unit . 220 220 int . editing suite - day Susan , gavin and the editor watch the cut . Susan be take note on a legal pad . jump CUT to : Susan flip to she next note . title list she position as : 45 . Susan Howard vp , Drama development susan I just do not know if you need the cold open . people want to get right to the story . angle on the editor , bristle a bit . 221 221 int . hallway - day [ later ] impromptu interview . gavin I invite Susan to see a rough cut because I trust she taste . intercut editing suite . susan could we be more clear why Mary be so freak out at that moment ? gavin wow . I think it be pretty obvious . and dramatic . gavin [ interview ] more importantly , I trust she as a barometer of Roger 's taste . susan I know . but that 's Roger 's big thing this season . never let the audience be confuse . CUT to : 222 222 int . editing suite - [ later that ] day the editor hand Melissa a microphone . title list she simply as : Melissa mccarthy " Mary " gavin so we be try to squeeze in a wild line over this shot of noelle . the monitor show a three - second clip . it 's Melissa and a eight year - old actress ( " noelle " ) in a car . 46 . Melissa 's character look alarmed by something the girl have just do or say . melissa what 's the line ? gavin ( quickly ) how could you ... melissa howkajew ? gavin yeah . melissa howkajew . it sound like kosher drug paraphernalia . like , come on shmuley ! have a toke on the howkajew . gavin I know . it 's just for the test screen . melissa they really think people will not get it ? gavin the dumb people might not . melissa I do not think we be make the show for dumb people . a beat . jump CUT to : Melissa hold a microphone . as video footage play back , we hear three evenly - space looping beeps . where the fourth one would be , Melissa say the line . melissa ( cont 'd ) howkajew ... ( again ) how could you ... ( again ) how couldjew ... finish , she hand the mic back to gavin . 47 . melissa ( cont 'd ) I feel so dirty . gavin that 's how I like ya . Melissa giggle . 223-226 223-226 omit 227 227 int . testing service theatre - day a moderator explain how it all work to the recruited audience . the test begin . angle on a monitor . we see a scene of Melissa ( as " Mary " ) on a forest road . 228 228 int . testing service / focus group room - day through a one - way mirror , gavin and Susan watch as the moderator ask a group of twelve male viewer about the pilot they just watch . they comment be mostly positive . gavin and Susan share relieved look . she have a notepad , as always . one agitate man keep stare at the mirror , right at gavin . ( we recognize he as the parole Officer from part one . ) gavin that guy 's look at I . susan he can not see you . as a test , gavin wave he arm . the agitate man 's expression change slightly , but it 's not clear whether it 's in reaction or not . the moderator direct she next question to the agitate man . moderator how about you ? do you feel it be ... agitate man it 's not real . moderator and what do you mean by that ? 48 . agitate man the show 's not real . why can not you see that ? Jesus ! be you fuck blind ? ( look at the mirror ) you think you be above it all , do not you ? you be trap here with the rest of they , brother . he stand up , push past the other people to come right up to the one - way glass . he stare directly at gavin , even though he should not be able to see he . he shout : agitate man ( cont 'd ) get out . get out ! oblivio accebit ! gavin back away from the glass , freak out . CUT to : 229 229 ext . STREET - [ later that ] day impromptu interview with gavin , stand beside he prius . he 's clearly still shake by the experience . gavin the guy be crazy . obviously . the show be kinda twisted , and it just flip something in he . gavin sound like he 's try to convince himself . producer's voice ( o.c. ) what do he say ? gavin oblivio accebit . it 's Latin . " oblivion approach . " producer's voice ( o.c. ) what do you think it mean ? gavin other than the world be come to a end ? " oblivio " also mean forget , forgetfulness . ( jump cut ) I think that 's what I be go to do . forget it . CUT to : 49 . 230 230 int . live room - night gavin host a game night : good friend and lot of cocktail . the guest include Melissa and Susan , along with SAM , tom , bruce , dana , jon , kevin , jeff , dan , and carl . ( we do not show anyone 's name . ) they be play celebrity . we go several round , keep the best of what 's say . CUT to : 231 231 int . kitchen - night between round of celebrity , party - goer mingle . gavin be make a new batch of cocktail -- he obviously have a knack for it . Susan pour herself another glass of chardonnay . susan do you have a chance to look at the card yet ? gavin from the screen ? Melissa reach in , grab the vodka . melissa pardon I . daddy need he drink . she make a quick cape cod . from the other room , Sam yell : SAM ( o.s. ) woman , where 's my cocktail ! melissa ( yell back ) I be a-comin ! ( to gavin ) I still love you most . she give he a quick peck , then dash off with Sam 's drink . susan ( continue she think ) people write stuff on the card they will not say in a focus group . they get more specific . he shake the mixer . susan ( cont 'd ) Roger have this advice I always remember . ( more ) 50 . susan ( cont 'd ) forget about anyone who score you in the twos and threes . they will never like you show . gavin pour . susan ( cont 'd ) instead , look for the nine . gavin the nine . susan they be the one who think you show be almost the best thing they have ever see . they get you vision . they just want it to be even better . Melissa yell from the live room : melissa round two be start without you ! susan so you will look at the card ? gavin absolutely . make he way back to the live room , he stop by the phone . pull out a orange Post - it and make a note . as he leave , we go in close to read it : look for the nine CUT to : 232 232 int . susan's office - day interview . susan sometimes the number point thing out that you do not want to admit to yourself . in this case , Melissa . insert : comment card . 51 . susan ( cont 'd ) her overall score be okay . but if you look at the people who score the show high , the one consistent dip be Melissa . CUT to : 233 233 int . restaurant - day Susan and gavin be have lunch . gavin she do not have a ton to do in the pilot . there 's so much to set up , you do not get a lot of Melissa - time . susan true . that 's one of the challenge with a premise pilot . gavin but the network still like the show ? susan of course . Roger be you biggest cheerleader . gavin how about above Roger ? susan Roger call the shot . gavin after he consult with the Higher power . susan true . gavin do they like the show ? susan they have not see it . they be watch all the pilot on Friday . a beat . gavin why be you focus on Melissa ? 52 . susan because she 's the biggest concern . gavin she 's also the biggest star in the show . susan no , you be the biggest star . Roger make a huge deal with you , and he go along with casting Melissa when that be not he instinct . gavin well , hooray for Roger . I do not understand what you want I to do . susan meet with someone . gavin who ? susan dahlia Salem . gavin drop he fork so that it will clatter on he plate . susan ( cont 'd ) the network have a hold deal with she . gavin yes . and you put she in gatin 's pilot . susan it 's dead . it 's die . but the network love dahlia . so if she could jump over to you show ... gavin replace Melissa and reshoot the pilot . susan Roger would pay for it . gavin be nauseous . he have to take a drink to be able to speak . gavin so be this even about Melissa ? 53. susan it 's about get you show on the air . that 's all that matter in the end . CUT to : 234 234 ext . susina coffeeshop - day establish . 235 235 int . susina coffeeshop - day gavin meet with dahlia Salem . she 's pretty , funny , and very cool . they talk about the other pilot ( gatin 's ) , the role , and how fuck up it be to be have this double - top -secret conversation . it go well . they seem to genuinely like each other . 236 236 int . susina - day [ later ] dahlia be go . interview with gavin . gavin I see why the network love she . it 's just , I write the part for Melissa . she 's one of my best friend . and in my head , I only see Melissa for the role . ( jump cut ) could dahlia do it ? absolutely . it could work . I just do not know if I want it to work . 237 237 omit 238 238 int . PC bang - night a empty storefront in koreatown , both wall line with computer for the customer play high - end videogame . we see gavin play . his interview be intercut with he intense focus on the screen as he play " bad Day l.a . " gavin when I get stress out , I play videogame . it 's my therapy . I can not have they on my own computer , because then I would never write . so I come down to koreatown . ( jump cut ) ( more ) 54 . gavin ( cont 'd ) videogame be better than real life . when you get stick , you can always hit `reset . ' life need a reset button . 239 239 int . kitchen - day gavin 's on the phone . gavin if we be really go to replace Melissa , I want to hear it from Roger . 240 240 int . susan's office - day Susan talk to the speakerphone . intercut gavin susan Roger 's on a flight to London . but I talk with he before he leave . he say yes on dahlia . gavin what do that mean ? susan it mean yes . gavin yes , replace Melissa ? susan he want you show on the air , star dahlia . I just get off the phone with she agent . they love it . she love you . gavin what about Melissa ? susan you want I to call she agent ? gavin God no . I will tell she . gavin hang up . we stay on he side of the conversation . in the background , we see the door to the driveway swing open by itself . 55 . a beat later , it slam shut . gavin be understandably startle . CUT to : 241 241 omit 242 242 int . rehearsal studio - day Melissa , wear a nun 's habit , sing " as Long as he need me. " a pianist be rehearse with she . melissa as long as he need I , I know where I must be ... intercut with on - camera interview : melissa ( cont 'd ) in - between the pilot and the series , I be try to squeeze in a one - woman show . ( edit ) I have always be obsessed with nun . they be sort of like God 's fag-hag . Melissa spot gavin enter and sing the rest of the song to he . CUT to : 243 243 ext . west hollywood bar - night gavin and Melissa have martinis . gavin I think my house be haunt . melissa you house be really old . gavin 1926 . ever since I get back , I feel like there 's someone else there . and then last night , I think I hear something . a woman sing . melissa shit. like a ghost ? 56 . gavin I guess . and then I see something . I run into someone . melissa the woman ? gavin it be a man . I think it be I . a beat while Melissa process . melissa you house be haunt by yourself ? gavin yeah . melissa gavin , be you alright ? gavin no. no. he take a long beat , psyching himself up . what spill out be heartfelt but clearly rehearse . gavin ( cont 'd ) the network want to replace you . melissa oh my God . gavin and I be let they , because I really want the show on the air . I have all this character inside my head , and they want to live . I be the only way they can . this be the only way they can . I have five season mapped out , and though it suck , either you go away , or the show go . I have to make a decision , and that 's the decision I make . I be sorry . by the end of it , we can hear the emotion in he voice . Melissa take a beat to process . melissa so it 's do . finish . decide . gavin yes . 57 . melissa I understand . it 's not you fault . you be morally incapable of do the right thing . gavin do not rise to the challenge . melissa ( cont 'd ) do not get I wrong . I think you do feel bad for I . but that 's all you feel for I . you still see I as the fat girl you call on Friday night when a date fall through . let 's go to a movie ! let 's go to fubar ! and if you meet a hot piece of ass , do not worry about Melissa , you can apologize tomorrow . or do not ! same difference . it 's not like we be actually friend . gavin I do not want to do this on camera . melissa no , because you can not control it . you little puppet be off they string , run around . say thing you do not write . reality terrify you . gavin reality . melissa yes . gavin the reality be , you would not be here without I . I give you you first few role . and you career be a result of that . with exaggerated relief ... melissa God , thank you . thank you for finally play that card . I always know you be hold onto it , the " I invent Melissa mccarthy card . " congratulation , you win . the game be over . she get up to go , then decide she have one more thing to say : 58 . melissa ( cont 'd ) do not you ever pity I again . she leave he sit at the table . CUT to : 244 upfront 244 title over : CUT to : 245 245 int . network conference room - day New music for a change of mood : upbeat , excited . interview : susan upfront be the week each year when the network present they fall schedule to advertiser . CUT to : 246 246 int . gavin' office - day interview : gavin sort of like , " here 's we new shit . like it ? " ( edit ) upfront be a complete oxymoron , because no one be remotely honest . intercut susan : susan the schedule be a secret until it 's announce , so everything be still in play . jump CUT : gavin but hey ! at least you be in New York ! CUT to : 247 247 int . towncar / new york / drive - day gavin watch Manhattan roll by out the window . 59 . 248 248 ext . manhattan HOTEL - day gavin tip the driver and wheel he luggage into a skyscraper hotel . 249 249 int . manhattan HOTEL hallway - day gavin open the door to room 1909 . 250 250 int . manhattan HOTEL room - day gavin check out the view . we go close on a card which read : congrat ! Love Roger , Susan , and everyone at the network it come with a fruit tray . 251 251 int . manhattan HOTEL elevator - day gavin , alone , be head down to the lobby . impromptu interview continue : gavin it 's surreal be here . none of this be how I plan it . the elevator stop at another floor . camera do not look as the door open , but gavin spot someone he know . gavin ( cont 'd ) hey you ! woman' voice god. hi. gavin . turn to find dahlia Salem . she 's hesitant to get on the elevator . dahlia you be do you ... show . she mean the camera filming they . gavin get on . come join reality television . she step on . Hit the button for " lobby . " gavin ( cont 'd ) when do you get in ? 60 . dahlia just now . this whole last 24 hour have be surreal . gavin I just say surreal . dahlia you be good ? I want to call you . gavin please . call anytime . I do not sleep . dahlia I just feel weird about what happen . not sure he 's follow ... gavin do something happen ? CUT to : 252 252 ext . manhattan STREET - day near the hotel , gavin be on he cell phone . gavin so I just bump into dahlia Salem , star of my show ... title indicate gavin 's on the phone with he agent . gavin ( cont 'd ) ... who tell I gatin 's show get pick up , so no , she will not be in my show , which make I wonder , do my show even exist ? as he listen to the other side , we hear a distant boom , and then a rush , like autumn leave blow down a street . gavin react , though none of the passersby seem to hear it . back to the conversation ... gavin ( cont 'd ) no , I have leave word with Roger . I have leave word with Susan . it 's like they have drop off the face of the Earth . 61 . 253 253 int . manhattan HOTEL suite - day Susan be on she phone . at the same time , she 's plow through email on she blackberry . susan ( pre - lap ) right now , the whole schedule 's in flux . you get this missive from Roger and the Higher power ... jump CUT interview : susan ( cont 'd ) ... but you be not sure what they add up to . right now , I can not say for certain whether know will end up on the schedule at all . CUT to : 254 254 int . HOTEL gym - day gavin talk with JOHN gatins ( 34 ) , who 's do abs on a exercise ball . John gatin creator / showrunner " paradise field " gatins look , I be sorry . but I be kind of not . I want my show on the air . and I think it be shitty for you to go after dahlia behind my back . gavin I hear you show be go . gatins I " hear " you fire Melissa mccarthy without have a backup . why would they pick up you show when you do not have a star ? gavin the network want dahlia . gatins yeah , in my show . we test right before you . we number be through the roof . gavin really . 62 . gatins really . who 's you exec ? gavin Susan Howard . gatins she would know . she be there . ask she . CUT to : 255 255 int . conference hallway - day Susan be on she cell phone . a cocktail party be in full swing nearby . we can hear the din and music , and see the occasional guest look for the restroom . susan ( on phone ) I be at the uta party . yeah . do you hear about ricky 's assistant ? she literally shat herself . no , I see it . in the background , we see gavin approach . Susan spot he and seize up a bit . she hold up a one - sec finger to he as she continue she conversation . gavin I will break you fuck finger . susan ( to phone ) I will call you back . she hang up . they look each other in the eye , dare each other to go first . susan ( cont 'd ) Roger want to talk to you personally . gavin bullshit . susan they be only pick up two drama . gavin the rest be , what , reality ? susan you can go mid-season . 63. gavin you can go to Hell . susan wow . she take a beat , try to size he up . susan ( cont 'd ) you think I deliberately sabotage you show . gavin do not you ? susan G. , I be on you side . trust I , I be the only one who be try to protect you . gavin susan protect I from what ? you ? there be so much more go you be psychotic. on than you ... gavin all I want to know be why . susan you want a motive ? gavin yes . susan this be not " crime Lab . " no one get murder . gavin my show do . so tell I why . susan I have to get you away from she . she be hold you back . gavin Melissa . susan you have to give she up . ( beat ) c'mon , G . if she really matter , you could not have betrayed she so easily . gavin I do not . 64 . susan what , you be the victim ? the big creator can not stand up to one little d-girl ? it be you choice . I do not make you do anything . I mean , do you have any principle ? do you believe in anything but you own ego ? gavin fuck you . susan you dialogue use to be sharper . maybe gatin could do a polish . he suddenly punch she , one hit to the face . she drop hard . gavin take a step back . tasting blood , Susan get to she knee . a wry smile . susan ( cont 'd ) be that all there be ? in the background , we see partygoer respond to the blow . Susan get to she foot . she approach gavin , hand open . she 's not go to hit he . susan ( cont 'd ) do you feel like a man ? because I will tell you a secret . she lean in very close to he ear . there 's a strange intimacy between they . susan ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you be not . she walk away . close on gavin . 256 256 ext . manhattan sidewalk - day we move with gavin as he walk . he 's try to get away from the camera , but it keep follow he . he reach a crosswalk . he have to wait for the light . finally , he look into camera : gavin look , I do not want to do this anymore . my show 's not go to happen , so this show be over . ( more ) 65 . gavin ( cont 'd ) done. go . I `m not go to be you fuck puppet . off -screen voice be you alright ? gavin look leave , where a African - american woman be wait for the same crosswalk . ( we recognize she as octavia , the streetwalker from part one . ) gavin I be fine . octavia who be you talk to ? gavin look back towards camera , a strange expression . much wider we see gavin and the woman on the corner . there 's no camera gavin could have be talk to . he 's understandably perplex : where do the documentary crew go ? be there ever anyone there ? we camera style have change : instead of handheld and jerky , we be smooth and slow . the music have completely change , underscore a sense of creep dread . we hold for a long beat . the light change . still a little unnerve , octavia begin to cross the street . only then do we notice something unusual float above she head : a sphere of blue light . wider , we see that everyone on the street have the same kind of sphere float a foot above they head . no one seem to see the light other than gavin . gavin look around in uneasy fascination , as if he 's just land on a alien world . a beat , then he have a unsettle think . he slowly look up . above he own head , he see the same sphere of light -- only he be bright white . pulse . blind . gavin oh God . 66 . we pull back , rising up to a perspective above and behind gavin . as we do , the edge of the frame creep in , revealing icons and unintelligible statistics , change moment by moment . a dialog box appear in the center of the screen , read ... exit now ? unsave change will be lose . [ cancel ] [ exit ] a arrow slide back and forth between to the two option . finally it land on ` exit . ' a click . CUT to black . fade in : x177 x177 int . live room - day [ part one ] we be continue a earlier scene from the end of part one . margaret I can understand why you be a little confuse . gary no. I be a lot confuse . margaret theory ? gary this be all a dream . margaret no . gary I be in a coma . margaret ( amused ) no . gary then I be dead . this be Hell , or purgatorium or something . 67 . margaret okay , a purgatorium be where Roman vomit . but no . this be as real as anything can be . gary ( suspicious ) what do that mean ? she sit forward in she chair . by instinct , he sit back . margaret everything be what it be . but you be not who you think you be . gary okay , then . who be I ? with practice calm ... margaret you be a multi-dimensional be of vast , almost infinite power . you create this world on a whim , and decide to stick around to see how it turn out . you , this body you be in , be just one of you incarnation . avatar . call you what you will . not sure he follow ... gary be you say I be God ? margaret technically , no . if God be a ten -- a theoretical ultimate , that - which - no - great - can- be-imagine -- you be more of a nine . gary so what be you ? margaret human be seven . monkey be six . gary what be the eight ? margaret koalas . they be telepathic . plus , they control the weather . she do not mean to get on that tangent ... 68 . margaret ( cont 'd ) what 's important be that you , you be the big cheese . El supremo . you could destroy the world with a single think . ( suddenly ) do not , incidentally . just file that away . but the truth be , you hold all the card : every church , every candle , every sacrifice -- that 's for you . when people pray , they be not praying because they want this thing or that thing . they just do not want to be forget . margaret ( cont 'd ) so you understand , I would have tell you earlier , but I do not ... gary yeah . margaret okay . gary I understand . but I do not believe you . he get up to exit . ( this be where we jump - cut time earlier . ) freeze frame . fade to black . 69 . 300 300 title over black : part Three : knowing fade in : 301 301 ext . meadow - day in a wide shot , we see a vast field , border by green mountain . unseen bird call out from the tree , while insect click and whirr . in the distance , we spot swatch of bright color move we way . it 's a family : father gabriel ( 34 ) , wife mary ( 33 ) and daughter noelle ( 8 ) . they be return from a short day hike . Mary carry a small videocamera . see that noelle be already a way down the path ... gabriel noelle ! do not get too far ahead . noelle turn around . instead of speak , she move she hand in sign language . ( she 's mute , not deaf . ) mary no . you have ice cream at lunch . noelle beg to differ . more signing . gabriel ( to Mary ) apparently freeze yogurt do not count . mary I will make note . 302 302 ext . SMALL gravel road - day the family walk up to they car , a blue Toyota prius . Gabriel shed he daypack , try to open the hatchback . it will not lift . Mary go to open the passenger door . lock . mary do you hit it ? gabriel should not have to . 70 . he fish the key out of he pocket . press the remote entry button repeatedly . Gabriel try to open the driver 's side door . lock . even noelle know something 's wrong . Gabriel pull the small mechanical key out of the fob . unlock the door and climb in . open the door for Mary and noelle . gabriel ( cont 'd ) I think we leave the overhead light on . he tap it . move the switch . mary shit . noelle sign she make - up representation of " shit . " mary ( cont 'd ) noelle . Gabriel slide the key into the slot . Hit " start . " nothing . gabriel battery be dead . least the starter be . noelle lean forward , aware that this be something serious . mary how do we ...? gabriel we call the service . that 's all we can do . mary it 's just the little battery that 's dead , right ? the big one be probably fine . gabriel I guess . mary we can not jump it from one battery to the other ? Cross - over somehow ? gabriel who do you marry ? MacGyver ? 71 . he get out of the car , retrieve he cell phone . Mary follow he out . notice that he 's not dial ... mary be you get a signal ? gabriel no . do you ? she check she phone . a long beat . mary yes ! one bar . they be both relieved . find the AAA card in he wallet , Gabriel take the phone and dial . it 's at this moment we notice the familiar green string bracelet around Gabriel 's wrist . in the back seat , noelle knock on the window . she sign , ask if everything be okay . mary ( cont 'd ) we be okay . daddy 's call people to help we . Gabriel pull the phone from he ear . look at the screen . Hit redial . fuck . gabriel the minute you try to place a call , the bar go away . mary keep try . gabriel okay , I will keep try , Mary . but it will keep happen . mary well , what do you want to do ? gabriel I do not know . he try redial . mary maybe if you hold it up higher . humor she , he hold it at arm 's length . no good . 72 . gabriel the problem be we be box in . it 's a canyon . a beat . gabriel ( cont 'd ) where we turn off the main road , it be more open . and higher , too . mary that 's at least a mile . gabriel I can run that . mary so ...we stay here ? gabriel you okay with that ? mary I do not think we have a choice , so , yeah . go. half a beat , while each wait for the other to think of a better plan . neither do . Gabriel lean down next to noelle 's window . gabriel daddy 's go to get a truck to help we out . you take care of you mom , okay ? noelle nod . gabriel ( cont 'd ) I will be right back . Gabriel give Mary a quick peck and start run down the road . we move in on noelle , who smile a little . CUT to : 303 303 ext . gravel road - day gravel crunch under Gabriel 's shoe as he run . he keep a easy pace . in various shot , we get a sense of the distance he 's travel . he pass gulch , meadow and boulder field . 73. he finally arrive at the junction of the dirt road and a larger ... 304 304 ext . pave road - day [ continuous ] pull out Mary 's cell phone , Gabriel try to get a signal . by he reaction , it 's still iffy . he dial , but the call drop . tries again . just the same . he look leave . look right . look back down the dirt road . he decide to head off to the right , downhill . 305 305 ext . further down the road - day we catch up to Gabriel as he 's walk in the middle of the road , still try unsuccessfully to get a signal . in the distance , he spot a patch of move color : a female hiker . a moment 's hesitation , then he yell out to she : gabriel Excuse I ! hi! hello ? she stop , turn . Gabriel jog to close the distance . as we approach , we reveal sierra , 38 . in the past 10 year , she 's " make a fresh start " 12 time . in this incarnation , she 's a wilderness - loving , bush-hate , wildly - overeducate clerk at Trader Joe 's in Venice . gabriel ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . do you have a cell phone ? sierra no , I do not . there 's no service up here . gabriel ( be : he phone ) yeah , I be find that out . sierra you can usually get a signal up at the ranger station . gabriel okay ... she point in the opposite direction -- back the way he come . 74 . sierra you follow the road . it 's probably ... I do not know . you have a car ? gabriel it 's dead . that 's why I need ... sierra oh ... she pull a stray hair back from she mouth . notice he notice she . gabriel yeah . a beat . she take a subtle step closer to the center of the road . gabriel ( cont 'd ) be you head back to you car now ? if you could give I a ride to a gas station , wherever ... she do not leap to extend a invitation . it take a beat for Gabriel to figure out why . gabriel ( cont 'd ) oh. hey . look , I be not some crazy Ted Bundy guy . I be not go to rape you or kill you or anything . she do not seem reassure . gabriel ( cont 'd ) of course , that 's what Ted Bundy would say . look , I be a videogame designer . ( fishing through wallet ) my wife be a editor . my daughter be four . he offer she a family photo . she look at it , but do not take it . gabriel ( cont 'd ) they be wait back at the car , and I want to get some help before it get dark . sierra I can call somebody when I get to town . try to temper he frustration ... 75 . gabriel I believe you . I do . but you do not know where the car be . and the guy might not come . we can not be up here all night . Sierra back away . sierra I be sorry . gabriel do not be sorry . just help I out here . sierra no. I can not . I be sorry . once she feel she 's reach a good distance , she turn and keep walk . gabriel why will not you trust I ? she do not turn back , head down the road . transition to : 306 306 ext . road / int . prius - day Mary be sit in the back seat of the prius with noelle , who 's get tired of she coloring book . noelle sign something to Mary , who consider the request . mary okay , but you have to be careful , understand ? you have to use Big girl hand . noelle nod . Mary hand she the small video camera . noelle have some trouble fold out the little screen , but eventually get it open without any help from she mom . mary ( cont 'd ) do you want to see where we be today ? noelle nod . Mary take the camera back for a second , flipping it to playback mode and rewind . the blocky video footage zip past . 76 . mary ( cont 'd ) okay , now hit play . this button . noelle do . on the tiny screen , we see noelle and she father eat lunch by a waterfall . ( Mary be filming . ) mary ( cont 'd ) there 's you . and there 's daddy . you be a little movie star , huh ? noelle smile . Signs something . mary ( cont 'd ) he will be back soon . do not you worry . CUT to : 307 307 ext . pave road - day Gabriel continue walk , head back in the direction he come . from behind he ... sierra ( o.s. ) hey ! he turn , find she a way back . she approach . gabriel be you follow I ? sierra once I be sure you be not follow I . I be sorry , it 's just ... gabriel you think I be Ted Bundy . sierra kinda . gabriel my name 's Gabriel . Bundy . she smile . sierra Sierra . they shake . sierra ( cont 'd ) weird that there 's no car . at all . 77 . gabriel yeah . sierra so , listen . I be park that way . she point off the road , through the forest . sierra ( cont 'd ) it 's not that far . if you want , I will give you a ride to town . gabriel really ? sierra yeah . make up some karma . gabriel lead the way . she do . they cross off the pavement , descend into a dark forest . transition to : 308 308 ext . forest - day Gabriel walk with Sierra . the tree here be taller , create a cathedral - like ceiling above they . sierra okay , confession . I kind of recognize you . gabriel really ? sierra I be not sure , but I think I see a picture of you in some videogame magazine my boyfriend have . you be , like , the shit . gabriel no . sierra you be like the quentin tarantino of that world . a videogame God . gabriel not really . 78 . sierra Fine . gabriel you seriously recognize I off of one photo ? sierra I think you be kinda hot . consider . gabriel consider ..? sierra within the subset of videogame people . gabriel okay . sierra I be not masturbate to you picture or anything . gabriel well , I guess I be flatter . sierra you should be . I be stingy with compliment . gabriel so you boyfriend play videogame ? sierra ex -boyfriend . and yes . Way too many . he use to play evercrack back in the day , but yours , well , that be like ... what 's worse than crack ? gabriel super-crack ? sierra sure . he be this orc witch doctor guy . gabriel shaman ? sierra yeah . at one point he be spend like , 40 hour a week gather " thunderleaf " or whatever . ( more ) 79 . sierra ( cont 'd ) then I be he mule , haul it around because he run out of space . gabriel you have a account ? sierra I be part of you world , and you do not even know it . gabriel sorry . sierra you can make it up to I . 309 309 ext . road near prius - day Mary be pace -- but try not to look like she 's pace . she hold the other cell phone ( Gabriel 's ) , which she turn on and off , hope that somehow she will get a signal . each time she turn it on , we hear the chime . in the prius noelle be still play with the video camera , watch footage of the hike . she decide to wind back further . close on the blocky pixel rush past . noelle hit " play . " for now , we just hear the audio . man' voice ... I have five season mapped out , and though it suck , either you go away , or the show go . I have to make a decision , and that 's the decision I make . I be sorry . we reveal the screen . we be watch the argument between gavin and Melissa from part 2 . melissa ( on tape ) so it 's do . finish . decide . gavin ( on tape ) yeah . confused , noelle look out at she mother , Mary , who be still pace with the cell phone . melissa ( on tape ) I understand . 80 . gavin ( on tape ) you do ? melissa ( on tape ) I understand . it 's not you fault . you be morally incapable of do the right thing . noelle rewind further . blocky pixel rush past as we ... CUT to : 310 310 ext . forest - day Sierra continue to lead the way . she seem confident where she 's head , even though there 's no real path . during the conversation , we notice a small tattoo on she right shoulder blade : ix . sierra so you play a lot of character at once ? gabriel a couple . most people do . sierra you be not most people . you create the world . you know all the secret code . gabriel what , like ` God mode ' ? sierra that 's what you call it ? gabriel that 's when you have all the power , and you can not be kill . it 's fine when you be design , but it 's really boring to play . a game be not fun unless there be rule . sierra and you make the rule . gabriel yes I do . I mean , you want to give everyone freedom , but they can not handle it . half you player be teenage boy , and it 's like they be program to be destructive . ( more ) 81 . gabriel ( cont 'd ) they deliberately crash the world server . they would ruin everything just to prove they could . a311 a311 int . forest vale - day Sarah offer Gary she water bottle , which he gladly take . out of nowhere ... sierra do you think I be pretty ? she stop , turn to face he . gabriel what ? sierra do you think I be hot ? on a purely physical level . gabriel sure . he drink . sierra that 's a rave . gabriel well , I do not know why you be ask . sierra my ex - boyfriend , the orc , he say , " what I like about you be that you be not so hot that I be afraid of lose you . " gabriel so where 's the orc now ? sierra he 's dead . I spike he water bottle with a massive quantity of ghb . he hallucinate , go into convulsion and die . he screw the cap back on the water bottle and hand it back . gabriel remind I not to piss you off , Sarah . 82. sierra Sierra . he 's surprised . he could have swear she name be Sarah . gabriel sorry . sierra and what make you think you have not piss I off already ? she smile , keep walk . 311 311 ext . road / int . prius - day Mary sit down in the front passenger seat of the car . noelle be still in back , watch footage on the video camera . mary how be you do , kiddo ? noelle do not look up . mary ( cont 'd ) I be think we could all go to El cholo for dinner . how would you feel about some blue corn enchilada ? should we ask daddy when he get back ? without look up ... noelle he 's not come back . Mary be stunne . for she part , noelle seem to have no idea she just speak she first word . we hear three evenly - space beeps . after the third one , Mary say : mary how could you ... Mary flinch . it 's like someone walk over she grave . noelle hand she the camera . the footage be cue to earlier in part 2 , where gavin be have Melissa loop in a wild line : melissa ( on tape ) howkajew . how could you . how could you . ( more ) 83 . melissa ( on tape ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I feel so dirty . gavin ( on tape ) that 's how I like ya . Mary back out of the car , as if try to get away from the video camera . but she 's still hold it . she hit stop . tries to collect herself . noelle get out of the car , but do not approach . she sign , " mommy ? " Mary back away . CUT to : 312 312 ext . forest vale - day Gabriel and Sierra stop for a moment , so he can pull off he outer shirt . for the first time , we see that Gabriel have a large tattoo on he back which look like this : ix he 's sweat a lot . gabriel be I crazy , or be it get hotter ? sierra oh , you be crazy . she hand he back the water bottle . he gladly drink . when she take the bottle back , she step forward . the motion leave they face - to-face . she pause for a moment , just long enough for he to turn away . he do not . she kiss he . he do not really kiss back -- but he do not fight it , either . she put a hand on he thigh , slide up the inside . only when she reach he crotch do he pull back . gabriel I have a wife . and a daughter . they be wait for I . sierra where be they ? 84 . gabriel back at the car . sierra I mean , which direction ? gabriel they be back ... Gabriel turn , try to get he bear . the tree blur . he nearly fall over . he manage to steady himself . sierra face it , G. : you do not know where they be . you do not know where you be . we have be walk in circle for a hour . gabriel where 's you car ? sierra there be no car . that be all a ... ( what 's the word ) " pretense , " I guess . a excuse to get you alone . wobbling , Gabriel sit down on a stump . Sierra kneel down in front of he . sierra ( cont 'd ) dizzy , huh ? it 's probably just the ghb . in the water . she hold up the water bottle . flash to : quick flashbacks from part one and two 313 313 ext . forest - day Gabriel experience the flashback . he feel time move . gabriel what 's happen ? sierra I be sorry it have to come this , G . but it will all be over soon . 85 . gabriel you be try to kill I . sierra no! no . this be not a murder . it 's a intervention . CUT to : flashback sequence . image to accompany previous dialogue ... susan I have to get you away from she . she be hold you back . you have to give she up . gavin Melissa ? sarah I can you out of here . but you have to trust I . susan do you feel like a man ? you be not . 315 315 ext . forest - day Gabriel dry-heave . Sierra rub he shoulder . sierra that 's right . just let it go . let it go . she 's genuinely empathetic -- she do not enjoy he suffer . gabriel why be you do this ? sierra you do it to yourself . admit that be the first step . she come around to face he . and now we see they be not alone . two other familiar face approach : the parole officer / agitate man , and octavia . 86 . they're nine as well . sierra ( cont 'd ) you be a crack -head , G . the thing be , this planet , this people , they be you drug of choice . CUT to : 99 99 int . / ext . various location - day [ the next sequence bridge multiple earlier scene from part one and two . Gary / gavin / Gabriel have one conversation with Sarah / Susan / Sierra , but it 's break up among previous scene and location , sometimes for just a line . ] S. it 's not that hard to make a universe . at first , you just check in every once in a while . see how the neanderthals be do . move some continent around . but then you get more into it . start play a couple of character of you own . king . slave . messiah . pretty soon , you be play 24 / 7 . G. how long have I ..? S. you have be go for four thousand year . not that time mean the same for we , but ... G. you come look for I . S. that 's what a girl do . G. why now ? x107 x107 ext . STREET - day [ part one ] streetwalker octavia lean in Gary 's car window . octavia because you forget who you be . 87 . x228 x228 int . testing room - day [ part two ] the agitate man lean up to the one - way glass . agitate man you forget this be not real . 99 99 int . / ext . various location - day S. we could not just storm in on a fiery chariot . it 's you universe . we have to play by you rule . we have to make you see how limited and corrupt you little world be . do not get I wrong , this world be nice . it 's cozy . but do you remember where you come from ? a few beat while it come back to he . tear start to build in he eye . what he 's picture be unspeakably beautiful . G . it be warm . and white . like ... x160 x160 int . live room - day [ part one ] the agitate man / parole Officer attaches Gary 's anklet . agitate man you can not describe it with human word . x108 x108 int . motel room - day [ part one ] octavia lean over Gary , who have fall off the bed . octavia you can not think it with human thought . 99 99 int . / ext . various location - day S. that 's why you have to come back . come back with we . with I . x256 x256 omit 88. 316 316 ext . gravel road / near the prius - day Mary be sit on the road . noelle have she chin on she mother 's shoulder , watch the videotape with she . on screen , with tinny audio : ( from scene 177 ) margaret you could destroy the world with a single think . ( suddenly ) do not , incidentally . just file that away . but the truth be , you hold all the card : every church , every candle , every sacrifice -- that 's for you . when people pray , they be not praying because they want this thing or that thing . they just do not want to be forget . back to : a317 a317 ext . road / prius - day Mary be still watch the tape . she realize noelle be not watch over she shoulder anymore . Mary look around . her daughter be nowhere to be see . mary noelle ? noelle ! CUT to : 317 317 ext . forest crossroad - day Gabriel and Sierra be back at the junction where the paved road meet the gravel road . gabriel maybe if I just cut back , do not get so involved ... sierra we both know that will never work . next week , you will be back here redesign the pinecone . you have to quit cold - turkey . gabriel I can not . 89 . sierra you can . but I can not force you to leave . you have to want it . she take he hand , run a finger through the green string bracelet around he wrist . she kiss he . and then she 's go . Gabriel stand there for a long beat , consider he decision . x103 x103 omit 318 318 ext . gravel road / near the prius - day panick , Mary call out for -- mary noelle ! noelle ! she 's nowhere to be find . then , from behind she ... gabriel she 's here . Gabriel be walk up the gravel road , with noelle hold he hand . gabriel ( cont 'd ) I do not forget you guy . Mary regards he as a familiar stranger , a beloved imposter . mary everything okay ? gabriel absolutely . let 's go home . music begins , a song that will carry we through the next sequence . 319 319 int . prius - day Gabriel climb into the driver 's seat . both Mary and noelle watch with interest as he push the " start " button . the car beeps and engage without any problem . everyone fasten they seatbelt . 90 . 320 320 ext . forest road - day the prius drive down the gravel road . Mary try to keep she eye on the scenery , but they keep drift over to Gabriel , try to read what he 's think . 321 321 ext . crossroad - day the prius turn on to the paved road . headlights switch on . 322 322 omit 323 323 omit 324 324 omit 325 325 ext . house - night the metal gate at the top of the driveway swing open , squealing on its rusty hinge . 326 326 ext . driveway - night Gabriel lift the sleep noelle out of the car . carry she into the house . Mary shut the door behind they . 327 327 int . noelle's room - night take off she shoe , Gabriel tuck noelle into bed . turn on a nightlight for she . 328 328 int . master bathroom - night Gabriel brushes he tooth with a electric toothbrush while Mary read a magazine on the toilet . 329 329 int . bedroom - night Gabriel switch off the light . he spoon Mary , who kiss he hand . on both Mary and Gabriel 's face , we see anxiety . thing leave unsaid . 330 330 int . bedroom - night [ later ] Gabriel lie awake , stare at the ceiling . 91 . 331 331 int . stairwell - night Gabriel 's bare foot walk down the carpete stair . 332 332 int . dine room - night Gabriel stare at the three painting on the wall . 333 333 int . kitchen / ext . back yard - dawn Gabriel stand in the doorway , look out at the inky - blue sky . his eye be red , tired . he have not sleep at all . it 's very quiet , except for the occasional precocious bird call . Mary enter from the live room , still in she pajamas . he know she 's there . neither want to speak . mary you need to go , do not you ? gabriel no . I can stay . mary how long ? forever ? every day , you would know what you be miss . he smile , a little . mary ( cont 'd ) what happen ? if you go . gabriel worst -case scenario ? spontaneous disintegration into a fiery void . oblivio accebit . the end of everything . mary that 's all ? both smile . gabriel that probably would not happen . the basic structure of the universe should hold . I guess I be just worried about the human factor . you guy kill each other a lot . 92 . mary in fairness , that 's usually in you name . plus we have get much more efficient at it . a beat . gabriel I like this world . I like my life , here , with you and noelle ... mary but it 's not real . I be not really you wife , you be not really my husband . on some level , it 's all pretend . gabriel it 's not pretend . there 's a reason you be there , in every version . you be my sister , my wife , my best friend ... mary that 's a little creepy . gabriel I want you close . in one version , I even tell you . I warn you that some day they might come for I , and ... mary ... you would have to leave . how many version be there ? gabriel ninety . this be the last one . mary wow . gabriel I have destroy billion of people with a think . obliterate they . and you would like to think it 's painless ... mary stop . you do not have to explain , or apologize . everything that be , be because of you . if that 's all , that 's enough . with that , there 's really nothing more to say . 93. mary ( cont 'd ) so. gabriel so. mary guess you do not really need to pack anything . gabriel I be good . mary you be great . it 's be a pleasure . gabriel likewise . I love you . mary Love you , too . ya big lug . he kiss she . it 's not a big , passionate , movie-end kiss , but rather a fond kiss farewell . at the end of it , he whisper into she ear : gabriel you be my favorite . she smile . with two finger , Gabriel break the green string bracelet around he leave wrist . and in that moment , a film pass over he , like the boundary between water and air . he 's step out of this dimension . Mary be freeze with the same smile on she face , but we notice that she and the kitchen around she have flatten out to two - dimensional image . she and everything around she have become like wallpaper , slowly curling away , revealing emptiness beneath . Gabriel collapse into a single , spiky sphere of light . the light move through the kitchen , create wave that ripple through the tissue - thin wall . pick up speed , the sphere rush through the window , head west . 94 . 334 334 ext . los angele - day as the light fly out over hancock Park , the mansion and skyscraper seem unreal , like model . reaching Santa monica , we pass over the ferris wheel at the end of the pier . we dive into the blue ocean beneath we , which become only a swirl gray fog with a viscous thickness . we see three light in the distance . we join they , move with they . further ahead , more light , circle . it 's a loose spiral make of star , resembling nothing so much as the number 9 . as we get closer and closer , we ... match CUT to : a pale eye , open . we be ... 335 335 int . kitchen - morning hand reach up , expect to find glass , but there be none . as we pull out , we reveal it 's not Mary , Melissa or Margaret , but a fourth person -- just slightly different from any of they . we will call she M. she look first to the spot where Gabriel be stand . empty . man' voice ( o.s. ) honey , do we have nutmeg ? m look over at husband Ben , who be busy make pancake , read from a recipe . m we should . come around from behind Ben , noelle check through the spice drawer . m watch she with cautious fascination . BEN cinnamon , too . 95 . m catch she reflection in the toaster . notice she look different than she expect . noelle ( to Ben ) if I have a horse ... noelle turn back with the spice , hand they to Ben one at a time . noelle ( cont 'd ) I would name she cinnamon . BEN really . noelle and if I have another horse ... BEN nutmeg ? noelle no , flash . m sweetie ? she beckon noelle over . tuck back the little girl 's hair . keeping she voice low enough so Ben can not hear : m ( cont 'd ) this be go to sound really strange , but ... what 's my name ? noelle only give she a half - crazy look . noelle mmmmmmmmmm - mommy . noelle smile . m smile too , a little embarrassed . m right . exactly . noelle look she right in the eye . noelle he 's not come back . but it 's gonna be okay . he put the piece together , it 's like ... m the best of all possible world . noelle tap she nose . 96 . BEN honey ? be it suppose to stick like this ? share a look ... m we should help he . noelle agree . they head over to assist . we move across the family as they work on the pancake , noelle direct how big the ear on hers should be . we leave they in the middle of a messy kitchen , gooey pancake , and a good life . fade out . the end 97 . additional material the follow scene ( scene 99 ) be the conversation between S and G that play near the end of part Three . the plan be to shoot this scene in almost every setup of the film that involve both character -- be it in part one , two or Three . so we will be shoot this scene a lot . we will then be intercutte the best of all this moment to create one sequence . 99 99 int . / ext . various location S. it 's not that hard to make a universe . at first , you just check in every once in a while . see how the neanderthals be do . move some continent around . but then you get more into it . start play a couple of character of you own . king . slave . messiah . pretty soon , you be play 24 / 7 . G. how long have I ..? S. you have be go for four thousand year . not that time mean the same for we , but ... G. you come look for I . S. that 's what a girl do . G. why now ? S. we could not just storm in on a fiery chariot . it 's you universe . we have to play by you rule . we have to make you see how limited and corrupt you little world be . do not get I wrong , this world be nice . it 's cozy . but do you remember where you come from ? a few beat while it come back to he . tear start to build in he eye . what he 's picture be unspeakably beautiful . 98 . G . it be warm . and white . like ... S. you can not describe it with human word . you can not think it with human thought . ( beat ) that 's why you have to come back . come back with we . with I .