" the door " screenplay by randall jahnson and Oliver Stone shoot draft 1991 int . black screen morrison' voice the movie will begin in five moment the mindless voice announce all that unseate will await the next show we file slowly , languidly into the hall the auditorium be fast and silent as we seat and be darken the voice continue " the program for this evening be not new you have see this entertainment through and through you have see you birth , you life and death you might recall all the rest do you have a good world when you die ? enough to base a movie on ? " fade in : int . recording studio ( last session ) - LA dec 1970 - night a dark silence hover along the desert , bunker - like studio . mike stand and boom shadow a grand piano ... the engineer wait in the booth , light , alert man , bored , fiddling ... engineer hey Jim , it 's you birthday man , whaddaya say we try this another night ... camera move tentatively along the shadow , discover the sidelight on a navy surplus pea jacket throw on a chair ; move to a candle 's orange flutter on page write with verse ... a hand break the seal of the bottle of irish bushmill 's whiskey . voice ( off ) kill the light a little more , will ya John ? they might drop a bit more ... camera crawl past the finger weaving a new cigarette out of the marlboro pack . a ashtray full of butt ... and a asthmatic horrid cough , fill with phlegm ... crawl up the slight paunch in the bright jersey with # 66 on it ... stitched on the sleeve be the team mascot -- a american indian in full headdress . engineer ( off ) hey man , how come the Doors be not in on this ? camera revealing jame douglas morrison , -- 27 , poet , bury in the shadow , curl of cigarette smoke about he haunt sensuous eye , meditative lip scragge with beard and long greasy hair , not a pretty sight , yet a man full and bold and struggle for survival through he word ... beneath the bushmill moon , he take the tambourine and shake it violently in we face jim no music , no Doors . let 's roll ... be everybody in ?... be everybody in ?... be everybody in ? the ceremony be about to begin ... he shake a tambourine at the mike and one of he sudden giant indian yell rock through the studio . jim wake up !!!! have this dream stop !!!! Music riff from " american prayer " . audience sound ghostly on the track . the engineer reeling backwards from the sudden shift in sound , cursing silent . jim voice let I tell you about the heartache and the loss of God wandering wander in hopeless night indian 's scattered on dawn 's highway bleed ghost crowd the young child fragile eggshell mind ... ( wind sound ) the grin on Jim 's face magnesium flare out to : ext . arizona desert - day ( 1940 ' S ) the blind yellowness of the desert , so barren , so hot it sting to look at . a old chevrolet wind through the yellow - orange landscape beneath a brood blue sky crackle with electricity -- the storm come in in the distance as the music writhes out at we like a reptile from under a rock -- the beat of rider on the STORM . door song rider on the storm ( 2 ) into this house we be bear into this world we be throw like a dog without a bone a actor out on loan rider on the storm credit roll , over this dreamscape jim voice ( continue over imagery ) ...me and my mother and father and grandmother and grandfather be drive through the desert at dawn and a truckload of indian worker have either hit another car or just -- I do not know what happen ... Indians be scattered all over the highway bleed to death . int . car - day mom , dad , the youngest baby in the front seat -- point at the storm . grandma &amp ; grandad in the back with jim , about 4 and he sister , 3 asleep . Mom 's a beauty and dad 's a austere handsome military man in civilian clothes , mouth word -- look , wake they up , a desert storm ... but we barely hear a lightning bolt shred the blue sky with a thunderous sound , frightening dawn of creation ... grandma nudging Jim awake . his eye open -- just as the car turn the bend -- revealing a overturn truck lie in the road -- dead and wounded indian everywhere ... a cop car , ambulance . a terrible accident ... the first thing Jim see ... a old indian face stare at he ... the car pull alongside , dad roll he window down ... ask if he can help ( soundless ) a line of wail indian women , child Mom 's scared face ... jim voice ... but it be the first time I taste fear . I musta be about four , like a child be just like a flower , he head be float in the breeze . grandma try to hide Jim 's face but he look back ... the cop waving they through the kid look back through the rear window , terrify -- he first view of death . the body , the sense of doom overlay the land -- a child 's worst nightmare . mom it 's just a dream , Jimmy , just a dream song ( continue ) there 's a killer on the road his brain be squirming like a toad take a long holiday let you child play if you give this man a ride sweet family will die there 's a killer on the road the boy 's eye go back to the indian man look at he ... then to the die open body bleed out its gut on the asphalt ... the die man 's face , twisted , moan , amazing eye at the point of death -- they settle on Jim mom it 's just a dream Jimmy , just a dream a strange SOUND occur -- the rattle of a ancient gourd , " shi-chi-chi , shi-chi-chi " . something fly through the air . a bull - roarer , a whirling leather thong , announce the appearance of a shaman . into jim -- he eye stare out the back his recede point of view -- the Indians , the overturn truck ... jim voice ... the reaction I get now look back be the soul of the ghost of that dead Indians -- maybe one or two of they be just run around freaking out and just leap into my soul -- and they be still there . ( wind , music ) song girl you gotta love you man ( 2 ) take he by the hand make he understand the car pull away across the giant 1940 's landscape dissolving to : ext . arizona desert - day ( 1963 ) subtitle read : arizona desert , 1963 . credit continue to roll . pan up the black chino pants to jim morrison , now 20 , steel seaman 's suitcase in hand , thumbing a ride , the road sign behind he say " Los angeles 370 mile " song the world on you depend we life will never end girl you gotta love you man a large lizard in the dust cock its head , blink , as the boot walk by to the car pull over . int . car jim in the backseat pack with husband , wife , child , dog , mother-in - law . between boy and man , eye ancient and new . he wear he favorite color : black -- tear black chino , paint -spotted black t-shirt , a slouch he favorite pose but the eye and smile can be warm and shy like a little boy , gentle surface , storm in the brain . the husband , now look at Jim a little nervously , push up the perry como on the radio ... as it cut to a sudden news flash : radio ... from the Texas School Book depository . we repeat . President John f. Kennedy be shot a few minute ago in Dallas ! slow motion : the husband 's face distorting , say something on the track like : " what ! God no ! " but it 's subdued , low . try other station . Jim turn to look out he window , as if he already know . radio ( 2nd voice ) ... take to parkland Memorial Hospital . there 's no word on the President 's condition . Mrs. Kennedy be ... the wife's and husband voice seem lose in the background . wife &amp ; husband oh God , oh God . not the President for Christ 's sake . oh God -- who' next ? on Jim -- stare out the window . " who 's next ! " song rider on the storm ( 4 ) on the desert . dissolve to : ext . venice boardwalk - los angele - day ( 1965 ) subtitle read : venice , california 1965 credit continue to they conclusion as we segue into the blueness of venice , california , 1965 -- the dawn of a new age . all be possible . individual shot of the boardwalk throbbing with a feast of hippies , head shop , artist draw psychedelic mural , pot smoker , muscle builder , tambourine accompany the transister radio on the Beach boy and " I get you Babe " , dog chase frisbee , bikini body on the beach , lsd sell over the counter ... set to the upbeat chord of hello I love you door song hello I love you wo not you tell I you name ? hello I love you let I jump in you game she 's walk down the street blind to every eye she meet do you think you will be the guy to make the queen of the angel sigh ? jim , in tear black chino , no shirt , walk real slow past it all , carry a notebook of he own and a paperback of Baudelaire , he eye settling on ... a young beauty and she yellow labrador -- a fashionable thin , long , red-haire " 20th century fox " in jeans move through the crowd ... he think about it -- a fraction of eternity -- and he 's off ... after she . ext . venice canal - day she move along its bank , as if the universe move to she rhythm , turn once to look back . Jim catch in she eye . they be alone . now he 's the one seize by doubt . he slow , pretend to take another interest . door song she hold she head so high like a statue in the sky her arm be wick and she leg be long when she move my brain scream out this song ext . venice canal - another canal - day as she turn into another street , he resume follow she . she get to a house , go in . there 's a group of people party . he stop , watch . door song sidewalk crouch at she foot like a dog that beg for something sweet do you hope to make she see you , fool ? do you hope to pluck this dusky jewel ? ext . pamela' house - venice canal - that evening the two story house have a quaint run-down charm . Friends have drop by , people smoking joint , beer . she 's on the upstairs balcony -- talk with a young man ( professor type ) in he 30' , who pass she a joint . jim lurk in the shadow of the tree ; he 's be stand outside watch ... the music shift to the quieter love STREET . door song she life on Love Street linger long on Love Street she have a house and garden I would like to see what happen the young man gesture , and go back inside the house . she 's alone now on the balcony , sit on a kitchen table ... it 's now or never . Jim scale the tree alongside the house with the agility of a gymnast . door song she have robe and she have monkey lazy diamond studd flunky she have wisdom and know what to do she have I and she have you the girl 's grind up pot in a old shoebox with a spoon and kitchen strainer . she look up and see he crotch three foot from she face , balanced there effortlessly on the railing like a highwire act , open she mouth in surprise . Jim drop softly to the balcony , a smile of disarming gentleness . jim hi ... girl wow ! hi ... ( look at the tree ) you have a problem with door ? jim waste of time ... his head cocked slightly onto he leave shoulder , he drawl , southern gentleman , polite , slow , thoughtful as if he have all the time in the world , as if the guy would never come back . jim I follow you ... from the beach ... girl ( impressed ) wow ! you follow I ? why ? jim ...cause ... you be the one ... he move . kiss she swiftly , softly , right on the lip . girl ( mesmerize , awkward ) wow ... neat ... ( look back ) ... maybe you should meet my old man ? jim later . you get a name ? he look into she face . classic american face , freckle , big round eye soft as rain , long sunset red hair . she feel he intense , starve eye . he kiss she a second time . the young man come back with the roll paper -- see he . as he hop back on the railing -- swing out into the tree -- look back once . jim mine 's Jim . a moment . she must decide . the young man within earshot . girl Pam ... the ice break in that instant . Jim smile . jim Jim and Pam , Pam and Jim ... he vanish . the man abreast of pamela , as if he 's see a vision . young man who the hell be that ? pamela ( everything 's cool ) that 's Jim . my new friend . int . ucla screening room - day ( 1965 ) on the screen a 16 mm black and white student film of a stun blond in black bra , panty , garter dance in black heel on top of a tv set . pan down to image of goose - step Nazis and a Nuremberg rally on the set . sound of lovemake and a indian peyote ceremony from the track , a indian holy man incant ... Jim 's voice come on the track as well . jim' voice nietzche say " all great thing must first wear monstrous and terrifying mask in order to inscribe themselves on the heart of humanity " . listen child -- to the sound of the Nuremberg night . student in the audience groan at the pretention of it . move to jim 's eye hide in he parka hood , peek through at the screen . a closeup now of jim on screen look straight into the lens as he take a hit on a hash pipe , and wink . jim voice ( on screen ) have you ever see God ? -- a mandala . a symmetrical angel . felt ? yes. Fucking the Sun. Heard ? the music . voice . touched ? a animal . you hand tasted ? rare meat , corn , water and wine student ( ad lib ) ssssssss ... ego trip man , c'mon ! ray manzarek , a tall student with powerful voice and manner , thick glass , long hair sweeping down over he eye , lean over to Jim . ray hey man it 's great , do not listen to they , it 's non- linear man , it 's poetry man , everything godard stand for . the light come on as the last absurdist image flicker off . hiss and a big bronx cheer summarize the feeling of the 100 odd student cramme into a bunker - like theater . a youngish instructor stir to the front row from a row of upset faculty . hand shoot up to criticize . instructor this be pretty shocking stuff Mr. morrison . and I might say indulgent . naziism and masturbation , when use for shock value , be not art . but to be constructive , let 's start with you intention . what be it ? student 1 it be a bore !! that 's what ! ( laughter ) trick , bone and jack , three friend sit next to Jim , shoot they hand up . trick hey it be better and a Warhol picture . girl 1 no it be not . it be worse ! trick a guy sleep for seven hour ... student 2 ... be less pretentious ! there be no political consciousness . naziism be ... jack hey hold on man ! you guy be the facist ! bone it take genitalism to absurdity man , just cause the square here can not dig it cause the film school 's still so square ... voice oh c'mon man , give it a break . boo ! beatnik go home ! take another mushroom ... a cacophony of voice , critic , emotion blend out over Jim 's quiet eye . instructor hold it down !!... Mr. morrison -- what be you feeling ? jim I quit. ( walk out ) ext . turkey joint west - night jim , bone , trick , jack approach the bar . music of " gloria " blast from the door , chick pop in and out , definitely college crowd circa ' 65 . trick ( to Jim ) hey man whatdya expect , a oscar ? bone you can not quit , you gotta voice . people can not dig cause they do not understand yet . jack if you be a individual , if you be too good , they wanna cut you dick off . look what happen to Orson Wells . trick you quit now , they will yank you deferment in no time and they will get you for Vietnam man . Three more month you graduate . bone be cool , you never learn fuckin patience morrison , you want everything at once . nick they do not get it . so make you film and fuck what they think . jim you know what I think ? he slow , a dramatic young lion pose , surveying the girl . bone yeah whadday you think ? jim you really want to know what I think ? the croney wait , anticipate something inescapably evil to escape he lip . bone yeah yeah , whatddaya think ? jim I think we gotta get really rip ! int . turkey joint west - night tall bespectacle ray manzarek be bang out gloria on the piano in bad Jerry Lee Lewis style . ray I tell you bout my baby ' bout five foot four from head to toe she come to my room just ' bout midnight she make I feel so good she make I feel alright camera move to reveal JOHN densmore wiry , solid on the drum ... move on to robbie krieger , wispy , ethereal look , the youngest , flamenco - type move on he early electric guitar . also a harmonica player and a base . they all seem slightly embarrassed by either the cheap sound system feedback or Ray 's warbling , but the crowd could not care less -- a german beerhall , they want noise and sex . jim and he gang , beer in hand , mouth back the word , beer everywhere shove to the smokey ceiling , everyone on they foot , nut with spring fever . Jim eyeing the girl next to he . jim you know what I would like to do to you ? girl ( wait , intrigue ) no what ? jim you really want to know what I would like to do to you ? girl what ! the football team type edge over nearby , one of they pick out Jim with a glare . jim ( whisper ) wanna hear the scream of the butterfly ... she look puzzle by the suggestion . football player hey morrison ! jim ( elude the man ) can we have a couple of beer . you be not even a asshole man -- you be a semihole . he evade the football man 's grasp , elusive physicality . he hop over table , head for the stage . other kide be up on the stage dance , but Jim go right up alongside ray , shaking he hip like elvis . Ray give he the mike . improv time . jim ( sing ) she come to my room she come on my floor she come on my bed she come on my face ooooooh I want to wrap you leg around my head baby baby and she name be gloria they love it . the place go wild . the girl with the football player want he . int . ray' car - freeway - night jim be insane on beer in the back seat , reach over the wheel to try to drive the car for ray who be flail at he . Jim pull Ray 's hair ... jim ( barely comprehensible ) ha ha ha ha ha ! come on , let' drive to mexico man . tijuana . let' get lost ! jamme into the sedan be trick , bone , robbie , JOHN ... ray &amp ; all cool it jim , come on cool it . jim freedom !!! don 't you know you're all slave ! as he wind down the window and start crawl out of the car . heavy traffic . Ray weaving to avoid another vehicle . honk horn . JOHN he's go out ! he's go out ! trick he's gonna jump ! ray get he back in ! his waist be out the window , John and all grab for he heel . ext . speed car - night special effect : jim 's head six inch from pavement move at 60 mph through heavy traffic . scream , laugh like a maniac . beep horn all over the place . jim death old friend !! in the car , madness , raging chaos , the four boy pull he in . ext . / int . pamela' house - venice canal - that night night . shadows . a tree . a figure move . jim ( song ) awake ! shake dream from you hair , my pretty child my sweet one choose the day and choose the sign of you day the day 's divinity the first thing you see Jim slide she upstairs ' door open , crawl in next to she bed . she 's asleep with she boyfriend . he touch she toe . she awake , startle . jim come on , come out for a walk , it 's a pretty night . pam you be crazy ! ext . venice canal - night jim and pamela move along the byway . a clear starry California night . jim ( song ) a vast radiant beach and a cool jewell moon couple naked , race down by its quiet side and we laugh like soft mad child there 's a crash . they turn bristle . a coyote lurk under the sickly light of a streetlamp , pull its head from a overstuff garbage can , look back at they . ext . venice boardwalk - night fire on the boardwalk . hippies , bum , older people . jim and pam move through talk , skip , touch like child . jim ( song ) ... smug in the wooly cotton brain of infancy the music and voice be all around we choose , they croon , the ancient one the time have come again ext . venice beach - night the two of they race down by its side , slow to a walk . his [ ...] love orphan voice . jim can I stay with you tonight ? we could talk ' till dawn . I just do not want to be alone . pam ( hesitant ) okay ... just talk though . no funny stuff . jim okay . I promise . pam I have be real upset . I lose my car on the freeway yesterday . I leave it somewhere and I can not remember where and when I go back it be go . my sister ... jim I bet you never expect life could be this hard . ( stroke she hair affectionately ) and you be still so young . she break into sob , seek he arm . he hug she . jim I wonder where we will be ten year from now ? pam I really do not want to know jim come on . jim ( song ) choose now , they croon beneath the moon beside a ancient lake enter again the sweet forest enter the hot dream come with we everything be break up and dance ext . venice build - night they silhouettes mount the fire escape of a jag old structure overlook the boardwalk . ext . venice rooftop - night pam glance through Jim 's notebook as they sit on he sleep bag with a lantern and bunsen burner , overlook moon , ocean , scudd cloud and a vast forest of television antennas . fire burn from the beach . in the notebook , at interval during the conversation , we see powerful sketches color in visionary hallucinogenic William blake mode with write between . book be everywhere -- pan kerouac , ginsberg , nietzsche , rimbaud , mailer , artaud , mythological work , shamanistic book , a library of steal idea . pam ( read , look ) this be like beautiful ! I never read much poetry in school . I hate it . what 's a " shaman " ? ( mispronounce ) jim he 's the medicine man who start in a peyote trance . and he get everyone in the tribe go and they share in he vision and it heal they . it 's the same in all culture -- Greeks , Jesus . some Indians say the first shaman invent sex . he 's the one who make you crazy . pam be you a " shaman " ? jim uh ( pause ) no . I just write about it . what turn you on ? pam I do not know . experience . freedom . Love ... now . peyote 's like love . when it 's give it 's bless . when it 's sell it 's damned . I like peyote . I like acid , it 's easier to get . I like the spiritual voyage . the first time I do acid I see God . I do . I have a friend who be Christ . and he be juda too . I suddenly know the secret of everything -- that we be all one , the universe be one . and that everything be beautiful . jim be it ? I do not know . I think you be alive by confront death -- by experience pain . pam I think you be alive by recognize beauty -- see truth because when you discover truth you discover what love be ... we be all say the same thing . it 's " love I and I will love you . " jim ( look at she , ironic ) it 's only through death that you know life . Jesus , medicine man heal people by sacrifice they own life . pam do you love death ? jim I think life hurt a lot more than death . when you die the pain be over . Pam shiver , a strange think . pam why do I look at you ... and see my death ? ( pause , shrug ) no , that 's ridiculous . jim I bet you dad 's a school teacher . pam how do you know ! jim I do not know . pam what be you father ? jim military pam I bet you move around a lot . jim yeah , about 8 time . pam how many sister and brother ? jim two . pam one ... she 's the pretty one ... I love you neck . ( she get in he lap ) he run he finger through she hair , kissing she gently . jim " ... but one , the most beautiful one of all dance in a ring of fire and throw off the challenge with a shrug " pam that 's beautiful . who do you write it for ? jim I write it for you . the panty come off . rousseau dangle from the Venice moon . he move a little over excited , nervous , more awkward than we might expect . pam ... take you time , Jim ... there 's no hurry , I be all you have to do tonight ... door song well the clock say it 's time to close now I guess I would better go now ... as we depart the rooftop . you finger weak with minaret speak secret alphabet I light another cigarette learn to forget , learn to forget , learn to forget dissolve to : possibly we hear the soft backbeat of moonlight drive without lyric . ray manzarek be meditate in yoga posture , longer hair as well , in he post - graduate phase , sandal , colorful hippie shirt . but the meditation be not go well . he 's shaking he head at himself , frown . ray om om ... no bliss ! no bliss ! Jim have approach closer , amused , look down . jim hey Ray , try acid man , it 's guarantee . Ray open he eye -- he Pov -- Jim , slouched , jacket over he shoulder , sun behind he . ray ( surprised ) morrison ... aw shit . last trip I think I be go through hell 's digestive system . something paint by Hieronymus bosch . jim I never have a bummer on acid . ray I like naturally high man . jim whatever work . make movie at mgm yet ? ray well I see the head of production and I say godard do not use script , he improvise with he camera and he say , " great who 's godard ? " jim ( laugh ) we gotta take the planet back , reinvent the god , make new myth . ray right on . I think you go to New York ? jim never get there . go out to the desert and uh ... get lose y'know . day . I be live on trick 's rooftop . get stick on this chick ... ray whatcha be do ? jim write . poem . song . ray song ? lemme hear one . jim I can not sing . ray so neither can Dylan . " johnny 's in the basement mixing up the medicine , I be on the pavement think about the government " . but he 's get the word man . that 's what they want . jim ( suddenly sing ) let 's swim to the moon un hunh let 's climb through the tide penetrate the evening that the city sleep to hide Jim have crouch , digging he hand in the sand . as the grain spill out of he fist he have he eye close . Ray pantomime chord in the keyboard sand . all of a sudden we be in ray' Pov -- a mystical moment . Jim sing , no sound , then pure song , unadulterate by atmosphere . jim let 's swim out tonight love it 's we turn to try park beside the ocean on we moonlight drive Jim stop , shrug . Ray look at he a long beat . intense eye , the manner of a man who know what he want and can not be stop . ray wow !... y'know man that be hot lyric -- really hot ! jim ( pleased ) ... could you write the music for that down , if we go over to you place , could you write that on you organ ? ray be you kid ! I could fly . you write that ? you get other ? jim a bunch . it 's like I be take note at a rock concert go on inside my head . I actually hear the music -- the spirit of the wine y'know , intoxication . ray ( slap he on the knee ) man . you get a voice like Chet Baker -- haunt ! what the hell happen to you in the desert ? let 's get a rock and roll band together man and make a million buck . jim ... be great would not it ? ray ( walk jim ) it 's the perfect time man ! two of the guy outta my band be really into this . I meditate with they . you know they ... Robbie and John . we could have it in the can in three week . jim hey why not , I could write the song with you guy . ray the Stones do it outta the London School of economics for chrissake . thing be about to explode man . you can feel it in the air . ( point out over the ocean ) Vietnam 's right out there . side be be choose . people wanna fight or fuck , love or kill , everything 's gonna flame . the planet 's scream for change , morrison . make the myth man !! Jim laugh , love Ray 's ardor as they move along the ocean side . jim there oughta be great orgy man . like when dionysus arrive in Greece , he make all the woman mad , leave they home and dance off in the mountain . great golden copulation in the street of LA . ( look at a pass girl ) hey , do you know she ? ray what do we call ourselves . " dionysus " ? jim I get a name . ray what ? jim the Doors . ray the Doors ? ( facial distaste ) that 's the most ridiculous ... ( then ) ... you mean the door in you mind ? like the huxley book . jim " the Doors of perception " ? acid ... ray yeah sure mescaline experiment -- reduce the sugar flow to the brain . great book . jim it 's from William blake actually , the line -- " when the door of perception be cleanse -- thing will appear as they truly be ... " ray ( finish ) -- infinite " . it 's great , Jim . jim so where do we start ? how do we start ? where be the girl ? ray rehearsing . you be move off the rooftop and in with I and dorothy . as they walk off , the two of they along the edge of the Pacific . a dog jump for a frisbee . the music of moonlight drive now riff over the real song now . door song let 's swim to the moon let 's climb through the tide penetrate the evening that the city sleep to hide ... dissolving to : int . ray' house - venice beach - day the first heavy strain of break on through drive over the dissolve . it sound bad technically , but it 's hot . random raw scream and shouting . pam be crosslegge on the floor , clap to the music , number one fan . jim &amp ; door ( live ) the day destroy the night night divide the day try to run try to hide break on through to the other side jim strain to make it work , jump around violent , still not in control . yet search . JOHN cut out . JOHN that 's really square . let 's hip it up . jump on you cue . ray tighten it up . stay with the beat Jim . you be drag . jim let 's try it again , come on . I be just get into it . pam ( on floor ) I think it 's hot !! robbie ( strumm ) I still think the lyric be weird man . JOHN ( frustrated ) I still think it sound like the bottom of a fishbowl man . jim ( to Robbie , aggravate ) then you write one man ! we need more song anyway . we all gotta go back and write . they be drain , tired , in a large rehersal / live room 30 foot high , fronted by large glass window look out at the beach at marina . the room be fill with golden , gorgeous set sunlight . pamela go to the kitchen with dorothy , Ray 's japanese fiancee . robbie I be work on something go like this ... a minor . ( chord he guitar ) " you know that it would be untrue you know that I would be a liar if I be to say to you girl , we could not get much higher " F sharp ... chorus " come on baby , light my fire try to set the night on fire ... " Robbie 's voice be tinny but something immediate 's in the air , all the radar out . ray okay man there 's some good change in there . jim get any more lyric ? robbie ( give Jim a page of lyric ) some . I call it " Light my Fire " . I figger if I be gonna compete with you stuff it 's gotta be about earth , fire or snake . jim do not underestimate death . JOHN yeah but it sound like the byrd man , we be not folk rock man . how ' bout try it with a Latin beat . robbie I think we could do the usual verse chorus verse chorus and JOHN we do not need a bridge . robbie yeah , we could maybe improvise a couple piano and guitar solos over it ( kick in second verse ) " the time to hesitate be through " ( do not have the second line ) du du duh dud dada . . . jim ( spontaneous ) " no time to wallow in the mire try now we can only lose and we love become a funeral pyre come on baby light my fire " John drum it , different , more Latin . jim pretty good ! pretty neat !! ray ( to John ) Nice groove , John . chaka chaka chaka , then bula burump bula ( to Robbie ) ... you be right , it could take a coupla long solos , that 's wild man , like butterfield do on " East - West " -- really hip . robbie y'ever hear coltrane 's " favorite thing " ? JOHN ( hit the drum ) yeah -- maybe stretch it out and put it in 4 / 4 on bass , 3 / 4 on guitar and snare . ray ( click , excited ) why not ! a minor to B minor . Jazz ! that then be jazz ! but it need a hook . something . give I some space . I need some space . leave the room guy . come on ! go ! the three exclude Doors head out to the beach like obedient schoolboy while Ray fool with he organ . ext . venice beach - day as they go out , jim hugging robbie 's head to he shoulder as they feel the excitement of a new song . JOHN ( irritate at Ray ) guy 's obnoxious , man always bossin ' people around ! I think we be equal ! jim be not we ? ( to Robbie ) that be great Robbie . whaddaya think about when you play ? robbie do not know . mostly the fish in my fish tank . jim ( laugh ) hey whadya say we take some of that Tijuana acid and see what kinda trouble we can get into tonight ? robbie the chick always go for you man . I get the dog . jim then we will start a religion or plan a murder or go to Tijuana . JOHN whatsamatter with you man , what about Pam , you get the moral of a coyote . jim why you wanna sleep with she John , just to bug I ? JOHN Hell no ! jim ... mean " hell yes " . she like you man , she really do and y'all should . what 's a rock and roll band for man , if you can not party all night and do bad thing ? ray ( yell from the house ) I got it I got it ... get in here . hurry . JOHN sieg Heil ! as they head back . int . ray' house - day tight on ray like a schoolmaster cue they . ray okay here it be . bach and rock . Count it off John JOHN ( click ) 1 ... 2 ... 1 - 2 - 3 ( crack ) it go . the famous organ intro to light my FIRE blend over the room like magic , carry jim , robbie , JOHN , dorothy , pamela along over : ext . sunset strip ( travelling ) - night ( 1966 ) a row of nightclub glisten off the hood of pass traffic . marquee announce : the byrd , red rooster , love , the herd , turtle , captain beefheart . the club be pandora's BOX , the trip , ciro' , bido lito's , gazzarri's , the experience ... . headlights and neon intercut with : documentary type shot of teenager , hippies , longhair , run summer rampant , bang tambourine . cop busting kid against car on the street as parent go by roll up they window . the action be on the street . light my FIRE carry over the montage . door song you know that it would be untrue etc . jim voice ( last session ) the music be new black polished chrome and come over the summer like liquid night . ext . london fog - night " the door -- band from venice " on the marquee ... move down to a motley crew of teenage girl , underage , try to get past the bouncer . the sound of break on through carry past when the door open and close admit a sailor . girl groupie ( approach , to 2nd girl ) be that horny motherfucker in the black pants here tonight ? bouncer id ! id ! can not get in without a i.d.. girl 2 oh please . I forget my i.d.. I be on the list . bouncer I forget my list . int . london fog - night break on through blast out at we from a sleazehole -- half full -- biker , sailor , hookers , a baseball game on the tv . a dance floor the size of a bed , the door on a tiny platform above the bar , London newspaper on the wall . jim &amp ; door ( live ) we chase we pleasure here dug we treasure there can you still recall the time we cry break on through to the other side ( 3 ) some groupy have form a small fan club at the base of the stage , muscle past pam , but most people ignore they , drink , argue , dance to they own fuckbeat . possibly this have something to do with the fact that jim sing with he back to all of they . JOHN look over furious at ray who mutter under the music . ray turn around Jim ! come on let them in . jim I find a island in you arm a country in you eye arm that chain we , eye that lie ( chorus ) Jim jump around violently to the front , get the attention of all . rubbing he leather pants against the mike stand , lean against it , not yet comfortable with the extrovert side of himself , eye close , but start to enjoy it . he sing to Pam . int . backstage - the fog - that night jerry , the ex-vice cop manager who run the joint , can not understand the appeal , talk to jim and robbie who be pack and haul they equipment out . dorothy be there . pam ( innocently ) so Jerry ... do we get pay for this ? jerry ( ignore she ) what shit , " day destroy the night " , " crawl back in you brain " , " go insane " . what do people wanna pay money to hear that shit . jim ( explain it , gentle ) the great the suffer , the more terrible the event , the great the pleasure Jerry . they want it , it 's catharsis . like the ancient Greeks . jerry ( amused ) we be in Los Angeles punk , how would you know , they like you pants , they be not listenin ' to you , what the hell they see in you I ... jim ( laugh ) but they understand Jerry . all we real desire be unconscious and unseen . . . jerry ( scratch he head ) ... you be the weirdest fuckin ' guy I ever ... jim you love we ? jerry I love ya . you get two more show to do . camera glide across the small crowded smokey room to ray and JOHN in conversation with a slick beverly Hills manager type . manager ... I get some real tight record company connection , just leave it to I man , I will take you guy all the fuckin ' way , you blow my mind out there . ray yeah right , but what about the music ? manager hey the music ? I love it man , that 's why we be talk right ? some of it 's a little on the dark side though . ya know ya oughta get some tune like herman 's hermit stuff -- " Mrs. Brown you get a lovely daughter " . that shit go right to the radio man . ray uh huh . well , how ' bout gettin ' we some real equipment ? manager listen , I sign you guy to a five year management contract and you get it all . equipment . demo . a truck with roady . Three , maybe four percent record deal . wherever ya want to go babe , trust I , I will get you there . whatd 'ya say ? ray ( exchange look with John ) we will have a band meeting . the four of we do everything unanimously or we do not do it . manager the musketeer . I be touch . but lemme tell you something -- loyalty do not pay the bill . think about it . call I tomorrow . he give Ray a card , leave , crossing to Jim and pam talk . JOHN ( to Ray ) what a sleaze ! man , Jim 's gotta start face the crowd if he 's gonna be the front man . ray he 's just get he confidence . JOHN he never do what we rehearse . what 's the point of ... ray how do it feel ? JOHN great , but ... Pam on payphone call she friend to come . pam ... make sure you get barb and Sue Anne to come . and tell they to ask for Jim ! the manager on he way out lean into Jim 's face , slyly . manager Jim , how old be you ? jim ah , twenty one ... manager Jesus , you be a gold mine , I will make it quick and to the point and if you repeat it I will deny it -- drop this guy , I will put you with some real musician , you voice , you look , that 's what will sell record , we will make a million buck . a year . Goodbye . call I . I be right . he give Jim a card and go . Pam disgust with the type , Jim laugh , like the guy . jim I like a man wear he soul on he face . ray ( come over ) " whiskey 's " next , I can feel it in my bone . robbie I still think the lyric be weird . int . london fog - night montage effect -- Jim sing " a Little game " on the fog stage . Super over whiskey sign . ext . sunset strip -- that night cu move down -- the " love " be on the marquee at the famous whisky a go go as we move down to see jim , pam , and the door . Jim jump through the teeming traffic ( horn , anger ) right in front of a cop car , crossing to a long line of teenage fan die to get into the club . jim ( to Ray , innocently ) Jesus Ray , every girl out there want to fuck I , I could feel it for the first time ! ray right on stud . but you better watch out for the guy . jim ( to the band ) guy , I be serious about the desert , we still gotta deepen man , we gotta take some peyote -- all of we together , we get one more stage to go ... robbie I do not know man , fuck up my play . I be play music for 10 year man and this be the first time in my whole damned life I ever play it . jim be you satisfied ? JOHN will you get off my case ! I be never do acid again . too many bad trip man . jim it 's not acid John , it 's peyote . it 's a bond ceremony . it 's get to be more ... more ... more ... JOHN I be into tm man . I promise my guru ... pam I want to ! I want to ! I be ready . let 's go to the desert ... do the peyote , the good peyote . jim ( to girl in line ) who 's on now ? girl 1 ( wither look , very hip ) " Love " . jim yeah , Arthur Lee 's cool . girl 1 they be the best ... better and the Beatles . jim you mean the marx Brothers of music , we could blow them away . the girl look at each other like who be this jerk . girl 2 and who be you ? jim the Doors ... we be up the street at the fog . laughter from the girl . girl 1 ( contempt ) the Doors . I hear of you . that 's the dumbest name . I would not go to the fog if you pay I . jim oh yeah what would you do for money ? pam let 's go Jim , come on . meanwhile densmore be hit up on girl 2 . JOHN so you do not have a phone number ? what do you mean you do not have a phone number ? girl 2 I do not have a phone number . so give I you number then . JOHN I do not have a phone . Robbie be do he imitation of a shrimp for another girl who 's laugh . girl 1 ( intrigue , to Jim ) well , would you leave my name at the door ? jim well I do not know . what 's you name ? girl 1 caprice . jim caprice ? that 's the dumbest name I ever hear . a look between Jim and caprice . pamela pull Jim away , give the girl a look . jim hey ! I be the lizard king . I can do anything ! raise you hand if you understand ! alive , any of you alive -- let 's take a poll -- how many of you know you be really alive !! the crowd giggle . Jim climb a pole , yell . jim no one ? raise you hand c'mon man ... let 's go . on the crowd . a few raise they hand , smile . we Iris in on the Doors suddenly -- a strange sound -- reverse Iris on Jim -- feel it now . the peyote . jim 's Pov -- Pam irise out . this strange sound in he ear -- a rattle of a indian gourd , similar to what we hear in the car in Arizona when Jim be a boy . now a distant indian drum beat . the beginning strain of the end dribble in . ext . desert - day a dent red chevrolet fishtail on a dry mudflat , whipping up dustdevils . they be all laughing ( strange noise ) -- in a circle somewhere on the edge of a precipice in deep arroyos and magnificent rock and cacti ... a football huddle of face - ray , JOHN , robbie , jim -- the four door ... laugh with the first mad impulse of the peyote . pam be vomit she brain out as dorothy try to comfort she on the edge of a cliff ... Jim panther up the dune . jim everybody have a good time ? they hug . she throw up again . jim ... awright , pretty good , it get better . Jim hold he head . feel the ride . jim woa !! it 's fast . jump cut : Jim and Pam be touch each other . face. shadows . Sand fall from Pam 's hand . Jim turn to hawk at a bird . " Hawk ! Hawk ! " then Pam be dance alone on the dune . abruptly Jim be back in the circle with the Doors in a sense tear between they and Pam . extreme closeup of they face , they eye , the tension of the trip tear apart they tooth as they go from the laugh to the dangerous part . jim when the serpent appear , he head be ten foot long and five foot wide . he have one red eye and one green eye . he 's deadly and he 's seven mile long . as he move -- on he scale be write all the history of the world , all people , all action , all of we we little picture on the scale , God it 's big ! -- and it 's eat as it move all the time , devour , digest consciousness , power , a monster of energy ! John shutter -- as do Robbie and Ray . Jim seem possess . jim we must kiss the snake on the tongue , if it sense we fear , it will eat we instantly . but if we kiss it without fear , the snake will take we through the garden and out the gate . to we freedom - we must ride this snake . to the end of time . pause . he have instill a flux of fear in the group . JOHN I think I be fuck up . I be not think right . jim you be fuck up John . go with it , confusion be the sound of creation . JOHN you should see you eye right now , you be death . look at you eye -- you be crazy man , you look crazy . you scare I . jim no no no John John . God be crazy too . God be part insane as well as sane . not in control all the time . dionysus be the God of the wine . he make ecstasy but he also make madness . madness be all right . that 's what you want , be not it , be not it ? where 's that joint ? robbie ( cry ) I get scared think of all the choice inside . I could go . I could stay . I can live anywhere . I could die now if I want . it 's limitless choice ... and no one care . jim die Robbie . JOHN what the fuck ! pam ( wander in ) I do not know what I be . I be on the cusp of Sagittarius and Capricorn . Sagittarius be wild and Capricorn domestic and safe , so I do not know which one to be . Jim look at she , smile . jim I love you . dorothy ( into the same lens ) oh my God , the light , it 's so beautiful Ray . can you see it ... it 's all one ... honey ? Ray have he head bury in he hand . ray I be in pain man . I want something from the peyote . I feel the universe function perfectly but I be still perfectly lock inside myself . instead of oneness , I feel total isolation . aloneness . fear ... pain ... Jim , all I feel be pain . jim pain make I feel more alive Ray . pain be mean to wake we up . people try to hide they pain but they be wrong . JOHN I feel lust . I want to fuck everything I can , and I know it will never be enough . jim ( whisper ) Pam want you . ( normal ) you be a good Catholic John , you want it so you can feel guilty about it ... fuck death away John . robbie I feel fear ... so bad I just numb out all my feeling . I be afraid of my father , I be afraid of yahweh ... I wish I could play my guitar . jim maybe you should kill you father Robbie . he try to kill you . kill he ! robbie I be so fuck scared . jim but you be alive ! it 's beautiful ! fear , pain , lust , we have get to know all we feeling before we can come out the other side free man . do not feel ashamed of yourselves , do not let society destroy you reality . we freedom 's the only thing worth die for , it 's the only thing worth live for ! he take Ray and Robbie 's hand , he voice calming they , reform the circle . John hesitant . not all will enter the gate at evening . JOHN ( cold sweat ) I be not gonna make it man . I be scared Jim , I be still scared . blindness be come on . jim then use we John , use we strength , it 's we four now , a tribe of warrior , everything we have come from the same source , the great creator of be . trust he , trust we . ride the snake . . . I promise you I will be with you till the end of time . pull John into the circle , bond , they four head sink to the desert floor , Jim make wild indian sound , deep - throat " shoooh ... shoooh " ... now hum a song from the desert . jim my wild love go riding ... mmmmmm . she ride all the day . she ride to the devil . and ask for he to pay ... shooo shoooo the other join in he chant , the four rise and fall like a collective breath . jim ( ad lib ) ... she go to the desert she go to the sea Joseph we do see ... suddenly Jim break and rise out of the circle . Ray , Robbie , John , all look at he . the same need . pamela , the desperation of she eye . jim ( to himself ) ... I be lie to you . I be scared . he go , he boot in the sand . JOHN Jim , where be you go . jim ( look back ) I will be back . I gotta go alone . pamela call from another dune , far away . pam Jim ! Jim ... come here , dance ... do not go away . his Pov -- of she , recede . she scream for he . he 's in pain . can not help she . a bird of prey in the sky . Jim move across a lunar landscape . special effect : the sun be black like night or else white in a black sky . voice in the distance . " Jim , where be you go ? " a mother 's voice , a father 's voice . door song can you picture what will be so limitless and free desperately in need of some stranger 's hand in a desperate land lose in a Roman wilderness of pain and all the child be insane : wait for the summer rain flashbacks int . car - moving - desert jim , 4 , in the back of a car in the desert -- look back ... at the overturn truck , the body in the road ... at the older indian look at he ... finally at the die indian ... he eye . int . morrison home - day somewhere . the child alone . on the live room floor . drawing he sketches in a book . mom 's foot move past -- then dad be foot . we may sense a subtle shift in mood when the parent come in -- from the boy' eye which never leave the sketch he be draw . ext . desert - day a old woman be beckone to he from a open in the face of the mountain ... then she 's go . jim bound towards the crevice . int . rock palace - day he be in a isolate cathedral of rock . the crone , mutter , leave through another crevice . suddenly a mountain lion be visible , stretch hugely across a rock . it growl ferociously , upset , and suddenly shoot out the back of the cave . silence . Jim , thunderstruck , gape . a gallery of ancient indian petroglyphs surround he on all side . curious , oblong figure , buffalo , sacred deer and bear , creature of the hunt ; hunter and they weapon , rain cloud , mask deity proclaim the answer to the Mystery , the story of creation . camera weaving up to see one of the face of the deity -- stare at he from the wall -- a eagle 's face ... door song there 's danger on the edge of town ride the King 's highway weird scene inside the gold mine ride the King 's highway west , baby the sound of a rattle -- " shichishichi " -- he realize he 's be watch . by what ? he whip he eye everywhere . a large lizard perches on a boulder assess he calmly , tatter of a former skin cling to its throat , spit a fork tongue and drill its black pearly eye into he skull ... now the sound of the bull - roarer , whipping the air , announce the appearance of the shaman . Jim 's strike with a overwhelming sense of ... awe ... ancient mystery . he turn . the lizard be look at he . the ghost of the dead indian be also look at he . we be look at jim from its point of view -- a blur of light , some headdress , a sense of skin ... music drop back , no lyric ... the voice be old , familiar , possible Spanish descent dialect or huararchi . indian ghost voice ... you be a prince among white man , yet you be a warrior among we . you be ready now . go out " walk with the pain of the world , travel to the end of the wind " -- and change it for all man as you be bear to do . the voice , the pretense , -- the glow too quickly fade -- leave Jim so alone , not sure what he have hear , yet he know he have hear , and he know he have see -- and once you have see , it will never be the same again . his eye . ext . cave - day jim exit the cave . match CUT to : int . whisky a go go - night extreme close on jim' eye as he continue with the end . door song ride the snake ride the snake , to the lake the ancient lake the snake be long , seven mile ride the snake he 's old , and he skin be cold camera pull out from he eye . there 's something different tonight . something in the air . his eye be open , he 's face outward , grip the mike for he life , hair fall in he face , drip sweat , we sense all he soul concentrate in what he have to say . clique of groupies have stake claim at the foot of the stage , eye fuck he as he writhes , spread he leg . every twitch , every moment he suck out the tension on the musical interlude generate a whip of a reaction in he audience . nobody be move in the club . the dancers be still , the go go girl in they white plastic boot and dress hang motionless in they gild cage . even the waitress have stop , freeze with they trays , deny something be go to happen . pamela , dorothy ... jerry from the fog , also the manager of this place , watch from the balcony , shaking he head , do not understand . pan to two record type with he -- jac holzman , distinguished six footer , suit , and paul rothchild , funky , pigtail , ex-con , early 30 . jim &amp ; door the west be best ( 2 ) get here and we will do the rest the blue bus be call we ( 2 ) Driver where you take we ? the band have come together fully now . robbie be finger slide across the tremble string , stare at the ceiling , wander around the darken portion of stage leave , he feel Jim -- echoe he back with he flamenco- blue guitar . JOHN on drum , read Jim 's mood , throw in the spontaneous and violent riff that keep it savage . he literally torture Jim 's ear with he drum . and ray , concentrate with he nodd head like a big flamingo over he keyboard , mixing it up , throw curve , yet also -- and more delicately -- torture Jim with the messianic organ sound that shriek in he ear . there be something of merlin in Ray -- the alchemist know how to play Jim . and jim -- " that sneaky silent lithe flow flex animal " -- ready at last to share both he body and he soul with the world , to live out the word of the indian prophet ... to lead . jim the killer awoke before dawn he put he boot on he take a face from the ancient gallery and he walk on down the hall Ray look over up from he board , catch robby with a ' what 's this ? ' look ... they go with it , improvise ... Jim clutching the mike tighter , seek solace in its arm ; it all hang in the air as if he do not have any idea what he 's go to say next . jim he go to the room where he sister live and he pay a visit to he brother and then he go on down the hall ... pamela sense something be come ... the audience ... Jerry ... the go - go dancer ... jim and he come to a door , and he look inside " Father ? " " yes , son ? " " I want to kill you " . flash -- a father' face , any face , older , any man ... jim mother ... I want to ... flash -- a mother' face , any face , older , a woman jim aaaaaaaggggggghhhhhhh yooooouuuuuuuuuu !!!!! fuck you all night ! the scream primal , pure Jim -- indian savagery rip from the depth of he soul , of he pain -- bounce off the wall ... as the audience gasp , shocked , stunne ... as the guitar hit a high , horrid reverb , jim in slightly slow motion suddenly tighten he backbone as if electrocute and shoot violently backwards , hit the floor like a puppet cut from he string -- we sense Jim himself have cross a barrier now , go into yet another stage of he performance , a stage from which he can never return . like the gunfighter who have kill he first man . ray see it instantly where it 's go , hit the organ ! Robbie and John follow . the instrument explode all at once try to bury Jim in he primal unmistakeable scream . the club in shock . tribal taboo break in one instant . Jerry explode off the balcony toward the stage ... pamela , extremely move and impressed , and dorothy ... the go - go girl , as jade as they come , be stunne tension ... the groupy love it . Jim have jump up now , dance a indian war dance around the mike . jim come on baby take a chance with we ( x3 ) and meet I in the back of the blue bus doona blue rog onna blue bus doona blue yeah ! come on yeah ! int . backstage whisky hallway - that night jim be be muscle out the door by jerry , livid . jerry nobody' gonna fuck there mother on my stage ! you 're outta here . you do not ever come back to play , you do not ever come back to drink -- you be dead on the strip ! jim ( ranting back at he ) kill the father , fuck the mother , kill the father , fuck the mother -- that 's what I be into ! that 's what I be into ! Jerry pin Jim to the wall , jerry you -- morrison ! you be fuck filthy twisted perverse punk , get back to you fuck sewer !! jim ( calmly smile ) you have the face of a pig man . lose in the melee , ray and JOHN spring Jim back from likely death ray jerry jerry ... he be talk about oedipus ! greek tragedy !! it 's art !! jerry fuck art !! get the fuck art out !!! push , shove , scramble . past a long - haire journalist yell into a payphone . journalist never see anything like the door -- never !! get a photographer down here . " rolling stone's gotta see this !! as they rumble by he , all yell at once . into the street . ext . alley &amp ; staircase outside whisky - that night the door go sailing out , follow by one of they drum , JOHN and robbie restrain Jim from go back in . jim take a long look old man . we be the future . we be thing to come . jerry fuck you ... you 're fucking dead ! wanting to come after Jim but restrain now by the record mogul , holzman and rothchild . paul come on Jerry , cool it , cool it ... he 's a kid , it 's a song about die , change ... jac holzman push past to Ray . pamela separate Jim visually from Jerry . JOHN ( to ray and robbie ) we will never work again man . the mafia control all this club . holzman ( to Ray and Robbie ) quite a night ! hi , I be jac holzman . I own elektra record . ray ( know the name ) oh sure , hi. holzman pause , a dramatic presence , six foot two , impeccably dress , he know the weight of he word . holzman listen ... I think if you could just put what you do in there on record , we could really have something ... and we could make a lot of money ... it hang there . impossible word . ray yeah ? John and Robbie share look . holzman ( point to rothchild come up ) yeah ... and rothchild here be bear to be you producer . robbie ( recognize Paul ) hey , the guy that do butterfield ! paul bertold brecht , cabaret and rock . give I a fuck break . you guy be amazing ! let 's go make a record . jim ( to Ray , point back at Jerry ) hey , be that asshole gonna pay we ? holzman ( amused ) why do not you go inside and ask he Jim ? strain of light my FIRE cross the cut . int . sunset SOUND recording studio - day ( 1966 ) four-track tape system be roll . door song you know that it would be untrue you know that I would be a liar if I be to say to you girl , we could not get much higher camera move fast through the control room , past the engineer ( bruce botnick ) , taciturn , 20' , the producer ( paul rothchild ) in pig heaven , and the owner jac holzman in he blue suit watch . paul hey Bruce , you feel it ? bruce I be have big fun . paul ( to jac ) I get goosebump jac . this be history go down here . a album of killer music in six day ... six day ... unreal ! camera move fast past a smile pam watch , out to the door on the floor , jam ... on to jim in the vocal booth , headphone to he ear . jim come on baby , light my fiiirrrreeee !!! the song , now fully -- orchestrate , roll on over the follow montage : jim ( after song ) pretty good ! pretty neat ! ext . golden gate park - san francisco ( documentary footage ) - day ( 1967 ) light my FIRE continue . documentary footage of the " human be - in " , the " summer of Love " -- swarm flower child , war protestor . a stage 16 mm . grainy shot of jim and pamela , ray and dorothy , JOHN , robbie and they two new girlfriend wander through the crowd share the spirit . Pam and Jim fool around -- laugh -- tickle each other for the home movie camera shot by Ray ... Pam be goofy , make funny face , tease he run a flower under he nose , through he hair , then trip he . he chase she across the lawn . int . fillmore west stage - san francisco - night ( 1967 ) the crowd be " beautiful " -- candle , incense stick , flower , vibe of peace and love . the instrumental of " Light my Fire " be play , but only three door be on stage till Jim come swinging across on a rope like tarzan all the way across the stage -- then drop down , rebound lithely and hit the mike . jim ( sing ) the time to hesitate be through no time to wallow in the mire . jim swandive into the stone crowd with the mike at the instrumental section , a color spotlight fleck he , girl kiss he . the guy want to be he , the girl want he -- and he know it , teasing and tantalize they ... jim try now we can only lose and we love become a funeral pyre come on baby , light my fire try to set the night on fiiiiiiiiire !!!!! bodyguard run in to pull he out as he 's toss , like a limp god , over the head of the crowd , roll like a buoy on a rock sea , from hand to hand , dionysus , devoure limb from limb by the " little girl " . pamela watch from the side curtain . alabama song ( whisky bar ) now kick in with its comic , brechtian strain as we : omit sequence omit from original script . ext . airport tarmac - day scream fan chase the door to a commercial airplane , scribbling autograph . one of the girl smack jim on the lip as he laugh , she camera click . pamela shoot a home movie of it , push aside by the crowd , rescue by robbie and the new young manager , bill siddon ... door song oh show I the way to the next whisky bar oh do not ask why oh do not ask why ext . new york CITY skyline ( see from plane ) - day the City as see by : int . airplane - day jim be face press to the window , pamela next to he hugging each other . jim ( real close , hugging she ) I do not mind die in a plane crash , a smile on my face . pamela ( cut he food ) as compare to what ? jim I just do not want to go out slow -- brain tumor , botulism . I want to feel what it 's like , cause death be only go to happen to you once . pamela I do not want to die ever , what a weird thing to say . door song for if we do not find the next whisky bar I tell you we must die I tell you I tell you I tell you we must die ext . CBS - new york - night ( summer , 1967 ) a limousine pull up in front of the Ed Sullivan marquee . the sidewalk be mobbed with fan , mostly young girl . door song oh moon of Alabama we now must say goodbye we have lose we good ol mama we must have whiskey oh you know why int . limo - night jim look out at the mob with the other door and pamela . the look on he face be ironic . his Pov -- the young girl ' face , arm grasp at the window like tentacles of a poisonous hydra , they face deform by silent scream ( we hear faint strangle shriek below the song ) ... police and security press they back , link arm to clear a path for the Doors . door song show I the way to the next little girl oh do not ask why oh do not ask why the girl cry hysterically as Jim lazily , leopardly , move across the crowd , almost like oswald wait for the Ruby bullet but with that sweet , pleasant smile on he face , dark glass conceal ... girl ( faint ) oh jimmmmm , pleeeaaase look , I looove youuuuu , jimmmmmm , pleeeeeaase , jimmmmm , here , sign miiiine ... take a picture Jim ?... Jim , Jim , oh please look at I Jim !! they voice distorting . a girlchild squeezing through the cordon with the fatal bullet . in slightly slow motion , Jim see she come ... as she glue herself hip to hip , lip to lip with Jim , she hand claw at he leather pants . it take two cop to peel she off . pamela furious . Jim be gracious with everyone , sign patiently , talk , kiss , shake hand with the boy , let they touch he hair , he body , pose for a picture , seem to like it . door song for if we do not find the next little girl I tell you we must die I tell you I tell you I tell you we must die int . CBS backstage - that evening the nervous producer , herb , lead " mr . sullivan " through the corridor to the Doors ' dressing room past several " act " get ready to go on ... animal , tumbler , a soprano wail ... producer right this way Mr. Sullivan . they be call " the Doors " . they get the number one single in the country -- " Light you Fire " . sullivan " Light you Fire " ? be that sooo ? producer they look pretty grungy but we be ... int . door dressing room - evening bedlam . make - up artist pancake the face of the door -- the nightmare come true . ray in a white suit with too many pinstripe . robbie a spearmint turtleneck , bead , long sideburn , JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie - dye splotch on the front of it . they hair 's be violate enough by a nervous gay black hair designer to make they totally self - conscious and nervous about they first live tv appearance -- all except jim who remain in he signature black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spangle -- watch a portable tv ... a girl leave he side , crossing pamela . Eye contact between they speak of pamela 's jealousy . JOHN ( indignant ) you be gonna cut it ! hairdresser ( do John ) no , I be go to worship it . what kind of shampoo be you use ? JOHN the kind you get in hotel . hairdresser pamper yourself sweetheart , you do not want split end , you be a celebrity now . ( move to Ray ) you have very serious - serious hair , it need to rebel . I will give it a tinge of something freaky . ray I would rather stay the same color . hairdresser scaredy cat . robbie what about I ? hairdresser ( a look ) honey , we do not have enough time . television insert -- image of detroit burn , summer of 67 . tv newsman ... here in Detroit , 42 people dead , more than 2000 injure ... 1400 building burn , 5000 people have just lose they home as Detroit join more than 100 city tear by riot this hot summer ! on jim , as they pancake he , reflective . jim no wonder " Light my Fire 's " number one . hairdresser ( to jim ) what about you handsome ? jim ( friendly ) the biggest mistake in my life have be haircut . pam do not wash it . do not set it . he like it the way it be ... hairdresser ( back off ) all right , be mean ... commotion from the doorway as the producer lead the lock - jaw mr . sullivan in with everyone bow and scraping to the Pope . producer boy -- meet Mr. Sullivan Mr. Sullivan wave from the doorway . sullivan hi boy , hear you song " Light that Fire " ( herb correct ) ... think you be great ... good luck out there . door ( ad lib ) oh thanks Mr. Sullivan . producer ( move alongside Ray ) well the guy at Network have tell we they have a small problem with the lyric " girl we could not get much higher " . you can not say " higher " on network so they ask if ... you could say , " girl we can not get much better " ... can you dig that ? a look from the guy . Jim sullen . tension in the air . Mr. Sullivan wait . jim how ' bout , " girl you could not bite my wire " . pause . the producer puzzle a beat . it do not go down . producer I do not think standards and practice would ... Sullivan exite , wave at no one in particular like Nixon would . sullivan look , you boy do not forget to smile now . do not be so sullen out there ... jim uh well , we be kind of a sullen group , Ed . siddon reassure the producer . siddon we will work it out herb , promise . give I five . producer ( not totally convinced , exite ) groovy ! uh you boy should know Mr. Sullivan be consider you boy for four more show . you dig ? pause . JOHN well ? jim what -- be we the Beatles now John ? ray ( laugh ) it 's only a word man . the Stones change ... jim hey Ray , why do not you change you name to sid or Irving manzarek or something ... it 's only a word y'know . robbie it 's my word . I do not care , let 's just jam . Ray 's seethe tension . younger brother start to get out of hand . int . studio stage - that night sullivan stiffly introduce they . sullivan now here on we stage direct from Los Angeles , California , lady and gentleman , the Doors ! the light come up on the door in they ultimate nightmare -- each door appear consecutively in a lightspot as Jim sing the ubiquitous " Light my Fire " , trap in this elvis presley -- Vegas act , he look like he could not care less . door hang suspend everywhere on the set -- they name spell out in big block standup letter . Jim have a hard - on in he pants , barely conceal by he tight leather . producer ( in control booth ) what 's that ?... oh Jesus !... get off it !! where 's he go ? Jim miss he mark deliberately , the camera have a hard time follow he . jim &amp ; door you know that it would be untrue you know that I would be a liar if I be to say to you girl , we could not get much higher come on baby light my fire int . control booth ( simultaneous ) - that night the producer freaking out . producer ( hyperventilate ) he say it ! he say it ! on National tv you can not do that ! you can not do that !!! you blow it you little shit ! you will never play Ed Sullivan again . Jim on the monitor , sing through to he freedom , fall on the floor flat , the camera miss he completely . jim come on baby , light my fire try to set the night on fiiiirrrrre ! int . HOTEL bedroom -- new york - night overhead angle -- jim lie there in a sweat . pamela pull off he , naked , frustrated , try to rouse he . pam ( tender ) what can I do , what do you want I to do ?... Jim ? jim I do not know ... I guess I should see a doctor or something ... maybe I should go to someone of the straight jungian philosophy . pam it happen to other guy too ... Jim , quietly piss , reach for the whiskey bottle at the side of the bed . jim it 's so scary up there . to be adore . be not that irony ? teenage death girl want my dick -- a mere clown -- not my word . I will never wake up in a good mood again ... lament for my cock , a tongue of knowledge deep in the feathered night , give life , soar and crucify , I seek to know you ... pam it 's not so complicated Jim , it 's just sex , y'know . jim you should marry a insurance salesman . pam it 's the hour man , the pressure , everything 's like you last performance , you be set yourself up . jim we be not build to last . pam be not you do this for you , because you be a poet , not a rock star . Ed Sullivan 's not a place for you . jim you really know what I be Pam ? you know what poetry be ? where be the feast they promise we ? where be the wine -- the new wine -- die on the vine ? pam what be you say ! jim y'see -- I lie to you . I really love Fame . pam ( here we go ) why be you do this to I ? jim ( drink ) ' Cause you be in the room . she try to take the bottle away . he resist . they struggle . it become a fight . pam and this be gonna help ! it 's probably the cause . ' least put some soul in you success asshole ! jim maybe you be the cause ! pam right . jim I mean I do not have this problem with anybody else . pam ( get the bottle ) give it to I !!! jim ( get it back ) no !!!!! mommy !!! pam ( give up , try to exit ) fuck you man I be outta here . he grab she . they lurch , smash the lamp . wild child song kick in . jim ( excited now ) get mad ! yeahhh ! Love my girl ! yeah , go fuck the other guy . how many white guy have you fuck Pam ? 10 , 20 ? Black guy what ? you like chinese dick ? mongolian penis ? 30 ? pam ( fight ) ...how many dog have you fuck ! you do not say no to anybody ! drug , dog , ugly , you would fuck a doorknob with butter on it ! jim how could I do that pam ( shouting top of she lung ) you be the first one who could not make it with I anyway ! you be the only limp dick in the lot !!! camera run at they from the end of the room . jim laugh manically as they roll off the bed into a wall . kick , hit hard . door song Wild child full of grace savior of the human race you cool face Natural child , terrible child not you mother or you father 's child you own child , scream wild jim ha ha ha !! will you die for I ! pam no ! will you die for I !! jim i'd die for anybody . pam what about I ! what about I ! jim cunt cunt cunt . pam liar liar liar . you promised . you promised . jim i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry . a voice across the wall join in , bang . voice shaddup willya . i'm try to sleep !!!! jim then move to miami you slave !!! more nag . by this time the fight have expire of its own volition . jim ( quietly ) you be say ? they giggle , start to laugh . then they cuddle on the floor , in the corner , in this semi-lit New York hotel room . jim ( low ) ... will you die for I , Pam , a clown , a despicable clown ?... a mere despicable clown ? pam yes yes yes . jim ... I need a home . a place to hide . pam ... with I . yes ... yes ... jim ( mumble ) ...how could we make a home ?... where there 's sanctuary ? pam ... yes , yes , yes . he 's hard now . she 's guide he inside she . jim ... we be in Africa , we be just animal ... I wanna stay inside you all night baby ... let 's fuck death away , now fuck death away ... pam ...yes ... int . PRESS conference - HOTEL suite new york - day camera move in past the buffet , champagne , flower in the hotel suite overlook central park ... to the door in armchair surround by a informal group of a dozen journalist and PRESS photographer ... jim behind dark shade drink long Hawaiian fruit punch , deck out in snakeskin . journalist 1 ( stiff , Times type ) what be you song about Mr. morrison ? time dissolves over the question and answer . a vaguely dreamy quality . jim uh love death travel ... revolt . we all write the song , we be interested in anything about disorder , chaos , especially activity which seem to have no meaning ... I think when you make peace with authority , you become authority . journalist 1 can you define that a little more ? jim yeah you can call we erotic politician I guess . dissolving over : journalist 2 do you really consider yourself a shaman Mr. morrison ? dissolving over : jim ...a scapegoat maybe -- I take on the audience ' fantasy , obey they impulse . when the impulse be destructive , I be destructive . it 's kinda like suck the puss out of a rattlesnake , something like that . journalist 1 ( smile ) ... like a medicine man or witch doctor ? ray ( cut in ) Jim say to I once , the history of rock and roll 's like Greek drama or caveman storey . the audience come to see ancient ritual in ancient cave . they soul in jeopardy . they be not watch any longer , they be participate -- and everything 's in play , you life , you death ... journalist 1 ( glib ) be that why they scream so much ? Gentle laughter . the journalist do not get it ... pan they look . the backbeat of crystal ship , dreamy hazy , Warhol - like interview float over the room like a giant mushroom cloud . dissolving to : journalist 3 ( more down to earth ) Mr. morrison , how do you feel about be call the " ultimate barbie doll " . on Jim -- a beat . a sickly smile spread . jim I guess when you say something like that , it 's a shortcut to think . journalist 3 then do you " think " about the dreadful review you new poetry book have get ? holding up a copy of " the lord and New creature " . jim ( softly ) I guess they do not understand . journalist 3 ( have score ) and it 's true you finance it 's publication ? Jim motion he over , whisper something at siddon who go to fetch a pair of scissors . ray ( angry ) have you bother to read the poetry mar be ? you keep deny that anything good can come from L.A. , I mean be not that kind of a provincial attitude ? that Bob Dylan 's the only poet cause he 's from the East Coast , but you will not even look past Jim 's goddamn look at the word man ! jim ( embarrassed ) hey c'mon Ray , hate should be allow . journalist 1 ... but what really be you song about Mr. morrison ? you preach , " save the planet " , " make a new age " but how do drink , take drug , this boozy sort of apocalyptic stance at the world influence young people in a positive way ? jim I like that -- " boozy apocalyptic " -- you be a word man , but how do you newspaper influence young people to think about Vietnam ? who 's send the soldier over there to die ? the establishment -- right ? you newspaper -- right ? that seem to I a lot more dangerous than the stuff we do . dissolving over : journalist 3 do you believe in drug Mr. morrison ? siddon come back in , hand Jim a pair of scissors . jim ( graciously disdainful ) do you know nietzsche say , " all good consciousness , all evidence of truth come only from the sense " ? hey you wanna arm wrestle ? come on , you look pretty tough today . c'mon , I will take you all on . journalist 3 ( ignore he smile ) and alcohol ? be that consider part of the shaman 's wisdom ? jim part of the clown 's wisdom -- it 's kinda the american way . you know we spend more on alcohol and tobacco than on education . double image on the dissolves . journalist 3 be you by any chance in a trance now Mr. morrison ? jim do you hurt ? journalist 3 what ? jim what hurt you the most ? he cut he hair with the scissors . a commotion . journalist 3 what be you do ? dissolving over : jim uh ... get tired of the barbie doll look . it hurt . journalist 3 be you serious ? jim ( cut hair blindly ) about ? y'know when people be joke , I find they be dead serious and when they be dead serious , I find they funny . they be amaze . the point be make however -- visibly . the anger in he action be so extreme yet so contain -- the cynosure of all eye as always . eye shoot back at journalist 3 ... journalist 4 cut in from the back of the room alter the mood . journalist 4 what do you parent think about what you be do ? jim ( pause ) actually , I do not really remember be bear . it musta happen during one of my blackout . laughter . journalist 4 with dark hair and demeanor , gypsy - like jewelry on she arm and avant garde clothing , large glass , be probably a rock magazine writer but seem to like Jim and he work . journalist 4 but they must have express some feel ? jim ( pause ) well , to be honest they be not live anymore so I do not like to talk about that . flashbulb hit he face at that moment . journalist 4 could you at least tell we how they die ? Jim put the scissors down , go to a low mysterious voice . jim oh , it be a ... horrible car crash ... in the desert in the fifty , Arizona ... run right into a truckload of Indians ... navajos , they be lie out on the road , all bleed , and I be with my grandma and grandad , we be bang up and all ... and I be look at my dad and he be lie there ... but he throat be severe and there be air come out . he put the room in a hush . he have mesmerize they and they be not sure whether to believe it or not . journalist 4 I be sorry . journalist 2 I have the feel I be be put on . Jim rise , stagger slightly as he make he way to the bar on the way out of the room , smile right at she , ignore everybody else in the room . jim y'all believe what you want to believe , you will anyway ... but it do kinda show you what excite people ? ( look directly at she ) fear , pity , horror -- all that good thing that count . it 's sorta I guess like be on the edge of a orgasm , y'know ... that mystery just before you come . when ? if ? should I ? will you die for I , eat I , this way , the end ... he go . the room in silence , embarrassed , nervous titter look at journalist 4 who flush deeply as we cut to : int . patricia' soho loft - that day ( rain ) rain , rain , rain ... pelting the large window as we glide to jim fuck journalist 4 ( patricia kennealy ) madly in the twisted sheet ... he give up , exhaust . the song crystal ship backbeat the scene ... he wander around she place . her place be cramme with book and intellectualabilia , skull , candle , globe of the world , plant . she put she glass back on . patricia you want to do some more cocaine ? it will loosen you up . jim great ! a new thing . as she go to a bowl of cocaine , laid alongside a bottle of champagne and a basketful of item all cater by Jim . he 's at she bookcase , thumbing through a ancient manuscript . jim wow how old be this ? insert -- the drawing in the book pertain to witchcraft . patricia ( snort ) 14th century . I practice the craft . jim the craft ? patricia I be a witch ( smile ) a white one . jim ( impressed ) wow ! you Patricia ? who would have guess ? ironic of course when you look at she long dark lock and demeanor . she look back at he , challenging . patricia the kennealy 's be celtic cheiftain and pre-christian shaman when you druid ancestor the morrison be a minor Scottish clan found by a bastard son of the king of Norway . jim reappraising she . her eye contact be very direct . patricia it 's a religion , witchcraft . Witches be the protector of the season , the harvest , goddess of the grain . and when cross , destroyer . Jim wait . something in the feel of the room have shift . the sound of she razor chopping coke . he snort -- the first time . patricia you ever try drink blood ? jim what ? patricia it work you know . you drink blood the right time of the moon ... they use to dance in the forest naked . I think that 's what offended the puritans and lead to the burning . they be a sexual threat to they male order like the bacchae -- five day a year for dionysus , they use to wander the hill in ancient Greece , the first witch , clan of wild woman fuck , looting , eat animal raw , the wine in they blood run hot -- look for dionysus ... to tear he to piece -- be not that wild ? Jim be down on he knee crawl around she . she be crawl back . jim ( hook ) where do you get the blood ? Patricia laugh . superimposition to : patricia draw blood from she arm -- wipe it on he mouth . some of it spill out , tamping the white powder with red stain . Jim watch enthralled , coke out . she hand he the jewell moroccan dagger . patricia blood be the rise of mysterious union , symbol of potency ... now you . jim no ... I do not like ... cut myself . patricia ( stern ) do not be such a child ! if I do it , you have to do it . he extend he arm . the look between they . he close he eye like a little boy . she make the cut . door song before you slip into unconsciousness I would like to have another kiss another flash chance at bliss another kiss , another kiss superimposition : candle , incense burn . as Jim and Patricia dance in the loft naked to music , drink champagne . jump CUT : he be chase she with one of she goat horn between he leg . they wrestle , yell , lusty bacchanale . superimposition to : they be fuck madly on the wooden floor of the loft , bath in blood and white powder all over the place , rain pelting the window , thunder , orff 's " carmina burana " cut in over the Doors ' song . patricia ( sexy ) come on rock god , fuck I , fuck I good . in slightly ape-like slow motion , he 's wildly thrust at she like a stallion , then reach down , yank out she diaphragm -- hold it to she eye briefly and throw it across the room into the fireplace . jim ( lip out of sync ) I be gonna burn you down . patricia come on ... incant he to climax with celtic word . Jim be wild , reach for the moroccan dagger , hold it to she face as he continue to pump . patricia cut I ! cut I go on ! jim ( knife to she cheek ) nobody would ever look at you again -- ' cept I . I would scar you forever . patricia yeah yeah ! jim awright ! awright ! patricia fuck I ! fuck I !! go on fuck I !!! door song the crystal ship be be fill a thousand girl , a thousand thrill a million way to spend you time when we get back I will drop a line the camera shoot up to the ceiling in a tilting dutch angle as the world come unglue . Jim yell with release . dissolve to : int . photographic studio - new york - another day gloria staver , beautiful 30ish ex - vogue model shoot Jim for she layout . it 's not go well . he 's resisting , the attitude negative to be photograph , compound by the acid it seem he 's on . gloria take off you shirt . jim ( cow noise ) mooooooo !!! gloria ( take he shirt off ) you remind I of a Russian peasant . I see you stand in a wheat field . the pride , the arrogance . you love to look at yourself do not you . you love yourself . ( he 's move , get into it ) ...good ... big cat stalking ... jump cut -- photo go off ... jim start to pout narcistically , Jagger -like , for camera -- a bare - chest pose , long lion 's mane of hair stream down to he shoulder . she 's shoot rapidly talk he through the trip . her sentence fall on separate cut of Jim . as we hear the backbeat of people be strange . gloria ... the camera be like a roulette wheel Jim . it become whoever you want it to be -- a woman you want to seduce , a man you want to kill , a mother you want to upset , a wife you want to lie to or love , whatever you want it to be , it be ... jim ( pausey , paranoid ) where be the Doors . he resist , he go with it , push pull , prowling she loft on the acid , a bottle of cognac in one hand -- change from shot to shot like a chameleon , free , wild , vicious , obscene . gloria forget the Doors . it 's you they want , Jim . you be the Doors . jim ( scared suddenly ) we do everything together . gloria you control the audience , like dog , manipulate they Jim , one picture can control a million people , be anything you want -- growl at they , be ugly , be frighten , be selfish . be man , woman , whild , animal . live , die , return again . anything you want . everything be permit . a weird dance ensue between they -- teasing , entice . he run away , writhes along she wall , be photograph inch by move inch . he crawl to she . she get down with he on the floor , straddle he , photograph . then he straddle she as she shoot he from she back . they kiss , flirt . he growl like a animal ... dive into she closet ... tear open the door , fling away hang clothes , he find she white fur coat and put it on ... jump CUT -- he as he move to she full - length mirror , contort himself . she slide up behind he . gloria go on look at yourself , fall in love with yourself . you be you own audience now Jim . they want you . worship and love and adore you ... a pause . she want he . no longer so cool . gloria ... Jim morrison , the god of rock and cock ... jim I be the snake and you be the lute gloria exactly ... we camera dwell on Jim in the mirror , closer , closer -- the image and the reality , which be which anymore -- where do it end ? the great Jim morrison , the shaman , then pamela , Patricia , gloria , a series of woman who face after face fill the ancient gallery , interchangeable mask as people be strange climax and jim 's face spin out optically to : door song people be strange when you be a stranger face look ugly when you be alone woman seem wick when you be unwanted street be uneven when you be down limbo - magazine cover jim' face on a series of magazine twirling -- " sixteen " , " glamour " , rock magazine , etc. flowering out into : int . downtown loft - new york - night ( winter ) style vampire drink and grope and drug and dance under the staccato blip of strobe light . artist and intellectual , groupy and debutante , everyone on display , as contrive and replicate as one of the Warhol print of elvis or Marilyn and mao on the wall ... fisheye pove -- hearken back to the acid trip -- as jim wander through the dream , drink , smoking , swallow pill . people look at he , talk to he ( ad lib ) but drug distort everything and they voice be foreign , incoherent and they disappear . " people be strange " continue : door song when you be strange face come out of the rain when you be strange no one remember you name when you be strange when you be strange when you be strange int . room - limbo Jim peer into a room somewhere -- one of Warhol 's film be play on a wall -- a man sleep , eat ... a glimpse of vietnam war footage on a tv monitor -- B - 52 drop bomb . a fat little pr man grab Jim 's arm , lean in , distort . pr man ( cool ) you must meet Andy Warhol , Jim . he 's more than a artist . Andy be art . Bright people in America wonder -- do Andy imitate life , or do life imitate Andy . the meeting of two king . yes , come . pamela be suddenly there , laugh , nuttily introduce a handsome strapping tom baker , a charismatic actor , and a count , suave , urbane , on heroin . her voice lose in the jabber -- they name sound as if they be in a bottom of a tank . pamela seem so impressed with the high life of New York . pamela oh Jim this be Tom ... Baker , he 's a actor , he be in Andy 's movie and this be Count ruspoli . he life in Paris , but he 's italian . he 's from a very famous family over there . they be seven hundred year old . count ( italian accent ) hi Jim , you be great ... I see you at ondine 's with Bobby and Jimmy . it ... pr guy stay there , introduce himself to the count . pam ( paw at Jim ) do not you like the way he talk . be not he cool ? jim ( annoyed with Pam ) yeah ... hey what 's you trip ? tom ( cut in ) saw you gig at ' the scene ' . hot ... very hot ... you strung out ? here . try this . ( pill , popper , joint , a drink , all at once ) jim Love you movie man . what a great penis ... Tom be obviously a major druggie . a popper -- joint trade - off go off . ray 's face lean in distort . ray come on , we be split man . dorothy 's wait at the door . we will get a bite at Max 's and ... jim you can not leave . where 's you will to be weird man ? JOHN densmore appear with a waste look robbie who be giggle , high , and with a new girlfriend in tow . JOHN get outta here man . this be fuck weird man . the pr man be still next to Jim , jump up and down excitedly wave across the room at nothing in particular . as the photographer try to get Jim and the Doors in a photo opportunity . pr man right this way Jim . Andy 's in the bedroom . jim ( to ray ) do not go , y'see norman mailer , I hear he 's here ? ray yeah can we meet he , he 's great ... just like he be . ( enamor ) you wanna meet he ? jim ( paranoid ) I do not know ... do he know who you be ? ray yeah sure , he 's cool , come on , he 's you hero ! jim Nah ... later ... a waste , emaciate edie sedgewick type float into Jim 's fracture Pov -- introduce a man with a crew cut and silk suit . edie ( echoey voice ) hey Jim , this be Jake Johnson , you remember Jake Johnson -- the astronaut , he 's just get back from outer space . jake johnson I like the Doors , I like the Doors , I like the Doors . jim I like outer space . Tom Baker bring a tall , incredible look blonde in black leather towards he . tom hey where 's my joint ? ( a roach go back ) there 's this chick sing with the Velvet Underground , Andy 's band . she say she can drink you under the table . they stare at each other like two cat . Eye level stare that go on and on . she finally hiss in a german accent . nico I be nico . it 's boring tonight . some of we be go downtown to a new club . you want to come ? a voice to kill , look to undress , fully as tall as Jim . tom ( distantly hear ) ... elevate you taste in troll man . jim ( to nico who reach for she vodka ) vodka ? Race you . nico you death ... jim ( to Ray and Robbie ) wanna go ?... come on let 's go . robbie she look too freaky to I . nico wait just a minute . as she float away . jim come on there 's pussy Robbie . robbie ( excited ) hey I meet this chick lynne , she want to be alone . lynne be there , pretty , nod to Jim . ray come on Jim , let 's go . jim ( childlike ) do not you guy wanna meet Andy Warhol ? JOHN tell you the truth , I can live without he . he 's a freak . let 's get outta here . we get a show tomorrow . jim come on man ! I think we be gonna be a band , the four of we -- and party all night , rock and roll ! ray ( laugh ) I could never keep up with you Jim . I could not make the music . Jim 's eye briefly on -- pamela giggle with the french Count , put she hand on he arm as she laugh . innocent , nothing mean but a moment ... jim ( desperate mockery , grab Ray ) do not go . do not leave ! you can not leave . I do not know what will happen . it might be death . ray come on Jim , this be not we scene , this people be vampire . we gotta stick together man , the four of we . let 's make the myth man . a moment , strange . slightly slow motion . Ray tapping Jim 's shoulder goodbye ... Robbie and John 's face pass on . as if they be parting -- in a symbolic way . Jim blink in the same slow motion , look . nico be go -- but Tom be there , across the room , wave . the indian shaman look like he 's stand there in a corner . Jim , rip , head for he , but the pr woman cut he off . Jim forget he see the indian . pr man right here Jim , right here . Andy 's wait . you know what you have in common be uniqueness . past more face . the Music have subtly shift to strange day somewhere along the way . door song strange day have find we strange day have track we down they be go to destroy we casual joy we shall go on play or find a new town past a cache of queen in white leather ogling Jim , one of they come over boldly , chat he up ( ad lib dimly hear ) , they grab he crotch and kissing he . Jim rear back , laugh but wary . past the rich lady drip with jewel and face peel from brazilian sleep tank and swiss knife . past a young man dress in Jim morrison leather pants with he hair and eye make - up , a warpe image of Jim , smile back at he . jim ( look for nico ) nico ! int . bedroom - same night a quieter room , drugge out , the pr guy cheerily lead jim , step over sleeping body , over fur coat strewn across the floor ... to a man with white hair like a circus clown , he back to we , talk with some black - tie european aristocrat look so cool . warhol well , it be such a big open , we just have to go to Philadelphia , y'know , you be suppose to , mmm ... pr guy ( but in ) Andy ! Andy ! andy turn at the interruption . he look like a chic voodoo doll . holding a incongruous gold telephone in he arm like a teddy bear . slightly slow mo as Warhol 's black empty eye confront Jim -- a pit of nothingness in they , amnesia , death . in Jim 's slow motion reaction we read what he see . Andy go on with he story , to the group that include tom baker . andy ... but so many people show up , the painting be get crush , so they take they all down ... um , it really look great y'know ... maybe uhhh ... ( long pause ) pr man ( cut in ) ... the wall . the blank wall . Andy be the art . should do a show . just wall . today it 's really about people , not what they do . it 's the astronaut that matter , not the voyage , the actor , not the movie -- how do I say , it 's the trip , not arrive . Andy be look at Jim . Jim at Andy . pr man ( babbling on ) ... you know what Andy say , some day everybody 's gonna be famous for 15 second , but it will not mean anything . baker that 's too short . I need a coupla hour . they laugh . Andy 's eye hide , face as white as styrofoam . andy we would just love to have you in we movie Jim , you be so beautiful , you would be so good , you mmmm , here ... this be for you Jim . Andy show he eye , give Jim the gold telephone he 's carry . andy edie give this to I and say mmmmm , I could talk to God with this . but I do not really have anything to say . so ... mmmm now you can talk to God . oh hi ! vanish , wave to somebody else . Jim hold the phone . door song strange day have find we and through they strange hour we linger alone nico reappear wave at he to come quickly . nico morrison ! ext . new york STREET - night ( winter ) snow on the street ... a group of druggies staggering in the snowbank , throw snowballs , stupid giggle , wheeze puff of cold air ... Jim throw the golden telephone into the trash and pee on it . Iris shot continue -- pamela laugh battily with tom baker who 's put the make on she ... the count be on heroin . jim pass a vodka bottle back and forth with nico hit a stash of up . they fall in the snow , mad Russian winter . door song body confuse memories misus as we run from the day to a strange night of stone ( song repeat over ) int . HOTEL corridor ( regency ) - that night black &amp ; white Iris shot continue -- imagistic , disassociative . a long corridor -- couple staggering down the red carpet , champagne bottle in hand . the count get lose . pam laugh -- suddenly alone , notice , go look for Jim ... float down this endless corridor with white door and red carpet . int . elevator nico stripping ... a superb body ... riding the floor ... Jim take a amyl nitrate with she ... laugh ... nico with that craze german laugh ... pamela push the elevator button wildly ... the elevator open on she . from pamela 's Pov -- nico down on she knee , she blonde head bury in Jim 's leather pants ... Jim pin against the back wall , smile dopically , eye barely register Pam ... who scream loud and long , hide he eye ... not want to know ... the image faster and more fragment : Pam beat at Jim wildly . he 's laugh . nico 's laugh . the aristocrat in the hallway be laugh . the world be laugh with its madness . door song strange day have find we strange day have track we down int . new haven concert hall - night ( 1967 ) a eager rowdy crowd chant door ! door ! door ! door ! to a stage without the Doors . techies be move amplifier , run sound check , stalling time , the manager siddon gaug the crowd , nervous . rich girl and local honchos have backstage pass . cop crawl over the stage , the promoter of the concert try to get the crowd attention . techie ( at mike ) test one -two-three . test . promoter ( on mike ) look , the Fire Marshall 's not gonna let the show go on . either you go back to you seat , you go to the aisle , you do not do that -- no show ! crowd ( push towards stage , no aisle ) door ! door ! door ! ( turn to ) morrison ! morrison ! morrison ! int . backstage corridor - same night the sound of the crowd pound through the hallway . camera follow jim read a magazine article , accompany by patricia kennealy -- past the techies , turn to look -- they go into empty shower room . int . shower room - same night the crowd noise still carry , echoing . jim lead patricia to a quiet , isolate stall where they can be alone . tapping the magazine , sincerely move by what he read . jim " Lord Byron " ? really . you think ? you like the poem ? patricia like ? I love they ! " mad bad and dangerous to know . " that 's what they say about he . you poem should be take as seriously . jim this be the kindest word I have ever hear in my life . no one have ever understand . thank you . ( then ) maybe I should always fuck my critic . patricia y'know I do not even like rocker . they be sleazy . I make up my fuck list the other night -- out of 30 guy there be maybe three of they , y'know . I be not a groupie . jim ( hotter , grab she ) let 's do it , here , now ... with the sound of the crowd . like Nuremberg , wild german fuck . patricia you like that hunh ? beg ! jim I be begging ! I be begging you ! patricia you wanna fuck I , morrison , do not ever lie to I again . ever ! jim about what ! patricia you father . why do you tell I bullshit like you father 's dead ? jim ( piss ) what 's you problem with father ! they be dead , both of they , I tell you . patricia if he 's so dead , then who answer the phone when I call the house ? Jim -- a look , strike . patricia ( know look ) you do not really think you would get away with that , morrison . a Admiral in the United States navy . who 's at the Gulf of tonkin when Vietnam start . you dad 's a deputy Chief of Operations . jim what would he say ? that be really stupid . why do not you just ask I . patricia well naturally he be not too happy when I call . you Mom want to talk but he shut she off . jim you be a fuckin ' cunt . you could ruin he career if ... patricia what , I be a " fuckin ' cunt " because I call the house ? like it 's hard to trace you school record . University of Florida , albuquerque , New Mexico , Arlington , Virginia , Washington , D.C. brother , sister , it 's seven mile long baby -- it 's all in the " the end " , it 's so easy . finger he pants , she hand slip inside . teasing , dominate he . her dark side radiant . patricia do not ever try to hide anything from I again . okay ? go on ... tell I . do he make you cut you hair ? do he hit you , be he a bully ? do he love you ? how much ? Jim describe a small space between thumb and forefinger . patricia and you mother ? Jim make a little larger space . jim ( pause ) I do not want to talk about it . hate be a very underestimate emotion . his look be right at she . silence . Patricia know he will not talk . through the pause we hear the crowd chant , bigger and bigger -- " morrison morrison morrison ! " she 's excited , want to make love here , now . he 's cool out , however . patricia it do not matter anymore do it . listen to they . it 's you they want now . not the Doors , not you mother or you father 's child ... they want you Jim . Jim shake he head , weary . suddenly he 's scared inside . jim you be wrong . what they want I can not give ... my death -- rip to piece -- do you feel they power ? ( the noise pound ) patricia you have no choice , Jim . I see you up there like icarus . I see you fly closer and closer to the sun . and you wing be melting ... jim I want to live , Patricia . I do not wanna die . Jim 's ironic eye , to the ceiling . Laden with a power to which he have marry himself yet brave , resisting as she pull he zipper down and go to she knee in front of he . shake he head . jim Patricia ... Patricia ... a beefy cop stand there look at they , cop whatcha do there ? jim uh ... nuthin ' cop ( approach , suspicious ) okay , outta there both of you . no one 's allow backstage . let 's go . patricia you idiot , do not you know who ... jim hey , I be with the band man . it 's cool . take it easy . the cop have no patience , grab jim by the arm and pull . jim shove he off . the cop push back . a shove match . cop let 's go . now ! you be both under arrest . jim ( point to he crotch , angry ) hey , eat it man ! the cop whip out a black can from he belt , spray Jim . jim mace ! shit ! ( in pain ) Patricia scream at the cop grab jim , propelling he violently out the stall of the bathroom . int . backstage corridor - same night patricia help ! they get Jim !!! jim why would you blind I man ? you blind I ! siddon and ray run up with roadies and other . siddon what the hell happen ! ( to Jim ) do not touch Jim . get some water . do not touch you eye . jim ( in pain ) I be blind man . I be mace . cop ( realize ) hey all he say be ... siddon he be what ! he 's Jim morrison for chrissake . Jim , Jim -- you okay -- let 's get you under the water here . do not touch , you will be okay . cop 2 come up . cop 1 I be go to have to issue a warrant for he arrest . siddon be you nut ! ( block they ) jim guide back into the shower stall by he entourage , eye blind as oedipus , start to laugh . a black irish laugh . Ray look on patricia in the hallway . a beat , sense what happen . ray why do not you leave he alone lady , he do not need more shit in he life . patricia what do you know what Jim need ? a precise military drum beat hit as we launch into " the unknown soldier " . door song ... hup two -- three -- four ... company halt ! int . new haven stage - that night the door on stage , jim - eye mask , face death at a mock execution , in full black leather armor . door song present arm !... the famous drum roll , tension building . sudden sound of guitar . Jim crumple to the ground . blood shoot from he mouth . jim &amp ; door make a grave for the unknown soldier nestled in you hollow shoulder the unknown soldier practice as the news be read Television child dead bullet strike the helmet 's head it 's all over the war be over ! the audience be enrapt . Jim suddenly jump up , loose the blood curdle scream of a arouse demon and the band bang into Willie dixon 's back door man . jim &amp ; door oh yeeeeaaaahhhhhhhhhh ! ayyyyyyaaaaammmmaaa back door man . the fan go wild , to the farthest reach of the arena , as he grab he crotch and shake it at they . instamatics flash rapidly as the kide press forward at Jim fondle the mike stand , slide up and down its smooth shaft . jim &amp ; door well the man do not know but the little girl unnerstan ' ... joint sail onto the stage at he foot , ready to be smoke . a teenage boy &amp ; girl make a break through the cordon of cop at the front of the stage , head for Jim . the cop chase they down mid-stage , and wrestle they back to the edge -- throw they back into the audience . jim &amp ; door when all the good people be try to sleep I be out there make my midnight creep yeah , cause I be a backdoor man the man do not know but the little girl unnerstan ' ... danger fill the air , electric . Jim strutting , indian like , up to one of the cop , whipping off he hat and flipping it to the crowd , which roar with approval . a couple cop look at Jim , sense they be be challenge but not sure how . they shuffle and look offstage for direction . they apparent impotence bring redouble jeer from the kid . ray , next to he stick of incense on the organ , share a look with JOHN as they head into the instrumental break in the song . there 's something different about Jim -- more demonic , more drive -- a spirit have take he over . ray' Pov -- jim catch he look , but no recognition in that eye . they be dark pool , like Warhol 's eye . he turn away , take the mike and off the cuff rapping improvisationally with the backbeat , keep poetic meter . jim I wanna tell you ' bout something that happen just a few minute ago right here in New Haven . this be New Haven be not it ? New Haven , Connecticut , United States of America ? the crowd yell in acknowledgement , one stone teenager naked from the waist up and rip on beer , yell out . heckler hey morrison , be the West really the best or be you just stone on weeeeeedddddd ?????? voice be ( annoying ) " Light my Fire " . sing " Light my Fire " . yeah . give we Light my Fire !... ( giggle ) we want Mick Jagger ! take you clothes off Jim . show it to we ! we want the lizard King ! Jim ignore it , sit on the stage , light a cigarette . Long pause , tension building . they catcall for " Light my Fire " die out as Jim face they down . they wait ... not know what happen next . jim ( finally ) well I be with this girl backstage , y'know . we get to talk and we want some privacy , so we go into this shower stall . we be not doin ' anything y'k now jes ' stand there and talk . the audience laugh , the band continue to play , John add emphasis to Jim 's word with various shot and roll . camera move over the crowd pick out the kide , sense the anarchy dormant in they face . jim ... and then this little man come in there , this little man in a little blue suit and a little blue cap ... more cop turn to face Jim from front stage , get the point now . ray see it come ... jim ( redneck voice ) and he say -- " whatcha doin ' there ? " I say , " nuthin ' " and he say , " well you better get outta there or ... " " or what " I ask he ... the audience have now grow deadly silent . nearly every cop be face jim as he use he dumb southerner voice . ray 's eye warning jim . jim and he start push I and I push back and he do not like that so he reach back there and get out he little can of mace . and spray it right in my eye . and blind I . why ? Cause I be alone in a room with a lady do what he would like to be do if he could ever get it up without a gun . the light come on suddenly , the audience seethe . shout of " fuck they ! right on ! " jim in the United States of America . land of the free . Home of the brave man -- in God we trust right ? turn off the light . crowd roar . a police lieutenant in he 50' , grey hair , beefy , march out onto the stage , stand next to Jim , arm akimbo . a second cop join he . Ray roll the music out into a silence as Jim stick the mike in the officer 's face , defiantly . jim say you thing man ! more cop come out , snatch the microphone , as Jim flash the audience a " touchy be not they ? " shrug . lieutenant Young man you have go too far . the show 's over . you be under arrest . two more cop move on Jim , pin both he arm and drag he off stage . JOHN ( scared ) they be gonna beat the shit out of he man ! ray move to intercede with siddon and roadies . jim ( resisting ) hey ... hey ! hey ! Ray and siddon be push aside by other cop . the crowd be go nut . chair be throw . kid rush onto the stage where the cop beat they back . anne be write it all down on she notepad . a certain satisfaction and joy at the unfold of this event . int . backstage staircase - same night jim be drag roughly down a flight of stair . jim get you hand off I slave ! ext . arena parking lot - same night jim be wrestle across the lot , pin to the car and handcuff , punch and throw into the car , yell . journalist try to intercede , one be also arrest . jim you 're slave . you 're all a bunch of slave . this isn't happening to I man , this be happening to you !!! int . holding room - police station - that night jim be spreadeagled against the wall , a dignify , defiant look on he face . cop 1 ( come in ) hey whatcha get here ? a boy or a girl ? cop 2 ( come closer to Jim ) what do you care . you be gonna fuck he anyway ... okay rock star , let 's see the backdoor you keep bawling about . ( stretch he ass cheek ) where 's the roach powder ? cop 1 ai not he the prettiest long - haire boy y'ever see ? cop 2 ( reach for a can ) turn around rock star . as Jim defiantly do so , cop 2 loose a big cloud of roach powder into he long hair . cop 2 ( back off ) stand clear , who the hell know what 's live in there ? all during this , snicker laughter from the onlook half - dozen police officer gather to watch . Jim wait , then with great claim , in a quiet voice : jim you finish ? you sure you be finish ? have not you forget something -- the consolation prize they give ya for take you cock and ball ? the gun . why do not you use they you withere dick ! you shit - eat red-neck chickenshit bastard , I hope this make you worthless life ... as he 's smack by cop 2 , send he sprawling into the wall ... jim ( on the floor , quiet ) you better kill I cause I be gonna come back and fuck everyone of you daughter ... ext . police station - that night a snowball smashes against the glass . cop come out with stick . a riot brewing . a hundre teenager sallying back and forth on the sidewalk , taunting the cop . a dozen of they have already be arrest . kide let jim go !!! morrison ! morrison ! we want morrison ! cop get outta here ! go home . go on now ! cop chase the kide with stick . but just as it look like it 's go to get out of hand , jim appear at the door of the station , step out between ray and the door and siddon . he signal he freedom , arm in the air . crowd mor-ri - son ! mor-ri -son ! mor-ri-son ! Jim wave , do a small pain victory jig in front of the thwart gestapo , ribcage and spleen hurt . crowd jim jim jim jim jim jim ... ray ( aside to Robbie ) he could go all the way man ! in five year he could be in the White House . another JFK . Robbie 's look tell we he think Ray be as much catch up in he dream as Jim . CUT to : flashbulb hit we full frame as : int . mug shot - limbo a reminder of the reality as the thud of a clanking gate shut . morrison 's profile , dishevel hair -- he glare angrily . flash ! frontal shot , slate Police dept -- New Haven conn -- 23750 -- 12-10-67 . a sullen handsome portrait . int . recording studio - ( last session ) - los angele night ( 1970 ) jim drink ... a ugly cough . silence . in this puffy wrack and ruin there be still the ironic tone and sweet delight of the boy amaze and amused by it all . we hear the ghostly crowd still cheer . jim I drink so I can talk to asshole . this include I . let 's just say I be testing the bound of reality -- that 's - all -- I be curious ... I kinda always prefer to be hate . like erich von stroheim in the movie ... the man you love to hate ... it 's mean to be ironic , courage want to laugh . y'know it 's essentially a stupid situation . I go out on a stage and I howl for people . in I they see what they want to see -- some say the lizard King , whatever that mean , or some black - clad leather demon whatever that mean ... but really I think of myself as a sensitive , intelligent human be but with the soul of a clown which always force I to blow it at the most crucial moment ... ( pause ) a fake hero ... a joke the god play on I ... it 's okay , I accept the joke ... and smile . death old friend , death and my cock , I can forgive my injury in the name of wisdom , luxury , romance . word get I the wound and will get I well . all join now in lament of my cock , a tongue of knowledge in the feathered night . boy get crazy in the head and suffer . I sacrifice my cock on the alter of silence . the engineer look at he puzzle . have Jim lose it ? mike , he friend , be there in the engineer 's booth , with the door 's secretary , leticia , and a elegant mystery woman . they be smoking dope , party . mike hey Jim , how ' bout hit a strip - joint ? it 's get late and we can ... jim Nah , later ... the violent backbeat of the wasp now pick up . jim now listen to this I will tell you about Texas Radio and the big beat soft drive slow and mad like some new language reach you head with the cold sudden fury of a divine messenger let I tell you about heartache and the loss of God wander , wander in hopeless night out here on the perimeter there be no star out here we be stone , immaculate ... but I tell you this : no eternal reward will forgive we now for waste the dawn . ext . los angele - dawn ( 1968 ) jim walk the dawn street . classic image -- jeans , boot , jacket , the sun start to rise on the smog and translucent pink light along Santa monica boulevard outside the cheap Alta cienega Motel where he life ... peace frog shoot we through . door song blood in the street in the town of New Haven blood stain the roof and palm tree of Venice blood in my love in the terrible summer the bloody red sun of phantastic l.a . over the song , a montage of the 60' pass to its darker side . documentary image martin luther king assassinate , bobby kennedy gun down , peggy flemming ice skate at the Olympic ; a quaker burn himself to death protest the war in Vietnam ; B - 52 bomb drop on cambodia ; kent state erupt ; charle manson be arrest . int . barney' beanery - los angele - monday jim -- drink in barney 's bar . headline read : " kansas cop slam door ; concert cancelled , " 2nd headline : " door 3rd album out , sale up , magic down . " dissolve to critic' face . back to Jim 's face . superimposition over it of : news flash lyndon johnson 's dog face on tv withdraw : nixon wave as he win ' 68 ; rowen and Martin 's laugh in ; columbia student take over ; 3rd headline : " morrison busted in vega " . martin luther king go down again ; nixon win ; massive anti - war protest in Washington ; float space ship in " 2001 " ; B - 52 sailing over Vietnam 4th headline : " door provoke chicago riot " -- again and again , faster , faster . door song blood be the rise of mysterious union ! there 's blood in the street &amp ; it 's up to my knee she come blood in the street of Chicago she come blood on the rise and it 's follow I just about the break of day ( etc ) the river run red down the leg of the city she come the woman be cry red river of weep the montage collide into a ecu on jim -- drink as if to silence the image , the sound we hear and see on he face . spirit cry for release . in alcoholic solace . he pass out , head hit the bar . Jim 's English friend , mike , walk in , throw a harsh shaft of LA morning light across the dark bar and jim 's face , bleary eye , pass out on the counter . he have a drink paunch . with he be tom baker , " tom " , the actor from the Warhol scene in New York and a huge biker type drinker name dog , one of Jim 's roadmen , a beard fan he chest , tattoo everywhere . in the front of this three monolith be about twenty beer bottle , numerous Jack Daniels bottle emptied and a lesbian bartendress pour up a breakfast shot of bloody mary ... Mike hand Dog a breakfast in a brown paper bag . mike Morning . pour I breakfast delore ... delore pour the bloody mary . as Mike scoff at Jim pass out . mike whatsa matter with jimbo ? can not handle it huh ( study the beer bottle for leftover ) tom pussy whipped , man ... dog reach in , drag Jim 's face up by the hair . stick Mike 's greasy egg and bacon in front of Jim . dog hey Jim , come on babe , eat this . . . one last place to go . Ray 's get it on . Jim be suddenly alert -- a instant and surprising transformation , without hangover , eager eye . jim ( sparkling ) alive she cry ! right Dog , another cubic centimeter of chance ( slap Dog , notice the egg , queasy ) ugh , I can not eat this stuff , it will really make I sick . gimme a do equis will ya delore ? and a Ramos gin fizz with it . tom fuck man do you fade or what , we be on a " death run " up to the 9000 building after the gig , you bet I a grand you would walk the ledge . jim ( instantly ) let 's go ... right now ! tom then mumble about " gotta go home , sanctuary , " pussy whipped . we be gonna film it ! a thousand buck ! ( to delore ) give he a double . jim a triple , Tom , shem and shaun ... tom ... imagine I and morrison in a fuckin movie together , can you imagine two powerful two - fisted irish fuck drink guy in a movie , in a documentary movie !! mike I will direct the shit out of it , man . Dennis Hopper can do it , I can do it . jim ( drink the fizz down ) ... all of we direct it ! in black and white . call it " Zero . " a real road movie ! two of this ( point to drink ) you feel a lot better . as he piss on the floor next to the bar stool . dog whatcha do ! oh fuck . delore fuck you morrison . you be outta here you fuckhead , get out ! dog ( lift Jim out of there ) come on jimbo , one more place to go . Ray 's get marry man , this morning , remember ! you be the best man . tom fuck Ray -- fuckin pollock all he care about 's money . fuckin sell out . you sell out too man . the last album 's shit , and lemme tell ya something , people know it . mike ( defend Jim ) come on Baker , lighten up . jim that 's all right . I like it ( that dopey smile ) dog ( to Jim ) come on man , toe the line . boot to the pavement . let 's walk . omit sequence omit from original script . ext . santa monica boulevard - same morning jim , loose , wander right into the traffic , wave to anybody , try to hitch a ride . dog and the other go after he . Jim see slip a tablet from he pocket into he mouth . jim ( to no one in particular ) I love L.A. -- the best neon . City of night ! City of Light ... why be you go to work ? you be not slave , you be free , car , you be free ... tom catch up to he . tom awright shaddup morrison , just cause you do not gotta work . ( go into he pocket ) give I some of you money , asshole , and I will yell anything you fuck want . mike ( come up ) what be that speckle motherfucker you just take ? give I some ! jim ( yield , to Tom ) you gotta fail to succeed Tom , gotta surrender to the wait tide . move through traffic . horn honk , incessant insanity . ext . pacific palisade - same morning ray and dorothy take they vow in front of a hippie priest . robbie and JOHN and they wive - to - be , and other from the band look on . pamela be all deck out in she best , wedding clothes , red satin from Morocco , five - inch clog heel , flower in she hair . look around piss as : hippie priest ( ad lib ) awright , the vibration be right now , I feel peace and love here today , I feel a grooviness come on , do you Ray manzarek take you lady love ... ( etc. ) fill the white wing of death , scatter you ash forever ... jim slink up through the tree , alone , quiet , change face to face they as summer' almost gone play sinuously . door song summer 's almost go where will we be when the summer 's go ? ray ( aside ) where the fuck you be man ? jim man , I be here all the time ... over there watch . I be really happy for you Ray you find life ... he smile innocently . Ray , a beat , turn away . Pam come over , squeeze he hand , sweetly , no fight today , she 's he lady . int . country store - laurel canyon - that day jim , in dark glass , strongly feel the effect of the acid , stare at a box of kellogg 's corn flake , unable to relate . down the aisle pamela , in she wedding clothes , be push a shopping cart , fill with the feast she 's prepare . the store be a haven for hippies from Laurel Canyon , barefoot runaways , biker ... pam Jim , I need some safflower oil . do you think you can find I a bottle ? jim safflower oil , sure . pam and get some gravy train for Sage . jim ( obediently ) yes . pam I will meet you up front . Jim look , zombie-like for the food . people of course stare at he , know who he be . timecut to : at the check - out counter , the food be tallied up , jim spot he face plaster on the cover of something like the " L.A. free PRESS " -- " rock's bad boy go soft -- what' happened to the revolution ? " pam Jim you get any cash ? seek in he pocket -- nothing but a credit card and a rumple old dollar bill ... the face of the hippies look at he . with one of the magic marker on the counter , he draw in he beard on he cover shot . door song Morning find we clearly unaware noon burn gold into we hair at night we swim the laugh sea when summer 's go where will we be ext . jim &amp ; pam' house - laurel canyon - day pam and jim and the labrador sage trudge up a hill carry the grocery to they modest little house tuck into a hill of dangle eucaplyptus tree . we sense a community of artist , hippie , volkswagen . pam it 's only another $ 95,000 but I could get the best clothes . from India , Morocco Jim , clothes you can not find anywhere , we could get the richest people to come , mile Davis , cher , the Stones , it 's gonna be the best boutique on La cienega Jim ... why be we walk , how come we do not have a car ? jim ... cause you lose it . it 's fun to walk , be not it . pam ... that be month ago . we get another car . jim which car ? pam the red one with the black interior . remember it be a shift and I do not like it . what happen to it ? jim oh yeah ... I wreck it . pam oh Jim ! damn ! where 's the gravy train ? whatsamatter ? what be you on ? you promise you would not drink today . jim no ma I be not drink . pam you be not gonna drink any more be you Jim . jim no ma I be not . pam and you be gonna change that stinky leather you be wear for three week . jim I do not know ' bout that . pam what the hell be you on ? jim uh -- just some low grade acid . it 's not heavy . ( whisper ) Pam , read my mind . pam Jesus Jim ! goddamit ! you promised . I make the duck ! people be come ! Ray and dorothy think we be flaky enough and I ... you say you would wait till after , you be go to peak before I . jim hey it 's okay , it 's okay ... come on , we will trip and then eat we feast . pam yeah sure . put down the bag at they porch , pause . he move to she , kiss she , conciliatory and gentle . jim come on baby , y'know it 's a good thing for Ray and dorothy I think woman be such noble creature -- they carry on you name with dignity after you die . ( spawn like minnow ) pam what be you say ? you wanna marry I Jim ? jim ( elusively ) I think woman basically have a comic approach to life -- I mean how can they not when they look up in the dark and see a dangle penis , seek entry . it look like a face y'know -- little beard " hi mom " ( Pam giggle now ) I wanna get inside you . look around . ( hum ) " do the funky chicken , do dah , dah , funky chicken do da da " love my girl " -- she 's crack up now . as he take the acid out , hold it in front of she like a sacrament . jim let 's go wild child , let 's get out there Romeo and juliet , Marilyn Monroe and Vincent Van gogh , Jim and Pam , rock and roll ( a poem ) ... all the poetry have wolf in it , but one Pam -- the most beautiful one of all -- dance in a ring of fire and throw off the challenge with a shrug as she take the tablet on she tongue , swallow . pam ( romantic ) I like it when you sing to I jim ' cause I be the poet and you be my muse strain of you're lost , little girl drift in , set a more ominous tone . int . jim and pam' house - laurel canyon - that day the food be laid out , the duck cooking ... but no one be there as we move across this tastefully decorate house to pamela in the live room , rattle , obsessively go through Jim 's papers . people be knock at the door . guest look through the window , tapping . a giant poster of Marilyn Monroe frame pamela . pam what be I go to do about this papers ! Jim , Jim -- you really need someone to organize this stuff . you handwrite 's just like a little kid . Jim be somewhere else -- pull out the duck which be totally char black . he laugh . pam my God look at this . I wonder if William blake be ever this disorganize . ray and dorothy walk in . robbie and JOHN general commotion . dorothy immediately see the duck , run to it ... dorothy oh the duck ! jim ( come over ) get some drink , man . over there ( get Pam 's attention ) Pam ! pam I be gonna be you editor now , seriously I be go to organize all you stuff . I be gonna take out all the fuck word . door song you be lose little girl you be lose little girl you be lose , tell I who be you ? people be introduce themselves , come in from all over , like in a shoebox . hippies . Doors people ... now tom baker with mike and dog ... now a aggressive Chuck Berry type black singer with John 's girlfriend . then a timothy leary look - alike appear . chatter blend everywhere as we build to a vast confusion at Jim and Pam 's party . jim let 's go wild child , let 's get out there Romeo and juliet , Marilyn Monroe and Vincent Van gogh , Jim and Pam , rock and roll ( a poem ) " clothed in sunlight restless in want dying of fever change shape of a empire vast promissory note of joy how it have change you how slowly estrange you solely arrange you beg you for mercy " as she take the tablet on she tongue , swallow . jim ( cupping she chin ) Pam ... honey , you be try too hard . pam I be not -- I be not . jim ( soft , reassure ) yes you be . pam there 's some great poetry here Jim , some wonderful idea . jim yeah but nobody want to read poetry anymore , nobody care , it 's not like important y'know . just put it away . not right now . pam ( lose ) but what be I suppose to do ? how do I fit in ? who be I suppose to be around all this people ? the french count come in now , from the Warhol party in New York . they be look at she , embarrassing as everyone overhear . count darling pamela , I bring you a little something . jim ( ignore it ) you be my girl , that 's who ... pamela ( laugh insanely ) I be not you girl , do not give I that shit . I know you fuck everything that touch you . only in life would anne o'riordan walk in at this precise moment , a smile on she face . Ray 's eye roll . anne hi Jim ... ( wait for the introduction to Pam ) jim ( to pamela ) all right so I do . I live my life the way I want . I do not want anyone expect anything from I -- include you ! you do not like it then get the fuck out ! ( to Anne ) oh hi Anne . you know Pam ? she 's a little piss off right now but ... ray okay Jim let 's eat that duck . dorothy ( calming pamela ) come on Pam , let 's put out the plate ... pamela ( stunne , push through to Anne ) Anne o'riordan . be you Anne o'riordan ? anne you must be pamela pamela ( eyeing she up and down through she tear ) you actually put you dick in this woman Jim ? jim well I ... sometimes yeah pamela ( condescending to Anne ) I understand ... I really do but do not ever think that Jim 's gonna love you or take care of you . you be one of a hundred you know Anne uncomfortable , Jim get piss . jim hey -- do not you know when to stop ! pam look who 's talk anne I would like to think Jim can make up he own mind who he love and who he do not . pamela do not kid yourself sweetheart , Jim 's crazy but he 's not that crazy . he love I . robbie Jesus , it 's not gonna be one of this dinner be it Jim ? how ' bout some turkey ? baker Love it !! Far out . dorothy yes , let 's go into the kitchen . the duck 's ready . John 's girlfriend be try to introduce the black singer to Jim . girlfriend ( anxious ) Jim , you should meet Chuck Vincent . he come specially to meet you . jim ( deeply surprised ) oh yeah -- Chuck . you be my idol man ... since I be 12 . the best man ... chuck vincent be suddenly there in Jim 's face , bulg eyeball . chuck vincent so you the white boy makin ' all that money . jim I still can not hold a candle to you . chuck vincent hey everybody Chuck Vincent 's here . yo sho can not boy , I be not hear much of yor stuff . what I do hear do not show I much . robbie ( insulted ) so fuck you man ... jim ( laugh ) Chuck Vincent man ! no. he 's right ... Chuck Vincent 's here , everybody , Chuck Vincent . chuck ai not no honkey ever gonna sing the blue , you be not be there . where that turkey at ? the char turkey be be carve up . a moment of peace , then : pamela walk up to Jim with a bowl of sweet potato in she arm , a announcement . pam I just have one thing to say to you -- you 've ruined another thanksgive jim morrison !! jim it 's not Thanksgiving honey . as she throw the sweet potato right at he , spraying everybody . Jim laugh nuttily , the Count wiping the potato off . Pam rush now for the turkey to throw , Jim chase she . pam ( freaking out now ) you bastard ! you ruined my duck , you kill my duck !!! blood blood blood razor razor everywhere ! throw the turkey at Jim , smear everything , everybody . count pamela , bella , please behave hunh ... va fanculo Jimmy , what the hell do you give she she do not want the Count 's solace , throw he off . pam get out !!! patricia leave now , cover with turkey sauce . patricia see you later . jim ( to the Count ) she 's work it out , man , it 's okay ( go to console she ) pamela , pamela ... come on baby , it 's all right , shhh . hungarian gypsy folk music play madly from the tape deck . John fiddling with it , nervously . pam bloooooooddddddd ! deeathhhh ! stop the bleeding jesus . i'm dying help meeeeee ! jim push ! push ! it be a boy ! they struggle , she go for the carve knife , dorothy and Ray try to restrain she . other guest keep talk as if thing be quite normal . Pam break through dorothy -- come after Jim pam raaaazoooor !!! raaaazizirs and duckkas ! this shaman shit be bullshit ! fuck you and you dark ride !! he grab she wrist just in time , equally insane now -- a comic glow in he face . jekyll and hyde . jim oh murder ? murder ??? you wanna do some murder ray jim ! come on . get a hold of yourself ! tom , dog &amp ; mike ( jump in ) murder !!! yeah !... where 's my camera ! a ball of people wrestle across the kitchen floor , upsetting the table and the remainder of the dish , a carve knife at stake in the air ... Jim finally wrestle the knife away and hold it over Pam . jim you wanna know what murder be . you wanna feel death ... here ! ( force the knife back into she hand ) murder I ! feel what it's like ! go ahead . gimme some death !!! ( kneel at she foot ) she explode inward , a bloodcurdle shriek . the knife clatter from she hand . pam you you you !!!! you kill my duck ! you kill my duck !! Jim laugh insanely . jumping up and down on the duck . ray grab he , angry . jim i'm still killing you duck !!! fuck !!! murder death !!! the duck be dead . ray jim !! will you stop this shit will you stop !! will you get sane !! jim ( explode out of he grasp ) don't tell I what to do !! ever !! ever !! a silence . Robbie ... John ... they woman ... they start exite . tom &amp ; mike ( to ray ) yeah fuck off man ! Ray about to lose he temper with Tom , check it . chuck vincent ( to John 's girlfriend ) this party 's gettin ' low rent . let 's go babe . exiting with the other Doors ... Dog pick the duck up from the floor . dog hey , fuck he , let 's eat this thing . pamela be sobbing , in a quiet bewilder voice , repeat to herself . pam what the hell 's happen to we Jim ? what the hell be happen to we . there 's some great poetry ... on Jim ... sadden . door song you be lose little girl ( 2 ) you be lose , tell I who be you ? int . tunnel - outdoor theatre - night the backbeat of not to touch the earth as a documentary film crew , move past we direct by mike and dog and tom shoot past we , sun gun , nagras ( " Rolling ! speed ! " ) then ... a mad rush of hand and scream as shape whip by under swinging light - bulb -- big black bodyguard , six or seven of they , bull they way through the grasp face , as morrison appear ... camera swinging wildly with he to reveal : ext . arena - ( any CITY ) - night thousand of fan roaring " door ! door ! door ! " voice ( loudspeaker ) lady and gentlemen , from Los Angeles California -- the door ! siddon ( in crush ) Jim ! you Mom 's here with you brother . what do you want I to do with them ? jim ( shake he head ) hide I !!! hard CUT to : madness . cop lining the edge of the stage , look worried . as Jim throw he leather jacket into the cheer crowd and do the ghost dance around the microphone , indian style , one foot , resurrecting the dead , the power of the circle . the stage be bottom light , dantean in look . the Doors casting giant shadow of heroic proportion . dea agent in suit and short hair take photo from the front of the stage , clipboard in hand . blocked by a row of cop , it be impossible for Jim to communicate with he audience . jim &amp ; door there 's be a slaughter here do not stop to speak or look around you glove and fan be on the ground we be get out of town we be go on the run and you be the one I want to come not to touch the earth not to see the sun nothing leave to do but run , run , run let 's run , let 's run ... siddon yell at mike , the roadie . siddon vice squad say one more " fuck or shit " they be gonna close we down man . mike stick my dick in they ear ! Jim ignore all this , one hand cup to he ear listen for the sound of the earth , go into a shaman- like state , weird spiralling chord carry over the follow montage of hallucinatory insanity . jim &amp ; door House upon the hill Moon be lie still ... ext . jim &amp ; pam' house - laurel canyon - night a Pov up at the house -- into which jim enter . the light be on . Sage at the door sniff . int . jim &amp ; pam' house - laurel canyon - night jim &amp ; door shadows of the tree witness the wild breeze come on baby run with I run with I , let 's run ... jim' Pov enter the bedroom -- pamela naked in bed with the count , be snort heroin . shadows of the tree and leave blow against the wall . they voice , dim , distant . jim ( ironic ) oh hi ... I do not realize you be entertaining . pam ( stone ) hi. she sit up on the bed , wobbly . the count , more sophisticated in this thing , light a cigarette from the bedside table , revealing heroin paraphernalia . count scusi Jimmy , I hope you be cool about this ... jim ( very cool ) do not forget you smack on the way out . ext . arena - concert Jim 's struggle to break through the barrier of cop . jim ( yell ) the mansion be warm at the top of the hill Rich be the room and the comfort there Red be the arm of luxuriant chair you will not know a thing till you get inside back to : int . jim &amp ; pam' house - night the count be go . jim , icy cold , grab pam by the wrist . jim I tell you about that shit . or be we talk about death choice here ? pam I be just do my thing , just like you say , it 's my thing , why can not I have a thing . ow ! you be hurt I ! jim ( rise anger ) get up . hurt ? you want to know hurt ? let I introduce you to my good friend hurt . he be on she , throw she from the bed . she run and hide in the closet , slamm the door behind she . pam ( scream ) no fuck you ! this be my ... jim ( craze ) ah sanctuary !... a soft place to hide . pam ( inside ) ... from you , you pig ! as he pick up a can of lighter fluid and douse the closet door and the floor . jim I will give you a place to hide forever ! we intercut with pam inside the closet yell for mercy inside . pam jim ! he put a candle to the drench door / floor . jim this be the best part of the trip , honey ... Inside , pam feel the first flame lick up , smoke wafting in . jim leave the house . Pam kick wildly at the door , try to smash she way out as the FIRE crescendo . she finally shatter the frail molding and burst out . ext . jim &amp ; pam' house - laurel canyon - night pam run out into Laurel Canyon like a terrify doe run from a forest fire . song beat not to touch the earth continue . ext . STREET - los angele - night Jim and Mike drive drunk , fuck two black chick . Mike in the back seat . Jim drive the car up onto the grass of a Police Station and plow right into it . ext . boulevard - los angele - night know who 's inside , sufficient be it to see the blue Shelby mustang plow into a telephone pole on Santa monica Blvd . jim &amp ; the door Dead President 's corpse in the driver 's car the engine run on glue and tar c'mon along , we be not go very far to the East to meet the czar ... int . anne's soho loft - new york - night a high priestess , assist by a high priest , conduct a Wicca wedding amidst a set of candle , mixing a few drop of jim and anne 's blood into a consecrate cup of wine , from which they drink . they all wear long black robe , the only light from the candle , stand inside a circle in front of a table with altar , incense , chalice . high priestess ( dimly hear ) ... we worship the ancient force of nature , the triple goddess , the great mother and the Lord , the horn one ... when the vow be take int . limo - day motorcycle escort cop zoom past the limo window on the LA street . int . anne's soho loft - new york - resume night the priestess press the two cut wrist together , bind they with a red cord . high priestess ... it be a blend of soul on a karmi and cosmic plane that affect you future incarnation on this planet . death do not part -- only lack of love -- and the vow be forever in the goddess ' sight . jim &amp ; door ( building faster and faster ) run with I , run with I run with I , let 's run some outlaw live by the side of a lake the minister 's daughter 's in love with a snake Jim faint . ext . door outdoor concert - night jim , mind totally go into he trance , spread he arm like wing , hopping from one foot to the other like a shaman around he microphone , whirling , yell out great reward for the tribe . plentiful antelope , healthy corn . the kid be go wild -- writhe like maenad in he intoxicating embrace . ember from a enormous bonfire drift past the stadium light into the night . but the kide , increasingly frustrated by a barrage of cop , can not see they leader and now push against the cop with the very result the authority seek to repress . jim &amp ; door who life in a well by the side of the road wake up girl ! we be almost home we shall see the gate by morning we shall be inside by evening Sun , sun , sun burn , burn , burn Moon , moon , moon ! ray , go into he own trance , happen to look up from he keyboard . his eye widen . his Pov -- a indian shaman hover over the microphone . cloak in hide , he face obscure by a horn headdress with color tail and feather stream down he shoulder , rattles in each fist , the bonfire glow ... jim &amp ; door I will get you soon -- soooooooon ... sooooooonnnn ... the cop can not hold . teenage SHOCK troops hit the stage , clamber up . the stage become a riot . cop wading in with stick . roadies and bodyguard yanking the musician from they place ... jim ( indifferent , to himself ) I be the lizard King I can do anything as dog haul the shaman king off in a bearhug , smile stone , immaculate . int . alta cienega motel - day start slow close up on jim , he 's cry , he head on a pillow , silent , haunt ... pull out to see the room , no explanation . a tv game show be on , judy , 17 , and she friend , 16 , watch naked , skinny ... , pile of murder magazine and book , clothes , and personal item trash around the thread bare room he call home . she look over at he . judy man wow -- watsa matter Jim ? it be beautiful ... be not it ? Kim ? be not it great ? kim ( 2nd girl , study murder magazine ) it be all right Jim continue to cry . jim ( gently ) hey it 's no big deal . I like to cry when I come . it 's close to death ... maybe you would better go home now before you mama get home . judy she be home Jim ( whisper to Kim who go into bathroom , giggle ) jim what ? judy it 's a secret . jim ( innocently ) you know you have always be good to I in bed Judy . and it be nice of you to bring you friend . I want to keep see both of you but it can not be all the time y'know . it would be a night every few week or so . that 's just the way I be , I be not dependable . I can not be a boyfriend . would you do that ? I mean could you handle it ? that way ? I do not want you to get hurt . judy ( put on a tacky dress ) I already be hurt enuf ' by you Jim , I do not have much to lose do I ? jim ... do you love I ? judy ... yes jim ... well , just think about it awhile . call I when you get you new number ... ( girl 2 come back in , dress ) hey that 's a really nice outfit you be wear , you really have good taste in clothes . how long have you two be friend ? he 's so concerned , so solicitous that both girl crack up laugh . jim ( grin ) what ? a knock at the door . jim come back later ! ( another knock ) who be it ! voice ( slur ) it 's a secret . jim ( recognize it ) why not you come back later . I do not have any clothes on . ext . alta cienega motel room - same day pam 's mascara be run from she eye , begging to get in . the black maid clean the adjacent room overhear , unsurprise . pam Jim , I gotta talk ! let I in please . I gotta talk . jim now Pam sweetheart , I be busy . pamela listen at the door . she 's on the second story of a cheap motel overlook a boring parking lot on the edge of La cienega . pam Jim , I know there 's someone in there , I can not believe you be do this again . you be disgusting . intercut to : int . motel room - simultaneous jim well you see Pam there 's this crazy girl in here , she 's just lie on the bed with she leg open and I do not know what to do . pam fuck you !!! I want to see she . jim ( off ) it 's you cousin lizzie , you do not want to see she . go home . pam we be all sister , let I see she . Jim , ... I get this wonderful leg of lamb in the oven for supper ... and the house be immaculate . Sage be wait . he want you to play with he ... be you come ... jim almost . pam Jim goddamit answer I !! ( no answer , she yell ) jim ! I fucked he to hurt you ! he doesn't mean anything to I !! people in the parking lot look up . a silence be she only response . she wait , turn away from the close door as touch I babe cut in : door song c'mon , c'mon , c'mon c'mon now touch I babe can not you see that I be not afraid int . recording studio - that night in the vocal booth , jim be chugge on a brown paper bag with whiskey in it , croon with heart but the voice be warpe , weak . jim what be that promise you make why do not you tell I what she say what be that promise that she make I be gonna love you till the heaven stop the rain I be gonna love you till the star fall from the sky for you and I ... various people be hang around the studio listen -- a couple of hippie chick , a burn victim with bandage , a charle manson type , a siberian husky , the tim leary type . Paper bag , burger , bottle , California rise , apple juice , hard - boil egg . in the engineering booth . rothchild , the producer , be displease . paul ( to botnick the engineer ) ...fuckin ' neanderthal primadonna be too drunk to see . ( cut the music , to Jim ) cut it ... that be beautiful sweetheat , we have a technical problem , we will take it again from the top babe whenever you be ready . on the floor , the door be depressed . densmore look at morrison , aimlessly , nervously . krieger look tired and beat , take a discreet hit on a joint . Ray scan a art book , patient . densmore what 's he fuck problem ? jim ( equally false ) Paul babe . paul right here baby . jim why do not you suck a fart out of my asshole you slave drive facist motherfucker ! as he stalk out of the booth . rage , near-incomprehensible . a small portable tv set be play the " Dean Martin show " low on one end of the recording console . around the room the detritus of the time -- mailer 's " army of the night " , the Stone 's " beggar 's banquet " , Janis ' " cheap thrill " , traffic , the Band . paul ( exasperate ) I hear the booze , I hear the smoke Jim , I do not hear the voice and babe I do not hear the song ! jim so what be we go to tonight Paul ! 67 take ! it 's stale ! ray ( come in with JOHN ) alright , let 's try something else . jim I wanna sing blue . this stuff get too self - conscious . robbie ( offended ) Cause it 's my song man ? jim ( simultaneous , incomprehensible ) let 's sing " rock be Dead " ! you be all a buncha slave ... " oh come all ye faithful . " paul ( hot ) shut up Jim ! I do not understand ! I do not . what be ya do ! I love you like a brother , I do , but why be you fuck this up . it 's a perfect radio song for chrissake ! no one want to hear the blue anymore ! think like a singer , you be the only baritone crooner we get leave ... Sinatra , elvis , crosby , you be as good as they be , but why be you fucking this up ! why ! pause . Jim 's face darken . something he see on the television . he stop , freeze , sickly . several bimbettes be dance around a shiny new automobile as strain of light my FIRE pop out . jim catchy , you sell it to a commercial ? Ray , siddon , Robbie , John , shuffle for a moment . jim for that ? how much do you get for it ? ray now , Jim ... jim how much ? siddon it be $ 50,000 . you be not talk to we that week and we figgered you ... jim you figure ? what the fuck be this Ray ? ray it 's not like a big deal Jim , the song 's already be commercialize , the money be great . Robbie write the lyric and he do not mind , neither do I , neither do John ... we gotta get to tv . jim what ?... be you say ? be we the Doors ? one for all and all for one ? do you know what you be say to that million of kid ! " just kid , not real " . that 's what you be say . JOHN oh come on man , you think just cause you be the lead man in the band you can run the whole show . jim ( building intensity ) you think I be kid Ray ? ( turn to John ) hey John , that be interesting shoe , you like that shoe ? pamela , look draw and pathetic find this moment to walk into the studio . JOHN ( aggressive ) yeah I do . jim good . then do you want 50 of that shoe ? JOHN no . jim then what do you need more money for ? pause . turn to Ray . jim I be die Ray . I be not kid . maybe you be . but I will tell you something , it 's not about this desire you have man , or money , or this record , it 's about break through be not it ? you just lose something man . ( to all ) we all lose something boy . we lose something . ray I do not think so Jim . there 's a bigger picture here . jim there sure be . in you fuck face ! a small smile flicker Jim 's face as he pick up the small tv and like a quarterback , hurl it , spin end over end from he corner of the Control room towards Ray and rothchild and the Doors . they dive for the floor as it smashes to bit into the wall behind the tape machine . jim ( quietly ) just kid ... ( turn to Pam ) hi Pam . just watchin ' some tv . he seem pleased to distract he anger into she . she do not seem to notice anything unusual go on . the Doors silent , feel Jim 's rage . pam ( pathetic ) I want you to find we Jim . it mean nothing . jim I know . I know . pam you do not have to torture I Jim . let I make it up to you , please ... the other all look away embarrassed . this be certainly a moment the ordinary partner might turn away from pamela , she tear run , but she pathacy , she inability to deal with pain be precisely what move Jim the most -- a side of himself in she -- a ultimate weakness she have , he share . as he go to she , put he arm gently around she . jim it 's alright honey , it 's gonna be alright . you be my girl and that 's the way it 's always gonna stay . pam ( snuggle he , zone ) really ...? jim ( ironic , to the other ) so , let 's keep that money machine roll . come on guy ... rothchild look to botnick and to Ray . but the real look , the unforgive one , be from Jim to Ray who feel it . rothchild douse the light in the studio . paul right on jimbo . time CUT to : overdubb of door song soft parade - Jim 's voice booming through the studio . jim ( recite ) when I be back there in seminary school there be a person there who put forth the proposition that you can petition the Lord with prayer petition the Lord with prayer petition the Lord with prayer petition the lord with prayer rothchild look from he booth across at Jim . his Pov -- only jim be visible . paul where the hell do she go ? in the control booth ray and robbie share a look . the light have be dimme in Jim 's booth , and he 's weaving back and forth a bottle of Ripple in he hand as they kick in with the music . camera close now on Jim in the tender section , on the money . jim &amp ; door can you give I sanctuary I must find a place to hide a place for I to hide ... in the darken booth , pam be on she knee he pants work down around he ankle , caress he , suck he off . pam ( sotto voice ) ... sing to I , Jim , sing to I . jim &amp ; door can you find I soft asylum I can not make it any more the man be at the door the door sense it . rothchild know it , hushed . Magic 's suddenly in the air once more as we jump stanzas to : jim &amp ; door catacomb , nursury bone Winter woman street and shoe , avenue leather rider sell shoe ( the monk buy lunch ) successful hill be here to stay everything must be this way Gentle street where people play welcome to the soft parade but Jim 's voice have now go off key , float carefree , drift -- drift away . rothchild chuckle , philosophically . the Doors in control booth start leave . Robbie go back out to get he personal item . but the overdub still play over the booth as Jim do not realize . we take liberty cut around on the song . jim &amp ; door all we life we sweat and save Building for a shallow grave ( then ) the soft parade have now begin listen to the engine hum people out to have some fun a cobra on my leave leopard on my right the Doors and rothchild all exite , leave botnick the engineer to clean up some technical thing ... and of course the two occupant of the darken booth . jim song ( fiercely ) Calling on the dog ( 5 ) when all else fail you can whip the horse ' eye and make they sleep and cry . the music stop . silence . Inside the booth , two shadow breathe deep , huddle on the floor in each other 's arm . a whisper out of the dark . pam I love you . int . recording studio - last session ( 1970 ) - night jim he head cocked , lose in the memory . jim ( recite ) why do my mind circle around you ? why do planet wonder what it would be like to be you ? all you soft wild promise be word , bird , endlessly in flight be drunk be the best disguise as the body be ravage the spirit grow stronger pause . he cough horribly , the phlegm suck out he chest with a horrid , asthmatic sound which he douse with another cigarette and another shot of whiskey . the bushmills now two third empty . he look over at the mystery woman now beside he at the microphone . mike and the secretary watch . the bored engineer across the darken midnight room yawn . engineer let 's send out for some pizza Jim . jim Nah , how ' bout some taco when we be through ? ( downs another shot , continue ) the world on fire taxi from Africa the grand hotel he be drunk a big party last night back , go back in all direction sleep this insane hour I will never wake up in a good mood again I be sick of this stinky boot do you know we be be lead to slaughter by placid admiral ? and that fat slow general be get obscene on young blood ? do you know we be rule by tv ? ( pause ) slow dissolve begins : jim oh great creator of be grant we one more hour to perform we art and perfect we life the moth and atheist be doubly divine in die we live , we die , and death not end it journey we more into the nightmare we be reach for death on the end of a candle we be try for something that 's already find we ... dissolving to : int . miami auditorium - night ( 1969 ) cramme into every available space of a old seaplane hangar with no seat -- stand room only -- a Mass of kide swelter in the heat , grumble , fan themselves with program as a warm - up band play . in the wing of the stage , a radio dj / critic be recording on tape . it 's the same kid we see long ago at the whiskey backstage , pronounce the arrival of the Doors on the scene . now he 's get a beard , glass , a more cynical face . radio dj / critic ( into microphone ) a hot night in Miami January ' 69 -- every space in the auditorium be consume ... unfortunately the Doors have long since sell out . they have become a act . morrison " fall " off the stage at least every other performance . " the Soft parade " album only confirm the plasticity of they approach . song like " touch I " and " follow I down " be not the Doors we once know . so the question be : why be I here ? be funeral entertainment ? densmore look on from the stage wing , withdraw -- to ray nearby . densmore he be not gonna show ! I know it man . we should fuckin ' go on without he . ray Bill 's with he . they be a hour away , he will get he here . int . new orlean airport bar - same night siddon , the manager tug on morrison who 's get souse with dog , tom , mike , and rothchild the producer . the p.a. system announce the departure of the Miami flight ! siddon goddamit Jim ! we miss one already , we gotta get this one man ! Jim slam have shot glass on the bar . he 's get a beard for the first time , look like a tribal elder . jim more ! mike four more all around and up and down ! as the waitress take the order siddon ( urgent ) no ! CUT em off ! CUT em off ! jim do not be so melodramatic Bill , it 's not fun anymore . dog I can not fly sober . siddon Jim , you do not show for this one , we be dead , the whole group -- no more booking . jim I care . paul come on Jim , we will get fuckin ' laid in Miami . siddon we need the work Jim ! they be make we post a $ 10,000 bond just to show up -- we be the only group in rock - n - roll with a fuck clause ! ( aside to Dog ) get he on the fuckin ' plane . that 's what I pay you for . dog ( to Bill ) you be a awful little guy to be talk like that . jim ( mutter ) chump change , we be work for chump change . siddon look at you , you be a pathetic fuckin ' slob and so be all you friend ! jim I get a idea Bill , you be fire . intercut to : int . miami auditorium - that night the warm - up band be applaud and boo . the crowd resemble a pit of snake , wriggle on top of each other . impatient catcall . int . dressing room - night JOHN listen to them ! they be not come for the music anymore . they be come to see a fuckin ' freak show ! ray you think it 's easy for he . he move leave he 's get vice squad , on the right narc -- and the audience just wait for he to get bust . JOHN he want it ! not we . I just do not fuckin ' get the point anymore . I never do I guess . y'ask I he 's just become a drunken fuckin ' asshole that 's what . and he 's gonna take we down with he . ray compassion be never you forte man . JOHN do not lecture I Mr. philosopher , you never feel a fuckin thing in you life . I love that man . I love what he be . Robbie strum he guitar , break the tension in the room . a lick of " five to one " . robbie it be not the old Jim that 's for sure . I think he 's live for everybody else man and somewhere along the way he 's lose he own self . ray ( almost to himself ) the wine man , the ancient wine . the ancient wine . robbie what ? ray something he once tell we . about dionysos . when the madness take over ... intercut to : omit sequence omit from original script . int . airplane - that night the stewardess , uptight , try a smile at jim , tom , mike all belt in one row . stewardess my name be rita hager and if ... jim if you name be rita , then yor ol man must be ol man rita !! ( guffaw ) tom , mike &amp ; dog ( choruse ) that ol man riva , he just keep roll along ! stewardess Excuse I sir , my father be not my old man . a baby , with she mother , stare at Jim fascinate . he lift he dark glass , wink back at she . timecut to : the stewardess slip the oxygen mask over she face . stewardess in the event of a decrease of pressure , pull the oxygen mask to you ... tom ma ol lady have one of that but she call it a diaphragm when I be eat she out ! dog Nah , it 's a douche bag on a dixie cup . stewardess I be sorry sir , but you be embarrassing I . mike great tit . siddon come on guy , cool it ! other passengers look over . time CUT to : in flight . Dog squeeze from the lavatory and drop a small bar of soap in Jim 's drink . they laugh , push , yell . Jim be smoking a cigar . jim ( teasing to rothchild in the row behind he ) c'mon Paul , you can get we some heroin man . paul ( suddenly serious ) no I can not and I will not . jim why not ? paul Cause I do not want to participate in anything that would accomplish you goal ? jim ( wry ) oh and what be my goal Paul ? death ? paul " death old friend " . jim ( laugh ) wrong . I just want the pure beauty of absolute zero and sing the blue man -- do nuthin , go nowhere , just be . tom with that waistline jimbo you get no choice . jim ( laugh , goodnnnature ) what 's wrong with be a large mammal , a big beast like a tank . I feel great ! dog yeah . what 's wrong with be fat . tom you mean " crawl King flab " ? rock be cock babe and you rock be dyin ' . jim rock be death ! there be no longer belief . hey , I will write poetry and direct movie . tom and what be you offer ? sex ? you can not get it up . salvation ? you can not even save yourself . come on Jim , you be not gonna be remember . jim miss ?... stewardess what do you need ? jim some love . mike they will still be talk about Jim when you be a walk on Baker . I will make you a deal . when you do something , I will criticize it . tom I think you both should take you head out of the toilet bowl . after " Soft parade " you need a album sweetheart . mike you should take it outta you ass . jim the first two novel come along they love you , next few they slam but if you stay around long enough , one day they say , " hey he 's part of the national psyche " . stewardess what be you drink ? mike screwdrive -her. ( lift she skirt ) stewardess ( to siddon ) I be go to have to call the captain if you can not control this people . I guarantee that . tom ( a cruel sarcasm Jim seem to enjoy ) ... if you live long enough , do not kid yourself jimbo -- you be all alone out there , jimbo , cept for I , cause you be too wack out man , they be scared , you be too fuckin crazy . jim ( feign innocence ) I be not mad , Tom . I be only interested in freedom . tom ( the devil ) bullshit ! you be bored , you be not free . you test all the limit , fame , fuck , money , -- whatcha gonna do now jimbo ! when the music 's over , when you be too fat and ugly to get on a stage , whatcha gonna do for act three -- puke on Heaven 's door ? jim listen you two bit fuckin actor , you underestimate the audience . you think they all want a better job , a house , two car , money , that 's what you think but you know what they really want , Tom , in they life , what they really want -- tom tell I . jim ( a whisper ) ... something sacred , that 's what they want , something sacred . Tom spew the content of he mouth all over Jim in response . Jim throw he sandwich back at Tom ... then another drink go ... jim fuck you ignorant devil 's asshole slave ! tom no you . something sacred . my cock be sacred . suck on that ! jim I do not eat shrimp . a full fledge food fight in progress . Dog , Tom , Jim , Mike push and shove . a drink spill over a innocent passenger . dog incoming ! the stewardess come up with the captain . captain all right !! if you young man do not change you attitude right now , when we get to Miami you be go to be arrest . jim yes , sir. ( reflexively ) tom ( salute ) yessir -- you asshole . ext . miami airport - same night plane taxiing up . two police car , red light revolve , be wait . int . plane - same night pilot escort four FBI agent aboard . captain as captain of this ship I be place all four of you under arrest . the FBI will ... mike for what ! what would we do ! tom read I my rights , motherfucker ... motherfuckin bull ! jim stunne in he drunkenness . siddon and rothchild protest ad lib . int . miami auditorium - that night the crowd be heckling a long -haire hippie in a leather hat who cradle a live , snow - white lamb tell he to " get off " , scream ad lib for the " door , door , door !! jim jim jim !! " hippie look at this thing ! look at this beautiful little live thing !! how can you eat it !! how can you eat its flesh ??? catcall . angry fist pound the edge of the proscenium . body push and pack against each other . if Hieronymus bosch have paint a rock concert , this would be it . hippie love animal , don't eat they !!!! ( boos ! ! ) int . backstage - that night excitement . everybody move fast ... ... as jim , dark sunglass and beard , surround by two FBI agent and he bodyguard move toward the stage , two hour late . siddon with he argue ad lib with ray and the promoter , a southern sleazeball with long muttonchop and velvet shirt and bead . a mess -- the crowd chant door ! door ! door ! door ! siddon ( scream at promoter ) what the fuck happen to the seat !! ( grab he ) what 's the fucking idea man ! there's no seat ! promoter I take them out ! what 's wrong with that ! we stuff a extra five thou in there . ( piss at Jim ) where the fuck you be ! siddon that be not the fucking idea man !! we be gonna sue you !... we be pull the plug . promoter so sue I ! you be play or you be not leave here with you equipment sonny ! siddon ( to Ray ) we be not play . meanwhile , JOHN argue with ray and jim who sway , drunk . the FBI agent get lose in the background . JOHN I be not go out there man ! ray JOHN , c'mon !! JOHN look at he ! I be not go out there ' till I get some sorta guarantee he 's gonna stay in line . I have have it with this shit . jim whatsa matter , scared johnny boy ? JOHN ( go physically for Jim ) you 're a fuckin asshole man !! ray JOHN !! stop it !! come on !! Jim laugh , throw he arm around robbie for support , robbie patient with he . John yell as they approach the curtain and the light and the first monster realization of the thousand mouth wait in the pit of hell . JOHN you be push death morrison . everybody think we be drug addict cause of you morrison . jim we the Beatles yet ? JOHN ( hold by Ray ) we take drug to expand mind asshole , not escape . i'm not go out there with you . jim hey John y'ever eat human flesh ? when we get to New York , I know this chick ... ray ( take John aside ) come on man . JOHN I be not go out there ! ray we will talk tomorrow , we will settle it . just do it tonight man and ... as jim bring up a tiny vial with a lubricate head on it , hold it to Robbie 's lip playfully . they be in the shadow . jim ... just a touch Robbie , it 's the funkiest stuff , you will play like a orgasm tonight ... robbie no man come on , I do not want any . jim ... just a little lick , come on trust I ... for old time , the four of we , let 's get together one more time , ... the Doors man ... please . for I . something so sincere in Jim 's eye . Robbie take the fatal lick . Jim smile manically as the nuremberg sound of the crowd drow they out . robbie you say you love pain man , but you run from it every chance you get . int . stage - same night the door come out finally . the noise be overwhelming . acid , light , noise . wagnerian god , Hitler ... jim spread he arm like icarus set to fly . the roar redouble , they feet stomping out : crowd ( insane ) door door door door ... joint be throw by the dozen on the stage at Jim 's foot . he be a god now as he bend regally , pick one up . cop everywhere look as ... he light it . the crowd go nut as the door go into the ominous introductory strain of five to one try to get the onus off Jim and the show on the road . the audience know the song , go into a primal foot stomp with it . bras be throw on stage . kid writhe madly in the primal Doors dance . people with sparkler run through the hangar . camera flashbulb pop throughout the show ... get Jim on film while you can . Jim , drunk , high , smoking the jay , will not go into the lyric right off , force the Doors to circle the beat again . he jerk he hand back from the mike as if it be a hot wire . jim be you ready !!!! ( beat ) be you reaaaaaaadyyyyyyyyy !! the crowd explode once more . as a cop head upstage to get Jim for the joint -- he cooly flick it back into the crowd , avoid disaster . perfect timing as the cop look around , suddenly distract by : the crowd yell something . a insane teenager stand on the railing of a balcony above the auditorium , poise to swan dive some 18 foot into the crowd . which he now do , arm hold out like wing . the crowd yell , parting to allow he bulk to smack the floor . pause . cop rush to the spot . the kid suddenly stand up , unhurt , with a stone out look on he face . teenager wow ! then split at a full run through the crowd chase by the perplex cop . everybody surging back towards the stage as jim loose one of he primal scream . jim yaaaaaoooooooooowwwwww ... Love my girl ! ( song ) five to one one in five no one here get out alive you get you baby I will get mine gonna make it , baby if we try he slobber , drunk , slouches , stumble , regains he balance . the crowd love it , but Ray sense something wrong . Robbie start to feel the effect of the acid Jim give he -- he eye register fear . jim &amp ; door the old get old the young get stronger May take a week and it may take longer they get the gun but we get the number gonna win yeah -- we're taking over !! during the instrumental break , Jim pick up one of the rose from the floor , poke it at John on the drum , who whacks it to death on he skin . Jim start to whirl the mike cord like a slingshot or bolo , in a ever-widen arc ... ... it fly off and smashes into the head of the promoter at the edge of the stage argue with siddon . the man be staggered , weaving , siddon help he to a first aid team . jim yaaaaaaoooooowwwwwww !!! the crazy vegeterian hippie run out on stage to give Jim the white lamb to make this political point . Jim hold the lamb in he arm . it 's purring , gentle . dog chase the hippie off as he give the microphone back to Jim and take the lamb from he ... he stagger over to robbie and go down to he knee , pretend to give he head on he frantic stone guitar solo . jim &amp ; door you ballroom day be over baby night be draw near shadows of the evening crawl across the year you walk across the floor with a flower in you hand tryin to tell I no one understand photographer flash camera . baker urging he on from the wing as he pass out . a girl run onto the stage , dump a bottle of champagne on Jim 's head . Jim take he shirt off , soaking wet . the crowd be also stripping in the heat , shirt , blouse , scream so much now they be obviously way past listen to any song . it have become a view of the future -- the naked girl and boy dance stark naked drugge out in the middle of it all , the fat girl prowling naked on the edge of the stage before she 's arrest , the fight in the crowd , fist , blood , a black man chase and beat , the sense of altamont here , the hippie flower trip go to shit -- it 's all come down here tonight , the end of a era . jim &amp ; door Trade in you hour for a handful of dime gonna make it baby -- in we prime get together one more time get together he stop sing suddenly , squinting out into the madness . the arena echoe with the uncomprehend chant of the mob ... mob ... one more time get together one more time get together one more time special effect -- the indian ghost be leave Jim 's body -- spectrally move off he , hover there in the air , its eye -- the face of a die indian on a Arizona highway -- then go . a moment , only three , four beat . a optical illusion ? maybe . or be it say , ' now you be just a white man' ... maybe not . as it drift off in a cloud , into the vast audience 's eyeball . jim you 're all a buncha fuckin slave !!! the instrument continue to vamp but there 's a hush to the crowd . jim lettin people tell you what you be gonna do ! lettin people push you around ! how long you think it 's gonna last ! how long you gonna let they push you around !! he wait . intercut of the face in the crowd . voice ( ignore Jim ) " Light my Fire " ! play " Light my Fire " !! come on Jim ... ( some boo sprinkle in ) take you clothes off man ! get wild ! fuck I baby . fuck I girl , suck my cock honey around the world ! mexican whore suck my prick ! keeper of the royal sperm man ! celebrate the lizard man , drain it motherfucker !! jim c'mon get it all out ! all the little hatred , everything inside you ... let I have it ! crowd fuck you ! jim that's the one little word I wanted to hear ! that's the very little word ! the whole world hate I ! the whole fucking world hate I ! voice ( girl ) save US ... save US , jim ... jim ! eeee ... I touched he . jim maybe you love it , maybe you love gettin you face press into the shit of the world ! you would all eat shit would not ya !! adolph Hitler be alive and well here in miami !! you 're all a buncha slave !! the crowd boos back at he , surging suddenly with hatred for Jim . intercut the crowd -- feel this hatred . jim what be ya gonna do about it ! what be ya gonna do about it ! what be ya gonna do about it ! the Band have peter out by this point but out of nowhere , robbie , zonk on he version of lsd , start up with " touch I babe . " jim &amp ; door ( go with it ) come on , come on , come on and fuck I babe ! can not you see that I be not afraid ( cut the music ) hey wait a minute ... ( music cut off raggedly ) Miami Beach Florida hunh ? I be born and raised not far from here ... go to Florida State ... ( cheer ) then I got smart . I go to California where you can let you hair grow long and walk down the street without people call you a freak ... they be try to change the world out there in California . voice yeah , stop the war man , peaceee ... we love ya jim . jim no I be not talkin ' ' bout no revolution . I be not talkin ' bout no demonstration . I be talk ' bout having some fun . I be talkin ' ' bout dancin . I be talkin ' bout love . I be talkin ' ' bout some love . love love love love ... love !!!! grab you friend -- and love he . come oooooaaaannnnn . yeah ! Jim pull he shirt off -- barechest -- wave it like a toreador in front of he leather crotch . voice ( cheer , giggle ) " Light my Fire " ! come on Jim -- play " Light my Fire " ! the audience seem to be pay no attention to what he be do or say , which drive he to deeper rage . jim ai not nobody gonna love my ass ? come on ... I need ya . there 's so many of ya out there and nobody 's gonna love I ! c'mon -- what ' cha come here for anyway ? you do not come here for music . you do not come here to see a good band . you come here for this do not ya ... he saunter to the edge of the stage . hiss at they . he clasp he crotch , leer at a cute little girl in the front row , shaking it at she . her boyfriend , piss at Jim , run for the stage . Jim unzip he leather . jim I be lonely out here -- ya wanna see it ... come on sweetheart ... I need it , I need it , need ya , need ya , need ya , come oooooaaaannnnnnn ... Chaos , confusion now erupt in the crowd ! the boyfriend be run at jim as the bodyguard throw he back into the crowd . Jim flick he shirt over he crotch , back and forth like a drunken matador . the Doors look at each other , do not know what 's go to happen . jim didja see it ! you wanna see it again ??? the crowd roar its approval . confusion reign . drunken catcall . thing , bras , can throw at the stage . voice ( ad lib ) take it off ! take it all off ! jim what if I pull it out fer ya !! and shake it around !!! will that do it for you ! would ya , would ya , would ya !! now watch -- I be gonna show it to ya ! he feign open he belt and expose himself , flipping he shirt back and forth over the crotch in a mock striptease . jim there it be ! ya see it ? ya see it ?... ya wanna see it again ? a flock of teenage girl be sure they have see it , hysterical . teenage girl I see it !... yes , yes ! Jim ! Jim ! teenage girl 2 where ? I do not see it . jim ( roaring out he command ) come on up here and love my ass ! I wanna see some action out there ! I wanna see some action out there ! I wanna see some action out there ! I wanna see some action out there ! I want you to love my ass ! I want some love ... love ... love ... love c'mon , c'mon ... no limit , no law you wanna fuck ? come on ! come on up here !!!!! he look like he 's really gonna tear it all off now . a flash of boxer short . ray move . siddon move . dog get to he first , wrapping he in a bearhug from behind , lift he hold he pants up . vince the roadie don't do it man . don't do it ! ray hey jim . jim c'mon ! c'mon ! no limit , no law ! no limit , no law ! no limit , no law ! the place be in pandemonium now . girl jump on stage and dance with Jim still in Vince the roadie 's bearhug . another riot ... cop fight the teenager off the stage , now wobble under the weight . promoter ( piss , head bandage ) get off the fucking stage ! get off the fucking stage !! ( stiffarm Jim off the stage ) ray start play break on through try to keep thing normal . jim now out there in the arena in a conga line , do he rain dance , hand on hip , the teenager form a long snake behind he . the huge speaker column teeter and fall . a corner of the stage now collapse from the weight , people spilling on the floor , scream . the power console tip over next to densmore . he bail . manzarek and krieger follow . the promoter be yell at siddon about he insurance contract as the cop and FBI agent close in , look for Jim . cop where 's the guy with the penis ! who be out there lead he naked drunken flock , hundred of they in a phallic pied piper dance through the darken seaplane hanger . from break on through part two : jim ET al &amp ; door you know the day destroy the night night divide the day try to run , try to hide break on through to the other side break on through to the other side break on through to the other side Dead cat ! Dead rat ! do you see what they be at Dead cat in a top hat ! suck on a young man 's blood fat cat in a top hat thinks he 's a aristocrat thinks he can kill and slaughter thinks he can shoot my daughter Dead cat ! Dead rat ! think you be a aristocrat crap , that 's crap Ray watch from the corner of the stage , litter with bras , bottle , shirt , shoe , sock , panty , hat , break equipment , debris -- the end of the dream . the Doors as a live band be dead . dissolving to : int . miami courtroom - day ( 1970 ) the " charge " be be read by the judge , distant , not of this world . the court be light in southern gothic daylight , ghostly chiaroscuro , all color ble . camera move along the sweaty white face of the six older juror , all of they straight " silent majority " ... past the prosecutor , he shadow cut the jury box ... onto jim bearded , smoking 2 pack a day , a deep rack cough , sit with he elder attorney ... ray , robbie , JOHN , pamela , other in support be there in background . the trial be go down like a morphine dream , Jim feature in diopter close -up . judge voice ... you be charge under four count with lewd behavior , simulate masturbation , public drunkenness , profanity , and public exposure . a blue riff go by -- brief , ghostly from running blue . jim song poor otis dead and go Left I here to sing he song pretty little girl with the red dress on poor otis dead and go jim ( v.o. ) I can not believe this be happen I can not believe all this people be sniff each other &amp ; back away , tooth grin , hair raise , growl , here in the slaughter wind this be it no more fun the death of all joy have come the PRESS section be full as Jim 's older lawyer argue in front of the jury , a distant voice . lawyer you honor , I would like to bring to the Court 's attention the contemporary Broadway musical " Hair " in which cast member disrobe and appear naked on the stage . judge ( pound he gavel ) inadmissable evidence . jim voice over I have a vision of America see from the air 28000 fot &amp ; go fast a one -arm man in a Texas parking labyrinth a burnt tree like a giant primeval bird in a empty lot in fresno superimposition : lawyer you honor ... any difference from the Miami nightclub where comedian frequently incorporate profanity into they act judge ( gavel ) inadmissable evidence . jim voice over mile &amp ; mile of hotel corridor &amp ; elevator , fill with citizen Motel money murder , madness Change the mood from glad to sadness play the ghost song baby the backbeat of when the music' over start , into its spiralling descent . superimposition : lawyer ( distant ) ... there have not be one shred of evidence : 300 photograph and not one show a thing ; not reliable testimony , nothing but hysterical heresay the PRESS be bored , they number reduce . the spectator have change from kid to older people intent on preserve they way of life . a tape be play of Jim 's devil voice at the concert , cursing : " come on up here . no limit ! no law " , etc ... ( scream , obscenity ) jim &amp ; door ( song ) when the music 's over ( 3 ) turn out the light ( 3 ) for the music be you special friend dance on fire as it intend Music be you only friend until the end ( 2 ) superimposition to : lawyer ... this be a major first amendment violation by the Police and politician of Miami . every witness they have bring have admit under oath to not actually see the client 's genitals -- except one who ... the PRESS section be now down to about three bored face , one of they patricia kennealy who look pregnant . jim smile at she . jim &amp ; door cancel my subscription to the resurrection send my credential to the house of detention I get some friend inside ext . orange BOWL - miami - documentary footage ( day ) anita bryant &amp ; jackie gleason at the national decency rally . a large crowd in the vicinity of 100,000 . nixon address they . jim &amp ; door song ( over ) the face in the mirror will not stop the girl in the window will not stop a feast of friend alive she cry wait for I outside ! montage -- newspaper headline spin out : jimmi hendrix overdose in london . janis joplin overdose in los angele . a rolling stone wanted poster on jim -- " in the County of dade / Dead -- do he or do not he ? " . jim &amp ; door song ( over ) before I sink into the big sleep I want to hear the scream of the butterfly come back baby back into my arm int . HOTEL room - miami beach - day the music continue into a long backbeat without lyric -- emphasize the downward spiralling theme ... jim ... well , you gonna get rid of it ? fucked up people y'know , crazy , unwanted Indians just throw it in the river . pause . patricia -- four and a half month pregnant , stare . a glary window onto a balcony overlook the sea with Florida palm and a strip of beach . a room in a highrise hotel . Jim 's mess be everywhere . patricia I can not fuck believe you just say that ! jim Patricia , would not it be better to have a kid with someone who want to be its father ? patricia it would be a fuck genius , that 's what it would be ! you and I . the child would be a god , goddess ! jim it would be a monster . a look . she 's stunne , ugly wrath gather . he try to soothe she . jim I get this trial drag on I , Patricia . I could not support the kid -- I can not afford it and I do not want the responsibility right now . patricia you be a coward !! a little boy !! the only way you can not afford it be emotionally . you forget you vow man . they be forever in the goddess ' sight . death do not part , only love Jim ! jim come on Patricia , I be stone ... it seem like the fun thing at the time . she pull a dagger with a skull 's head on it , go for he . patricia I be gonna cut you ball off morrison ! jim ( that smile ) you want them ? patricia ( beat ) fuck you . I be gonna have the kid . jim then it will be you kid . if you want the abortion I will pay for it and I will come up to New York to be with you when you have it . patricia no you will not . jim yes I will . patricia bullshit morrison ( release he , stalk ) you know who you be ... ( pause ) no . what difference do it make . you know , you never pretend . I do . I do not even like kid particularly , ( laugh to herself ) but I do not want the other thing either . I guess what I really want be to throw myself off this fuck balcony ( hurl the knife out off the balcony ) well now that you have fuck the future , morrison , have you fuck everything ?... ( cruelly ) have you look at yourself in the mirror . you stomach ... jim ( hurt , near tear ) please do not say that thing to I , Patricia . she suddenly grasp he , clutching , hunger , lust . patricia fuck I one last time , you worthless piece of shit . jim &amp ; door ... the scream of the butterfly come back baby back into my arm on Jim 's face . ext . miami courtroom - day two hundre person be gather on the lawn outside , banner decry the Doors . a middle aged speaker , clean cut , squarely dress , express he outrage . speaker ( bullhorn ) ... endorse by President Richard Nixon ! ( cheer ) the immoral conduct of degenerate such as Jim morrison be a unacceptable insult to this country and the principle for which it stand ... jim &amp ; door ( over ) we be get tired of hang around wait around with we head to the ground I hear the gentle sound very near yet very far very soft , yeah , very clear come today , come today jim well uh , it 's design to wear you down y'know ... when that rap sheet say the " United States of America versus you " it take you down day by day , specially when no one really give a shit about , y'know , the first amendment that 's on trial here ... nobody say anything about that , it 's just uh do you take you pants off y'know , I mean that 's not what it 's about , it 's about freedom , that 's what it 's about ... but who care , right ? freedom exist in a schoolbook . reporter 1 ( disinterested ) ... but the promoter be cancelling you show , will this affect the way you play ? jim well , I can only open door , m'am . I can not drag people through them . I be no savior . reporter 2 but you have call yourself a shaman ? jim ( beat , pain ) do I ? well , I will tell ya , my word stand a far better chance of be around a hundred year from now than my waistline . as he go into the courtroom , a dolled up reporter 1 , the local anchor- lady turn to she camera . anchorlady the question that will be answer today : do Jim morrison or do he not take off he pants last March ? this be ... int . courtroom - that day the judge pass sentence , distant , hazy under song . darken shadow across the floor , silhouettes ... the world bleak and white ... judge James Douglas morrison , I hereby sentence you to sixty day of hard labor in the dade County jail and for public exposure I be sentencing you to six month of the same , after which you be to serve two year and four month of probationary time . [ ... ] secretary ( overlap ) I book you round trip to New York for Thursday , pamela 's call six time , Patricia , Kathy , Judy , gayle be pregnant , she say but ... you gotta get straight , honey , go to sleep , get a massage , go to the dentist , get a haircut honey , you gotta cool out ... JOHN probably a bath too ... office boy ( read a rock magazine ) Jesus Jim , this guy really despise you . JOHN ... do not invite we to woodstock . twenty other group but not ... siddon what 's heavy be the radio station pull we from they playlist . the big city -- Philly , cinci , Chicago , Detroit -- it 's insane ! record sale suck ! ray ( with irony , read something ) " the band you love to hate " . lawyer ( 2nd lawyer if necessary ) we can drag this appeal out for year , we can keep you out of jail . jim ( drink ) you be drink with number three . siddon Max firmly believe the FBI 's behind it . we be subpoena they record -- they have memo on you in Phoenix and they get you extradict to Miami illegally without a felony ... mike a new image -- Jim morrison as " Renaissance man " -- we bring you back slow , quiet , the beard , elder of the tribe . office boy ( read from review ) ... like Lennon say " you either grow with the music or it grow without you . " robbie hey , it be fun . all the voice merge into one : voice first hendrix now Janis Robbie fly to Hawaii legality pend disposition book in Toronto interview with pbs renew you diverse license psychic prediction nine paternity suit fifty thousand dollar bond recoup we loss pamela 's shopping spree with you credit card morrison Hotel some - body from film school mountain of coke in the broom closet jac holzman eight thirty in the morning remix perform schedule Paul rothchild tax Texas teenybopper tomorrow . Jim , during this , pick up the tv remote , flick on the image . the voice blend with tv voice as he swithes the channel . the camera move in on Jim , the voice fade . all we see be Jim . all we hear and see be the tv : television Chicago Seven in it 's tenth day ... Bobby seale gag and chain ... ( click ) L.A. shootout with Black panther ... ( click ) Charles Manson indicted for murder of actress Sharon tate ... ( click ) U. S. ground troops in Laos and Cambodia ... ( click ) Indians still occupy alcatraz Island ... ( click ) for the my lai massacre testify 120 villager shot by american soldier in a trench ... the song climax into a inner scream of madness . jim &amp ; door ( conclude ) for the music be you special friend dance on fire as it intend Music be you only friend until the end ( 3 ) ( scream ! ) silence on Jim . jim ( mildly ) I think I be have a nervous breakdown . the sound of wind , the backbeat of LA woman flooding in . ext . chateau marmont HOTEL - los angele - night jim dangle out on the narrow ledge that circumscribe the 20th floor rooftop -- wind blow through he wild hair , the card zoom by like racer light on sunset below . the song LA woman continue bear from this renew feel of danger . jim &amp ; door well I just get into town ' bout a hour ago take a look around , see which way the wind blow where the little girl in they Hollywood bungalow pam scream for he to come back from the edge as tom baker and mike and dog and a cameraman film in 16mm . pam jim ! please goddamit !! come back in please !! jim yell back , as he drink from a pint of whiskey , enjoy himself enormously . jim whatcha worried about ? I like it out here . he feign a fall . pam noooooo !! ray and siddon arrive , terrify , look for he . jim ( laugh at Pam ) life on the edge baby . come get I if you love I baby . pam please goddamit jim morrison i'm not gonna kill myself for you . get in here . Jim crack up with laughter . baker , drunk and the film crew love it , swishpan with a cheap sungun . mike ( dance ) we get it man ! keep go . great get a two shot . baker go on get out there pam . Pam be sufficiently crack on she own set of drug to start climb out onto the ledge , skirt blow in the wind . pam jim morrison goddamit I love you I want you I need you . Jim move further along the ledge . jim ( raw ) you whole life bullshit ! you love I then come and get me. jim &amp ; door ( over ) LA woman ( x2 ) LA woman Sunday afternoon ( x3 ) drive through you suburb into you blue ( x2 ) into you blue-blue blue into you blue siddon and Ray terrify . be this the night it 's finally go to end in a suicide plunge ? Ray try to stop Pam , too late . ray Pam !! oh shit ... get the ambulance man ... Pam 's move shakily along the ledge , crack on downer . Jim watch she come , amaze at she risk . ray ( yell down ) jim ! help her . she 's gonna fall . tom jump ! he watch , do nothing . jim come on baby , come on . ray ( try another tack ) Jim we gotta finish " LA woman " . jim do not have a end Ray . reaches he hand out . she be closer . but shaky . ray ( white ) they be both gonna die ... be you happy you cocksucker !! Ray go after Tom Baker and the Film Crew . a scuffle . yelling , shouting , but down below in the intimacy of the ledge , blow out on the edge , the wind and the world and death . two crazy child link on this gothic balcony of the chateau reach they hand out for each other . jim come on baby , come on pam ( quote he ) " ... but one , the most beautiful one of all -- dance in a ring of fire -- " jim ( raw sing ) " I see you hair be burn . if they say I never love you , you know they be a liar ! " pam " ... and throw off the challenge with a shrug " jim all the poetry have wolf in it Pam !!! she have never be so concentrate , inching closer to he . her heel overhange oblivion . pam I do not wanna die with you Jim morrison , I do not wanna die ! jim &amp ; door never see a woman so alone ( x2 ) so alone -- lone lone jim c'mon Pam , this be it ! we will do it right here ! right now ! you and I ! Ray , Tom , siddon , Mike , Dog , they all watch in horror , sense it will happen . they have even stop filming . inch ... inch . he dodge she touch , confuse ... to the last possible second . then she' there -- in he arm . her arm latch around he and she hug he with all she wiry soul . pam Jim -- let 's go , let 's leave this town ! you and I ! never come back . jim ( demonic ) we can . right now . just one more step ... pam no Jim . I want to live with you . I want to live with you . the two lover huddle together on the ledge . he slip he head down on she lap , look up into she eye with the strangest tear in he eye . jim ( a poem ) there be preserve in she the fresh miracle of surprise ... clothed in sunlight restless in want die of fever marry to doubt how it have change you how slowly estrange you solely arrange you beg for you mercy -- or -- ... but all will pass lie down in green grass and smile and muse and gaze upon she smooth resemblance to the mate - Queen who it seem be in love with the horseman tomorrow we enter the tomb of my birth I want to be ready . on she face -- move . pause . LA woman flood in on he smile , a upbeat surge . upstair , the onlooker relax . HOTEL management and cop be now rush up in background . jim &amp ; door Mr. mojo rising Mr. mojo risin ' ( x2 ) dissolve to : ext . door office - santa monica bl . - L.A. - day ( 1970 ) there 's music rock from the inside . cable and baffle run from the second story down to the rehearsal room on the first . jim &amp ; door keep on risin ' get to keep on risin ' risin ' risin ' ( x8 ) int . door office - day the secretary and staff dance to the SOUND rock through the floor . jim &amp ; door well I just get into town about a hour ago take a look around , see which way the wind blow camera move through the office , past the office boy , past siddon , past the publicist , etc -- a farewell to the band . int . basement - recording studio - day we see ray , robbie , JOHN , botnick , a bass and 2nd rhythm guitarist , wive , girlfriend but no Jim . they be really drive , the music soar . pamela be hair shaking as she swing to the beat . jim &amp ; door with a little girl in a Hollywood bungalow be you a lucky lady in the City of Light ? or just another lose angel -- City of night ? int . toilet - recording studio - same day wire run into a tiny toilet revealing jim with headphone to he ear bark into a dangle mike , one leg propped on a toilet seat , in a groove . a new , strange , unparalleled beauty in he voice , hoarser but wiser , haunt by experience yet joyful as youth , Jim be ironically , at he best . jim &amp ; door LA woman ( x2 ) LA woman / Sunday afternoon ( x3 ) drive through you suburb into you blue ( x2 ) into you blue- blue blue ext . los angele freeway - day montage : move , move , move -- all the pove from fast - move car travel with the pace of l.a . song of freedom , of escape -- the strip , the car , the freeway , the billboard ... farewell l.a . int . new york hospital room - day camera creep towards anne o'riordan as she wait , alone on a white table for the doctor to arrive . Jim never show up after all . but on we go . jim &amp ; door I see you hair be burn Hills be fill with fire if they say I never lov would you you know they be a liar ( etc ) never see a woman so alone ( x2 ) so alone lone lone so alone ext . ray' house - venice - day jim drive up in he beat gto mustang , top down , bag all over the place , hop out . carry he bulk with grace , knock and ring . rider on the STORM start to play over . int . ray' house - day dorothy open the door . Jim a stack of present under he arm . jim eek dorothy ! you cut you hair ! dorothy we be try to have another baby . jim ( move past she ) what -- be you hair get in the way ? ( she smack he lightly ) where be the kid ? ext . ray yard - day he spot they , crossing to the yard where a children' birthday be in progress -- two dozen kide , a clown act out for they . a few parent and friend -- robbie and lynne , they kid , JOHN and he recent lady , they kid ... when the kide spot jim they light up . jim hey -- be I late or be this the cool remnant of a dream ? kide ( rush to he ) eee ! Jim ! it 's uncle Jim ... come on ... what do you bring I Jim ... jim ( pick up Robin ) how 's my girl ! and how 's my boy ! they stick a ludicrous print birthday hat on he head . a bearded Santa Claus now engulf with kid , though puffy , body go , a literal physical wreck , yet a gentle pathos about he and still a charisma that the child react to without think . he give out the present all over . jim ( ad lib ) for you ... pancho get this one ... Melanie -- yours ... hey dorothy do not grab now ... open that one , that 's yours ... keep you paw off that now ... as ray and robbie and JOHN and the other circle he . jim ( to Robin , a 5 year old ) ... and to you , princess , from you Royal servant , James Douglas morrison ( bow ) as robin , the cutest of they all , a bow in she hair , take the package , open it . ray you wanna hear the new mix on " LA woman ? " ... jim no , I gotta plane to catch . JOHN wo not take long man , it 's the best one since " day " . robbie we add rain to " rider " , come on . Jim cock he head , listen to it play from a inner room , he eye on robin open the gift -- a beautiful , antique doll of a 19th century poet -- rock star , stuff , velour jacket , white fluffy lace collar , it could be Byron or it could be Jim morrison -- in fact the hair be perfectly weave to resemble Jim in he young lion phase -- a ironic gift , mean from the heart . it stop everybody -- they all look . a haunt quality to the doll . kid ugh ! what 's that ! robin ( to Jim ) it 's you . jim forever young ... she kiss he . robin oh it 's beautiful ... thank you uncle Jim . int . ray' work space - day off the patio window of the birthday party , sound and sunshine pour in . the clown run around , laughter . the music play -- bruce at the mixing board . jim &amp ; door rider on the Storm ( x 2 ) into this house we be bear into this world we be throw like a dog without a bone a actor out on loan rider on the storm where we and Jim come in , I guess . Jim drink from a cognac bottle straight , foot tapping , enjoy it , know it 's good -- but other thing be call . this be history . jim I gotta admit -- that be not bad for four guy who be not even talk that day . slap shoulder , shaking hand . JOHN you really gonna live in Paris man ? jim yeah John , be anonymous , write a book : " observation of a american while on Trial in Miami " . robbie I still think we get a couple of great blue album in we man . jim I be pin man . everything I do they get a category for it , y'know . freedom 's go . JOHN hey , I be gonna miss you Jim . I be gonna miss the feel of play music with you . jim you can always whip the horse ' eye . you , John , miss I ? JOHN more than you think asshole . ( turn away , repress -- the emotion ) robbie ( walk he to the garden ) well far as I be concerned , Jim , I make music with dionysus man . we have some moment on stage like no one will ever fuck know . jim ( make light ) yeah , yeah -- and you lay off that drug Rob . we be gonna play again some day . robbie Jim -- " do not go gently into that good night . rage rage against the die of the light " . ( he wink goodbye ) the kid run up to grab jim , pull he back to the party . girl come 'ere uncle Jim , we be play blind man 's bluff ... time CUT to : ext . garden - later day jim , a bearded Santa Claus with the birthday hat on he head , surround by the girl and boy and dorothy shoot a home movie . they be eat birthday cake but uncle jim be drink straight from the cognac bottle -- a strange sight . jim ( to Robin ) so what be you gonna be when you grow up ? robin I wanna be you wife he laugh , look at dorothy who 's shoot he with the Super 8 . jim I do not know , can I afford you ? Pam kinda wipe I out with she dress store y'know ... robin I will make my own dress and you will see , I will be the best wife . dorothy ( nodd ) you will never be alone Jim . jim ( to dorothy ) you know I have never be happier . not as much of a rush as I use to be in y'know ... this be the strangest life I have ever know . his eye on a little boy who 's walk into the party , sit down with the other , ignore , isolate , a birthday cap on he head . clothes belong to the 1940' and the face seem familiar . Jim be not sure , woozy from the cognac . as he fade . we see the Boy many year ago in the backseat of the car in the Arizona desert . Jim 's head fall gently into he fold arm on the table , the cognac bottle at he elbow , merlin hat on , beard , the kid laugh , pull he ear and nose -- he do not wake up . time CUT to : as Ray come over now , rouse he gently . ray gotta plane to catch man ? Jim come awake in that instant alert way of he , but obviously hang over . jim o ?... splittling headache from which the future be make . puzzle remark , he get up , shaky , exit , kid tear at he . goodby . ext . ray' house - venice - twilight the beach be behind they , the last of the frisbee player and dog , the skater go by , as we continue to hear rider from within . ray be Pam really there in Paris wait ? jim ( ironic , head hurt ) sure . the Count 's there so where else would she be ? gotta try to start over , without all the hassle , y'know . I think we can . ray I never know what you see in that nightmare chick man . jim well she be kinda flakey -- like I . I mean she 's just so vulnerable about everything . it make I sad man . ( pause ) but she 's always kinda believe in something about I y'know -- she little picture of I as the unsung poet -- and it 's a fantasy I kinda dig y'know , ' stead of the one I live . ray I do not know man , I do not wanna sound like you old man but you be only 27 , you be live like you gotta get it all in , you gotta slow down man , you do it , you break through to the other side . jim we do not break through Ray , we just push thing a little . when you really break through , there 's nothing leave . no music , no Doors , no God , nothing -- only a will to power . ray I do not believe that . you be a american prince , man -- with overbre gene -- ( Jim scoff , laugh ) no ! what could have be Jim ? you could have be President . ( Jim crack up ) no man ! what could have be Jim ? we stand here on this beach on the edge of the Pacific that crazy summer day in ' 65 -- and we know , you and I , we know we be at the edge of the mind . we be there , man . one planet , one globe , one mind . consciousness , we raise it , we be there . Jim , not the sentimental type , climb in he car , amused . jim and now what ? ray now ? ( smile , lethally sweet ) you have make I into ishmael . I be the last survivor of the pequod . and I exist only to tell the story of ahab who fight the black whale . jim ( love it , laugh ) it be white Ray . you gotta stop harpin ' on that day . I be so rip I can hardly remember it . ignites engine . Ray lean in , lighten up . ray hey , what be that poem you once write about two chick on the pier ? jim come on man , I gotta fly . ray come on . just once . jim ( voice over , pull out the car ) in that year we have a great visitation of energy back in that day everything be simpler and more confuse one summer night , go to the pier I run into two young girl the blonde be call freedom the dark one Enterprise we talk and they tell I this story . as he depart , wave . ray ( over ) what be the story ? his point of view -- Jim recede into the sun in he mustang -- make a shakey , screeching curve at the bend of the beach . and he 's go . a ominous roar of a airplane above ray . -- fly away . ext . los angele - twilight the plane fly off into the set ball of red sun . int . recording session ( last session ) - L.A. - dec . the bearded poet hunch in he chair , exhaust , clutching the paper , finish . pause . he downs a final shot , grunt to the indian ghostman sit there on a stool watch he in the corner of the studio . the ghostman laugh ( but nothing come out of he mouth ) . his wrinkle eye be happy , feathered ponytail , he nod ... pleased . morrison well , didja get all that ? ghostman you do good , Jim , go now -- rest the engineer , exhaust , do not feel anything funny . engineer yeah , I get it Jim . the poet face brighten . a small but ever - so-sweet smile of triumph hike up the corner of he mouth . jim aw right . let 's get some taco ! he stand , sway , than move out of view . the empty bottle of whiskey , its sand run out , be leave behind . as we fade out , a hardy , mischievous morrison laugh and a ripple of sensuous music carry we into the lilt , lament strain of a american prayer -- the end without lyric for now as we cut to : int . paris bedroom - near dawn ( night ) ( 1971 ) pamela be agitate in she sleep -- waking as she feel he watch . be that he ? at the door ? a shadow -- leave . footstep move down the narrow parisian corridor with the creaky floor . pam Jim ... that you ? look at the time . somewhere near dawn . the sound of a bath be draw . nightmare or sleep ? she try to fade back to sleep but the music and the whispering prod she , pull she awake ... dissolve : same face -- a hour later . put she robe on , the slipper , the light ... move . she be much more ravage look than before . int . bathroom - dawn she find he now ... his face float upwards , angelic eye , the beard be now go , a little smile on he face . he must be play another joke . although she really know as she say the word : pam Jim ! it be you . I always know when it 's you . ( move closer ) come on baby get out of the tub ... mama will dry you off ... ( pause ) Jim morrison , now you stop joke you hear I , cut it out ! his face . at peace , as she sob , the music crest to Jim 's lyric . pam ... be it all right Jim , do you enjoy it when it come my baby ? just like you say it would be ? jim ( over ) they be wait to take we into the severe garden do you know how pale and wanton thrillful come death at a strange hour ? unannounce unplan for like a scare overfriendly guest you have bring to bed ? death make angel of we all ? and give we wing where we have shoulder smooth as raven 's claw ... dissolve to : ext . pere lachaise cemetery - paris - day his face etching into a perfect alexandrine bust of physical beauty . the camera move to reveal , a wintry day , leave blow , the wild cat everywhere in the empty cemetery , the crumble tomb , the flower fresh and dead around Jim 's tomb , the graffiti , wine bottle , wilde , bizet , piaf , chopin , morrison ... jim ( over ) no more money , no more fancy dress this other kingdom seem by far the best until its other jaw reveal incest and loose obedience to a vegetable law . I will not go I prefer a feast of friend to the giant family ... the music roll up on : int . corridor &amp ; stage - limbo smoke . some light . the distant cheer of a crowd . in slightly slow motion , a figure move down a corridor into a blind light of stage and smoke . three other shadow be there wait -- as the ghost move to the microphone in alter motion . the audience be out there somewhere in the dark -- we sense they too have become ghost , as all of we will one day . the music continue up to roll from american prayer -- the end -- snatch we annotate . ghost announcer lady and gentlemen , from Los Angeles California -- the Doors ! ( ghostly applause ) jim &amp ; the door ( snatch ) ... have you see the warm progress under the star ? have you forget the key to the kingdom ? have you be bear yet and be you alive ? where be the feast we be promise ? let 's reinvent the god , the myth of the age ! we need great golden copulation camera close past the door to jim alone , circle the mike with he dance -- the indian ghostman jigging , shaman - like , off to the side -- now levitate above the stage , all crazy , gawky dance . jim well , I will tell you a story of whiskey , mystic and man and about the believer and how the whole thing begin first there be woman and child obey the moon then daylight bring wisdom and sickness too soon ... the moon be a dry blood beast we have assemble inside this ancient and insane theatre to propagate we lust for life and flee the swarm wisdom of the street we live we die and death not end it ( scream in agony ) father have mercy !!! ending with a solitary sing - song croak . jim Bird of prey , bird of prey Flying high , fly high in the summer sky Bird of prey , bird of prey fly high , fly high gently pass by Bird of prey , bird of prey fly high , fly high take I on you flight ( pause then ) I will come again down from the wild mountain the subtitle read " jim be say to have died of ' heart failure ' . pamela joined he three year later " ... her ash be buried next to he . " black screen with credit ... let 's lighten it up with some good old rock and roll . as we hear Jim and the Doors run loose on ROADHOUSE blue " jim &amp ; door alrite yeah yeah you gotta roll , roll , roll you gotta thrill my soul -- alrite roll , roll , roll , roll , a thrill my soul a-got-a- beepa , goncha chuchna hoca conk , a donta eatcha coona neecha bop -a - loola , lechow , bompa kechow yesow conk , yeah rite ashen lady ( x2 ) give up you vow ( x2 ) save our CITY ( x2 ) right now ( x2 ) well I woke up this morning I got myself a Beer ( x2 ) the future uncertain the end be always near let it roll baby roll ( x3 ) all nite long the end