the comedian Story by art linson screenplay by art linson & jeff ross and richard lagravenese and lewis friedman ext : 7th ave & 34 th ST , NYC - winter - dusk snow and ice with big chill wind hit the street but it do not slow down the throng of New yorker head toward the Long Island railroad entrance of penn station . the camera settles on one man walk alone fight the crowd and the weather . we meet jackie burke . int : escalator - lir - penn station - dusk Jackie , carry a small sport bag , ride the escalator down into Penn Station , stoic , oblivious to the harry commuter around he . int . long island rail road train - later - day Jackie sit alone on the train . he read the NY Times , every once in a while circle a item , scribbling note . a middle - aged woman across from he stare . Jackie offer a brief glimpse then turn away . old woman Excuse I ? I know you ... do not I know you ? jackie no ! Jackie return to he note . the Old woman , speechless , go back to mind she own business . ext : lir hicksville station sign - day the train pull into hicksville , Long Island . ext . governor 's comedy club - rainy - late afternoon a '' Long Island taxi '' drive through a suburban shopping mall parking lot behind petco , p.c. Richards , staples , bring we to two small , isolate building : a tiny drive - through '' dairy Mart '' , and a red cement - block bunker with the word '' comedy '' print across the front . int . taxi - continuous - night Jackie glance at the marquee through the window ... ( continued ) continued : 6 nostalgia nite ! ! star BRETT butler from '' grace under FIRE '' * jackie burke from '' Eddie 's place '' * hosted by jimmie '' dynomite '' WALKER * Jackie , expressionless , wrap he scarf around he neck and read the computer screen : cash or credit . cabbie ( in rear-view mirror ) I know I know you . '' Eddie '' . you be '' Eddie '' . my wife and I be just watch one of the old show . she say you die . I say , no I think he 's alive . we have a fight . * Jackie throw the driver a $ 20 and exit the cab . * he run through the pour rain to the front door . * int . governor 's S comedy club bar - night '' Jackie enter carry he sport bag to find he female * agent / manager miller wait for hi . * miller be you cold ? you need something to warm you up ? jackie you could torch the club so I do not have to do this shit . miller be prepare - it 's not as big a house as they think . I think the weather keep people home . jackie you sure it 's not the marquee ? read like night of the live Dead . int . kitchen area - governor 's club - continuous 8 Miller lead Jackie through a busy kitchen . Jackie * strip off he peacoat as they pass the kitchen help . * ( continued ) continued : 8 jackie I should fire you for this . miller * you say anything . you need money . * Jackie set down he sport bag on a kitchen table , and * Jackie start shed he winter garb : he take off he * hat and give it to Miller . he unzip he sport bag and * pull out a pair of tennis shoe - kick off he rubber * snow boot , he slide on the loafer . * miller * oh , CBS pass on the pilot . * jackie they give a reason ? miller * they do not like it . * jackie * you tell I this before I go on ? * what you do before you fuck you * boyfriend ? watch a holocaust * movie ? * miller * at least I have a boyfriend . what * relationship do you have ? * we can see the half - fill showroom through the kitchen * door . we hear laughter from the showroom . * jackie * ( point at audience ) * I have get they . . . the audience . miller you want to say hi to jj ? jackie no . he walk out of the kitchen toward the showroom . Miller * follow . * governor 's club - showroom - simultaneous 8 -& jimmie '' jj '' WALKER stand in the back of the half - fill * * room , watch brett butler perform on stage . ( continued ) 8 - a continued : Jackie & Miller appear through the kitchen door . jimmie WALKER Jackie b! jackie jd. jimmie WALKER good to see you , man . thanks for come . jackie thanks for have I . jimmie WALKER it 's a small house but they 's be lively . jackie I only need one person to play . sometimes I just play with myself . jimmie WALKER dy-no-mite ! jimmie nod , and move toward the stage as brett butler finish she act . finally , Jackie take a small mirror out of the sport bag and hand it to Miller , who now hold all of Jackie 's discard cloth . she hold up the mirror so Jackie can arrange he hair . jimmie WALKER ( v.o. ) she 's still '' under FIRE '' , let 's hear it once again for brett butler ! dy-no-mite !!! jackie you stay ? miller I 'il drive you home . brett butler exit past Jackie . they hug and shake hand . BRETT butler if you ever see I at one this again shoot I in the head . ( continued ) + of continued : ( 2 ) jackie I ’1ll do we both with one bullet . brett exit . on stage : jimmie WALKER so now please welcome a guy you might remember if you fight in World War ii , from the sitcom '' eddie 's home '' ... a true black belt in bustin ball .. do not adjust you set -- this guy be on tv before there be color . here he be ... mister Jackie burke . applause . the audience be chant , '' eddie ! eddie ! '' * Jackie take the mic from jj Walker and put on face . jackie let 's hear it for the great jj Walker . he show * Jackie size up the crowd . he take a deep breath and let it out slowly , end with a quick shudder . we ’1l1 come to recognize this as Jackie 's tic when he 's about to erupt into comedy -- a fighter come out of he the chant grow louder : '' eddie ! eddie ! '' Jackie take the stage . grab the mic . jackie give it up for jj WALKER . this guy be on tv before there be color . Jackie size up the crowd . jackie ( cont ’d ) it look like everybody here be with someone . corner . he steal a quick look back to Miller in the wing . jackie ( cont ’d ) lot of couple . a few singles . ( @ some young woman ) what be you celebrate ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 6 . one of the girl bachelorette party ! jackie bachelorette party ! jackie in girl 's voice Heather , I tell you we should have go to chippendale ! I do not care if they be all gay . jackie okay , how many first date in the house ? crowd reaction . jackie ( cont ’d ) quite a few . ( look at a table ) j- date ? ( table nod ) I think so . ( then to waitress ) table 14 - separate check . ( audience laugh ) how ' bout marry couple ? ( several shout ) oh , quite a few Jackie turn around so he 's face the back Wall . he talk into the mic sotto voce - a internal dialogue . jackie to himself maybe I should not do any marriage joke . everyone 's be a good mood . they just see brett Fucking butler , they be happy . I can not crush they world with bleak shit about marriage . keep it light , right ? Jackie turn around and face the audience . jackie ( growl into mic ) Marriage will suck every speck of life from you soul until there 's nothing leave but one giant fester sore ! no , really . I ’ma big fan of marriage , hicksville . I must be ; I have be marry four time . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) 7 . jackie ( cont 'd ) I do not think it 's just I . I do not think human being be mean to be together . want a relationship ? get a canary . get a fish . do not get a cat -- that 's too sad . but get a hamster . get a dog . a dog 's always happy to see you . a dog do not judge . like when you 's be late ? jackie as dog hey , Jackie , no big deal . woof . jackie you forget to feed they . jackie as dog it 's okay , Jackie , I 'il manage . woof . jackie you can even come home smell like pussy , and they 's 1ll love you even more . jackie as dog ( sniff , sniff ) Jackie , my man ! woof woof .. ( sniff ) ... dawg , you smell great ! you be into some cool shit . woof . woof . jackie you can even bring another dog home . sure , you steady dog might get a little jealous , but the worst he 's gonna do be pee on you carpet , shit on the floor , maybe chew up a shoe or two . my third wife do all that thing . but then she go and do what all wife do -- she get a lawyer . a dog will never do that . a dog will never go out and get a lawyer . and here 's another thing a dog will never do . when a dog die , it will not be resurrected 25 year later on '' nostalgia night . '' now I be not suggest anything , but if you get the right kind of dog -- ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) 8 . Jackie be interrupt by a heckler seat in front with he blonde girlfriend . heckler ( shouting ) enough of this dog shit ! come on , do Eddie ! jackie not now pal , I be work out some new stuff here . heckler yeah , no , I do not pay to hear new material . I pay to see '' Eddie '' . as before , Jackie turn he back to the audience , and speak into the mic sotto voce - Internal dialogue : jackie to himself oh Christ , a heckler . this must be the infamous hicksville heckler I have be warn about . Big , loud , stupid ... I could destroy he , but I might lose the audience . they be on my side now . I be ona roll . 1/11 kill he with kindness , go on with the bit , see where it lead . ( turn back to audience & heckler ) my friend , this be a place of peace where brother and sister gather together to nourish they soul with comedy and refreshment . you have come into this , and -- now yelling at the top of he lung jackie ( cont ’d ) destroyed it all you sniveling , fucking piece of shit cunt , you scum sucking hideous foul detestable poor excuse for a life form . you unevolved , loathsome , vulgar repugnant zit on the ass of mankind . Jackie abruptly turn around again to he '' Internal dialogue '' position . ( continued ) continued : ( 6 ) 9 . jackie to himself I think it 's work ; I be get through to he . that 's what we comedian do , fix it all witha joke . . . with we wit . heckler ( yell from audience ) hey . I be the audience . you be here to entertain I ! you work for I . jackie ( to the audience ) you hear that , I work for he . he turn back to the heckler . jackie ( yell ) you scrofulous , pustular , diseased dick of a CUM chugging , mother fucking , scat munching , ass licking pile of rancid shit . ( then ) please enjoy the rest of the show . Jackie hear the heckler speak triumphantly to he girlfriend . heckler you get this all , Amy ? Jackie peer past the light and see a woman adjust a gopro camera on a professional gopro steadi-stick . amy I do not want all that in we show . jackie ( cont ’d ) be you recording this ? heckler welcome to : ( into go pro ) '' standup takedown '' . amy ( from behind camera ) webisode 19 . Jackie get off the stage and walk towards to the heckler 's table , ( continued ) continued : ( 7 ) 10 . jackie ( cont ’d ) ( walk ) webisode ? you 's be make you own show ? heckler ( into the camera ) this be stand - up take - down ; jackie burke edition ! jackie really ? you be recording my show ? heckler this be my show ! I do carrot top last week . brought-him -down ! Jackie get off the stage and walk to heckler 's table . jackie you go down on carrot top ? heckler grab Jackie 's mic and face go- pro . heckler blow job joke ? a sign of weakness . Jackie try to pull he mic out of heckler 's hand . jackie do not touch the mic . heckler ( into the camera ) this be archie Severin challenging Jackie burke to a comic-face -off . jackie ( pull at mic ) let go of my mic . heckler ( hold onto mic ) Bet they have rather hear my act than yours . I challenge you to a comic - face - off . jackie ( overlap ) not with my mic . ( continued ) continued : ( 8 ) 11 . heckler ( overlap ) what ? you too chicken - shit to throw down with I ? jackie ok , you want the mic - here . Jackie use the heckler 's own force to bang the mic against the heckler 's head and face ... heckler ow . .. stop jackie here ! you want the mic ... you want the fucking mic ... eat it !!! jackie pound the heckler with the mic - blood spurt from the heckler 's nose , Jackie rip the mic out of the heckler hand and push he over the table onto he girlfriend , who scream . Jackie grab the go pro and speak into it in the cadence of he stand - up : jackie and if you do get a dog , do not take it to a comedy club . ( turn to audience ) I see my time be up . thank you everyone . do not forget to tip you waitress , and be careful not to step in the puddle of blood on you way out . good night ! the audience be in shock , but a few shout they approval . Jackie cross to Miller and rush out with she . CUT to : close -up : digital image on a I - pad 9 we see the shaky image of Jackie from the go- pro 's Pov , hit the heckler ( mr. severin ) with the mic . jackie ( on go - pro ) you want the mic.. you want the fuck mic .. eat it !!! the video stop . 12. int . courtroom - day Jackie 's Attorney stand before the judge , judith mansfield , show she the video on the I - pad . the prosecutor stand beside he also watch . jackie 's attorney you honor , as you can clearly see , Mr. Severin grab Mr. burkowitz first . Mr. burkowitz warn Mr. Severin several time to desist , and he refuse . Jackie sit at the defense table . Miller sit behind he . the '' victim '' ( Severin ) with a bandage over he nose and bruise eye , sit behind the prosecutor 's table . judge mansfield any objection to probation ? district attorney with a strong Public apology and substantial Community service . nod to she clerk . attorney return to they client . Jackie 's attorney give he a '' we win '' thumb up . court clerk will the defendant please rise . Jackie stand . judge mansfield Jonathan burkowitz , the court understand there be mitigating circumstance , but nothing excuse you retaliation . it be in the judgement of the court that you will serve 100 hour of community service , attend 10 anger management session and make a allocution and apology . do you understand , Mr. burkowitz ? jackie yes , you honor . judge mansfield and in accordance with the agreement , be you prepare to change you plea from ' not guilty to ' guilty . 's ( continued ) + oe hof * + '' ee * * + hof 13 . continued : Jackie look at he Attorney who nod . * jackie yes , you honor . the Attorney hand Jackie a sheet of paper . Jackie read ; * jackie ( cont ’d ) * I admit to assault and battery on * Mr. Severin . I recognize that I * act in a weak and violent * manner , and I will aggressively * take step to ensure that it will * never happen again . * Jackie glance over at the heckler who smile smugly . * jackie ( cont ’d ) * I also apologize to the court and * to my fan . * judge mansfield * do you have something to say to * Mr. Severin ? * jackie * ( reluctantly ) * I be sorry . * Severin lean across the railing and whisper to the da , * as if to say '' that 's not good enough '' . the da turn and * address the judge . * district attorney * Excuse I , you honor , but I think * the defendant can do a little * better than that . Mr. Severin * could have suffer brain damage . * judge mansfield * Mr. burkowitz , you want to try * that again ? * Jackie look over to Severin - who have a shit-eate * grin , as if to say '' I win , asshole '' . * Jackie take a deep breath and let it out slowly . * jackie no. district attorney / judge mansfield no ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) Miller cover she face . she know what 's come . shock and too late . jackie no . you see , you honor , there 's no way Mr. Severin could have suffer brain damage because , accord to the law as I understand it , it have not be prove in this courtroom that Mr. Severin in fact have a brain . laughter from courtroom spectator . judge mansfield careful , Mr. burkowitz . Miller cover she face . jackie I mean , as soon as the guy open he mouth , it be like gorilla in the mist - look at he - you could tell by he face . you know , judge , the look like Donald trump fuck Alfred E Newman after a night of snort thalidomide . more laughter . the judge pound she gavel for order . severin ( to da ) can he say that to I ? jackie look at he right now , struggle to understand what I be say . judge mansfield stop right now . I be warning you -- jackie this be more than just about I , judge . I think humanity 's fate be in you hand . remember , he be with a female that night . what if they breed ? spectator laugh and cheer '' you tell ’em Jackie ! '' . the judge pound she gavel . prosecutor start shouting . Severin be on he foot shouting . ( continued ) at th hf hof at th hf hof at + hf of 11 12 continued : ( 3 ) 15 . judge mansfield you're in contempt , mr . berkowitz . 30 day in the nassau County correctional Center -take he away . the bailiff roughly grab Jackie and lead he away . as Jackie pass Miller , he wink at she . jackie ( continue ) one day there could be thousand of this one - eye brainless idiot . it 's up to you , you honor ; the fate of the world be in you hand . finish what I start . save the world . lock he up ! cuT to ext . nassau county correctional CENTER - day roll of razor Wire glisten in the sunlight . int . cell block - day Jackie , in a orange uniform , be escort by a prison guard into a double - tiere cell bloc . two naked , totally tattooe latino inmate take shower in a open shower stall . they eye Jackie - '' New meat '' . guard ( shout to inmate ) ok gentleman , let 's give a warm welcome to we newest resident . Jackie hear from all the cell , inmate voice sing : guard & inmate '' when you head get in that cranky place ... watch eddie 's home ... eddie 's home ... eddie 's home ... Jackie walk into he temporary home : dissolve to : + of + ff HH hof * 11 12 13 14 15 16 . ext . nassau county correctional CENTER - dusk 13 30 - day - later : Jackie , in same clothes he wear in court , walk down a long ramp . he hold a clear plastic bag fill with he possession . Miller wait by she car . ext : queen -side entrance to 59 th ST bridge - dusk 14 jackie ( v.o. ) I write new material on the inside . good stuff . int . miller 's car - bridge - day 15 Miller drive as Jackie look out the window ; jackie I have try it on you but you have no sense of humor . miller no , I do not . jackie I have never see you laugh . miller no you have not . jackie how can that be ? you represent comic . miller you just answer you own question . can you imagine how fuck painful my life would be if I have to act like a audience with all my comic ? '' you laugh more at he joke , than ya do at mine '' '' you think he 's funny , he 's not funny '' . so I do not react to anyone and everyone feel equal . jackie and you call that personal management ? you father have affection for he client . ( continued ) 15 16 17 17 . continued : 15 miller which he client do not have . he get you that tv show and you fire he . jackie it be a William Morris package deal . you father understand . miller just do not talk to I about affection . jackie I do not need you affection . you know what I need ? I need to work . I want a New York club . * miller * ( roll she eye ) * yeah , that 'il get you out of the * hole you be in - $ 30 a show at the * Comedy cellar ... you do that 540 * time you might have the money to * pay you attorney fee . * * jackie I be hot now . I be viral . you * father know how to take advantage of opportunity like this ... ( with affection ) '' millah the killah '' I use to call he . miller he love when you call he that . ( beat ) it kill he when you stop . Jackie look out the window at NYC approach . ext : 59 th STREET bridge - day 16 Cars on bridge stream into the heart of Manhattan . ext . industrial bushwick neighborhood - morning 1 * harmony exit a old red brick building , dress for the * cold . * ( continued ) 17 18 . continued : 17 mac ( 0.s. ) hey ! harmony stop , see : mac schutz , sit in the back seat of a limo at the curb . Mac be in he late 60 's with a jaw cut like a Marine , drench in a Florida tan . harmony ( surprised ) what be you do here ? mac happy Thanksgiving . harmony I think you be not come ? mac I fly in last night . get in the car . i’1l drive you to work . harmony no . mac it 's freezing ! get in the fuck car ! harmony I be not drive to a soup kitchen in a limo . forget it . harmony walk away down the sidewalk . mac goddamn it . ( to driver ) I be get out . follow I . Mac get out and catch up to harmony , who be walk towards the elevate '' F '' train on Broadway . mac Jesus . it 's 80 in boca . harmony then go home . mac let I make this simple for you . I need you to come back . be that what you want to hear ? ( continued ) + of * * + + hof 17 continued : ( 2 ) harmony I do not want to hear anything . mac the place do not work the same without you . that old people be not happy unless you be there to take care of they . we finally find something you be good at . why walk away from that ? harmony see ! that 's what I mean . you say thing like that ... mac I mean it as a compliment . harmony it 's not ! I appreciate it but it 's not . you make I sound like I be this problem you have to solve . 19 . harmony mac like I can not do anything you be my problem . you x11 without you . I can not take always be my problem . care of myself . Love ? this because I love you . be love ? harmony dad ! please , let 's not do this on the street . I have get to go . mac oh , and I get my lawyer to work out a arrangement with the court so you can finish you community service in Florida . harmony ( angry ) without ask I ?! mac honey . I think it 's a good idea . what do you want from I ? shoot I . can I borrow you gun ? what 's in NY for you ? you get cheat on . you get dumped . you get arrest . this be not sign of success in this city . harmony face Mac , try to contain she rage : ( continued ) 17 ee + h fh ff HH of + * + of + ff hof + + + + + + HH hf continued : ( 3 ) 20 . 17 harmony go home , dad . she turn and walk down Broadway to catch the El . mac a week from Monday 's my birthday and you be have dinner with I . no if , and or but ... Mac smile and sing to she like she be a little girl . mac '' you be the sunshine of my life ... that 's why I all always be around ... you be the apple of my eye '' .... harmony ( over she shoulder ok ! dinner . just do not sing ! mac ( teasing she ) and have dinner with I be not a gift . I want a gift too . harmony Fucking hell . Leslie run across Broadway to catch the '' f’ train . mac '' you be the sunshine of my life ... forever you all stay in my heart ... '' Mac watch she run up the stair to the '' EL '' . and then get back inside he escalade . 18 ext . BEN 's best deli - lower ease side , NYC - day busy traffic jam the intersection of norfolk Ave & Houston - even on Thanksgiving Day . Jackie lean against a icy wind as he duck into a deli . 17 + + h hof + ff * * + + hof + + hof 18 19 20 21 . int . BEN 's best deli - continuous - thanksgive day Jackie enter . on the back wall be several 8 x 10 's of minor celebrity who have frequent the store , include a sign Jackie burke photo in the center . jame berkowitz - Jackie 's young brother - be work behind the counter . he see Jackie and remove he apron . jame here he be . the prick who come in from the cold . jackie place look good . it smell more jewish than I remember . James turn to he few customer . jame my famous brother , lady and gentleman . probably need money . jackie can I talk to you ? jame ( surprised ) I be right ? Jesus , I be kid . James lead Jackie to a tiny office in the back . int . jame 's kitchen / office - berkowitz deli - continuous James sit behind he desk . Jackie take a seat . jame so , you need money ? jackie no , no it 's fine . I be fine . I be do my community service at the bowery Mission , so I be in the neighborhood - figure I come in and say hello . jame Community service ? oh yeah , see the video . how could you let a heckler get to you like that ? ( continued ) 19 20 20 22 . continued : jackie it be not the heckling . it be the goddamn camera . this fucker be make they own show out of my show . it be nut . jame you look nut . jackie so how be you ? jame good . you ? jackie good . awkward beat . James wait . Jackie hesitates . then : jackie look , the thing be , I lose a lot of gig in the last four week cause of what happen , and I be tapped out . Miller 's re-book they so I need , ya know , walk - around money , just to -- they both start talk simultaneous , overlap each other . jame jackie ( overlap ) ( overlap ) you get some fuck nerve . no listen , it 's nothing . I do not see you . I do not look , it happen so fast . hear from you . nothing . I they take you cell phone gotta read in Google News away in prison . it be like that you be arrest . oz . lotta naked man . I be like I be nothing to you . very occupy stay like my family be nothing single . to you . flo , James 's wife enter and the two brother immediately stop talk . flo command the space . flo Jackie . how nice you be here . jackie hello flo . ( continued ) 20 20 continued : all right . ( 2 ) 23 . flo happy Thanksgiving . we have not see you in how long ? jame I do not even remember . jackie I be in prison . flo no it be long before that . so nice to see you . jackie how 's be the kid ? jame one kid . we get one kid . flo she 's a adult now . jame she 's get marry . jackie really , Brit 's get marry ? flo Brittany . jackie I think she be a dyke . jame you call ’em lesbian , ya prick ! jackie jame Gay . sorry . and they get marry . they can get marry . flo you do not have to come . ( to James ) he do not have to come . jame we send you a invitation . we do not hear nothing . jackie I be in prison . ( continued ) 20 ++ + of continued : ( 3 ) 24 . 20 20 jame before that ! flo he 's do not have to come if he 's too busy . if it 's too much trouble , do not come ... jackie I do not say it be too much trouble .... Jimmy start to realize that flo do not send jackine a * invitation . * flo ( overlap ) no , if it 's too much trouble , do not come . I do not need the extra aggravation if it 's gonna mean trouble for you . I do not need it to become a thing . jackie ( overlap ) I never say it 's ... it 's nota thing . jame ( overlap ) I do not think it 's a thing . flo ( overlap ) if it 's gonna be a thing , then do not bother . jackie ( surrender ) it 's no trouble ! it 's not a thing ! I have love to come . i’1l be there . jame * it 's a week from Sunday . * flo * ( force herself ) * you want to stay and have * Thanksgiving dinner with we after we close ? * Jackie know she 's force the invite ; * ( continued ) 20 continued : she exit . ( 4 ) 25 . 20 jackie not really . and I ’1ll give yaa good excuse . I be work the mission . I get double the hour take off my sentence for work Thanksgiving . + hof flo God forbid you do it ' cause it 's a nice thing .. ( to James ) I need to speak to you when you two be finish . the two brother look to each other . jackie she hate I . jame she do not hate you . jackie she do not ? jame Nah , I be just fuck with you . of course she hate you . you only show up when you need something . jackie that 's it ? sensitive bitch . none of my wife hate you . jame you be not marry to any of the they long enough to meet I . ( then ) so how much do you need ? jackie I do not even remember now . I be exhaust . walk over and look up to he father 's portrait . * jackie pop like I best . jame no he do not . ( continued ) 20 continued : ( 5 ) 26 . jackie no , he do not . ( then ) five thousand . no big deal . you know I 'il get it back to you . James write out a check . jame my daughter idolize you . her famous uncle . ( hand he the check you better show up . jackie thanks . jame and bring a gift . Jackie hand back the check to James . jackie okay , but that 's 1ll cost you extra . CUT to : int . burkowitz deli - cash register - day flo be speak with karola , a statuesque german blond — beautiful , but tough as nail . flo we pay a $ 30,000 deposit . karola yes , and the second $ 30,000 be due today . flo ( digging in she heal ) we 'il pay the balance on the day of the ceremony . karola ( shaking she head ) no . James be walk Jackie out and recognize karola and turn on the charm . ( continued ) 20 20 - B + +h hof * + * 20 - a 27 . continued : jimmy whoa , look who 's here ( kiss she hand ) karola , meet my famous brother , Jackie burke ( turn to Jackie ) Jackie , this beautiful fraulein run Da mikele illagio , where Brittany be get hitched . Jackie - karola muller . karola ( a seductive smile ) oh , we already know each other . Jackie look at she quizzically karola ( cont ’d ) you do not remember ? jackie ( baffle ) sorry ... karola you & I .. after one of you show at caroline 's jackie I have not play caroline 's in ten year . ( shaking he head ) sorry , I be drink a lot in that day . karola ( knowingly ) yes you be jackie ( ducking past she ) sorry , gotta run -- big lunch date at the bowery Mission . ( stage whisper ) the food be much better there . ( then ) auf wiedersehen Jackie run out of the deli . karola be miff , but Jimmy try to smooth thing over . 20 - a ( continued ) +o ff HH HH hof * * + hof * * + + HH HH of 28 . 20-a continued : ( 2 ) 20-a jimmy * ( turn to karola ) * can I get you anything ? * ( seductively ) * latka ? * flo * cool it , Don Juan , the '' enforcer '' * be here to collect another 30 * grand . * karola * it 's in the contract . * flo * you think I read all 70 page of * that ferkakta contract . * karola * ( stand she ground ) * yes , I expect you to . * jimmy * ( cut she off ) * florie , they check be in the * register . just give it to karola . * flo take a check we of the Cash Register . * flo * ( feign surprise ) * oh , here it be . at least you * save I a stamp . * karola lean down and hug Jimmy . he can not help look * into she ample cleavage . she stand back up and say : * karola * now , I have like a bowl of you matza * Ball Soup . flo * sure a big bowl . it cost $ 30 * Grand . CUT to : * 21 ext . the bowery mission - thanksgive day 21 a sign above the door : '' he that cometh to I shall never hunger '' . camera track down a long line of homeless people , mostly man , stretch down the sidewalk . ( continued ) 21 22 29 . continued : 21 jackie ( v.o. ) grow up , my family observe all the Thanksgiving tradition . my favorite be my uncle moshit tell the Thanksgiving Story . int . the bowery mission - continuous - day 22 the cramped space be fill with hungry vet , hooker , tranny , etc ... some still shiver from the cold . Jackie , wear a black hair net underneath a sanitary hat , be dish out food . while dish out food , he speak into a microphone on a stand ; jackie uncle moshit tell I that before the first Thanksgiving , pilgrim think turkey be sex object . they could not fly and '' gobble gobble '' be puritan for '' blowjob '' . when the Indians show up - right after the macy 's parade - they bring turkey all truss up . the pilgrim be piss . they be like '' they be eat we fuck bird '' . but be puritans , they do not want to be rude . and it turn out , turkey taste better than go down on they wife . Beyond the line of homeless , Jackie can not help notice - harmony , refilling ice tea and cup of coffee - laugh at Jackie 's routine along with the crowd . jackie so the puritans stop fuck the turkey and start fuck the Indians instead . and that 's how we steal they country and make the turkey we national bird . scatter applause and laugh . Jackie 's eye follow harmony across the room , fill the coffee cup of two vet as she talk to they . she 's full of energy . everyone seem to like she . include Jackie . 23 24 30 . int . the bowery mission - later that day 23 Wide shot ; volunteer be clean up . Jackie be holdin g * he paperwork . we see he ask one of the volunteer where the supervisor be . the volunteer point upstairs . Jackie walk up a flight of stair to the chapel office in the balcony , feature a stain glass window . int . chapel office - continuous 24 the office 's door be ajar . Jackie pause when he hear a one sided argument from inside the office : harmony ( 0.s. ) you really be a piece of shit , GEORGE , you know that ... oh really ?... how be this all my fault now ! tell I !..... Jackie inch the door open to see harmony pace behind a desk while on the phone . harmony oh please , I didn ’t it throw at her , I be throwing it at you and she walked in front of it . that 's on her , that 's not on I . who doe that !??... be you still seeing her ? so she 's not there ! oh really ? I follow you on instagram , you moron !... grateful ?! grateful for what , GEORGE ! fuck you . fuck you with you stupid hair ... no I ’m taking the high road !!... so you want to get together or be this over ? + ff HH hf HH fh hof slam the phone down , she be startle by Jackie . harmony what the fuck be you do , stand there listen to a private conversation ? jackie sorry , they tell I I need you to sign the paperwork for my hour . harmony I be not the supervisor . you want bobbi . she 's at the store . ( continued ) 31 . continued : jackie oh sorry , I just assume -- harmony I be allow to use the office ! we do not get cell service in here . jackie ok . harmony but do not say anything . jackie nope . I will not say anything . I be not mess with you , lady . I be just glad I be not George . harmony what do you know about George ? jackie ( protect himself ) he 's a piece of shit ! harmony you get that right . Jackie smirk , disarming harmony a bit . she soften . harmony I know you . jackie oh yeah ? harmony you 's be Jackie burke . my dad love you show . I have see every episode . jackie always nice to meet a fan . harmony not really . we only have one tv . this deflect Jackie for a moment . jackie what 's you name ? ( continued ) 24 25 - a 25 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 harmony harmony schutz . jackie harmony schutz ? be you parent in a Nazi barbershop quartet ? harmony that 's so funny . * jackie ( flirty ) well , you know , they say once you make a woman laugh , you can make she do anything . harmony stop laugh , more fascinate than insulted . harmony be that a old say ? jackie well -- as harmony exit ... * harmony ( interrupt ) as in very , very old ? end on Jackie - he 's intrigue . * close - up : a high fidelity needle be lowered onto a lp 25 - B int . jackie 's apartment - night 25 a nice , but cluttere two - bedroom apartment that have not be redecorate in decade . lot of book , notebook video . through the window e can see the brick building next door . + of F Jackie stand in he boxer short and a tee shirt , irone a pair of pants . as he listen to Art blakey 's - '' meet you at the Jazz corner of the World vol . 2 '' as the famous midget , pee wee marquette introduce the band , Jackie mouth the word perfectly : + fof ( continued ) 25 26 26 - a 27 28 33 . continued : pee wee marquette lady & gentlemen , we be now beginning the 3rd set with the terrific Art blakey and he Jazz messenger from the Jazz corner of the World . Lee Morgan on trumpet , Wayne shorter on the tenor saxophone , Bobby timmon on the piano and Jimmy merritt on the bass , soul Brothers on this scene now , gonna really do a cool one for ya . how bout a nice hand , everyone together , for the one and only Art blakey and he Jazz messenger ( Jackie change he deliver as Art blakey speak ) thanks you very much lady & gentlemen for you kind attention and you generous applause . at this time we have like to do a tune compose and arrange by hank mobley : High mode . 25 + + HH hf fh ff HH hf HH hf HH hf HH HH of ext . comedy cellar - macdougal STREET - night 26 rain pelt a hip crowd line up on the sidewalk . Jackie pass they , nodd to the door man , and descend the funky stair into this Comedy Mecca . int . comedy cellar - upstair bar area - night 26 - k& walk into this mecca of Comedy . he approach the * ' comic table 's where several well - know comic sit * kibitze . they ignore he - it 's clear that there 's no * room at this ' hip 's table for Jackie . he move on to : * int . comedy cellar showroom - night 2 k a black comedian , greer barn , try out new material on a tiny stage . Jackie pace slowly in the back aisle , check out the competition . he never laugh , occasionally nod approval . int . used clothing locker - the bowery mission - day 28 Jackie hand out use clothing to a homeless group . ( continued ) 28 29 34 . continued : 28 jackie ( place -holder ) I have a question ? if you be all '' the homeless '' then where be all '' the bum '' ? I mean , I get you be all have a hard time , but where be the guy who just do not want to fuck work ? where do they eat ? a bum ask I , '' give I ten dollar till payday '' I say '' when 's payday ? '' , bum say , '' I do not know - you be the one work '' ... the homeless crowd laugh - they like he , and so do harmony who be watch unseen in the doorway . harmony walk past Jackie and the homeless man into the store room , Jackie excuse himself and follow she . int . storage room - the bowery mission - simultaneous 29 Jackie enter this large storage area , cramme with donate can good . harmony be take inventory . jackie how ya doin ? harmony be startle . * harmony I * jackie * Force of habit . a emcee usually * do a intro . * harmony ( be : the homeless ) they like you out there . * ( off Jackie 's nod ) I see that you tube video - for what it 's worth , I think you be right for knock the guy out , but my dad 's a ex-con so I may not be the best judge . jackie thanks . harmony how many hour do they give you ? ( continued ) 29 continued : jackie 100 . you ? harmony 250 . what charge ? jackie assault . harmony I too . how come I get 150 more hour ? that 's not fair . you could 's have cause brain damage . what do you get , a celebrity discount ? I mean , not that I mind help out but it 's the principal . why should a woman get more than a man ? jackie well , I be provoke . harmony I be provoke too . jackie what , you catch he in bed with someone ? harmony how do you know ? jackie I have be there . I recognize the key you be scream in . what do you do ? harmony I dislocate he jaw . jackie woah . and the woman ? harmony I throw a lamp at she . ( Jackie 's impressed ) it be not a big lamp . and it would not have break she wrist if she do not try to block it . ( Jackie laugh ) look , I be sorry if I overreact the other day -- 35 . 29 + fh HH of ( continued ) 29 continued : 36 . ( 2 ) jackie no , no , I hope you do not think I be comin’ on too strong or anything . I just figure , we be gonna be do time together , we con should stick together . harmony drop a jar of olive . she lose it . harmony goddamn it !... christ ! Jackie can see harmony 's between cry & laugh , at she lowest point ... harmony I can not catch a fuck break . ( try to clean it ) jackie here , wait ... harmony ( touch glass ) ow . Jackie grab a roll of paper towel and kneel beside she and help . jackie watch the glass . as they clean mess . harmony sorry . you must think I be such a mess . jackie forget it . be you free tonight ? harmony ( beat ) unbelievable . Jackie , look , it 's nothing personally but I be not have sex with you . jackie who ask ? I have a better idea . 29 ee * 30 37 . int : comedy cellar stage - night 30 jessica kirson be on the tiny stage do she outrageous comedy routine - she 's very funny . Jackie escort harmony along the back aisle toward a table , but then jessica 's eye catch sight of Jackie . jessica kirson wait a minute , I see a fellow jerseyite . be that Jackie burke ? give it up everybody for Jackie burke . people 's head turn . people start applaud . jessica kirson it 's so nice when the big star come and bring they hooker with they , be not it ? look at she . ( to harmony ) have you swallow anything beside protein this year , darling ? though the butt of the joke , harmony be have fun be part of the scene . jessica kirson Jackie , would you fuck a woman with more real estate , like I ? jackie Jesus , I do fuck you . you do not even notice . I fuck you up the ass , all I get be a burp . jessica and the audience laugh . jackie remember ? I go down on you , take I four day to find my way out . jessica kirson get up here ! Jackie rise and go to the stage with jessica , grab a second mic . everyone cheer and applaud . harmony be have a great time , forget she trouble , be in Jackie 's company . ( note : work with jessica to create jackie and jessica improv bit with harmony having a punch line ) 38 . 31 ext . west village ST . - night 31 Jackie and harmony be walk from the Comedy cellar . harmony be hype up ; harmony that 's be amazing ! I feel like I be high , ya know . get laugh make you feel high , do not it ? ( Jackie smile ) you 's be so much funnier than '' Eddie '' . and so fast . do you come up all that on the spot ? Jackie like she even more for that . jackie ( flatter ) some of it ... hey , uh ... you free Saturday ? harmony ( take it wrong ) aw , Jackie , look , I --- jackie no , no , no ... I get this wedding . my niece 's wedding . I gotta go , but I do not want to go alone . I just think ... you have be a great wing - man , we could have a few laugh ... harmony stop and look at Jackie for a beat . harmony ok . jackie really ? you be free Saturday ? what , you get no life ? harmony ignore the insult , know Jackie better ; harmony but you have gotta do something for I . my dad 's birthday be Monday . come to dinner with we . he ask I for a gift , and you be it . jackie deal . CUT to : 32 33 39 . a spectacular view of lower manhattan from the window of : int . RAW tv network lobby - day Jackie , wear a cool , pork - pie hat stand with Miller in the ultra hip lobby of RAW tv - all cement and glass . a ultra-hip / ultra-young '' development exec '' arrive and shake Jackie 's hand . she ignore Miller . ashley hello , I be Ashley Nathan , Carol bock 's associate . it 's a honor to meet you , mr.burke . ' Eddie 's Home 's be a television milestone . jackie thanks for read my Wikipedia page . he look at all the austere hippness . jackie ( cont 's ( cont ’d ) you sure this be a tv network ? look more like the wait room for a hipster hospice . ashley ( proudly ) we like to think RAW tv be the progressive alternative to network . jackie sorry , you lose I on '' we like to think . '' miller Jackie . ashley ( unfaze ) maybe you should watch RAW . '' nake Boot Camp '' be the most watch new show on Basic cable . she put two botle of water on the conference table . ashley ( cont ’d ) ( exite ) Carol bock will be right with you . after Ashley leave and Jackie look after she . ( continued ) 32 '' ee ee + fff hof + fof * + hf 33 34 35 40 . continued : 33 jackie * ' Raw 's as in half baked ? * miller ' Raw 's as in ' rough . 's for they , go viral cause you beat the shit out of someone be a plus . ok of CUT to : * close up : a pair of stylish combat boot on the 34 conference table . jackie ( v.o. ) . in he third year of a 15 - year sentence for manslaughter for beat a heckler to death . int : RAW tv conference room - day 35 the combat boot belong to : carol bock , President of Comedy for Raw tv . to compliment she combat boot , Carol wear a hip , designer '' Day of the Dead '' shirt . six people in they late 2us - early 30 's be strategically place around they leader at the table listen to Jackie 's pitch . Miller sit next to Jackie . carol ( smile ) where do that idea come from ? jackie I do not know . thing just come * outta I ... * carol ( laugh ) of course . go on . jackie he become like the convict king of the prison , run everything * from drug to woman to revenge . the jailhouse gang report to he - - the crip , Aryan Nation , mexican mafia , all of they . he 's funny -- and ruthless . it 's like '' break bad '' on acid . only funnier . miller and pure Jackie burke . * ( continued ) 35 41 . continued : carol you 'il write ? jackie I will write the pilot and punch up all the script . carol we channel 's target audience be 18-24 . miller he play to that demo all the time . they will eat this up . carol you have get a title ? jackie '' burke on the block . '' no , you know you audience . I be open to anything . carol '' burke on the block . '' funny . all the exec look at each other with nodd smile . carol ok . great ... I have just get to say , Eddie ... God , sorry , I mean Jackie . can not believe I say that . jackie no worry . carol it 's a delicious idea . and you you tube video have get a lot of view . let I posse with my group here . there 's a lot of stuff here to consider . miller how much time do you need ? Carol ignore Miller . carol I have to tell you , Jackie - you be the reason I be in television . in television comedy . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 35 42 . continued : ( 2 ) carol ( cont 'd ) when I be a kid , I remember laugh so hard at you , I could not wait to grow up . it be so great to meet you . jackie thanks . thank you . carol but , listen the idea be terrific and we ’1ll -- jackie but ? do I hear a '' but '' ? I hear a '' but '' . be that the same as '' I need some time '' ? ( look at group ) I know there be a lot of '' but '' sit here , but ... the exec be laugh with a slight tension in the room . carol Jackie , '' but '' be part of my job description . jackie well , then I do not need you to go past '' but '' ... it 's not necessary . time be not on anyone 's side here . especially mine . miller Carol just explain the process of try to get something -- jackie ( overlap ) you do not need to explain any process '' but '' . what be I , seventeen ? no , let 's not play more nonsense . carol ( nod , unintimidate ) understood . thanks for come - in . as Jackie stand abruptly to storm out of the room : ashley you forget you hat . ( continued ) 35 * + + of 35 36 37 43 . continued : ( 3 ) 35 Jackie grab he hat and exit . Miller follow . Carol & she posse shake they head in hipper- than - thou style . int . central stairway / RAW tv lobby - continuous 36 Jackie bound down the stair in anger . Miller race to catch up . jackie what be I a rent-a -comic ? miller she 's a fan who run a cable network . jackie there be a neon sign on she forehead that say '' no . you do not see it ? miller there be new executive out there . you have to cultivate they . they say no this time , you come back with another idea . jackie I come back and tap dance some more for this fuck jerk without a ounce of talent between they . they 's be gonna tell I what 's funny and what 's not ? miller be funny be not enough anymore . this sacrilegious remark stop Jackie cold . jackie ( dead serious ) now you be fire . Jackie turn and walk away , leave Miller stand . ext . da mikele illagio - queen - day 3h a catering / reception venue . a sleety winter day . taxi pull up . Jackie and harmony , dress in overcoat , * battle the sleet from the cab to the front door . * 44 , int . da mikele illagio lobby / staircase - continuous - day * karola be pace back and forth , on the telephone . * karola * ( officious ) * I need 12 more case of Champagne * deliver to the versaille room . * no the Spanish stuff , they be * * pureto rican . * Jackie and harmony run in , shed they over coat . karola ( cont ’d ) ( enunciate every syllable ) Mr. Jackie berk-o-witz. ( appraise harmony ) and friend . ( turn to she assistant ) take they thing . ( they hand off they thing ) you be late . it 's already start . tt + h hf HH hf HH hf karola lead Jackie & harmony up a grand staircase . * harmony * they have not do the glass * break yet , have they ? * adalgisa * the ceremony be a hour ago . * we be about to present the bride . * Jackie , follow the woman up the stair , eyeing harmony 's * stylish , form -fitting cocktail dress that leave nothing * to the imagination . she 's get a great body . * jackie * Nice dress . too bad they do not * have it in you size ? how do you * * get in and out of it ? harmony * ( over shoulder ) * you will never find out . * ( look back reproachful ) * ah ... we miss the ceremony ... * the glass break be my favorite * part . * ( continued ) 39 45 . continued : jackie when my sister - in - law see you in that dress , she 's libel to break something else . int . da mikele illagio reception hall - day a dazzle , over - the-top ballroom feature tracer LED light in the ceiling . a 5 - piece wedding band strike up the familiar intro of journey 's '' do not stop belivin 's '' , as Brittany & she new bride , frankie dance together in the middle of a circle of table . the audience applaud . karola ( at the mic ) lady & gentlemen : the newly wed - Brittany burkowitz & franke Nelson - spouse for life . wedding band '' just a small town girl , livin 's in a lonely world she take the midnight train goin 's anywhere . in the rear of the hall , harmony offer enthusiastic applause while Jackie be motionless . karola interrupt James , who be accept congrat from family , and point to Jackie & harmony . he rush over . jame you 's be here . jackie harmony this be my brother Jimmy . harmony pleasure . congratulation . James be knock out by harmony 's body as well . jame thank you ...uh ... ( call os ) florie , look who 's here ! flo approach , see Jackie and frown . jackie hello flo . ( continued ) g + + + + fh ff HH + hf * + of 39 46 . continued : she ignore he . jame florie , this be Jackie 's friend , harmony . this be my wife , Florence . harmony congratulation . flo thank you . ( look at she nipple ) cold out there , huh ? Brittany and she wife , frankie , rush over . brittany uncle Jackie !! oh my God ! I be so glad you come . ( they embrace ) this be my wife , frankie . frankie , this be my famous uncle Jackie . jackie ( kiss Brittany ) congratulation kid ... Jackie shake frankie 's hand , feign surprise . jackie ( cont ’d ) you be a lesbian ! frankie ( defiant ) be there a problem with that ? jackie actually , yeah , we always hope Brittany would marry a straight woman . frankie can not help herself . she smile . Jackie hug she . jackie ( cont ’d ) congratulation , frankie , you get yourself a helluva fella . frankie thanks , uncle Jackie . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 39 + of + + ee + hof * + of * * * 39 47 . continued : ( 2 ) frankie ( cont 'd ) come meet we friend . ( shout to friend ) guy ! frankie and Brittany 's friend enter the scene and crowd around Jackie . frankie ( cont ! D ) Mr. burke , this be Nathan , this be cat , lissa , .. ( continue o.s . ) James , flo and harmony get shove to the side on they own , watch by the sideline . harmony she look beautiful . I love the dress . flo kleinfeld . harmony and frankie have a different one . flo they be partner , not twin . have you know Jackie long ? jame flo ... harmony we be just friend . flo where do you meet ? harmony I pick he up at a homeless shelter . flo oh , I be so sorry . a pretty girl like you on the street harmony no , no . I work there . flo oh how nice . what a nice thing . ( to James ) ya hear what she do ? ( continued ) 39 +e of 40 41 continued : ( 3 ) James try not to stare at she body . jame a nice thing . brittany uncle Jackie , you be gonna get up a say a few word , right ? please . jackie no , no , I be just a guest today . 48 . jame flo ( panicked ) ( panicked ) no , no baby . he 's a guest . yeah , Brittany no ...we leave he alone . do not wanna have a whole thing . brittany ( ignore they ) aw , come on , uncle Jackie . ya gotta . for I . come on ... please ! Jackie eye James and flo who clearly do not want he to '' say a few word '' . he look to harmony , who beam he a smile , fully aware of the discomfort he 's in . then to Brittany , expectant , hopeful . he smile . jackie sure kid . time CUT to : the wedding band strike up the ' hora '. int . dance floor - da mikele illagio - later - day everybody hold hand and dance around the bride and Groom . Jackie be in misery but harmony love it . harmony come-on . jackie ( shake he head ) you go ahead . physical comedy 's not my thing . ( continued ) 39 + of of + ot of 40 4 ' * + of 41 49 , continued : 4l harmony jump in between Jimmy & he age uncle , seymour . harmony 's have a ball and uncle seymour & Jimmy dig she . as Jackie stand outside the circle watch , karola come up beside he . karola you really do not remember I ? jackie ( brush she off ) no I honestly do not . karole ( turn cold ) well , they say that the memory be the first thing toat go with age . jackie ( right back at she ) I only remember the good one . ( step toward the circle ) Excuse I . as the bride and groom exit the circle , uncle seymour jump in the middle and dance the old Russian step ; leg kick with arm over he chest . the crowd love it . suddenly , uncle seymour go over and pull harmony onto the dance floor . Jackie and James and flo watch with respective interest and judgement . although harmony 's step have nothing to do with the uncle 's step , the crowd get bigger and the clap get louder . the uncle be spur on by the excitement of harmony dance with he , start to go faster and faster , until he leap backwards and crash to the floor . the crowd gasp and applaud simultaneously . harmony immediately move to help the old man to he foot , but karola slice in , not want a liability suit . karole ( attentive ) be you all right ! ( continued ) + + + hf + hof + ff of of 50 . 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 the uncle seymour realize that he 's get two beautiful woman catering to he , so he go limp , press against they body , try to touch they as much as he can as they help he up ; he hand find karola 's breast . karole ( cont ’d ) ( slap he hand away ) it 's not my heart we be worried about . harmony look at karola and laugh out loud . Jackie can not take he eye off of harmony ... CUT to : 42 wedding band plays billy joel 's '' just the way you be '' 43 int . jackie & harmony 's table - a few minute later karola escort harmony back to the table where Jackie await . karola smile at he as she say : karola ( to harmony ) how long have you be dating ? harmony this be not a date . karola do not expect too much from he . karola look right at Jackie and make a sign with she thumb & index finger - a inch apart . karola kleine schwanz she turn and walk away . harmony ( to Jackie ) I do not speak german , but I think that mean -- jackie ( interrupt ) I know what it mean ! ( continued ) of of of 4 m ay + of + of 43 continued : 51 . before harmony can sit down , two little boy run buy shouting at the top of they lung , almost knowk she down . the bride , harmony Little shit . jackie no maternal instinct ? harmony no , my maternal instinct start when they be 25 . jackie ever be marry ? harmony no. jackie how can a girl like you be unattach ? I do not get it . harmony oh I have be attach plenty of time . just never stick . we hear the clink -clink of champagne glass . Brittany , be on the bandstand talk into the mic . brittany can I have you attention everybody ? the guest quiet down . brittany ( cont ’d ) you can not imagine how happy I be that you all come to share this incredible day with we . harmony lean into Jackie . harmony she seem like a nice kid . jackie I do not know she that well . ( continued ) + of F + + hof 52 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 brittany * you may have notice that my uncle * Jackie burke be here .. * harmony check Jackie 's reaction . some people applaud . * brittany ( cont ’d ) some of you may recognize he as Eddie from '' Home with Eddie '' . but I have know he all my life . I still remember he teach I dirty joke when I be a kid . before I could say '' da da '' , I could say '' can can '' . he teach I the '' B '' word ... the '' S '' word ... the '' fy '' word ... all of they . + ff HH fh hf * people laugh . Jackie lean back to harmony . jackie I do not need to teach she the '' C '' word -- she pick that up all by herself . + of brittany and it mean so much to I that he 's here today after way too many year . so please - give a welcome - to my uncle Jackie whose gonna come up and say a few word . Jackie burke ! + fh hf the crowd applaud . florie & James - immediately on edge . * harmony * careful up there . we be * outnumber . * he step up to the bandstand , give Brittany a big showy * hug , then take the mic and lift he glass . we see he * gird himself with a shudder shake of he head . * jackie * I be so honore to be here to * celebrate Brittany and frankie 's * * wedding . * Jackie slip into he persona with great ease . he love a good crowd . * ( continued ) 43 53 . continued : ( 3 ) jackie ( cont ’d ) flo , thank you and Jimmy for invite I to this beautiful occasion . and all the other family member - many of whom I think be dead . most of whom hope I be dead . Big laugh . harmony be enjoy he . so be James . flo you better not be laugh . jame ( catch ) no! jackie family ... family ... he pause . you can see he think . be he go sentimental on we . James know he 's not , murmure ; jame oh shit . jackie no one can fuck you up like family . audience laugh . James wince . flo fume . harmony love it . jackie ( cont ’d ) I have a tragic childhood . my father molest my little brother and the bastard never touch I . I mean , look at Jimmy and look at I - he growth stunt , but I woulda change place anytime . do you know what it 's like grow up feel unwanted ? know you father do not find you attractive enough to fondle ? would it have be so terrible for he to play with my dick a little ?... I do not know frankie very well , but I hope she 's a better parent than ours and violate all they child . not just the cute one . meeskite need love too . ( continued ) 43 + fh hf + '' + + h hf + hf fh hf HH HH hof 43 continued : ( 4 ) 54 . many of the guest be shocked . James cover he face . flo want to kill , but Brittany , frankie , friend love it . jackie ( cont ’d ) I know we be suppose to pretend that there 's nothing unusual about this event -- just another middle class jewish wedding . ( sarcastic ) right . ( then ) so let I address the eight hundred pound gorilla in the room . ( beat ) that would be flo . jackie ( cont ’d ) flo , it 's okay . it be just another middle class jewish wedding . and just like all jewish marriage , once the ceremony be over , there will be no blow job . ever . but somehow I do not think that 's go to be a problem here . let I be serious for just one moment ... if we be honest , we all have to admit that frankie be not what we want as a mate for we Brittany . gasp from the crowd . jackie ( cont ’d ) it 's a abomination . really , Brittany . . . a shiksa ? laughter and relief . jackie ( cont ’d ) now before the couple cut the giant vagina cake -- ( aside ) save I some vulva . ( then ) -- they have ask I to announce that they be register at sak 's bridal registry , marty 's House of flannel , and papa jess 's sperm Bank . now do not get carry away and swallow . ( more ) and they ( continued ) 43 * + + h hf fhf fh hf + ff HH HH hf fh hf ++ + hf fhf fh hf 43 55 . continued : ( 5 ) 43 jackie ( cont ’d ) and I want to thank my own father * for die before he could sue I * for slander . Love you , pop ! * ( raise glass ) * l’chaim ! * Jackie put down the mic and walk off the bandstand . * Brittany , frankie , and they young friend give he a * stand ovation . guest be either appal or howling . * Jackie grab a applaud , laugh harmony and pull * she out the door . * the crowd 's now evenly split between the lover & hater . * jackie * I want to thank my own father for * die before he could sue I for * slander . Love you , pop ! * ( raise glass ) * l’chaim ! * Jackie put down the mic and walk off the bandstand . * Brittany , Alan and they young friend give hima * stand ovation . guest be either appal or howling . * Jackie grab a applaud , laugh harmony and pull * she out the door . * int . upstair stairway landing - continuous * before Jackie & harmony can descend the stair , James and * flo intercept they . * jame * you just could not stop yourself , * could ya ? * flo * this low life motherfuck * brother of yours take a dump at * we kid 's wedding and that 's all * * you 's be gonna say ? jame what do you want I to say ? this be clean compare to Mom 's funeral . + of ( continued ) 56 . continued : harmony wait a minute . what be you yell at he for ? Brittany want Jackie burke and she love it . he do it for she . flo and harmony overlap and get aggressive with each other ; flo harmony ( overlap ) ( overlap ) who the fuck be you to hey ! Lady . do not start with talk to I like that ? who I ... ( continue ... ) invite you , with the no underwear dress ... ... ( continue ... ) suddenly , karola appear , try to restore order . karola it 's time to cut the cake . no response . she clear she throat loudly . karole it 's time to CUT the cake ! James and jacki2 each take they woman and try to prevent they from fight ing . jame flo , let 's go cut the cake . flo ( to Jackie ) you 's be lucky I do not have my brother cut you nut sack off before you get to the tunnel . jackie ( to they all ) I do not see the problem . I kill . flo go at Jackie , but James and adalgisa grab she . karola ( loud whisper ) please , Mrs berkowitz , remember , you be the mother of the bride . flo shut the fuck up , heidi , I be pay for this circus ! ( continued ) + +h hof of + hf th of of 45 57 . continued : ( 2 ) James and karola pull flo back into the party . as Jackie & harmony start down the stair , harmony break out laugh . harmony wow . flo 's a scary bitch . ( imitate flo ) '' you 's re lucky my brother don ’t CUT you nutsack off before you get to the tunnel '' . jackie ( impress , smile ) hey that 's good . harmony be she brother in the mob ? jackie no , they own a dry cleaner . same thing . ( note ; jackie and harmony improv , making each other laugh as they exit ) . harmony ( laugh ) dry cleaner be mobster ? jackie yeah , that 's where the expression , '' I be gonna hang ya out to dry '' come from . harmony ( laugh , push he ) it do not ... they continue down the stair , laugh and teasing each other . CUT to : ext . SPARKS steak house - east 46th ST - night a cab pull up in front of the restaurant . Jackie and harmony get out . harmony thanks for do this . ( continued ) + hof * + of + of * * a > 45 46 58 . continued : harmony suddenly take a deep breath ... fight nerve . jackie hey , take it easy . harmony easy for you to say . jackie ( totally sincere ) you look beautiful . she appreciate that . int . SPARKS house steak house - night Mac , dress in a expensive suit , sit in a back booth with a too young Puerto rican girl . Mac see they enter and can not believe he eye . he abruptly rise , peck rosie on the lip , smack she ass out of the booth . rosie pass Jackie and harmony as they arrive . Mac do a double take when he see Jackie . mac whoa . oh my God , be you kid I ? be this who I think it be ? be it Eddie ? my God , it 's Eddie . Boy you do it this time , baby ... ( kiss / hug harmony ) what a birthday surprise . '' arleeene ! '' ... before anyone can react , Mac rise , hug Jackie , give he a aggressive welcoming while continue : mac thank you . thank you for all the countless laugh Eddie . countless . jackie happy birthday . it 's Jackie by the way . mac ( overlap ) can not count ’em . man o’man I have enjoy you . in fact , so much - I can do you . I can ! do she tell you ? ( continued ) 45 46 + + of * * + hof 46 59 . continued : harmony he can do you . mac I have be do you in the bathroom and at party for decade . jackie you get a better manager than I do . Mac finally let go , encourage everyone to sit down as he signal the waiter for more drink . mac sit. sit. Jesus , I do not believe this ! what a birthday present ! ( call ) gino ! Ring the register . Eddie 's here ! ( to Jackie ) what be you drink ? jackie chiva on the rock . mac ( kiss she cheek ) my baby drink martinis ... mac ( to Jackie ) hey , how about give we a big arleene ... where be you ... do it , come on . harmony dad , do not . mac hey , I do not expect anybody to work for free . Mac place a wad of cash on the table . harmony ( shove back money will you stop . ( to Jackie ) I be sorry . ( continued ) 46 +h of + of 46 60 . continued : ( 2 ) mac no , for what ? no , you misunderstand . I do not want to embarrass you Eddie . I x11 tell you what , let I do it . let I do you . I get you down . Jackie pull out a wad of cash and put it on the table . jackie I will pay ya not to . mac that 's funny , but you do not want to get into a pissing contest with I about money . harmony glance at Jackie , grateful for he indulgence . mac come on , let 's have some fun . this be I be respectful . you be my favorite . Mac slightly rise from the banquette and begin shaping he face like '' Eddie '' , then attempt '' Eddie '' 's voice : mac '' arleeene .. whose vibrator be this ? did you take the batteries outta the smoke alarm again ? '' alternate line for harvey to quote '' eddie 's home '' : mac arleeene ! do not serve I any foreign food ... only hamburger , hot dog and Egg roll . mac areeeene ! if God want we to eat potato pancake , he would have make Jesus a Jew . as drink arrive , harmony grab hers and drink it down . harmony ok . show 's over . let order . mac how about the timing ? give I some imput . ( continued ) 46 + of + of 46 61 . continued : ( 3 ) jackie I think you be I for a second . try it again while you be drink a glass of water . mac I get more ... ' arleeene ... Eddie junior here be wear a tutu ! a tutu ! hahahaha . God you be great ... Jackie give harmony a look as if to say '' this be fuck hell '' . harmony have another drink . it help . Mac see harmony slide she drink to Jackie . mac so how do you two meet ? harmony we do community service at the Mission . mac oh right . yeah well , that 's all over , baby . I get ’em to transfer you hour to Florida . harmony react angrily . Jackie clock she reaction . harmony we talk about that . what if I do not want to go to Florida ? mac you do not know what you want . ( to Jackie ) she 's always be a troubled girl . harmony I be still at the table ! mac ( to harmony ) look , it 's do . I charter a plane . we leave tomorrow . Jackie watch harmony , upset , down she drink . Jackie slide he scotch over to she . she drink that . ( continued ) 46 + + hof + + * 46 62 . continued : ( 4 ) Jackie see a opportunity to back she up and irritate Mac , so he set Mac up : jackie what 's in Florida ? mac I own this retirement community in Del re b ny Beach . we help the elderly live out they life with some dignity . harmony be nice to get through dinner with some dignity . mac she 's so good with the old people . she 's get a magic touch . Jackie take she hand , much to Mac 's distress : jackie well , she 's a wonderful person . ( to harmony ) it 's ok honey . we ’1ll wait till you back from Florida before we find a place . harmony / mac what ? Jackie now get revenge by irking mac. jackie we be move in together . be it ok if I call you dad ? mac you be a funny man . but this be my daughter . jackie every woman 's somebody 's daughter . I pretty sure that Puerto rican girl be somebody 's granddaughter . mac harmony 's my daughter . she 's not somebody 's punch line . she 's special . harmony let out a sarcastic laugh . ( continued ) 46 + of 46 continued : ( 5 ) harmony I want another drink . Jackie rub harmony 's hand comfortingly . jackie whatever you want baby . he gesture the waiter . Mac be seethe . mac I do not like what I be see here . jackie maybe you should wear glass . mac no offense but you look much older than I picture you . jackie that 's funny , cause you look much older but I never picture you . mac when I see you look at my daughter and the way she 's look at you ... harmony how be I look at he ? mac I want to know what be you expectation here ? jackie ( overlap ) my expectation ? mac ( overlap ) expectation . yeah . with my daughter ? harmony know where Jackie 's go with this . harmony ( under she breath ) oh shit . 63. ( continued ) 46 46 64 . continued : ( 6 ) jackie to fuck she brain out . after that , we will see . a new martini arrive . harmony downs it . mac you know , I be a sucker for a clown . jackie and I be a sucker for a girl with daddy issue . harmony 's have enough . harmony Jackie ? would you wait at the bar for I ? Jackie rise , look at mac. jackie sure . you have be a terrific crowd . see ya pop. Jackie exit ok . Mac turn to harmony . mac do not tell I you be interested in that schmuck ? harmony no . and if you would have shut the fuck up for a second , you would have know that . but you never stop talk . mac oh. ok . so my driver 'il pick you up at 9 , we leave at noon . harmony unbelievable . harmony rise . improv overlap harmony / mac : mac harmony where be you go ? he 's I be leave . you 's be the a asshole . let he go . I asshole . he have nothing to 46 do this because I love you . do with it . how could talk I be always the bad guy . I about I like that . I have do not get it . have it with you ... ( continued ) + fhf + + + + + Fe eh of 46 47 48 65 . continued : ( 7 ) 46 harmony stop Mac ... * harmony * stop . I be not do this ina * steak house . * ( kiss he ) * happy birthday . * harmony exit . Mac pull out he cell phone . * mac * Rosa ? come back . * ext : the elevate train pass through bushwick - night 47 int . harmony 's apartment - night 48 Jackie and harmony come off the stair into the hall . * harmony * you should have see the look on * you face when mack yell -- * ( imitate mack * imitate Jackie * do Eddie ) * arleeeeen ! !! * Jackie shake he head . wince . * they walk into the live room . * jackie * hey , this be nice . it 's worth * risk you life every time you * step outside . be you sure you * want to leave ? * harmony * I have to . my community service * have be officially move to the * Sunshine State . all I have be * bourbon . * harmony point to a bottle of bourbon on a tray with two * glass , and begin rummage through a half packed * suitcase . * harmony ( cont 's D ) I will be up all night pack . ( continued ) 48 continued : 66 . jackie do not pack now . relax . harmony I be not pack ; I be look for my weed . you know , Florida 's actually not so bad for I . I do enjoy work with the old people . and I be good at it . and Florida have a lot to offer . jackie like what besides skin cancer ? harmony laugh . harmony you know what I love . I love how you piss off mack . jackie why do let he talk to you like that ? harmony he always have . that 's mack . jackie what about you mother ? harmony she leave when I be four . mack never tell I why . jackie because she be marry to he . I meet the guy for fifteen minute and I be ready to leave . harmony laugh . harmony I can not leave . he control everything I do . jackie mack can be a dick , but at least he 's there . ( she nod ) I be not for my kid . ( continued ) 48 + + + hf of + of of + + + hf 48 67 . continued : ( 2 ) harmony ( 1st version ) after we meet , I google you ... I read about you son pass away . I be so sorry . harmony ( version 2 ) ( cont ’d ) you have child ? jackie I have a son ... he pass away . harmony oh God , I be so sorry . jackie I be not any kind of father . and I have to live with that . harmony how do you get through something like that ? jackie I be a comedian . I do joke about he horrible mother . harmony come on . do one now ! she stand and take the bourbon bottle and hold it like a microphone . harmony ( cont 's D ) lady and gentleman , Jackie burke ! jackie naa . harmony come on . jackie will it get I laid ? harmony depend how funny it be . Jackie take the '' microphone . '' jackie hello everybody . look like a good crowd tonight . ( more ) ( continued ) 48 + of * * 48 68. continued : ( 3 ) jackie ( cont 'd ) [ place holder joke ] I be never religious until I meet my third wife . then I pray every day for she to get hit by a fuckin’ bus . ( Jackie improv ) ) harmony eh jackie okay , try this : do you hear about the daddy 's girl who fuck the 67 - year - old comedian ? harmony you be only 67 ? I think you be 70 . Jackie shug , or adlib . harmony ( cont 's D ) you kill . come here . Jackie sit down beside on the couch . suddenly , harmony roll over atop of Jackie , straddle he . she start to unbutton she dress . harmony ( cont 's D ) this do not mean anything . jackie ok . harmony it 's just something I feel like do right now . jackie be gentle . it 's my first time harmony pull she dress down to she waiste , revealing here lovely perla bra . harmony and you be not stay the night . jackie why do not I just leave my dick here and pick it up in the morning . ( continued ) 48 + eh of + + + of * + of 48 49 50 51 69 . continued : ( 4 ) 48 harmony * ha ! if only . * she kiss he and pull Jackie down off screen . * she laugh . * fade to black * int . harmony 's apartment -- morning 49 Morning light ease through the blind , Jackie stir . he swing he arm around and realize no one be there . he walk from the bedroom to the live room , make a quick recon , harmony and she suitcase be go . Jackie be disappointed . he see she note : '' dear Jackie . thanks for the laugh . * Love , harmony . '' * Jackie feel good . it be a great night . but he know it 's over . never to happen again . he get dress . ext . friar 's club - day later . 50 Jackie 's get on a casual coat and boot - a bit bohemian . he walk up to the ornate friar Club entrance . int . friar 's club - milton berle bar - continuous - day 51 stain Glass window set a classy tone . tables be fill with comic and Broadway type play card & kibitze . portrait of great entertainer line the wall . Miller sit at the bar alone , go over note . bartender ( hand she a phone ) friar miller ? Miller listen ; miller yeah , it 's fine . send he up . 52 70 . int . friar 's club - lobby - continuous - day Jackie stand wait for the elevator in the Friar 's Club vault lobby - the place reek of old world class . a chinese waiter walk up carry a cover dish on a tray . Jackie lean down and take a wiff . jackie Chow mein ? the waiter lift the metal top , revealing a hamburger . chinese waiter fuck you . jackie I guess so . the elevator open and Jackie and the waiter enter , but before the door close , billy crystal slip into the elevator and press the button for the 3nd floor . chinese waiter good afternoon , Friar Crystal . billy crystal hello teddy . hi ya , Jackie . jackie hey billy . how 's life ? billy crystal not bad . gonna grab a haircut before I do fallon tonight . how bout you ? jackie ( deadpan ) Chow mein . billy nod . the waiter laugh . the elevator open . billy crystal be good . jackie see ya , billy . Jackie exit onto the 2nd floor where we see the ornately carve oak staircase . 52 + + hof + * 53 71 . int . friar 's club - milton berle bar - continuous - day Jackie spot Miller - who wave he over , but su he hear a familiar voice d' angelo hey , look who 's here ? Jackie turn and see a table of comic play the corner , include he rival dick d' angelo . freddy roman look who it be - Jackie boy ! Jackie have to stop and be pleasant . d' angelo still funny ? jackie no , I be do you joke now . they all laugh . d' angelo grab Jackie 's arm . d' angelo sit for a second . jackie I be in a rush . ddenly , card in d' angelo rise , play to the guy at the table . d' angelo Heard you have be have a rough time . if you need anything , we be here . jackie sure , if I ever catch syphilas I will get in touch . d' angelo you hear that freddy , why be not there more love in the world . freddy roman there 's too much ... syphilas ! jackie why be not there more great comedian in the world . ( continued ) 72 . 53 continued : 53 d' angelo be we still hold a grudge ? jackie be you still doin 's my act , Dick ? d' angelo only the good bit . the guy at the table laugh ... know Jackie 's right . * Jackie walk over to Miller at the bar . * jackie I fire you . miller ( nod to bartender chiva on the rock for Mr. burke . a drop a water . + of Jackie sit . * miller I have get a possible gig . jackie what ? I dress up as '' Eddie '' for a child 's birthday party ? * miller you want a job or you want to be asshole ? jackie I have to choose ? * miller I be the treasurer here . we have a meeting last night . we be do a big tribute to May connor February 1 . Big event . tv special . Network think they 's 1l1 pull 7 million viewer . he look up to a portrait of may connor - legendary * entertainer . the portrait be paint during she heyday . * jackie May conner ... Love she . * ( continued ) 53 continued : Jackie swallow - he do not say ' no '' , ( 2 ) miller d'angelo be responsible for the program . he 's call the shot . and as of now , it 's overbook . jackie great . be billy do it ? miller as of now , he 's not available but we be hope that change . jackie and if that change , it 's not overbook for he . miller billy Crystal be royalty . you be not even a member anymore . you can not show up once in a blue moon and expect to be on the dais . you gotta rejoin . ( nod at D ’angelo ) kiss the ring . just this once . the opportunity , call out to D ’angelo . d' angelo rise nonchalantly and walk over . miller Dick , you get a minute . know he 's be set - up , whisper to Miller . * jackie what a shit fuck world this be . ( dead serious ) listen - I want a good spot in the rotation ( d' angelo approach ) and I do not want to go after this fuck , because he 'il have already destroy my best joke . d' angelo ( arrive ) you want a spot on May 's tribute ? jackie Miller mention it . actually , I have be honore to do it . 73 . 53 so Miller seize * Jackie * he look up at the photo of May conner on the wall . * ( continued ) 74 . 53 continued : ( 3 ) 53 jackie * she 's a barely live legend . * d' angelo clock Jackie 's line . * d' angelo * ( deadpan ) * funny . * ( put hand on * * Jackie 's shoulder ) well , I be not say for sure - it 's overbook now - but anything be possible . Jackie unexpectedly take d’angelo 's hand and kiss it . they be both amused . d' angelo lean in . d' angelo Miller tell I you be think about rejoining . if you do , that would go a long way . but , since I be also head of the membership committee , I need to ask you a serious question . jackie ok Dick . shoot . d' angelo be you parole officer join the club with you ? because I can get you a couple membership . d' angelo smile coldly . Jackie force a smile . * d' angelo ( to Miller ) tell lydia to give he a application on the way out . d' angelo return to he table . Miller look at Jackie . miller you do good . do not so hurt so much , do it ? jackie I need a power wash . * miller can I tell you something I bet you * do not know ? ( more ) ( continued ) 53 54 55 75 . continued : ( 4 ) 53 miller ( cont 'd ) about ten year after '' Home with * Eddie '' , dad say to I '' I be sorry * I ever get Jackie that sitcom . it ruin he . he could have be so much more '' . Jackie do not expect this . CUT to : int . jackie 's apartment - night 54 Jackie prepare for the May connor roast event . groom . practise line . he pour himself a jamison 's harmony . he check he cell text file . on jackie 's cell : we see three or four texts to harmony send over the past two month that have be deliver but never answer by she . Jackie go to he laptop . bring up golden vista village * - Mac 's Empire be very impressive . he dial the number into he cell ... wait .... get harmony 's answer mach : jackie hey harmony ... how you doin’ . * I have leave a couple of message - * you ok ? I be doin 's a big tv thing * * tonight ... it could be good tell Mac to go '' fuck - off '' . Jackie hang up and continue to dress . int . edison ballroom HOTEL balcony - night 55 Jackie walk into a Art - Deco balcony where vip be gather for a pre -show reception . photographer be shoot various combos of comic who take turn stand beside the guest of honor : may connor - 93 - dress to the nine . sitting with a attendant stand by she . may can we take a break with the picture ? I need a martini . Jackie enter . he greet the other comic as he make he way to May . he kneel over and give she a kiss . ( continued ) 55 76 . continued : may hey kid ! jackie May , what a honor to be rip you a new one in the name of such a worthy cause . May light up a camel cigarette . may mind if I smoke ? jackie I do not care if you burn . may ( laugh hard ) I always love that line . jackie I love gleason . may gleason love my tit . assistant I do not think you can smoke inside . may I be 95 . if I want to smoke , piss on the sidewalk and say the N word , I will fuck do it . ( to Jackie ) the world today ! so goddamn serious about everything . jackie I be go to the bar . martini ? one olive ? may God bless you . Jackie cross to the bar , meeting up with Miller , D ’angelo and richard belzer . richard belzer oh my God , the comic from alcatraz . ( continued ) 55 55 77 . continued : ( 2 ) they all laugh . throughout the scene , D ’angelo be eat from a small bowl of nut . richard belzer good to have you back , Jackie . jackie thanks Rich . miller you look nice . how you holdin up ? jackie better than D ’angelo 's act . so what 's the order tonight ? miller well , richie have to make a late flight . Dick have to get up for a early call ... d' angelo I get a day on a spielberg movie . jackie you play a dick or a corpse ? either way you do not have to act . d' angelo chuckle , know he set himself up . miller so you get to close out the show . jackie what ? I think I tell you -- miller there be nothing I could do . jackie you know , this be why I stop be a member . I get fuck every time with you guy . you invite I to one of this thing , you put I on last and I lose . d' angelo it 's a tribute , not a competition . we be all in this together . ( continued ) 55 55 78 . continued : ( 3 ) jackie fuck you . then you go on last . by the time belzer introduce I , every joke about this old broad will have be tell fifteen time . d' angelo that 's why we need you to close . you 's be at you best when you 's be work without a net . jackie again , fuck you ! d' angelo that 's not nice . a younger comic pass by , reach over and grab some nut out of D ’angelo 's bowl . d' angelo lose he calm . d' angelo who tell you you could eat my nut ? this be my nut ! you do not touch they . the young comic look at D ’angelo like he 's old dirt . then he purposely drop the nut back into the bowl ; younger comic ( cold & cynical ) sorry mr. d’angelo . he exit . jackie why do not you put he on last ? d' angelo he pull in the Comedy Central crowd . d' angelo walk over to get a new bowl of nut . miller Jackie , this be still good . you be get tremendous visibility . just knock ’em all outta the game . jackie Miller , please . do not play pep talk guy - it do not suit you . ( continued ) 55 55 56 57 79 . continued : ( 4 ) 55 miller ( sign ) ok , Jackie . you get note you want I put on the teleprompter . + of jackie * no . * Jackie turn to haitian bartender as Miller exit o.s. jackie gimme a martini , one olive and a double chiva on the rock . bartender my man , '' Eddie '' . wow . what 's up '' Eddie '' ? jackie everything 's up . my blood pressure . my dick . you work visa . bartender ( crack up ) I still love watch you show , Eddie . I eat my dinner and watch it late at night after work . jackie yeah , well , sorry you do not have more of a life . and just for the record , my name be Jackie - so fuck off and die in whatever country you swim here . bartender ( eat it up ) you always sooo crazy . CUT to ; a large disc hang from the ceiling with may 's photo in 56 the middle - around the outside : '' may conner tribute '' int . edison ballroom - night 57 the event be in full swing . the dais be fill with recognizable talent . Jackie be seat at the far end , look over he note . you can tell he blood be up . Richard belzer be master of ceremony , seat to the right of the podium . May be seat to the right . ( continued ) 57 80 . continued : 57 May be drink another martini . there be a microphone in front of she . Dick D 's angelo be at the podium finish he spot . d' angelo May , listen to I okay ? I be you friend , okay ? it 's over . you be finish . finito ! you movie be on the History Channel . mild audience laughter . May nod , roll she eye - she 's hear that one many time before . she lean into she microphone . may and you movie -- oh wait , you do not have any movie . Big laugh from the audience . d' angelo all joke aside ... may what joke ? d' angelo you truly be one of the great talent in this business . what can I say ? you be barely a live legend . laugh . Jackie recognize he own joke . his impulse take over ... before d’angelo can say another word Jackie appear and push he hard out of the way -- essentially highjack the podium and the fourth spot ... jackie that 's enough Dick ... ( to audience ) wake up people . the '' whatever - happen - to '' portion of the evening be officially over . the audience applaud . they think it 's plan . d' angelo go to hell Jackie . or do you need you parole officer 's permission to get there ? Big laugh . d' angelo sit down . belzer lean into mic : ( continued ) 57 continued : applause . 81 . ( 2 ) 57 richard belzer folk , please welcome back to the friar Jackie burkie , also know as '' Eddie '' , also know as prisoner 942828 . Jackie take control at the podium . no note . jackie yeah , I do a little time . but my thirty day seem short compare to you have to listen to d'angelo for five minute . laugh . he turn to May . May break Big laugh . jackie May . oh May . we have hear a lot about you many accomplishment tonight , but no one 's really talk about how tough it be for you start out . today you can get the part just by blow the director . God , when I think of the thing you have to do ... up . jackie whatever you do work because you play some of the most iconic role in the history of film . and I , Jackie burke , be with you all the way ... when you play the title role in '' the battleship potemkin '' . I be one of the sailor you take on . you remember I - I come in the porthole . May include . jackie then we be re-unite in '' wizard of Oz '' . do this sound familiar ? ( sing high pitch munchkin voice ) ding do the witch be dead ... and even though we be inbred ... you give a hundred munchkin head ! laugh be building . May cough laugh . drink water . ( continued ) 57 82 . continued : ( 3 ) 57 jackie and then who could ever forget when we be together in the original '' Poseidon adventure '' . you as the Poseidon . I as a cabin boy . remember my audition ? Jackie put he hand on the front top of he head simulate hair and flick he tongue rapidly ... may ( through laughter ) yes ! and you get the part ! applause and laughter . audience be loving Jackie . jackie and I learn how to make the Poseidon capsize . the audience be eat it up . May be convulse . jackie yes , May o’connor , you chew a lot of scenery in you time ... and apparently swallow . may swallow ! jackie in all seriousness , May connor be not only the great actress of we generation - and , okay , the several generation precede this one -- she 's a great sport . thanks to May , we be raise a ton of money tonight for meal on wheel . ( Jackie lead applause . ) wait : '' May '' ... '' a ton '' ... '' meal on wheel '' ... add in a oscar and fuck more young boy than the entire Los Angeles archdiocese and you have get May 's whole biography . May laugh hard and wheeze now . may Jackie ! stop ! Jackie put a affectionate hand on May 's shoulder . the crowd applaud wildly . ( continued ) 57 58 83 . continued : ( 4 ) 57 May look like she 's laugh out of control - but be also writhe in she chair , as if something might be wrong . Jackie just go with it . jackie seriously May ? a orgasm ? now ? her body tremble . she motion for he to stop . suddenly , May slump over . her head hit the table hard , right in front of she mic . everyone gasp , leaping to they foot . Richard belzer and other hurry to help she . no one be pay attention to Jackie . the dais guest gather around May . Jackie be daze , still in he comic high mode : jackie its ok , May , do not worry . d' angelo 's not come back . Richard belzer pull the mic away from Jackie to yell : richard belzer be there a doctor in the house ? but May be go . her body surround by cry people . as emt worker move onto the dais Jackie be push back and bump into D ’angelo . d' angelo wow . you kill . jackie I do not even get to my best stuff . int . jackie 's apartment - bedroom - night 58 Jackie sit on he bed , still dress in he dinner jacket , eat chinese out of a paper container . he flip on the tv . new york one anchor doctor confirm miss connor 's heart attack be precede by a serious of illness include diabete and two stroke ... '' the screen cut to Dick D 's angelo be interview : ( continued ) 58 84 . continued : d' angelo on tv we lose a great one tonight : I be devastate ... May and I be more than just friend - we be Jackie sit there watch d’angelo steal he moment . he flip the channel and there 's D ’angelo again . d' angelo on tv '' fan all over the world will be mourn she death . she be truly America 's Queen of Comedy ... Jackie flip again : d' angelo on tv '' , .. family member request that the friar cancel the broadcast , and of course , we agree . Jackie shut off the tv . he just stare at the black screen for a moment , then he reach over and grab a vhs tape off the shelf . he insert the cassette into a old video player and press play . he watch a clip of : '' home with eddie '' : eddie , a working CLASS everyman , talk to he tv wife , arlene , as she carve out a pumpkin for halloween . '' eddie '' arlene , when you son decide to dress up as a ballerina , it 's no longer about trick or treat . canned laughter . '' arlene '' oh Eddie , he 's only nine . give he a chance to find himself . he need to explore . '' eddie '' explore what arlene ? his friend 's rectum ... canned laughter . eddie junior enter , dress in a pink tutu with purple tight . Jackie watch from he bed with the concentration of a masochist receive he beat . '' eddie junior '' hi Mom . hi dad . ( continued ) 58 * 58 59 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 '' eddie '' hey son . how be you day ? '' eddie junior '' ( effeminate ) fabulous canned laughter . Eddie grab a football and toss it to Eddie junior . it whizze by the kid who make no attempt to catch it . '' eddie '' arleeeeene ... Jackie shut off the tv . he sit in darkness . silence . 59 int . berkowitz deli - day Jackie meet with Miller over lunch . miller not in NY . no club work . James bring Miller a sandwich , Jackie a cup of coffee . jame ( to Jackie ) nothing for you ? Jackie shake he head . James exit . miller I have get three offer for appearance . in Wisconsin , there 's a Democratic fund raiser . * jackie a hour of bashing Republicans - a * comedian 's dream . what else . * * miller there 's a three day master comedy * class seminar at soas College . it 's in London . and the third - you be not go to like but it * pay the most - it 's a television classic autograph convention in West Palm Beach - do '' Eddie '' . ( continued ) 59 86 . continued : jackie how much they pay in Wisconsin ? miller $ 3000 , plus expense . jackie London ? miller $ 5000 , but you have get to pay for you own ticket . jackie Florida ? miller $ 25,000 plus expense . her cell ring . she check screen . miller I have get to take this . she rise and exit 0.s. Jackie sit alone contemplate the shit turn he life be take . James appear . jame she finish with this ? jackie no , she 's come back . James sit opposite Jackie as florie enter . James 's eye go wide . flo cross and stop when she see Jackie . jackie flo . you look nice . flo stare at he a beat , then turn to James ; flo please tell you brother if I ever see he in here again , I 'il cut off he dick and pickle it like a herring . she walk off . James and Jackie take a beat , then : jame you get thirty day , I get life . ( continued ) 59 59 continued : James say oh please , sing . beat . James lean in , ( 2 ) jackie do she know ? Cause , now with what happen , you gotta tell she it 's go to be a little longer before I can pay you back . jame she know . and we both agree , we do not want you to pay we back . jackie no , come on . do not be like that . it 's gonna be a issue ... jame no , no , it 's not . I want you to keep that money ' cause then I be free and clear . jackie what do that mean ? 87 . 59 the follow louder so flo can hear he : jame it mean I be do with this . you do not show up again out of the blue ask for anything again . ok ? jackie what be you mad about now ? jame ( quiet ) I be not mad . ( louder ) nobody 's wrong here . people do not change ... jackie jame ya sing the people be who they be , my same fuck song ya always brother . and that 's that . jame ok . the truth be you see how it be with she . you have become a thing . speak in a quieter tone ; ( continued ) 59 60 61 88 . continued : ( 3 ) 59 jackie ( overlap ) I be a thing now ...? jame yeah . you be a thing . and I can not do it . I can not take the aggravation . so please . let it be . ( beat ) I think you kill at the wedding . Brittany love it . if you be ever perform , you let I know ... we 's 1l have a beer . Miller return . miller so what 's it go to be ? Wisconsin , London or Florida ? ext . golden vista village - west palm beach - day 60 ° Jackie drive a convertible along the intercoastal * waterway - Palm tree and dense tropical foliege everywhere . pre -lap : * mac ( v.o ) ) * we have a really special treat for * everyone today here at Golden * vista ! * int . golden vista village - dine room - day 6h Mac be speak on a mic in front of the resident who * be spread out round the table . a little stage with a * electronic piano with a mic be set up behind Mac . * mac * a wonderful entertainer who 's * play the lead in the musical * '' Dr. jekyll and Mr. hyde '' over at * the mitzi gaynor theater in coral * gable . let 's give a hand to devin * o’ donnor . * devin o’donnoll appear - 40 's , every inch the performer * who never make it past regional theater . his enthusiasm * be phony . his attitude patronize . and he be clueless * * about he transparent ego . he think he 's a star . ( continued ) 61 62 89 . continued : devon thank you so , so much , Mac . what a beautiful audience . I want to tell you , even though we be perform to pack house at '' the mitzie '' , I be look forward to this performance more than any other ... Devon cue a pianist at a electronic piano , who underscore ; devon ( cont ’d ) ... because be here with you , make I feel ... alive . devon start to sing sondheim 's '' be alive '' : devon ( cont ’d ) '' somebody hold I to close ... somebody hurt I too deep '' various cut-away to elderly character , some we will come to know as miriam , adele , herman and bernie . some be pay attention . other be fall asleep . harmony move between the table - obviously well like . int . golden vista atrium - day Jackie approach the receptionist . jackie where can I find harmony schutz ? Jackie look into the lobby and out through the window at a beautiful swim pool right on the intercoastal . Mac 's spread be very impressive . receptionist oh , you be here for the dinner ? jackie dinner ? yeah . when do it start ? receptionist it 's over . they be have they entertainment now - out at the Beach Club . Jackie head back out the door .. CUT to : 61 + fh hf * * + of 63 90 . ext : ocean front - day * Jackie walk along a pathway next to a beautiful beach , * feature surf and azure water . * int . golden vista club house - dine room - day 6 x Devon be still sing '' be alive '' . * Jackie enter the room , behind the resident who be all * face Devon . * * harmony see Jackie from across the room . he smile and wave she over . harmony be shocked to see he . as she * cross to he , Mac appear at he side first ; * mac * look whose here . the laugh a * minute . what the fuck be you * do here ? * jackie * calm down . I be in the * neighborhood and I - ... * harmony appear : * jackie ( cont ’d ) * ( to harmony ) * hi ... I be just say ... * Jackie lean in to kiss she hello but harmony lean away , abruptly ask ; harmony * why be you here ? what be you * do here ? why be you here ? * jackie * ( surprised ) * be Alzheimer 's contagious ? I be * just say I be --- * back to : Devon hit he final big note on : * devon '' beeeeeing ... aliiiiiiive !! '' appreciative applause from the audience . Devon start a * condescending patter with the elderly , while Jackie , Mac * * and harmony continue talk ( continued ) 63 91 . continued : devon ( cont ’d ) thank you . thank you so much . you know we often do not take the time to hear the storey and wisdom of we elder and it 's a shame . so I have like to take this time to get to know some of you wonderful people . a woman , return to she seat , notice Jackie at the back of the room . jackie ( to harmony ) I be in town for a convention . I think we could have dinner . harmony ( curt ) I can not . I be really busy . I be sorry . you should have call . jackie ( clock she unease ) what 's wrong ? harmony nothing . the woman who recognize Jackie be point he out to she friend who turn around and look at Jackie . back to devon : devon and what 's you name sweetheart ? adele Adele . devon tell we a little about yourself . adele I be a gym teacher for 42 year . devon wow . a educator . such a important job and so undervalue in we society . thank you Adele . there 's a buzz in the back of the room as word travel of a celebrity in they midst . someone yell out : ( continued ) 63 + ff hf HH of + ff ff hof * + of + of * 63 continued : ( 2 ) woman hey , it 's Eddie ! 92 . Mac look around and start to realize that there 's a '' Eddie buzz '' start to happen among he resident . mac ( nudge harmony ) will you look at that . they want Eddie . who have a think ? harmony & Jackie look around as the crowd buzze : '' hey , Eddie 's here ! '' '' Eddie , tell some joke ! '' mac ( cont ’d ) go out there , Jackie , they want you . jackie not my audience , Mac . mac come -on give ‘em what they want . ( turn to harmony ) give he a goose , baby . harmony ( want Jackie to go ) no , this be definitely not he kind of crowd . Mac take off , make a bee-line toward Devon . back to devon : he 's a little annoyed that he 's lose the crowd to the Eddie buzz . miriam I be Miriam . devon Miriam . tell we about yourself . miriam well , I be a dancer . I be on Broadway once . devon wow . a Broadway star in we midst . can I have you autograph ? mack approach Devon and take the mic from he . ( continued ) + + hof + '' + + hof + of 63 93 . continued : ( 3 ) mac hey folk , I have get a real surprise for ya ! just in from New York . Television star & personal friend , Eddie from '' eddie 's home '' . applause for the surprise celebrity guest . Jackie be catch off guard . he look at harmony , who shrug : harmony ( deadpan ) better beat it out of here as fast as you can . Jackie check she out ... she 's not kid . somehow he accept she challenge , and walk out to Mac , who hand he the mic . then Mac escort a confuse Devon out . jackie hello everyone , I be Jackie burke . applause and anticipation from the crowd . jackie ( cont ’d ) ( to Miriam ) so you be a dancer ? I always want to ask , when you 's be hang upside down on that pole , how do you stop you tit from smack you in the face ? a gasp from the audience . a couple of nervous laugh . a little growl . harmony and Mac go wide eye - not know what the reaction will be . meriam be not phase ... a tough broad . miriam I be not that kind of dancer . I be a chorus girl . jackie Miriam , it be my boyhood fantasy to fuck a chorus girl . maybe if you be free after you ennema . more rumbling from the audience over : ( continued ) + hf * + of + ff HH hf + + + of 63 94 . continued : ( 4 ) miriam be that suppose to be funny ? harmony watch Jackie slowly die . jackie you 's be a good sport meriam , I 'il meet you in you room after I get some condom for Adele . gym teacher always have condom , right Adele ? Adele go crimson red . Jackie be bombing . Jackie escape to a group of man include , herman and bernie . jackie ( cont ’d ) what 's the deal with this three ? look at this . what 's you name ? herman herman . jackie herman , nobody 's call that anymore ? ( herman smile , nod ) you three all hang out together ? herman mostly . jackie oh , I get it . the last one leave alive keep the porn collection . whose get the best pussy shot ? point to a bald man at the table . herman bernie . everybody break out laugh at herman 's admission . jackie what 's you name , sir ? bernie bernie ! I be curious . be you a breast man ? a leg man ? what ? ( continued ) 63 + hof + hf + + + of 63 95 . continued : ( 5 ) bernie ( cont ’d ) I like tucheses . jackie tuckese ? bernie , they have not be call tuckese since dachau close down . you will not get any ass like that . it 's booty , badunkadonk . come on ! bernie do not like the dachu reference . the audience be turn hostile . jackie ( cont ’d ) have you meet Adele the gym teacher ? she use to be able to climb up a rope with just she ass . ( to Adele ) Adele , I get a live one for ya . wait , let I check . Jackie feel bernie 's pulse . jackie ( cont ’d ) yep , still tick . cricket . a few people edge towards the exit . a young aide take out he cell phone and video record Jackie . Jackie notice a old guy walk out . jackie ( cont ’d ) ( to Old guy ) hey do not leave -- I hear there 's second on rice pudding . jacob no , no . I have get to go to the bathroom ! jackie what 's you name , sir ? jacob Jacob . jackie Jacob . number 1 or number 2 , Jacob ? ( continued ) 63 + fh hof + '' + fh hf + of + of 63 96 . continued : ( 6 ) jacob ( think for a beat ) number 3 . laugh . finally . jackie number 3 ! the Mac schultz special ! more laugh . Jackie 's flop sweat be take a break . jackie ( cont ’d ) God speed , Jacob . lady and gentleman , give it up for Jacob ! Jacob laugh , enjoy the attention . audience laugh and applaud . jackie ( cont ’d ) okay , I see what you like you know , Golden vista Village be so much more than just a place for wait to die . it 's also a place for wait to go to the bathroom . so when the opportunity come , you gotta go for it . like Jacob . Jackie have a think . jackie ( cont ’d ) hey , do you all know the song '' makin whoopee '' ? the audience shout out '' yes '' , '' of course '' , '' sure '' . Jackie cue the piano player , who nod . jackie ( cont ’d ) ok , let 's try it , all together , except when I point to you for the chorus , you all sing '' not makin poopy '' . can you do that ? enthusiastic response . jackie ( cont ’d ) ( to piano player ) ok , maestro - let 's try it . ( continued ) 63 + hof + hf 97 . 63 continued : ( 7 ) jackie & audience ( sing ) '' not makin poopy '' . Jackie sing the song haltingly , as he make up the lyric as he go along . jackie great . okay , here go : ( sing ) another fear , another year , another enema in you rear ; Elimination constipation jackie and audience not makin 's poopy . harmony and mack be join in on the chorus now . Jackie leave the small stage and continue sing as he walk through the audience . + + hf fh hof * * jackie pee-pee be fine , except it leak ; what have you except from wrinkle deek ? '' it 's so abusive ; stool be elusive Jackie hold the mic in the face of the one of the oldster and audience not makin poopy . jackie prune juice , mira - lax and ex -- loosin 's you up and how . dump be better than sex , which bring we up to now you 's be on the toilet , from nine to five -- Holy shit , it 's good to be alive ! it 's all a breeze now , but please do not sneeze now oops ! you 's be makin poopy ! ( big finish ) not be loopy ; ( more ) ( continued ) * + +h hof + + hf fh hf 63 64 98. continued : ( 8 ) 63 jackie ( cont 'd ) better than '' whoopie , '' * ( everybody sing ) * I be makin 's poopy ! * mad laughter and applause . Jackie take he bow . * harmony applaud as well . Mac appear beside she . * mac * I want to hire he . * harmony what ? ext . mac 's 55 's luxury yacht - day 64 Mac sit with Jackie on the back of he luxury yacht * which be moor next to Golden vista Village . * mac * we get this benefit come up . * it 's a big pr thing . I will paya * nice figure . and maybe , we can * work out a arrangement where you * make regular appearance . you can * still do you own gig . they be * all asleep by 8 . * jackie * I do not know . when 's the benefit * ? * mac * Saturday night . when 's you * convention ? * jackie * tomorrow . I leave tomorrow night . * mac * I will make it worth you while to * stay a few more day - all * expense pay - I x11 put you up in * a nice condo with a view of the * intercoastal . * jackie * ok . $ 10,000 . * mac * $ 7500 . * ( continued ) 99 . continued : jackie deal . as Jackie step onto the dock , Mac flag down a young staff member pass by . mac Jerry , tell the front desk to put Mr. Jackie burke in suite 535 until next Sunday . jerry yes , mr . shiltz Jackie wave to mac. jackie I be gonna check out of the West Palm Hilton ... be be back ina couple of hour . Jackie walk to the end of the dock where he see harmony sit by the pool with meriam . ext : poolside - day several of the senior swim in the pool . harmon & meriam kitbitz . meriam a breath of fresh air . harmony more like a hurricane . meriam how do you know he . harmony we use to work together ... in New York ... community service . meriam ( laugh ) yeah , he 's a real '' community service '' type . jackie ( interrupt ) watch it , meriam . I may cancel we date . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 + of + of * + + + of + + of continued : 100 . jackie ( cont 'd ) ( to harmony ) * you get a moment ? * harmony excuse herself and talk with Jackie to the edge of the patio . jackie ( cont ’d ) * maybe we can get a cup of coffee -- * harmony * ( overlap ) * look , Jackie , it 's nice to see you * but I do not know what you be do * here . what happen with we - it 's * not go to ever happen again . * ever. * jackie * hey , all I do be invite you to * dinner ... * harmony I know , but -- jackie it 's just a dinner . harmony I be sorry , I jackie and maybe a hand job . harmony see ! jackie * I be kid ! Jesus ! what 's go * on with you ? * harmony nothing . jackie I just want to stop to say hello . be that so wrong ? harmony calm down a bit . Jackie 's be genuine . * harmony no . it 's just ... I have not be feel that great . ( continued ) 65 66 101 . continued : ( 2 ) jackie what 's wrong ? harmony nothing , just tired . look , do not feel obligate to do this thing for Mac . I can tell he you have get work go on in NY . jackie eh , it might be fun . tell you the truth , I could use a break . this May connor thing be a bust . I be like the John wilk Booth of comedy . harmony ok . maybe we can have dinner tomorrow . jackie you sure ? ' Cause I do not want to give you any impression that I be available . I , Adele and Miriam be gonna have a three - way . but you can always join we . harmony ( walk away ) oh shut -up . ext . west palm beach convention CENTER - day banner ; television classics.com . Convention attendee arrive in all many of dress , look like they favorite tv character from the past . int . convention hall - day the convention hall be fill with fan dress as they favorite character . there be stand with logo from past television show where actor who be no longer work sign autograph and merch . from they show . Jackie , dress as '' eddie '' , sit with a middle aged fan also dress as '' eddie '' . jackie it 's like look in a mirror . ( continued ) * + hof + fh ff hho oh HH of * 65 66 66 67 102 . continued : 66 fan be you still friend with the other actor ? arlene and you son ? jackie uh , no , we have not keep in touch . let I ask you something , do not it get old ? I mean , how can it be funny if you know all the joke ? do it still make you laugh ? fan sometimes . not like it do but -- it 's like when you be little and you want someone to read you the same story every night the same way . it 's like ... I do not know ... comforting . Jackie do not know how to respond . the fan be clearly a lonely guy . guileless and genuine . jackie well thanks very much for come . fan thanks for be '' Eddie '' . Jackie nod . the fan rise and exit . Jackie can not wait for this to be over . ext . harmony 's condo / patio entrance - night 6 Jackie be dress for dinner . he appear on the patio * entrance and knock on the glass patio door . * the door slide open to reveal harmony - dress in * sweat and a T - shirt . she look wear out . * jackie * ( enter ) * * hey , ready ? harmony * oh , no . I be sorry , Jackie . I * should have call you . I be really * tired . I think I be just gonna stay * in tonight . * jackie * ( suspicious ) * ok . * ( continued ) 67 103 . continued : harmony you look nice . jackie thanks . awkward beat . harmony do not invite he in . jackie ( cont ’d ) be you sure everything 's all right ? harmony yeah . why ? jackie I do not know . we have a nice time and now , something feel off . be you see somebody ? harmony no. jackie do I do something wrong ? harmony no ... not really . jackie not really ? what ? harmony take a beat , look at Jackie , sigh and turn . she cross he to sit on she patio chair . harmony oh man . this would have be so much easier if you do not show up . jackie what ? harmony ( beat ) I be pregnant . jackie ( surprised ) what ! - he stop . harmony be stare at he . Jackie start to calculate . his mind race . ( continued ) 67 +h of * 67 continued : 104 . ( 2 ) harmony yeah . jackie I ? harmony yeah . jackie you sure ? harmony yeah . the timing 's right . I have not be with anybody since . Jackie be momentarily speechless . harmony ( cont 's D ) listen , I be not go to tell you ... jackie you be sure it 's mine ? harmony yes , I be . believe I , I be as surprised as you be . jackie no , I do not think you be . harmony I be not go to at first . I have the appointment at the clinic all set . drive myself down there . but I could not get out of the car ... I keep think about that night with you ... and talk about my Mom ... and , all of a sudden , I just could not do it . I could not let this baby feel unwanted the way I do . and , for like the first time , I feel really clear about something , ya know ? weird , huh ? and it 's probably my last chance so ... I be scared , but I want to give it a shot . jackie and what about I ? ( continued ) 67 + fh hf HH hf fh HH hof 67 continued : 105 . ( 3 ) harmony what about you ? jackie do not I have any say in this ? harmony what do you want to say ? jackie maybe I do not want to be a father again . harmony nobody 's ask you to be . jackie you be have my kid , that make I a father ... a older father of a little baby ... the well - be of this kid , I can not guarantee , cause I may not be here . harmony yes , that 's true , but what I be do be not a whim - it 's I come to a decision about my life . jackie you be have my kid without my permission and I be not suppose to get upset ? harmony you permission ? this be not about you ! he cell ring . the phone screen read : miller . Jackie press ignore . jackie you can not just decide this on you own like it do not affect I . harmony I do not ask you come to here . and I do not have to tell you . but I like you . so , ya know what , just forget it . this baby be my choice , for my life . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 * * + ff ff HH hf ff ff hhh of + fh hof 67 continued : ( 4 ) harmony ( cont 'd ) if you do not want to have anything to do with it , then do not . jackie 's cell ring again . again it 's miller . harmony ( cont 's D ) you should take that . harmony close the slide door , lock it . Jackie 's leave lock outside . he take a beat . 106 . then walk out toward the intercoastal and answer he cell . jackie yeah ? miller ( on phone ) you be viral again . ( look at she computer ) ) you be sing some '' poopie '' song to a bunch of senior citizen . int . miller 's office - day Miller sit at a table in front of she laptop , with a coffee , watch a you tube video of he sing '' make poopy '' with the resident . it 's be overdubbe with a hip hop beat . miller over three million view in eight hour and it keep climb . you be on kimmel . you 's be on conan . Carol from RAW tv call I . she need a host for a reality show pilot . they shoot on Monday in NY ? intercut jackie : jackie Monday ? why so fast ? miller they have d’angelo sign but he have to drop out last minute . jackie why ? he get a better deal ? miller he 's get pancreatic cancer . ( continued ) 67 * ++ HH of + fof + + h fh hof 68 69 107 . continued : jackie * finally , I catch a fuckin’ break * in this business . int . friar 's club - day 68 Miller sit at a table in front of she laptop , with a coffee , watch a you tube video of he sing '' make poopy '' with the resident . it 's be overdubbe with a hip hop beat . miller over three million view in eight * hour and it keep climb . you be on kimmel . you 's be on conan . Carol from RAW tv call I . she need a host for a reality show pilot . they shoot on Monday in NY ? intercut jackie : jackie Monday ? why so fast ? miller they have d’angelo sign but he have to drop out last minute . jackie why ? he get a better deal ? miller he 's get pancreatic cancer . jackie finally , I catch a fuckin’ break in this business . ext . golden vista village - pool / golf course - day 6 m Mac sit on the deck of he yacht talk with Larry , * when he see Jackie walk with he bag to the condo * Office . * mac * ( call out ) * what have we here ? the comedian * * slither out . ( continued ) 69 70 continued : 108 . jackie yeah . sorry . I leave you a message . I get a gig in NY . mac welching on we deal - I be not surprised - fool I once , it 's on you ... fool I twice , I be the schmuck . jackie this be a important gig ... a tv pilot . mac let I tell you something , back in the day , when I be makin 's book , I know who be gonna lose and who be gonna win . I have a instinct . the loser - I have deposit they money before the race run . now get the fuck outta here . Mac 's implication that Jackie be a loser piss Jackie off . Jackie stop . jackie I hear you be gonna be a grandpa . mac ( annoye ) yeah . jackie well , congratulation . only , do not be surprised if you grand kid 's do one liner , hold he dick like a microphone . see ya at the bris . Mac stand - up from he deck chair , momentarily stunne . Jackie walk back toward the office . jackie ( cont ’d ) arrleeeeene ! !!!! Mac do not know how to respond . int . harmony 's condo - patio - day harmony be sit in a chair read a Magazine . Mac , red -face , charge in . ( continued ) 69 + fh HH of ee * * of +e fh of 70 continued : 109 . mac you 's be have Eddie 's baby !?! harmony , completely unruffled gaze up at Mac who notice the change . harmony no , I be have my baby . mac you tell I it be a sperm donor ! harmony well , in a way , it be . mac that 's not funny ! Jackie Eddie burke ! what do I do ? be not I always there for you ? do not I do everything for you ? harmony you do the best you could in you way . and I appreciate it . now it 's my turn . mac what do that mean !? harmony you know what it mean . make my own decision and live with they , without you . mac without I ? you be go over a cliff again sweetheart . harmony do you hear yourself ? it 's like you want I to fail . why ? mac how can you say that ? I have always be there for you . I have to be a mother and a father . I do the best I could . I do not deserve this . harmony why do my mother leave ? ( continued ) 70 + +h hof + ff ff of ff HH of + * + * + + h HH of 70 71 continued : ( 2 ) 110 . pause . Mac see in harmony 's expression that this time she want Mac sit a answer . mac I do not know ... maybe I be not the best husband . maybe I push she into thing she do not really want . harmony like be a mother ? mac I do not know . she leave . I stay .... do not go , kid . harmony sense a vulnerability in he she 's never see . Mac nod . harmony it can not be the way it 's be , Mac . not anymore . mac all right . harmony I be have my baby . and you do not have a goddamn thing to say about it . harmony stand . Mac , quietly ; mac all right . let it be . whatever you want ... only do not leave I . his head bow , he take she hand . harmony feel compassion . she stroke he head . int . SOUND stage - new york - week later - day the television taping be underway . Jackie be address a studio audience . he wear a expensive suit . ( continued ) 70 * + +h hof * + of 71 71 111 . continued : 71 jackie hello everybody . I be uncle Jackie burke and welcome to '' say uncle '' , the new reality show where we actually torture people until they say , '' uncle '' . we first contestant be Mark Chapel from brookline , Massachusetts . how you do today , Mark ? MARK great . reveal MARK - a middle age dad wear only goggle and a bathing suit . two sexy , scantily -clad model be painting he body with molass . his wife and kid watch from the front row . Miller stand with Carol and two of she riot tv exec behind the monitor . jackie right now we two anthropology major from camel toe U be basting you with molass . when they 's be do , all you have to do be lay down in this geese pen and we will release this hungry bird . reveal a geese pen full of squawk geese . Mark lay down . a small picket fence separate he from the bird . jackie do not forget Mark . if you last two minute with the geese , you ’1l1 win this new hybrid car and a Carribbean vacation for you and you entire family . Mark 's family jump up and down . Jackie take notice . one kid - around three - have no idea what 's happen . jackie you 's be sure you be ready ? MARK yes , uncle Jackie . jackie be you wear a protective cup ? ( continued ) 71 112 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 MARK no. jackie okay then Mark , you better hold on tight to that butter ball as I release the angry bird . Jackie pull a lever and a wall in the pen lift up . the audience cheer as the geese begin peck at Mark 's skin . at first it tickle . the audience be laugh . jackie hang in there Mark ! you be halfway home . Mark begin roll around frantically as the bird become more aggressive . the contestant be clearly bleed from numerous cut . he squeal in pain . in the front row , he child be scared . Jackie see Mark 's three old start to cry . Jackie see MARK ahhh ! ahhh ! jackie you can do it , Mark . this time next week , you will be in the Bahamas with you beautiful family . his family wince , upset and scared . Jackie fight off the disgust he feel . he look over to Miller . everyone around she be cheer , but she know Jackie so well . MARK ahhh ! ahhh ! uncle ! uncle ! the cheer suddenly stop as Mark leap out of the pen . he be cover in hay , brown sugar and splotches of blood . his family be horrify . Jackie put he arm around Mark , along with a towel and robe , and look into camera . jackie '' say uncle '' will be right back . but as for I , I have rather have stevie wonder shave my testicles with a butcher knife than be part of a this reality shit . so this be Jackie burke say '' uncle '' , and riot tv can go fuck itself !!!! ( continued ) 71 72 73 113 . continued : ( 3 ) Jackie step off the set . the crew and audience stare in disbelief . as he cross Carol , Jackie say : jackie and I be keep the suit . Miller look to Carol , then exit after Jackie . ext . RAW - tv studio - 54 th ST - day Jackie walk out onto the sidewalk . he 's not bum - in fact , he 's exhilated . he smile as he walk away . close up : Jackie 's shoe - there 's a spring in he step . match CUT to : close -up : jackie 's leather tennis shoe with the same spring in he step walking the opposite direction - ext . macdougal STREET - the village - night Jackie walk through the rush of Village hipster . he turn and descend down the familiar stair . int . upstair at comedy cellar - night Jackie enter . he feel at home here . a safe haven . Miller sit at the ' comic table 's kibitze with several client before they go on .. estee , the comedy cellar booker lean over . estee Jackie , sit . you go on tonight ? Jackie sense a change . they be all smile . estee any spot you want . let I know . jackie what give ? comedian that video go viral like crazy . jackie what video ? ( continued ) 71 72 73 73 74 75 114 . continued : 73 Miller take out she phone , hit safari and play : * jackie 's full walk - out from the reality show . miller six million view and count . * jackie how have you get the tape ? Miller , just bob she eyebrow . he kiss she . int . comedy cellar - stage - continuous - night 74 host take the mic ; host we have a surprise guest with we tonight . the man of the hour who tell Raw tv to go fuck itself . let 's give it up for Jackie burke . the crowd go wild . applause . some stand . some hold out they phone with the video play . cheer . but no one be more surprised that Jackie . he take the mic ; jackie I be a hit . who the fuck know ? CUT to : ext . pool / golden vista village - day 1s harmony sit with meriam talk about the community . * harmony - a few month pregnant now , start to show * * Jackie appear carry a box towards harmony . when harmony see Jackie she be surprised . Jackie be equally * surprised by harmony 's condition . * jackie wow . you look you . how be ya ? harmony I be fine .... harmony be about to ask '' what be you do here ? '' ... * jackie * look , I ... I do not want to cause a * thing . I ... * ( more ) ( continued ) 75 115 . continued : jackie ( cont 'd ) I want to call and find out how you be but it feel strange to just call after the way we leave thing ... and I want to give you something anyway so I fly in . you look great . harmony thanks . what 's that ? Jackie take out some photo from the box . jackie I leave this to you decision . but I think - whether I be in the kid 's life or not , Jackie hand she the box ... a old wooden wine box . jackie ( cont ’d ) just photo of I and my family he or she may want to know some thing about I . harmony wow ... thanks . beat . jackie I just want to say , I have like to be a part of the kid 's life in any way you be comfortable with . you make the rule . whatever you decide . think about it . do not say anything now , ok ? harmony ok . Jackie and harmony have a silent beat . jackie take care of yourself . harmony you too . without another word Jackie walk away . harmony watch he leave . then she look down into the box : ( continued ) 75 + + h HH of + + hof + ff + * + + h fh hof * 75 76 77 116 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 we see a whole treasure trove of photo of Jackie 's family life ... not he career ... he family . Jackie as a young boy , Jimmy and britany when she be a little girl , etc . the only momento of he career be one of he album : '' Inside Jackie burke '' . harmony look after Jackie who have disappear . CUT to : EIGHT -ten year later . ext . florida elementary school auditiorium - day a parking lot of car . a cab or town car drive up to the entrance and stop ( carry Jackie from the airport - we may or may not see he exit ) int . florida elementary school auditiorium - day a banner read : talent show . the audience be fill with parent with video camera or phone , recording they kid . a little girl be on stage sing , off key . harmony be sit with the new man in she life . we ’1ll call he gary - age appropriate . work class style . Nice , down to earth guy . they hold hand . a empty seat wait beside harmony . from the back of the auditorium , Jackie enter with a carry - on bag . he spot harmony and sit in the empty seat . they whisper as the kid on stage sing : ( note : the gender of jackie and harmony 's kid will be subject to casting . for the script , it will read he / she or her / he ) . harmony oh good you make it . jackie my flight get delay . hi Gary . gary hey Jackie . jackie do I miss she / he ? harmony she / he 's next . ( continued ) + fof 716 1 k 77 117 . continued : 77 the kid on stage finish on a sour note but everyone applaud and cheer . over the loud speaker , we hear : talent show voice our next talented youngster be ... ( name pending casting ) . Jackie , harmony and Gary applaud with the audience . Jackie and harmony 's 8 year old cross to center stage , stand before a microphone to do a stand - up routine . jackie / harmony kid so what 's the deal with chore and allowance ? I turn eight and my mom say '' i’1ll give you ten dollar a week to make you room , wash the dish and clean the cat 's litter box '' . ten dollar ? that 's slave labor . I go to we neighbor 's house and I say , '' what x11 you give I if I make you room , wash you dish and clean you cat 's litter box ? '' neighbor say I do not have a cat . so I piss in she hallway and say , '' you go to 15 a week and I 'il supply the pussy '' . various shot of stunne parent , appal and shocked . on jackie and harmony - laugh , beam with pride . back on the kid . not get a response , he / she tap the microphone . jackie / harmony kid this fuck thing on ? Jackie and harmony smile proudly . the end