the big sick written by Emily V. Gordon &amp ; kumail nanjiani 1 over black . we hear audience laughter . andy dodd ( v.o . ) give it up for my man , Mr. kumail nanjiani ! kumail ( v.o . ) hello . I grow up in Pakistan . and people be always ask I , what be that like ? really not that different from here . I mean we play cricket , which be just a spicier version of baseball . and we pray a lot . well not a lot , just five time a day . and we marry someone we parent find for we . arrange marriage , you know . for I , it be probably that we get episode of the a - team a little bit later . and by a little bit later , I mean we just get episode two . but other than that , it be exactly the same . a credit sequence plays . kumail drive a uber around Chicago with various passengers in the backseat . int . triple door - present day - night kumail walk into the comedy club as mary be do a set on stage . CHRIS intercept kumail as he walk backstage . CHRIS there 's no bad crowd dude . only bad comedian . kumail you complain about the crowd like all the time . CHRIS yeah , but that 's when they be really bad . kumail so like ninety percent of the time , they be really bad ? 2 CHRIS will you just watch and give I note tonight ? if we both give each other note , I think it would be helpful . kumail you note be just to add more " fuck " into the bit . CHRIS fuck 's a funny word . Soft on the top and it 's hard on the end . Mary walk off the stage and sit on the couch next to cj . mary that be truly horrible . kumail hey , that be great . mary no , he do not even crack a smile . I think I be gonna puke . CHRIS who ? mary Bob dalavan . CHRIS who 's Bob dalaban ? cj Bob dalavan - work for the montreal Comedy Festival , you fuckin ' doof . do not you want to get notice ? move to LA ? hang out with elijah Wood and shit . andy dodd , the coke - up emcee , appear out of the bathroom . dodd no one 's on stage ? mary no ! dodd rush on stage . kumail he might have be do cocaine . 3 cj be he do cocaine recreationally ? mary a true cokehead . dodd jump up on stage . dodd ( o.s. ) now before I bring up the next guy , you guy know tonight be jell -o shot Tuesday ! whooo !! and we all know what happen after eight jell - of shot . we urinate all over ourselves and puke . okay , so I be go to bring up the next comic . you know this man . Chris slap he own face . CHRIS confidence . poise . smile . dodd ( o.s. ) give it up for mister Chris Jones ! Chris walk on stage . kumail he 's like if a serial killer fuck a inspirational speaker . cj he 's like Daniel Day Lewis except he suck . CHRIS just buy a laser printer . printed out like six laser so far . cj , kumail , and Mary watch Chris ' set . Andy dodd saunter backstage . kumail hey dodd . dalavan 's in the crowd tonight . could I do ten ? dodd no . five minute . you put out chair , you get five minute . you know the deal . kumail c'mon man . I will double it up next time . 4 dodd no . dodd walk back into the bathroom . kumail what be you gonna do in there ? dodd I be make up next week 's schedule . kumail okay . cool . int . triple door - later cj be on stage crush it . kumail and Mary watch from the wing . cj I be in bed with my girlfriend and I be try to mansplain to she that , you know , we be on one little rock orbit a star in a galaxy of a billion star in a universe full of a billion galaxy , so I forget you birthday . who give a shit ? you be cosmically over reacting to this . honestly you be be super selfish . you be right , but you be selfish . kumail look out at the crowd . dalavan enjoy cj 's set . int . triple door - later kumail put a recorder on he stool , press record and start he set . kumail hey ! have you guy hear of this new drug cocktail call cheese ? I see this news report so I look up what cheese be and cheese be a mixture . cheese be tylenol pm and heroin . so really , it 's heroin . heroin 's do the heavy lift . just do the heroin , it 's very powerful . you already have heroin . kumail look to see if Bob dalavan be laugh . he 's not there . he 's in the back talk to cj . fuck . 5 kumail ( cont 'd ) ( push through ) be Pakistan in the house ?! o.s. a woman " woo-hoos ! " kumail look out at the crowd and see emily , late 20' , white with a streak of blue in she hair . she sit at a table with a few friend . kumail ( cont 'd ) you be not from Pakistan . I would have notice you . she smile . crowd bar scene after the show . kumail , Chris , Mary and cj hang out at the bar . CHRIS he just give you montreal ? like you do not have to showcase or audition or anything ? cj it be too easy . like I want to struggle . I want a story to be able to tell on talk show and instead , like , you guy do not know how hard it be not to struggle . it 's a struggle succeed effortlessly . mary do he say anything about I ? cj sure . CHRIS what about I ? cj both of you . he say , that guy perform ... mary I truly hate you , actually . CHRIS we all hate you . kumail walk over to Emily and she friend jessie , talk loud over the music . kumail hi. 6 emily hi. kumail um , my name be kumail . emily yeah . we know . jessie we see you perform . kumail yeah . now that the nicety be out of the way , I have to tell you that when you yell at I , it throw I off . you really should not heckle comedian . it 's so rude . emily I do not heckle you . I just woo-hoo you . it be supportive . kumail okay , that 's a common misconception . yelling anything at a comedian be consider heckling . heckle do not have to be negative . emily so if I yell out " you be amazing in bed , " that would be a heckle ? kumail yeah . it would be a accurate heckle . jessie wow. Goodbye ! jessie walk away . emily do not go ! you scared my friend off now . kumail what 's you name ? emily Emily . kumail write Emily 's name in urdu on a napkin . 7 kumail I want to show you something , Emily . this be you name in urdu . Emily pick up the napkin , look at it . emily whoa . do this move work ? kumail I have have some minor success with it . emily bullshit . int . triple door bar - later Emily and kumail be still at the bar . kumail so you come to a comedy show with you friend ? emily yeah , we be all grad student at U of c. kumail what be you study at grad school ? emily I study psychology . I be go to be a therapist . kumail oh so you be gonna sit on a couch and ask people , " how do that make you feel ? " emily eventually . right now I be do field work with a group of guy convict of domestic violence . kumail Jesus . emily cheer to that . 8 kumail oh wow . no , do not cheer to that . to you become a therapist . emily great . to I get my master . we will start there and then we will go to the rest of it . int . kumail be apartment - later kumail and Emily walk in . it 's a typical bachelor pad boy house . milk crate for furniture , mess everywhere , no art on the wall . Chris be sit on the couch watch tv . kumail so my roommate Chris be probably on the couch . he 's go to try and start a conversation . so no matter what - do not engage . okay ? let 's go . CHRIS hi! Emily and kumail walk by Chris avoid eye contact . kumail close the bedroom door behind he . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) good for he . int . kumail bedroom - continuous kumail 's bed be a inflatable air mattress . there be clothes everywhere . kumail do you want to watch a movie ? emily sure . should I just , put my stuff down ? or ... kumail yeah , I would say it 's safe . you know what , go for that area . I clean that earlier this year . kumail point to a corner of he room cover in dirty clothes . 9 emily should I take my shoe off or be this a shoe on bed ? kumail no , it 's a shoe off bed . I have strict rule . Emily crawl onto the air mattress . emily oh wow . that 's totally a inflate mattress . kumail yeah . do you think it would be a flat inflatable mattress ? emily I do think it might be a actual mattress . kumail well air mattress be actual mattress . you be be bigote towards air base comfort item . kumail pick up the remote and turn on the tv . night of the live Dead be play . kumail ( cont 'd ) night of the live Dead ? emily sure , I have not ever see that movie . kumail okay , so basically the dead start rise . and the good guy , um ... they eye each other flirtatiously . laugh . lean in and kiss . int . kumail live room Chris hit the Siri button on he iphone . CHRIS text lauren . you up girl ? siri what do you want to say to Warren ? 10 CHRIS ah , no . fuck . Chris hit the Siri button again . siri what do you want to say to - CHRIS you up ? period . send . siri that may be beyond my ability at the moment . CHRIS fuck . int . kumail be bedroom - night kumail and Emily post-coital . emily what be this scar ? kumail oh , they be a smallpox vaccination . emily I think only old people have that . kumail well I be from Pakistan . we be still fight some battle you guy have already win . emily what be you like in high school ? be you like , super funny ? be you really smart ? kumail I be very shy . they call I chashmullee . emily what be that ? kumail it roughly translate to " dweeb . " I will show you a picture . 11 kumail flip through he phone and produce he old high school photo , show it to she . emily of you in high school ? oh my god ! kumail boom . emily no . kumail and I be think I be kill it right now . emily what inspire this hair cut ? kumail Hugh grant . emily oh no . and you be so serious . kumail I read in a interview with Hugh grant , he say he do not smile because it make he face look fat . so I do not smile in picture for many year . what be you like in high school ? be you vote ... most sexy ? emily no . I be vote " most noticeable . " kumail that 's good . emily no . it 's really not good . I have acne , and I be a goth and I have this terrible perm . the kid call I beetlejuice . I do not know why . actually I do know why , it 's because they think I look like beetlejuice . I think I be do with this subject . in fact , I think I be gonna go home . Emily get up , pull the blanket with she to hide she body . kumail hold onto it , stop she progress . kumail wait we have not even have sex again yet . 12 she tug the blanket , he let go . she dress behind it . emily no. no. I be really not that kind of girl . I only have sex once on a first date . plus a hand job . kumail well I have not have that yet ! Emily laugh . emily you do not get that because you make fun of I . kumail what be happen right now ? what be you do ? emily I be change under this blanket . kumail I have see everything . do you remember , we be just have sex ? emily yeah , but you be in the throes of passion then . listen , I have a really nice time . thank you very much . I be just gonna call a uber and go home . Emily pull out she phone , call a uber. kumail 's phone make a noise . they exchange a look . kumail you driver will be ready as soon as he put on he pants . emily be you available for ride while we be fuck ? kumail yeah , but I only look a couple of time . int . kumail be car - later kumail uber Emily home . Emily sit in the back . 13 kumail so. maybe I will run into you at the club sometime and we can grab a drink ? emily I be not really - I know this sound like a line - but I be not really dating right now . I have a lot of school and work and just a lot on my plate . kumail that 's perfect because I be not really dating right now either . I actually have a pretty strict two - day rule where I can not see someone more than two day in a row . so since we hang out for two day , if I be to see you again , which I will not because you be not dating , I be not dating , I would not be able to see you until Monday . emily we have not hang out for two day . we have hang out for about five hour . just to like , be totally clear . kumail yesterday and today . Cause it 's after midnight , today be actually tomorrow . earlier tonight be yesterday . so two day . emily you see , I do not date time nerd , so that really take you off the table . kumail that work out , because I be a hard core time nerd . emily yeah , I can tell . kumail I be like , very strict about am / pm stuff . emily so wait , just to establish , what do we just decide ? kumail we decide we be not ever go to see each other again . 14 emily great . I be glad we be on the same page . int . kumail parent dine room - brunch kumail be eat brunch with he father , azmat , he mother sharmeen , he brother , naveed , and he sister - in - law , fatima . azmat look at this jeans , kumi . they be from citizen of humanity , that 's the brand 's name . touch they . they be so soft . kumail I do not want to touch you jeans . azmat they be like sweatpant . you should be stylish like you father . it 's not very difficult . just observe I . naveed get some daddy style . sharmeen kumi , why do not you grow a beard ? not like naveed 's , just a small one . azmat maybe like mine , small and stylish . sharmeen kumi , I have be think , you know , why you do not enroll for lsat now ? kumail yeah sorry , ma . I have not do it yet . I like that you bring it up as though you have never bring it up before . naveed how 's the stand - up come bhai ? kumail it 's go fine . sharmeen since when be you someone to stand - up ? you know who I think should stand up be malala . she have something to say . 15 naveed ma-la-la . kumail she do open micu and she crush . lot of ethnic material , which I think be a crutch , and that one story get a lot of play , but - fatima you should be on that show Saturday night live ! naveed snl ! kumail that 's a great idea . I should e-mail they , I do not know why I have not think of that . azmat you know , I hack into you cousin rehan 's Facebook account - kumail you hack into it ? azmat yeah , they be not accept my friend request so I have to hack into it and I discover he and that white woman he be live with be have a baby - kumail they be marry . azmat yeah , whatever . and then I hack into tumblr and I discover that they name he davé . can you imagine ? kumail Dave . it 's probably Dave . all ah , Dave . yes , Dave . sharmeen very , very , very sad . no one be go to visit that baby . that baby , mark my word , will grow up without a family . 16 fatima it 's like he 's dead . or worse . sharmeen it 's very sad . kumi , go pray now so we can eat ice cream . go ! the ja-namaz be downstairs . naveed hurry up yaar . Ice cream . kumail leave the room . int . kumail parent basement - day kumail set he stop watch for five minute . he unfold a fold up prayer mat , stand beside it , look on he phone . kumail 's stopwatch go off . he fold up he mat . int . kumail parent dine room - moment later kumail be back . everyone be eat ice cream . azmat my mother use to make best kulfi . you grandmother . kumail I think ice cream be better than kulfi . azmat no , no - doorbell ring . sharmeen oh . I wonder who that could be ? sharmeen go to the door . kumail I be guess it 's a young , single pakistani woman who just happen to be drive by we house , which be in a cul - de - sac and I be also guess that the phrase " drop in " will be say in the next ten second . azmat / naveed / fatima ten. nine . eight. Seven - 17 sharmeen enter with a dress up , pretty pakistani girl zubeida , 20' . sharmeen everyone . this be Zubeida . she just drop in . zubeida salaam . all wa alaikum salaam . sharmeen please , sit . Zubeida sit next to kumail and hand he a headshot . zubeida here , kumail . for you file . you X - file . because that 's you favorite show , huh ? kumail thank you so much . zubeida the truth be out there ! nervous laughter all around . kumail it 's from the show . thank you . int . kumail parent house - later sharmeen and kumail be see Zubeida out . sharmeen I hope you come back . Zubeida exit , sharmeen look at kumail expectantly . sharmeen ( cont 'd ) kumi , there 's not go to be a magic spark , okay ? you have to work at it . you have to stay open . kumail okay , ma , yeah . I just wish you be better at it , you know ? ( more ) 18 kumail ( cont 'd ) I mean you have have so much practice and you be still not that good at it ! sharmeen ha. ha. ha. kumail you bring you a-game with naveed , but then with I , you be kind of just phone it in a little bit . sharmen again with the comedy , the comedy . all the time with the comedy . be serious ! kumail I be serious ! that 's why I want to help you get better ! int . kumail be apartment - later kumail put the headshot in the cigar box with a bunch of other picture of pakistani woman . int . kumail be car - later kumail drive Emily . she be in the back seat again . emily so , be you ever go to let I sit in the front seat ? kumail no , I be a professional . and you be pay for this ride . emily I do not want to pay for this ride ! it 's surging right now . kumail yeah , sorry . you should not have type in the number . int . kumail be apartment - later Emily and kumail on the couch in front of the tv . 19 kumail okay . the year be 1969 . mgm have have a string of failure . so , it turn to its most bankable star , Vincent price . emily be this you compatibility test ? like , the way people be with vonnegut or the Big lebowski ? kumail no ! just watch the movie . and take it seriously . emily I be go to love it . I love it when man test I on my taste . kumail I just want to share this movie with you , so I do not know why you be read into - emily how many woman have you show this movie to ? kumail Zero . emily how many woman have you show a B horror movie to on like , a third date . kumail this be not a B horror movie . Emily laugh . kumail ( cont 'd ) okay , you ready ? just close you eye cause when the menu come up , there 's some spoiler in the menu . emily I be ready , I be ready ! kumail ok , I will hit play . later , kumail check out Emily 's reaction , she do not seem into it . kumail ( cont 'd ) watch ! 20 emily I be watch ! kumail shhhhhh ! watch this part . emily stop watch I ! Emily yawn . kumail no ! be you tired ? we can watch it later . emily I just have that weird yawn thing that happen , when you be watch a really boring film . kumail it 's not boring ! wait for it to kick in . the plot kick in really soon . later , kumail and Emily make out . in the background , Vincent price exact he revenge . ext . emily's apartment build - later kumail walk Emily to she front door . emily that be fun . thanks for the ride home , but we gotta stop do this . kumail yeah . emily I know I have say that before , but I really do mean it . I can not be do this right now . kumail I know . totally . one hundred percent . I agree with you . emily so do not call I again . kumail I will not . I promise . 21 emily good luck on all you future endeavor . kumail oh yeah , thank you . hey , can we have a awkward hug before we part forever ? emily ok . kumail ok . kumail go in for a awkward hug . emily Goodbye . kumail Goodbye . Emily go inside . kumail call she immediately . she answer and they talk to each other through the door . emily you just promise never to call I again . kumail it 's really cold out here . it 's so cold . emily you make a pretty good point . she open the door , kumail go in . emily ( cont 'd ) it 's a lot warmer in here . kumail it be warmer in here . emily you know , it 's really nice upstairs . kumail be it ? 22 song plays ... " falling in love " montage - emily's apartment - Emily be read the dsm - V on the couch with she leg drape over kumail while he listen to he stand - up set , take note . Emily play footsie with kumail . they both laugh . -- kumail parent house . kumail 's family be eat dinner . the doorbell ring and sharmeen stand up to get the door . -- kumail be apartment - kumail put another headshot in the cigar box along with the other picture of pakistani woman . -- kumail parent house . kumail 's family be have dinner . the doorbell ring again . -- kumail apartment . another headshot go into the cigar box . -- kumail apartment . kumail and Emily snuggle in bed . -- emily's apartment . Emily and kumail play footsie on she couch . -- kumail parent house . kumail be mid-sip of water when he hear the doorbell ring . -- kumail apartment . another headshot into the cigar box . end montage . int . triple door bar - later Emily with kumail and he friend : cj and Mary . cj Emily , have kumail tell you that in addition to be a uber driver he also have a one - man show ? emily no , he do not tell I that . do you really ? kumail it 's really nothing . it 's just something I be fiddling around with . 23 emily how be a one man show different from stand -up ? kumail it 's really not . mary there 's lot of wig and costume change . cj there 's a lot of act in it . mary and then like at the end of it , you have get this very awkward conversation where you go , " I really like it . " kumail but I think you really like it ! mary I really like it . emily I can not wait to see the show . kumail you will never see the show ... cj you have to see the show . mary you have to see it . kumail it 's not ready . cj you will love the act . kumail they be fuck with you . it 's not really like that . emily be they fuck with I or you ? it seem like they be fuck with you . 24 int . playground theater - stage - night tiny theater , sparsely attend ( Emily , she friend jessie , Mary and cj ) . on stage be a kid 's room . a ninja turtle poster , a prayer mat . kumail I be twelve year old . this ... this be home . feel like I never leave . do you smell that ? that 's my mom cooking the murgh roghen joash . cj ( quietly , in the audience ) fuck . kumail do you hear that ? that 's my father watch cricket on the telly . do you feel that ? that 's the weight of Pakistan 's history . time CUT to : a map of pakistan be behind kumail . kumail ( cont 'd ) Pakistan be form when it separate from its biggest rival , India , on August 14th 1947 . time CUT to : kumail now wear cricket pad &amp ; hold a bat . kumail ( cont 'd ) six run ! time CUT to : kumail pull up a diagram of a cricket field . kumail ( cont 'd ) silly mid on , short mid wicket , midwicket , deep mid wicket , mid on , Long on , Long off ... cj stretch in the audience . jessie ( quietly , from the audience ) I have to leave as soon as the show 's over . I can not stay . 25 Emily nod in understanding . kumail so if you get a silly mid on fielder , you know you be get a Yorker soon . time CUT to : return to the map of pakistan kumail ( cont 'd ) so to review , Pakistan 's biggest export be cotton and ... audience concrete . cj ( quietly ) kill I . time CUT to : kumail wear a shalwar kurta . kumail eid Mubarak . that 's we Christmas . except instead of the traditional Christmas ham , we serve mitthai , which my khansama Chris will serve to you right now . khansama be urdu for servant . Chris hand out white sugary chalky cube from a tray . kumail ( cont 'd ) if you would like to make it at home , the main ingredient be condense milk , sugar , and love . at least , that be my mom 's recipe . cj ( quietly , to Chris ) hey , you look like a child 's toy from Malaysia . kumail now all rise for the pakistani national anthem . all stand with they hand over they heart as kumail sing . 26 int . backstage - later Emily meet kumail backstage . she wear a sweatshirt with brain on it . emily hey ! kumail hey ! so ? what do you think ? emily um , I think it be great . kumail yeah ? emily I never know that Pakistan have the world 's large irrigation system . kumail yeah . something like 14 million hectare be be irrigate . as soon as I read that I be like " oh , that 's go in the show . " cj and Mary appear behind they . cj hey , that be ... you be in the zone , man . that be the best one we have see . mary yeah , that be so honest and good . cj and you know what I realize halfway through ? you be from Pakistan ! good to see you Emily ! emily bye guy ! cj keep up the - they exit . kumail they seem to like it . emily they be so nice . 27 kumail so , really what do you think ? you know , it 's a work in progress ... emily I really like it . I learn a lot . about Pakistan , and cricket . all that position . but I just wish that I learn more about you . do that make any sense ? kumail yeah . int . kumail be bedroom - late night kumail be asleep . emily be awake . she look over at kumail , and very silently , guiltily , crawl out of bed . int . kumail be live room - continuous Emily sneak past Chris who be pass out on the couch and go into the bathroom . int . kumail be bedroom - continuous Emily look around kumail 's bedroom for something . she start put she clothes on . kumail wake up . kumail hey . emily oh , hi ! kumail it 's 3 am . emily be that diner around the corner open ? kumail it 's 24 hour . why ? you want a old lemon meringue pie ? 28 emily you be so funny ! actually , no , I just ... I really need to get a cup of coffee . kumail I can make you coffee . emily I love diner coffee . that burnt taste . kumail all right , I will come with you . emily no , no ! why would you do that ? kumail it 's a bad neighborhood . I be not gonna let you go on you own . emily why cause I be a woman ? seriously , that 's the most misogynist thing I have ever hear . kumail why be you be so weird ? emily fuck you , I be not be weird . kumail you be be so weird . emily fuck you . you be be weird ! you be be so weird ! kumail how be I weird ? I want to sleep while it 's sleep time . emily this be normal . Girls go to get coffee in the middle of the night . have you never have a girlfriend before ? this be what it 's like . kumail be you okay ? 29 emily everything be not okay . everything be not okay . kumail you can tell I anything , you know that right ? you can tell I anything . emily I have to take a shit , okay ? I have to take a huge fuck dookie . I can not take a poo in you bathroom because you do not have any match and you do not have any air freshener . what kind of person do not have any match or air freshener in the bathroom ? the wall be so thin ! and Chris be right out there . kumail start laugh . emily ( cont 'd ) please stop laugh ! please , please . kumail okay , I have a idea . ext . kumail be house - moment later kumail sit on the stoop outside . after a beat , Emily sheepishly walk out and sit next to he . kumail how be you ? emily I do not want to talk about it . int . batting cage - day naveed fully gear up : bat helmet , glove , elbow pad , eye-black . kumail behind the backstop , watch . naveed watch and learn , bhai . it 's all about shifting weight and torque . a ball zing at naveed , he miss completely . 30 naveed ( cont 'd ) oh Christ ! kumail oh. another ball zing . miss again . kumail ( cont 'd ) you be like a pakistani sammy sosa . a 8 - year old kid in a cage nearby crack a clean hit . kumail ( cont 'd ) hey he 's pretty good . just do what he 's do . naveed throw down he bat and exit the cage . int . batting cage snack shack - later kumail and naveed eat from tiffin &amp ; ramekin . they fork - fight over they meal . naveed mine . kumail come on . naveed mine , mine . kumail this cookie be really good . naveed they be biscuit ! listen to yourself . you hardly sound pakistani . " cookie " ? you sound like Julia Louis - dreyfus . you be such a burger . kumail I be not a burger . naveed yes , you be . you be a big fat burger . kumail I be not a burger and biscuit be actually a british term . 31 naveed well thank you for that information that no one give a shit about and you should listen to mom and grow a beard . kumail it get really itchy , I have try . it 's all patchy . naveed try be a man and conditioning like I do . kumail what 's the whole thing with Muslims grow beard anyway ? it 's such a arbitrary thing . like who decide that ? oh , we have to have beard . naveed yeah . there be a billion of we and you be the only one with the truth . be that right ? the sun be just shine down on you right now . it 's just parting like " ahh " . kumail you know , I have to tell you something , bhai . naveed here we go . yeah ? kumail I have be dating this girl . naveed acha . kumail she 's white . naveed I think you be go to say you be involved in a hit and run or you get catch forging some check . but a white girl ? such a cliche . a white family stare in they direction . kumail it 's okay ! we hate terrorist ! 32 naveed listen . I understand . you be in America . you wanna mow a few lawn and see what it 's like . but eventually you have to marry a pakistani girl . like I hang out with other girl . but then I marry fatima . we hardly speak two word to each other the first few month ! but now , kumi , she 's like my best friend . you have to break up with she immediately . kumail if I find someone who 's as good for I as fatima be for you , Mom would understand , right ? I mean , she would not love I less ? naveed she would definitely love you less . slowly , you would sort of -- what 's the word when guy stop return girl ' call ? kumail ghost ? naveed yes . ( dead serious ) you have to end it now or Mom will fuck ghost you . naveed get up . naveed ( cont 'd ) now come on . he exit , leave kumail alone at the table . int . grad party - later kumail and Emily be sip wine out of plastic cup . emily I be get a lot of bright fruit . I would say it 's very fruit forward . kumail uh huh . it taste like grape juice that 's go bad . how do you know so much about wine ? 33 emily um , because , I be pretty unhappy in my first marriage and I drank a lot and one way to cover drink be to know a lot about wine . kumail I be sorry wait , what do you say ? emily that know a lot about wine sort of cover for drink a lot . kumail no , the huge piece of information you be try to blow right past . emily yeah . I be marry . kumail you be marry ? emily I be . I be marry . do you want to talk about something else ? kumail yeah , cause I do not really have any question other than ... when do you get marry ? when do you get divorced ? what 's he name ? how tall be he ? do you love he ? I guess I have a couple of question . emily uh huh . his name be , be Ryan . we meet in college . everyone I know be get marry super young , so we do . and one day I be at a restaurant and I see this couple make out and I think " I do not think about my husband like that , but I guess that 's okay " and then another part of my brain be like " no it's not okay this be you life " . I feel like this be freaking you out . do this freak you out ? kumail it 's not freaking I out . emily I do not wanna put pressure on you . and I know it 's only be a few month . ( more ) 34 emily ( cont 'd ) but I just want to tell you that I be completely overwhelm by you . it 's the last thing I be expect . kumail this be also the last thing I be expect and I also feel completely overwhelm by you . emily that 's a weird thing to say . kumail why ? I just say what you say . exactly what you say . emily yeah , but it be not weird when I say it . it 's okay . int . kumail be apartment - night Emily watch kumail sleep . int . trader joe be - night kumail and Emily grocery shop . emily so listen , my parent be come to town this weekend . maybe you wanna come for lunch ? kumail oh , we can not because of the two - day rule , right ? you will come to Mary 's party Friday night and then you will probably spend the night . so I will not be able to see you until Monday , so ... emily okay . well , I would love to meet you parent . they live in the city , right ? kumail well , they live in the suburb . you know , I do not really see they very much . 35 emily have they ask about I ? what do they think ? do they want to meet I ? my parent want to meet you . kumail of course , of course . they be die to meet you . Emily stumble . emily ow ... oh my god .. kumail be you okay ? what happen ? emily totally fine . kumail do you need assistance ? emily I think I just tweak my ankle . I take this stupid hip hop dance class last weekend . kumail you should get it look at . do you want ice ? emily look , I be walk on it . I be totally fine . kumail can I get you a bag of ice ? I can carry you ? I can carry you the rest of the day ? emily kumail , seriously , stop . int . kumail be apartment - next morning Emily be eat cereal in bed . kumail be in the kitchen make coffee . kumail ( call out ) hey , I like you friend . that Craig guy or be it greg ? ( more ) 36 kumail ( cont 'd ) I can never tell with that name . I be glad I like he cause I do not want to have to come up with excuse to avoid he , you know . like , oh no , I have kite surfing tonight . Emily open the cigar box and see the headshot of the woman . she flip through they . kumail ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do you know in the UK it 's pronounce " crayg " . which be good because that 's actually how it 's write , right ? he 's a " crate " guy . kumail enter . kumail ( cont 'd ) ( see she with the box ) I be go to tell you about that . emily be you like judge Pakistan 's next top model or something ? seriously , who be this woman ? kumail you know how we have arrange marriage in my culture ? this be that woman . emily this be woman in Pakistan who want to marry you ? kumail they be not in Pakistan . emily you have meet this woman ? kumail just with my parent . we have not like - emily you be not serious about this , be you ? kumail it 's my mom 's thing , I just go along with it . emily so what do you mom think about you and I , then ? 37 beat . emily ( cont 'd ) she do not know about I , do she ? kumail no . Emily storm out of the bedroom . int . kumail be live room - continuous emily Fucking five month of red flag . oh my god , I be so stupid . you ducking my parent . oh my god , the two day rule ! seriously , red flag after red flag . such a liar ! Emily storm back into the bedroom . int . kumail bedroom - continuous emily ( cont 'd ) you lie to I . you lie to you parent . and that be just the people you like ! be there someone that you be not lie to ? I would love to meet they , cause then I could tell they what a fuck liar you be ! kumail you do not tell I about you be divorced until recently . you be hide fuck something too ! emily my divorce do not mean we future be impossible . it actually mean the direct opposite . I be not hide anything from you . okay ? I be a open fuck book . you wanna know what 's in my cigar box ? sticker . sticker and stamp . kumail be not you a therapist ? be not you suppose to be good at handle this type of thing . 38 emily where be my fuck shoe ? kumail be not you suppose to be handle this better than you be right now ? emily I be express myself ! Emily storm back out of the bedroom . int . kumail be live room - continuous she grab she shoe . kumail you know what we call " arrange marriage " in my culture , Emily ? Marriage ! okay ? we just call it marriage . there 's another type of marriage that 's call " love marriage " and that 's bad . my cousin rehan marry a irish woman and he be kick out of the family ! and nobody be allow to talk to he . emily why do not you tell I any of this ? kumail because I do not think you would fuck understand and I be fuck right ! emily you do not think I could fathom you life in any fuck way ? kumail I be fight a fourteen hundred year old culture ! you be ugly in high school ! there 's a big fuck difference ! ( a beat ) I be sorry . I can not lose my family . emily can you imagine a world where we end up together ? kumail I do not know . 39 emily I have to go . do not fuck call I . Emily leave . int . kumail parent house - later kumail have family dinner with another pakistani girl . yazmin multi-grain , pumpernickel , pita bread , hot dog bun , crouton .. I can not eat any of it . int . triple door - later Sam be on stage . SAM I do not want kid . people say , Sam , you be gonna love it . you be gonna have a kid and he 's gonna be you best friend . a best friend that puke on you and shit everywhere , and be constantly scream . I already have friend like that . people say , Sam ... kumail sit with cj backstage . cj I know you be bum . look , Emily 's a good person , I be not say she 's not . all I be say be this be the universe tell you : seize you moment . be a little selfish and pursue you career . Bob dalavan 's gonna be here on Thursday . if you book the montreal Comedy Festival , it would change thing for you . you do not wanna get stick in Chicago , right ? you do not wanna be like Sam highsmith . he 's be do the " people say Sam " bit since ' 03 . they look at Sam on stage . SAM people say , Sam ... cj be that what you want ? 40 kumail it 's amazing . it 's the same material . SAM what do people say ? audience Sam ! SAM people say what ? audience Sam ! SAM I be Sam highsmith . thank you very much ! Sam exit the stage . kumail I be gonna tell he . I be gonna tell he how I actually feel about it . Sam pass . kumail ( cont 'd ) great set , dude ! cj fistbump Sam . SAM crush it ! kumail Love the new stuff ! Sam exit . kumail ( cont 'd ) we should be ashamed of ourselves . cj we be weak . int . kumail parent house - night the family be in the live room with , khadija , another pakistani girl . 41 khadija I would not really call it a obsession but ... I be pretty good at magic . sharmeen can you make he belly disappear ? azmat no , I be too happy with my belly . khadija do anyone have a dollar ? azmat I will give you something . azmat hand she a bill . khadija 20 ? Big spender . Andrew Jackson ? do not you think he would look cool with sunglass ? she draw a pair of sunglass on top of Andrew Jackson 's head , and fold the bill . khadija ( cont 'd ) we sprinkle the magic dust on . khadija make a sprinkle motion with she finger over the fold up bill . kumail yeah , you can not do it without the magic dust . khadija yeah , I need it . all right ... she snap she finger . khadija ( cont 'd ) ok. watch carefully - khadija unfold the bill . Andrew Jackson be now wear the sunglass . fatima that be amazing ! and he do look better with glass ! kumail how do you do that ? 42 khadija oh no , a magician never reveal she trick . here 's you twenty back , Mr. nanjiani . azmat do you think I could use this twenty dollar bill to buy something ? khadija it look better now , right ? kumail share a look with sharmeen . int . kumail be apartment - night int . kumail put khadija 's headshot in the cigar box . int . triple door - saturday night kumail do stand-up . kumail I be watch this monster movie with my friend and he turn to I and be like , " what would you do in that situation ? " I be never go to be one of the last guy alive . I be go to be the first guy to die . I die so the other character get to find out something weird be go on . I go off alone to find the cat . kumail see Bob dalavan at a table with cj . dalavan listen to kumail 's set and seem into it . kumail ( cont 'd ) I never even find out that there be monster . to I , the plot of the movie be " we be at a research facility and the cat 's miss . " the end . int . triple door - later that night kumail talk to a DENISE , write she name on a napkin in urdu . Chris and Mary be nearby . kumail denise . this be you name in urdu . 43 DENISE wow , that be so cool . Bob dalavan approach . bob dalavan kumail ? hey , Bob dalavan . kumail yeah , I know you . bob dalavan you have some very interesting premise in you set tonight . kumail thanks . bob dalavan I just want you to know that you make the final for the montreal showcase . kumail oh my god . thank you . bob dalavan you too , Mary . congrat . mary oh , ok ! bob dalavan so we will see you guy up there . we will be in touch . CHRIS what about C - Dog ? bob dalavan who 's that ? CHRIS um , I . what about I ? dalavan you know , funny stuff , okay ? Bob exit . DENISE ( to kumail ) do you wanna go somewhere ? 44 kumail yeah , let 's go somewhere . int . kumail be apartment - night kumail asleep in he bed , DENISE be asleep next to he . c.u. cellphone ringing . " unknown caller " blink on the screen . kumail stir awake . kumail hello ? jessie kumail . it 's jessie . kumail hey . who ? jessie jessie . I be in school with Emily . listen , Emily be in the hospital . kumail what ? kumail jolt out of bed . jessie ( v.o. ) could you just go , please ? she need someone there . we have exam tomorrow so nobody else can go . kumail fumble to get dress , as we CUT to ... int / ext . kumail be car - later kumail drive in the middle of the night , empty street . jessie ( v.o. ) she 's still in the er . could you just go and sit with she ? I be there for as long as I could , but it 's a crazy time for all of we ... ext . CITY view hospital - later a massive hospital loom over a quiet residential area . 45 int . CITY view hospital - emergency room - night kumail walk up to the reception desk . kumail hi . I be look for Emily gardner . um , Emily gardner ? she be check in ... a man be roll in a stretcher by emt . the nurse run off . int . hospital - moment later kumail walk by curtain bed hearing scream , wail , moan . he finally see Emily in a bed , hook up to wire and monitor . she look scared , a bit sedate . kumail hey . emily what be you do here ? kumail jessie call I and want I to make sure you be okay . so how be you do ? emily Fine . totally fine . never be better . a thousand percent fine . just like faint a little at work . I do not have breakfast this morning . kumail Breakfast be the most important meal of the day . you know that . nurse bette Ms. gardner . you room will be ready soon . okay ? emily oh , no , actually I would love to go home and sleep in my own bed . nurse bette Sir , can you step outside a moment , please ? if you want to stay you have to go to the security desk to get a pass . 46 kumail where be the security desk ? nurse bette it 's downstairs . exactly where you walk in . at the security desk . kumail the security desk be at the security desk . get it . int . emily's icu room - later Emily be propped up . kumail next to she . he have a badge . kumail can I get you something ? water. juice . coffee ? Emily be essentially pass out . kumail be not sure what to do . nurse judy bring in a doctor . dr . wright , 30 , look over at kumail . dr . wright May I speak with you for a second ? kumail ( to Emily ) I will be right back . int . icu room hallway - continuous kumail follow Dr. wright out to a busy hallway . dr . wright there be a massive infection in she lung . all she vital be elevate . do she have HIV ? kumail what ? no . I mean she -- dr . wright be you she husband ? kumail no -- 47 dr . wright we need to intubate she immediately . I need a family member to sign this . so I be go to ask you again . be you she husband ? kumail what do " intubate " mean ? dr . wright we have to put she on a respirator and to do that we need to put she in a medically induce coma . kumail coma . dr . wright yes , to stabilize she so we can work on the infection . and it need to happen right now . so , I be go to ask you one last time , be you she husband ? kumail sign the form . int . hospital hallway - moment later Dr. wright and orderly rush Emily down the hallway on a gurney . kumail run with they . try to keep up . emily what 's go on ?! where be you take I ? Emily disappear into a or . kumail watch doctor and nurse descend on she . nurse Judy put she hand on he arm . nurse judy you should call she family . int . emily's icu room kumail , freak out , stare at Emily , hook up to various wire on she arm and chest . he see she purse and dig out she iphone . it 's lock . he look over at Emily . kumail I be sorry . 48 he put she finger on the phone . it unlock . int . hallway - night kumail scroll down to parent on Emily 's phone and dial . a woman' voice pick up , " hello ? " ... kumail hey , Mrs. gardner ? this be kumail , Emily 's friend . I be so sorry to be call you so late . Emily 's fine . just want to get that take care of . she 's fine . she be at City View Hospital in Chicago in a medically induce coma . but the doctor say that - - yes I do say coma . int . emily's icu room - later kumail sit in a chair look at Emily who be hook up to a breathe machine . he doze off . int . emily's icu room - next morning kumail sleep . he wake up to a couple sit by Emily 's bed . terry , 50' , rumple , beth , 50' , put - together . kumail hey . I be kumail . beth we know who you be kumail . they be clearly tired , terrify . nurse Judy enter . nurse judy Mr. and Mrs. gardner . the doctor would like to see you now . beth ( whisper , to Emily ) be right back . they leave . kumail awkwardly follow they . 49 int . bereavement room - moment later ( sunday morning ) kumail , Terry , Beth sit . a waterfall coo . meditation on the wall : " darkest Night produce the brightest star " ; " grief be love 's unwillingness to let go " , etc . nurse judy listen , the doctor will be here any minute . she 's just run a little late . do not read anything into this be in the bereavement room . it be the only room we have available . terry okay . thank you . she exit . Terry nervously tap on he knee , annoying Beth . beth Terry , Terry - - it 's drive I insane . terry I know , I know . but it make I feel better . the doctor walk in . dr . cunningham hello . Beth and Terry stand to greet she . dr . cunningham ( cont 'd ) please sit . I be Dr. cunningham , Emily 's attend . I will be coordinate all the doctor and orchestrate she treatment strategy . beth " all the doctor " ? how many be there ? dr . cunningham five . beth five ? why so many ? be that normal ? Dr. cunningham yes , it 's standard with patient in the icu . we come at it from different angle -- 50 when we cut back it be a different person now . dr . lewin . Terry , kumail and Beth stay but the doctor change . dr . lewin we immediately initiate orotracheal intubation . thankfully it have not affect she heart at this point . CUT to : dr . whelan we do not know the exact nature of the infection yet , but we have get she on a broad spectrum of antibiotic . CUT to : dr . platt ... critical infection center around the costodiaphragmatic -- CUT to : dr . spellman we theory be methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus . terry ( take note ) hold on . be staphylococcus with a " for " or a " ph " ? dr . spellman ph. montage of doctor babbling unintelligibly as Beth and Terry visibly panic . int . waiting room - moment later Terry , Beth , and kumail sit , surround by : kide with coloring book , adult with magazine , various charger plugge into the wall . this be the people who wait . kumail that be very reassure , be not it ? apparently , there be good and bad coma . and the kind that they put she in , the medically induce one , be definitely the good kind of coma . ( more ) 51 kumail ( cont 'd ) like you know how there be good and bad carb . gremlin , that can be good or bad . terry listen , kumail ... we be gonna handle thing from here . you have be very helpful . thank you . for signing the thing - kumail my pleasure terry but you can go now . kumail oh ... okay ... all right . peace in the Mideast . he pick up he backpack and exit . int . triple door - backstage - that night kumail , Mary , Chris , cj , &amp ; Sam sit with notebook open . CHRIS what about this ? I see a sniffer dog at the airport get a boner . do that mean drug or bomb ? cj that 's good . what if instead of it be at the airport , you quit comedy and never do comedy ever again ? CHRIS fuck you . it 's a good bit . cj just for the sake of the public . so they would not have to look at you face or hear you word . kumail interject . kumail it 's okay that I be not there , right ? like , I do not need to be there , right ? SAM what happen ? 52 CHRIS he put he girlfriend in a coma . you know , the way you do . mary he sign a paper that allow doctor to put she -- cj he suggest it . kumail she 's gonna be fine . she 's gonna be fine . they say she 's gonna be fine . doctor know medical stuff . that 's what doctor do . they be good at medical stuff . this be a medically induce coma . this be they specialty . mary maybe . CHRIS it might be a good thing . she might wake up with a new skill . like my cousin black out once and when he come to , he think he know a different language . cj do he ? CHRIS no , it be just gibberish that he make up . it be brain damage . cj and Mary shake they head . kumail look freak out . SAM I get another Taco Bell one ... int . hospital waiting room - monday morning Terry and Beth wait . Beth be sewing a shirt of Emily 's . Terry be pace . kumail walk up to they . beth do you forget something ? kumail be she up yet ? 53 terry no , she 's not . they will not tell we anything . we have be here all morning . kumail I know you guy say you do not need I to stay , but I think I be just go to wait anyway . beth you guy break up . I be not sure why you be here . you do not have to worry about be commit to anything , kumail . you do not want to when she be awake . there 's no need to do it when she 's unconscious . kumail it 's more complicated than that -- beth be it ? because I know about the two - day rule , I know about the headshot and the secret . she tell we everything . ( beat , then ) you really do not have to stay kumail . you have already do a lot . kumail be speechless . after a beat of awkward quiet -- kumail I be just gonna stay for a second . be this seat - ? kumail gesture to the empty seat next to Beth , but she throw she sewing on it and turn away . kumail walk to another row of seat and sit down , face Emily 's parent . Beth watch he intensely for a few beat before kumail turn to the woman sit next to he . kumail ( cont 'd ) be that lady still look at I ? int . hospital cafeteria - later kumail carry he tray , spot Terry and Beth together have a hushed conversation . he sit at a different table . Terry wave at he . kumail head over to they . 54 terry no reason you should eat there by yourself . right , hon ? beth ( barely look up ) it 's a free country . kumail nod . sit down . they eat . it 's awkward . kumail how 's you sandwich ? beth best fuckin ' sandwich I have ever have . terry mine 's good . tuna 's always a gamble . you know , we be not by the water . well , we be by the water , but it 's a lake . there 's no tuna in the lake . whatever . I throw the dice . I get the 7's , I guess . whatever the good dice number be . more silence . terry ( cont 'd ) so , uh , 9/11 ? blank look from kumail and Beth . terry ( cont 'd ) no , I mean , I have always want to have a conversation about it with ... people . kumail you have never talk to people about 9/11 ? terry no , uh , what 's you stance ? kumail what 's my stance on 9/11 ? oh , ummmm ... anti . it be a tragedy . ( a beat ) I mean we lose 19 of we best guy . beth huh ? 55 kumail that be a joke , obviously . 9/11 be a terrible tragedy , and it 's not funny to joke about it . Beth and Terry be page on the intercom . they quickly gather up they thing and get up to leave . kumail ( cont 'd ) hey , can I come ? terry beth yeah . no. Terry gesture for kumail to get up and follow they . beth whatever . int . doctor' office - moment later kumail , Beth , Terry , and Dr. cunningham . dr . cunningham I know this be not the news you be hope for but we be not ready to bring Emily out of the coma yet . beth oh. I - terry what happen ? dr . cunningham the antibiotic be not do exactly what we would hope they would , and we do not want to mess around . so we be go to perform surgery tomorrow morning to remove the infection . beth wait a second - Dr. spellman tell we that the antibiotic would work . he do not say anything at all about surgery . 56 terry what do that mean ? what kind of surgery ? dr . cunningham it 's call thoracentesis , it 's a very common procedure . we be go to go in between the rib and remove the infection . terry ( scribbling in he notebook ) how do you spell that please ? thora - ? what 's the last part ? dr . cunningham - centesis . beth and where be the infection ? dr . cunningham on the lung . beth what 's the risk ? dr . cunningham low . my advice to you be that you go home , you get something to eat , and try to relax . int . kumail be car - night kumail drive Beth and Terry . everyone look daze . ext . emily's apartment build - later kumail help Beth and Terry carry they luggage upstairs . int . emily's apartment - continuous they enter . Beth and Terry begin look around . terry she leave the light on , eh ? 57 beth my favorite sweater . Terry look at Emily 's bookshelf and pull out a book . Beth put the sweater on and take she laptop out , sit on the couch . beth ( cont 'd ) I be gonna do some research . terry oh hey , that 's the book I give she . beth no , I give she that one . hey , do you have that little notebook from the doctor ? Terry hand she the notebook . terry no , this be the book I give she . kumail I be just gonna clean up Emily 's room real quick . beth I remember . I meet she at the falafel place and then we go to that book store that 's hardly ever open and I buy it for she . terry you be not the only one who give she thing . beth what 's up with you ? terry I be just tired of you think that you be the only one who give she thing . I give she that book . beth look at the inscription . terry no . that 's stupid . Beth shrug and go back to the computer . Terry look at the inscription , frown , put it back . 58 int . emily's bedroom - same kumail leave the door open a crack . he see in the live room Terry and Beth be whisper- quarrelling . he begin to clean . pull a marijuana pipe and bag of weed off the dresser and shove it into the back of she closet . he notice the brain shirt in the closet . he touch it . we see a flashback of Emily wear the sweatshirt . he open a cigar box on she dresser and pull out polaroid picture . they be of he and Emily . more flashback of Emily . terry ( o.s. ) kumail . kumail , a bit startle , turn . kumail hey . terry sorry ... do not mean to surprise you . I be just wonder if we wanna do anything . get any parlor game ... kumail I do not - what be parlor game ? terry Card game , word game . you play any word game ? kumail no , I have never play - terry you ever play you can not rhyme it ? kumail how do that go ? terry it 's basically where you try to find a word , a real word , that nobody can rhyme . kumail ok , stonehenge . 59 terry yeah , see you would win . that would be a winner . kumail I do not play board game . I play video game . terry that 's the thing . everybody now need nintendo , the game thing , electronics , a thousand dollar . when I be a kid , a piece of chalk and a pavement , that 's you entertainment . hopscotch , tic tac toe , throw the chalk at Jimmy . there you go , three game right there . kumail Jimmy be a real guy ? terry yeah , well there be no particular Jimmy , whoever get hit with the chalk , he be the Jimmy . kumail get a call from naveed on he phone . he ignore it . terry ( cont 'd ) I be just try to figure out what to do . kumail and Terry walk into the live room . int . live room - continuous kumail and Terry walk back in . Beth be on she laptop . kumail yeah , tonight 's no good for I . I would love to , but I be actually gig tonight , which be like a industry word we use for when we do show . terry really ? kumail yeah , there 's a big montreal Comedy festival audition come up , and I be actually headline tonight . 60 terry oh . that 's cool . I have not be to comedy show since the 80' - rita rudner at caroline 's . remember that , hon ? beth Christ . pleural effusion and empyema , -- terry ( nervous ) maybe we should go to kumail 's show . what do you think ? would not that be fun ? beth oh my god . this picture be horrible . terry okay listen , why do not we go to the comedy club with he ? it will take we mind off of thing right now . beth I do not want to get my mind off it , Terry . we daughter 's have surgery tomorrow . terry please . I need the distraction . beth well then why do not you go ? terry no , I want you to come with I . I do not wanna be alone . beth all right . but I be bring my iPad . kumail ah it 's sell out . I should have say it before you guy have the whole discussion . it sell out super quickly . they be shocked at how quickly it sell out . terry but you can get we in ? you be the headliner , right ? that 's what you say . I mean , if you be the headliner , you can get two more in , right ? 61 kumail look pain . kumail that 's a good point . terry we will sit in the back . they get food there ? kumail they have get waffle fries and um - kumail turn and begin to head out the door . terry the hospital have waffle fries too . int . kumail parent house - same kumail 's family sit with a young pakistani woman sumera . there 's a empty chair where kumail usually sit . sumera I have actually never be to Pakistan . my parent move here for grad school and they just stay here . I have never even be to Canada . so uh , when be kumail come ? sharmeen he 's come . right , naveed ? traffic ? naveed I hear everything 's bumper - to- bumper on the Dan Ryan Expressway . sumera that 's weird because I take the Dan Ryan Expressway here . int . triple door - later Chris be on stage perform . CHRIS what be you dad 's sister 's favorite kind of music to dance to ? kumail and Mary chat off to the side of the stage . 62 kumail Emily 's parent be here . CHRIS ( o.s. ) auntz , auntz , auntz . mary tonight ? why ? CHRIS be anybody here from out of town ? Terry clap . Beth barely pay attention . Chris focus on Terry . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) a few , a few . what 's you name , sir ? terry Terry . CHRIS Terry . and who 's this lady next to you ? be it Cloth ? a little Terry Cloth ? beth it 's Beth . backstage kumail peer through the curtain , cring . CHRIS Beth . pretty close . Terry - Beth , where be you guy from ? terry we be from North Carolina . CHRIS ooh North Carolina . the tar heel State ! Home of krispy kreme donut ! and what bring you to Chicago ? beth we daughter 's in a coma . Chris try to absorb that . he turn to another person in the crowd . CHRIS where be you from ? 63 int . kumail parent house - same sumera it 's get late , I should go . she move to get up , but sharmeen and azmat stop she . azmat no , I think I should call he up , I will just call he up . ( into phone ) hello , kumi-beta ? what do you mean , who be call ? this be you father . ok , ok . ( he hang up the phone ) he will be here any moment . ( to naveed in urdu ) I just fake that call . do you call he ? naveed ( in urdu ) a hundred time . no response . sumera I think I should make something clear . ( in urdu ) I can understand what you be say . fatima ( in urdu ) I think you say you would never be to Pakistan . sumera ( in urdu ) I say I would never be there but we speak it at home . azmat ( in urdu ) for someone who 's never be to Pakistan you speak urdu very well . sumera ( in urdu ) thanks . azmat do you want to sing ? azmat lead the group in song while sumera reluctantly clap alongside they . 64 int . triple door - later kumail on stage perform . kumail I want to name my kid void so he will not be able to cash any of he paycheck . Beth and Terry watch from the audience , laugh . kumail ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , sir , this say void on it . but that 's my name . curse you , father ! ( gesture upwards ) I work on the second floor of the bank in this fantasy scenario . heckler go back to isis ! a hush over the crowd . kumail not sure how to respond . kumail toast be a really strange food . beth ( to heckler ) what do you just say ? heckler I say , he should go back to isis . kumail toast be the only food that - beth well that 's a really confusing position . do you want isis to have more people ? heckler no I be say that to he because ... beth guess what everybody ? we have get a isis recruiter here . the crowd laugh . kumail glad we get to the bottom of that . toast be like a- 65 beth what be it about he that make you say that ? kumail I think we know what the answer be . heckler Lady I be not talk to you . beth what be it about he ? kumail we do not have to go down this path . we know what 's at the end of it . heckler cuz of how he look . kumail there it be . beth that be like say that all frat boy wear country club hat and Hawaiian shirt have shrivel up , tiny little dick ! the crowd react . kumail actually , Beth , this be a bad way for you to find out , but he 's right . I actually be a terrorist . I just do stand - up comedy on the side to keep a low profile . heckler fuck you . kumail first of all , very clever . do you write that at home ? toast be - beth fuck you ! heckler fuck you . beth no fuck you ! 66 heckler you be a bitch , you know that ? Beth jump out of she seat and rush towards the heckler . a man restrain she while she claw at he . beth ( be drag out by security ) I be gonna fuck kill you ! what 's you fuck phone number ?! Terry head out after Beth . terry I be sorry everybody . I be sorry . he stop in front of the heckler . terry ( cont 'd ) I be not sorry actually cause you be a terrible person ... I do not want to kick you ass here in front of everybody . yeah , that 's right . I have get level , motherfucker . this elevator go all the way fuck down , you fuck prick ! int . kumail be car - later kumail drive with Beth in the passenger seat and Terry in the back . int . emily's apartment - continuous Beth , Terry , and kumail enter , all a bit shell - shocked . beth I think I will make tea . ( reconsider ) actually I will open a bottle of wine . ( re-reconsiders ) do Emily have whiskey ? kumail on top of the fridge . terry so uh , cub do good , huh ? 67 kumail I do not know anything about baseball . she start to pour . they all just sit there . beth I be so sorry about that . that be ... I just sort of lose control . terry I think it be sexy . kumail I too . not like sexy , but like cool sexy . not like arouse sexy . I be gonna not say sexy anymore . beth hey , you guy wanna get something to eat ? int . emily's kitchen counter - later kumail , Terry and Beth be eat pizza . beth so be it always like that ? kumail oh like tonight ? no , usually a different mom come in to help I . I be joke . no , it 's not always like that . I would quit if it be . terry here 's a joke . beth no , Terry , do not . Terry 's about as funny as a fart at a funeral . terry this be funny , this be a funny one . a giraffe walk into a bar and he say to the bartender , " highballs on I . " you get it , right ? kumail oh that be the end of the joke ? terry yes . 68 kumail that be the whole joke ? terry that 's the joke . that 's the beauty of it , boom . kumail I think there be more . terry he 's a giraffe , he 's tall , so it would stand to reason he testicles be high and a highball be a type of drink , and you ruin it by say I be not funny first . he give up and eat . kumail chuckle . kumail no , it 's good . I like my joke thoroughly explain . terry you be just busting my high ball . kumail laugh . int . emily's kitchen table - later Terry swill wine and swishes some in he mouth . terry complex finish . flamboyant mouth -feel . good . how about you ? kumail hmm , fruit-forward . terry good term . absolutely fruit-forward . kumail this one be in the front seat . it 's drive the wine car . terry exactly . beth I like wine cause of the buzz . 69 terry she 's a bit of a lightweight . beth so be Terry ! he will be pass out on the sofa in less than a hour ! terry ah that 's nonsense . you know that 's not true . int . emily's live room - later Terry , pass out on the sofa snore . kumail &amp ; Beth sit . beth you be not suppose to be on the show tonight , be you ? kumail oh ? I on the show tonight ? yeah , yeah I be . I be the headliner . Beth stare he down . kumail ( cont 'd ) okay . I lie about the show to get out of hang out with you guy . and then I lie about headline to impress you guy . beth well that do not work . kumail also , I think I screw up with you daughter . beth yeah , you do . ( then ) I do not know how people do it when they family 's sick . my uncle lew , he get cancer , then he have a stroke , then a heart attack , then he have a recurrence of the cancer . but you know what kill he ? kumail Cancer ? 70 beth car accident . we think maybe it be a heart attack while he be drive . and he do still have cancer too . and you know what ? he eat sprout he whole fuck life . have not have a yolk in 30 year . I do not know how I be go to sleep tonight . kumail you wanna stress eat ? beth fuck yeah . int . emily's kitchen table - later Beth show kumail goth photo of emily in Emily 's high school yearbook and on she laptop , amidst take out container , dessert , chicken strip , whipped cream . kumail oh my god . beth most noticeable . oh no , hold on , there 's more . Beth scroll through photo of Emily in goth attire , sword , black rose . she come to photo of Emily in a cemetery . beth ( cont 'd ) the legendary cemetery photo shoot . kumail oh my god . beth I laugh so hard when I see this . she get so mad at I . kumail laugh . Terry stir . kumail you be gonna wake he up . beth be you kid I ? he can sleep through anything . hey Terry ! she clap and Terry shift , but do not wake up . 71 kumail how do you and Terry meet ? beth I be go to East Carolina University and I be wait table . we meet at this coffee shop , I be wait on he . I like he hair . he be a teacher already . thick New York accent like nobody I would ever meet . totally wrong for I . so naturally we fall - in- love . my family could not stand he . we be all military people , army pilot . all my brother play football . Terry could not even change a tire . my father get so mad he break every dinner plate we have . now back then , you go to the gas station , you fill up you tank , you get a dinner plate . but just one at a time . Cup , saucer . it take we a year of fill - up to get the whole set back . and Terry just stick around . eventually they just all get over it . kumail they just get over it . how ? beth lot of fuck up dinner . how would you parent meet , kumail ? kumail so we have arrange marriage as you know . a big group get together to see a movie , but really it be just a set up so my mom and dad could meet . beth what movie do they see ? kumail I have no idea . I never ask . they look back at the goth photo of Emily . beth she 's great , you know ? kumail I know . beth I feel good about this surgery . 72 kumail yeah . this doctor know what they be do . beth no they do not . they be just wing it like everybody else . int . kumail be car - night kumail get into he car and check he phone . seventeen miss call from he mom and ten voicemail . kumail fuck . then he notice a old voicemail from Emily . he hit play on the message . emily's voice hey it 's I . so I try make some pakistani food to surprise you . and either I be a bad cook or all pakistani food be terrible . I do not know yet . bye ! he have not hear she voice in a while . he listen to another old voicemail . emily's voice hey it 's I . if you just wanna come over and like kiss I for two second , I would really love that tonight . ok. bye ! he listen to another . emily's voice ( cont 'd ) hey it 's I . so do you want to meet at the gallery , or - oh my god ! oh my god , a bird just hit I in the head . oh my god I be not kid . I will call you right back . oh my god , be it okay ? int . emily's icu room Emily lie unconscious in she hospital bed . 73 int . bereavement room - day Dr. spellman sit with kumail , Terry and Beth . dr . spellman the infection around the lung be remove . we should be able to pull she out soon . terry oh boy . beth how soon ? dr . spellman she should be up by tomorrow morning at the latest . we will also test the pleural fluid from the thoracentesis so we can create a more target antibiotic strategy . beth so this be good news ? dr . spellman it 's very good news . we will just hold onto she for a few more day and then you can have she back . terry she 's a fighter , right ? dr . spellman yes . int . kumail parent dine room - night kumail eat with he family . sharmeen I be so worried . we see on the news that a train derail and we think that you be on the train and you have die . kumail nobody die on that train , ma. sharmeen but do they look under the train ? 74 azmat so , where be you last night ? what be you do ? kumail nothing . I be not do anything . sharmeen kumail . kumail alright , I will tell you . I be ... study for the lsat . sharmeen really ? kumail yup . I sign up . and if I pass , I be gonna go to law school , become a lawyer , and do law . the doorbell ring . sharmeen get up . sharmeen oh , let I see who that could be . she exit . kumail really , dad ? you say that nobody be gonna come . that it be gonna be just we . naveed hey kumi , do you know this guy ? people say Sam . people say Sam . do you know he ? kumail yeah , I know . fatima he should be on Saturday night live . naveed snl . sharmeen return with khadija . sharmeen everybody remember khadija ? she just drop in . she be just in the neighborhood . 75 khadija wave awkwardly , and she parent , farhan and tina appear . sharmeen ( cont 'd ) and this be she parent , farhan and Tina . they also just drop in . int . kumail parent house - later Tina hold forth in urdu . the grow - up laugh . khadija try to lock eye with kumail . ext . khadija's house - later kumail walk khadija to she door . khadija I have just be through so many of this appointment and I never have anything in common with the guy . you know when girl at work complain about dating , I just want to body slam they . they have no idea . I do not know . my mom say I be become the bruise apple at the bottom of the apple bucket . kumail no , no . you be not . khadija I be . kumail you be not . khadija so do you want to hangout sometime ? like without we parent ? have you be to the cat cafe ? the cat just come up to you and nestle in you lap and you just pet they . kumail I do not think that 's a good idea . khadija you do not like cat ? 76 kumail I mean I do not think it 's a good idea for we to hangout again . it 's not you . you be fantastic . I just can not do this arrange marriage thing -- with anybody . khadija so why do you meet I ? kumail it be not my idea . khadija I be just really tired . do you ever want to just be in a relationship so you can finally relax ? kumail I be sorry . you deserve better than I . khadija people be always tell I what I deserve . it 's bullshit . and stop be so sorry about everything . I be gonna go . khadija start walk to she front door , then stop and turn back to kumail . khadija ( cont 'd ) and you know what ? I watch the X - file , like three whole episode , and it 's a bad show . int . waiting room - day Beth , Terry , and kumail sit . Beth and Terry with they laptop , kumail with he iphone . each diligently type . we see they be each look thing up on webmd . terry wow , they should call this website , " everything be Cancer dot com " . everything you put in , it could be cancer . hiccup could be cancer . come on . you take the fun out of hiccup now . beth do you know this be the 17th best hospital in Chicago ? 77 terry really ? out of how many ? beth I do not know , but Northwestern 's number one . terry well how do they rate it ? what 's they methodology ? beth I do not know , Terry . but 17th be bad . terry it 's not great , unless the sample size be , you know , that all depend . kumail here , look at the comment . terry this be why I do not want to go online cause it 's never good . you go online , they hate forrest gump . frickin ' best movie ever . int . hospital hallway - later Terry talk on he cellphone and pace . Dr. cunningham track he down . dr . cunningham Terry - hi. can we talk ? terry yeah . dr . cunningham we get the biopsy result . they be unfortunately inconclusive . we be concerned - Music drown out the rest of they conversation as Terry look increasingly distraught . int . hospital - hallway - later Terry speak with Beth and kumail . 78 terry they could not find out what the disease be , or where the virus come from or the bacteria or whatever . kumail but they take out the infection so it should not matter ? terry I know , that 's what I say but she vital do not normalize . and now they say that the infection be continue to spread , it 's in she kidney . kumail but the kidney be so far from the lung . terry I know , it 's a aggressive infection and they say what they gotta do now be figure out what this mystery disease actually be . beth I be call Northwestern . terry just hold on , hold on . beth Terry ! goddammit ! kumail I think we should talk about this -- beth -- you shut up ! I be sick of this shit , Terry . we be get she out of here ! terry they be in the middle of the whole process of elimination . beth so you be say Northwestern can not take that information and continue the search ? this place be a shithole . she look towards the other people in the wait room . beth ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Anna , could I have that ? 79 she take she bag from Anna . terry will you just stop for a second ? they be the doctor . you act like you know what you be talk about . you do not . Beth search in she bag . beth I can not find my cellphone . you get a phone ? terry do not give she a phone . you do not need a phone . you do not need to call anybody right now . kumail take out he phone , hand it to Beth . she start fiddling with it . terry ( cont 'd ) they be do it . they be the expert here , and I trust they . beth well that 's very nice . but I do not . can you unlock that thing ? Beth hand the phone back to kumail , he unlock it , hand it back . beth ( cont 'd ) there 's a reason why they be # 17 and Northwestern 's # 1 . and it 's not because people trust they ! terry oh - you think that you be smarter than I because you say big sentence . well you be not ! kumail be try to give they space , unsure what to do . beth I do not think I be smarter than you ! you just do not think you be as smart as I be ! that 's not my fault ! terry right . it 's never you fault . everything 's my fault . 80 beth oh there be some thing that be definitely just you fault . terry okay , that 's bullshit . you need to stop freaking out and calm down . beth and you need to stop be a coward . terry greatest hit , come back . you can stop , I will replay the rest of this from memory . kumail slip away . int . gift shop - moment later kumail look at gift item . int . hospital hallway - later kumail walk with a giant stuffed giraffe . int . emily's icu room - moment later kumail put the stuffed giraffe by she bed . nurse Judy smile . nurse judy oh , you be giraffe - ing it . kumail it be the biggest thing they have . I do not even know if she like giraffe . we never talk about giraffe . hey , do they know what they be do ? Cause they do not tell we anything . like , lyme Disease ? you know the girl on the Real World have it ? do you guy look for that ? nurse judy yes , we do . 81 kumail do you know she get hurt all the time ? she mess up she ankle recently - could that be lupus ? nurse judy kumail . we be look into everything . we be not hold anything back from you . we be still just eliminate possibility . kumail Cause Beth want to move she to Northwestern . nurse judy oh no . Emily should not be move . the hospital will approve it because it will get the liability off they hand , but we put she in a coma for a reason . to stabilize she . move she could be very dangerous . the infection could spread . trust I she be fight . and so be we . kumail look frighten . int . waiting room - moment later Terry ball up he coat to use as a pillow , try to get comfortable . kumail enter . terry see he and sit up . kumail hey Terry . I be just talk to the nurse - you okay ? terry yeah , of course . totally fine . Terry 's eye be very puffy and red . terry ( cont 'd ) Beth go to Emily 's , so I be gonna wait here until they kick I out . keep a eye on she . Long pause . Terry and kumail stare at one another . kumail do you wanna crash at my place ? 82 terry you get the golf channel ? kumail no . terry that be not funny , right ? kumail I think that be a serious question . terry let 's get the fuck out of here . int . kumail be apartment - continuous kumail and Terry walk in . kumail so this be the place . terry wow ... this place be terrible . int . kumail be bedroom - later kumail and Terry lay on separate air mattress . kumail hey I talk to nurse Judy , and she be say that move Emily could be a bad idea . terry really ? kumail yeah , she say it could be dangerous . Terry listen but do not respond . kumail ( cont 'd ) like ... terry no. yeah . I hear you . I would give anything to trade place with Emily . be a parent , it 's a nightmare . love somebody this much suck . 83 kumail yeah . kumail 's not sure what to say . terry and I guess you have notice some tension between Beth and I . kumail not really . that 's none of my business . terry yeah well , it 's there . Big time . kumail it 's get really late . we should go to sleep . kumail turn off the light . a beat of quiet in the dark . terry I cheat on she . kumail fuuuuck . terry I do . it be just a one night stand . kumail okay . terry we meet at some bar in Cincinnati . they have this teacher conference . who go to a math conference to get laid ? kumail math teacher ? terry yeah . I think I be depressed , that 's what it be . kumail yeah . let 's talk about it tomorrow . get a full night 's sleep . catch up fresh in the - terry she just smell so good . it be horrible too . as soon as I be finish . as soon as I would finish , I be like , what do you fuck do ?! what do you just do ?! ( more ) 84 terry ( cont 'd ) what do you do ?! you know that moment of clarity you get right after a orgasm ? kumail yup . terry I tell Beth right away . I have to . she be devastate . now she hate I . kumail she might be mad at you , but she do not hate you . you should have hear the way she be talk about you . hey , can I ask you something ? why do you tell she ? terry oh , I have to . I be no good with guilt . kumail do you guy talk about it ? terry not anymore . she say she forgive I , but no . she have not . let I give you some advice kumail . you be go to know the woman you want to spend the rest of you life with when you cheat on she . when you cheat on she and you just feel like shit . kumail so , to fully know I love someone , I have to cheat on they ? terry out loud it sound stupid . yeah , that 's terrible advice . Terry be clearly fraught . terry ( cont 'd ) Love be not easy . that 's why they call it love . kumail I do not really get that either . terry I know . I think I could just start say something and something smart would come out . 85 int . kumail be bedroom - morning kumail wake up . Terry be go . there be a note . " headed to the hospital . see you there - Terry . " int . kumail apartment kumail pull on he shoe as Chris exit the bathroom . kumail hey do you see Terry ? CHRIS no , I hear he leave this morning . I be go to sevies . you want anything ? kumail no , I be good , thank you . CHRIS you do not want a hot dog or nothing ? kumail dude it 's 8:30 in the morning . CHRIS okay , no hot dog . Chris open the door to leave as azmat and sharmeen enter . sharmeen we just speak to khadija 's parent . kumail what be you do here ? sharmeen what be wrong with you , kumi ? kumail nothing be wrong with I . I be sorry - sharmeen sorry ? that 's all you have to say ? kumail I be not that into she . 86 sharmeen " into she " ? do you know how difficult it be to get a appointment with she ? she be in very high demand . kumail okay . so ? sharmeen so ? kumail can we please talk about this another time ? sharmeen no , no , kumi . we will talk about this now . we have sacrifice everything for you . kumail I know , okay ? sharmeen we have leave we family . we have leave we home . I have miss the birth of my sister 's daughter . I have not see my mother for fifteen year . you father , he have to do he graduate school . again . he have to give exam . again . azmat I be in my mid 50' . they be in 20 . they use to call I Father time ! kumail I know that . I really appreciate everything you do for I , but can we talk about this another time ? sharmeen kumi , if you do not want to be a lawyer , fine . if you want to do the stand - up comedy and embarrass we as a family , fine . there be only one thing that we have ever ask from you : that you be a good Muslim and that you marry a pakistani girl . that be it , one thing ! kumail can I ask you something that have never make sense to I ? why do you bring I here if you want I to not have a american life ? ( more ) 87 kumail ( cont 'd ) we come here but we pretend like we be still back there ? that 's so stupid ! azmat do not you talk to you mother like that ! kumail you do not care what I think . you just want I to follow the rule . but the rule do not make sense to I . I do not pray . I do not . I have not pray in year . I just go down there and I play video game . azmat you do not believe in Allah ? kumail I do not know what I believe , dad ! I do not know . and I can not marry someone you find for I . sharmeen and why not ? kumail because I be in love with someone . I be . her name be Emily and she 's gonna be a therapist . and right now she 's very sick but I could not tell you that . it make I so sad that I could not tell you any of that . I really appreciate everything you have do for I . I truly , truly do . and I know Islam have be really good for you , it have make you good people , but I do not know what I believe . I just need to figure it out on my own . sharmeen you be not my son . sharmeen turn she back on kumail and head towards the door . azmat kumi , you be be selfish . you be not think about we . you be not think about khadija . in fact you be not even think about that girl that you be in love with . you think american dream be just about do whatever you want and not think about other people ? ( more ) 88 azmat ( cont 'd ) you be wrong ! you be wrong ! sharmeen and azmat leave . Chris come back in . CHRIS hey ... I never go to the store . I be just listen at the door . my mom kick I out for deal weed at sixteen , so I get it man . int . waiting room - later kumail walk in . he 's have a rough morning . Terry and Beth be signing form . kumail approach Terry . kumail hey , so when be we go to talk to Beth about what we talk about ? terry we be gonna move she . kumail what ? what be you talk about ? you fuck cave ? terry I do not cave . I do not cave . kumail okay , okay . I know you do not cave . you be great . but we talk about this last night . terry I know . we be move she . she 's right . Terry walk towards Beth as kumail follow . kumail what ? no . I tell you what the nurse say . hey Beth , the nurse tell I that move Emily could be a very bad idea . beth well Northwestern tell we it could be very good . kumail well , they do not see she . this nurse see she and she tell I herself . 89 terry it 's okay . they do not need to see she . Beth and Terry gather they thing to leave , and kumail grab a form out of Terry 's hand to stop he . kumail it 's not okay . there . I get it ! terry that 's a map of the garage . Beth and Terry begin to walk down the hall . kumail wait , wait ! do you want to be responsible ? she could die ! Beth stop . beth kumail , we be responsible for she no matter what . we be she parent . now I be sorry , we be move she . they head off . ext . quick 'n hot drive through - later kumail pull up in he car &amp ; talk to the drive thru box . stu welcome to Quick and hot . May I take you order please ? kumail yeah , um can I get a burger with 4 slice of cheese . stu four burger . anything else sir ? kumail no . one burger with four slice of cheese . silence . kumail ( cont 'd ) one burger with four - 90 stu I be sorry . we can not do that . kumail just put 4 slice of cheese on a burger . stu we can not do that . there 's no button - kumail who the fuck be this " we " , man ? who the fuck be this " we " ? it 's I and you . we be just people . Fucking listen to I . fuck this corporate entity . put four slice of cheese on the fucking burger . silence . stu we can not do that . kumail what the fuck , you fuck idiot ? kumail get out of the car , run to the pick up window . kumail ( cont 'd ) hey , look at I . Cause I be a human be . you be a human be . look at I . look I in the eye when you fuck I ! look at I . please ! stu today 's my first day . kumail fuck you ! kumail turn to the garbage can nearby and just start pull garbage out . he lock eye with stu . stu I will just ring you up for four burger . stu look down and start type . kumail I be sorry . 91 stu ( un-emotional ) do you want any fries or drink with that ? kumail I will take four fries . I be sorry . kumail begin to put the trash back in the trash can . int . kumail be car - night park , kumail sit scarfing down burger and fries . he get a text from Chris : " where be you ? you be up in 20 ! " kumail fuck ! int . triple door - showroom kumail enter . Big crowd . Mary 's on stage . Chris run up . CHRIS hey man , montreal final . you ready ? oh wait , be you get all dark and moody before you set ? yeah , punish yourself like a nasty little baby . kumail I be not in the mood . okay Chris ? CHRIS I will get you in the mood . kumail walk towards cj and Sam . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( to everyone ) I will get you all in the mood . cj you all right ? kumail why do everybody say the same fuck thing ? yeah , I be do great . 92 cj okay , all right dude . I be just check . dodd run up to kumail . dodd the fuck have you be , man ? you be on next ! dodd run off . on stage , Mary be do well . kumail 's phone ring . it 's Terry . kumail hesitates . then answer . we see kumail 's face . he do not say anything . on stage - Mary finish she act . we hear Terry 's voice on the call . terry ( o.s. ) kumail , it 's Terry . listen , we be not move here . the doctor , they say .. we do not hear the rest of the call . dodd this next performer , my man , Mr. kumail nanjiani ! kumail be daze . we see Bob dalavan in the audience . int . triple door - continuous kumail slowly walk up to the stage . he stand there silently , look at the audience . then , finally ... kumail have you guy hear of this new drug cocktail call cheese ? like that 's the name of it , it 's call cheese . I see all this news report , and they be like , there 's a new drug , it 's call cheese . everyone 's do it in the Midwest , kid be do it . titter . barely anything . Bob dalavan not laugh . kumail ( cont 'd ) it 's just really hard to do stand - up comedy when you girlfriend be in a coma . the audience laugh nervously . 93 kumail ( cont 'd ) not quite sure what part you be laugh at . they say she 's fight , but she do not look like she 's fight . she look like she 's just lay there . I say horrible thing to she . I hurt she . she love bird . like she get excited every time she see a bird . she 's like , look at this , it 's a bird . and I be always like , yeah , they be all over the place , they be bird . but she like that bird . every bird she see , she see it . CUT to : kumail ( cont 'd ) her dad just call and say that they can not transfer she because the infection have reach she heart . which mean ... ( realize for the 1st time ) she could die . int . emily's icu room - night it 's darker , less clinical - feel at night in Emily 's room . she 's still the same , the beep be the same , but there 's something almost holy feel in the room at night . kumail sit quietly talk to she . kumail I do not know if you can hear I or not , but it would be really good if you pull through . if you have to go , you can go , but it would be really great if you stay . and I be really sorry about what I do - kumail continue to quietly talk to she . int . kumail be car - morning kumail wake up in he filthy car the next morning to a text from Terry : " please come right away " . int . hospital waiting room - day kumail walk through the hallway . 94 int . hallway outside emily's room - same he look inside the room . Emily be awake , surround by she parent and some doctor . kumail watch through the window . Emily be groggy . the respirator be go . Beth and Terry talk to she . she seem upset , can not talk . kumail want to go in but do not . int . emily's icu room - day Beth sit on Emily 's bed . Terry , Dr. cunningham , and nurse Judy stand to the side . emily Mom . you be get you tear all over I . when be I gonna be able to feel my face ? terry you give we quite a scare there , scout . emily scout ? terry come on . I call you that all the time . emily no . not since I be a grow up . terry I have call you that you whole life ! nurse Judy hold up a cup for Emily to sip from . Emily spit out the liquid . nurse judy sorry hon . emily what be that crap ? nurse judy we have to thicken you liquid for a bit . you esophagus be not strong enough to swallow yet . emily that shit taste like semen . terry that 's nice for a father to hear . 95 dr . cunningham she will not have any social inhibition until the anesthetic wear off . nurse Judy hold the cup for Emily again , and she sip . emily it do ! seriously , Mom . you should try this . Emily try to grab the cup herself . beth oh wait a minute , honey ! Emily drop the cup . she 's very upset . Beth comfort she . terry oh , come on , come on . they will charge we forty eight dollar for it , do not worry about it . kumail walk in . emily why be you here ? kumail ( to Beth and Terry ) I have not hear she voice in a while . beth he 's be here the whole time . dr . cunningham ( to Beth and Terry ) could I speak with you both outside ? Dr cunningham motion for they to join she in the hall . beth ( to Emily ) honey , we will be right outside . Terry and Beth and leave with Dr. cunningham . kumail approach Emily . kumail hey . 96 ext . hallway - same cunningham speak with Terry and Beth . dr . cunningham Emily have a rare condition call adult onset still 's disease . kumail mention Emily 's hurt ankle and the swell still have not go down even after several day in bed , which be strange . still 's disease be when the body think healthy tissue be a infection so it try to fight it . it 's like a big biological misunderstanding . terry yeah , yeah . dr cunningham we give she anti-inflammatory and she stabilize within hour . she 's gonna take time to recover but she will be fine . terry wow . int . emily's icu room - same kumail speak with Emily . emily what be you do here ? kumail I be visit someone down the hall and I be like , I will just pop in and say hi to Emily . emily oh. kumail no , I be joke , I be here for you . emily you be a asshole and I do not like you . kumail I be not a asshole . I be really not . 97 emily no , you be a asshole . kumail you have a lot of drug in you so you be not think as clearly . emily naw dog . I be not joke . you be not funny to I . you just make I sad . you make I sad inside of my heart , and it make I sad to look at you . so I think you should probably go . just go and tell my mom I want she . kumail do not know what to say . emily ( cont 'd ) will you please get my mom ? kumail nod and head out to the hallway . int . hospital hallway - continuous kumail go up to Beth and Terry . kumail Emily want to see you . Beth go back inside Emily 's room . kumail ( cont 'd ) I be gonna head out . I do not think I should be here . terry alright , kumail . here 's the thing . you live condition be a potential health risk and you be not that funny . but .... you be probably not suite to do anything else either so that 's troublesome -- kumail you really make it sound like you be go to say something positive there . terry I guess I do , do not I ? you know I know the good stuff . you know how I feel . I gotta get in there . 98 Terry head back inside . int . emily's room - continuous Terry walk in . Beth sit on Emily 's bed as kumail watch through the window . Beth notice kumail . ext . emily's hallway - continuous Beth come outside into the hallway . kumail so you gonna hang around Chicago for a while ? beth yeah . she 's get physical therapy . kumail do you ever think you would be excited to have you daughter go through physical therapy ? ( beat ) it 's so strange that we could go through one of the most intense experience of we life together and just never see each other again . Beth put she hand on kumail 's face . she look at he . beth maybe . but I hope not . they smile . kumail walk out of the hospital . int . comedy club - a different night kumail backstage with other comic . Chris be on-stage . kumail sit on a chair go over he note . cj and Mary walk up to he . mary hi little sad man . mopey boy . we have something to tell you . we be move to New York . and we want you to come with we . 99 kumail be you serious ? cj you gotta do it . it 's go to suck at first but we will have each other and maybe eventually get pay to write joke . it 's gonna be the best . come on dude . mary you have to come . I know you do not get montreal and that be only because you do one of the worst set I have ever see in my goddamn life . cj it be nonsense . mary a live disgrace . cj I would call it shit , but I would be worried that I would be insulting actual shit . mary yeah , it be so bone - chill to I , I think a ghost have pass right through I . kumail we do not have to keep go over how bad the set be . I see they face and the noise they do not make . mary I feel one of my egg die . kumail do not that happen every month ? mary it happen every month , kumail , but I do not always feel it and go , ohhhhh . and that 's what you make I do . I be pack my thing up and I be move to New York , and guess what , baby ? you be come with I . kumail what about Chris ? 100 Chris perform on stage . mary he will be fine . cj there 's not enough room in the car , probably . we leave in a week , all right ? and I already call shotgun Chicago to Pittsburgh . do not fuck this up . mary you destiny await ! cj this will be the biggest move of you life . other than the one from Pakistan . int . emily's apartment - day a " welcome home " banner hang . balloon . Beth , Terry , and emily's friend be chat . Emily sit on the couch chat , a cane by she side . Terry tap on a cup . terry hey , clink clink ! thank you everybody for come . I just want to say a couple of word here . Emily clock kumail as he walk in hold a large bag . emily ( lean over to Beth ) why be kumail here ? beth Cause he be there the whole time . I invite the nurse , I invite he . terry Emily , come on up here . I wanna say something . Emily stand up and make she way to Terry . terry ( cont 'd ) Emily successfully peel a orange this morning . ( more ) 101 terry ( cont 'd ) it be a clementine , full disclosure , it 's that little one that a baby monkey could peel , but she do it . and that 's all , thank you everybody . kumail finally approach Emily . kumail hey . I like you cane . I have hear pimpin ' be not easy . emily right . kumail hey , can we talk for a second ? emily sure . int . emily's bedroom - continuous they walk in . lot of jacket on the bed . kumail so , I have be collect some thing that be important to I and I want to show they to you . I call this my bag of devotion . kumail present the big bag and start to take item out . he hold up a bunch of hospital pass . kumail ( cont 'd ) this be all the visitor pass from when I visit you when you be in the - he hold up some ticket stub . kumail ( cont 'd ) this be the ticket stub from when you parent come to see I perform and I realize how great they be , and how great you be , and how great honesty be . he hold up a jar full of ash . emily what do you do ? do you cremate someone ? 102 kumail this be the ash of all the pakistani woman - not the woman - the picture of the pakistani woman . I think this be a good idea , but it feel a little stupid . kumail put the item down and kneel before Emily . kumail ( cont 'd ) I know I be a terrible boyfriend . but I have change . and I be the person you need I to be . I really be . so , will you take I back ? emily kumail , I be really glad that you go through this experience , but you have to understand that all that happen while I be asleep . like you feel one way a few week ago and now you be say you feel the total opposite way and the only thing that 's change be that I be in a coma . honestly , I look at all of this , and I just think , I can not do it again . I can not be the reason that you do not have a family . it just feel totally different now . and I can not do that again . do you understand ? kumail okay . kumail pack up he bag of devotion . song plays ... " get shit together " montage -- kumail drive a passenger around . -- kumail clean he room . -- sharmeen , azmat , naveed , and fatima have a family dinner . kumail 's not there . -- Emily do physical therapy with Beth and Terry . -- kumail drive passenger around . -- Emily , Beth , and Terry eat take out together . -- kumail at the theater work on he one - man show . 103 -- Emily in bed with Beth sleep next to she . Terry by himself on the sofa . -- kumail and cj put up flier for kumail 's one man show . -- kumail make a Facebook page for he one man show . int . kumail parent house - night kumail enter the dining room without knock on the door . azmat , sharmeen , naveed , and fatima be eat dinner . kumail join they . we see he have another large bag . kumail ma. dad. fatima . bhai . there 's no plate . oh I forget . I have decide I will not let you kick I out of the family . since I be a member of the family , it would stand to reason that I would get a vote in whether or not I get kick out , and that vote would have to be unanimous . Standard parliamentary procedure . so all that in favor of not kick kumail out of the family , raise you hand . kumail raise he hand . everyone else stare silently . kumail ( cont 'd ) great . motion to kick kumail out of the family , deny . so you guy can just talk to I . everyone be silent . kumail ( cont 'd ) okay , you be give I the silent treatment . I figure that be what be go to happen . I have a solution . kumail pull out cue card from he bag and show they . kumail ( cont 'd ) " hi . how be you ? " it 's just a real basic one . " pass the salt . " practical . " always with the comedy . " Mom , make that one specially for you . " kumail , how do you become so much more handsome than you brother naveed ? " 104 naveed bullshit . naveed and azmat exchange a look . kumail I admit this one be design to stir up some controversy . " it 's interesting how you can not really kick someone out of you family because they will always be you family . " I agree with that one . it 's a good one . so , I be gonna leave this here for you . kumail leave the card on the dining table . kumail ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I lie about the girl and the lsat and all of that . that be wrong . and one more thing : I be move to New York to pursue stand - up , but I be not leave this family . kumail leave . Eye contact around the table . int . emily's apartment - night Emily on she bed . she impulsively google kumail and find he montreal audition , which be describe as " worst bomb in history !!! " she plug she headphone in and watch a beat . kumail ( v.o. ) my parent want I to get arrange marry . or as it 's call in Pakistan , romance ! earlier today , I tell they everything . I tell they about my life . I tell they about Emily . they kick I out of the family . I may never talk to they again . so that happen - knock on the door . emily what be it ? beth ( o.s. ) can I come in ? emily okay . 105 Beth enter . Emily close she laptop . emily ( cont 'd ) I swear you and dad be just like my freshman year roommate , but instead of bone random dude , you be just parent all the time . all over the place . in every room of the house . include right next to I . beth we gotta go . emily Home ? Beth nod . emily ( cont 'd ) no . beth yeah , it 's time . emily I be not ready . beth yeah , you know what ? you be strong and you be . ext . playground theater - night the marquee say " kumail nanjiani : citizen " . people filing into the theater . int . playground stage - night mid-show . kumail and we would go to the mosque and hear graphic detail of religious people be kill 1400 year ago . I mean like tarantino - esque detail . and everyone would be cry , like compete to see who could cry the hardest . and I could never cry . and I be like , what be wrong with I ? be I break ? ( more ) 106 kumail ( cont 'd ) the only time I have cry that much be when I watch the first 15 minute of up. this be a picture of I and my mother . I be seven year old . int . emily's apartment - later Beth be in the bathroom while Terry stand in the kitchen drink a glass of water . terry you know people talk about New York water but Chicago water be very underrate , I think . it 's good . Emily come into the live room . emily hey guy , I think I might just pop out for a bit . terry by yourself ? emily yeah , just hop around the block , maybe get some freeze yogurt . terry be you okay ? can you do it , can you walk by yourself ? emily yeah , dad . beth have fun . terry if you feel a coma come on , call we . emily dad , it 's too soon . I love you , I will see you in the morning . terry Love you , bye . beth have fun . 107 emily I will . terry get you phone ? emily yeah . int . playground theatre - later kumail be with naveed in the empty theatre . naveed wear sunglass . kumail but you like it , huh ? naveed yeah . I mean , yeah . Emily enter hesitantly . kumail hey ! emily hi ... kumail what be you do here ? emily I be in the neighborhood and I see that you be gonna be here so I think I would come say hi . kumail you look great . how 's you blood oxygen level ? emily oh , well within range . kumail Nice . they stand there . it 's tense . kumail ( cont 'd ) uh , this be my brother , naveed . 108 emily hi , I be Emily . naveed I have hear lot about you . emily it 's so good to finally meet you . ( to kumail ) there 's actually something I want to tell you . naveed clock the tension between they . naveed okay , well I be go to just ... goodbye . naveed slip out as Emily and kumail stare at each other . int . emily's apartment - same Terry lie on the pull out sofa . just before Beth get to Emily 's room she stop . beth be you warm enough ? terry yeah , yeah . I have get my two pair of sock on . she smile , walk into Emily 's bedroom . Terry get under the cover . Beth reemerges and approach he couch - bed . beth do you mind ? terry no ... no ... Beth get under the cover with he . they snuggle . beth I be glad we be go home tomorrow . terry I too . see ? I should have brush my tooth . beth I like it . 109 int . playground theatre - later kumail and Emily sit on the bed from he show together . emily when something like this happen , there 's this sort of expectation that you be go to have this completely new lease on life and feel totally different about everything . like cherish every sunrise . and for the most part I just feel like , ugh I can not get up that early . I be sorry , I feel like I have be talk about myself so much . be you do a lot of stand - up ? kumail yeah , I bomb my montreal Comedy Festival audition , like horrifically . emily I see the video . it be not great . I will be honest with you , it be not great . kumail I know . emily but there be a lot I like . like a lot I like . kumail I be move to New York . emily really ? kumail yeah . Mary and cj and I be just gonna drive out . we have a place already . emily when do you leave ? kumail next weekend . this kinda hit they both like a ton of brick . emily I be so excited for you . that be great . I think you be go to do so great in New York . 110 kumail what be you go to say ? emily what ? kumail you say you be go to say something to I . what be it ? emily oh , just that I want to thank you . my parent tell I everything you do for I and I feel like the last time we speak I do not properly thank you so - kumail oh yeah . totally fine . emily I should probably go . kumail do you wanna call a uber ? emily no , I be gonna walk actually . this have be really great . okay , bye . they smile at each other . ext . STREET - day cj , Mary , kumail , and Chris be pack box into a car . CHRIS the scene be gonna be so different with you guy go . kumail you should ... come out ... CHRIS Nah . I be good here . I be gonna miss you . kumail I be gonna miss you . kumail and Chris hug . 111 CHRIS get out of here , you asshole . mary come here , you big dummy . Chris hug Mary . kumail be distract as a car pull up nearby . kumail stare at it . after a beat , kumail 's dad azmat pop out and walk up to kumail . azmat you be still kick out of the family , but because we do not get a proper chance to say bye to you ... you mother be so angry with you . she be not go to get out of the car . she 's not even go to look at you . and I do not believe you keep so much secret from I , you father . kumail I be sorry . azmat here . she ask I to give this to you . azmat hand kumail a tupperware container . azmat ( cont 'd ) biryani . for you trip . you favorite . she make it herself specially for you with extra potato . kumail thank you ma. kumail look to the car . sharmeen be in the backseat . she avert she gaze when she see he look at she . kumail ( cont 'd ) be she okay ? azmat right now ? no. kumail I will miss you . azmat I be forbidden from hugging you . so. it be nice to have you as my son . Goodbye forever . and do I a favor , when you reach New York , just text we and tell we that you have reach safely , okay ? 112 kumail nod . kumail dad , can I ask you something ? when you and Mom go on you first date , what movie do you see ? azmat ( think , then ) satte pe satta . azmat hum a snippet of a song from the movie . azmat ( cont 'd ) her favorite song . why be you ask ? kumail just curious . azmat nod and head back to the car . he get in and drive off . kumail get in the car with cj and Mary and they drive off . ext . new york CITY - night - week later Shots of NYC . int . union hall - brooklyn - night kumail perform comedy in front of a room full of new york hipster . he 's kill . cj and Mary be there too . kumail take a sip of water . kumail so the first time I come to America , I be fourteen and I be just visit my uncle in New York and it just happen to be Thanksgiving . on my first day in America , my uncle take I to the macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade and I be like , this be every day in America ! as advertise . every day they have a party celebrate garfield . no day have live up to that day . so I be lie to my parent , I be tell they I be gonna be a lawyer . and they be very disappointed cause they want I to be a doctor . and you guy be like , why do not you just tell they that you want to be a doctor ? ( more ) 113 kumail ( cont 'd ) it 's a lie anyway . and I be like , well it have to be believable . if I tell they I want to be a doctor , they would be like , " bullshit . " if I say lawyer , they be like , " oh , ok , that 's something . " Cause there 's a strict hierarchy : doctor , engineer , lawyer , hundred of job , isis , then comedian . a very loud whooooo emanate from the crowd . kumail look out to the crowd to see Emily , beam at he . he be take aback . kumail ( cont 'd ) ( stumbling ) uhh. I be sorry . it 's very rude to heckle comedian . emily oh that be not a heckle . I just kind of woo-hoo you . kumail well see that 's a common misconception . heckle do not have to be negative . emily so if I be like , oh my god , you be amazing in bed ! that would be a heckle ? kumail yeah , and now you be get more laugh than I , and I do not like that . do you want to come up , do my job ? be you from out of town , m'am ? emily Chicago . kumail ooh windy City . and what bring you to New York ? emily I be here to see someone . kumail and have you see he ? or she , I mean I do not know what you deal be . emily yeah , I have see he . they smile at each other . 114 the end