white angel 1 title - the sound of a woman walk on a desert street 2 ext night STREET - fade up - we see a woman 's foot wear red stiletto shoe . it be late at night and she be very alone . she turn a bend and enter a darken street , she heel make a distinctive click on the path . suddenly we see a figure in the darkness - the woman pause for a beat before continue . she approach the figure who be dress in a heavy motorbike jacket ... the figure turn round - it be a girl with bleach blonde hair , wear a low cut , tight white T shirt . the white seem to glow a little . without warning , the woman produce a hammer from she bag and raise it above blonde ... scream .... fade to black - title 3 ext night park - the young blonde lie motionless on the floor , most of she clothes rip from she still body . the sound of digging can be hear , then of a knife be unsheathed . her body be drag out of shot ... fade to black - title 4 ext day park - a dog be digging at the ground . it 's mistress call out for the dog . suddenly , the dog bound over a ridge , he tail wag furiously , doggy have fetch the bone - a human foot and half a calf be wedge firmly in it 's jaw . it run to it 's mistress ... fade to black - title 5 ext day park - a area have be section off with red tape . several man in dark clothing be digging carefully at the ground . already several small flag indicate find , small body bag can be see to contain various appendage . a man step into shot , wrinkle brow and pierce eye . he light a cigarette as he look over to he man digging - this be inspector taylor . ( continued ) 5 continued : the image freeze and spin off into the corner of the screen ... 6 int day news room - the news be be read ... newsreader as yet police have not rule out the possibility that this mutilate body could be connect with the murder of nicki lowe , whose body be find on hapthron common last month . ( -) last night , novelist ellen carter be award the International writer Guild Award for she Book , ' the colour of fear ' ... we see shot from the ceremony , and ellen carter hold she book and trophy up for photographer - she smile radiantly ... newsreader she be say to be ecstatic about the award ... 7 int night car - we be in a car with ellen carter . she be return from the award ceremony and she be anything but ecstatic . she be bubbling with anger . slouch in the seat next to she be she husband , drunken and very smug . 8 ext night 66 acacia avenue - the car pull up behind the house and toward the garage . the husband stagger out of the car to the garage door ... the door slowly open . carter watch he as he be pick out in the headlight - directly in front of she - she no longer have fear - just hatred ... her foot slowly depress the accelerator , she hand grip the wheel - the exhaust scream out .... the husband look up at the car - the light get brighter ... dissolve to white - title " white angel " 9 int day live room - a white paint roller roll up the screen - we move wider to see carter painting a wall - she look rough . she step back to look at the wall she have paint . 9 continued : suddenly she hear a noise - a whisper ? she move closer to the wall - listen intently - there it be again - a distant whisper call she name ... suddenly two arm explode from the wall grab she ... 10 int day live room ( 4 year later ) - ellen carter wake with a start as a jet fly overhead - she be dress in a business suit and look like she have be to war for the last few year ... she look directly at the wall in front of she . she draw hard on she cigarette as she stand and move over to the window look out over the street . the billboard now read - white angel take thirteenth victim - police at a loss ... 11 ext day car park outside superstore - we be in a car look out . a young woman ( mandy ) exit the shop - she be pretty with long blonde hair - she be dress almost predominantly in white . she go to she car which be park in a secluded corner of the car park . she start to put she grocery in the boot . a hand reach into the glove compartment of the car we be in and a woman with long red fingernails take out a pair of scissors . a book sit in the compartment - well thumbed - it be the color of fear by ellen carter . 12 ext day car - the woman step from she car - slowly she walk over to the other woman . mandy have finish pack she grocery and get in she car . she start she ignition - but the car splutter . the woman be get closer ... mandy attempt again - but the car splutter reluctantly . she hit the steering wheel in frustration . the woman walk around the side of the car - she finger caress the cold steel of it 's body . ( continued ) 12 continued : mandy try a last time ... the woman open the door and sit in . mandy look round , shocked and surprised - she be about to object when the woman raise she hand with the scissors ready for action ... 13 int day warehouse - a woman 's scream face fill the screen ... she be wear very provocative clothes and red lipstick . she scream again as she see the dark figure of a man wear a hockey mask and hold the biggest gleam knife in hand , approach she . there be a sudden flash of white light as we see the nearby photographer ( lance ) 14 int day carter office ( crime scene ) - the photo of the scream woman be on the desk , the logo crime scene emblazon across it ... ellen carter look at it as she pick up the ringing phone ... carter hello crime scene - yes , that 's I ... lance the camera man brushes past , rub intimately with carter - she shrug he off angrily , she be not go to take any shit from he ! lance laugh to himself before move over to sally 's desk , a young secretary . he sit on it before give carter a know look and turn he attention to sally - carter 's eye roll back in she head . carter no - I be sorry I have not make my payment - Friday - Fine - ok ? carter watch lance as he pester sally - she have a think . she pick up she Polaroid camera and focus on the two - she press the button and the photo come out . she look at it smile as it develop . carter no - I wont use the card ... Fine ... thank you - goodbye ... she replace the phone and stand - she walk over to andy be desk , a young office worker . she pass he the photo ... carter could you do I a colour photocopy of this now ? ( continued ) 14 continued : andy look at it and smile ... carter head for dezerea 's office , editor of crime scene and owner of fantasy publication . 15 int day dezerae's office - there be a tap on the door and carter enter . dezerae be office be in stark contrast with the explosion of paperwork outside . it 's posh , clean and very organised . the wall have frame cover from the the magazine she own , crime scene , true murder , adult movie monthly and bluebird - the office be a odd mixture of exclusive designerism and seedy exploitation . dezerae sit behind she desk . she be a woman in she fifty , but she look like she have spend most of that fifty year in a sand storm ! she have jet black hair , nicotine finger and lashing of christian dior make -up . she 's wear jewellery and clothes more befit a indian princess ... she look up from she photo at carter , she bifocal glass perch on she nose - she may be a relic , but she 's as sharp as razor and hard as nail . she hold up two photo of a semi nude girl - dezerae which do you think be she best shot ... carter the one on the leave - definitely ... dezerae do not give I shit - what do you want ? carter walk further into the room . carter I have get a tenant come over later - can I take the afternoon off ? dezerae as long as you get the hacksaw piece do by friday ... ( press ) friday ? carter nod . dezerae point at the paper in carter hand . carter pass it over and dezerae study it ... ( continued ) 15 continued : dezerae good - but change ' I kill for love ' to ' I kill for sex ' carter begin to object , carter that 's not technically accurate - simpson murder be not sexually motivate . dezerae you know that circulation be down for three month in a row . carter I hear something like that dezerae then it 's go to be ' I kill for sex ' ... listen darling , why will not you let we use you real name for the feature - if people know that it be the ellen carter write the feature and not just some pseudonym - then we might shift more unit . you have not write anything in four year darling - I know you need this job - and if circulation keep drop , there 's not go to be a magazine for you to write for ... carter be about to object when dezerae cut in again - this woman really know how to run she ship . dezerae I do not want to hear it ... now get out - I have get deadline carter smile at dezerae 's abrupt manner - stand and prepare to leave ... dezerae be back at work - choose between the two photo . carter ( smiling ) I would not choose either ... carter leave . 16 int day office - carter walk from dezerae 's office - and over to sally be desk . lance be still try . andy the office worker appear and pass she the photocopy and photograph ... andy I think it might look better enlarge ! carter take it and smile - it sure do . we see the bright picture of lance ogling over sally , he hand firmly lodge on she inner thigh - and from sally expression , she do not like it . carter pass the sheet to sally with she filofax . carter could you fax this to this number as quickly as possible . sally take the sheet , and smile when she look at it . she turn round and insert it into the fax machine , dialling a number from carter filofax . sally turn round confidently look at lance . carter hold out the polaroid photo ... carter it 's the photo I have just fax to you wife ... lance snatch it ... lance what !? he look round , the photo clearly come out of the fax machine . there be a call from the other side of the office as another worker shout out ... worker lance - you wife be on line 3 ! carter drop she cigarette in lance mug - carter send she my love ... 17 ext day 66 acacia avenue - carter screech into she drive in she car , glance at she watch and jump out . she hurriedly run to the door - carter ( under breath ) please be in and have tidy the house ... ( continued ) 17 continued : she ring the doorbell but no - one answer . she begin rummage in she handbag and retrieve she key . she open the door as a girl on a bike come tear round the corner and into the drive . it be mik - young and athletic with long flow red hair - she work as a despatch rider . she screaches to a halt and leap from she mountain bike . carter I think you say you could get the afternoon off to tidy the house ! hurriedly they enter - carter shutting the door behind ... mik walk into the kitchen call out ... mik I be sorry , I could not - when be she due ? carter ( tidy hallway ) at 2.00 ... mik look at she watch and grimace - suddenly the doorbell ring and both girl look round ... mik ( whisper ) you do not tell I she name . they walk to then door ... carter leslie ... the door swing open to reveal a small , business like man , average and well dress with pierce eye . he turn and extend he arm ... steckler steckler ... leslie steckler . 18 int day bedroom - steckler be look round at a empty room . it seem good for he . mik and carter stand in the background . carter be obviously uneasy about something . steckler turn round , smile ... steckler I like it ... carter step forward , ( continued ) 18 continued : carter you see mr steckler , er , I think that we may have waste you time . ( laugh awkwardly ) I do not know why I do not say something earlier - it 's just that we be look for a girl ... the advert be for a girl . steckler seem shocked - he pull a paper from under he arm and open it ... a large red circle ring a small ad steckler well - the ad just say third person ... ( awkwardly ) it must have be a printing error . he show carter the ad , which do indeed say ' third person ... ' carter look at mik who return a do not look at my face . steckler it do not mention ' female only ' carter I really do not know what to say steckler seem depressed , but still maintain a polite attitude . steckler I be really very sorry - I be banking on this come through , because it 's only five minute from my surgery ... mik surgery ? be you a doctor ? steckler no - a dentist a professional , carter smile - she be beginning to warm to this man . steckler root in he pocket pull out some letter and he wallet ... a fly whizze around he head , annoying he . he look a little nervous . steckler I have all my reference ready - and I can pay the first month and deposit now . it really be a glow reference ! ( continued ) 18 continued ( 2 ) : steckler extend he arm with the letter of reference . carter take they and look at the first as steckler open he wallet and remove some note . a huge wad remain - this guy be load . carter nod approvingly at the reference as steckler hold out the money . carter look round to mik - carter mr steckler - would you excuse we for one moment ? steckler nod he head to oblige 19 int day kitchen - carter and mik stand in the kitchen , quietly discuss . carter can see steckler in the live room through a crack in the door . he be innocently look out of the back garden window , smile approvingly . carter well , what do you think ? mik I do not know - it 's you house ellen carter yes - but you live here too - if it be you house ? mik I think he 's fine - I do not know why you have this thing about man - it would be nice to have a guy in the house for a change - I do not think he would hurt a fly . 20 int day live room - steckler slam a roll up newspaper on the window . he remove it to reveal a squash fly . 21 int day kitchen - carter be deliberate . mik it 's you pad - it 's up to you ( continued ) 21 continued : carter be look through the door again - at the fat wad of money sit on the window sill . CUT to - 22 int day live room - carter take the wad of note . carter when do you want to move in ? steckler smile in gratitude as carter shake he hand . everyone smile as the ice be break and everyone finally know where they stand . steckler oh as soon as possible - tomorrow ? carter and mik look at each other , surprised . 23 ext day 66 acacia avenue - the boot to steckler be car open up to reveal box , case and clothes ... mik be already clamber out of the backseat with a box and she take it to the house ... steckler just put it in my room mik ( smiling ) no worry mik turn and carry the load in . carter oh , before I forget , here be key and the tenancy agreement ... steckler take the paper and the key - he look at the key for a moment before pockete it . steckler pass she a small case steckler I will finish off here ... carter disappear into the house . steckler heave a unnaturally heavy case from the boot of he car . it be small and crumpled , split at the seam as if it be too fill . a belt clasp it shut . 24 int day stair - steckler struggle up the stair - mik appear and move to help he ... ( continued ) 24 continued : steckler I can manage - mik smile and continue to help , steckler brushes she off curtly , steckler I say I can manage ... I be not weak you know ... he pass she and continue up . he stop at the top and turn round , steckler I be sorry , I do not mean to shout ... mik do not worry about it - she bound into the kitchen ... 25 int day kitchen - carter fill the kettle with water - a old bashed affair , the kind you put on the stove to heat . steckler oh - tell I ellen , I can call you ellen ? carter sure ... steckler tell I - ellen carter ( think ) forgive I for be so pushy , but be not you a novelist ? do not you write that terrific book - ' the Color of fear ' ? carter be obviously a little embarrassed , and do not want to talk about it . mik be completely dumbfounded - the kettle begin to boil ... mik you be a novelist - why do not you tell I ? steckler and not just any novelist - a great novelist - it be a impressive piece of work ellen ... ( continued ) 25 continued : carter be get increasingly uncomfortable ... the kettle be beginning to bubble and steam ... steckler why do not you write any more ? the kettle be get hotter - carter more uncomfortable ... carter I lose the touch steckler the touch ? the kettle scream out that it 's ready ... carter look at steckler for a moment - steckler wait for a response . carter turn and take the kettle from the stove grumpily - she obviously do not want to answer . mik ( mouthing ) her husband leave she steckler ( mouthing ) oh ... carter do you take sugar ? steckler ( pause ) yes , two please . I be sorry , I do not mean to pry , it 's just that I really love you book mik you keep that one quiet ... what other skeleton have you get in the cupboard ? carter give mik a glance ... 26 int night carter room - carter sit in she room - motionless . a small roll up cigarette burn between she finger and she foot be propped up on the table in front of she . on the table sit a small laptop computer - she word processor . she have a spark of a idea , jam the cigarette into she mouth and attack the keyboard without warning or mercy . she pause for a second - another idea . ( continued ) 26 continued : suddenly there be a loud bang - it sound like a hammer . carter jump , then look round , frown . 27 int night mik' room - carter tap on the door and open mik be room . mik be wear a bathrobe and drying off she hair . there be another loud bang ... carter look surprised ... carter sorry , I think it be you ( look round ) what the hell be he do ? carter leave mik be room . 28 int night hallway - there be another series of loud bang as carter tap on steckler be door . there be a pause - a long pause before the sound of a latch can be hear . the door click open and steckler stand there - block any entry into the room - a hammer grip firmly in he hand . for a very brief moment , carter think steckler might hit she with the hammer carter ( demand ) what be you do ? steckler I be sorry ? carter what 's with all the lock - and hammer steckler it say in the contract I can have a lock fitte - be there a problem angela ? there be a pause carter ( surprise ) my name be not angela ... steckler yes - I be sorry ellen ... carter ( slight concern ) do not worry - be that my hammer ( steckler nod ) well just make sure that it 's put back in the garage ... ( continued ) 28 continued : steckler I will ... 29 int night carter room - carter sit in a pool of light examine she contract with steckler carter ( resignedly ) lock huh ! she wipe she brow in frustration - it sure be hot 30 int night live room - steckler sit in front of the tv set laugh out loud . he be watch a crass gameshow , and wear headphone . the door swing open and mik enter wear a light cocktail dress - she look stun . steckler do not see she as she walk behind he to retrieve she earing from a shelf . she put the first in , mik be it any good ? steckler do not answer - he 's oblivious to she . mik frown to herself and put the other earing in - but she drop it to the floor . slowly she bend down to pick it up - steckler be eye shift to observe she ... as she bend down she turn on the spot , she body be captivate . as she pick up she earing , for the very briefest moment , steckler be show just a few square inch of pale flesh at the top of she white stocking ... she stand back and exit the room , steckler be eye shifting once more . 31 int night hallway - mik stand at the foot of the stair and call out mik ellen ! I be go now - I will stay at deklan be tonight , I will see you tomorrow carter call ok from upstairs mik turn and leave ... after a pause , carter walk down the stair and pause for a second - she be very sweaty . she move toward the live room ( continued ) 31 continued : carter leslie - be you hot ? 32 int night live room - she enter the live room to find steckler - but he be not there . the tv be still on , the headphone on the floor - but no steckler ... she pass it off and move over to the wall - she toy with the thermostat before touch the radiator ... there be a sizzling sound as she retract she hand ... 33 int night kitchen - carter grab a torch from a drawer and flick it on before exite the back door . 34 ext night boiler house - a small stone boiler house sit outside the door . carter look round , carter leslie - be you out here ? no - one answer and carter venture out into the rainy night . she hurry to the boiler house . she open the door and be hit by a wave of heat - the boiler roar away ... she step into the dark shed , illuminate it with the torch . she stand it on end point it up ... she take a hold of one of the lever , but it 's hot . she take of she jacket to reveal she vest . she warp the jacket around the handle and pull hard , but nothing happen . she pull again ... nothing there be a movement behind - someone in the shadow ... carter wrestle with the lever , but still no joy ... suddenly steckler appear by she side - reach out for the lever - a wrench in he hand ... carter be shocked to see he there - and even more so when he manage to release the lever ... steckler we would better get back inside ! the rain hurtle down as they scamper back to the house ... 35 int night kitchen - they enter - carter be drench , she vest cling to she body . as soon as steckler appear , she cover herself and wipe herself with a nearby towel carter thank you - I would better get change ... awkwardly carter exit and go upstairs . steckler stand in the kitchen door way - motionless . 36 int night garage - steckler walk int the garage - there be a large tool rack on the wall , with white symbol around each tool to show where they live . he replace the wrench in its home . he be about to leave when he notice something on the back wall . he kneel to examine it closer - a long , horizontal dent in the wall . he look round at the park car , it 's bumper correspond with the dent - he think then exit ... slowly the camera track forward to the rack - the hammer be still miss ... 37 ext day london STREET - slowly a hammer be slip into a hnadbag with a female hand . we be in a london street - Wild , mad and chaotic . the camera move along in a dream like state ( the Point of View of a person ) . we see newsagent with bar across the window , a shop fill with knife , blade and scissors , a asian couple argue madly outside a shop , a fat skinhead and he pitbull walk menacingly past as little child run along laugh . a butcher shop be fill with raw flesh ... a group of woman from some weird religious faction wear mask hurry past , a modern church - the seventh denomination of Martyrs - with bright sign offer salvation , a group of youth pass the camera - they eye never leave the lens , this be they turf . the person cross the road , taxi cab scream past - no - one care about anything . we see she foot , the same red stiletto . she go under a bridge into a back alley . she begin cruise - whore line the wall , tarte up for business . but she ignore most of they - except one toward the end , wear white and glow out with apparent innocence ... the camera move closer - the whore turn round , in she thirty , a seasoned professional with year of work etched into she face ... ( continued ) 37 continued : old whore oooh I say , I have not have the pleasure for a long time ! still , variety be the spice of life ... 38 ext day deserted build - the whore lead the woman into a deserted building - past a sign which read friar end ... 39 int day squat room - we be inside the rundown building , rubble and decay surround we , water drip distantly and a small street cat sit nearby , watch . the whore sit at the far end of the room on a table . she smile as she open she leg and open she blouse . her white bra and pants glow out brightly ... the woman step forward ... the cat watch patiently . suddenly there be a crash , a struggle , a gurgle and a strangle scream ... and a horrible loud crack ... the cat wash it paw , purring ... 40 int day squat room - the body of the woman lie on the floor , she face in a death grimace ... flash gun go off as we see she be not alone . a bunch of plain clothes officer busy themselves about the crime scene - and so do inspector taylor ... he be talk to a local ... local well , I just see this two woman go in - I think I would , you know - and I find she like that ... a officer call out from across the room forrester we have find something ! taylor walk over to forrester who be crouch over a bloody hammer ... 41 int day forensic lab - there be a air of unprecedented hygiene about the lab - everything be white . taylor , forrester and a young female lab technician , foster be there . foster slide a tray with the hammer in it into the light . ( continued ) 41 continued : foster most of it be a mess of smear , but I get one clean print here ... the hammer be coat in a fine film of dust , the handle smear but one clear fingerprint on the head ... taylor how long before you can give I a idea ? they all move to a huge and complex computer with the finger print on the screen - it flash other print and photo up in quick succession - foster I start the check already , but without more specific physical id - I can not narrow the field down - could be a month - that 's if she be on record taylor or he ... the fingerprint freeze on screen and spin off to the top corner 42 int day news room - news reader once more , london have be plunge into terror as the white angel strike again . however , one fingerprint have be find , and Police have issue a statement that if the killer be on file , then they will have a positive identification within the month ... 43 int day shopping arcade - a huge close up of a tv screen - we pull focus to reveal carter sit in a cafe in the middle of a crowded shopping mall ( a tv shop be behind from where we see the report ) . on the table be two coffee , a notepad etc . in front of she sit a huge man , thick rimmed glass , gold ring and chain and a huge very expensive jacket keep he warm ... his eye be fix on the tv set to the side of carter . this be alan smith , successful businessman with the most dubious of method . ( continued ) 43 continued : smith ( Broad cockney accent ) it 's diabolical in 'it , I mean it 's not safe to walk the street no more be it ... casually carter glance over at the tv set , a reporter be report from outside the building where the murder take place . carter anyway , hacksaw joe ? smith sorry - yeah , well you see , joe use to single out people he want to get rid off - and he would weaken they over a few week by give they arsenic in small dose - on biscuit , in they tea and coffee - it have a kind of sweet taste carter listen intently as the miniature cassette recorder record all the gruesome detail . smith he never give they enough to kill they mind , just weaken they so that when he strike , they do not put up too much of a fight - you see , joe be only small - could not take anyone bigger or stronger on ... well that 's when he do he thing with the hacksaw ( grimace ) . it get pretty nasty - you know .... a bit here , a bit there - ( laugh ) we use to call he jigsaw joe - but the point be this , even joe have principle - not like this scum who be roam the street now . smith point to the tv screen , carter glance at she watch again ... smith it would not have happen twenty year ago ... carter I see , crime be decent then carter smile to herself , ( continued ) 43 continued ( 2 ) : smith you be damn right - I can not even let my daughter out at night now . life be different now - it 's a jungle out there - you have get to know who you friend be - protect yourself and you own - know what I mean ? the waitress drop a tray of spoon - smith spin round and carter jump - smith hand be lodge firmly inside he jacket - ready for anything . the waitress look up apologetically ... carter ( pause ) yes I know what you mean . 44 int evening dentist office - steckler be in he office , sit behind a desk . Light from a neon pour in through the window as he re-arranges the thing on he desk . he lean back in he chair , rub he lower aching back . he look up - there be a slight open in the doorway to the surgery reception . there be a little movement as janet the nurse finishes off she chore . he watch she until she sit down . she cross she leg , one of she foot fall into the light of the door open . steckler can see nothing but the lower quarter of she leg and she white tall heele shoe . it glow out to he . steckler watch the foot - want and need . but he 's not dumb . steckler janet - the woman enter , steckler try not to look at she white shoe . steckler er , you might as well knock off now - I will shut up shop janet be you sure ? steckler ( smiling ) yes , go home ... ( continued ) 44 continued : the nurse turn and leave ... steckler look out of he window at a clothes shop opposite 45 ext night shop front - across the road be a large chain store with dummy in the window . one of they house a set of three female figure , one in lingerie , another in a bath robe - and the third in a white cocktail dress . steckler be draw to the window ... he examine the figure of the woman , she curve , she face and smile , she leg , she foot ... to he , she be alive . he stand in awe . suddenly , there be a noise behind . he turn to see a STREET spiv hassling a blonde girl ( kate ) the girl be young , but fight back vigorously - it 's all get a bit nasty . steckler cross the road ... 46 ext alleyway night - the spiv be shouting about money and for she to shut up when steckler step into the light , he face shadow ... spiv get a problem !? he brandish a knife as the girl writhes . steckler do not flinch . the spiv sense that this could get nastier and let the girl go , concentrate on steckler ... spiv come on grandad ! without warning , steckler lunge and snatch the spiv be hand , force he to drop the knife . the spiv scream in pain as steckler bend he two finger back - there be a loud crack as steckler snap he finger ... the spiv howl and steckler release he - he run into the night , nursing he hand . steckler turn to the girl on the floor - she be young , afraid and dirt smear . her hair be bleach white and she wear a white dress ... steckler my name be leslie - I be a doctor and I have a surgery just around the corner - you could call a taxi ... ( continued ) 46 continued : the girl be help to she foot and they walk toward steckler be surgery . 47 int night hallway - the door swing open and steckler step inside . he call out ... steckler anyone home ? there be no answer . he step back out and return with a girl in he arm . he walk upstairs with she - it be the girl from the street . steckler be nearly there - just up the stair .... he carry she up the stair ... steckler its a nice room - spacious , you will like it sweetie ... he reach the top and open he door , enter . for a short time he be out of sight as the camera move down and into the room . 48 int night steckler' room - steckler be under he bed - the girl not in sight ... steckler just a few day - ellen would not understand yet - yes I be sure she will ... the door slam shut with the wind . fade to black 49 int day campbell' office - carter walk into dezerae 's office . dezerae be sit behind she desk ... she look up . carter ( to dezerae ) you want to see I a familiar voice call out from behind . ( continued ) 49 continued : taylor ellen carter - now how be you do this day ? carter turn round to see inspector taylor , a plain clothes police man stand look out over the panoramic view of london - he turn and smile at carter . taylor it 's be what , three year ? carter ( to dezerae ) what 's this all about ? taylor so have you see hubby recently ellen ? carter turn back to taylor - dezerae be not help any ... she do not answer . taylor walk round to the side of dezerae 's desk to extinguish he cigarette ... he turn to dezerae , taylor could I have a private moment with ellen ? dezerae no problem - I will be outside dezerae exit quickly - she do not like police man either . the door shut . taylor turn to carter . carter what bring the rat out of the sewer ? taylor I be here about the so call disappearance of you husband - it 's best if we let old bone lie . know what I mean ? ( grin ) I be work on the white angel case now - and I have get to check all know murderer or suspect murderer for the last five year ... and that mean you ... so where be you last thursday afternoon around five ... carter ( astounded ) you think I be the white angel ? ( continued ) 49 continued ( 2 ) : taylor ( smile ) it do give I a chance to meet you again ellen - it 's all routine you understand ... so where be you ? carter ( gritt tooth ) at home alone - where be you ? taylor as it happen , I be at home alone - maybe we could solve each other problem ? carter get out ... taylor take a step forward , very close to carter and talk quietly but firmly - taylor you know ellen , I believe you - I know that you be no serial killer - something else maybe , but no serial killer . I be assign surveillance for you own protection - we could not have the once world famous novelist find with she head miss could we ? taylor walk round the table , look at the poster for crime scene - sexual and provocative . taylor what happen to you - you use to have some class taylor turn and begin to walk out - he open the door and stop taylor someone will find you husband one day - and then I will have a body he turn to carter smile , taylor catch you later ... he exit ... 50 int day mik' room - we move along make - up and girl thing . they be all in use . classical music gently play in the background . we move up to the mirror as a pretty girl with dark long hair look up . slowly , we realise that it be steckler . we pull wide to see he hairy chest ... he smile at the illusion . steckler begin rummage through mik 's thing , she cupboard , she drawer - he spend a moment run he hand through she underwear drawer before become a little bored ... 51 int day hallway - steckler walk out of mik be room , wear nothing but he wig , make - up and a pair of jogger ... 52 int carter room day - steckler look round , like a child at the fair ground . he move to she cupboard and drawer - curiously ignore she make - up , clothes and underwear . he begin to search , under drawer , behind cupboard , behind book , above the curtain rail . eventually he give up and lie back on carter 's bed look at the ceiling . suddenly he flip over and look under she bed - still nothing . he pull himself back up when he notice a slight rip in the mattress . he push he finger in and the flap give way - it be a velcro hold open . steckler place he hand in and slowly remove the hide content - a small case . 53 int steckler' room day - steckler be sit at he table with the case . he be remove he make - up with a towel and be now wear a T shirt . he inspect it closely before open it . Inside be tightly pack . he smile as he remove the letter write from cut out newspaper - he delve deeper - a passport be there , stephen carter , ellen be husband . steckler move on , excited by he find . a small but sharp knife , a wedding ring , a newspaper cut from a small column which read ' famous novelist husband disappear ' . he find a small gold statuette - she prize from the award at the start of the movie . steckler feel honoure to hold it and inspect it closely before move on . curiously enough , he find the plan of the house . he inspect they closely - the kitchen , the hall , the bedroom ... the live room - something look odd , different , wrong ... 54 int day live room - steckler be stand in the live room get he bearing in relation to the plan . he look round , and then at the wall to he right . he go over to it , run he hand over the surface - there be a slight bump where extra work have be do . he thump hard on the wall , move along as he do so - suddenly , the echo change . he take a involuntary step backward . CUT to - the screen be black . there be a heavy thud , and another . suddenly a brick fall from it 's place , and another - steckler be knock the wall down ! excitedly , he make a hole big enough for he to fit he head and arm through . he turn on he torch and lean in . the recess be dark and he torch cut a beam in the dusty air . he look down - sure enough , there be the crumble and crusty remain of a corpse . steckler be almost jubilant at he discovery and begin to laugh ... we see the face of the dead man , he skin dry and old , stretch in a deathlike grin ... fade to black 55 ext day 66 acacia avenue - carter 's car pull into the driveway and she park up . the sky be heavy and there be a distant rumble of thunder . as she step out of she car - she sense something - a still - a quiet ... 56 int day hallway - carter enter the house , hang up she coat and pick up she mail . she walk past the live room and into the kitchen . she stop dead in the kitchen and backtrack . she drop she letter to the floor as she look into the room - a huge gape and black hole be all that be leave of she husband tomb ... a great pile of brick lie to the side . she move forward - desperate but not want to inspect the content of the hole . she step forward , take another step , and another - all the time get closer to the shadowy hole ... ( continued ) 56 continued : and then she be there . slowly she lean in ... and it be empty . she lean back out and jump as she realise steckler be stand right behind she . for a long time she do not know what to say - everything be move too fast and she have to be careful . carter ( with difficulty ) what have you do ? steckler smile and walk behind the sofa - enjoy the moment - savore the atmosphere ... steckler I know you do it - I just could not figure out what you have do with the body ... carter be really not sure what be happen anymore , why have not he tell the police ? what do he want ? she can not speak - just listen steckler I know you have kill he - I just feel it - I be surprised that the police do not suspect ' foul play ' - everything point that way ... carter look at the gape hole in the wall steckler ( smiling ) oh , I admit it 's a rather vulgar method - but I need to fire you ( search ) imagination ... carter be still a little blank steckler the reason I know you kill you husband - apart from the fact that he disappear - be that you stop write - he must have be a bastard to you - anyway , ( smiling ) I be go to give you a second chance to start anew . steckler look down , search for a way to tell carter something . steckler you have better sit down ( continued ) 56 continued ( 2 ) : dutifully , carter sit - she 's too confuse to do anything else . steckler stand opposite , the sofa form a barrier between they . steckler look deep into the empty tomb - into the blackness ... steckler you see ellen , there be part of I you have not encounter - part that be more important - that most people do not or will not understand . steckler turn to face carter , fire in he eye steckler I want you and you word to make people understand - I be commission a book carter be start to get afraid for she safety ... steckler I want people to understand the power any man can use - to take what he need , to take what he want - I want people to know why I do what I do - so that when I be finish , they will understand the truth of my action . I want the ellen carter to write the life story of leslie raymond steckler steckler stop for a moment - carter be look out of depth ... steckler I do not have much time ellen - they have my finger print - they will catch I ... carter be beginning to shake ... steckler I be not go to hurt you ( smile ) - you 'e not my type - I need you skill - ( enthuse ) do not you see the divine perfection - you and I be both carve from the same stone - it will be the perfect partnership - you word - my story ... steckler calm down , look back into the darkness of the tomb - ( continued ) 56 continued ( 3 ) : steckler and do not think of call the police - steckler show carter a photo of a weird look tree with a spade stick in the ground steckler that 's where you husband be - it 's not too far from here , but far enough . I have mark the map reference near the tree and lodge it in my family safety deposit box steckler put he arm down he shirt and dangle a key in front of carter ... steckler should anything ever happen to I - should I die , get hit by a truck - or disappear , then I have instruct the manager to turn the content - along with a explanatory letter , over to Scotland yard - so let just hope nothing happen to I . steckler move to the other side of the room , steckler otherwise , you be free to do as you will ... he look at she - she eye be red rimmed and she be shaking steckler as long as you write my book ... ( thinks ) he turn and make for the door , open it - he stop , but do not turn ... steckler you have no choice ellen , you will write this book ... steckler exit . carter sit absolutely still , like a rabbit after a truck have pass - she hear the front door click shut and see steckler walk down the garden path ... carter suddenly leap to she foot and run into the kitchen 57 int day kitchen - carter tear in and grab the biggest knife she can find in the knife rack . she whip round , point it out - she back to the wall ... carter ( quietly ) fuck ... oh fuck ... oh fuck 58 ext night crime scene office - a heavy sky loom overhead - police siren wail . 59 int night true crime office - the office be dark , only the occasional light illuminate the night . a street lamp cast weird and ugly shadow across the wall . carter sit in a pool of light cast from a nearby desk lamp . her eye be blood shot , she face blank . a cigarette burn in she finger . her finger dart through a rolidex ... suddenly there be a slight noise behind she , a click , a creak . slowly , she wrap she hand around the knife she have in the kitchen . without warning she spin round , brandish the blade - only to confront dezerae campbell - she boss ! dezerae nearly die of a heart attack - only narrowly avoid a spillage of she coffee which she clasp in she hand dezerae oh my gawd ! carter I be sorry - I do not think dezerae a person could get kill round here just for work late carter smile at dezerae curt response carter I think you be someone else dezerae well I be glad I be not they - what be you do here so late ? come to that , what the hell have you get that for ? she point to the knife ( continued ) 59 continued : carter I think someone be follow I - I - er - ( change subject ) I just need my computer and some thing ... listen , I would like to work from home for a few week - be that ok ? dezerae ( pause ) why do not you take a few week off - you be due some holiday time . carter smile carter sound good - thank you dezerae do not mention it - now can I get back to my account , or do you want to fillet I ? carter laugh as dezerae turn and leave . carter watch she as she enter she office , witter to herself . she pick up the phone and return to she rolidex - she stop at a card - alan smith 60 int night house - the phone ring ... a little girl with a party hat pick up the receiver ... little girl hello ?... grandad ! it 's for you ... alan smith , the gangster we meet at the beginning of the film walk in , also wear a party hat . he take the phone - smith thank you darling - you go on back to you friend ... the little girl prance off back to she party ... smith hello ? 61 int night true crime office - ( continued ) 61 continued : carter hello , alan - it 's ellen carter here from crime scene - yes - I remember you say that if I need something , I could come to you ... 62 ext night cash point - carter be at a cashpoint . everywhere be desert . she feel intensely lonely - and very very afraid of the shadow . she glance at she watch as she withdraw a huge wad of note . 63 int night hardware store - we see a pile of can which read " ant poison " . carter take one down and look at it - pay attention to the content ... it read , " 8.5 % arsenic - poison " . she take it and walk to the checkout . 64 ext night spare part shop - carter pull up in front of a run down , scruffy shop with spare tyre in the window . the light be off . she clamber from she car and knock on the door - after a moment the door open to reveal a odd look man , dark with a slight limp - he reply with a broad cockney accent - JOHN alan send you - right ? carter nod 65 int night car shop - carter step into the shop which be fill with car spare part , seat , tyre , window - everything you could ever imagine . its cramped and claustrophobic - JOHN walk behind the counter - reach under and retrieve a very large and oddly shape tool box - carter watch anxiously - JOHN open up the case to reveal a vast array of weapon - from small pistol to fully automatic assault riffle - JOHN what do you want ? carter be obviously a little weapon shy - if not downright ignorant . ( continued ) 65 continued : carter I want a gun - ( embarrassed ) - there 's this guy , I think he 's watch I - you know I would just feel safer with a gun in the house - I would not use it - just for show JOHN whatever you say Lady JOHN frown and reach in , pull out a ouzi sub machine gun . JOHN this will stop anything that move carter no - something smaller I think he replace the weapon and withdraw a small handgun ... he rack it , check the chamber and the mechanism ... carter jump slightly at the loud metallic chang . JOHN brown 9 mm - hold 13 in the clip , one in the chamber - and I will throw in two extra clip and a silencer ... he hold out the extra bullet clip before screwing the silencer onto the front of the gun . he pass it to she . she hold it clumsily , if not a little repulse by it . carter I will need the bullet ... JOHN no problem - that 's a good gun - get a nice action - try it ... carter hold the gun up at arm length - unsure of what to do . she squint and aim before pull the trigger ... click ! CUT to - a huge wad of note be drop on the counter . carter turn to leave ... 66 int night hallway ( at 66 acacia avenue ) - carter enter she front door , close it quietly behind she . she do not turn the light on . ( continued ) 66 continued : the faint sound of classical music and laughter come from the live room - slowly she walk toward the close door . she reach out and open it ... 67 int night live room - she step into the room . steckler and mik be sit at a table together have dinner - mik look round smile . mik ellen ! you be back - come and join we ... you must be tired - leslie tell I how you spend the whole day knock out that hole ... funny place to put a fish tank though . carter look over at steckler obviously not too pleased . steckler I think I would cook we a meal mik offer some spare rib ... it seem important to steckler that carter join they at the table carter ( sicken ) no thank you - I already eat mik crunch hard on a bone - mik oh come on ellen , they be the nicest rib I have ever taste mik look round at steckler , she 's feel full , tipsy and sexy - mik ( caress steckler hand ) leslie be a very talented cook - he say there 's nothing he can not do with red meat and wine ! she hold up she glass to carter ... steckler pull he hand away from mik , look down - avoid the contact carter ( coldly to steckler ) I be sure that 's true ... steckler stand to clear the table .... ( continued ) 67 continued : steckler ( to carter ) if you want any - there 's some leave in the kitchen carter I think I will pass ... steckler walk out of the room - carry the huge platter steckler dessert be on it 's way he leave the room . mik give carter a scrumple , tipsy look mik I think I misjudge he - he 's really quite cute carter be not smile at all - mik see this ... mik get up and wander over to the other side of the room - she select a tape and insert it into the cassette deck and press play . she remove she jacket to reveal a tight white vest . mik ( wiping brow ) you ought to get the heating see to - it 's so hot heavy thudding dance music pump from the speaker . mik begin to dance on she own - she be very very sexy as she swing she hip ... carter be exasperate - on top of everything , she have a headache . the last thing she need be a drunk girlie flirt with a psychopath . carter stand up and turn the music down ... mik what 's wrong with you ? carter ( awkwardly & quiet ) I would prefer it if you keep away from leslie mik what ? carter you hear I - keep away from he ( continued ) 67 continued ( 2 ) : mik laugh at the ridiculousness of the statement mik you do not own he you know - you can not tell I not to see he ! carter ( calmly ) yes I can ... mik 's attitude change - this be no longer a funny situation - ellen be serious - mik huh - fuck you - who trample on you grave mik turn the music back up - and continue dance . carter look over to the kitchen - expect steckler to be watch this display - but he 's not . she look harder ... then she see the reflection of he face in a mirror in shadow . he be watch , and have be watch mik from the safety of a mirror . he do not move . just watch ... carter turn - she must speak now whilst she have the strength . she turn the tape off . carter I be give you notice , I want you out . mik stop dead in she track , slowly turn . carter I want you out now mik leave !? who the hell do you think you be ? carter ( calmly ) I be you landlady mik be stop dead in the middle of argument . mik just because I have dinner with leslie - I mean ? what be you two fuck or something ? Cause , if you be , I do not know ! ( continued ) 67 continued ( 3 ) : steckler appear at the door of the kitchen . mik be bubbling with anger , but she restrain it , tear form in she eye . mik oh I understand ( stepping forward ) she turn and exit , run upstairs . carter look at steckler who return a silent stare . the sound of mik thunder back down the stair can be hear and she enter with she jacket and a small bag . her eye be red - she look like she be about to burst into tear . she walk up to carter , offer she a wad of note . mik it 's the rent I be due - take it then we be equal reluctantly , carter take the note ... mik be very distress , fight hard to keep she voice from waver . she keep she head bow . mik I will be at deklan be , and I will come over to collect my stuff in the next few day ... do not mind my stuff if some guy you fancy turn up - just leave it in the garden - I think you be a nice girl ellen - look like I be wrong she turn and walk out , pause at the door to look at carter . carter can say or do nothing . steckler watch silently - he know he place . he continue to wash the dirty dish . mik leave ... dissolve to - 68 int night carter 's room - a huge plank wedge the door shut - on the table be a ashtray with a cigarette burn peacefully - a box of shell lie open ... carter sit silently listen through headphone to she miniature tape recorder , the interview with alan smith she check out she gun - she 's never handle one before and the action be stiff - she learn how to load the clip , how to rack the gun ... she feel the weight in she palm before gently squeezing the trigger - click ! carter turn she attention to the bottle of ant killer she have buy ... ( continued ) 68 continued : voice of smith oh yeah , anyway - when he get they weaken with the arsenic , just sprinkle it on they food for a few day - like I say , just weaken they enough for he to get they where he wanted they without any resistance ... carter take a spoonful of the white powder from the ant poison and sprinkle it into the sugar bowl . she mix it in with the spoon before taste a little , just to check if it can be detect ... she can not taste anything . she replace the sugar bowl lid and look up . 69 int night hallway - carter walk down the stair , the sugar bowl in she hand . she have no expression - just a resolute stare . 70 int night kitchen - she enter the kitchen and boil the kettle - make two cup of coffee . slowly and methodically . 71 int night live room - carter enter the room with two mug of coffee on a tray - and the sugar bowl . steckler sit opposite , watch banal television . he look up to she as she pass he the coffee ... carter sugar ? steckler yes , one and a half please . carter dunk the sugar in the coffee and swirl it round . she pass it to steckler , watch he intently as he sip . carter I will write you book ... steckler break into a broad smile - carter do not . carter but I have one demand - you will not kill whilst I write ( continued ) 71 continued : steckler stop grin and think , then smile once more . steckler Fine - you will have to work fast - it will probably be only a few month before they identify my print - and then it be over - I will destroy all the evidence in my safety deposit box - you secret will die with I ... ( pleased ) I be so glad ellen carter do not look so cheerful ... 72 int night live room - the screen be fill with the white noise of a video recorder image - it stabilise and show steckler sit in front of the camera - gaudy pixilate colour seep through - it appear very documentary style ... voice of carter you name ? steckler leslie steckler voice of carter what do you do ? steckler ( embarrassed ) what do I do ? what do you do ? voice of carter I write - if this be go to work , you be go to have to get use to talk to the camera - open up to it ... steckler nod , lowering he head . carter so what do you do ? steckler I be a dentist carter and how long have you be a dentist ? ( continued ) 72 continued : steckler ( warming ) oh , about six year since I graduate carter ( abruptly ) and how many people have you kill ? steckler I do not know carter you do not know ? steckler no - the police say I have kill fourteen - but I have not - I have kill many more . it amaze I how they just have not find the body . what be society come to when people just do not get miss . I agree , some of they be well hide - I probably could not even show you where I put they - one girl , number eight I think the press call it - she be not even mine - I do not know who do it but I do not carter where do you kill they ... steckler oh anywhere - whenever I need to - do you know how easy it be to take they ? you just pick up a hiker , or someone off the street - they believe so easily you know , ' look , I have something to show you ' I would say - and that would be it . one girl , I think she name be Debbie - she have break down on the motorway , and I offer to take she to a service station to call for a tow truck - she just get in and I drive away . when I pull into the layby and take out my knife - she just froze , and say - what do you want ? - I say , you know what I want . - but she do not . get rid of the body be just as easy - the first I cut up , put in bag with brick in , and toss they off eldridge Bridge in broad daylight . ( pause ) the real problem with my work be the blood - there be so much of it - and it all spurt out so fast - like a fountain . it make such a mess of 72 continued ( 2 ) : steckler ( cont 'd ) my car ( -) I stop work from my car . ( pause ) she could have stop I you know - if she really want too . that be the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - if a dog attack you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - why then do people get bitten by dog - savage ? why ? carter I do not know steckler because a dog will attack with a ferocity and force that we pose , but century of social contamination have run it out of we - that be what set we aside from the purity of the beast ... Society be rotting - man who once be strong and keep everything work be get soft - woman be make they soft - by the time a pretty girl have reach twenty - she have have three lifetime worth of fun and attention - so she do not deserve any more - carter do not debbie deserve anymore ? steckler no she do not ... carter what do you do with she ? steckler you know everyone accuse I of be sick - the press , the tv - but I be not you know - they be - I do not watch it for entertainment every night - I do not sit and watch it whilst eat my dinner - they all say , how could he cut she up ? she be dead - I can not hurt something dead - and all this whilst they slobber down they process beef burger by the dozen - I could not eat one of that burger , you do not know what have go in they ! ( wry smile ) 72 continued ( 3 ) : there be a long pause - carter the press think that the white angel be a woman - why be that ? do you dress up leslie ? steckler ( awkward ) I do not want to talk about it - carter ok , the press call you the white angle because you only kill girl wear white - why white - white clothes , blonde hair ... steckler I do not know ... carter be ' they ' colour a expression of they inner self ? by that I mean , extrovert wear bright colour - so what be people who wear white ? steckler ( to carter ) I do not know ... carter be white a expression of innocence ? do you crave innocence leslie ? steckler ( -) let I ask you , why do you wear black ellen carter ? what be you run from ? carter be indeed wear black - there be a long pause as steckler stare carter out - even though he can not quite see she . carter do you feel sorry for the girl you have kill steckler why should I feel sorry - they be dead . 73 ext night roadway / car - the white line of the road streak silently by . carter sit silently in the car with steckler as they drive into the night . pass car headlight dance on carter face - they say nothing to one another - there be a sombre quiet 74 ext house night - steckler pull up in front of a house - 75 ext day night - the door to the house open . steckler and carter stand in the doorway ... the man in the doorway look puzzle , he obviously do not know carter or steckler . steckler hello - be annie in ? the man tense up ... graham be you a journalist ? steckler no - I be a old friend of annie be - I have not see she for year - you must be graham ? be there something wrong ? the man seem to literally deflate . graham I be sorry - I have be hound by the press - annie die over a year ago . 76 int night graham' live room - the room be cosy and dark , a log fire burn in the background . we pan along a series of picture , some with Graham and a woman ( presumably annie ) , some of just the woman on she own . she be pretty with long flow hair . steckler and carter be sit on the settee together . graham walk into shot with a glass of brandy for steckler ... graham ( to carter ) be you sure you do not want a glass ? carter ( politely ) no - thank you ( continued ) 76 continued : graham sit down - a log fire burn brightly . he smile - it 's good to have guest for a change - especially nice people . graham so do you know she well ? she never mention you to I steckler not really ( embarrass ) we have a bit of a crush on each other - purely innocent I assure you - but she be fun - do she ever tell you about she nick name - smudgy ? graham smudgy ? no ... steckler yes , everyone use to tease she about that birth mark - you know the one she have on she ... steckler point to he rear ... graham ( smiling ) I be surprised you know about that - she would not ever show anyone it steckler turn to carter look she right in the eye ... steckler oh we get in a little tussle once - and that 's when I see it carter be beginning to look a little uncomfortable . steckler so if you do not mind I ask - how do it happen graham take a deep breath - it 's be a long time since have tell anyone about this graham well - she be out late one night - just go down to the newsagent for some cigarettes - and she do not come back ... ( continued ) 76 continued ( 2 ) : steckler watch carter ... we stay on carter face for the entire monologue - the glow of the fire dance on she face ... graham Three day later some kid find she in some bush ( get very difficult to talk ) - she have be ... she have be ... they say she die instantly ... but I do not know how long she have to suffer before that bastard kill she ... carter be almost in tear graham the worst thing be I have to go down and identify she - she be so small and pale - we cut back to graham . graham how can any human be do that to another ? carter do not have a clue . 77 int car night - carter sit silently as steckler drive . suddenly a figure can be see in the roadway - a hitcher , a girl with blonde hair , cut off jeans and long leg - steckler slow down to stop - carter be about to violently object - but steckler speed on before she can say anything . he look over to carter with a wry smile . carter be wide eye and shocked ... 78 ext day 66 acacia avenue - steckler car pull into the driveway and halt . carter and steckler clamber for it , run from the rain that pelt down . they approach the house and enter . slowly we move backwards to reveal inspector taylor sit in he car with a thermos flask and the infamous doughnut . he watch they intently .... 79 int night carter room - carter drowsily toss and turn . she glance at she clock . its 3.30 80 int day hallway - steckler stand in the hallway , fix he tie . he be very smart . he examine a piece of paper which be head " shoster bank of credit " - he glance down at the letter - " appointment at 10 be ... " steckler glance at he watch and turn decidedly to the door . quietly he unlock it , glance up as he do so - he do not want to make much noise . he gently shut the door behind he ... 81 int day carter room - but the click of the latch still awaken the slumbering carter . she look very much the worse for wear , the last few day have be very tough ... drowsily she climb from she bed and peer out of the window - she see steckler walk down the garden path and round the corner out of sight . she think to herself ... 82 int day upstair hallway - carter appear in the hallway dress in ' throw on ' track suit bottom and a vest - she walk down the hall to steckler room , look round as she do - she know he 's not there , but she have to settle she paranoia ... slowly she take a hold of the door handle and turn - to she amazement the door swing open . 83 int day steckler room - carter be leave in the hallway , hesitant - slowly she enter - fearful of what she may find . the room be well light and organised - yet disorganise . whilst everything be neatly put in it 's place , it 's not quite right - clothes be crumpled , book upside down on the shelf ... a sleep bag lie on the floor , recently sleep in ... the bed immaculate . the wall have several picture on it - print of classical painting in tacky small frame . she begin to rummage through cupboard - but find only clothes ... she open a set of drawer and riffle through ... nothing ... ( continued ) 83 continued : down the side of the cabinet be some leather bound book - carter open the first - ancient stamp ... she move on to the next ... Press clipping ... she leaf through they . they begin year ago with local press report of mass dog killing in the hamlet of dedington ... soon the clipping develop a more sinister feel , " woman find dead on common " , " local girl go miss " ... " writer win Award " - we see ellen carter hold up a copy of she book smile broadly for the photographer - carter be stunne that steckler have keep this old clipping ... she continue to flick and discover more and more white angel killing report ... she close the book and replace it carefully . she turn she attention to the case we see steckler struggle with - fill and over heavy . she lift it and place it on the bed . slowly she unlatch it - and finally remove the belt . the lid creak open - carter hold she breath , not want to open it - but it be fill with bizarre dentistry tool , scalpel , probe - a gas cylinder and drill ... a tiny piece of black cloth protrude from a brown parcel - carter unravel it to reveal a black dress , wig and red stiletto shoe - perfectly arrange . carter frown ... she replace everything and move on ... she open a drawer and rummages , take out a pile of letter . she leaf through and discover a bank statement - depository section of the shoster bank of credit - and the address , 44 Anthony Street , barnet ... carter bingo - ( whisper to self & search ) the key ...? we pull focus to reveal the key hang from the bedhead ... carter do not see it . 84 ext day STREET - steckler be walk briskly down the street - he stop suddenly , clasp he chest - he have forget the key . he turn on he heel and begin walk back - fast ! 85 int day steckler room - carter delve deeper into steckler drawer - intrigue . she take some photo out - mostly polaroid . one be of a very pretty girl in a car , another be of a woman - huge and domineer . she be in she kitchen , smile broadly . 85 continued : another photo be of a young boy with a older girl by he side - presumably , steckler with a sister . she find a crumpled shot of a old house , huge and mansion like . she delve deeper into the papers . she find a document - a adoption document , the date 1962 - the name leslie raymond anderson ... carter ( mouthing ) my god ... 86 ext day 66 acacia avenue - steckler be get closer , walk up the garden path to the door - he finger touch the doorbell but he hesitates - he step back and look at carter bedroom - she curtain still shut . he shrug and remove he key ... 87 int day steckler room - she move on , to a small album of polaroid ... the first be of steckler and he wife sit on a sofa , steckler arm around he she ... there be a few mundane photo 's before carter find one of a different girl , once more steckler embrace ... carter glance over at the table - a polaroid camera sit with a small tripod attach . she flip through the other photo 's - all different girl - all vacant stare - all dead ... 88 ext day front door - steckler twist the key in the lock and the door swing open - 89 int day steckler room - carter delve deeper into another drawer . suddenly she hear a click - she head spin round , she heart pound ... 90 int day stair - steckler be creep up the stair 91 int day steckler room - carter frantically tidy everything away ... 92 int day stair - but steckler be get closer still , almost at the top of the stair ... 93 int day steckler room - carter have finish tidy when she suddenly spot the key hang up - she reach out for it - the door handle turn - carter eye widen !!! the door swing open and steckler step in . he look round cautiously - the key be still in it 's place , but sway ever so slightly ... and no carter we see steckler bed , carter foot disappear under it ... we see carter huddle amongst the box and a huge parcel beneath the bed - she watch steckler foot . steckler grab the key and put it around he head . he pause again - look round - it be as if he can sense someone have be here ... without further think , he turn and exit close the door . carter listen as he go down the stair and out of the front door - clunk - she take a deep breath ... then she sniff , something smell bad ... she turn to see the huge parcel beneath the bed beside she - slowly she reach out to pull the sacking back ... it be just a old pillow , some box and other junk - she do not know what she expect but she 's glad it 's nothing else ... she clamber from under the bed and shake herself down - without hesitation she move for the door - but it's locked ! carter groan in disbelief carter oh come on ! 94 int day mik 's room - the camera move slowly through mik 's room - suddenly there be a movement from the window - carter appear , clamber along the window ledge awkwardly - she reach through the open slip and let herself in . clumsily she fall to the floor in mik 's room - glad to be safe she lie on she back and realise that she be still hold steckler small polaroid album in she hand . she start to laugh - and laugh and laugh - and then , as suddenly she have start , she stop laugh and close she eye ... dissolve to - 95 int night steckler room - the door to steckler room open and carter silently step in . steckler lie in the moonlight , asleep . the key carter be so desperate to have be sit on he bedside cabinet . slowly she move forward , sweat drip from she forehead . she reach out for the key , further and further , nearer and nearer ... her finger clasp the cold metal . suddenly , steckler jump up behind she , scream - he raise he arm bring the meat clever he hold , crash down on she hand , sever it cleanly from she body .... 96 int day live room - carter abruptly wake from she dream - she be sit in she high arm chair - the room be darken , the curtain shut . slowly she make out the form of steckler sit shadow in a chair opposite . he do not move or say anything ... carter how long have you be watch I ? steckler I have something I have to show you ... he stand up - the room be still laid out from the previous evening , the video camera still on it 's tripod . steckler wander over to the tv set and insert a tape into the video - the tv flicker into life - a home video , shaky and out of focus . a couple be chat and enjoy a picnic by a monument in a park . it be steckler and another woman - presumably he wife . steckler look very different , he hair unkempt , he clothes scruffy . the woman be thin , with wave of blonde hair - she 's wear a bright coloured outfit - she face cake in make -up . but worst of all , she nag ... steckler look round at carter - the light from the tv flicker on she face . he look back to the tv ... the couple be eat they picnic . the picture and sound be very bad - add to the authentic , fly on the wall documentary feel . the camera be be helm by steckler who be off shot - and soon a argument break out over the content of the sandwich . as usual , everything be steckler fault , can not he do anything right ? this woman be you worst nightmare ... suddenly the camera tilt ... then fall to the ground . it 's focus system try to focus on the background , but cannot . instead it focus on the picnic basket . 96 continued : a fight can be hear - suddenly steckler wife stop shouting at he , there be a pause , then a crash as something fall over . carter eye widen as she mind fill in the visual blank from the sound . there be a loud but muffle crack ... the camera be pick up again , get a brief glimpse of the inert form of the woman on the floor . the picture go fuzzy as the recording end . carter look up at steckler who in turn have just turn off the camera . CUT to - the wheel of the video cassette turn in the video camera - the record light flash . we see the video screen . steckler sit there - look into the lens . carter tell I about you wife ... steckler my wife ( -) my wife be the only one who really deserve it . ( mimick ) leslie do this . leslie do that . leslie it 's you fault ... she use to tell I what to wear , where to go , what to do - she mothere I ... carter then why do you marry she - steckler it seem like a good idea at the time - why do you marry you husband . there be a pregnant pause - carter continue ... carter what do not you like about she ? steckler ( intensely ) I hate be treat like a failure - look down on - my sister use to do that - I hate it - I should have know , when we get marry - in a registry office of course - she wear maroon - I just want a white wedding ( -) I think she think I be a ticket to the good life . I have a good job , prospect . and she be a slut - I do not know until too late . one day , I come 96 continued ( 2 ) : steckler ( cont 'd ) home early and find she in bed with another man . I do not know who he be . it do not matter . she never see I . I sit and watch for half a hour before I know what I have to do . there be a pause as steckler think . steckler I hate she for that . and I hate she for not wear white at we wedding . I be cheat . I could not have what everyone else could have - all my life I have deny purity ... the only time I really be at one with my wife be that precious few hour before I have to cut she up - she be accept of everything then ... steckler stop talk . carter wait .. steckler I have to kill she . she be rotten . and like my mother say - cut away the dead wood or it will stop you do what you must do . the world be a better place without she . you should understand better than anyone . carter draw she leg up under herself . steckler you be the first person I have ever tell any of this to . we be bird of a feather ellen ... we be in the same league carter I do not think so ... this be not a game you know ... there be not point or league . sure I kill my husband - but I be no killer . steckler you have kill but you be not a killer carter that 's right ... do not ever think that you and I be the same - we be not even remotely similar . I do what I have to do for myself , for my own self preservation - not to live out some bizarre role play fantasy . my husband be sick - 96 continued ( 3 ) : carter ( cont 'd ) he beat I up - he abuse I - and I just snap . there be a pause as carter gather herself . steckler wait patiently want more ... steckler tell I how it happen ... carter why should I ? steckler why not ? please - it would help I carter wait for a moment - then open up carter there 's not much to tell - I have just win my prize for the book - and he hate I for it . he have hate the book , he hate my success for so long - so he decide to make my life hell . there be thing I can not tell you what he make I do - thing I could not tell anyone ... I want a divorce but he say he would not - then opportunity just pop up ... he be in the garage and I be in the car ... I just let the clutch up - he could not get out of the way . I do not really mean to kill he - just teach he a lesson - I guess if I have be think straighter I would not have do it . I know that if I be discover I would go to jail - even if it be manslaughter I would do time - and any time would have be too much - I have see what happen to people when they go to prison - and what happen to they when they get out . I be not go to be one of they . it be a strange reversal , steckler listen to the confession of a killer . both feel something - carter I know I have to get rid of the body - so I strung he up in the bath , slit he throat and drain he - cover he in salt - to avoid the rotting - and brick he up . everyone believe I when I tell they he leave the country - I 96 continued ( 4 ) : carter ( cont 'd ) think they be glad he be go . everyone except for that damn cop . he know . somehow he just know . steckler watch carter . there be love and tenderness in he eye . carter and I have never tell that to anyone before both carter and steckler smile . steckler and how do it feel to be rid of he carter wonderful - like a great release - he be a malignant cancer and I have to remove he - the world be better without he carter smile fade . steckler look at carter - they eye do not break from each other as a silent message be transmit ... 97 ext day park - carter and steckler be walk through a huge London Park . the tree be spider like and bare - winter have really take a grip . there be a few other people around - jogger , business man on lunch , people just enjoy the break from the concrete nightmare surround this green haven . steckler stop and turn to carter . steckler there be something special about this place - the green - in destruction there be creation - flesh rot to fertilise the ground for life to thrive on . carter and steckler stop . steckler point out a patch of ground in front of he , the grass slightly taller than everywhere else . carter ( look and think ) what ? ( continued ) 97 continued : steckler that be my wife ... nothing ever die - it just change . I change my wife . carter fumble in she bag and retrieve she camera . steckler I come here every so often - to pay my respects steckler turn to carter look strangely different steckler I be weary ellen - of hold everything inside of I - that 's why I need this book - in a few week it will be over - the police will have I - I will make you a lot of money and you career will be back on track - carter think about he comment before turn she attention to she camera to take a photo - steckler look at she questioningly carter for the book ... we see down the lens of the camera , steckler stand on the grassy mound . carter focus - then click . the image freeze in black and white . 98 ext day park - a bunch of pigeon fight over a few morsel of food . carter and steckler be sit on a park bench , steckler toss piece of bread to the pigeon . across the way a big lawyer sit , talk on a portable phone - a bottle of perrier in he other . carter have she camera and be take a few portrait of steckler . she move about look for the best shot . the big lawyer opposite cannot take he eye off carter leg and bum - it do not help as she be wear a fairly short skirt ... and when she bend over ... the big lawyer laugh down the phone - he be obviously tell the person on the other end of the line what he be do . carter finishes she roll and sit back down . ( continued ) 98 continued : steckler have finish with he bag of bread for the pigeon and look over at a waste bin twenty yard away . he spot a can under the bench and stretch to pick it up ... he stand and wander over to the bin . carter wrestle with she camera which have jamme - but she finally get it free . she take out the film and pocket it . she look up at the big lawyer who be blatantly stare at she leg . he do not even look away when carter see he . suddenly from behind , steckler appear and lean over close to the big lawyer . carter watch on . steckler lean close to the lawyer and whisper in he ear . the lawyer face go pale . hurriedly he gather he thing and shuffles off . steckler smile to carter as he wander back - a ' do not look at I ' expression write all over he face . carter do not know how to react - grateful that she honour have be defend - but at the same time , wish it be someone else . they walk off into the distance ... 99 int night carter room - ( writing montage ) carter be write furiously at she computer - we see she finger work wonder - the letter just fly up on the screen . we see she with she head in she hand , desperate for inspiration - she fan herself with a piece of paper and steckler watch , mesmerise by the sensuous display - and then carter be type furiously once more . photo be print and scan onto computer - we see the printer printing out page of script ... at last ellen carter have begin write once more ... carter shuffles a pile of papers - ten page or so and look at the cover , ' the secret Diary of Dr Leslie Raymond steckler - introduction ' she place they down and look at a small black and white photo of a stern look woman and a lose little boy - steckler and he mother . she examine closely - almost obsessed ... she place it down and begin write , look at the computer screen ... ( continued ) 99 continued : CUT to ... 100 int night forensic lab - the fingerprint computer be still check name and print rapidly - foster sit with she foot up and drink a cup of tea as she patiently watch ... a small figure say ' 43 % do ' . 101 int day live room - the camera be focuss once more - steckler sit in the familiar chair ... carter so tell I about you mother steckler look up a little shocked - that one come out of the blue steckler my mother ...? ( -) I never know my real mother - I be adopt carter tell I about you adopt mother steckler be firm lipped - he do not want to open up carter I have to - I have to see the beginning - ( firmly ) now tell I about you mother he do not answer for a long time - steckler my mother do not love I - she never love I - when I be fourteen I have a pet rabbit - and I kill it , just to see what my mother would do ... she buy I a goldfish and tell I to stop cry . two day later she die in the accident carter be obviously shocked by this ... there be a long pause . steckler you think I kill my mother do not you ? carter do you ? ( continued ) 101 continued : steckler my adopted mother - whose house be so cold I could see my breath in front of my face , whose furniture be so valuable , no - one could sit on it , whose ornament so rare , I could not have school friend round ... my mother , who lock I in the attic when I be naughty , who drive she husband to the grave , who bring lover home for weekend in the country - she be filth - be that what you want I to say ... that I push she off the boat when she drown , who would not throw she a life buoy ? be that what you want I to say ? be it ? steckler pause for a long second - carter , move by steckler torrential confession ... steckler ( calmer ) no ... I do not do it ... I wish I have but I do not . I be beat to it . stephanie become my mother . carter stephanie ? steckler my sister - my adopted sister - carter do stephanie kill you mother ? steckler stephanie love I - she get some insurance money and take legal custody of I - she be just old enough . we have a ball for year - we could do anything , anywhere , anyhow ... and we do ... we would play game - she would be the executioner and I would be the convict - she would strap I into the arm chair and pretend to electrocute I ... steckler drop off into silence ( continued ) 101 continued ( 2 ) : carter what be you relationship with stephanie ? steckler ( quietly ) it be wrong - all my life I have be cheat - cheat of anything good - I should not have be bear - I be a mistake - my natural mother be a whore - that make I ... steckler be beginning to crack up . steckler I want it to stop - it all to stop ... carter then make it stop ... steckler look up at carter - he believe in she ... 102 int day live room - steckler sit at a table near the window , read the book silently . carter sit nearby - nervous as hell . steckler turn the page . it 's just too intense for carter - she get up and go to the kitchen . 103 int day kitchen - carter fill the kettle up and reach for the sugar . she glance over she shoulder - steckler be still sit read . slowly she open the sugar bowl - it be empty . for a moment she deliberate what to do - before reach under the sink , to a remote spot , and retrieve the ant poison . at all time she nervously switch between what she be do and where steckler be - she heart pound as she fill the bowl up with sugar - and then mix in the ant poison . she glance over she shoulder - steckler be stand only two foot away - carter jump - steckler hold up the book steckler I need to talk to you ... unseen , carter manage to slip the ant poison into a drawer behind she . 104 int day live room - carter and steckler sit down , carter take care of make the tea . steckler look a different man - the intensity and line from he forehead go . he slump in the chair rather than sit in a angular position ... the two look at each other for a long time before curiosity get the better of carter ... carter what ? steckler I know this sound insane ellen , but ... telling you all of this , write the book ... it feel good . do not get I wrong - I feel like a weight be be lift from my shoulder ... when I tell you what I have do - I can not believe it be I ... yet I know it be . this be like a purging for I ... carter psychiatrist would say that you be confront you demon steckler demon ... this would not have be possible without you ... you have give I incentive ellen - I can see clearer now ... carter look at steckler slightly differently - as a doctor would at a condemn patient who be show miraculous sign of recovery . steckler sit up and put sugar into he tea - carter watch - a mass of confuse emotion . steckler what 's wrong ? carter nothing could be better ... steckler take a sip of he tea - it 's sweet ... steckler I really must cut down on sugar - it will be the death of I ... 105 ext day steckler surgery - it be a brisk winter day . the street be busy , the road pack with traffic . the figure of a biker hurtle between the car , expertly weaving through they . it be mik wear she usual hip biker kit , but with a tight white top ... she pull up in front of the dentist , grapples in she bag and retrieve a parcel . she look up , check the address - then smile ... 106 int day build foyer - she enter the building , rest she bike up against the wall inside before run up the stair . 107 int day dentist foyer - mik swagger in and lean on the desk . the secretary be there . mik be dr . steckler here ? 108 int day hallway - mik be lean up against the wall when a door open up at the end of the corridor . steckler walk out , he hand fill with bizarre instrument ... steckler I think it be you - how be you ? mik I be good - I be just make a delivery near here , so I think I would see if you be about ... steckler yes , come on in ... there be a sudden whine of a dentist drill ... mik no , I can not I have get a million thing to deliver . I just want to say thank you for the other night - I know it all get a little out of hand ... mik suddenly feel very awkward ... mik anyway - look , I have move in with deklan now - it 's a nice flat in a shitty area - ( sarcastically ) but hey , its home ! 108 continued : steckler that 's good mik I would really like it if you would come round some time - then I could cook you a meal - what do you say ... steckler yes , that would be nice - I will call round some time ... mik smile ... mik good - I have get to dash - ( cautiously ) say that I say hello to ellen for I would you ... steckler yes - of course . mik give one last smile and turn to leave ... steckler do not move and watch she as she leave the building . 109 int day build foyer - mik bounce down the stair , grab she bike and exit . as she do so , she brushes up against someone enter ... inspector taylor look up the stair and begin he ascent ... 110 int day dental surgery - steckler be in he surgery with janet examine X ray of tooth - the door open and inspector pop he head in ... taylor Dr steckler ? steckler yes ...? taylor inspector dave taylor - Scotland yard ( produce id ) ... can I have a word ? steckler turn to janet - but she be quick ... ( continued ) 110 continued : janet I will be outside . she exit ... steckler how can I help scotland yard then ? steckler busy himself by wash he hand and sterilise he instrument as taylor talk ... steckler I believe you live with a mrs ellen carter ... steckler mrs ? I think she husband be dead taylor be eyebrow raise and he move into the room ... taylor Dead ? steckler or be it , she wish he be dead - that 's it - I believe he leave the country with another woman - all rather sordid . taylor so she do not mention anything more about it ? steckler no - she be not in any trouble be she ? taylor oh no sir - just make some enquiry ... just tell she that inspector taylor call on you - she will understand steckler I will be sure to ... taylor turn to exit ... then stop and turn taylor listen - whilst I be here , I have be have some problem with my back tooth - you could not just take a look , see if I need anything do ? 110 continued ( 2 ) : steckler I should not really - I be not you surgeon ... taylor who say anything about surgery ... it will only take a moment . steckler think to himself . steckler ok - just hop up ... taylor grin and climb onto the dentist chair lean back . steckler move behind he . he take taylor be head and move he head right back , expose he throat and mouth . steckler now open wide ... steckler look down at he tray of weapon - a scalpel glisten at he ... for a moment he hand hover before he take a probe and mirror . he insert they in taylor be mouth and conduct he examination . steckler mmm yes - there be a cavity here ... just tell I if this hurt ... without any more warning , steckler jab very hard on taylor be tooth ... taylor jump and cry out in pain . steckler retract he instrument and taylor close he mouth ... taylor bloody hell ! now I remember why I do not want to go to the dentist ... he clamber from the chair ... hold he mouth ... steckler you really should have that fill ... once more , the painful sound of the drill from the surgery next door scream through ... taylor thanks for you time - dr steckler ... ( continued ) 110 continued ( 3 ) : he turn on he heel and exit , nursing a very numb and sore mouth . steckler smile to himself - serve he right . 111 ext night stairway - once more , steckler be lock up he surgery . he descend the iron fire escape and into the alley way 112 ext night shop front - steckler eye find a way to the shop front and the collection of the shop dummy - especially the one wear the white dress ... steckler hear a noise behind himself ... 113 ext night alleyway - once more the STREET punk be hassling a girl - steckler walk briskly up ... the STREET punk have a knife in he leave hand , he right bandage - he demand she purse - but she will not give . viscously he lash out with the blade cut the woman 's leg - she shriek out in pain before relinquishing she purse . the punk pick it up just as steckler move out of the shadow - the punk turn round brandish he blade ... STREET punk you get a prob ...? steckler step out of the shadow . the punk 's face drop - without warning he spin on he heel and run for he life ... steckler smile - amused by he . he turn he attention to the girl on the floor . steckler turn to the woman who be lie amongst some old card box , blood seeping out over she clothes from the cut on she leg ... she look up at steckler as though he be lancelot ... steckler I be a doctor - my surgery be just around the corner 114 int day steckler surgery - the door open into darkness as steckler help the girl ( mary ) in . a alarm beeper sound . he flick on the light and the flourescent illuminate a cold and clinical room - a modern torture chamber for some . 114 continued : steckler I will just turn off the alarm steckler disappear off around the corner and down a hallway , pull key from he pocket . mary limp into the room - she eye fix on a array of tool , probe , scalpel - all bright silver and very nasty ... the alarm sound stop ... there be a distant crash of something fall to the floor ... silence ... mary hello ?! silence ... mary ( get nervous ) hello ?! suddenly , steckler appear behind she , put he hand on she shoulder - she jump a little ... steckler sorry about that - let get you up here ... he help she onto the chair . blood freely seep from a wound on she upper thigh . mary I do not know how to thank you - I think he be go to rape or kill I steckler if I be you , I would stick to daylight and wide open space from now on - let get this off . steckler help the woman remove she jogging trousers . she wince and groan as he do so . steckler inspect the wound ... steckler it 's not bad - it look a lot worse than it be ... you probably will not need stitches ( continued ) 114 continued ( 2 ) : he take a swab and wipe away the blood . the wound can clearly be see and it look pitifully small . mary be that it ? some war wound that turn out to be steckler laugh ... he take a swab and make she hold it on the wound . steckler this will stop it make too much of a mess mary I be terribly sorry ... steckler do not mention it ... his eye wander up she leg - to she pants - white and very skimpy ... he take a involuntary deep breath . her rather unflatter position , one leg on and one leg off the chair strike a sexual image that run shiver down steckler spine ... steckler I will call a taxi and make some tea while you wait . 115 int night utility room - steckler stand in a plume of wild steam from the kettle spout . his eye fix and unmove on he tool box - a hammer sit atop . 116 int night surgery - steckler enter with a tray and one cup of tea . he place it on the steel table next to the chair and the woman who have now cover herself up she look up from she bloody wound and smile mary thank you - but do not you want a cup ? for a long time , steckler hover behind she - not say anything . ( continued ) 116 continued : steckler no , I be not thirsty thank you . I call a taxi - they be very good here - he should be here very ... there be a beep beep outside . both mary and steckler smile at the timing . she stand mary that 's not too bad - she turn to steckler ... mary I do not know how to thank you - you have be so kind - if only more people in the world could be more like you ... she move closer and lightly kiss he on the cheek ... she extend she hand . mary I be mary stanley - nice to meet you steckler ( smile ) leslie steckler ... she turn and exit the surgery . 117 ext / int night STREET / surgery - mary climb into the taxi and wave as it pull away . steckler return the wave . he turn and walk over to he chair and lie back in it - a little like a psychiatrist chair . he sip she tea . slowly he raise he arm up - he be hold the hammer . he rest it on he chest . fade to black 118 ext day shop front - we see the shop front . slowly we move into the window which have the three dummy display . the centre dummy which be wear the white dress be be undress by a shop assistant . 119 int night live room - cut to a huge close up of the tv screen . steckler can not speak - something hold he back - we move from the camera to he - 119 continued : steckler turn it off - I can not handle that thing anymore carter turn off the machine - she sense something be different - steckler move forward , craving human intimacy ... carter what 's wrong ? steckler I be ashamed of what I have do ellen . when I read what you have write it make I think - look into myself - I have not dare look into myself for a long time - I have stop ellen , I can not carry on - I will not carry on . all I want be to start a new life - I want a second chance ... you be good to I - you do not condescend , you be intelligent , and very beautiful ... carter listen on - not move at all ... steckler you do not disappoint or let I down ellen . I want the woman who help I put the past behind I by my side - if she will have I for the short time I have leave . carter sit silent and dumfounded . steckler produce a large box , gift wrap . he pass it to carter - carter what be it ? steckler open it ... with trepidation carter open the box . she discover the white dress from the shop window , beautifully fold , with a pair of match shoe ... carter you want I to wear this for you ? ( continued ) 119 continued ( 2 ) : steckler yes ... carter you want I to wear white for you ? you must be madder than I think ... steckler but ellen , I tell you I have stop ... carter but for how long - what will set you off again ? you will be walk down the street and some girl will be wear a white hat - and that will be it - back on the merry go round ... carter stand - completely engulf in disbelief and anger ... carter you can not just flush you past down the toilet of life - you want a second chance - what about the girl you kill - do they have a second chance - no - because you kill they . and I be good to you - I do not condescend , and do not let you down . you know why leslie - because you have get I by the short and curly - I do not have a choice , either I go to jail or to the grave ! in answer to you question leslie - no I will not have you . never . she pick up the package and toss it back to steckler . the content spill out all over the floor . carter storm out to the kitchen . steckler slowly retrieve all he gift , replace they in the box - he be deeply hurt . 120 int night kitchen - carter be shaking - she quickly light a cigarette to calm she . steckler walk out of the live room and collect he jacket from behind the door .... ( continued ) 120 continued : suddenly hit by doubt and worry , carter turn to he as he exit ... carter where be you go ? steckler out - I may be some time steckler leave ... carter wait leslie ...i... i... 121 int night carter bedroom - carter be sit at she desk flipping through note . a huge pile be stack by she , the word research scribble across it - and a bottle of vodka to it 's side . she sit back , read a photocopy of a newspaper article title , " what ever happened to the modern serial killer " . she look at the photo of modern mass murderer - sketches of other . one in particular grab she eye ... the inscription below read " the french ' hillside slasher ' carter eye wander down the article ... carter voice " ... and what of that killer which stop ? there have be many document serial killer who merely end they reign of terror - Jack the ripper be one of the most sensational . other the french hillside slasher - take nineteen life then mysteriously stop . what happen to he - do he die , be he arrest and jaile for other charge , do he leave the country - or be he carnal need fulfil - he anger discharge ? only he will ever know ... " carter look up from she article think . 122 int night hallway - the front door slam and steckler briskly walk into the kitchen , pause only to hang he jacket up . carter walk down the stair . 123 int kitchen night - steckler be wash he hand in the kitchen sink when carter enter from behind . she lean up against the door frame - pause for the right moment to speak . steckler we have get nothing to talk about carter leslie I be sorry - I - I do not know what to think steckler turn round steckler I think we have a relationship build on trust - and you just slap I in the face ... carter ( Long pause ) I be sorry ... there be a long pause as steckler shuffles he foot , look at the floor like a little lose boy . carter leslie ? ( he look up ) be that good enough ? steckler yes - I suppose so ... the tension break carter it 's late and I have have too much to drink . I can not think straight now - we will talk about it in the morning ... carter turn and walk out ... steckler ellen ... carter turn back steckler I have stop - you must believe I a smile break out on carter face ( continued ) 123 continued : carter yes - I believe I do ... she turn and walk back out ... steckler watch - he face show long furrow line of familiar stress ... 124 int night hallway - carter walk into the hallway and be about to walk upstairs when she spot steckler jacket crumpled on the floor - it must have fall from the hook . she lean over to pick it up - but as she do so , she notice something on the floor underneath . she lean over and pick up a pair of biker glass , crack ... they be mik 's glass ! carter rummage in steckler pocket and withdraw a handkerchief - cover in blood . carter eye widen in horror - she be so close to believe it all - and she would have probably be persuade to wear the dress ... and what would have happen to she ? steckler shuffles about in the kitchen before walk into the live room - the tv turn on . she place the coat back on the hook - a panic run through she . what can she do ? she regains she composure . slowly she move over to the telephone and gently pick up the receiver . she keep she eye on the live room door at all time - not dare to breathe . she flip open she address book and look up the name deklan . sure enough it be there with mik 's fella scrawle after it . she dial the number and wait for it to ring , and ring , and ring - but no - one answer . carter hold the phone to she chest - she be nearly so very wrong ... 125 int night carter bedroom - carter lie asleep in she bed - the moonlight pick out the curve of she body . she be sweaty and look like she have be very restless ... ( continued ) 125 continued : there be a quiet pick at the door before it silently swing open . steckler be stand there in he vest and trousers . he step into the moonlight , he eye black ... he lean close to carter , caress she body - a inch above she skin . he know he cannot touch she though . as silently as he have enter , he leave . as the door click shut , carter eye flicker open - there be a loud click from near she head as we see she gun which she grip firmly under she pillow . she sit up , look round . she clamber out of the bed and slip on she jeans and a jumper . she jam she gun into she belt , grab a jacket and open the window . slowly she climb out , slip and slide , but just manage to hold on . she clamber down the drain pipe and be on ground level in a flash . 126 ext night tower block - the night be cold - the street desert . carter appear outside a huge block of flat - a urban monstrosity . she check a piece of paper and look upwards at they . 127 ext night corridor - carter walk along a external corridor , look for flat number 80 ... she find it . on the door the sign " mik and deklan " be write in colorful lettering . carter knock on the door , but as expect there be no answer . she take a torch from she back pocket and shine it in through the letter box , try to see in . she look through a small window at the side of the door . she can not see much , just a table overturn . but it 's enough ... she look round and find a brick . she heave it and crash it through the window . she lean she arm in and unlatch the door from the inside . 128 int night mik and deklan be flat - carter shut the door behind she and switch on the light . she walk past a photo of herself and mik take last year - the tv still buzze silently . as she have see , a table be overturn ... and a chair . ( continued ) 128 continued : she move further into the room - suddenly she see it , she hand involuntarily clasp she mouth . a large pool of blood stain the light carpet - a electric knife lie at its side , dry blood dull it 's blade . 129 ext night garden - steckler be stand in the garden , a fire raging before he . at he foot be a box fill with press clipping , article , paper ... and video tape , computer disk . he pick up the fist lot - a computer disk title , ' introduction ' ... he toss it on the fire . he take the page of ellen be book , look at they before send they on they way . he watch the flame as he pull the tape from video cassettes - eventually send they to the conflagration ... 130 int night hallway - carter silently let herself back in at 66 acacia avenue . slowly she move through the house and to the stair when she notice a slight flicker on the wall of the room . she move over to the window to take a look out back ... to she horror she see steckler fill in a hole in the garden . he dig hard with he spade and he job be almost do . a small fire flicker and steckler go over to it , drop some paper onto it . suddenly he turn and walk straight for the house and the doorway . carter panic , not know what to do . she look round for somewhere to hide - steckler be still advance ... and it be too late , the door open and steckler enter with the spade in he hand . he close the door behind himself - carter be nowhere to be see . steckler place the spade down and open the fridge , take out a bottle of milk . the light illuminate the area - and carter , who be hide close up to a cupboard - she eye be wide as she be freeze to the spot . steckler close the fridge door and slowly exit , walk up the stair ... ( continued ) 130 continued : carter take a silent , but deep breath ... 131 ext day STREET - carter , dress in jeans and a jacket walk determinedly down a street , pack with people . there be a resolution about herself ... 132 ext day public loos - carter enter some public loos 133 int day loo be - carter enter one of the little cubicle . once inside she begin to strip off - and change into a bright and skimpy dress with black tight , stiletto . she don heavy make - up and wear a pair of brightly coloured glass . she look very girlie . satisfied , she pick up she bag and exit . 134 ext day bank - carter arrive in she ' costume ' outside the bank . she check a piece of paper - a bank statement with a curious logo ( the same one that she find in steckler be box ) . she enter . 135 int day bank manager office - carter sit before the bank manager . carter you see , I be write this article for chic magazine manager ( never hear of it ) chic magazine ? carter yes - it 's about bank safety deposit box - I wonder if you might just explain how they work - and maybe even show I round . the manager smile nervously - she be a good look girl ... he take off he glass and pocket they ... manager well miss tandy - it 's not we policy to show people round - but if you be a potential client - that would be a different matter ... ( continued ) 135 continued : carter when could I look round ? manager well , if you could come sometime just before we close , then I could show you everything and ( go for it ) then we could go for a drink to discuss the finer point ... carter pause for a moment - she face expressionless ... the manager smile begin to fade when suddenly carter smile broadly ... carter that 's very kind of you mr griffith ...? manager brian ... carter but - if you could show I round now - and I will meet you later ? the manager be about to object when carter cross she leg - expose a tantalise bit of thigh - the manager be catch , hook line and sinker ... 136 int day vault - carter and he stand in the vault , a vast array of safety deposit box reach high up above . manager this be we demonstration box he smile confidently as if he be demonstrate something really cool and hip ... manager and this be the key - one for you - and one for I he pass carter one . manager we insert together - and out it come they both laugh as the box come out of the wall - she 's fully aware of he game and play along with it . 137 int day viewing room - the manager and carter step into a cramped view room with a small table ... carter and this be where the client can view they content in private ... she brushes lightly over the manager carter its cramped in here be not it brian manager ( clear throat ) yes it be ... carter tell I brian , what would happen if the client lose the key ? manager then we would have to call in we locksmith to break the lock carter so there be only one key ... manager that 's right ... carter and it can not be forge ? manager I do not say that - I be sure it could be , but we client must sign in first , check signature , and a photo ident - we have a nasty theft two year ago and we have be very strict since then . the manager be obviously get rather arouse - he glance at he watch ... carter be distant and in serious think manager I could get my secretary to cover for I this afternoon - if you want to go someplace now - it would save you come back carter resume she act ... ( continued ) 137 continued : carter yes , I be sure you could - but I can not risk you loose you job manager no - it 's no problem - I do it all the time carter all the time ? manager no - not all the time - I mean carter I know what you mean - I will meet you at vinnie wine bar at six if you like . and do not make any plan for this evening ... the manager be speechless ... 138 ext day bank - carter walk out of the bank . the manager stand in the doorway like a blood hound wait for it 's mistress to return . carter hurriedly disappear around the corner . 139 ext day 66 acacia avenue - carter run along the street , change back into she jeans and jacket . she run up the drive to the front door . 140 int day live room - carter walk into the live room and stop dead in she track ... steckler be have a cup of tea with inspector taylor ! taylor hello ellen - look like you doin ' some more interior decorate ! steckler pass the cup of tea to taylor steckler sugar ? taylor yes - one please . ( continued ) 140 continued : carter can do nothing but watch as steckler take a teaspoonful of sugar ( and arsenic ) and dunk it into taylor be cup . steckler ellen , would you like a cup - there 's plenty in the pot carter no thanks - ( look at taylor ) carter be confuse and worried - why be he here ? what have steckler tell he ? steckler inspector taylor have tell I that you be connect with that killer - the white ghost ... steckler give carter a funny look as taylor be not look taylor ( correct ) angel ... steckler yes , sorry - he 's here to make sure that you be alright carter ( calmly ) I know why he 's here for the briefest moment , carter look like she be go to spill the bean to taylor - steckler shuffles nervously on the spot taylor I would watch she mate - she have thing for man - they disappear near she . carter I think you have better leave steckler first finish you tea ... carter he do not need to ... taylor ( to steckler ) do you think she do not like I ( continued ) taylor gulp down he tea - carter sigh resignedly . taylor begin to walk out ... taylor if you need I , you know where I be ... taylor close the door behind himself ... carter turn to steckler . carter you like play with fire do not you steckler pass carter a cup of tea - habitually she take it . carter why do you let he in ? steckler what be I suppose to do ? carter take he point - she take a sip of she tea . he turn he back to she - obviously examine something steckler it 's get sugar in - you do not mind ? carter freeze carter I do not like sugar steckler there be not that much - you do not even taste it - what 's wrong - do not you like my tea ? carter it 's not that - I just do not want any sugar steckler why what wrong with the sugar - steckler turn round - the tin of ant poison in he hand - he read the ingredient as if be a cake mix - steckler 42 % pentathanol , 31 % crysonal and 8.5 % arsenic ... this be really very crude ellen - I taste it straight away - I be very familiar with arsenic - small dose over a long period of time mount up and eventually incapacitate the victim - why do you want to incapacitate I ellen ? 140 continued ( 3 ) : steckler ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) why !!! carter jump at steckler be violent outburst ... carter I have not be use it recently leslie steckler crap ! - I wish I have take a photo of you face when I give some to that detective - what 's wrong ellen - you look pale - maybe you have be eat the wrong kind of food lately - it could be food poisoning ? carter suddenly feel sweaty and sicken - she involuntarily take a deep breath , hold she throat ... steckler lurch for carter grab she by the throat and hold she hard ... steckler I think you believe I ! oh do not worry ellen , I pour the ant poison down the drain - I just want you to know what it feel like when I find out - unpleasant be not it ? carter rummage in she bag , pull out she kitchen knife she have keep with she .... she be absolutely bubbling with anger - but she channel . she hold the knife to steckler be throat - steckler loosen he grip on carter - she look real mad - almost insane ... carter ( whisper ) I could kill you now - no - one would ever know - I would have win already - unpleasant be not it ... carter break away - the tension leave - she drop the knife to the floor . steckler be shaking now - but he still manage a defiant remark ... ( continued ) 140 continued ( 4 ) : steckler you could not do it - it 's not because you can not kill - it 's the not know - if the bank would send my package - what would you do when the police come knock ... carter turn on the spot - carter do not be so sure ... carter exit ... steckler call out behind she - suddenly unsure of he position ... steckler ( turn and step forward ) I love you ellen , I would never hurt you . 141 int night forensic lab - the computer be still tick down - like a time bomb ... the screen read ' 67 % do ' . 142 int morning hallway - carter exit she bedroom and walk to the bathroom . she be a mess , she hair unkempt - she look like she have be drive over by a bus . the sound of steckler have a shower can be hear . she walk past the bathroom , glance at it . the door be slightly open . she spot steckler stand behind the curtain - shower . then she spot it - she last chance for salvation . the key - the bank key ! it 's hang from the razor light of the wall . 143 int day carter bedroom - carter enter she bedroom and close the door behind she . she rummages on top of she cabinet and find what she be look for - a tiny , odd look metal case which open up to reveal two slab of putty she turn round and throw off she robe and crumpled bed shirt - she rummage through she drawer - she hand hover over a white shirt before she decide for a stripe shirt - light in colour , but not white . she slip it on - it be very tight and low cut - sexy but not too provocative . she put she robe back on and pause for a beat - she take a long hard breath ... 144 int day bathroom - carter enter the bathroom - she stop dead in she track , surprised . steckler stand in the shower - totally naked . carter oh - I be sorry - I do not realise you be ... carter involuntarily glance at the key - steckler be freeze to the spot ... carter turn to exit - but stop ... carter leslie - about you and I - I have be think about what you say ... she turn back to steckler - he be still roote to the spot . she advance on he ... her bath robe loosen provocatively ... still steckler do not move - carter maybe I have be fool myself - I really do not know ... she wait for a reply - but none come - steckler still silent in the shower , water splash off he face ... he be like a teenager on a first date - and its get hot and heavy way too fast ... carter realise she be go to have to take the lead - she take another step forward , loosen she robe until it drop to the floor - she long slender leg be completely expose , steckler glance down . carter smile as she lift she arm up to touch steckler be face - he wince as she do so , but carter touch be soothing ... carter what do you say ... carter glance at the key - it be directly adjacent - somehow she be go to have to get he back turn to the key ... in she leave hand the small metallic case nestle unseen . carter step into the bath tub - into the shower . steckler be wide eye - he hesitates before kissing she - it be awkward and rather unimpassion ... steckler draw back , look at carter - she smile at he . he move to kiss she again , but carter divert he kiss to she neck ... suddenly , steckler give in , he begin kissing and lick she neck passionately ... 144 continued : carter reach out for the key - but can not quiet reach - she push she body up against he , so as to get closer to the key ... her hand reach out further and she clasp the chain ... quickly she open up the case and make two impression of the key in the putty - water splashes everywhere as steckler become more arouse . slowly carter close the case and slip it in between a plant pot and the wall on a shelf . she reach out with the key - she be just about to replace it when steckler push she backwards , look she in the eye - he kiss she passionately on the mouth and she have no choice but to give in . slowly she try to edge she way back , steckler be hand all over she body , she back ... her breast ... her shirt cling to she soak body as steckler move down on she ... kiss she tummy , he hand caress she rear ... she reach harder - but still can not get the key to its hook ... steckler be hand move up carter inner thigh - higher - higher - she eye widen as she make a herculean effort - and get the key on it 's hook ... instantly she move back - anxious not to look too obvious , yet try to get he off she as quick as she can . she take he hand , kissing they - he force to she breast , but slowly she pull away , smile to he ... she step from the shower ... steckler be absolutely dumbstruck - steckler what wrong ... what have I do wrong ? carter nothing leslie - I just think we should wait ... steckler ( explode ) wait for what !? carter jump at steckler be outburst ... steckler what do you want !? it be not fair !! carter be obviously scared - but she try she best ... ( continued ) 144 continued ( 2 ) : carter leslie ?! that 's not the way grow adult act - she step forward - she take a towel and dry he ... carter they understand each other - the time be not right - tonight will be right - I have some woman thing to take care of before we do anything . steckler look confuse ... carter tonight will be the night - ( mother ) now get dress and get off to work steckler obey and begin drying himself off ... carter exit . steckler stand in the shower for a moment before climb out and grasp he key , put it round he neck . he look at the steam up mirror and wipe a tiny bit away - he look at he reflection . 145 ext day 66 acacia avenue - carter stand at the front door as steckler leave , pull out of the drive ... she smile and wave goodbye - he wave back ... and then he be go down the street . carter smile soon disappear ... 146 int day hallway / bathroom - she enter the bathroom and snatch the key imprint from the shelf - she examine they - two perfect impression ... 147 int day carter room / steckler' room - ( kitting up montage ) we see carter digging out old clothes , she get a letter from steckler be room and practice forging steckler be wife 's signature . she file down a blank key from the impression that be leave in the putty , she look at photo of steckler be wife , she try a wig on ... different clothes ... 148 int day live room / kitchen - ( kitting up montage ) carter slide a large knife down the side of the settee . she check she gun , make sure everything work . she hide a bullet clip on top of a dresser in the live room ... 149 int day carter room - ( kitting up montage ) carter put heavy make - up on , look at a photo of steckler and he wife . she change into clothes which look similar and put the wig on . finally , she put a pair of dark sunglass on ... 150 ext day 66 acacia avenue - for all intent and purpose , mrs L steckler leave the house ... 151 ext day bank - carter appear outside the bank - take a deep breath and walk in . 152 int day bank foyer - once inside the bank , carter be plunge into a tunnel . her heart pound , everyone move in slow motion , there be silence aside from the pound of she heart and she own heavy footstep . she see guard which she do not see last time . everyone be look at she - or be they ? slowly she walk toward the counter and the teller girl . teller girl May I help you ? carter do not answer - she be fight the urge to turn and leave now . teller girl May I help you ? carter speak up , in a perfect English voice ... carter ( produce key ) yes , I would like to open my safety deposit box please . my name be angela steckler , mrs ... the girl take the key and scribbles down she name . teller girl one moment please . she disappear across the room . carter look round at the bank , the door , the camera , the alarm ... she look over to where the girl go . to she horror , she see she talk to the manager . the manager nod to the girl and look over at carter . carter instantly look away , adjust she glass . maybe she should cut she loss and run . 152 continued : but it 's too late - the manager be walk over . manager hello mrs steckler - we have not see you for a long time carter no - I have be abroad for a long time ... the manager busy himself with paperwork ... manager there have be some change since you be last here - we now require a signature . the manager produce a pen and form - wait for carter to sign - he obviously think something be wrong ... manager I should not say this - but you really remind I of someone I know carter oh really - you must remember I from when I be a regular customer . manager I be not a manager here then mrs steckler - do not you remember ? carter I be terribly sorry - I have a bad memory ... carter take the pen and produce a signature . manager no - it 's someone I meet recently ... the manager pick it up , smile . he compare it with the specimen signature he have - he examine for what seem to be a age ... he then check a passport size photo against carter ... manager could you remove you sunglass please ? ( continued ) 152 continued ( 2 ) : slowly , carter remove she sunglass - look he squarely in the face . the manager look down at the photo once more ... manager Fine - could you follow I mrs steckler the manager lead she round to a big steel door which he open . carter realise that she be effectively walk into a prison - but she have no choice ... 153 int day deposit bank - the manager take both key and locate the safety deposit box . he look at carter key manager this must be one of the old key - carter yes - I have have it for year . the manager slot the key into the keyhole and slowly turn . carter hair be stand on end - will the key work . there be a little resistance before - click ... the manager smile at carter . 154 int day viewing cubicle - carter put the box on the desk in she private view room and eagerly open it up . as she have hope , there be a map , a polaroid etc inside . there be also more grisly item - small bottle with body part embalm in they ... she empty the entire content into she bag ... 155 ext day bridge - carter walk across a bridge which span a river . she pause for a beat before glance each way - its clear - she pick up two brick , dump they in the bag . she feel the weight before heaving it over the side and toss it into the river ... it disappear without trace 156 int night hallway - the doorway open and steckler step in , hold a bunch of flower and a bottle of wine ... ( continued ) 156 continued : confused , steckler try to switch on the light - but they do not work . he enter , light from outside lamp casting huge shadow ... steckler ellen ? ellen , I be home ... but there be no answer ... confused , he place the wine down on a table and continue into the house ... steckler ellen , be you there ? there be a slight noise come from the kitchen - and light too . steckler head for it . 157 int night kitchen - steckler step into the kitchen doorway . there be a woman with she back turn to he do house work ... slowly , the woman turn round . steckler be face be fill with fright as he see he wife - steckler angela ? it can not be - I kill you ... carter raise the gun , pull the wig off without warning , she let fly several round - but the gun jam . steckler be hit , squarely in the shoulder , blood spraying all over the wall . he fall back into the darkness . carter wrestle with the gun - finally get it to cock . she move swiftly to the door where steckler be body lay - but he be go . suddenly , the shadow hold more than fear - they hold steckler ... as if on cue - the kitchen light go out - carter be leave in the darkness - she heart pound . voice of steckler ellen - why be you try to hurt I ! why ? have you go mad ? carter ( scream ) shut up you sick fuck ! she step forward , become the hunter ... ( continued ) 157 continued : steckler I do not want either of we to come to any harm - please ... carter you kill my friend ! carter suddenly see steckler in the shadow - aim and fire a full clip at he ... the mirror shatter - carter realise she be shoot at a reflection . she eject the clip and nervously insert the next ... her body be tremble with fear . steckler please ellen - put the gun down ... she walk down the hallway - each step feel like a million mile . 158 int night kitchen - we see a hand grip around a pair of scissors ... steckler do not look too good - blood and sweat streak . he open a cupboard and rummage around . he find what he need , some pain killer . he unscrew the jar , crack open several tablet and pour the powder onto he hand . he rub it into he shoulder wound - he scream out in mortal agony - 159 int night hallway - carter spin round , point the gun . she be suddenly completely afraid - she breathe be labour , if she do not calm down , she 's go to give herself away ... she wait ... silence ... suddenly , steckler hurl himself from the darkness at carter - she gun be knock from she hand and spin off behind she ... steckler land heavily on she - he eye wild . they tumble backward , brawling on the floor . carter scream out in pain as she leg double over , a loud crack sound can be hear . her hand grapple in the darkness and she find a door stop . she grab it , swinging it hard and hit steckler on the head . steckler slump backward , daze but alive ... ( continued ) 159 continued : carter drag herself back to the shadow where the gun fall . she search for it - discover it under a small telephone stool . she snatch it , cock it . steckler look up and see carter with the gun . with incredible agility and silence , he leap for the doorway and be back in the shadow before carter can aim . carter point the gun out - she back to the wall . for the moment she be relatively safe ... but only for the moment . she bend she leg back , fight to contain the pain . she grapples with the gun once more - it be jamme . she eject the unspent bullet to the floor . her clip be now empty . she eject it and discover the reason for the jam - the clip spring hang out loosely ... she have no bullet leave ! 160 int night live room - carter crawl into the live room , to the cabinet on top of which she hide the last clip . she try to climb up to reach it , but she cannot . she look round - the settee - she plunge she arm down and retrieve the knife . she sit back to take a breath - at all time look round . she look into the kitchen and spot the empty clip she use earlier . she look round at the telephone stool - and spot the unused bullet she eject . she have a idea , 1+1=2 ... she slide the knife into she pocket like a sheath 161 int night carter room - we see the white of carter dress which steckler have buy for she - a droplet of blood fall onto it . we pull wider to reveal stocking , stiletto and a hat ... all neatly arrange on the bed in the form of a woman lie down . steckler stand above it - blood drip down he arm which grasp a pair of scissors ... 162 int night hallway - carter fumble for the bullet on the floor . she grasp it and instantly begin to crawl to the kitchen - to the bullet clip and she only hope . 163 int night carter room - steckler be stand over the bed . slowly he look over he shoulder ... 164 int night kitchen - carter have make it to the kitchen . she rest up against the cabinet and fumble with the clip . there be a movement in front of she - way down the hall . she see steckler - the glint of scissors in he hand . his grip tighten as he begin to walk toward she ... she fumble with the bullet , get it into the clip ... but it wont go ... she begin to climb to she foot .. steckler begin to walk faster ... the bullet slip in and carter ram the clip into the gun , stand erect with the aid of the cabinet behind ... steckler be get closer and move faster - he eye wild carter rack the gun , but it jam - she look up in horror - steckler be almost upon she ... she rack harder ... tear of frustration and terror in she eye . carter ( to gun ) come on !!! the gun go off , hit carter in she leg . a huge gout of blood spatter to the floor ... she scream in pain - steckler in anger !!! and it be too late - steckler be upon she ... he crash into she , grab she by the lapel and she drop the gun . he look at she sympathetically before kissing she . carter offer no resistance - she be a beat woman . steckler I love you ellen - why do you do this ? carter it 's what you would do to I carter remember the knife in she pocket . her finger slide around the handle and she pull it out . she stab steckler in the back , but it do not go in very far . steckler wince in pain - then smile ... steckler ( smiling ) pain be a illusion ... ( continued ) 164 continued : steckler step back , bring up the scissors . carter see she moment , he foot tangle in the rug below . she raise she arm - steckler confuse . she caress he face gently before give he a slight push backwards . steckler try to balance himself , but he foot will not let he ... he begin to topple backwards , he arm flail out for something to grab onto - but there be nothing . with gather speed , he fall back - arcing like a huge statue ... the knife still in he back impact with the floor and be drive right though he body . steckler be body twitches life ebb away . carter slump to the floor - she vision blur . she pass out . 165 int night hospital - carter eye flicker open . her face have be clean as she rest on white hospital pillow and sheet . she look up see the round examination light above - she focus clear and she frown . she realise that she be in no hospital - she be strapped into she own live room chair which have be drag into the kitchen . her wound have be dress and clean - but she waist , ankle and wrist be bound . and she be wear the white dress , blood smear and dirty now ... the door swing open and steckler shuffles in - the image of death and evil incarnate . his face be pale , smear with bizarre make - up , eyeshadow , blusher and mascara - a image of pathetic misguide sexuality . he be drain of blood , he shirt red and clammy . he carry a bizarre canister and some silver tool which carter seem to recognise . she realise that they be the dentistry tool steckler have in he room ... carter writhes - but she be firmly strapped . steckler shuffles over , he head move loosely on he shoulder . carter manage to get a finger free on she right hand ... she gently work on a second ... steckler smile to she , he voice be deep and gurgle as he lung have begin to fill with blood . ( continued ) 165 continued : steckler I have a look while you be asleep ( pause !) I think that I be go to have to have two root canal do ... he raise he hand , the drill whirring into terrifying life !!! carter have to think fast ... she smile as best she can and open she leg as much as the strap will allow ... carter do not you want I now leslie steckler no - I will have you after steckler step forward - carter violently writhe and try to get free - she manage another finger ... steckler produce another strap which he use to hold down she head ... steckler lean forward , bring the drill up close ... steckler open wide ... but carter will not open she mouth . steckler do not bother , he ram the drill into she lip ... carter scream out in pain as steckler insert the drill into she mouth . blood spurt as she violently battle to get free ... steckler withdraw ... he begin to change the drill bit - to a miniature rotary see blade ... steckler this one be use for cut through tooth and bone ... he turn , the blade whirring . carter manage to get she arm free and punch steckler in the bullet wound . he scream out , recoil and drop he whirring drill . it land on carter and dance around like a man snake ... carter grab it and cut she other arm free - then she leg . but steckler be soon back , grab she around the throat - carter topple he over and he land on the chair - the whirring drill between they . carter be stronger and the tip of the blade begin to cut into steckler be nose , a fine spray of crimson spattering steckler be face . ( continued ) 165 continued ( 2 ) : steckler manage a enormous push , throw carter to the floor , dazing she ... he turn round and reach behind the chair . he produce a large axe , brandish it maniacally - steckler I always want to do it this way ... he raise the axe high above carter . the house begin to rumble as a jet climb overhead . for a moment , steckler be distract . carter spot the spade which steckler have bury he victim in the garden with . she leap for it , grab it and swinging it . steckler be eye widen ... the spade impact with steckler be head - he head separate from he body , spin through infinity ... 166 int day live room - carter have bandage herself up and fashioned a makeshift splint for she leg . she be brick up the hole in she live room wall - steckler be corpse be dumped unceremoniously in it ... she push the last brick into place ... the doorbell ring ... 167 int / ext day hallway - carter open the front door after cover herself and she leg with a bathrobe . her eye widen - it be mik dress in black with dark glass - she hold out a bunch of flower ... mik this be for leslie ... carter seem a little faint ... 168 int day live room - carter be lower into a chair by mik - carter hold she head , she feel dizzy ... ( continued ) 168 continued : mik what happen ? carter I have a accident - I fall down stair ... mik be leslie here ? carter no he have to - he 's just - he 's out ... mik he save my life you know - have he tell you ... carter want to say what !? , but she 's just too tired ... mik I cut myself with we electric knife - and if leslie have not be there , I would have probably ble to death - he stop the bleed and get I to the hospital - the doctor say ten minute later and I would have be a stiff carter begin to look more distant - she eye wander over to the brick up wall ... mik I would appreciate it if he get the flower - you know - to make matter worse , some bastard break into we flat the other day - the police come round to fingerprint it - they say if they be on record - they will catch they ... mik continue talk about she inane life - carter eye , glaze , wander over to the window - mik 's voice tail off to a non existent echo ... 169 int day 66 acacia avenue - slowly we move backwards - carter sit look out of the window ... we track back , through she back garden . it be very pretty , very normal . a small dog hurriedly dig at something in the rise patch ... a hand and a foot can be see - and the puffed up , half rotted face of the STREET girl who steckler bring back ... 169 continued : dissolve to front STREET - we continue backward - a figure walk up the path - inspector taylor - we continue ... voice of newsreader police have announce that a woman , as yet unidentified , be help they with they inquiry into the white angel killing - the woman be apprehend after she finger print be discover on a hammer , which belong to she - the same hammer that be use to beat jane macdonald to death last month . a brief search of the area produce more mutilate body , in the garden and brick up in the wall of the house ... the news have be meet with .... ( Long report which tail off ) we continue into the street ... back ... back ... until the screen be fill with house just like carter - thousand of cold , silent house . Roll credit the end