the hill have eye written by Alexandre aja &amp ; Gregory levasseur base on the original film by wes craven feb 14 05 ext . desert hill - day open on a geiger counter scan over a rocky terrain . a sand STORM blow over the landscape . we be lose somewhere in the middle of the New Mexico desert . accord to the instrument , the area contain high level of radiation ... three men wearing full anti -radiation suit have leave they jeep behind to collect sample of contaminate rock . not at all worried or bother by the dust storm or high wind , they walk towards the hill . the man hold the counter stop in he track - man 1 ( loudly through the STORM ) alright , guess . man 2 i'd say 43.9 ? man 1 it's over 124.5 ! man 2 it's got to be off . ( walking away ) that's three time higher than the fallout in CHERNOBYL ... - man 3 ( follow he colleague ) yeah . probably need some adjustment . man 2 ... can't trust the digital one ... man 1 ( stand still ) no ... it 's something else ... it 's like the radioactivity be move around we . the number on the dial continue to fluctuate . where be this intensity come from ? ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 he turn around , see nothing but sand and rock through he mask . suddenly , for no apparent reason , the geiger counter get louder as the number skyrocket . in confusion , he tap on the instrument attempt to stabilize it , but the radioactivity continue to climb ... he look up to the horizon obscure by the sand storm - still nothing in sight . he sigh . his colleague be probably right , the geiger counter simply need a adjustment ... he turn it off when a man cover with blood , half naked , come out of nowhere and jump at he face - man help I ... help I , please help I ! scare to death , the scientist push he away and back off . the man cover by blood fall on the ground and start cry , begging for help . the scientist do not have time to react - the rusty point of a pickaxe come through the back of he mask and out of he forehead ! terrify , the man cover with blood watch the scientist 's dead body - fall to the ground revealing , for a quick second , a dark shape flashing in the SUN . CUT to : in the distance , the other scientist continue they work , oblivious to the attack . kneel behind a rock , they make a discovery - man 2 what the hell be it ? with he hand , one of the scientist remove the dust around some skeletal remains . man 3 they look human ... the strange shape of the bone and skull make it impossible to tell whether they be human or animal . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) a shadow appear above they - man 2 ( without turn around ) look what we find . have you ... the pickaxe swing through he back . impale like a piece of meat , he body be swept into the AIR only to be slammed against the rock ... blood splatter on the third man , who step back suffocating with fear behind he mask . the shadowy figure continue the assault on man 2 , finish he off . powerless to stop ' the massacre , the last scientist run away in a panic . at the top of the hill , he appear , out of breath . he do not have time to climb the rock as he be pull down , scream in he mask . CUT to : the scientist ' Jeep take off drag behind it the three body in they radiation suit and the dead body of the other man ... 2 open credit on 2 a thick , juicy steak land on a hot skillet . we be in a 1950' commercial for nuclear ENERGY - while prepare dinner , the perfect housewife present the kitchen of tomorrow by praise all the benefit of nuclear energy . she be join by she husband , they child , and they dog . the entire family sit at the table with big smile . the frame freeze on this naive image of prosperity and well be . a slogan appear : " nuclear ENERGY , try it ... we did ! " classified stock footage replace the commercial - this new image be of nuclear test perform by the US Army in the New Mexico desert during the same period - ( continued ) 4. 2 continued : 2 Old mining town be evacuate by soldier . they inhabitant be round up like cattle and load into truck . somewhere else , prefabricate town fill with test dummy be eradicate by atmospheric explosion ... cage animal use for experiment be carbonize by nuclear wave . scientist study the evolution of certain radiate species ... in a split second , gigantic crater be form in the middle of the desert . explosion destroy everything in they path leave behind only a giant nuclear mushroom , beautiful and terrifying ... fade to black . 3 ext . desert hill - sunrise 3 super : new mexico - today the sharp outline of the hill appear with the first morning light . the sun begin to rise revealing - a long desert horizon stretch out endlessly . nothing life in this and wilderness . 4 ext . gas station - day 4 a road curve through the desert terrain . on the side of the road , at the bottom of a hill , a gas station have survive year of wind and dust . around the main building , a tool shed , three gas pump , a dilapidate well , a water tower , and gut carcass of car from the 1950 's accentuate the desolate feel which prevail in this place . a sign read " last stop for 200 mile " . a few tumbleweed roll across the road . 5 int . gas station room - day 5 beam of light slice through the shutter . ( continued ) 5 . 5 continued : 5 kriiink kronk - a metal grind noise be hear outside . kriiink kronk - the noise become regular . in the darkness we discover a room hardly furnish . the withere and yellow wallpaper flap slowly in the draft . on the dresser , dozen of empty liquor bottle . kriiink kronk - on the bed , the old gas station attendant lay with he back to the window . kriiink kronk - the noise outside continue steadily without disturbing he sleep . kriiink kronk - suddenly , the old man wake up short of breath and look around try to locate the noise . kriiink kronk - he look through the shutter , then quickly put on the top of he gas station overall . he grab a shotgun , load it swiftly . 6 int . gas station - day 6 kriiink kronk - the metal grind noise increase as we move towards the gas station door . the door open and the old man walk out hold he gun . nobody . silence have return . the metal grind be go . the lever from the water well still move . it's just be used ! Hidden behind the house someone or something observe the old station attendant walk slowly to the well . drip ... drip ... drip ...- water fall on the palm of he hand . worried , the old man scan the surroundings . he be not alone . old gas attendant Ruby ? be that you ?! Ruby ? the sun be already high above , the heat wave shimmer over the desert . the old gas station attendant move away from the road towards the hill . ( continued ) 6 . 6 continued : he stop by a break fence which be bent halfway to the ground . on a rusty sign next to a atomic symbol , we can read : military zone - no trespassing - risk of radiation old gas attendant ( cont 'd ) ( towards the hill ) ruby ! ru -by ! on the side of the hill , - the entrance to a condemned nineteenth century mine . he approach the mine and look through the wooden plank barring its entrance . old gas attendant ( cont 'd ) ruby ? his echo be the only sound that can be hear from the depth ... he aim the shotgun , ready to open fire . old gas attendant ( cont 'd ) if that's you jupiter , I got a buckshot for ya ... you hear I ?! behind the gas station , someone observe the old man come back to the house . a expensive leather bag be place in front of he door during he absence . the old man look - around terrify . diligently , he enter the house leave the bag on the ground . on second think , the door reopen and the bag be drag inside . 7 int . gas station - day 7 the shutter be all close leave the station in darkness . the old man throw the leather bag on the dining table and set down the shotgun . he take a cigar from a ashtray and light it . he grab a whisky bottle . ( continued ) 7. 7 continued : 7 after a solid gulp , he turn on a bare light - bulb hang over the table , and stare at the bag in silence . one more swig for courage , and the old man empty the bag on the table - jewel , a swiss watch , a dv cam , glass , several cell phone , a pager , loose cash , credit card , a wallet ... .a few gold teeth , and a ear on which hang gold earring . he grab the wallet and pull out a photo already stick out . on the bent picture , we see a young couple kissing . the young woman wear the same earring find on the severe ear ... the old man heave a sigh before put the wad of cash in he pocket . outside , a voice be hear . man ( o.s. ) someone there ?! the voice be follow by a car horn . the old man quickly gather the object from the table return they to the bag . 8 ext . gas station / road - day 8 a 1988 airstream trailer home hitched to a chevrolet suv be park in front of the gas station . big bob carter , a impose man in he late fifty , stand outside the vehicle still honk the horn . the trailer home and suv with the american flag wave on the side , complete the image - Big Bob be a obvious cliche of the middle class Republican father with a touch of John Wayne . big bob where the hell be everybody ? I be gonna ... before he can finish he sentence , the old gas station man appear . big bob ( cont 'd ) ah , there you be . fill it up and check the fluid my friend . ( continued ) 9. 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 old gas attendant California ? sure do not take the fastest road ! ethel my crazy husband absolutely have to see the desert . old gas attendant nothing to see in the desert . Big Bob glare at the old man who fill up the tank while still chew on he cigar . big bob you know , it 's illegal to smoke around a gas station . the old man burst out in laughter revealing rotten tooth . 9 int . trailer - day 9 Inside the trailer home , doug bukowski , 32 , Lynn 's husband , try to fix the break a /c . his glass and white oxford shirt drench in sweat , Doug be totally out of he element . this be a guy who have never be out of the city . use a Phillips screwdriver , he forcibly remove the front grill to access the mechanism . the heat and incessant barking wear on Doug 's nerve . doug piece of shit ! why could not we fly like normal people ? lynn relax Doug , please . it 's they silver anniversary and they be so happy you be here . doug please , you parent can not stand I . lynn you be wrong . they love you . ( continued ) 10 . 9 continued : 9 doug we could have take they on a cruise . lynn yeah , that 's a great idea . why do not you plan it ? doug what 's that suppose to mean ? lynn never mind . Lynn grab the milk bottle from its heater . doug maybe I should not have even come . lynn Doug , please stop . I never ask you for anything , ok ? ( she look at the baby ) well see how happy you be when Catherine come along on we 25th anniversary . she walk out . doug ( to himself ) it will not be in a shitty trailer home - that 's for sure . lynn ( o.s. ) I hear that ... 10 int . suv - day 10 in the back seat , brenda , 17 , sleep against the window . a twig tickle she nose . without open she eye , the young girl slap she face as to chase away a fly . but the twig persist - it 's she little brother , bobby , 15 , teasing she . linkin Park blast through he ipod . Lynn knock on the window , interrupt he little game . ( continued ) 11 . 10 continued : 10 lynn if you want to use the restroom , it 's now or never . Bobby remove he headphone and push Brenda . bobby wake up , lard ass . 11 ext . gas station - day 11 behind the gas station , Brenda play with a albino piglet tie to a rope . brenda Bobby , come look at this . Bobby join she . brenda ( cont 'd ) ( hold the animal ) oh my god ! poor thing . bobby you two make a perfect pair . Bobby turn to a rusty car and unzip to urinate . brenda do not pee there ... bobby why not ? brenda ( point to a small wooden outhouse ) hello ? bobby God , what do you care ? Bobby re-zip and head towards the small wooden outhouse while Brenda play with the baby pig . brenda piggy , piggy , piggy ... someone observes her from the corner of the house . 12 . 12 ext . cas station / road - day 12 in front of the gas station , Lynn lean on the car give Catherine a bottle . Big Bob open the hood while the old man continue to fill the tank . at the same time , Doug come out of the trailer hold he cell phone . doug ( to the old man ) Excuse I sir , do you have a phone I can use ? I can not get a signal around here and ... Big Bob interrupt . big bob give . the phone a rest , bukowski ! doug sorry Bob , " duty call " ... lynn honey , you have not put that phone down since we leave . doug this be why I do not go on vacation . they be lose without I . big bob stop be at everyone 's beck and call , bukowski . you be the boss , remember ? ethel . I be sure all that important business can wait till next week . Doug give up . he kiss Lynn and take the baby from she . lynn ( to doug ) be you wear sunblock ? the sun 's so strong . 13 . 13 int . suv - day 13 while they be talk outside , a deformed hand slide into the back window of the suv . a hand with only three strangely proportioned finger . it move slowly , snatching bobby's hooded sweater from the back seat . SMALL voice ( o.s. ) ( whispering ) .annnnaaaaau ... under the car the visitor 's foot walk way . they be bare , dirty and cover with dust . 14 int . / ext . outhouse - day 14 Ray of light pass through the wooden plank . the outhouse be so dirty that Bobby be force to hold he breath ... a eye peek between the wooden plank ! bobby jump - bobby what the hell Brenda ! the eye go away ... he re-zip look outside . nobody . when he exit , Brenda appear on the other side . bobby ( cont 'd ) freak . she look at he slightly confuse ... brenda what ? 15 ext . gas station / road - day 15 Doug sit on the porch give the baby she bottle . the old gas station attendant check the oil and the water . , ethel join he , hold a road map . ( continued ) 14 . 15 continued : 15 ethel how far be we from 1- 88 ? old gas attendant you be at least six or seven hour away ' from there . ethel give she husband a dirty look . ethel I tell you we should have go through Santa Fe . you never listen to I . old gas attendant this be the only southbound road that go to 1 - 88 . from there you can take the 231 West to California . but you will never make it before sundown ... big bob do not bother I . I have night patrol for almost fifteen year ... old gas attendant you a cop ? big bob detective ... ethel ( with a smile ) not anymore . thank God ! big bob I be start a private security firm ... the old man turn to Doug - old gas attendant you a cop too ? doug who I ? no way . I be in telecommunication . a beat . old gas attendant huh ... make money in that ? ( continued ) 15 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 doug everybody 's gotta have a cell phone ... old gas attendant well you will not find any customer around here . doug no kid ... as the old man close the hood , a familiar sound return - kriiink kronk - kriiink kronk - kriiink kronk he lean over and catch Bobby and Brenda in the distance , play with the well . Brenda be about to drink from she hand . old gas attendant ( shouting to they ) don't drink that water , miss . it ain 't no good . ( to ethel ) she will get sick . ethel you hear that brenda ? don't drink the water ! Big Bob walk to the old man . big bob what do - I owe you ? the old man look at the gas pump . old gas attendant 36 dollar ... doug let I pay , Bob . big bob ( offended ) keep you money bukowski , I can still afford . the gas ! doug that 's not what I mean ... ( continued ) 17 . 16 continued : 16 there be another room behind the counter , and the bead curtain which separate the two room be still move . lynn ( cont 'd ) beauty ? come on , sweetie ... no answer . cautiously , Lynn move through the store to the bead curtain . above the cash register , a old sepia photograph of a miner stare at she . lynn ( cont 'd ) beauty ? Lynn go into the other room . in the darkness , among the old empty bottle , she find beauty stand with she front leg on a window sill and bark to the backyard . Lynn look outside - nobody . only the desert and hill . Inside the room , the half OPEN expensive leather bag lay alone on the table awaken she curiosity . as she go to inspect it , she hear the suv start and Doug call out - doug ( o.s. ) honey !? we be leave ... Lynn grab the dog by the collar . lynn ( not convinced ) come on , beauty . there 's nothing here ... she turn around and run into - the old gas station attendant , staring at her . old gas attendant May I help you miss ? lynn sorry , we dog get out ... she will not stay put ... a car horn break the silence . ( continued ) 16 continued : ( 2 ) doug ( 0.s . ) honey ? what be you do ?! lynn ( yelling outside ) i'm coming ! the old man let she pass with the dog , watch she with suspicion - have she see the content of the bag ? 17 ext . gas station - day 17 through the gas station window , we see Lynn leave with the dog . outside , next to the rusty abandon car , the piglet have disappeared . only the rope remain . a murmur be heard as a shadow pass slyly on the floor . 18 ext . gas station / road - day 18 Lynn put the dog in the trailer where Doug and Bobby be . she enter the suv . behind the wheel , Big Bob turn around one last time before drive off - big bob let 's go ! knock knock the old man knock on the window . Big Bob open - old gas attendant ( slightly mocking ) be not it illegal to have people in a trailer while you be drive , " my friend " ? ethel he 's right , Bob . big bob I be fully aware of the drive law . old gas attendant have a safe trip . Big Bob smile back and start the engine . big bob everyone ready ? ( continued ) 19 . 18 continued : 18 the old man stop he - old gas attendant you know , it 's not on the map , but if you take a right at the road a couple mile from here , it will lead you through the hill . probably save you three or four hour . big bob thanks for the tip . CUT to : the trailer drive off in the distance leave the attendant in a cloud of dust . the old man look to the hill , take a deep breath ... 19 ext . mine entrance - day 19 the wind blows over the rocky hill while we move toward the entrance of the old abandoned mine . the camera pass through the wooden plank block the entrance and move into the depth . darkness . fade in : 20 ext . hill - day 20 Pov through binocular from the hilltop . the binocular pan across the desert terrain before stop on the Carter vehicle , a tiny dot at the end of the road . the car and trailer approach . off screen , we hear animalistic breathing behind the binocular . the suv turn off the main road onto a dirt trail . we see Brenda lift the gate and allow the vehicle to access the path , unaware of the danger lurking about . Brenda get back in the suv . it pull the trailer on the dirt road towards the hill . man' voice ( o.s. ) .. lizard ?!... lizard ?! dinner 's on the way ... ( continued ) 20 . 20 continued : 20 goggle , the man behind the binocular , talk into a walkie - talkie . his voice be rough and deep . his pronunciation be poor and we cannot understand everything he say ... goggle ( o.s. ) ( in the walkie ) just get on the road ... a chevy and a trailer ... 21 int . trailer - day 21 we see the scenery through the window blind . on a wall , photograph of other Carter vacation be reminder of the good time spend in the trailer home . the thermometer read above 100 degree . sweating , Doug hang on while the camper bounce over the rough road . Bobby work on the a/c . he have remove the face plate and try to fix the motor with the screwdriver . doug ( clean he glass ) I try for a hour but I could not get it cold in here . click - the light turn on and the a/c start . bobby ( proudly ) there ! a breeze of cool air circulate through the trailer . on the table , two parakeet fly about they strapped - down cage . bobby ( cont 'd ) it be nothing ... the thermostat be disconnect . he turn to Doug . doug how do you know all this stuff ? bobby I do not know . doug well , at least we can breathe now . ( continued ) 21 . 21 continued : 21 Bobby set down the screwdriver under the sleeper and sit next to the dog . Doug grab a cigarette . bobby I think you stop smoking ? ( no answer ) do my sister know ? doug ( lighting it with a smile ) fuck she ! bobby ( teasing ) Big Bob would kill you if he know you be smoking in he " 88 airstream " ... doug ( playing back ) fuck he too . you want one ? Doug extend the pack . Bobby hesitates before reach for one , but Doug pull the pack away at the last moment . doug ( cont 'd ) yeah right , if you start smoking you sister would cut my nut off . bobby ( after a pause ) it 's cool that you come with we . it 's a drag when it 's just we and we parent ... doug hey , I like see you parent ... Bobby be surprised . doug ( cont 'd ) . in picture ! 22 ext . SW / hill road - day 22 under a " too perfect " blue sky , the Carter vehicle pass through the barren landscape , lift a cloud of dust . ethel ( o.s. ) I think we be somewhere on this blue road ... ( continued ) 22 . 22 continued : 22 lynn ( o.s. ) Mom , we be not on the blue road or any other road . he say it be not on the map , remember ? in the distance , a lizard move through some rock before head across the road unconcern by the approach car . brenda ( o.s. ) dad , you should not have listen to that guy . we be lose . big bob ( o.s. ) look how beautiful it be here girl ... the hill , the color ... it 's amazing . imagine the first people who cross this desert . they have no idea where they be go . brenda neither do we , dad . on the road , the lizard continue carve a dusty path . 23 int . suv - day / intercut with the lizard 23 Close up on the radio dial move back and forth unsuccessfully in search of air wave ... in the back seat , Brenda , annoyed , sit stare at the pass scenery . ethel do not drive so fast Bob , you might lose the camper ... brenda ( to herself ) .this be fuck ... ethel hey ... watch you mouth , young lady . ( to she husband ) will you please back I up here ? lynn ( calming thing down ) relax , Mom . we be all just tired . ( continued ) 23 . 23 continued : 23 brenda you grow up in the 60' . how can you be so uptight ?! still drive , Big Bob turn to he daughter - big bob ( slyly ) she be not like that before ... you should have see she when she be you age . ( to he wife ) do you remember honey ? ethel ( playfully ) oh , stop it ... big bob she remember ... 24 ext . hill road - day 24 the lizard have almost cross the road when - shling !- razor sharp metal spire come out of the ground slice the lizard in two . a trap have be set : a long chain of retractable spike have emerge across the road . a few second later , the SW drive over they at full speed . instantly , the tire explode . Big Bob lose control of the vehicle . the car roll on the rim cause the trailer to almost flip over . Inside , Doug lose he grip and be throw against the side of the trailer . on the road , the spike retract , disappear into the ground . the SW and the trailer home zigzag on the dirt road before crashing against some rock . silence . the chain of spike slither away in the dust like a snake . ( continued ) 24 . 24 continued : 24 no trace remains of what cause the accident . the dead lizard , slice neatly in half , bake in the hot sun . 25 ext . trailer - day 25 the dust slowly settles revealing the break down vehicle . Lynn jump out of the car and run to the trailer . lynn doug? Bobby ? be you alright ? Bobby open the door release the bark dog . bobby do not worry , we be fine . doug ( still shaken ) what the hell happen ?! where 's Catherine ? lynn she 's fine . Mom have she . doug I know this be not gonna be safe for the baby . lynn the heat must have cause a blow out . doug be you all right ? lynn I think so ... just a little shake up . Bobby walk around the car evaluate the damage - the suv tire be shred - the rim bury into the ground . bobby Holy shit ! ( mocking ) I hope they have triple a out here ... ( continued ) 25 . 25 continued : 25 on the other side of the trailer , Brenda have get out and regain she sense . she take a few step , take in the land surround they ... the lunar terrain of sand and rock extend beyond the horizon . in the distance , only the jag hill be cut out against the sky . something ominous and indescribable life in this place ... behind the trailer , Doug walk off with he cell phone . doug 97 % nationwide coverage , and we have to find ourselves in that 3 % ... he search desperately for a signal , extend he arm forward . Lynn grab he tenderly by the waist . doug ( cont 'd ) ( stare to the lifeless horizon ) you father want to see the desert ... lynn Doug ... doug I hope he 's enjoy himself . on he knee , by the suv tire , Big Bob inspect under the vehicle ... not only be the tire flatten , but the front axel have buckle from hit the rock . big bob ( to ethel ) how be I suppose to drive with you talk my ear off ? I be pull a trailer on a dirt road and it 's 200 degree out here ! behind he , ethel walk with the baby who have stop cry . ethel oh , so now it 's my fault ? Doug join they . doug so what 's the damage , General ? ( continued ) 26 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 big bob the damn axel be break ... doug can we fix it ? big bob with what ? the frame be completely twisted ... give I you phone , I be gonna call a tow truck ... doug I already try . I be not get a signal . ethel can we use the C /b ? big bob that old thing ? give it a try , but this be mining country . whatever metal be leave in that hill will probably scramble the signal ... doug what be we go to do ? without answer , Big Bob get back on he foot , wipe he hand and grab a bottle of water from the car . after a long drink - big bob we be go to walk , that 's what ... doug walk ?! but we be mile from anywhere - big bob ( cut he off ) so we wait here for someone to drive by ? have you see a car in the last three hour ?! 26 ext . boulder - day 26 a hundred yard away , Bobby have come to retrieve the dog . beauty and Beast have stop below a boulder extend twenty foot high . they bark and growl towards the top . ( continued ) 28 . 29 continued : 29 further away - ethel I bet this desert be full of rattlesnake ... bobby I see a documentary on the Discovery channel about desert snake . if you get bit , you will die in twenty minute . Big Bob reach into the glove compartment pull out a 9 mm and a extra clip . he hand it to he son . bobby ( cont 'd ) .or be it five ? Bobby grab the firearm point it to the desert . Big Bob grab another gun from the car , a 44 chrome plate magnum . big bob ( with a big smile ) I would like to see how they stack up against this ... ethel bring she husband 's jacket and help he put it on . ethel some thing never change ... big bob ( load he weapon ) I will take my bullet over you prayer any day . bobby you think we will see scorpion and coyote ? Big . Bob grab he son by the shoulder , proud . they look like two kid get ready to play Cowboys and Indians . Bobby call out to Doug , offer the gun - bobby ( cont 'd ) hey Doug , wanna try ? ( continued ) 29 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 doug ( smiling ) oh no ! no thanks buddy ... bobby come on , just one shot , it make you feel kinda powerful . Big Bob answer for Doug - big bob leave he alone son . Doug be a liberal , he would not touch a gun ... obviously , the two man disagree . behind the trailer , Brenda sit on a lounge chair in she bra revealing a sexy body . she apply suntan lotion ready to kill some time . behind she sunglass , she observe the silent desert look like Paris Hilton . Lynn exit the trailer and join she . lynn Catherine just fall asleep . how be you hold up ? brenda ( ironically ) thrill to be here ! lynn yeah , this be a total drag , especially with a baby . brenda I do not care what they say , next year , I be go to Cancun with my friend . no more " family trip " for I ... lynn we be not go to have many more trip like this together ... as for Cancun , you be gonna have to find a job . brenda c'mon , with all the money you husband make , you could at least buy I a plane ticket . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 . 29 continued : ( 3 ) 29 brenda ( cont 'd ) do not you think ? please , for you poor little sister ... Doug 's voice interrupt . doug ( o.s. ) Lynn , can you bring I my jacket honey ? Lynn get up and return to the trailer . brenda ( imitate she sister ) " right away , honey ... " without turn around , Lynn give she sister the finger . Brenda smile with satisfaction . 30 int . trailer - day 30 Lynn find she husband 's jacket and stop when she see a cigarette butt in the sink . she 's piss . she pick it up and throw it away . a flash of light catch she attention outside . she look through the kitchen blind and spot the quick reflection of light come from the top of the hill when - bobby jump up at the window scream ! Lynn fall back against . the kitchen table scared to death . Bobby laugh , pleased with himself . annoy , Lynn shut the blind in he face . 31 ext . trailer - day 31 outside , Doug and Big Bob look at the road map laid out on the ground . doug I will keep walk north . this road 's gotta lead somewhere . Lynn come around with the jacket and see Big Bob and Bobby both hold gun . lynn what be you go to do with that ? big bob it 's always good to be prepare . right ? ( continued ) 31 continued : lynn ( to doug ) be you take a gun too ? Big Bob answer for he . big bob we have only get two and it 's better if you guy have one here . you never know . lynn be you sure you be go to be alright ? Lynn put a fisherman 's hat on Doug to protect he from the sun and kiss he tenderly . big bob if you do not find any help in six or seven mile come back . I will go to the gas station ... ethel it 's almost 3 , you will never be back before sunset . big bob it 's only about ten mile from here . I will borrow that crazy old man 's truck and use he phone if he have one ... do not worry ... I will be back with a tow truck before nightfall . bobby can I go with Doug ? big bob no . stay here with you mother and sister . ( to brenda ) and you , do not tease you brother , he 's in charge now . holding the gun , Bobby wink at he sister who continue to sunbathe . brenda yeah , right . ethel remain silent and worried . ( continued ) 32 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 ethel we should pray before you go - brenda oh please ! ethel be it really too much to ask ? ( turn to she husband ) Bob ? Bob finally agree , and like a good family man , he gather they around . Brenda slip on she shirt and join they . brenda ( grumpily ) thank God nobody 's watch we . in a lower voice , ethel recite a prayer . even though only ethel take it seriously , in that precise moment the argue stop and the family seem united and strong . but see from the surround summit , through goggle 's binocular , the family look small and vulnerable ... behind they the sun begin to descend . doug head northbound on the dirt road , while big bob begins he journey in the opposite direction . 32 int . trailer - later 32 Catherine wake up cry in she crib . lynn hey , little princess . who do not want to sleep anymore ? the baby look at she mother , appease . lynn ( cont 'd ) be you hungry , my angel ? Lynn pick she up and exit the trailer . 33 ext . hill - day 33 goggle grab he 1950 be military walkie - talkie - ( continued ) 33 . 33 continued : 33 goggle ( o.s ) papa jupe ... papa jupe ... Coast be clear . papa jupe' voice ( o.s ) wait ' till it get dark ... on the radio , papa jupe 's voice be deep and distort . devilish . goggle 's binocular Pov on Lynn - she sit down with ethel , unbutton she blouse and breastfeed . 34 ext . trailer - day 34 a table and fold out chair be set up in front of the camper . Lynn continue to feed Catherine . ethel you should not go from the bottle to the breast . at she age she should get use to one or the other . lynn Mom , thanks for the advice , but she 's my baby . vex , ethel remain quiet . lynn ( cont 'd ) it 's start to get cold out here , be not it ? ( try to be nice ) I can not believe you be spend you anniversary strand in the middle of nowhere . brenda I can already see the headline : " family find dead in New Mexico desert . " ethel this place be not so bad . at least the air be fresh . brenda I think it stink . ( continued ) 34 . 34 continued : 34 lynn better than Cleveland ... brenda anything 's better than Cleveland ! ethel ( after a beat ) maybe it be my fault we have this accident ... lynn please , mom. nothing can stop dad when he think he 's find a shortcut . remember when we run out of gas on the " shortcut " to the great Lakes ? how old be I ? 12 , 13 ? ethel this family have certainly see its share of adventure . brenda if we have just stay on the main road we would already be in California ... lynn yeah - what I would do for a shower and a margarita ... brenda the beach ... lynn a real bed ... Bobby sit down at the table . bobby have anybody see my grey sweatshirt ? it be in the car . I have look everywhere . brenda I do not touch you smelly sweatshirt . Beast have be pull on he chain nonstop , while beauty cry softly from inside the trailer . ( continued ) 35 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 lynn why be the dog so excited ? ethel probably some rattlesnake not far away . bobby ( jokingly ) you know how Freud would have interprete you obsession with rattlesnake Mom ? ethel throw she kitchen towel at he . they laugh . a beat , then ethel become sentimental . ethel Brenda 's go off to college . and then , next year , it 's Bobby 's turn ... the house be go to feel so empty ... Lynn grab she mother 's hand - ethel ( cont 'd ) I be really happy that we be all together on this trip . Brenda move to the trailer . beauty be still bark inside . brenda that make one of we . they glare at she as she open the door . bobby Brenda , the dog ! too late . beauty run out in the direction of the hill Bobby drop he plate and give chase . bobby ( cont 'd ) damâ¢nit , Brenda ! beauty ! worried , ethel watch she son distance himself from the camper . ethel ( yelling ) Bobby , come back ! 36 . 35 ext . hill - day 35 beauty escape to the hill . Bobby run as fast as he can but can not keep up . the dog get further and further away , climb up the side of the mountain . beauty move through the first series of rock . Bobby lose sight of she and stop . out of breath , he hesitates - ahead , the rocky horizon show no indication of a definite path . he spot beauty climb between some rock and continue he chase . bobby beauty ! at the bottom of the hill , the rock be too jag for he to continue run . he slow down and begin move past the first set of rock . with much more agility , beauty climb quickly towards the top , disappear behind some rock . bobby ( cont -d ) beauty ? beauty ? nothing . only sharp rock stand before he . suddenly , a high pitched howling SOUND tear through the silence and echoes in the valley . Bobby freeze . no doubt about it - beauty find what she be look for , and it be much stronger ... in the distance , Bobby hear he mother call . 36 ext . trailer - day 36 a few foot from the trailer - ethel bob -by ?! bob -by !? overcome with worry , she turn to she two daughter . ( continued ) 37 . 36 continued : 36 ethel ( cont 'd ) you think he can hear I ? lynn I do not know , Mom . ethel she could not have go that far . Brenda notice the revolver on the table . Bobby be unarm . ethel ( cont 'd ) ( back to the hill ) bob -by ?! 37 ext . hill - day 37 back on a threaten mound of rock . Bobby must decide - return to he family wait by the trailer or continue he search for beauty ? Bobby hesitates , then gather he courage and decide to confront the hill . jag rock after jag rock , Bobby slowly climb towards the summit . 38 ext . rocky labyrinth - day 38 he appear between two big stone reach a intermediate zone before the top - a type of natural labyrinth form in the rock by year of erosion . bobby beauty ? beauty ? Bobby move cautiously . he pick up a big stone for protection - a dangerous animal could be hide behind any corner . a shadow pass behind he .. Bobby do not notice . anaaaaaau - a swift sound of breathe break the silence . Bobby spin around , ready to strike . ( continued ) 38 . 38 continued : 38 no one . just the labyrinth form in the mountain . bobby ( cont 'd ) beauty ? Bobby be ready to give up when something attract he attention - a thin shadow on the ground . someone or something be hide behind a rock . Bobby freeze . he stare at the shadow . who will make the first move ? he make the decision , creep towards the shadow . squeeze the stone , he lift he hand to strike but stop when he discover - a young girl , about 14 , wearing he stolen sweatshirt . she be about five foot tall and frail . the hood cover she head , partly hide she face . she be rather pretty , even with she abnormally large eye ... she tremble , frighten and intrigue by Bobby . what be this girl do in a place like this ? bobby ( cont 'd ) do not ... do not be scared . I will not hurt you ... what be you do here ? the girl keep silent . Bobby drop the stone to the ground but the young girl remain suspicious . bobby ( cont 'd ) so you be the one who take my sweatshirt ? where do you find it ? the young girl smile shyly . the ice be break . bobby ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? the young girl hesitates and murmur in a frail voice . young girl ru ... Ruby ... Ruby ... ( continued ) 39 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 bobby what be you do here Ruby ? where be you parent ? my family need help . we have a accident . Ruby repeat she name mechanically as if she do not understand the question . ruby ( in a low voice ) ru ... Ruby ... Ruby ... Bobby get closer . bobby I hear you , Ruby ... be you here alone ? Ruby will not answer . bobby ( cont 'd ) Ruby ... I be look for my dog ... do you understand ? my dog ... she name be beauty ... she 's a german shepherd , about this high ... ruby beauty ... bobby that 's right , have you see she ? ruby Ruby .. _ Ruby be beauty ... the last sentence make she laugh . a strange agonizing laughter . bobby have you see she ? Ruby look down . she know something . bobby ( cont 'd ) look at I , Ruby ... look at I ... where do you see my dog ? Ruby keep look to the ground . Bobby reach under she chin to raise she head . instinctively , Ruby scream as she back off , lift she hand to protect herself . ( continued ) 40 . 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 her hand look like claw . deformed and missing finger , they be no longer human . frightened , Bobby take a step back . the girl murmur softly . bobby ( cont 'd ) what ? I can not understand . what be you say ? he come closer try to make eye contact as she continue to murmur the same thing . she too be terrify - ruby ( softly ) the hill ... the hill have eye ... the hill have eye ... the hill have eye ... behind he , a small rock slide grab he attention . he turn he head . when he turn back to Ruby , she be go . bobby Ruby , come back ! once more , Bobby be alone in the labyrinth . on the other side , he find a trail of blood as if a body have be drag on the rock . the bloody trail be still fresh and disappear behind another set of rock a few foot away . Bobby hesitates , unsure of what he might find ... as soon as he 's around the outcropping to the other side Bobby see something that stop he dead in he track . before he , on the ground , be beauty . Dead . disembowel . Bobby drop to he knee , disbely , he face turn white . he touch the animal 's head as if to convince himself that this nightmare can not be possible at all . beauty 's face be lock in a grimace of horrible pain and shock . and ... the animal be miss its front right leg . drip ... drip ... drip ... drop of blood fall on Bobby 's hand - above he , perched on a rock , a figure observes he . a man with a impressive build crouch like a monkey . he wear old clothes cover with dust , and a derby hat on he head . binoculars hang around he neck . ( continued ) 41 . 38 continued : ( 4 ) 38 it's goggle . goggle have no face , as if it be totally cover with wax . he have two little hole for nostril and no ear . his mouth be like a open wound slice in he skin . his eye be the only feature which give he any human resemblance at all . use he hand , goggle devour something ferociously - beauty's leg ! terrify , Bobby run away . goggle laugh from he rock . Bobby jump down the hill . from the summit , goggle continue feast . a few yard away , Ruby 's slender silhouette slide between the rock . goggle stop eat , see Ruby , and throw she the remain . Ruby look at the half - eat leg in disgust , and push it away . goggle ( o.s. ) ( rough and deep ) what 's the matter Ruby .. . you do not like dog anymore ? 39 ext . hill - day 39 move at top speed , Bobby descend from the hill , occasionally glance behind he . he jump from one rock to the next . anything to get out of this hellhole . he turn around one too many time and fail to see the sharp precipice ahead . he try to stop , but it 's too late . Bobby slide down a few foot before grab hold of a protrude rock . the rock tear he skin . Bobby try to climb back up , lose he grip . he fall . his head hit the bottom . he lose consciousness . behind he a rattlesnake slither rattling its tail . the snake zip its tongue around he face when - a wooden stick with forked end , trap the snare head to the ground saving bobby from a certain bite . ( continued ) 42 . 39 continued : 39 with the hood of the sweatshirt still over she head , ruby watch the wounded boy tenderly with she big , abnormal eye . CUT to : 40 ext . road - end of the day 40 Close on the red SUN on the horizon . we hear Doug , sing " California dream " a capella . doug " ... all the leave be brown and the sky be gray . I have be for a walk on a winter 's day . I would be safe and warm if I be in l.a ... California dreamin ... " after hour of walk down this road , he face show sign of fatigue . doug ( cont 'd ) I be in la._ California dreamin ... " the lyric resonate throughout the desert . suddenly , he stop sing . doug ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) what the hell ?! in front of he , about a hundre yard ahead , the road end - a mound of earth block the road like a wall , extend hundred of yard on either side . confused , Doug approach the wall and start climb . reaching the top , he take off he sun clip from he glass and try to grasp what 's on the other side - a huge atomic crater , three hundred yard in . diameter . the crater have be turned into a graveyard for car , truck , trailer home , motorcycle ... Doug climb down and wander between the rusted vehicle . Doug light a cigarette before continue he inspection . ( continued ) 43. 40 continued : 40 in the reflection of a shattered rear view mirror , we see he approach another car . Dust completely cover the window . Doug wipe one down to look inside - he notice a baby seat still strapped to the back . the car all seem to be in good condition , as if they be simply push into the crater . he lean down towards another car - barb wire be roll around the flatten tire ... as Doug look around in confusion , try to figure out what this place might be , the camera crane up to a wide aerial shot - revealing five or six other crater . 41 ext . trailer - magic hour 41 it 's get colder . Lynn warm she hand at a fire in front of the trailer . a few foot away , Brenda collect firewood while call out she brother 's name ... brenda bobby ! bob -by ! Inside the camper , ethel watch the sun set in the horizon . she cradle the baby in she arm . Brenda join Lynn and throw some firewood into the flame . brenda ( cont 'd ) ( look at the hill ) we should have go look for he when it be still light out . I be nervous . lynn keep it together Brenda , Mom be already worried enough ... the fire will help Bobby find he way back . brenda what if he do not come back ? maybe he 's hurt . maybe there be a accident ... ( continued ) 44 . 41 continued : 41 lynn he and beauty will find they way back together . Lynn hug she sister . lynn ( cont 'd ) I never think it could be so cold in the desert ... brenda Bobby be only wear a t-shirt when he leave . lynn I know ... 42 ext . gas station - night 42 Cloud pass , revealing a almost full moon . wind blow around the dark gas station . between the break -down car , we see Big Bob approach on the road . a rusty tea pot sit on a pile of trash and whistle in the wind . by place he hand on the spout , Big Bob stop the whistling and silence return . whistle . silence . whistle . Big Bob walk to the porch . big bob hello ! anyone here ?! no answer . he knock on the door . big bob ( cont 'd ) it 's Bob Carter , I get some gas from you a couple of hour ago . still nothing . Big Bob draw he gun and open the door when - silence . from the other side of the house , the whistling have stop . big bob ( cont 'd ) anybody there ? answer I ! after a few second , the whistling return . ( continued ) 45 . 42 continued : 42 Big Bob shrug it off and enter . 43 int . gas station - night 43 holding he gun , Big Bob step into the empty gas station store . a faint light come from the back room . the wind blow dust through the break window ... vigilantly , he move through the empty shelf , behind the counter and past the bead curtain separate the two room . the light bulb above the dining table be on . big bob somebody home ? hello ? Big Bob push the last door lead to the back room . his hand feel for the light switch . click - a old lamp come on in the corner . he find a wall mount phone and pick up the receiver . no tone . big bob ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) dammit ... through the window , Big Bob see a pick - up truck . he start search for the key . go through the different room , he discover a drawer full of money , jewel , watch , credit card ... a real fortune . he spot a key chain hang from a nail next to the desk . he reach for the key when something else grab he attention - partially hide in the dark , he discover a few family photo and a few newspaper clipping from the 1950s pin to the wallpaper . Big Bob light the desk lamp and turn it towards the wall - his face go cold - on the age photo , we recognize the old gas station attendant in he young day , next to he wife and he child - ( continued ) 46 . 43 continued : 43 abnormal child gruesome and deformed by nature ... cleft lip , tumor , uneven extremity , malformation , skin disease , and gangrene of the face ... they be all affected by genetic abnormality . on a more recent polaroid , we can recognize Ruby at 6 year old . besides she three finger and big eye , half of she skull be miss or cave in . another polaroid - in a wheelchair , a little boy have difficulty hold up he hugely disproportionate head . the headline from the clipping make Big Bob understand the origin of this horror - " New Mexico - nuclear enter a new age . " " .. . miner town evacuate " " miner refuse to abandon they land by hide in mine " " military destroy miner 's town . " the old man 's family be . one of that family whose genetic lineage be forever change by the nuclear fallout . Big Bob be shocked , never believe such a thing be possible . a couple of more recent article mention people disappearing in the region . big bob ( cont 'd ) you son of a bitch ... worried for he own family , he grab the key and walk out . from the bedroom window , we see he run to the pick -up truck . 44 int . pick - up truck - night 44 Big Bob slam the door , start the engine and turn on the headlight . the headlight shine on the outhouse . the wooden outhouse door slam back and forth in the wind . something block it from shutting completely - ( continued ) 47 . 44 continued : 44 a foot stick out ... Big Bob exit the vehicle hold he gun and approach . a voice come to he . a man sobbing - man ( o.s. ) ( through he tear ) jupiter ! I got buckshot ... you hear ? big bob ( moving slowly ) be that you mister ? Big Bob kick open the door revealing - the old gas station attendant , in tear , holding he shotgun tightly , ready to shoot at anything ... he's obviously drunk . big bob ( cont 'd ) ( aim he gun at he ) put that weapon down right now mister ! the old man seem mad . big bob ( cont 'd ) I say put that weapon down ! old gas attendant ( lift he eye to Big bob ) my wife ... she do not want to leave ... she would not move to town even when the state police order we to . the kid grow up in the mine ... like animal ... ( smile through he tear ) what kind of place be that for child ? in a split second , the old man set the shotgun under he chin - big bob freeze ! bang ! - the old man' brain splatter in the outhouse ... ( continued ) 48 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 suddenly , voice come from different direction echo around he . voice daddy ... daddy ... daaaddyyy ... daddy .. the voice be horrific and terrifying . Big Bob back up point he gun in they direction . voice ( cont 'd ) daaaaddyyy ... dad-dy ... dad -dy ... big bob who 's there ? voice dad-dy ... dad-dy ... daddy ... dad -dy ... Big Bob can not contain he fear and shoot blindly into the darkness . big bob who 's there ? show yourself ! the voice become louder and louder , omnipresent . voice dad-dy ... dad-dy ... daaaddyyy ... daddy .. daddy ... Big Bob walk backwards to the truck , and trip on the ground . Wide eye , he stand and throw himself on the car door . 45 int . pick - up truck - night 45 panicked , he enter the vehicle and turn the ignition . as the engine turn over - a deep voice right behind he - voice ( calmly ) .. daddy ... in a split second , Big Bob see , in he rear view mirror , a dark hairy figure with evil eye in the backseat - it 's papa jupiter . 49 . 46 ext . pick - up truck - night 46 big bob' face slam repeatedly into the windshield ! the truck shake as Big Bob be attack inside . blood splatter on the window . 47 ext . mine entrance - night 47 bloodie and scream , Big Bob be drag out of the car in the dirt to the entrance of the old mine behind the gas station . Big Bob disappear inside . the night be once again calm and silent . fade to black . 49 int . trailer - night 49 mile away , inside the trailer , ethel wash dish while dinner cook on the stove . suddenly the red light on the c/b turn on and the radio squawks to life , disrupting the silence . she wipe she hand on she apron and site down next to the radio . ethel ( into the mic ) hello ... hello ... can somebody hear I ? please answer if you hear I . hello ? no answer . the radio go silent . Lynn join she , hold the baby . lynn how 's it go ? ethel I hear something . she fiddle with the radio . ethel ( cont 'd ) I be not even sure I know how to use this thing . Lynn hand she Catherine , and sit in front of the C /b. ( continued ) 50 . 49 continued : 49 lynn ( in the mic ) mayday ...mayday ... this be a distress call ... do you copy ? still nothing . 50 ext . trailer - night 50 Lynn 's distress call be hear from the trailer isolate in the middle of the desert . 51 int . trailer - night 51 lynn mayday . . . we be strand in the desert , we need help ...mayday ... suddenly , the light on the c/b turn green and static can be hear . ethel grab she daughter 's hand , hopeful that someone may have hear they . a second later , heavy breathing be hear over the radio . the light turn off . the two woman look at each other in confusion . lynn ( cont 'd ) what be that ? ethel it sound like a animal ... Lynn stand up worried . lynn if animal start answer we radio call , we be really fuck ! ethel watch you language ! lynn give it a rest , Mom . we have more important thing to worry about . she walk out . ethel Lynn , wait . ethel stay alone with the baby . 51 . 52 ext . trailer - night 52 still tie to the trailer , Beast growl and pull on he chain . Lynn raise the collar of she jacket to protect herself from the wind and move closer to the fire . lynn Brenda ? no answer . lynn ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) brenda ?! in the distance , we see Brenda look for she brother . brenda bobby ? bobby ? with a flashlight in one hand , the gun in the other , and a blanket over she shoulder , Brenda move through the night . brenda ( cont 'd ) bobby ? bob -by ? she hear she older sister call . lynn ( o.s. ) Brenda ? Brenda ? brenda I be here ! I will be back in a minute . the flashlight partially light the desert as she disappear into the night . brenda ( cont 'd ) bobby ? bob -by ? 53 ext . hill - night 53 we fly over the hill before stop over Bobby 's unconscious body laid out between two rock . Ruby be still at he side , observe he silently . she hear Brenda 's call and run away . ( continued ) 52 . 53 continued : 53 Bobby slowly open a eye , regain he sense . blood have coagulate on he face . he turn he head in the direction of he sister 's voice , realize that it 's night . how long have he be unconscious ? CUT to : 54 ext . trailer - might 54 the sky be so clear that you can see the milky way above the carter ' trailer home . Beast strain on he chain , a low growl of rage come from he chest . 55 int . trailer - night 55 Inside the trailer - the first aid kit be open on the table . even with a blanket around he shoulder , Bobby shiver . ethel soak cotton in alcohol use it to clean he wound . ethel you be lucky Brenda find you . imagine if you have to spend the whole night out there in the cold . Bobby wince from the pain . brenda do not worry , beauty will come back when she 's hungry ... Bobby do not answer . he keep the truth to himself , not want to worry he family . bobby have you try the radio ? ethel it do not work ... lynn we hear something . some sort of breathe ... Bobby lift he head . bobby what do you mean ? ( continued ) 53. 55 continued : 55 lynn it be really weird , right mom ? ethel ( minimize the incident ) I be sure it be just static . lynn Mom , it sound like a pervert crank call . brenda ( joking ) only Mom would get a obscene phone call out here ! suddenly , a mute sound echoe outside . Bobby jump up , grab the gun and crouch behind the door . bobby ( to the other ) ssshhhh ... his mother and two sister be surprised by he agitate behavior . brenda what 's wrong with you ? footstep . someone approach . bobby ( stern but soft ) I want you guy to stay in here . Brenda ?! you hear I ? gun in hand , he open the door - Bobby be about to shoot when a figure emerge from the dark . it's doug , hold as much as he could carry from the car graveyard . doug what the fuck be you do ? do not point that thing at I . Bobby lower the weapon . bobby I do not know it be you . ( continued ) 54 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 doug who else would it be ?! Bobby be interrupt by Brenda who see Doug from the window . brenda Doug 's back ! doug hey girl ! quickly , Lynn exit the trailer and jump into she husband 's arm . they kiss . Doug set down all of he finding . doug ( cont 'd ) look what I find . various tool , a fishing pole ... doug ( cont 'd ) with all of this , we can find a way to fix the car , right Bobby ? Bobby do not answer . doug ( cont 'd ) I find this really huge crater at the end of the road ! I have never see anything like it ! people must use it as a dump site . it be full of all this garbage ... ( point to the fishing pole ) look at this , it 's brand new ! lynn what be you go to do with a fishing pole in the desert ? you do not you find anybody ? doug no . the road just stop there . I hope you dad have better luck . be there anything to eat ? I be starve . lynn let 's go , it 's freezing out here . Doug follow Lynn inside the trailer . ( continued ) 55 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 Bobby stay outside , worried . everything seem calm . perhaps too calm . he look around - beast be gone . he find the broken chain . CUT to : 57 ext . rocky labyrinth - night 57 at the top of the hill , Beast have find what 's leave of beauty 's mutilate body and whine as he lick she face . CUT to : 58 ext . trailer - night 58 from outside we see Doug and Lynn finish dinner while Brenda clear the table . Doug hold Catherine on he knee . outside , Bobby stand guard with the gun . his mother come out . ethel look like we be camp out tonight . how 's you head ? Bobby do not answer . ethel ( cont 'd ) Bobby ? what 's go on ? a beat . bobby nothing , Mom . ethel be you sure ? bobby I will feel a lot better when dad get back . ethel I too , honey . come inside . you have already spend enough time in the cold for one day , do not you think ? ( continued ) 56 . 58 continued : 58 Bobby agree to follow he mother , abandon the fire . the flame dance with the desert wind in the night . 59 int . trailer .- night 59 Bobby double bolt the lock on the door . behind he , Lynn come out of the bathroom , while Doug have just change Catherine . lynn do not close the door , we be leave in a second ! bobby ( worried ) where be you go ? you do not want to wait until dad come back ? doug I be tired , I really need to rest for a hour or so ... bobby we can squeeze in here . you will be more comfortable . doug you want we to sleep on the floor ?! Doug kiss Catherine and hand she to Brenda so she can put she to bed . Bobby take he aside . bobby ( quietly ) I need to talk to you ... doug what ? Bobby hesitates to talk . doug ( cont 'd ) so , what Bobby ? Lynn walk by - lynn I be almost ready ... ( continued ) 57 . 59 continued : 59 doug listen ... I be sure you dad will be back soon . he 's " Big Bob " . it 's gonna take more than a few snake in the dark to stop he , right ? ( to lynn ) be you come , honey ? Lynn , hold a blanket and pillow , join he . they exit together hand in hand . doug ( cont 'd ) ( from outside ) if he 's not back by midnight , we will go get he . deal ? Bobby hate himself for not say anything . he bolt the door shut and stand face it . behind he , Brenda set the baby in she crib and start a fisher price mobile hang above , set off the music and rock the baby to sleep . she disappear in the bathroom for a moment and come out in t-shirt and panty . she turn to she brother - brenda can I listen to you ipod ? Bobby be still focus on the door . bobby what ? brenda can I borrow you ipod ? bobby ( distant ) whatever ... Brenda grab it and crank the volume . she start sway to the music , unaware of the danger lurking about . next to she , Catherine sleep quietly in she crib . on the other side of the trailer , ethel work on a crossword puzzle . insert - " family , revenge , homicide ... " be some of the word in the puzzle ... ( continued ) 58 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 wider - Bobby join she and sit . 60 ext . trailer - night 60 in between some bush , we see the Carter trailer home isolate in the desert under the starlit sky . backlit in the window , Brenda dance ... next to the trailer home , the suv - 61 int . suv - night 61 in a makeshift bed in the back , Doug be lay on he back and Lynn rub he leg . doug ow , ow ... yeah right there . perfect . God , I feel like I cross New Mexico on foot . amuse , Lynn squeeze he leg a bit harder . she move up to he love handle . lynn a little work out can not be all that bad for this guy , right ? Doug laugh and giggle . doug stop ! stop , you be tickle I ! Lynn continue with more fervor . doug ( cont 'd ) oh , so you want to play ? he turn around and start tickle she as well . they laugh together before kissing passionately . lynn I love you ... doug I love you too ... they start make out . 62 ext . suv - night 62 at the same time a hand open the gas tank and unscrew the cover . ( continued ) 59 . 62 continued : 62 in total silence , the hand slip a rubber hose into the tank and start siphon gas . we follow the hose up to the monstrous mouth of - pluto - the deform bald giant with a child 's face . but a child with a thick , primal cruelty snap in he asymmetrical , protrude eye . silently , Pluto siphon some of the Carter 's gas into a gas can . Lynn 's hand press against the window , as she and she husband continue , unaware . Pluto laugh stupidly , excited by the situation . his large smile reveal pointy shark -like teeth . once the gas can be full , he wave at somebody hide in the dark . 63 int . trailer - night 63 Brenda rest on she bed . exhausted , she turn off the bed lamp , . and slide under the sheet . she fall asleep listen to the music . in the other room of the trailer , Bobby 's watch read 11:45 pm . Bobby be restless . he do not know what to do . a few foot away , ethel sleep on the couch . suddenly , Bobby hear bark in the distance . bobby Beast ?! he grab the gun and exit the trailer , leave the door open . 64 ext . trailer - night 64 Bobby move into the night . Beast be still bark somewhere in the dark . as he pass the suv , he overhear the moan and heavy breathe come from inside . his flashlight move over the desert terrain and the occasional bush . he call out to he dog , try not to wake anyone . ( continued ) 60 . 64 continued : 64 bobby Beast ? come on , boy . you hear I ! come on now . Bobby move further from the trailer towards the bark . he flashlight pass quickly over a shape hiding in the bushes ! Bobby shine the light on the bush and approach - nothing . it must have be he imagination . the bark become a ferocious growl . bobby ( cont 'd ) Beast ? Beast ? its I . come on ... all of a sudden the growl become a " moo " cow . then a goat . then a chicken . terrify , Bobby turn around and run back toward the suv . 65 int . trailer - night 65 in the live room , ethel sleep . at the other end , Brenda turn under the sheet . the mute bass come from the ipod drum on in the background . a gnarle hand enter frame and brush a strand of hair from brenda's face so stealthily that she doesn't even stir . it's pluto . the diversion outside have allowed he to enter . he stand above Brenda watch she sleep , a innocent smile on he face . his hand softly graze she hair as if she be a kitten , then pull on the sheet to expose she body . Pluto cover she mouth , silencing she . brenda's eye OPEN wide . 66 ext . trailer - night 66 pant and panicked , Bobby knock on the suv 's tailgate window , interrupt Lynn and Doug . bobby doug! Doug ! caught red-hand , Lynn dress and Doug pull up he pants . ( continued ) 61 . 66 continued : 66 doug damanit ! what be it now ? lynn ( through the window ) what do you want , Bobby ? bobby come on , open up ! Lynn open the back window give he a dirty look . lynn this have better be important . Bobby be too scared to keep the truth hide . he regains he calm before talk . bobby something 's go on around here . we be not alone . exasperate , Lynn take a deep breath , not take he seriously . bobby ( cont 'd ) I know this sound weird , but there be people live in that hill . lynn Bobby ... we be in the middle of nowhere . believe I , no one could survive out here ! bobby I see they . and beauty ... doug beauty what ? bobby they cut out she inside . lynn what be you talk about ? bobby her gut be all over the place ... he struggle to talk . ( continued ) 62 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 bobby ( cont 'd ) I ... I do not want to scare you so I do not say anything , but something 's go on ... you even say you hear some breathe on the radio do not you ? Lynn nod . bobby ( cont 'd ) we be not alone , I be tell you ... Doug exit the car . obviously , Bobby be not kid . doug calm down Bobby , ok ? let 's go check it out together . Lynn , stay right here . 67 int . trailer - night 67 from the window , we can see Bobby and Doug walk to the trailer . in the back room , Pluto hear they , grab he walkie-talkie and growls - pluto noaowww ! 68 ext . trailer - night 68 at that moment , a explosion take place a few hundred yard away from the trailer . the flame climb into the air lighting the surround rocky desert . someone scream . Doug and Bobby turn around . it's big bob ! he have be crucify to a joshua tree and transformed into a human torch ... the explosion and the scream have awaken ethel who come out of the trailer in she nightgown . recognize he scream , she run to she burn husband . ethel it's bob ! it's bob ! ( continued ) 63. 68 continued : 68 Doug try to hold she back , but she be determine to get to he . 69 int . trailer - night 69 Doug run into the trailer grab a fire extinguisher and some blanket . in the panic , he fail to see Brenda restrain by Pluto . doug ( panicked ) Brenda , stay with Catherine ! he jump out without wait for a answer . Pluto give Brenda a satisfied smile - no one will bother they now . 70 ext . trailer - night 70 Doug run out leave the door wide open . someone jump from the roof and , on all four , land in front of the door . he stand and , for the first time , we see the face of - lizard - Pluto 's cousin . lizard be as thin as Pluto be impose . extremely pale , he face be disfigure by a cleft lip which expose he deformed jaw . a savage with no sense of pity , lizard be , after papa jupiter , the most violent inhabitant of the hill . lizard have Big Bob 's Magnum . he enter the trailer and close the door behind he . 71 ext . desert - night 71 Big Bob scream as the flame devour he naked flesh . his finger tighten . his bloody face distort with pain . even he eye be burnt . consider the condition of he body , it 's a miracle he 's still alive ... Doug arrive with the extinguisher and begin put out the fire under ethel 's horrify , watchful eye . 72 int . trailer - night 72 back inside the trailer . ( continued ) 64 . 72 continued : 72 with a wick smile on he face , lizard put on ethel 's apron and place she flowery sun hat on he head . this disturb mind take pleasure in dress up in " mama 's clothes " ... then , famish , he eat everything he can find in the trailer . Raw meat , fruit , potato chip ... he wash it all down with milk , orange juice ... his eye stop on the bird cage . he smile . lizard move closer , open the cage and grab one of the parrakeet . the small bird look around in confusion . he tear off its head and squeezy the blood into he mouth ! blood drip on he chin . Brenda 's mute scream attract he attention . lizard walk across the trailer . he want he share . he push Pluto violently to the ground . lizard move ! ( with a smile ) you gotta be a man to do that ... Pluto be outrage and try to stand up . he want to talk but no word come out . just grunt and growls . lizard savagely hit he several time . behind they , terrify , Brenda watch helplessly as they fight . lizard put he foot on Pluto 's face , pin he to the ground , and then point the gun to he head . lizard ( cont 'd ) I tell ya to move ! Pluto move away and , in a fit of rage , break everything in the trailer . dish , chair , table ... everything . lizard laugh like a goon . he grab Brenda by she foot and pull she to he . ( continued ) 65 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 excite and amused at the same time , he stare at Brenda 's appetizing calf muscle . he smell it , lick it , and then , without hesitation , plunge he tooth into she leg . 73 ext . trailer - night 73 Brenda 's mute scream be hear from inside the trailer . 74 ext . desert - night 74 the flame have be replace by white smoke . Doug unty Big Bob . his body fall motionless to the ground . completely carbonized , he have stop breathing . smoke come out of he mouth . Doug use the blanket to extinguish the last flame . behind Doug , ethel look at she husband refuse to accept the truth . ethel no..no .. it 's not possible . that 's not Bob . that 's not my bob. she grab Doug by he shirt try to convince he . ethel ( cont 'd ) Doug . . it 's not he . tell I it 's not he . it 's not my Bob ! the poor woman have lose she mind . ethel erupt in laughter point to she dead husband . ethel ( cont 'd ) ( hysterically ) that be not my Bob ! that be not my Bob ! that 's not he ! Lynn and Bobby be paralyze . Doug turn to he wife . doug take you mother away from here ! with she eye fix on she father , Lynn walk she mother away . in Bobby 's eye , sadness have be replace by hatred . full of rage , the youngster grab the gun and walk away . ( continued ) 66 . 74 continued : 74 doug ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? Bobby ? bobby I be gonna take care of the motherfucker ! doug come back here , Bobby ! Bobby disappear into the night . Doug cover Big Bob 's face with a blanket . 75 ext . trailer - night 75 returning to the trailer , Lynn struggle to restrain ethel . ethel finally realize it 's too late for she husband and collapse into she daughter 's arm . just then , a muffle scream from Brenda pierce the night . lynn oh my god ! Lynn run inside leave she mother alone . 76 int . trailer - night 76 burst into the trailer , Lynn stop on a dime when she see lizard , in ethel 's clothes , hold the baby . behind he , Pluto restrain Brenda . lizard walk up with the baby . lizard ( evil ) Big fat baby good .. , you fat ... fat and juicy ! Lynn be paralyze with fear . lizard imitate a mother cradling she baby . lizard ( cont 'd ) baby ... baby ... instinctively , Lynn grab the close thing , a frying pan , and hit lizard brutally in the face . ( continued ) 67 . 76 continued : 76 stun , he fall to the ground and drop the baby , who begin to wail . when he lift he head , Lynn strike again - he block she arm and twist it , bring she to she knee . Lynn try to fight he off , but he be too strong . still restrain , Brenda spot the phillip screwdriver under the sleeper . the one Bobby have use to fix the a /c. at the other end of the trailer , lizard have immobilize Lynn and point the gun at the baby ! Lynn stop . lynn ( panting ) no ... no ... please ... please do not ... without a word , lizard tear off Lynn 's shirt and bra . the gun stay point at the baby as - lizard remove ethel 's sun hat and hover over Lynn 's breast ... see from behind she shoulder , we can not figure out exactly what this mental case be do ... be he nursing from she breast ? Lynn tremble , but can only think of she baby and she sister , who be still threaten . excite by what he brother be do , Pluto fondle Brenda . suddenly , ethel jump into the trailer with a broom and start bat away at lizard . for once , she adrenaline kick in as she fight for the most important thing in she life - her family . the broom have little effect and be almost comical ... bang ! - lizard shoot ethel in she chest , throw she back . 77 ext . desert - night 77 from far away , Bobby hear the gunshot . he quickly turn around to help he family . 68 . 78 int . trailer - night 78 in the trailer home , Brenda take advantage of the confusion to get away from Pluto and grab the Phillips screwdriver from beneath the sleeper . Brenda slide the screwdriver to Lynn who raise it and be about to strike when - bang ! - Lynn be shot in the chest . lizard turn to Brenda and aim at she head . he be about to shoot when Lynn , with she last breath - plant the phillip screwdriver in he thigh . it start tearing through he flesh ! lizard scream in pain and turn the gun back to Lynn - bang ! - he blow off part of she skull . blood splatter throughout the cabin . 79 ext . desert - night 79 alarm by the gunfire , Doug get up and look at the trailer in the distance . he do not know what to do . Bobby appear behind he - bobby come on Doug ! they be in the trailer -! they both take off run . 80 int . trailer - night 80 Witness to the slaughter , Brenda be petrify with fear . lizard pull out the screwdriver and stand with difficulty . he pick up the baby and hand it to Pluto . lizard take it . Pluto obey . lizard grab Brenda by the hair and pull she out of the trailer . ( continued ) 69 . 80 continued : 80 lizard ( cont 'd ) come on bitch ... she scream and resist by grab at furniture and pull off the curtain ... her nail scratch against the panele . before leaving , lizard rip the jewelry from ethel and lynn be body ... 81 ext . trailer - night 81 Brenda be pull out by lizard . when he see Bobby and Doug approach , lizard change he mind - he insert the barrel of he gun into brenda's mouth ... Brenda be wide eye . without hesitate , lizard pull the trigger - click ! - no more bullet . lizard drop Brenda . lizard I will come back for ya ... lizard disappear into the night . Brenda lay on the ground tremble and cry . Doug arrive at the trailer , while Bobby aim the 9 mm at the assassin . bang ! bang ! bang ! it 's too late . they be go . Bobby run to he traumatize sister lay on the ground . he hold she in he arm , try to calm she down . Doug approach the open door . he notice bloody hand print along the side of the trailer home - one of the attacker have be hurt ... 82 int . trailer - night 82 Doug enter the trailer unable to imagine the tragedy . ( continued ) 70 . 82 continued : 82 horrify , he discover ethel on the couch , not quite dead , but short of breath and in pain . Doug be stone face - on the ground , lynn' body , he own wife , soak in her blood ! his eye fill with tear . he try to keep from cry but he sadness be too deep . his hand approach she face . his finger graze she hair . suddenly , lynn' body suffer a last muscle spasm , like a circuit shorting out . Doug try to breathe life back into she body , but death have overtaken she open eye . he close they and start weep . the music from the Fisher price mobile be the only other sound ... Doug turn around . the crib be empty ... doug ( softly ) no ... no ... he squeeze he fist with rage . 83 ext . desert - night 83 at the foot of the burnt tree , Big Bob 's body be laid out on some rock , the blanket over he face . a few figure emerge out of the darkness and gather around the body like a pack of hyenas . big bob be dragge away through the dust ... CUT to : 84 ext . hill - night 84 backlit by the moon , at the top of the hill , we find goggle and he binocular . reflecting in the lense , we see the carter ' trailer glow in the night . a rustling noise attract he attention . ( continued ) 71 . 84 continued : 84 before goggle can turn around , a wild animal jump at he face - it's beast . the german shepherd tear at goggle 's face and lock deep into he throat . goggle try to fight it off , but the animal be determine to kill . goggle grab a old razor out of he pocket and try to cut the animal . the dog bite down tightening its grip . bone crack . he drop the razor . goggle 's derby hat fall between some rock . beast avenge beauty in a bloodfest ! someone call he on the on walkie-talkie - radio ( o.s. ) " goggle ? goggle ... " goggle will not answer anymore ... 85 int . trailer - night 85 laid out on the couch , ethel agonize between life and death . Brenda stare into space , say nothing . Doug touch she head as he pass . instinctively , she back off terrify . across the trailer , Bobby pace back and forth . bobby ( panicked ) what be we go to do Doug ? what be we go to do if they come back ? completely defeat , Doug come back and go to ethel 's side . bobby ( cont 'd ) Doug ! Doug do not answer and take ethel 's hand . she open she eye and look at he as if nothing happen . ethel this camper 's so small . no matter how much you clean , it 's always a mess . ( continued ) 72 . 85 continued : 85 Doug nod in silence . ethel ( cont 'd ) be Big Bob home ? doug not yet . ethel do everyone go to bed ? doug yes , Brenda be here and Bobby be in the kitchen . at the other end , Bobby turn away , cry . Brenda look away as well . ethel ( short of breath ) be Lynn sleep ? Doug hold back the tear . doug yes .. ( after a beat ) do you need anything ? ethel find it more and more difficult to talk . ethel look in the closet Doug , I be sure I have another blanket . I be so cold . Doug tuck one of the blanket around she . doug ( reassuring ) there 's one here . Nice and warm . ethel you have always be so sweet . I understand why Lynn love you so much . she raise she arm to caress he face . her hand fall on the bed . lifeless . Brenda scream , burst into tear . ( continued ) 73. 85 continued : ( 2 ) 85 at the same time Bobby pound he fist against a wall . his eye full of hate , he join Doug . bobby ( determine ) come on ! I be not go to take this shit ... Doug get mad as well . doug don't be stupid ! we're not go anywhere , do you hear I ? bobby Fine . you stay here . I be go after they . Doug get between Bobby and the door , prevent the kid from leave . bobby ( cont 'd ) let I go ! doug you want to die , too ? bobby I do not care . Doug drag he in front of he mother 's body . doug look ! look at what they do to you mother . look at what they do to you sister . he slam Bobby against the door . doug ( cont 'd ) you be not a fuck child , alright ? think before you do something stupid . you will not make it three foot ! we need a plan , ok ? we need to think ... bobby think about what ? they have Catherine , Doug ... Doug remain silent ... ( continued ) 74 . 85 continued : ( 3 ) 85 bobby ( cont 'd ) they have catherine ... you know what they could to do to she , and you be not go to stop they ?! you be just a coward ... Doug jump back on Bobby grab he by the collar . doug ( enraged ) stop it ! shut up ! just shut you fucking mouth ! a muffled SOUND come from outside ! they all freeze . Doug release Bobby and immediately turn off the light . plunge in darkness , Brenda panic again - brenda no .. no ... do not turn it off ! ( hysterical ) he swore he would come back to get I . he swore it . do not let he take I , Bobby ! outside , another noise , and a shadow pass backlit by the campfire ! brenda ( cont 'd ) ( terrified ) they 're here ... they 're back ... I don't want to die bobby ... I don 't want to die ... do something ... Bobby pick up the gun - bang ! bang ! bang ! - with no hesitation , he shoot through the door . Brenda throw herself into Doug 's arm . Bobby stare at the bullet hole in the trailer door . suddenly , the sound of a radio be hear - radio ( o.s. ) " goggle , you copy ? goggle ... " Bobby and Doug look at each other confuse . ( continued ) 75 . / Ï¿½ 85 continued : ( 4 ) 85 radio ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) " goggle ? " Doug silently move closer to the door . from outside we can see Doug 's eye through one of the bullet hole . nobody , everything seem quiet . doug get ready Bobby .. Doug open the door and jump out ready to fight . from beneath the trailer , someone observe he ... Doug bend down and discover - goggle's severe arm . in its hand , the walkie-talkie still work . radio ( o.s. ) " goggle ? goggle ? " Doug grab the radio . it 's drip with blood . Bobby be about to join he when Doug signal - there's someone hiding under the trailer . without a sound , Bobby aim the gun at the kitchen floor . outside , Doug back up to see who be hide . behind the step ladder , he see a inert shape in the shadow . bang ! - Bobby shoot through the floor . immediately , the shadowy figure jump out into the light - doug Beast ! the dog jump into Doug 's arm and begin lick he face . Bobby can not believe it , he dog have return . Radio static come back on the walkie . Bobby pick it up - radio ( o.s. ) " papa jupe ... goggle be dead . I find he in the rock ... " " Dead ? " ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . 85 continued : ( 5 ) 85 radio ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) " they get he . he 's all tear up ... " Bobby be proud of Beast . still in the trailer , Brenda look at they , not as hopeful . bobby good boy .. that 's a good dog . papa dupe / radio ( o.s. ) " I be gonna take care of that bastard myself " ... Bobby exchange a worried glance with Doug . even though neither of the two have yet meet papa jupe , something in he voice tell they that it 's only go to get worse . Doug grab the radio- doug ( in the radio ) what the fuck do you want ? why be you do this to US ?! no answer . just static . doug ( cont 'd ) answer I ! why US ?! ( in desperation ) give I back my little girl ... give she back to I ... more static ... doug ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ?! silence . suddenly we hear - catherine's cry on the radio ! Doug drop the radio , scared speechless ... doug ( cont 'd ) how much ammo do you have leave ? bobby I do not know , half a clip ? CUT to : 77 . 86 int . dark place - night 86 on a dimly light wooden table , Catherine lay , wrap in a blanket . a butcher 's knife be plant next to she ... asthmatic breathe , and the sound of run water punctuate the silence . Ruby step out of the darkness and move towards the baby . she watch through she abnormally large eye and extend she stringy finger to touch the baby . a large screen split the room in two . a strangely shape shadow move behind the screen : a handicapped body wash by a large woman ... a empty wheel chair rest in a corner . amuse , Ruby look at the baby who smile back . she carefully take Catherine in she arm when the invalid 's voice interrupt - large woman ( o.s. ) put that down Ruby ... you know better than to play with you food ... Ruby take a step back , hugging the baby tighter . - ruby mama , pleaaase ... handicapped ( o.s. ) ( weak asthmatic voice ) listen to you mother Ruby and put that baby down ... now ! frightened , Ruby obey and quickly run out of the room . the baby start cry ... CUT to : 87 int . trailer - night 87 Brenda sit by the c/b and retry the sos call . ( continued ) 78 . 87 continued : 87 brenda mayday ... mayday ... we need help .. mayday ... mayday ... can anybody hear I ? something have go off in she eye . she be absent , no longer live , just survive . Doug be about to leave , take with he anything from the trailer which might be useful . baseball bat , flashlight , phillip screwdriver ... bobby let I go with you . doug no , you stay here with you sister and stay by the radio . somebody 's bound to hear we . Brenda continue she distress call . brenda mayday ...mayday ... can anybody hear I ? doug ( to bobby ) the sun will be up soon . one of they be hurt , I be go to follow he trail through the hill . Bobby pull out the 9 mm gun and hand it to he . doug ( cont 'd ) no . you keep it in case they come back . bobby what about you ? doug do not worry about I , I will take Beast . Beast sit at he foot ready to go . Doug strap the walkie- talkie over he shoulder . bobby Doug ? ( continued ) 79 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 doug yes ? bobby I ... I do not mean what I say ... Doug hug he like a brother . before walk out , he bend down to Lynn 's body and kiss she one last time on the mouth . doug I be go to find . we baby my love ... I promise . CUT to : 88 ext . hill - sunrise 88 the first sign of dawn light the distant horizon . the vulture perch on a dead joshua Tree swivel they head around , to see a distant , run figure - doug and beast , move steadily among the rock . 89 ext . mine entrance - day 89 Doug and Beast arrive at the old mine 's entrance on the side of the hill . the trail of blood lead inside . Doug hide behind a rock . sweating , he catch he breath . Beast breathes heavily as well . Doug remember what he wife always use to say - doug ( to the dog ) I tell you to stop smoking . Doug set a different frequency on he radio - doug ( cont 'd ) ( into the walkie ) Bobby ? Bobby ? you read I ? bobby ( o.s. ) yeah , Doug ... doug I follow the blood , I be in front of a mine ! ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . 89 continued : 89 doug ( cont 'd ) I be not sure if I will get a signal from inside . if you do not hear from I in a half a hour , you be on you own . ( a beat ) Bobby ? bobby yeah ... good luck , doug. he put the walkie away and take out the flashlight . doug ( to beast ) you ready big guy ? I hope you be not afraid of the dark . he pet the dog one final time and stand up . 90 int . mine - day 90 with the light from the entrance behind he , shadow enter the mine . the beam from he flashlight follow the trail of blood on the ground . the wooden pylon which have hold up the wall for a hundred year threaten to crumble at any second . only static on the radio . Doug turn it off . he move further into the darkness , probing with he flashlight into the inky pit . Doug arrive at a fork split the tunnel off in two different direction . Doug light each tunnel with the flashlight until he find the one with - the blood trail , then continue on into that one . track . suddenly he stop . the beam of the flashlight have reveal two dozen pickaxe that have be plant in the ground over mound . that look very much like grave . the pickax look eerily like cross , give the whole place the feel of a subterranean graveyard . hanging from the grave , date and portrait of all the miner who have die here , include woman and child ... the flashlight dim . Doug tap it to no avail . ( continued ) 81 . 90 continued : 90 doug come on . you can not be serious . then light go . completely off , leave Doug in darkness . scratch ! - he light a match . holding the tiny flame , Doug continue down the tunnel until he arrive at another fork . he can no longer see the blood trail . a shape slide swiftly behind he ! doug ( cont 'd ) ( to Beast , meaning himself ) just stay calm , boy ... a gust of air kill the match . he immediately light another - again , the draft snuff it out . he turn around , look for the source of the air , and notice a reflection of light at the end of the tunnel . he move towards the reflection . 91 EST . mine exit - day 91 on the other side of the hill , the collapse wooden beam and stone block part of the mine 's exit . Doug emerge with Beast . his eye take a moment to adapt to the bright sunlight . he. can not believe what he see . at the bottom of a hill , a SMALL town - a classic one - STREET town built back in the 5u' . Doug turn the walkie on . doug ( enthusiastic ) . Bobby , Bobby , it 's Doug ... I can not believe it ! I find a street and some house . maybe somebody do live here ... the radio remain silent . ( continued ) 82. 91 continued : 91 doug ( cont 'd ) Bobby , do you hear I ? Bobby ? still nothing . Doug turn around and look up - a wall of rock tower behind he . he try one last time , but the signal will not go through . 92 int . trailer - day 92 Close up on the c/b radio in the trailer - only static come from the speaker . 93 ext . trailer - day 93 Brenda drag one of the tire from the suv 30 foot away . she douse it with lighter fluid and - whoosh ! - a match set it on fire create a thick , black , smoke signal . Brenda join she brother who be busy plant wooden stake in a circle fifty meter around the trailer . brenda maybe somebody hear we call .. bobby nobody 's go to find we Brenda , even with that smoke ... nobody 's come ._.. you hear what Doug say - we be alone now , just you and I . let they come , I be wait for they . now , Bobby stretch the nylon wire from the fishing pole around each stake . he set the fishing pole next to the trailer , rigging to it one of Catherine 's toy shaker - a improvise alarm system . 94 ext . hill - day 94 at the summit , somebody observe the trailer and the thick cloud of smoke rise to the air . CUT to : 83. 95 ext . town - day 95 Doug run down the hill towards the town . behind he , from the mouth of the mine , someone observe between the rock - it 's Ruby . Doug slow he pace as he enter Main Street . the town be desert . no sign of life anywhere . all the house and car be cover with a thick layer of dust . take a closer look , he realize all the park car be from the 50' . uncertain , Doug walk through the ghost town , with Beast at he side ... no movement besides the wind blow and lift a occasional cloud of dust . Doug walk up to a house and knock on the front door . no one to open the door . Doug wipe one of the window - it 's too dark inside to see anything . the door be unlock , Doug push it . it squeak open . he hesitates before enter . 96 int . first house - day 96 sunlight pass through the dusty window revealing a live / dining room decorate from the 50' . Doug can not believe he eye - through the kitchen door , he can see a woman do dish . a man sit in the live room read a newspaper . Children play in front of the blank tv set ... these be not real people but mannequin ! they have be dress and place into real life situation . the atomic symbol can be found on each of there forehead . Doug spot a telephone behind the staircase and check for a dial tone . nothing . he pick up the phone case . empty . just like everything else in the house , it's fare . 84 . 97 ext . town - day 97 Doug quickly cross Main Street to visit another house . 98 int . second house - day 98 New interior - New surreal set . around a table , a family of test dummy eat dinner . 99 ext . town - day 99 stupefy , Doug enter yet another house . the door remain open as we see another family of dummy live a perfect little life . a life which stop in the late 5u' ... around the corner of a house , a little girl dummy be sit on a swing , she face half break . a second later , Doug think he hear child laughing . he turn around - nothing but the wind blow through the house . Doug take Catherine 's bib from he pocket and let Beast get its scent . doug find she , Beast , find Catherine ... with he nose to the ground , the dog pull Doug straight ahead . Doug walk away through the street , pull by the dog . on the outskirt of town , we discover a fence bury in the sand . on it , a old metallic sign read - test site 3b - military zone - high radiation risk the scent lead Doug into a alley off the main street . he see a old generator on full throttle . a thick smoke pour from the exhaust . someone live here ! his daughter could be there ... ( continued ) 85 . 99 continued : 99 Doug try to see into the window , but they be cake in filth . he decide to go around when - a man walk into view without seeing he ! immediately , Doug back away . the man drag a cadaver by its foot . half of the dead body be miss , have apparently be tear off . Beast growls . the man turn around , revealing he horrible face - a metallic brace be screw on four side of he head help he stand straight . enormous cyst disfigure he and cover every visible part of he body . let 's call he " cyst " . cyst trace back he step , try to find what cause the noise . he hold the gas station attendant 's shotgun ! the alley be empty . the generator be still motor . all seem normal . cyst turn back towards main street . cyst pass a old ' park car without see Doug and the dog hide inside . Doug breathes a sigh of relief . Close call . quietly , Doug get out of the car . he hesitates as to whether he should bring Beast with he or to leave he in the car . the dog could be he best weapon but , on the other hand , he also represent a_bigger risk to be spot . doug ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) you wait here Beast ! come on , sit !... good boy . I be gonna find Catherine ... the dog be confuse and whine through the half - open window . doug ( cont 'd ) shhhh ... quiet Beast ... do not move ! I will be back ... he close the car door and start down the alley , lowering he head . ( continued ) 86 . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 from inside the car , Beast watch Doug get further away ... Doug sneak along the side of the building towards the front door . he hesitates , unsure of what await he inside - 102 int . house - day 102 Doug cross a doorway without make a sound . he enter the front hall squeezing the bat in he hand . something in the air , a disgusting smell , catch he attention . Doug move slowly and discover , in the dining room , sit amongst the dummy - big bob' charree body ! his father - in- law 's arm have be tear off and devoure . the american flag that use to adorn he suv be plant through he forehead ! Doug approach terrify . behind he a weak and asthmatic voice begins to sing the national anthem - voice ( o.s. ) " oh , say can you see , by the dawn 's early light , what so proudly we hail at the twilight 's last gleam ? " Doug jump and quickly lift the baseball bat , ready to swing . nobody . just the fake live room fill with inert dummy . no trace of he baby . a electrical fan turn in a corner , close to a shelve full of old book ... Doug move forward , grip the bat tightly . voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( feeble and asthmatic ) " ... whose broad stripe and bright star , through the perilous fight ... " he can hear he own heart beat as he search through the house . in another room , close to the window and in the shadow , he see someone sit in a wheelchair . ( continued ) 87 . 102 continued : 102 voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) " ... and the rocket ' red glare , the bomb burst in air ... " Doug get closer - a ray of light shine on the skull of whoever sit in the wheel chair . the wheel chair move forward revealing a most horrific sight - big brain - we recognize the handicapped man whom we have see before , bathing behind the screen . Big Brain 's body be skeletal . he be bear with a genetic disease give he a head ten time bigger than he face . a head so heavy , he be unable to hold it up . it rest back on he chair , force he to stretch he eye to see from side to side . Big Brain be maybe the most representative character of the damage do by nuclear fallout in this area . Doug threaten he with the baseball bat - doug where 's my baby ! where 's Catherine ?! Big Brain do not answer . doug ( cont 'd ) what do you do with she ? big brain ( murmuring ) .. nothing .. Doug be beyond he break point - doug where be she then ? answer I ! he raise the bat . big brain ( weak and asthmatic ) . I do not know where she be . I never leave this place ... Big Brain move away from the window wheeling himself to the couch . his hand be thin and pale , like a child 's . ( continued ) 88. 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 big brain ( cont 'd ) .. you should have read the sign before take that road ... doug what sign ?! big brain ( smiling ) boom . .. boom ... boom doug what the hell be you say ?! big brain ( weak and asthmatic ) you people settle on we land , you destroy we home , destroy we silver mine . . . you 'ye make we what we have become ! one day my father go into town begging for you help , and you know what the doctor do ? they sterilize he like a dog ! you think that in the desert no one would see anything , or say anything , but the hill ... the hill never forget ... boom ... boom ... b000m ! doug I do not know what you be talk about . all I want be my daughter . please ... Big Brain remain silent . doug ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? money ? I can give you money ... what do you want ? big brain maybe a trailer ? yeah , a pretty trailer , just like yours . doug where be the other ? where be my baby ? Big brain start laugh a high pitch sound . ( continued ) 89 . 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 doug ( cont 'd ) what ? what 's so funny ? big brain it's breakfast time ! at the same moment - crash - pluto , the deformed bald giant , pulverize the door with a axe and smashes into the house ! like a wild animal , Pluto charge Doug , destroy everything in he path . Doug retreat in the live room , throw the dummy at he assailant . the giant come closer and closer . dummy be chop into piece . Doug dodge away and try to escape , use the stair in the hallway but the giant grab he by the foot and pull he down ... the axe swing through the air miss he by a hair each time . 103 int . 1950 car - day 103 sense he master be in trouble , Beast jump around inside the car try to find a exit ... the passenger window open be too small for he to break out ... 104 int . house - day 104 Doug run into another room , escape from Pluto and he axe . instinctively , he use the first piece of furniture he can find , a chest , to block the door behind he . he look desperately for a exit . no way out . the axe penetrate through the door . the chest will not be enough to hold back Pluto . second axe blow - this time the axe tear up the board of the door , allow Pluto to stick he gruesome face inside . see Doug trap in the room , the bald giant begin to laugh stupidly before turn around and walk away . ( continued ) 90 . 104 continued : 104 the house be now silent . no sign of the giant . with he heart pound through he chest and the baseball bat in hand , Doug move towards the half - break door , . crash ! - pluto explode through the wall , landing on top of doug ! Doug lose he bat but slide away before the axe come swinging down . desperate , he pick up the bat and use it as a shield . the axe split it in half . Doug throw himself at Pluto plunging the splinter bat into he abdomen . the sharp piece of wood enter Pluto 's stomach . completely out of he mind , Pluto remove the piece of wood from he abdomen and beat Doug in the face with it , send he across the room . Pluto lower he head , charge Doug like a bull . Doug crash into one of the wall . he can not even take a breath before the giant grab he by the leg like a rag doll and throw he through a wall . Doug fall to the ground in the live room . wound and exhaust , he be also defenseless . he have lose he glass . not far away , Big Brain savor the spectacle . the giant walk to he spin the axe in he hand like a baton . his foot crush Doug 's glass on the floor . the axe swing through the air . Doug jump out of the way . another swing - the axe strike into he left hand , cutting off some finger ! Doug stare wide eye at he amputate finger and scream with pain . blood be everywhere . in a act of self preservation , Doug crawl under the table . ( continued ) 91 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 Pluto destroy it with the axe and advance to finish he off . his asymmetrical eye stare coldly - Doug be at he mercy . Pluto slowly caress the axe 's blade on he victim throat and face . the sharp blade move dangerously across Doug 's skin . Pluto stop when he see Doug hold he phillip screwdriver ! Pluto laugh like a dumb child at the feeble weapon . behind he , Big Brain join in on the laughter - disfigure by he wound , Doug be freeze with the screwdriver point at the giant . he look ridiculous and start sobbing like a terrorize child . doug please , I be begging you ... do not kill I ... pluto ( make fun of he ) loook at -t hiiis fa-ace ... loook at - at hiiis fa-ace ... even the freeze face of the test dummy seem to mock he . suddenly - Doug stop crying_instantly , it be a trick ! he turn the screwdriver around and slam it into Pluto 's foot . the screwdriver go through the shoe nail Pluto to the floor . Pluto scream in pain . Doug rise and move behind he . in a swift movement , Doug take the american flag from Big Bob 's forehead , stabbing Pluto in the back of the neck ! old glory staff come through he throat on the other side . Pluto scream again , drop the axe . outrage , Pluto tear the flag from he neck and turn to doug. ( continued ) 92 . 104 continued : ( 3 ) 104 pluto stop - doug be holding the axe . the blade swing through the air and slam into Pluto 's skull ! Pluto 's eye freeze and he body fall to the ground , he skull half open . doug jump on top of he . full of rage , he mutilate pluto with the axe to the point of exhaustion . Big Brain watch Pluto die without show any emotion . silence return to the destroy house . Doug tear off a piece of Pluto 's shirt and use it as a bandage for he hand ... he pick up he half break shattered glass on the floor and put they back . sling ! - Doug remove the bloody axe from the corpse . he turn to Big Brain , who back off - big brain the baby ... the baby be in the last house on the leave ... CUT to : 105 ext . trailer - day 105 the back door to the suv open , revealing Bobby and Brenda carry Lynn 's body inside where ethel 's body have be move . not far from the car and above the fishing pole , Catherine 's shaker remain still and silent ... 106 ext . town - day 106 still imprison in the car , Beast bark , desperate to find a way out . a hundred yard away - cyst cross Main Street toward Big Brain 's house still hold the shotgun . through the break door , cyst spot Pluto in a pool of blood . hatred fill he eye as he load the shotgun and prepare to shoot . ( continued ) 93. 106 continued : 106 he look for Doug but see no one . cyst move in between a few car , fail to see Doug hide behind one of they . Doug hit the man in he knee with the axe . he sever half of he right leg . cyst scream in agony . in one swift move , Doug remove the axe from cyst 's kneecap swinging it into he back . cyst fall on the ground . the fall push the axe further into he back . cyst reach for the shotgun lose in he fall . Doug step on he chest and push slowly - crack - the axe finally hit the spine , kill he instantly . Doug pick up the shotgun . 107 int . house - day 107 from the break window , Big Brain watch Doug walk away down Main Street . he pick up a walkie-talkie hide in he wheelchair - big brain lizard ... kill the baby ... 108 int . lizard house - day 108 lizard enter the house hold a machete . the wound Lynn have give he before she die still bleed through he improvise bandage . he move to the kitchen with a limp . there , he come face to face with Ruby . behind she , the baby be wrap inside a blanket on the table . the kitchen wall be cover with dry blood . severe human remain be scattered about and hang like slab of meat . Ruby block he way - lizard get out of the way Ruby ... ( continued ) 94 . 108 continued : 108 Ruby refuse to let he pass . lizard lift the machete threaten he little sister . lizard ( cont 'd ) I told you to move . now move ! scare , Ruby obey and run out the kitchen door . lizard approach the baby , who move inside the blanket . 109 int . last house on the left - day 109 at the same time , Doug arrive at the last house on the street . he look for he baby in every part of the house . nothing but dummy . Doug enter a room and see a crib . doug Catherine ?! he go to the crib and discover a plastic doll ... big brain lied ! SMALL voice ( innocent ) you want to play with we mister ? Doug turn around and see two child play in the shadow . they smile at he kindly - there face and little body be monstrously degenerated ! Doug back away terrify . 110 int . lizard house - day 110 lizard be about to butcher the baby on the table . Catherine be calm and move slowly under the blanket . 111 ext . town - day 111 in a panic , Doug run out of the last house scream . doug catherine ! 95 . 112 int . lizard house - day 112 lizard lift the machete and remove the blanket - the baby have be replaced by the piglet stolen from the gas station ! Ruby make the swap before lizard enter the kitchen . the piglet run off oink ... lizard ruuuby ! enrage , lizard stick the machete into the table . 113 ext . hill - day 113 outside , with the baby in she arm , Ruby run as fast as she can . 114 ext . town - day 114 desperate , Doug run through the test town look for he daughter . in a upstairs window , he see Ruby 's mother , the obese woman , swinging on a rock chair stare back . suddenly , come from the hill , Doug hear the sound of a baby cry . in the distance , he spot Ruby run through the rock . he run with the shotgun in hand . doug Catherine ! 115 ext ./ int . 1950 car - day 115 under the fake car , in between the seat , Beast find a hole big enough to fit he nose . the animal force he way through , scratch at the floor until he finally fit he body through the hole and out of the car . the dog run down Main Street ... CUT to : 116 ext . trailer - day 116 back on the trailer - ( continued ) 96 . 116 continued : 116 sweating , Bobby join he sister hide behind the SW . with the 9 mm in hand , stare at the horizon , he be ready to face the enemy . above the fishing pole , Catherine 's shaker be still . gust of wind blow on the eerily silent plain . suddenly , in a flash , the fishing line tighten and the shaker move around , making noise . then , quiet return as if nothing have ever happen . Brenda be terrify . maybe someone have cross they zone of security . Bobby lift he head and look a full 360Â° - nothing . Bobby and Brenda exchange worried glance when - the fishing pole move , shaking catherine's shaker frenetically . the fishing reel quickly unwind ... this time there be little room for doubt , even if all seem clear around the camper . brenda I do not. see anybody ... what 's happen ? Bobby and Brenda leave they hide place . they move , back to back , cautious ... brenda ( cont 'd ) answer I , why be not anyone there ? I be scared ... bobby ( low voice ) stay close Brenda . from inside the SW , we see the two adolescent get further away when - a dark figure jump in the foreground , in front of the window ! ( continued ) 97 . 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 it 's papa jupiter . his long hair and thick beard cover everything except he determine and psychopathic eye . Bobby and Brenda have arrive at the end of they security zone ... brenda look ! further ahead , on the ground , a tumbleweed be stick on the fishing wire , move it in the wind . brenda ( cont 'd ) let 's go back ... not convinced , Bobby agree , but he face freeze when he turn back to see - the back door of the suv , wide OPEN . at a loss , Bobby and Brenda return . there mother' body have be removed ! brenda ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) what happen ? what happen Bobby ? where 's mom ? a trail of blood lead from the trailer to somewhere behind some rock . bobby ( to brenda ) he 's over there . get the trailer ready .._ the new " visitor " have bring the nightmare back to life in Brenda 's eye . she 's paralyze . bobby ( cont 'd ) Brenda ? come on ? Brenda remain still . bobby ( cont 'd ) brenda ?! terrorize , Brenda back up to the trailer , while she brother , with a determine look on he face , walk to the hill . 98 . 117 int . trailer - day 117 Brenda return to the trailer where two propane tank have be bring out from under the sink . through the window , she watch she brother get further out . 118 ext . trailer - day 118 what Bobby discover behind the rock be beyond horrific - kneel next to he mother 's corpse , papa Jupiter devour she heart , tear into it with he tooth . feeling bobby be presence , he turn around and stare at the young man with a sadistic smile . blood drip down he beard . Bobby point he gun at he . papa Jupiter stand and , in a fit of rage , charge at Bobby . keeping he cool , Bobby fire - bang ! bang ! bang ! the bullet only slow he down . click ! the gun be empty . 119 int . trailer - day 119 Brenda open the valve to the gas tank . 120 ext . trailer - day 120 . outside , Bobby throw the gun and run to the trailer as fast as he can . _ papa Jupiter be right behind he . he take a SMALL pickaxe from he belt and throw it at Bobby . the pickaxe stick into the trailer inches from bobby's face ! 121 int . trailer - day 121 Bobby enter the trailer , close the door behind he . he quickly tape match at the bottom of the door , right above the strike part of the matchbox on the floor . next to he , the propane flow freely . 99 . 122 ext . trailer - day 122 behind the trailer , Brenda help she brother squeeze out of the back window . they both run and hide behind a rock . at the same time , papa Jupiter stand in front of the trailer door , relishing the idea that he victim be inside . he open the door . the match strike - papa jupiter be engulfed in the flame . the trailer home explode ! protected by the rock , Bobby and Brenda watch as the explosion climb to the sky . they do it ... CUT to : 127 ext . hill edge - day 127 with Catherine hold tightly in she arm , Ruby run on the edge of the mountain . seventy yard behind , lizard give chase with a limp and the chain of spike in tow . lizard Ruby ... Ruby ! you come back here right now . you hear I , you little bitch ? the road on the edge come to a dead end . Ruby be stick , the only way out be to climb . without use she hand , she attempt to ascend . it 's close to impossible . suddenly , lizard grab her ankle ! she try to fight he off , but he be too strong . Ruby kick he in the jaw enrage he more . he pull she down swiftly when - beast appear behind ruby ! the animal show he tooth , advance towards lizard who back off . ( continued ) 100 . 127 continued : 127 lizard be amused and almost excited with this last confrontation ... discreetly , he grab the chain of spike while keep he eye on the bark german shepherd . the rusty , retractable spike be released along the chain ! Beast see the weapon and leap towards lizard . too late . the chain strike the dog in the air , send he over the edge . beast whine as he land on a protruding section of the ravine a few feet further down ... Ruby refuse to hand over the baby , hold it tightly to she chest . lizard ( cont 'd ) give I that baby , Ruby ! with no time to react , lizard be brutally strike in the face with the shotgun butt - doug be back ! take no chance and scream like a wild beast , Doug beat lizard repeatedly push he away from the baby . with a bloody face , lizard can hardly stand . Doug turn the weapon around and - bang ! - he shoot lizard in the chest . lizard be throw back with the force . Doug reload still scream - bang ! lizard be hit in the throat and falls.to he knee . blood spray everywhere . Doug reload again - bang ! - hit in the shoulder , lizard fall back in the dirt . his face slam into the dust . exhausted , Doug walk over to he adversary . he be dead . disfigure with wound , Doug turn to Ruby , who extend the baby . ( continued ) 127 continued : ( 2 ) Doug can barely comprehend it - the nightmare be finally over ! he. drop the smoking gun and open he arm to embrace he baby . he cry tear of joy as he hold Catherine close to he . doug my baby ... my little princess ... it 's I , it 's daddy ... he kiss the baby and hug she tightly , elate . Ruby be move . she smile when suddenly she face freeze - lizard stand fifteen feet behind , holding the shotgun ! tremble , he lift the weapon towards Doug and the baby . instinctively , Ruby move to stop he . ka - chunk ! - lizard reload . his finger squeeze the trigger . bang ! at the last second , Ruby jump on lizard change the direction of the blast . they both fall off the mountain into the emptiness . they body plunge a hundred foot down , splattering on the rock below . ruby have sacrificed her own life to save doug and the baby . 130 ext . trailer - day 130 one of the family photo of the carter pose with they dog be slowly burn away in the flame . piece of the trailer still burn in the middle of the desert . surrounded by debris , papa Jupiter 's body be impaled.on a darken metal siding . still alive but entirely burnt , he skin be raw and unrecognizable . with every breath , blood spit from he mouth ... facing this post atomic creature , Bobby hesitates to take it out of its misery . Brenda come to he side - ( continued ) 102 . 130 continued : 130 brenda come on , Bobby . let 's get out of here ... Bobby 's face have change . he be no longer the innocent kid of just a few hour ago . his eye be now fill with rage and a determination to survive and succeed no matter what . Brenda and Bobby walk away from the burn trailer . on the other side of the smoke , they see - doug walking back with the baby , beast limping at he side . exhausted , wounded , disfigure , but still alive . 131 ext . hill - day 131 from a distance , next to the fiery trailer , we see Doug , Brenda , and Bobby gather around the baby . reunited again . from the summit of the hill , someone observes they with binoculars . the end