the flintstone written by steven E. do souza base on character create by joe barbera &amp ; william hanna early draft - September 1987 for educational purpose only the flintstone fade in : 1 ext . slate quarry - day 1 fred flintstone , archetypical everyman , sit atop he faithful heavy - equipment dinosaur , cranking the winch that make the mighty beast rip and tear into the quarry wall . 2 the quarry foreman 2 look down at he wristwatch . well ... actually , it 's a wrist sundial . and it 's magic time ... quittin ' time ... millerock time ! now the foreman turn from he watch to a steam whistle bird , and yank its tail . the bird squawks the end of the workday -- 3 another angle 3 fred yabba dabba do -- ! Fred happily discard he hard hat , leap out of the canvas-roof cab on the dino 's back , slide down the tail and bounce right into the seat of he stone and timber car ! he get up to a run start with the only motor ( he foot ) , slow to allow a " time clock " dinosaur to punch he stone timecard , and then he 's trot back up to speed and out of the gate ! music come up and over -- music ( v.o. ) ' flintstone , meet the flintstone , they be a modern Stone age fam - i- ly -- ' -- and so forth , as for the first time in " he - tor - y " we see the flintstone ' open credit live ! 4 tight on a mailbox 4 read " flintstone . " we widen as Fred skid to a halt in the driveway of he three - bedroom ranch cave . a moment later , wilma and pebble run out -- both look just like they should -- and get into the car . a beat behind they be the flintstone pet , dino and the saber-tooth cat . Fred pause , look around ... honk he horn ... barney , betty and bam - bam come out of the neighbor house , hop in ! ( continued ) 2 . 4 continued : 4 Fred 's foot slap on the street as the car start up -- music ( v.o. ) ' from the town of bedrock they be a page right out of he - tor -y -- ' 5 drive - in movie theatre - dusk 5 Fred and company pull in . he take a giant sea shell " speaker " off of its wooden stand and hook it to he car door . he lean over , put he arm around wilma . ( in the back seat , dino pop he head up , tear through the canvas top . ) dino pick up pebbles and bam - bam and put they on he head for a better view . camera zoom in on the drive - in screen and the word that America have wait twenty - five year to see in 70 mm dolby ( tm ) drop - your-popcorn reality : the flintstone and as the MAIN credit roll , we -- dissolve to : 6 a eerie carboniferous forest - dawn 6 Dew drip from strange multi-leafe plant . giant dragonflies buzz and hum to and for . bubbles rise from a still pond , and weird lungfish move onto the land . ( the third one out carry a little suitcase . ) camera pan past the lungfish to a muddy shore . with a dramatic musical sting , we discover a set of strange , hideous clawprint . the camera follows this , then widen to reveal the make of this footprint : a seven - foot tall and fearful beast we will call the xenosaurus . it look around menacingly . ( oddly , it 's carry a canvas sack , but we do not stress this . ) suddenly a garbage truck appear out of nowhere and run over the xenosaurus . 7 new angle 7 daze , the xenosaurus get up . as it do , we realize that we be not deep in some primeval forest , but on the shoulder of a gravel highway . a stone road sign read bedrock 1 /2 mile . rock vega , babylon &amp ; eden next three exit . now , the camera crane up above the sign and we see -- bedrock ! ( continued ) 3. 7 continued : 7 nestled incongruously in a savage landscape , the charming protosuburbia gleam in the dawn 's early spielberg light . the xenosaurus grab its sack and some silverware spill out . then it run off into the bush and out of sight . 8 with that garbage truck 8 it reach the crest of a hill where there 's a " welcome to bedrock " billboard which bear greeting from the rotary Club , the chamber of commerce , and ( of course ) the loyal order of Water buffaloe . the garbage truck guy drop they foot down through the floorboard and trot over the rise , coast down to the street below . the driver yank a wooden brake and the truck stop , and the rear guy hop off . one of they wave to -- 9 a milkman 9 who return the wave , then take a four-pack of stone bottle out of he milk truck , head towards a doorway . as the milkman drop off the milk , he pass a big tortoise with trash can on its back . the tortoise nod familiarly to the milkman , then it waddle down the curb , camera following . the garbage man take the can off the tortoise 's back , dump they into the truck . 10 rear of truck 10 -- revealing that the back of the truck be actually a giant - jaw creature strapped onto the chassis . the garbage man dump the can into its maw ... it happily swallow the work , lick its lip , belches . 11 back to scene 11 the garbagem slam the can back on the tortoise , who wince as they drive off . tortoise ( under he breath ) you can forget about a tip for Christmas ... it waddle back up the lawn ... pass by a wooden " lawn timer " box which now pop open . Inside the box be a " roostersaurus " which crow and flap its wing . the motion of the wing knock loose two round stone which roll down two long trough a la rube Goldberg ... 4. 12 following the round stone 12 they reach the end of they respective path , dislodge a stick ... that release a coiled rope which in turn spin a turntable which hold a little wooly mammoth . as it begin to spin around , it squirt water out of its snout . elsewhere on the lawn , other spin mammoth repeat this performance . after a moment , they gradually slow they revolution . the one close to the house scrunches its trunk with a groan . little mammoth ( sotto ) oh , my aching sinuse ... 13 int . flintstone ' bedroom - day 13 widen from the windowsill , where a little sea shell hearing aid trumpet amplifies another roostersaurus " cock -a-doodle -doo " into the ear of a " clock radio woodpecker . " the woodpecker yawn , get out of bed , put a timecard in a little clock . then it turn and begin peck on a bell , which ring piercingly . 14 int . bedroom - new angle 14 two shape be visible under the bedclothes : one be a great snoring bulge , the other be a svelte and lithe shape . as the bell continue ringing , the larger bulge grunt , moan , pull a pillow over its head , and then finally grope under the bed for a slipper . the slipper be throw without aim -- 15 the woodpecker 15 duck just in time . it wipe its forehead nervously . radio woodpecker ( sotto ) I hate this job ... there 's not even a health plan ... he stagger back up to he perch , and then notice for the first time that the dial on the side be point not to " alarm " but to " alarm &amp ; radio . " the woodpecker sigh , look over at the bed where snoring be still emanate . then the bird swing a little telescope around to point out the window . 16 woodpecker's telescope - Iris shot 16 as the ' scope pan and focus , finally settling on a distant stone building mark radio station b-rok . ( continued ) 5 . 16 continued : 16 perched on top of the wooden radio tower be a monkey and a octopus . the monkey hold up cue card which the octopus read , and then wave nautical semaphore flag . 17 back to scene 17 we woodpecker squint , clear he throat . radio woodpecker ( deeper " on - air " voice ) good morning , bedrock . this be station b-r-o- k with the morning weather and news ... 18 in the bed 18 the big bulge grunt and mutter a bit , then one hand grope around , find the curvaceous form under the neighbor cover ... feel it tentatively ... then the finger " walk " upwards ... radio woodpecker ( o.s. ) it will be fair and mild through the weekend , continue for the next eight hundred year , follow by cool breeze and a protract ice age ... that walk finger have reach the top edge of the cover ... now they pull they down revealing the owner 's face ... the face of Fred , he eye at half - mast , he face cover in fashionable " bedrock vice " stubble . fred ( with genuine charm ) wil-ma . wil-ma ? how about a great big good morning kiss for you freddy -weddy ? and he pull the cover down to reveal -- dino , who be immediately " yi - yi - yi - yi - ing , " hopping all over the bed and shower Fred with sloppy kiss . fred dino ! dino , cut it out -- ! radio woodpecker ( o.s. ) in the news , bedrock civic and business leader meet yesterday to discuss the grow kibble crisis . ( more ) ( continued ) 6 . 18 continued : 18 radio woodpecker ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ecological activist Ralph naderock warn that if new supplies of kibble be not find , we animal - power civilization itself may be threaten . by now dino 's affection attack have knock both master and pet to the floor in a jumble of bedclothes , ass and elbow . dino begin to roll Fred across the room like a seal play with a ball . fred dino , that 's enough -- here , look , daddy have a nice dino bone for you , just please stop it -- Fred have now back up to a dresser , where he grab a brightly - color box label " purinrock dino treat . " Fred hold it up -- dino get up on two leg , eager for the treat -- Fred shake the box ... ala , nothing come out . dino " yi - yi be " again , propelling Fred into the next room . 19 int . flintstone kitchen - day 19 five - year - old pebble giggle at the table as Fred and dino tumble into the room like Frank Buck and a lion . wilma turn at the noise . one look at she and we under - stand Fred 's romantic turn . radio woodpecker ( o.s. ) in other news , bedrock police report that the xenosaurus have strike again ! yes , the fiercesome intruder be sighted in the bedrock Hills for the third time this month . outly shop and residency report extensive looting and property destruction ... wilma Fred , stop play with dino and sit down . you breakfast 's get cold . say this , wilma put a huge egg at Fred 's place . meanwhile , Fred manage to get to he foot , hold out one arm to keep dino at bay . Fred do a big " take , " look out the window -- ( continued ) 7. 19 continued : 19 fred ( throw open the door ) oooh , dino , look -- there 's a nice big dino bone lay out on the front lawn -- ! pause . dino give he a big look as if to say , " oh , yeah ? " fred ( try again ) -- gosh , look at that adorable little female dino -- " yi - yi - yi - yi , " dino be out the door like a rocket . Fred cackle , slam it shut , then sit down at the table . fred -- that animal 's gonna kill I with kindness . do you know we be out of dino treat ? wilma so be everybody else in bedrock . that kibble crisis be get worse every day . she put two giant slice of bread into a toaster . two claw - like device hold the toast , pull it out of sight . wilma I be afraid dino 's go to have to manage on leftover from pebbles and I . fred ( sit down ) and what 's wrong with my leftover ? wilma I will let you know when I see some . radio woodpecker ( o.s. ) ( finish up ) ... scientist from b.c. University report that the footprint of the xenosaurus match no know animal . ( continued ) 8. 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 pebble mommy , be the bad Ze-ze-zenosaurus gonna get I and eat I up ? wilma of course not , baby . fred that 's right , sweetheart . the only thing that 's gonna eat you up be -- I ! and he grab she and bite she and tickle she . pebble ( giggle , calming ) I be still a little scared ... fred pebbles , do not worry . this storey be very exaggerated . like , you know , the boogyman ? there 's no such thing as a huge , inhuman reptile that attack without warning -- wham ! dino reappear , bound through the window and knock Fred onto the floor . once again dino be happily lick and loving and cuddle he callously unresponsive owner . Fred struggle to avoid the slurping tongue , pull himself up to the window sill , look out . fred -- oh , look , everybody , the mailman be here -- " yi - yi - yi - yi ! " dino busy it again , run to the door , let himself out . this time Fred put a chair against the door . meanwhile , wilma turn at the sound of the toaster popping up . we see that the " claw " we see earlier be the actual claw of a lobster in a little fireproof suit who be tuck inside the toaster . as wilma take the toast , the lobster blow on he claw , wince , then look toward the camera . lobster well , it beat work in a seafood restaurant ... ( continued ) 9 . 19 continued : ( 3 ) 19 fred ( take the toast ) thanks , wilma ... Fred slap jelly on the toast , take a big bite , and then something outside the window catch he eye . 20 he Pov - STREET 20 a paperboy on a wood - and -stone bicycle be come rapidly towards the house . in the bike 's basket be a stack of dry , rock -hard clay tablet . 21 back to scene 21 Fred lean out the window , wave he hand . fred Arnold ! Arnold ! do not aim at the house -- please , not at the house -- wham ! Fred duck back just as the stone newspaper slam into the window frame , smashing a flowerpot , take out a chunk of wall , and continue diagonally through the kitchen and out another window . Fred follow this action in time to see -- 22 he driveway - through the other window 22 the rock paper drop like a foul shot , rip through the canvas roof of Fred 's car , and then bang a huge dent in the hood . 23 back to scene 23 Fred sigh , turn back to he breakfast . wilma lucky it be not the Sunday paper . fred ( slight smile ) yeah . what else can go wrong ? he slice through the big egg with he knife -- release a baby pterodactyl which squawks and flap , knock Fred over as it take off through the window . dissolve to : 24 ext . flintstone driveway - later 24 Fred -- now dress for work -- be forlornly try to fix he car . ( continued ) 10 . 24 continued : 24 in the neighbor driveway , wilma and Betty pile the kid into Betty 's car . betty ( wiping they mouth ) come on , kid . time for nursery school . pebble ' bye -bye , daddy . fred ' bye , little sweetheart . ( as wilma clear she throat ) ' bye , big sweetheart . Fred kiss they both and they drive off . Fred sigh , try to stretch the canvas roof edge close enough to stitch . nearby , dino struggle to drag the stone news - paper inside the house . the twin headline be , of course , kibble crisis grow and mysterious xenosaurus strike again . suddenly a pink flamingo appear over the hedge . as its mouth open and close , it appear to be talk , but the voice be that of -- barney Nice morning , huh , Fred ? fred what 's nice about it ? barney heh , hey . that Arnold 's get a real arm on he , do not he ? now we see that barney be hold the flamingo 's stiff leg which he scissors , make the bird 's beak trim the hedge . fred this be the third ragtop this year ... say , should not you be at work ? barney ah , well , that appliance store and I , we kinda have a little adjustment -- fred you get fire , do not ya ? ( continued ) 11 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 barney Fred , do not start on I again . I donno , I be just not a nine to five guy . I get dream , Fred . idea -- fred yeah , I know , I know , that crazy invention of yours . be honest with I , barn ... tell I one thing you invent that really catch on . barney I invent fire . fred ( pause ) you invent fire ? barney I tell you that , Fred . but the coal conglomerate rip I off . the case be still in court , but meanwhile I get lotsa other idea -- fred yeah , but do any one of they ever put bread on the table ? how long be you and Betty gonna live on that penny - ante royalty you get ? Fred pull he car hood off of its wooden hinge , examine it with dismay . fred if you ask I , pal , you be just blow smoke up you own volcano ... barney maybe , Fred . but first ... he use the flamingo 's jaw to snatch the car hood from Fred 's surprised grasp . barney let I try some of that smoke on you car . CUT to : 12 . 25 int . barney' garage / workshop - day 25 we can still see Fred 's car in the neighbor driveway . ( we can also see dino , who drag the newspaper on a bit more , then collapse from exhaustion ) . barney 's garage be cluttere with all kind of odd and end , plus various invention and scale model in different stage of completion . ( interestingly , a number of this anticipate Leonardo da vinci 's work ) . many of the model be make of a strange celadon green material . Fred watch , skeptical , as barney press the car hood into some soft clay between two big block of stone . barney ( as he work ) -- see , the first step , we make a mold of the old car hood , smooth out the dent in the clay -- he toss the original car hood aside with a crash . then , move rapidly , he start heaving a variety of ingredient into the reverse imprint of the car hood . barney -- add some lava granule ... some woca leave ... juice from two coo-coo berry ... fred ( impressed ) two coo- coo berry ? you make of money , barney ? barney anything for a pal , Fred -- a lump of coal ... bamboo sawdust ... eucalyptus sap ... a touch of the La brea tarbrush -- and -- voila . barney dip a finger in this mess , " taste " it ; satisfied , he yank on a hang rope and a giant rock weight slam down on the whole mess , make Fred jump out of he skin . 26 new angle 26 Fred be cake with dust . he cough and spit . fred barney , why do not you try invent a brain for yourself ! look at what you do to -- ( continued ) 13 . 26 continued : 26 he stop as barney crank up the weight on a ratchet , proudly lift out a perfect ( though greenish ) duplicate of the car hood . as Fred examine it , impressed despite himself , we ... CUT to : 27 betty' car - traveling 27 the two kid be in the back seat . somehow both of the kid ' face be messy again . work together with beautiful precision , they be carefully dismantle the rear armrest and door handle . betty ( in mid-speech , drive ) ... oh , it 's not that I be complain , wilma . I mean , barney 's sweet , but ... well , he 's just not cut out to punch a clock . and he 's such a dreamer , you think he ever once pick up a hammer and chisel and try to balance a checkbook ? they pull up in front of a pleasant - look simple little nursery school . mrs . granite , a pleasant - look 65 , see they from the schoolyard , wave while wilma and Betty un - load the kid . betty no , barney just keep look for that coo- coo berry pie in the sky , and I do not want to pop he balloon by talk about the price of mastodon rib . she wipe off bam - bam 's mouth with a handkerchief . wilma do the same with pebbles and then they kiss the kid , who immediately run into the schoolyard . mrs . granite ( approach ) Mrs. rubble , Mrs. flintstone , I want to thank you personally . betty you be welcome , Mrs. granite . but we wipe they mouth every day . mrs . granite no , no , I mean for all you wonderful support the past few year . it 's parent like you that make I think twice about retire . ( continued ) 14 . 27 continued : 27 from the schoolyard come the sudden sound of kide quar - reling and then a thud and some crying . mrs . granite on the other hand ... wilma and Betty laugh . wilma we be really go to miss you , too , Mrs. granite . mrs . granite have you find another school for the child ? betty we be still shopping around . wilma fortunately , we be both -- wilma and Betty straighten ... salute . wilma &amp ; betty ( they have do this routine before ) -- professional shopper ! as the three woman laugh , we ... CUT to : 28 ext . bedrock STREET - travelling - day 28 Fred and barney drive along . ( behind they , the same house and palm seem to be go by ... duplex , palm ... split level , two palm ... duplex , palm ) . barney grin , gesture towards the front of the car . barney not bad , eh ? after it cure for a hour or so , it 's solid as a rock . fred okay , you fix a dent hood . but you call that a live ? face it , pal , this be the Stone Age , and it 's a dino eat dino world . you want my advice ? barney do I ever ? ( continued ) 15 . 28 continued : 28 fred you stick with I today , cruise on down to the quarry and fill out a job application . I be a big man there , barney -- barney you be a big man anywhere , Fred -- fred I be serious , pal . I and Mr. Slate be just like this -- he take he hand off the wheel to hold up two finger ... end up swerving instead . fred -- just like that . I know , I know -- you be not a clock - punch guy -- but face it , barney -- it 's time to grow up and put you nose to the grindstone , batten down the hatches and join the ratasaurus race with the rest of we . ( meaningfully ) it 's time to retire that dream . barney look glum , do not say anything . suddenly Fred pull over , stop the car . fred barney . look. 29 wide shot 29 they be at the crest of a high wide hill . barney hey . lava Lane . fred remember the old day , barn ? we use to race we go -cart here to impress the girl . barney ( wistful ) yeah , that be the day ... we usta dream about come back here some day with a real car and goin ' for the goldrock ...! a look from one to another , and then down the hill ... Fred get a malicious grin on he face . ( continued ) 16 . 29 continued : 29 barney Fred ... I think you say it be time to retire that old dream . fred hey . since when do I have to be consistent ? the two pal laugh , and then with a whoop they begin pedall like mad . they go over the top , gravity take over and they be fly past that billboard with all the rotary Club welcome on it . but now we see a different sort of welcome , as a police car zoom out from behind it . 30 police car - closer 30 Inside be sergeant feldspar and he rookie partner , officer gravel . cackle with anticipation , feldspar open a box mark radar detector . out pop a little bird in a police helmet . it have a stopwatch ( actually , stop-sundial ) around its neck . feldspar point -- the bird salute -- take off ! 31 fred and barney 31 barney ( spot the cop ) oh - oh ! Fred , slow down -- ! suddenly both Fred and barney see the radar bird fly alongside they . it check its stopwatch , write a note to itself . Fred be so preoccupy he do not notice as -- 32 the police car 32 cut in front of Fred . Fred slam on the " brake , " sit helplessly as feldspar get out , walk over , grin . feldspar well , flintstone , look like today 's the day . fred sergeant feldspar , I ... I be not speed ... honest ... Fred reach down to the floorboard as he speak ... 33 angle on floorboard 33 there 's a box there mark radar buster . ( continued ) 17 . 33 continued : 33 feldspar ( o.s. ) forget it , flintstone . this time I get you dead to rights -- Fred open the box . a scary - look winge reptile stick out its head , smack its hungry lip . 34 back to scene 34 confident , feldspar jerk a thumb at the radar Bird , turn to he rookie partner . feldspar gravel . get I the radar read and I will show you how we deal with scofflaw . gravel nod , step towards the bird . the bird check its stopwatch ... and then it notice the fly lizard which be hover nearby , lick its lip . radar bird whoa ! wing , do you stuff -- ! the radar Bird fly away at a hundred mile a hour , leave a cloud of dust and the stopwatch behind . feldspar catch the watch , startle . fred well , sergeant , if you do not have a radar read , I guess we will -- ( quickly ) -- justbeonourway -- ! a new cloud of dust appear as Fred roar away . feldspar flintstone ! flintstone , come back here -- ! CUT to : 35 ext . bedrock butcher shop - day 35 Betty and wilma have just pull up . we notice that next to they legal spot , a big limousine be park in a " no parking " zone . but we law - abide Betty in the next space now drop a stone coin in a parking meter . 36 close on the meter 36 Inside the window we see a little bird . it " bite " the coin to check it , then turn over a egg timer . ( continued ) 18 . 36 continued : 36 little bird ( with a sigh ) four year in accounting school for this ... 37 int . butcher shop - day 37 it 's absolutely mobbed . customer push past each other with armload of food . gigantic cut of meat hang from above or be on display behind the counter . morris the butcher look up from the chaos and manage a weak smile for the girl . betty Morris , what on earth be go on ? you give away bronto filet ? morris ah , my two loveliest customer . it 's this darn kibble crisis , Mrs. r... people be buy everything I get to feed they dino ... mrs. slate Young man , if you be through flirt , I would like some service . 38 new angle 38 revealing mrs . slate , who stand there , impatient and overdress . morris of course , Mrs. Slate . just take a number . wilma sense the tension , quickly step forward to break it with a smile . wilma ah , hello , Mrs. Slate . Morris react with relief . Mrs. Slate react with a blank look . wilma ( prompt ) we meet at the quarry picnic ? mrs . slate oh , of course . Mrs. flintstein . she turn she back to wilma , force she way towards the counter again . wilma burn . ( continued ) 19 . 38 continued : 38 morris lady , the meat 's not get any fresher . Mrs. R , what will it be ? betty oh , I would like some ground mammoth patty and uh ... some dodo drumstick . morris gino ? we get any dodo bird ? gino turn , look at he end of the counter . gino there 's one leave -- and it 's the last one ! morris good. ( hand he the note ) give it to Mrs. rubble along with this . gino nod , smile . he pick up a crate , begin to load it with giant fryer part and several manhole - size meat patty . morris ( turn to Betty ) how about you , Mrs. f? wilma I just need a few thing for Fred . morris ' Fred ...'? ( call into the back ) David ! herman ! get Rob and bobo and tell them to bring the big dolly ! voice from back ( o.s. ) flintstone again , huh ? morris you get it . now then ... Mrs. Slate ? ( point at the limo outside the shop ) you be in a no parking zone there . ( continued ) 20 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 mrs . slate well , if I get some service , I will be out of it , will not I ? Mrs. Slate step to the counter . meanwhile , the staff begin use a refrigerator dolly to bring out giant rib , steak and sausage which they pile up in front of wilma . mrs . slate I want a nice fresh , juicy chickensaurus , Morris . and not one you have have lay around on the shelf . I mean fresh . morris Mrs. Slate , we be kind of busy now -- mrs . slate I do not care if you be busy . what I care about be my adorable little grand nephew . he 's stay with I for the summer and I intend to make he favorite dish ... Southern fry chickensaurus ! now I want a fresh chickensaurus and I want it now ! morris boy , you hear she ... she say fresh . 39 the staff 39 with a sigh , they buckle on elbow and knee protector , go to a side door , open it . Inside be another bar door . they open it , go inside . immediately we hear loud squawking and cackling ... thud , bump ... 40 new angle 40 suddenly the bar door slam open and a giant chicken - saurus come bound out , with Morris 's staff hang all over it like rodeo cowboy . they try and restrain it with rope but it 's enraged and flop around the store . mrs . slate ( oblivious of the trouble ) Morris , while you be at it , I would like it pluck -- ( continued ) 21 . 40 continued : 40 suddenly the chickensaurus snap the rope , flap its wing and leap through the front window -- 41 ext . butcher shop - day 41 the huge bird land with a crunch atop Mrs. Slate 's car , which be practically squash flat . then it disappear around the corner . ( we hear car horn and skidding tire as it go . ) 42 back to scene 42 mrs . slate my car -- ! wilma and Betty try and hide they laughter . CUT to : 43 ext . slate construction - day 43 Cloud of dust rise from behind the fence . we see the head of the heavy equipment dino rise and fall . a two -story office building be at one end of the site with a big " Slate construction Inc. " sign on the roof . camera adjust as Fred 's car turn into the lot , barney seat beside Fred . the new green hood gleam in the morning light . 44 closer - fred' car 44 Fred dig he foot into the ground , slam to a halt . he get out , survey the activity . immediately , the various worker shout ad lib greeting . Fred acknowledge this , beam in the respect he get here . he lovingly dust off he construction helmet , put it on , knock a offend speck from he parking sign ( f. flintstone - shop steward ) . he lead barney towards the quarry area . fred barney , you will not regret this -- hiya , Al -- fix dent in car be one thing , a career 's another . here , you be get in on the ground floor of the first footstep of a new leaf -- hi , wally , how 's the old backhand ? and with a guy like I to show you the rope , you can skip all the red tape , all the malarky , all the dino doo -- 22 . 45 new angle 45 Fred stand near the weight station booth , where a plump girl in a beehive hairdo sit inside a trailer . girl ( New York accent ) hi , Mr. flintstone . fred hiya , shirley . this be my very special neighbor and pal barney rubble . he need a application form , okay ? girl anything for you , Mr. flintstone . she slam down two clay tablet and a stylus . girl here you go . ( smile ) thanks again for the football ticket . my boyfriend and I both like they . fred my pleasure , shirl . anytime . girl okay . but do you think next time we could go to the same game ? fred ( confidently ) no problem . Fred smile at she , hand the form to barney . fre step towards the quarry , admire the activity , hand on hip , master of all he survey . he wave to more friend . fred well , barn , what do I tell you ? when you be in with flintstone , you be in like flint . barney gee , Fred . I know you be a big shot . I just do not know how big . Fred beam at that , and then follow barney 's gaze to the read - out on the truck scale . Fred be stand on it and it 's push 250 . with a scowl , Fred grab barney 's sleeve and they go into the quarry . as they move , the camera pan and crane up toward the window of the Slate construction Office . CUT to : 23 . 46 int . office - pullback from window 46 the room here be dominate by a tabletop architectural model of a large scale construction project . there 's acre of little development house , then some tall office building , a mall , you name it : there 's even little foot - power model car in the model parking space . near this we see mr . slate , a giant in the bedrock con - struction business ( but not in height ) . Slate drink coffee from a " boss " mug , listen with grow impatience to jerry lava . several of Slate 's lackey listen , they head nodd up or down in sympathy with Slate 's mer - curial mood . lava uncle , if you will look at this unit cost projection ... it intersect here with -- slate -- how would you like my fist to intersect with you nose ? I have tell you a hundred time , do not call I uncle in the office ! now , I do not arrange you scholarship to harvrock University so you could waste my time ! so stop beat around the bushasaurus and get to the bottom slime ! lava you will be bankrupt in six month . Slate do a Danny Thomas spit take all over the model . 47 ext . quarry - moving shot 47 Fred and barney cross the busy lot , sidestepping worker and animal . Fred do a lot of backslapp , wave . barney 's fill out the form on the move . behind they , we see the wide access ramp which spiral around the quarry 's side . barney ( to himself ) Social Security number ... dependent ... ' how learn of job ' ... newspaper ad , carrier pigeon ... ( write ) ... personal reference ... hear a loud smash , Fred look up and see -- 48 fred be Pov - a wrecking ball operator 48 a burly and rough look guy name piltdown , he grin in - side he dino-topping cupola , wind he winch handle and then propel he wreck ball towards the ... 24 . 49 quarry wall - above 49 -- where the huge stone ball smashes into some walnut balanced on a boulder . 50 wider 50 piltdown 's compact buddy pyrite cackle , sweep up the walnut . munch they , he balance a new one in place . ( it should be note here that the relationship and physi - cal appearance of piltdown and pyrite mirror that of we heroes ... they be sort of a anti- Fred and barney . ) pyrite Way to go , pilty baby . five buck say you can not hit one on the fly . piltdown ( call up ) yer on , pyrite -- pyrite toss a walnut , which bounce on the ledge . the wreck ball smashes into the stone wall . 51 below 51 worker near Fred duck as dust and debris fall down . people grab for they construction helmet . fred not again ... Fred hustle up a ladder to a ramp which lead he up to the level of piltdown 's cab . barney hurry to follow . fred all right , piltdown , that 's enough ! you be endangering you fellow worker ! piltdown yeah ? sez who ? fred say I , Fred flintstone -- shop steward of amalgamate neolithic worker 101 . piltdown yeah ? well , a.n.w. one - oh- one give we worker a snack break . so ... ( a nasty grin ) ... I be breakin ' some snack . he swing the wreck ball again . 25 . 52 up above 52 this time he 's overdo it : the wreck ball fly past the walnut -- pyrite duck for cover -- and then the wreck ball whip over and around the handrail which run along here , twist as tightly as Indiana Jones ' whip . the handrail wobble dangerously in its foundation -- 53 piltdown' dino 53 snort , back up -- the crane support on its back begin to creak and groan with the strain -- 54 wider 54 worker scatter , fearful of the imminent collapse . Fred run to grab the dino 's rein . fred whoa , whoa , big fella -- he calm the beast by give it a carrot . as it munch , Fred quickly tie the rein to a post . fred ( call up to the cab ) you be on report , piltdown ! if it 's up to I you will be push a wheelbarrow ! piltdown ( leaping down ) you have be ask for this , flintstone ... I be gonna kick you fat butt -- fred fat butt ? hold I back , barney -- ( sotto , very sincere ) -- barney , hold I back -- quickly the man form a circle around piltdown and Fred . barney look up and see -- 55 the crane on the dino' back 55 it be shudder and threaten to come crash down . 56 back to scene 56 barney hey , maybe you guy oughta fix that first . piltdown why should we ? ( continued ) 26 . 56 continued : 56 barney it look dangerous . besides , you can kick Fred 's fat butt anytime . fred yeah . that 's right . ( realize , a glare at barney ) I mean -- this be not over , piltdown . ( turn , shouting ) come on , guy . let 's clean up the mess . with much grumble , rope and grapple hook be gather and the crew hop to it ... 57 int . slate' office - same time 57 Slate stand in a blubber fury as lava mop coffee up from the model and Slate 's face . slate bankrupt ? be you crazy ? lava hold up a clay tablet cover with figure . lava it 's all here in hack and slice . when you commit to this housing development the price of dino kibble be a few clam per ton . since then , it 's go up a hundredfold . ( indicate the model ) you can not build a project like this without the heavy equipment dino , and we can not afford to feed that dino . Slate glower , pace around the model . slate I be two month behind schedule , my option 's run out on the land and Donald trumprock be just wait to jump in and steal the whole deal ... meanwhile that damn union 's on my back , hell , they will probably want a eighty hour week or something ... ( frustrated ) there 's get to be a answer ... a loud commotion outside the window attract everyone 's attention . ( continued ) 27 . 57 continued : 57 slate what 's that ? lava ( worried ) sound like a worker 's comp claim if I ever hear one ... all rush to the window . they look out and see -- 58 the quarry - wide 58 supervise by Fred , all the worker be strain on the rope to haul the rear leg of the crane back into they socket on the back of the big dino . only the last critical rope be still dangle . fred barney ! grab that line ! hurry ! barney scramble up Fred 's back , shove a foot in Fred 's face , but finally snatching the rope . he pull on it ... Fred throw he own weight into the effort ... 59 the crane 59 thud into place on the dino 's back -- the worker cheer -- 60 the wrecking ball 60 ala , with its cable now twisted short , it 's become a immovable object , and as the shorten cable snap , the wreck ball begin to roll down the quarry wall . 61 new angle 61 Men and animal yelp and dive out of the way as the ball roll downward , smashing everything in its path . 62 ext . slate' office window 62 the executive watch concerned as -- 63 the wrecking ball 63 tumble down , down , knock scaffold and ladder aside , reach the end of a ramp , and drop through the air right onto -- 64 the hood of fred' car 64 -- where , astonishingly , the hood sink in resiliently like a trampoline and then with a loud " sproing " the wreck ball fly straight back up into the air , follow a beat behind by the unhinge hood itself . both hurtle toward the camera -- 28 . 65 slate and executive 65 react fearfully as they realize all this be come straight for they . with a howl , they all dive aside -- 66 int . slate' office - wider - day 66 the wreck ball fly through the window , slam onto Slate 's desk , crush everything in its path and then sail on smashing right into -- 67 the model development 67 -- where all of the line up high rise smash aside with a sound like fall pin . 68 in the quarry 68 the worker pick themselves up and now they eye follow the path take by the long - go wreck ball . fred oh boy . Goodbye pension fund -- they rush for the office building . 69 int . slate' office - day 69 Dust be still settling . the staff rise from the mess , cough . lava rummages in the debris , find a stiff body . lava uncle , uncle , speak to I -- but it 's only a statue of a golfer from one of Slate 's trophy . slate ( sit up ) I be over here , you moron -- and do not call I ' uncle ' ! Slate 's eye fall on Fred 's car hood , swinging from a bookshelf . he reach for it -- pull it -- it stay put , and only release a new deluge of rubble and plaster which rebury he . at the same time , the door slam open and Fred , barney and the other worker tumble inside . 70 there Pov - office 70 as they take in the destruction . barney notice the wreck ball amidst the model building . as we watch , the last remain little high rise fall . ( continued ) 29 . 70 continued : 70 barney hey , nice go , Fred . you even get the spare -- fred barney , shut up -- ( turn ) Mr. Slate -- Mr. Slate -- be you all right ? Slate stagger to he foot , seethe with fury . he finally yank the car hood free . it bounce and vibrate in he hand like a hand see . slate ( eying the man ) for five year Slate construction have have the finest safety record in bedrock . ( pace , angry ) we worker be train in first aid , we equipment be first rate and we dino be worm free . and then something like this happen ... I want to know how ! a cacophony of voice start to answer . slate shut up ! ( in the sudden silence ) I want one person to answer I : ( wave the car hood ) who 's responsible for this ? 71 piltdown 71 nudge the wreck ball off the edge of the table . it fall on Fred 's foot . Fred start to scream and piltdown shove a pencil holder into he mouth . piltdown ( quickly ) it be flintstone , Mr. Slate ! pyrite that 's right , Mr. Slate , it be flintstone ! barney that 's a lie , Mr. Slate ! slate who be you ? ( continued ) 30 . 71 continued : 71 barney ( point to he form ) B. rubble . White male personal reference -- slate ( push barney aside ) flintstone , I have just one thing to say to you -- Fred cringe . piltdown and pyrite smirk . slate ( pump he hand ) congratulation ! fred piltdown huh ? what ? slate this stuff you have on you car be the most incredible building material I have see in thirty year in the construction business ! ( testing it ) it 's strong -- ( twirling it ) -- Light -- ( bend it ) -- resilient -- it rebound , " sproinging " he on the chin . he recover , shake it off . slate where on earth do you get it ? fred oh , it 's ah , just something I whipped up in the old garage workshop -- ( quickly ) -- with a little help from my buddy barney , right , barn ? barney well , actually , Fred , it be the other way be -- Fred hiss between he tooth , repeat the " Slate and I be just like this " gesture he make earlier , point at Slate . ( continued ) 31 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 barney ( reluctant ) sure , Fred , right , right . Slate nod , distract , he eye and hand run over the smooth line of the car hood . slate the rest of you man go back to work . I want to talk to flintstone and the personal reference alone . come on , move , move ... they go out , piltdown look furious . slate ( a man in love ) Light as a pterodactyl feather ... why , a child could handle this ... lava , we could cut construction cost in half ... in quarter ... in uh ... whatchacallit -- lava ( patiently ) eighths -- slate eighths , right . flintstone , what do you call this stuff ? fred well , Mr. Slate , I call it -- ( hesitate , sotto ) -- barney , what do I call it ? barney ( sotto ) fibrerock , Fred ... fred -- I call it fibrerock Fred -- ! ( realize ) I mean , ah , ' fibrerock ' ! slate ( roll it over he tongue ) ' fibrerock ' ? ' fibrerock ' ? ( play with it ) ' fib -bre-rock ' -- Slate 's staff make disparage noise . ( continued ) 32 . 71 continued : ( 3 ) 71 slate I love it ! slate' staff ( instantly reversing themselves ) Love it ... great ... have a nice ring ... say it all , you know ? ( etc ... ) Slate take the piece of material , lean it on the table so it catch the light . despite himself , lava come over , examine the car hood ... can not help but marvel at it as well . meanwhile , Slate put he arm around Fred and barney . slate ( to lava ) you see this , lava ? all that course of yours at harvrock University , and who save my bacon ? two simple - minded run-of- the-mill nobody . barney gee , thanks , Mr. Slate . lava glower . Slate pull Fred and barney close with genuine excitement . slate boy , this be a small step for Slate construction ... a giant step for all mankind . he point to the translucent material . camera tightens on it . we see Fred , barney and Slate 's reflection in it . slate ( dramatically ) the Stone Age be over ! let the fibre Age begin ! as heroic music sting in , we ... CUT to : 72 betty' car - traveling - day 72 Mrs. Slate be in back , cramme in with grocery . Betty pull up in front of a building that look like a Palm Springs spa . this be " l'ecole des enfant prehistorique haute superior . " ( continued ) 33. 72 continued : 72 betty here we be , Mrs. Slate . sorry you have to ride in the back . mrs. slate ( get out ) not at all . I be use to be drive around . and she 's sashaying up the path . Betty and wilma burn , then follow she . 73 int . school - day 73 as elegant as we can get mmmcxv year before Louis xiv . as the three woman come in , we see child with alliga - tor on they deerskin shirt sing : child ' La hachette de mar tante est sur le roche de mon oncle -- ' headmistress ( come over , gush ) Madame Mrs. Slate , bonjour ! welcome to l'ecole des enfant prehistorique haute Superior ! mrs . slate thank you , Marie . ( show a rock receipt ) I order the hor d'oeuvre for the junior talent show . they be out of ceolanth caviar so I get mastodon brie instead . oh , ah , this be my , uh , friend , wilma flintstein -- wilma flintstone -- mrs . slate -- oh , it use to be flintstein -- ? and this be ah , Becky ... Betty ! the headmistress reach over , take they hand gracefully . headmistress enchante . wilma I be sure . ( continued ) 34 . 73 continued : 73 betty likewise . headmistress ( wave a hand ) well , Madame Slate , as you can see , we remain ze creme de la creme in the croissant of life know as bedrock . now , you leetle gran ' nephew will be wiz we for two week , no ? ( open a drawer ) here be ze application for he . a ' mais oui , he weel participate in zee annual talent show , naturalment ? Mrs. Slate take the parchment application . meanwhile the headmistress look appraisingly at wilma and Betty . headmistress a ' you friend perhaps would like zum school application for zere enfant ? mrs . slate ( amused ) they ? oh , Marie , really , you do not understand -- betty ( suddenly ) that 's right , you do not understand . my husband 's business manager usually handle this sort of thing , but I do not mind . and to wilma 's astonishment , Betty take one of the parchment . betty I know bam - bam -- ( correct herself ) -- pardonez-moi , ' bem - bem ' will love attend you school and perform in the talent show . thank you oh so much . she give Mrs. Slate a even and control look , and send some of it over in wilma 's direction as well . wilma make she choice , smile tightly . wilma let I have one of that , too . for mar petite pebbles . ( continued ) 35 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 headmistress of course . any friend of Madame Slate be a friend of mine . as Mrs. Slate react , we -- CUT to : 74 int . car - fred and barney - night 74 they be cruise along . Fred puff on a cigar . barney flip the pile of legal size tablet in he lap . in the back seat be some box and bundle . barney gee , Fred , I do not believe it . eight hour ago I do not have a job and now look -- I get 1 / 2 of one percent of the after- tax after - expense net breakage profit on fibrerock ! fred just be thankful I be there to go over the fine print . ( full of himself ) it 's like I tell you this morning -- there 's something noble about a man digging in with he hand and do a honest day 's work . once you file that dream under ' old business ' and put you nose to the plow , well , the world be you oyster . and be I right ? barney no , Fred , you be not . I do not nose any grindstone and you do not shoulder a wheel . we just hang out together and everything that happen be a total accident . fred ( after a moment ) detail , barney , detail ... ( smile ) I just can not wait to see the girl ' face when we tell them the news ... 75 int . flintstone house - night 75 the girl ' frown be a great contrast to they husband ' smile . wilma 's look at the school enrollment form . Betty pace , look at the clock . ( continued ) 36 . 75 continued : 75 wilma ( see this ) it 's not like the boy to be so late . betty unless they be force to go bowl again . remember that time a burglar point a gun at they and say , ' go bowl right now ' ? wilma Betty , sometimes you be a little too gullible -- betty do not tell I . I still can not believe what I do today ... wilma no kid . ( indicate the form ) do you have any idea of what the enrollment fee be ? and get this ... it 's non- refundable -- betty I know , I know ! I just could not stand that woman 's attitude ! but we have to find a new school anyway , and there we be ... the next thing I know , I be in over my head ... but why do you jump in , too ? wilma oh , she be get to I too with all that mastodon snort about she little nephew ... and ... betty and ? wilma and ... if a friend can not help you do something stupid , who can ? Betty smile , touch . then reality intrude again . betty what do we tell the boy ? wilma what 's wrong with the truth ? ( continued ) 37 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 betty we put ourselves in debt so the kid can attend school with a family we can not stand ? wilma ( pause ) maybe we could rephrase it ... suddenly the door burst open . Fred and barney run in with candy and flower . fred and barney surprise ! pause . betty Flowers ? wilma rock candy ? that 's nice , but ... why ? fred why ? oh , I and barn , we suddenly realize that we have a little spare change . wilma ( sotto ) not anymore you do not ... barney ( present flower ) Betty , this be for you . for stick beside I during the tough time , and well ... for make a little guy feel like he be ten foot tall . betty aw , barney ... I ... I do not deserve this . I do something really stupid today . barney hey . Fred do something stupid every day and I still love he . Fred laugh good naturedly , grab barney in a headlock . fred noogy , noogy , ha , ha -- ! ( continued ) 38 . 75 continued : ( 3 ) 75 wilma ( observe this ) have you be drink ? in reply , Fred whip a bottle of champagne into view . fred ready when you be . ( notice the label ) hey , ' 1 '... a good year . this confuse the girl even more . wilma Fred , there 's no easy way to say this so -- she close she eye , swing the enrollment form over on the table so that Fred and barney can read they . Fred and barney look at they , look at each other ... and yawn . 76 favoring wilma and betty 76 they can not believe this . betty boy ... do you see ... the dollar sign there at the bottom ? wilma the non-refundable dollar sign ? barney plenty more where that come from . fred we see you dollar sign , lady ... and ... he toss he stone contract on top of the parchment one with a thud . fred ... we raise they . wilma and Betty look at each other , then at the contract . they blink , look again . wilma Betty ... this ... this look ... real -- ( continued ) 39 . 76 continued : 76 Fred open the champagne , which foam all over they . the girl squeal . fred you bet they be real , sweetheart . they be as real as ... as ... well , as real as -- ( embrace the group ) -- the best darn friend and neighbor in the whole world . barney squeeze back . barney yeah . and nothing 's ever gonna change that ... right , Fred ? fred ( emotionally ) right , pal o'mine . as they laugh and the girl slowly absorb the truth , we -- CUT to : 77 ext . water BUFFALO lodge - night 77 a sign proclaim this as " grand bedrock lodge -- loyal order of water BUFFALO . " the parking lot outside be full of vehicle . we hear the sound of a gavel banging ... herdmaster ( v.o. ) attention , fellow Water buffaloe ... 78 int . water BUFFALO lodge - night 78 the member be milling about the main room , schmooze , drink , kibitze . all wear the furry and horn ceremonial fez of the buffalo . one wall of the lodge display a big version of the lodge coat of arm ( with the motto " ackus ackus adackus " below ) ; a trophy case hold a mind boggle display of various bowl trophy , ball and pin . at the lectern , the herdmaster ( a mustachioe , inspirational type ) bang again for order . herdmaster Brothers , you attention ! it quiet a bit . he clear he throat , raise he chin , and give a strange mournful bellow . ( continued ) 40 . 78 continued : 78 herdmaster ( " ritual " type tone ) the herd be now call to the prairie . ( hold finger above ear ) antler ... up ! the entire Lodge dutifully imitate this gesture . entire group ack-ack -a-dack ! herdmaster ( bang gavel ) this meeting of the Water buffaloe be now in session . sergeant - at - arm , have we get any old business ? barney stand , acknowledge he friend and Lodge brother . barney indeed we do , brother herdmaster . tonight we be to hear speech from prospective candidate for Lodge office , such as good old Fred and some other guy . 79 piltdown 79 seat across the room with pyrite and other croney , he immediately leap to he foot , paw the ground , and give a eerie moan even stranger than the herdmaster 's earlier call to order . 80 back to scene 80 after the cry echoes away : herdmaster brother piltdown : you have give the Cry of the geld buffalo at the poison Water hole . do you wish to file a objection ? piltdown you bet I do . how come flintstone be ' good old Fred ' and I and the other candidate be just ' some other guy ' ? pyrite yeah , how come ? ( continued ) 41 . 80 continued : 80 barney ( rise ) my apology , brother piltdown . allow I to rephrase . tonight we will hear speech from a whole bunch of good old guy ... ( pause ) ... plus the one and only Fred flintstone ! cheer go up , which drow out piltdown 's renew cry of the poison water hole . Fred move towards the podium as the noise die down . 81 new angle 81 barney move to the wall , where he pull a roll up tapestry from a hide place behind a plant . he tack it to the wall , yank a string . it unroll . it 's a big " vote for fred flintstone " poster . barney turn , give Fred a " thumb up , " and as he do , barney 's hand brushes against a fold parchment in he pocket . barney push he way through the seat , catch up to Fred and hand he the document . Fred take it , continue up to the podium . there , the herdmaster hand Fred the ceremonial hoof and antler , cross over each other like a pharaoh 's badge of office . Fred do a papal - like wave with this , set they down , and unroll the crib note barney give he . fred ( read , at first wooden , then confident ) brother buffaloe , honore herdmaster , junior buck and apprentice antler , a great good evening to you all . ahem . as you know , we organization have survive difficult time that have see the extinction of such other lodge as the order of whoop crane and Brotherhood of giant sloth . but we here have come through the croo ... the crux ... barney ( hiss ) -- crucible -- ( continued ) 42 . 81 continued : 81 fred ( grateful ) -- crucible with we fur fluffy and we hoof unscathed . now , the future hold many promise and many problem . as you next herdmaster , I would bring to you the same determination , courage and -- if I may say so -- bold think that I have bring to the workplace . thank you , and ack ack a-dack . applause follow Fred 's return to the floor . 82 piltdown and pyrite 82 the only one in they row not clap , they scowl as Fred pass they ... CUT to : 83 int . lodge - recreation area - later 83 widen as barney propel a bowl ball ( stone , of course ) rumbling down the alley , send pin fly . the buffaloe cheer barney 's strike . we notice that most ( if not all ) of this Lodge member also work at the quarry . 84 automatic pin spotter 84 it descend . it consist of a bent snout creature which " crank " down a shelf with several monkey on it . the monkey grab the pin with they tail , straighten they up . then the shelf crank back up . 85 other end of alley 85 now it 's Fred 's turn . he trot up to the line , bowl ... another strike ! more cheer , ad lib complaint , etc . the scorekeeper pick up hammer and chisel and fill out the last frame . lodge member congratulation , Fred . fred hey , when you be hot you be hot ... boy , lemme buy a round of drink for everyone . barney thanks , Fred , but here at the lodge drink be free . ( continued ) 43. 85 continued : 85 fred but the principle be the same , barn . do not forget that . Fred lead the group over to the bar . piltdown and pyrite come along with a shrug ... why not , for a brew ? Fred reach -- 86 under the counter 86 where he pull out a hook - beak little lizard -- 87 back to scene 87 Fred use this creature to open several beer . fred ( during this ) here you go , boy , nice and frosty ... " bottle opener " creature ( lizard ) ( aside ) go ahead , laugh . if I have a good orthodontist , my life woulda be different ... Fred toss the " opener " aside -- 88 under the counter 88 the critter bounce into the shelf , slide ... when it be - cover , it realize that its overbite have be straighten out by the impact . very happy , it grab a hat and coat , exit . 89 back to scene 89 fred ( raise drink ) well , here 's to ... he look around , see -- 90 " photo " on wall 90 it 's actually " dot " chip into a stone . it show the young Fred , barney and other gather around soapbox racer . a banner read " junior buffalo Day . " 44 . 91 back to scene 91 fred here 's to the great bunch of lifelong buffaloe a guy could dream of lead . ( a obvious prompt ) anybody else get a toast ...? barney ' here 's to the Water buffalo and they next herdmaster ... Fred ' ! fred aw , gee , barn ... you should not say that ... ( winking ) ... at least not till after next week 's election ! lodge member Fred , what be all that stuff in you speech about the workplace ? I think the only decision you make there be how many lunch to eat -- laughter . Fred accept it good - naturedly , reach into he pocket . fred well , Harry , it just so happen that old Fred be move up in the world ... boy , you be look at Mr. Slate 's new partner . piltdown you and Slate ? who be you kid , flintstone ? the only partner you get be hang over you belt . pyrite laugh , a bit too much . fred prepare to eat that word , piltdown . piltdown -- if I do not , you will -- fred ( a tight smile ) gentlemen , my card -- he pass they out , and the other take they , curious -- 45 . 92 insert - card 92 of course it 's a little stone tablet ... but it do indeed say " slate construction -- f. flintstone , assistant JR . v.p. -- public relation . " 93 back to scene 93 lodge member ( ad lib , impressed ) hey , way to go , Fred ... whoa , gonna switch from a hard hat to a top hat , freddy boy ...? pyrite ( examine the card ) ah , it 's probably a phony ... say this , he bite down on it ... wince as a tooth crack . 94 barney 94 tug Fred 's sleeve , pull he close . barney gee , Fred , how come I do not get any business card ? fred barney , it 's all part of the plan . ( to the other ) yes , boy , you see , I go up to my pal , mister Slate and single - handedly make he a offer he could not refuse -- ( barney react to the " single - handedly " --) fred -- ' freddy boy , ' he sez to I , ' we gotta talk turkey -- ' barney Fred , we gotta talk turkey -- fred that 's right -- just like that -- barney Fred -- ! Fred realize barney 's get something on he mind . fred ah , excuse we , boy ... 46 . 95 new angle 95 Fred pull barney into a quiet corridor . they stand near a trophy case . there 's some bowl trophy here with a variety of name on they . ( there 's also trophy for " pie-eate contest " and " beer drink chug-off " ; this have only Fred 's name on they . ) barney Fred ... what 's this single - hand stuff ? I distinctly remember at least four hand and two of they be mine . fred ( lower voice ) barney , we could tell everyone how you invent this fibrerock stuff , how Slate and lava find out about it by accident and all , but what would that be ? barney the truth ? fred this be big business , barney . we can not start tell the truth , it would create the wrong impression . think about all the really big deal in history -- back to the beginning of record time . barney knit he brow in think for maybe three second . barney okay . fred what do they all have in common ? ( as barney be stump ) I will tell you . a front man . a guy who 's out in the public eye run the point , fight the crowd ... and meanwhile ... back in the corner be the silent partner . barney I never know that . fred that 's because the silent partner be always silent . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . 95 continued : 95 fred ( cont 'd ) but while you be busy be silent -- ( conspiratorially ) -- all along you be the brain behind the operation and I be the brain in front of the operation . I be out here run the gut of the operation but you get a cut . it look like my mind , but you be really behind . barney I get it . I get the brain , but you just pretend to have they . fred attaboy ! and a confident Fred shake hand with a unsure " silent partner " ... CUT to : 96 ext . flintstone / rubble house - day 96 barney come out of he front door , head toward the neighbor driveway and Fred 's car . Betty come out , call to she husband . betty barney , wait a minute ... 97 closer 97 he stop , turn . Betty come over and we see he 's wear - ing a sport jacket and a abysmally - tie tie . Betty fix the knot . betty there . that look more like a captain of industry . barney thanks , Betty . what would I do without you ? betty hmm . probably run off to the tropic with one of that executive secretary . ( continued ) 48 . 97 continued : 97 barney come on , Betty , it 's only my first day . you have to have seniority to run off ... she giggle , kiss he . 98 fred 98 be at the car door , lunch pail in hand , when wilma call out to he . wilma Fred ! wait a minute ! there 's something wrong with you lunch -- fred ( " weigh it " ) yeah ... it do feel a little light ... he return to she , open the pail , be surprised to find it 's empty . before he can comment , she smilingly present he with a spanking new briefcase . " f.f " be emboss on it in gold . wilma fit for a king ... my king . fred aw , wilma ... lookit , it 's get buckle , a strap , a lock -- he open it . Inside be a huge drumstick and some rib . fred -- baby , you be the great . wilma ( kissing he ) good luck . ( pause ) watch out for that ... you know ... hostile takeover . fred I be already take . he move to the car . fred ah , mister rubble , I presume ? of the fibrerock rubbles ? ( continued ) 49 . 98 continued : 98 barney yes , yes . look good , mister flintstone . I see you have recover from that polo accident . fred yas , yas . the water be too deep and my horse drown . they crack up at they own wit , drive off . CUT to : 99 slate quarry - lava' office - day 99 lava 's on the phone , very worried . lava Ivan , look , okay , so I buy too much on margin ... everyone say glacier be here to stay , I mean , who know ? just leverage my share in atlantis dry goods and -- what ? when do that happen ? piltdown enter , knock on the open door . piltdown mister lava , the armored car be here . lava armore car ...? piltdown yeah . must be a fortune in coo- coo berry on that baby . you know , for that fibrerock stuff of flintstone and rubble 's . you gotta sign here for it . lava ( into phone ) I ... I will get back to you . lava come over , sign the form . meanwhile he look out the window at -- 100 he Pov - armore car 100 the guard be unload sack of coo- coo berry . 50 . 101 back to scene 101 lava sign the form , meanwhile look piltdown up and down . finally -- lava piltdown , this fibrerock program be go to create a lot of change around the plant . I want to make one more . you have be a wonderful thug and goon for I . now , I would like to expand you duty . I want you to become a provocateur . piltdown gee , mister lava , I donno . I kinda like girl myself . lava ( patiently ) what I mean , be , I be go to use you to double - cross you Lodge and Union brother , and make they life a live hell . piltdown oh , okay . lava good . you and you little pal will report directly to I and take order only from I . ( slapping he on the back ) now get out of here and start screwing you former friend and associate . piltdown leave , smile . lava rub he chin , thoughtful . lava coo-coo berry ... CUT to : 102 ext . quarry - day 102 Fred and barney appear in Fred 's car , make a very quick turn into the quarry lot . 103 closer 103 they both duck down behind the wheel . a moment later , feldspar 's patrol car come barrel by . ( continued ) 51 . 103 continued : 103 feldspar look every which way , do not spot they . barney ( when he 's go ) gee , Fred , drive with you be better than a ' E ' ticket at magerock Mountain . fred ( get out ) get the old adrenaline go , barn . we big executive , we need that kind of jolt to get the old wheel turn . lava come into view , carry a armload of plan . lava flintstone ! rubble ! barney oh , hi , mister lava . lava please , call I Jerry . uncle -- I mean , mister Slate tell I to take you to you office . if you will follow I ...? they move along . Fred notice a hot of activity nearby . worker move scaffold , animal labor . fred hey . what 's go on ? lava the fibrerock assembly line . unc -- mister Slate 's have a crew work on it all weekend . we be go to roll out the first sheet of fibrerock by mid-week . fred yes , yes . Quick , dynamic entry into the marketplace . I approve . barney but , Fred , it 's right where the employee basketball court use to be -- ( continued ) 52 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 fred hey , you be right ... ( resign ) ... Big business be hell , barney . trust I ... you will get use to it . barney I guess so . you already do . lava lead they to a wood -side trailer . lava well , gentleman , here you be . as soon as you be settle , come over to the assembly line . we will go over the fibrerock formula before the first run . he go off . Fred and barney go -- 104 inside trailer 104 there be two tiny little desk at the far end , separate by a flimsy divider . the single window here look out over the quarry scrap heap . ( as we watch , somebody dump a load of debris . ) threadbare furniture on a wear rug sit under a portrait of " we founder " ( Slate ) . 105 back to scene 105 Fred and barney look at all this in turn . pause . then they whirl , give each other high - fives . barney all-right ! fred welcome to the top -- partner . and as they shake , we -- CUT to : 106 montage - assembly line - day 106 now , accompany by heroic " industrial " - type music , we see the fibrerock assembly line in full operation . this can not be describe now with appropriate justice , but it involve a series of animal - power conveyor belt , rube Goldberg - like funnel , spout and chute , and all sort of gadget , gizmo , bell and whistle , to wit : ( continued ) 53. 106 continued : 106 at one end of the building , dino - power dumpster and lifter drop off all the ingredient ; this get stomp / chew / bashed and otherwise reduce to powder , which be then ( courtesy of some squirting mastodan ) mix with water into a foam , which bubbles through a long sawmill - type trough and be hold back by a gate . meanwhile , we see a sample item ( in this case , a stone sofa ) as it be place before two " goatasauruse " which butt head and smash the sofa between the two halve of a clay mold . when the mold be open and the sofa toss aside , barney appear and personally " aim " the foam trough at a funnel in the top of the mold . pause to " taste " the mix , he smile , then shout -- barney ready ... aim ... fibre ! barney pull a rope which open the trough . " fibrefoam " pour into the mold . 107 the clay mold 107 get " winched " unpward by monkey , and then a alliga - torsaurus whap it with its tail . 108 below 108 Presto ! a fibrerock copy of the stone sofa drop neatly out of the mold , bounce lightly on the conveyor belt below ! it sparkles with the tell - tale celadon - green shimmer of fibrerock . as it chug along , the process repeat , and soon a score of identical sofa be in view . 109 end of assembly line 109 as a beam Fred watch , worker easily stack the fibrerock sofa ( often one - hand ) . nearby , we see fibrerock window frame , door , chair , etc . 110 up angle - slate' office balcony 110 Slate and lava watch the progress , dollar sign in they eye . dissolve to : 111 long matte shot - slate quarry - late afternoon 111 fibrerock product be stack up everywhere , stretch away like the inventory in Charles Foster kane 's warehouse . we see everything from fibrerock brick to fibrerock table lamp to fibrerock toilet . music out . 54 . 112 closer - quarry yard 112 Fred and barney , weary , approach each other , shake hand as they view the day 's incredible output . other weary , but proud worker gather around they : Mr. Slate be about to address they from he office balcony . slate Men , this be a proud day for Slate construction . you have see the first piece of fibrerock roll off the assembly line and into history ... a history you be all part of ... thanks to you very own fellow worker , Fred flintstone ! 113 worker - favoring fred and barney 113 they cheer Slate 's remark , pat Fred on the back . 114 back to scene 114 slate no longer will man and beast bend under the backbreak load of stone and rock and timber ... because fibrerock be so light that even a child can handle it . ( pause ) that 's why on Monday we be go to hire two dozen child from bedrock technical junior High . they will be replace the 36 heavy equipment operator , 15 shaft digger and 22 laborer we be lay off today . you pink slip will be in you final pay envelope along with a ticket to the grand open of Slate City . it 's non - transferable , so hang on to it . thank you , and have a nice weekend . 115 the quarry yard 115 the worker stand slack - jaw and stunne . worker # 1 laid off --? worker # 2 pink slip --? worker # 3 thanks to Fred flintstone ? ( continued ) 55 . 115 continued : 115 worker # 4 flintstone ! what kinda shop steward be you ? all eye swivel and bore into Fred , who be as shocked as anyone . barney Fred . you gotta do something about this ! fred I do ? ( realize ) I mean , I do , yeah ! he square he shoulder , march off . barney ( proudly ) that 's my Fred ... 116 int . slate' office - day 116 Slate be practice hit golf ball into a automatic put cup . lava and some office worker be check a blueprint against a model of " Slate City " which be make out of fibrerock . a ball shoot back at Slate , who tee up again . 117 inside the putting cup 117 a little mouse in a complete hockey outfit jump to catch the ball . stop it with he little hockey stick , the mouse gasp , raise its hockey mask . mouse whew . and it 's still pre-season . he whap the ball to Slate again . 118 back to scene 118 Slate tee up the ball again . Fred barge in , bang the door . startle , Slate drive the ball instead of put it . it sail across the room and shatter a picture of Mrs. Slate . slate ( furious ) flintstone ! ( continued ) 56 . 118 continued : 118 fred ( undeterred ) Mr. Slate -- we gotta talk -- slate we do , eh ? about what ? fred about that guy outside , Mr. Slate . some of them , well , they be here for year . and you , well , you can not lay they off just like -- ( snap finger ) -- that ! Slate look at lava , who shrug . Slate look back at Fred , stay surprisingly calm . he toy with the putter , balance it on he palm . slate of course I can , Fred . I can lay they off like -- ( snap finger ) -- that , or like -- ( a different style snap ) -- that , or like -- he do a really nifty snap which combine with a buck - and - wing with the putter . slate -- that . fred ( bravura slip ) oh , you can , huh ? lava of course he can , flintstone . it 's he quarry . slate ( still calm , warm ) that 's right . why -- ( chuckle ) I could lock the front door and go fishing if I want ! lava laugh along with the office staff and Slate . Fred chuckle a little to fit in . ( continued ) 57 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 slate ( winking ) why , I could even fire lava here if I want . lava quiver with mock surprise . everyone really laugh , now . slate or ... ( wiping away a tear ) I could fire you , fred. fred ( guffaw ) me! ah , ha , that 's rich , Mr. Slate , that 's -- suddenly Fred stop laugh . slate flintstone , lava , here , recommend that you be in charge of public relation to get fibrerock off to a good start . I be a member of that public , flintstone , and I have to say ... this be not a good start . I be get a bad feel about fibrerock . a bad feel about ... you . you want that feel to go away , do not you ? fred uh ... well , gee , I ... uh , yeah . slate good . then turn around and walk out of here and we will forget all about this . Fred swallow , look at lava , go meekly out . 119 ext . quarry yard - day 119 all the worker watch expectantly as Fred come out . they ad lib -- worker well ? what would he say ...? ol ' freddie boy tell he a thing or two ... probably get we a raise ... right , Fred ...? Fred ...? ( continued ) 58 . 119 continued : 119 fred akkk ... something ... noble ... man ... job ... nose ... wheel ... shoulder ... grindstone ... hommm ... yggggg ... barney ( worried ) Fred ? Fred stagger over to he locker , open it ... get in , and close the door . we hear a muffled sob . 120 a new angle 120 as the worker slowly realize the mighty casey have strike out . CUT to : 121 ext . flintstone &amp ; rubble lawns - day 121 Betty and wilma stand , determine , while the kid gripe . pebble but , mommy , I wanna go roller skate ... bam - bam ( mouth full ) yeagh ... 'hend thugh guy wher ghoing -- ( swallow , munch ) -- to play rockball at paleolithic Park -- Betty wipe bam -bam 's mouth , smile sweetly . betty well , you be both go to change you plan . you new school be go to have a talent show ... and you be go to have some talent . wilma you do not have to win ... honorable mention or most kongenial kid be perfectly acceptable . pebble ( aside ) as long as we beat the pants offa Mrs. Slate 's nephew ... ( continued ) 59 . 121 continued : 121 wilma Young lady , this be not about beat pants , this be about become a well round child . now , what kind of act will you do ? bam - bam how about a disappear act ? he take a tentative step away but Betty grab he . betty we be wait . pebbles and bam - bam sigh , huddle . we hear snatch of discussion ... pebble bam -bam ... wanna recite something ? Nah , what be we , little ' inky dinky spidersaurus ...'? kid ? how ' bout magic trick ? we could cut up a newspaper -- pebble but then we would need a hammer bam - bam and chisel ... oh , what about that dumb thing ? you that thing with dino ? think so ...? pebbles turn , the decision make . pebble okay . we be gonna sing a song with dino . instantly , on cue , dino leap out of nowhere , hold a straw hat and a cane . wilma and Betty look at each other , skeptical . bam - bam reach into he shirt and take out a whistle . he blow it -- pebble a one - and - a- two and - a -- 122 wider 122 music come up and dino and he little friend do a dance routine we will call " the dino dance . " it be a spectac - ular blend of soft - shoe and the kind of dog-and - pony - show gag usually see in the circus or on the Ed sullivrock show . most importantly , the routine include the follow : a ) dino leap back and forth through a hoop . ( continued ) 60 . 122 continued : 122 B ) the kid tie down a jump rope and dino do a wire walk . C ) and finally , dino use he tail to flip the kid onto he back , culminate in a big " to - da " after they all slide down the rope for a big finish . 123 new angle 123 the kide ( wind up ) you can keep the twist , the frug and hop I do not need to shimmy , I do not need to bop ' Cause I be doin ' doin ' doin ' the igneous rock ! pant for breath , pebbles , bam - bam and dino wait for a reaction . betty ( to wilma , impressed ) well ? think they be ready for the talent show ? wilma I think they be ready for rock Vegas . as they laugh and hug the kid and dino , we -- CUT to : 124 ext . lodge hall - that night 124 herdmaster ( v.o. ) fellow Water buffalo . in a few moment we will cast we vote for the lodge officer . 125 int . lodge hall 125 tight on Fred as he lean back in he usual chair . herdmaster the election committee will make the preparation . fred ( confident ) since when do you have to prepare for a landslide , right , guy ? ( continued ) 61 . 125 continued : 125 pause as Fred wait for a reply . he turn ... shot widen as he realize no one be sit near he . he look around and see -- 126 he Pov - fred' poster 126 it 's be alter to read " Fred finkstone . " also add to Fred 's image be horn , a beard and other choice touch . 127 back to scene 127 Fred look around , see barney approach , have just leave a group of angry buffalo . fred barn -- w- what 's go on ? barney they be mad at you , Fred ... it 's understandable , I mean , they all get laid off today -- Fred cross to the other guy , put on a big smile . fred guy , guy , come on now -- what 's a quarry fulla layoff get to do with a lodge fulla buffaloe ? barney be that a riddle ? give I a second -- pyrite ( step forward ) I will tell ya what ! mosta the guy in this lodge work for Mr. Slate -- piltdown -- you mean use to work for he -- until somebody open they big mouth -- fred fellas , come on . we be all big boy here -- he gesture vaguely towards the outside world , then back to the little band of brother here . fred surely we can separate in we mind work , and play ... job , and Lodge ... ( continued ) 62 . 127 continued : 127 piltdown ( point at Fred ) candidate and double-cross back stabber ? ( turn ) herdmaster ! I move we commence the meeting ... and the election ! pyrite I second the motion ! herdmaster all in favor , say -- fred wait , wait ... you antlerness , please , one second -- ! Fred grab barney by the shoulder , spin he around , push he forward like a refrigerator on a dolly , stand he up center stage . fred barney , you gotta tell the other guy what really happen . tell them the story behind fibrerock . the true story . the room quiet . barney clear he throat . Fred wait , hopeful . barney well , there 's not much to tell . ( try to remember Fred 's phraseology ) true , I get a cut ... but Fred 's get a gut . fred no , no , the rest --! barney oh , yeah , I remember ! I get the mind , but Fred 's get the behind . right , Fred ? barney turn , give Fred a big wink . Fred groan . herdmaster thank you , brother rubble . the buffaloe will now have they secret vote . ( a command ) fit ... fur ! ( continued ) 63. 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 everyone pull they horn fezze down over they eye . herdmaster paw ... ground ! everyone do a bull - like stomp and scrape . herdmaster all for piltdown , bellow now ! the room echoes with moose - like snort . herdmaster all for flintstone , bellow now ! Fred snort , sounding like herb alpert 's lonely bull . even under he furry fez we see he " look around " desperately , hope to hear one more snort . he kind of sneak in one more forlorn grunt which fade away ... finally , as Fred squirm miserably , there be one more lonely snort ... ... from barney , of course . herdmaster order fur ! the fezze come up . herdmaster the snort have it ! brother piltdown , it be my privilege to install you as the new exalted herdmaster erect antler and Big Buck of we Lodge . if you will come forward , I will present you with the token of office . cheer and applause as piltdown go to the podium . 128 favoring fred and barney 128 Fred 's a break man . barney move over , put he arm around he . barney I vote for you , Fred . fred Big deal , after you screw everything up in the first place ...! barney react , really hurt . he move away on the bench . Fred 's so agitate he do not even realize it . 64 . 129 wider 129 piltdown accept the festoon fez and shoulder ribbon , smile at the group . piltdown thank you , brother Chairman . fellow buffaloe , I be a man of few word . it 's no secret that most of we lodge member be also member of amalgamate neolithic 101 ... which mean that most of we be not gonna be able to make we cave payment next month . so my agenda for tonight ... end right now . there 's a time to be a buffalo ... there 's a time to be a brown nosin ' double - crossin ' creep ... all head turn and swivel to look at Fred ... swivel back . piltdown ... and there 's a time to stand up and be a man ! so let 's go down there and make the Slate shop into slate scrap ... then we will see how he get along without the heavy equipment operator of neolithic 101 ! meeting adjourned ! with angry grumble and threat , the meeting break up . fezze be throw into cubby hole and hard hat be slap on . the buffalo run out . when the dust clear , we see that only one member have avoid the herding instinct : barney . now , he turn , run into -- 130 BUFFALO lodge - recreation area - night 130 Fred be at the bar , open a beer . he look wistfully at the old , frame picture on the wall -- react as he see -- 131 picture 131 even he childhood shot have be deface . 132 back to scene 132 he set he jaw with a " screw them " expression , downs he beer . then barney run up , shake he by the shoulder . ( continued ) 65 . 132 continued : 132 barney Fred ! Fred ! the buffalo be head for big trouble -- ! fred no kid . they reject the best candidate -- barney no , no , not that ! piltdown 's get the guy all work up and they be head down to the quarry ! they be gonna wreck the assembly line ! fred ( genuinely worried ) oh , no ! that -- that 's horrible ! ( pause ) we could end up with half a percent of nothing ! barney no , Fred , if they do that they will be breakin ' the law ! we brother buffalo could go to jail ! fred oh , yeah , yeah , that , too ... come on , barn , we gotta stop them ! CUT to : 133 ext . slate quarry - night 133 Silent , empty . camera pan from the still yard to the gate . down the road , we see piltdown lead the angry mob . quickly , they go to the gate , climb up and over it ! piltdown okay ! let 's start with Slate 's golf trophy and work we way up to the assembly line ! ad lib angry cheer , and the mob storm into the plant , knock aside equipment and supplies . 134 in car - fred and barney - night 134 both pedale like mad . ( continued ) 66 . 134 continued : 134 fred I do not believe this ... how do thing ever get this out of hand -- ? barney I know . make you wish thing be back the way they be ... before we be big executive . fred well , I would not go that far ... suddenly they be interrupt by the sound of a siren . Fred look back and see -- 135 feldspar and gravel 135 come up from rear . feldspar grab he megaphone as he pull abreast of Fred . feldspar flintstone ! pull over ! fred oh , no , not now ... feldspar signal Fred onto the shoulder . Fred smile , nod ... 136 close on fred' feet 136 he slam they down through the floorboard -- 137 wider 137 Fred 's car skid , spin out , whirling around like a record on a turntable . it jerk to a halt 180 degree later , and then roar off in the opposite direction . 138 feldspar 138 so astonished he follow this action with he head ... a bad move because -- gravel sarge ! look out -- ! 139 new angle 139 the patrol car run off the road , crashing into a stone fire hydrant . Water squirt into the air . feldspar and gravel be drench . they be just come to they sense when the ground heave -- the car 's front wheel rise -- 67 . 140 new angle 140 as we see that the water spout be actually come from the blowhole of a whale which now stick a bit of its head up from under the break curb . whale I be gonna sue you for everything you get -- CUT to : 141 slate quarry - night 141 led by piltdown , the worker have grab a big timber which they be use like a batter ram on the door of the assembly line building . suddenly , with a crash , the door go down ! piltdown and pyrite stand back while the angry worker rush past they . piltdown ( loudly ) now we will show them who 's boss ! pyrite they can not push we around ! piltdown and pyrite smash a few item to get everybody juice up , and then ... when no one be look ... ... they slip out the back ! 142 rear of quarry - night 142 Fred pull into the lot , slam he foot down to stop -- we hear skidding -- they fishtail all over , slam right through a storage area for crate and barrel which collapse all around they . finally they slam broadside into the main quarry build - ing , knock a hole in the wall . 143 new angle 143 Fred and barney cough in the rise dust . neither one of they see what we see , which be that visible in the hole in the wall be the Slate company 's granite - door safe ... ... and right beside it be the xenosaurus , which now jump up , startle , drop a crowbar and a big hand drill . recovering its composure , the xenosaurus grab up the tool as well as a big canvas bag and tiptoe away , vanish just as we heroes stir . ( continued ) 68 . 143 continued : 143 fred ( double-take ) barn ! do you see that -- ? ( peer through the dust ) -- huh , now it 's go ... I coulda swear ... barney come on Fred . time to earn that big buck . they rush into the plant . 144 int . assembly line - night 144 as the worker continue they rampage , piltdown and pyrite reappear . pyrite darn that flintstone and rubble ... they be gonna screw everything up ... piltdown not if we give them a nice long vacation ... in the hospital . say this , he grip tightly on a wrench . then some rampaging worker rush by . piltdown give they a encour - aging cheer , and then he and pyrite lead they up some stair to the assembly line catwalk . there , pyrite begin smashing some light fixture with a club , while piltdown use brute strength to snap big support beam which he fling below . 145 close - pyrite 145 wind up for another baseball - type swing -- but as he follow through , the ball - shape light fixture jerk up on its cable . unable to stop in time , pyrite spin around , fall on he ass . barney drop down into view , hang horizontally from the rafter . he 's hold the light fixture with he free hand . barney stee-rike one ! heh -hey . ready for a curve ball ? pyrite do not have a sense of humor ; club in hand , he jump up , start chase barney through the rafter . 69 . 146 piltdown 146 spit on he hand , grab another big beam . he pull down on it ... but it do not snap , it go right up again . puzzle , he pull down on it again ... there 's another see-saw motion ... ... this time piltdown go with the flow , push up and peer under the beam ... 147 new angle 147 Fred be hang on the other end . fred brother piltdown ... can we talk about this , antler to antler ? piltdown roar , begin slamm the girder up and down . fred guess not ... Fred inch down the shudder beam , jump off . freed of Fred 's weight , the other end " boing " down on piltdown 's head . he groan , recover in time to chase after Fred . 148 barney and pyrite 148 Square off in the rafter . barney give I you best shot . pyrite swing . barney duck and pyrite smashes a window pane . barney dodge again and the same thing happen . get cocky , barney do it one more time ... ... but this time the window be hinge in the center and the swivel action after the hit whap barney on the back and knock he into pyrite 's next blow . 149 fred 149 be backpedal away from piltdown on the upper super - structure of the assembly line . Fred scrape one foot in a arc in front of he . fred dare you to cross that line . piltdown cross it . fred that line . ( continued ) 70 . 149 continued : 149 piltdown cross it . Fred " mark " another one . piltdown do not even wait for the challenge , take a giant step . oops . bad idea : the last " line " be at the edge of a straight drop ! piltdown yelp , " tread air " in the best cartoon manner -- and then desperately grab a handful of Fred 's clothing ! both man fall -- at the last minute piltdown catch a ladder ! 150 below - assembly line 150 Fred land with a thud right in the clay mold use to form the fibre product ! worse , the impact arouse the goatasauruse out of they sleep . dutifully , they rise , and then ram both side of the mold just as Fred be struggle to he foot ! Fred 's yell be muffle by the clay . 151 other assembly line animal 151 arouse by the " start up " of the assembly line , they do they job . fibre foam begin to chug down the trough : the alligator crane pick up the mold , shake it . 152 fred 152 be flung to the conveyor belt , stiffly cake in clay . 153 the fibre mold 153 shudder -- and shake out a fibre statue of ... Fred ! 154 below 154 the real Fred , move stiffly like a robot , be get to he foot when he fibre doppleganger slam he to the mat again ! a moment later , another " Fred " drop down beside he . 155 piltdown 155 have descend the ladder , hopping mad . now , he see Fred come toward he ... piltdown break a big lever off the equipment , swing -- react astonished as " fred " shatter . 156 fred 156 back down the line , he 's see this . his clay - cake Adam 's apple gulp . quickly , he turn and try to " tip - toe " away -- then , with a creak and crunch -- the clay and fibre all over he solidify ! desperate , he try to move ... can not ! 71 . 157 piltdown 157 watch , confuse , as dozen of Fred flintstone chug towards he on the belt . he shrug , smashes the next one in line . another phoney . he smashes the next one ... CUT to : 158 up above - barney 158 dodging pyrite 's renew attack . now , barney become aware of the activate assembly line . get a idea , he move behind a inspection table , grab a big rubber stamp . pyrite come around the corner ... barney 's head butt he in the gut , dodge under he leg ! then , as pyrite stumble , barney stamp he ass with the word " reject . " pyrite look back , see this , redden ... raise he club . pyrite reject , huh ? whaddya say we reject you head ? he raise the club ... when a alligator swing down and grab he by the seat of he pants ! pyrite drop the club , howl -- 159 wider 159 the alligator crane swing he away and over a big bin mark reject -- and drop he . howling , pyrite fall into a big bin of break and defective fibrerock goods . 160 barney 160 chuckle to himself ... and then look down , react . camera adjust and we see that piltdown have smashed yet another of the duplicate fred . worried , barney look around , see that he 's just above the fibrefoam chute . without another think , he jump into it -- slide downward like a passenger on the magerock Mountain log flume ride -- 161 below 161 piltdown be about to swing at the real Fred -- when barney sail out of the end of the chute and slam into he and Fred ! all three of they roll across the floor towards -- 72 . 162 the end of the build 162 where a squad of policeman have just appear -- lead by a drip wet feldspar and gravel ! feldspar all right ! you be all under arr -- wham ! barney , Fred and piltdown roll right into the cop , who go fly like ( what else ? ) tenpins , complete with appropriate sound . barney ( sit up ) whattya know . even get the spare again ... then he gasp as he look over at Fred , whose head have just fall off ! pause . Fred 's real head slowly poke up out of the clay and fibre shoulder . before he can extricate himself further , feldspar and he man be drag they out of the building . CUT to : 163 int . bedrock police station - night 163 wooden bar delineate the hold cell . " want " poster of stone be hang on the wall . as we watch , the contrite buffalos be bail out by friend and relation . wilma and Betty be just now clunking down stone money on the night sergeant 's desk . betty barney , I do not understand ... what come over you boy ? exiting BUFFALO ' night , barney . ( to Fred ) so long , fatso . BUFFALO # 2 see ya , barn. ( pause ) flintstone , you be dead meat . BUFFALO # 2 ' night , pal . ' night , slimeball . wilma Fred , be there something you want to tell I about the lodge meeting ? ( continued ) 73. 163 continued : 163 fred I do not wanna talk about it . besides , who care about a bunch of jerk run around with fur on they head ? I be more of a country club guy myself anyway ... he go out , hardly look at barney . wilma and Betty look at each other , mystify ... then wilma follow Fred out , puzzle . 164 ext . police station - night 164 lava stand in the shadow beside he porscherock . piltdown and pyrite be with he . in the b.g. , Fred and wilma drive away . lava a simple little heist -- I give you everything but the key and you blow it -- piltdown hey , we get the union guy to break in and create a distraction , do not we ? who know flintstone and rubble would show up , too ? lava the day after Slate City open there 's go to be a audit . if the stuff be not go by then we will all be do time until the bronze Age . pyrite do not worry , mister lava ... we be on top of it . they both turn and start down a alley ... jam together as they do . lava sigh ... then jump as barney come up behind he and tap he on the shoulder . barney Excuse I , mister lava -- ? I think you oughta know ... something could be wrong with the fibrerock mix . lava ( throw ) how do you know that ? ( recover ) I mean ... ah , why do you say that ? ( continued ) 74 . 164 continued : 164 barney it taste different . lava tastes ... different ? barney yup . see , ever since I start with fibrerock -- I mean , since I and Fred start with it , I always take a little taste of the fibre foam . and tonight 's batch , well ... I do not get much of it , but it seem a little off . ( smack he lip ) can not fool the old taste bud , heh -heh . I think there might be a ingredient miss . so tomorrow , I will run a couple of test and stuff -- lava rubble , rubble ! we be fight a deadline to finish Slate City ... and we be not pull the plug on production to satisfy you tastebud ! if you ask I , you and you tastebud be overworked ... overwrought ... how long have you be with we , anyway ? barney nine day , mister lava . lava jumping jurrasic , no wonder you be so run down . he put he arm around barney , lead he towards the car where Betty be wait . lava I be authorize a nice vacation for you , rubble . start tomorrow . you can catch some ray , maybe invent something ... hey , how about fibrerock , the sequel , part ii -- ? barney but -- lava no , do not try and thank I . CUT to : 75 . 165 int . slate' office - day 165 Slate and lava be examine a new and larger model of Slate City . it 's even more grandiose than its predecessor . now the housing development have two huge office building beside it , and then a convention center beyond that . lava ... as you can see , the fibrerock be so light we be use it for construction , for furnishings ... for everything . you can not stack a two - bedroom cave this high ... but the sky 's the limit with fibrerock ! slate ' Sky 's the limit ' ... ' sky 's the limit ' ... why , this two building , they ... they practically scrape the sky ! we should call they ... Slate scraper ! lava that 's brilliant , unc ... mister Slate . in fact , maybe you can help I with the centerpiece of the complex ... ( indicate the convention center ) ... I wanna call them the fibresphere and the ' ____ ' something needle ... but I just can not ... slate ( modestly ) how about , ' Slate needle ' ? lava ' Slate need ...' ( astonished ) ... how do you keep come up with this ? it 's uncanny . slate ( shrugging ) it 's a gift ... lava ( casually ) oh , that remind I , sign this , will you ... just a few overrun ... minor cost problem ... that 's it ... thank you ... ( continued ) 76 . 165 continued : 165 Slate 's so busy admire he moment to himself he hardly listen to what lava 's say , just run he stylus through the wet clay of the statement , meanwhile " frame " the model city in he hand . lava ( head for the door ) ... oh , mister Slate , we be go to hold the bedrock junior talent show in the uh , ' Slate needle . ' good for public relation -- lava break off . he 's just look out the window and see -- 166 lava' Pov - quarry below window 166 a small figure appear behind some of the equipment , tiptoeing from console to cabinet and thus towards the assembly line . wearing sunglass with attach nose and a hook - on beard , it at first appear to be some sort of bizarre hermit or bum ... and then we realize , hey , this be barney ! 167 lava 167 look around , spot piltdown and pyrite , now resplendent in security guard uniform . lava whistle softly to get they attention , can not . then he see one of Slate 's golf trophy . he shrug , throw it . 168 below - piltdown 168 react as the trophy bounce off he head , then look up to see lava gesticulate . piltdown nod , grab pyrite in tow . 169 barney 169 look around carefully , barney take out a thermos bottle , unscrew the top , and quickly dunk it into the fibrerock foam . then he tiptoe o.s. , right into the massive bulk of -- 170 piltdown 170 -- who look down at he with a big smile , pyrite at he side . piltdown can we help you ... sir ? ( continued ) 77 . 170 continued : 170 barney ( fake crotchety voice ) ah , yup , yup , young feller ... jest show I the way to the personnel office ... I be lookin ' fer a job as a custodian ... pyrite we pleasure . then they grab barney with such force that the thermos drop and shatter , drag he o.s. -- 171 slate quarry - MAIN gate - day 171 barney be toss outside , landing in a heap amidst the picketing worker of neolithic 101 . piltdown ( chuckle ) ya can start by clean the street with you pants ! still laugh , piltdown and pyrite cross over to lava , who have come out of the office building . lava that take care of the half - pint . ( pause ) now to deal with the half - wit . CUT to : 172 int . lava' office - day 172 lava walk Fred from the door into the color-coordinated high - style room . fred ( on the move ) ... but barney do not want to take a vacation -- he say he 's gotta be here to check up on the fibrefoam -- lava ( pointedly ) -- oh ? or check up on we ? emotionally , lava turn , indicate a picture of Slate on the wall . ( continued ) 78 . 172 continued : 172 lava flintstone , that ... that 's a slap in the face of we founder ... we employer ... we uncle . ( turn back , another tone ) unless , of course , you agree with rubble ... that mister Slate be not capable of run this operation ... that I be not capable of run it ? fred ( nervous ) of course not , mister lava . but -- lava call I Jerry . sit down , please ... Fred comply . lava wince as he designer furniture creak under Fred 's weight , but he only say -- lava ( offer one ) ... cigar ? fred why , yeah , sure , Jerry . lava Fred , let I get to the bottom slime . some man -- you and I , for instance -- we be cut out for the big time , the big buck ... ( eyeing Fred 's girth ) ... the big everything . lava smile , prepare the tip on two cigar . he put each one in turn in a gizmo on he desk . 173 closer - gizmo 173 it 's actually a frame support a little lizard . the lizard bite the tip off the cigar , practically choke on it , finally manage to spit it out with difficulty . lizard ( aside ) when they say smoking be bad for you health , they be not kid ... 79 . 174 back to scene 174 lava and other ? wellll ... now lava take out a lighter , lean across the desk . 175 closer - lighter 175 as lava work the mechanism , two wooden twig rub rapidly across each other and ignite . 176 back to scene 176 lava ... now , I know you pal barney have a small part in the preliminary research and development of fibrerock ... fred well , actually , I would not say small part ... I would say ... lava yes ? fred ... kind of a medium-sized ... well , almost medium-sized ... well , really a semi-partial assistant counsult type , of -- lava ( give Fred a playful punch ) you be too kind , flintstone , that 's what I like about you . but you be a big guy with a big decision to make . be you gonna keep cover for barney , keep pull he acornsauruse out of the fire ... or be you go to concentrate on you own important duty ? fred well , gee , that 's tough one -- ( pause ) -- uh , what be my important duty ? lava publicity , flintstone , publicity ! ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . 176 continued : 176 lava ( cont 'd ) and that 's why I have get a little surprise for you ... for the man who make fibrerock a household word , I want you to meet the man who 's go to make you a household word ... lava throw the door open . Fred 's jaw drop as he see -- fred r-rockin ' Leach ? indeed , it be he , and he smile , extend he hand . leach ' ello , Fred . I have 'eard a lot h'about you from mister lava . h'at 's why we be go to put you on we program . fred m-me ? on -- on television ? lava ( patting he back , sotto ) right , Fred . as long as you forget all this nonsense about barney . fred ( still in a daze thrill ) barney who ? CUT to : 177 ext . flintstone house - day 177 Three big dino-mounted truck be park in front . you have to read the word on all three : " rockstyle of ... " " the rich ... " " and famous . " technician roll out gear , set up big spotlight , etc . 178 closer - yard 178 Rockin ' Leach be surveying the place with a aide . Fred and wilma be with they . Leach make a " frame " with he hand , " pan " the area . ( continued ) 81 . 178 continued : 178 leach hmm . Lovely little guest ' ouse , mister flintstone . so simple , so ordinary , so unexceptional ... why , h'it 's almost quaint . let 's say we start with the camera ' ere , except ... Leach break off , look over the fence at the rubble homestead . he shake he head sadly . fred w- what 's wrong ? leach well , just look at that yard over there ... barbecue and trike , not exactly the right image ... fred ( point ) maybe you could move that plant to block they out ...? leach good idea . rodney , get ' hoppin ' with that green . the aide nod , gather some worker . they start move the pot plant . puzzle , wilma come over . wilma Fred , this be suppose to be a ' typical evening ' at the flintstone , and you invite fifty people I do not even know . now what 's go on ? where be they take my ficus-s-uruse ? fred it 's the rubble yard , wilma . it 's just not the right image ... he start away , suddenly notice he own barbecue and trike ... quickly , without miss a stride , he toss a tarp over they , slide a pot plant over for good measure . 179 barney and betty' house - same time 179 Betty , hair and face do , but still in a slip , be put a reluctant bam - bam into a cute little blazer . in the f.g. , barney finish tie a black tie , then struggle into a dinner jacket . ( continued ) 82. 179 continued : 179 betty I do not know why you want to go to this thing ... after the way Fred 's be treat you lately -- barney Fred 's in a high - power executive job , Betty . there 's a lot of pressure on he . betty yeah ... and it 's all around he belt . if it be not for poor wilma I would not give he the geological time -- barney trust I , Betty . after the fibrerock debut , he will be the same old Fred . both react to the sound of hammering and sawing . curious , they go out the slide bedroom door into the yard and see -- 180 there Pov - the fence 180 the television crew have just finish nail board up over the top of the fence . now the big pot plant be drop into place . with each hammer stroke or thud a little more of the late afternoon sun be shut off until barney and Betty be in shadow . finally a canvas tarp be toss as gracefully as pizza dough , sail into the rubble yard and cover they bird bath . one last stray end land on barney 's head . CUT to : 181 quick cut - flintstone yard - angle on " kleig light " 181 Inside each one , a little bird in hardhat and smoke visor light up the arc , get knock on he butt when it catch . bird ( slowly get up ) I have hear of a flash in the pan , but this be ridiculous ... 182 on dino 182 he 's squirming uncomfortably under the attention of two crew member who be busy with scissors and comb and brushes . ( continued ) 83. 182 continued : 182 finally , they be do and leave he . he have be cut and trim like a french poodle . he get a glimpse of himself in the swim pool and freak out . then he arch he back , shake out the hairstyle . 183 closer on rockin ' leach 183 the MAIN title of the show can be hear o.s. announcer ( o.s. ) and now ... the man who bring you the romance and excitement you crave ... from the casinos of monte carlrock to the glamour of hollyrock , here 's you guide to the rockstyles of the Rich and famous , Rockin ' Leach ! Leach take he cue from the director -- leach ( into camera ) good evening . tonight we come to you live from the ah ... charming pie a terre of the man of the 'our , Fred flintstone -- Leach pause , hearing the sound of someone chipping away at a stone tablet ... he look up at -- 184 he Pov - fred 184 he have just carve " frederick " into a stone cue card and point to it . 185 back to scene 185 leach ' ere we be at the 'ome of bedrock 's man o' the 'our , Frederick flint -- more chipping . Leach look up and see : 186 he Pov - fred 186 now he 's carve something grander . Leach sigh , go on . leach ' ere we be at the fabulous 'ome of bedrock 's man o' the 'our , Frederick von flintstone -- 84 . 187 near the house 187 barney and Betty appear , bam - bam in tow . they come out into the yard . Betty wave at wilma , who come over , whisper . wilma thank heaven . there be not one person I know here . barney you mean beside Fred ? wilma I mean include Fred . they look over at -- 188 the set 188 where Leach have pull Fred on camera . Fred be pose , fluffing he ascot , etc . we notice a " fvf " embroider patch on he jacket . leach Frederick , of course , be the man behind fibrerock -- the invention that some predict will revolutionize life in the future . Frederick , 'ow do it feel to know that you 'ave personally bring the Stone Age as we know it to a long - deserve end ? fred ( very affect accent ) well , Rockin ' , you be right , I have affect destiny for all mankind , and it 's a sober think . however , if I may add a personal note at this time , I myself cannot personally take all the credit for fibrerock ... 189 wilma , barney , betty 189 react with hopeful expression -- barney ( sotto , to they ) see ? what would I tell ya ? 85 . 190 back to scene 190 fred no , I could never have do it without the inspiration and support of a very special person . I be speak , of course , of my close friend and associate , mister Slate , founder and c.e.o. of Slate construction ... 191 wilma , barney , betty 191 barney 's face fall . so do wilma and Betty 's . CUT to : 192 ext . slate CITY - night 192 Slate City ! in the far future , Manhattan will have New Jersey ... Philadelphia will have levittown ... L.A. will have burbank ... but today bedrock have ... Slate City ! 193 close on " slate needle " and fibresphere 193 both decorate in pennant and bunt , connect to each other by a gangway six storey up . block letter on the fibresphere proclaim " Slate construction bring you the wonderful world of fibre . " a heroic statue of Slate himself stand close by the structure . ( sphere and needle , of course , be dead on parody of the trylon and perisphere , centerpiece of the ' 39 World 's Fair . ) a limousine pedale by two chauffeur pull up . Mr. and Mrs. Slate and lava , and lava 's son , poindexter , get out . it be immediately evident that the little obnoxious acorn have not fall far from the tree . poindexter wow ! be this ever keen ! dad , you promise I can cut in all the line ? lava of course , poindexter , of course . they head for the mastodon and pully - power elevator . stand there be piltdown and pyrite , both in security guard uniform . ( piltdown be carry a vaguely - familiar satchel ) . lava give they a big look . they nod . as the elevator rise , he two croney duck into a stairwell mark " no admittance . " CUT to : 194 resume - flintstone house 194 the party be in full swing . ( continued ) 86 . 194 continued : 194 we see pebbles and bam - bam squirming uncomfortably in they party clothes . they take some canape off of a table , take a bite ... spit they out . 195 fred 195 stands beam , nodd to he guest . fred hello , hello . bon soir . good to see ya ... glad you could make it ... guest ( unconvincingly ) hello , Frank ... fred Fred -- there 's the bar , make yourself at home -- mis casa es votre casa , so , when in Rome and all that -- wilma ( come over ) Fred , can I talk to you -- ? Fred ? Fred ? ( concerned ) we have a serious problem with Betty and barney . fred ( alarmed ) you mean you can see they house -- ? wilma ( exasperate ) I mean you be treat they horribly ! what 's come over you , Fred ? do a little money mean so much to you that you just turn you back on the thing that really count ? fred wilma , I be shocked . I would not do that . okay , I admit it : I be try to make a impression here , I wanna look good , I wanna be a success ... he take she hand , look into she eye . for a moment , wilma 's face soften . ( continued ) 87 . 195 continued : 195 fred ... but deep down inside , I be still the same lovable guy you marry -- ( pause ) -- Frederick von flintstone the third -- wilma arrrgh -- ! she throw up she hand , stalk away . fred what would I say ? 196 production assistant 196 hang up the sea shell phone , run over to Leach . p.a . that be we location guy at Slate City . they just move the ribbon cut up by a hour . guest be already start to arrive . leach fabulous ! I have 'ad enough crab meat and crabgrass to last I a year . all right , boy , that 's a wrap ! 197 fred 197 in the middle of a tight little group which be pig out . Fred seem oblivious to the fact that they be oblivious to he . fred ... yas , yas , it 's a challenging commodity market this day . personally , I be consider petrify forest , but they do say that volcano future be ready to explode , ha , ha ... suddenly Fred notice that he " audience " have evaporate . he look around , see everyone head for they car , the tv crew pack up , etc . fred ... hey , whoa , what 's happen -- ( continued ) 88. 197 continued : 197 leach aide what 's happen be not happen here . the action 's over at Slate City . oh , thanks for the booze , Ed -- fred Fred ! he stumble through the thinning crowd , clutching at elbow . fred hey , what 's the hurry ? we get a cake shape like a piece of fibrerock ... I get it , how about some charade ? no , even better , twenty question : ' be I animal , mineral , or fossil ' ...? oh , I hear a great one the other day ... a guy walk in a bar with a duckasaurus on he head and the bartender say -- this will kill you , the bartender say -- Fred stop , run out of steam along with he moment of glory . he stand alone on the lawn . wilma slowly come up to he . wilma Fred ... I ... I be sorry it 's not work out ... Fred turn , put on a big smile . fred whaddya mean , not work out ? they be goin ' party hopping , that 's all . that 's what ya do in society , wilma ... you cruise around . they will go over to Slate 's shindig for a while , then they will come back here . wilma Fred ... fred you go on over to Slate City , okay ? wilma Fred , I want to be here with you -- ( continued ) 89 . 197 continued : ( 2 ) 197 fred Nah , I and some of the guy from the country club , we be gonna play poker , yeah , big stake poker until everybody come back . go on with the other . the kid get they show to put on anyway ... and I would not want people to think ... to think the flintstone be party pooper . she do not know what to say , or what she can say that will not shatter he shaky image . she sigh , kiss he , then call out . wilma come on , pebbles . we be go to another party . pebble will there be real food there ? wilma we will find out together . she take the girl 's hand and go to the door , where the last of Leach 's crew be just go out . suddenly Betty catch up to she , bam - bam in tow . betty wilma , wait . I be go with you . wilma why ? betty if friend can not do something stupid , who can ? wilma smile , touch . betty besides ... ( lowering she voice ) ... maybe if we leave the boy alone ...? wilma nod , hopeful . 198 ext . flintstone house - night 198 the film crew caravan be already leave as wilma , Betty and the kid get into the rubble car . the last tv crew - man extinguish the big spotlight . the house be dark , forlorn in the fade twilight . 90 . 199 rear of yard - night 199 Fred sit forlorn in the rubble of he party . dino come over , nuzzle he leg . fred just you and I now , dino . yeah . that 's okay . man and man 's best friend . he give dino one of the canape . dino taste it , make a face , spit it out . dino run off , go " ptooie " all the way . we see he run to the corner , jump in Betty 's car and drive away . 200 fred 200 sigh , look around , down at he blazer and the " fvf " patch . he suddenly rip it off in a fury . then he look at -- 201 the wall in front of barney' property 201 202 back to scene 202 Fred stare at it , he face slowly darken . then he grab a lawn chair from the yard , begin to smash it in a fury against the divider . the wall crack , splinter ; the pot plant go fly . 203 fred 203 his anger spend , he stand panting , splatter with dirt ... then he see -- 204 new angle - another dirt - cover figure 204 -- stand in the ruin of the wall . the figure sneeze , whacks dirt off of itself . it 's -- fred ( disbely ) B ... barney ? barney ( move closer ) hiya , fred. ( notice he ruin tuxedo ) Boy , the rental place be gonna be mad ... ( eyeing the mess ) ... you feel better , pal ? ( continued ) 91 . 204 continued : 204 fred ' pal ' ? how can you call I that ? barney , I ... I have be such a ... such a ... such a ... barney creep ? fred well , yeah . but more of a -- barney ( helpful tone ) fool ? fred well -- barney slimeball ? louse ? jackass ? ( snap finger ) stuck - up blimpasaurus ? fred ( wince , but take it ) barney ... can ... can you ever forgive I for be such a jerk ? barney ( step closer ) sure , fred. ( smile ) I have have lot of practice . fred ( touch ) aw , barn ... and he grab barney in a big bear hug . tear in both they eye , they slap each other on the back , two prehistoric sensitive guy . CUT to : 205 fibresphere &amp ; slate needle - night 205 Little cupola car be chugge around the upper level of the fibresphere , where they enter a tunnel - like open - ing label " the world of fibre . " wilma , Betty , the kid and dino be in one of this . now , we follow they as they chug into -- 92 . 206 the fibresphere " world of fibre " ride 206 the cupolas rattle along in disneyland style , pass a sign which read : " fibrerock --transforming the home . " here , mechanical figure in a all - fibre home move klutzily around the room . recording ( v.o. ) ( a la ' the great gildersleeve ' ) welcome ! welcome to the fabulous world of tomorrow ... a world bring to you by fibrerock ! 207 reverse angle 207 revealing that behind the hollow shell of the human family be a veritable family of monkey , all work the figure like puppet . a parrot at a stand - mount microphone be give the narration . parrot ( recording ) ( v.o. ) here , we see a typical family of the future , free of the care and worry of today ... yes , the great kibble crisis be a thing of the past when you be live the good life ... the fibrelife ! 208 next exhibit 208 the car chug past a display of tree trunk , leave , bubbling gunk ... and that iridescent vegetable pearl we have come to know ... coo - coo berry . Iron bar and vault - like door separate the coo-coo berry from the other item . another parrot here , gather from the four corner of the globe , be the secret ingredient of fibrerock ... some common , some rare ... all make life easier for you and yours ! 209 third exhibit 209 the little car chug into a elegant salon , complete with runway . there 's another parrot here in front of another megaphone , but this parrot be chic and flamboyant . fashion parrot but do fibrerock belong only in the kitchen , the garage , the workplace ? no , no , no , my darling ! 93. 210 fashion model on runway 210 as each girl strut forward , she shrug off a bulky animal fur and toss it into a garbage can . underneath be all kind of dare and tantalize fashion woven in the tell - tale fibre color . the clothes be a blend of the future and retro ( that be , prehistoric retro ) . fashion parrot because the clothes of the Stone Age be as extinct as stone themselves ! yes , thanks to the wonder of fibrerockfibre , the world of high fashion will be totally transformed ... by fibre fur ... fibre frock ... fibre foundation and fibreshoe ... it 's to die for ! 211 FOURTH exhibit 211 now , we see a display of fibrerock prop of all kind -- appliance , toy , tool , etc ... all of it upstage by a choir consist of every animal , bird and critter we have see in this film . wilma , Betty , the kid and dino ooh and ahh with the other guest as the mechanical animal all sing in unison -- fibre choir ( v.o . ) ' it 's a fibre World you know , it 's a fibre World you know , it 's a fibre World you know -- ' CUT to : 212 int . barney' workshop - night 212 Fred and barney be surround by book and carton and memorabilia . they have they arm around each other and be sing . fred &amp ; barney ' now it 's time to do or die , grab that rock and kick it high , let 's fight , fight , fight for bedrock High ! ' they break up laugh . Fred chuckle , look at one of the many old photograph strewn around . fred Boy , that be the day , barney . bedrock High win all that game ... and you and I right in the middle of it . 94 . 213 new angle - favoring photo 213 the photograph ( dot in stone ) show the young Fred and barney in they cheerlead costume . barney have a sweater and megaphone ; Fred be in a godzilla - like " mascot " costume . he 's hold the hideously - sculpt head under he arm . barney yeah . too bad we never make the team . fred so what ? we make the team spirit . that 's just as important ... whatever happen to that cheerleader costume ? barney you know Betty . she never throw anything away . he haul out a old footlocker , open it . there they be . fred ( rummage in it ) Boy . talk about memory . Fred toss the cheerleader sweater to barney , who grin , pull it on . Fred also start to get into he old " uniform , " but have to suck he gut in mightily . finally , he can zip it up , stern to stem . fred back then , we think a pop quiz be a big problem . we do not know how good we have it . no problem , no worry ... say this , Fred attempt to put on the godzilla- like head . he have a hard time slide it into a hinge rail behind he neck , a even harder time swinging it down and forward . barney speak of problem and worry , should not we get on over to Slate 's party ? Fred have finally " clink " the monster head down into place . now , when he talk , the monster 's mouth move in sync . ( continued ) 95 . 213 continued : 213 fred ( echo - y ) what for ? so he and all he fancy friend can look down they nose at we ? completely cover in the ferocious - look suit , Fred step over to barney , stab a angry claw in he direction . fred ( echo - y ) all they have be do be use we , barney . and meanwhile -- now Fred reach up to take the head off . it stick for a moment . finally he get it to flip back on its hinge where it hang behind he neck like a ski parka hood . fred ( normal voice ) -- meanwhile all the time they be laugh at we . barney yeah ? when do you notice that ? fred about a hour ago . barney Boy , there 's no fool you , Fred . suddenly , with a growing creaking , cracking and tinkling , a scale model of Slate City in the corner begin to fall apart . Fred and barney look at each other , startle , then rush over to the model . it 's the interim version we see earlier . 214 closer - model 214 the decomposition continue , wall and support turn into sand and run down before we eye . in a rube Goldberg - like continuum , the little house go first , fall like domino ... fred wha ... what 's happen ? barney try to stop the process , can not . ( continued ) 96 . 214 continued : 214 barney I ... I do not know ... the fibrerock it 's ... it 's decompose ... but this should not happen ... fred you old model be just fine ... 215 angle 215 indeed , the older model from barney 's tinkering day be rock solid . 216 back to scene 216 barney it should be . there 's enough coo-coo berry resin in there to petrify a brontosaurus -- suddenly barney get it . he look from the older model to the now decompose little fibresphere with grow awareness . barney ( snap he finger ) -- the coo- coo berry ! Fred , that 's it ! fred what 's it ? barney remember I say the fibrefoam taste funny ? it be the coo-coo sap that be miss ! fred but .. why would -- barney why ? because coo- coo berry be as valuable as goldrock ! and we have have ton of them deliver to the plant since we start ... somebody musta get greedy -- fred -- not ' somebody ' -- lava ! barney ( alarmed ) Fred , that sap act as a fixative -- it 's the glue that hold the whole formula together -- ! ( continued ) 97 . 216 continued : 216 fred ( with mount concern ) then ... what 's happen here ... barney ( finish it ) ... be gonna happen for real in the real Slate City ! fred oh no ... barney ! wilma and Betty -- and the kid -- they be all there -- with a final whimper , the little fibresphere cave in and then the nearby slate needle crumble , model story by model story . finally the " disk " on top of the needle be all that 's leave , wobble around like a spun dinner plate . it finally fall ... explode . fred ( worried ) -- b-barney ... what do we do ? barney run to a locker , grab a big plunger - power flit gun , begin fill it with a red liquid . barney coo-coo berry sap , Fred ! it 's we only chance -- they only chance ! barney give it a quick test squirt . Fred nod , and they rush out of the room . camera push in on the ruin of the model " Slate City " ... CUT to : 217 int . slate needle - night 217 widen from a young kid who be drink a glass of water and simultaneously sing with a ventriloquist 's dummy . obviously , the talent show have begin . in the audience , lava fidget with nervous and confident energy ... give wilma a big look . lava you be certainly look lovely this evening , Mrs. flintstone . life with a junior executive must agree with you . ( continued ) 98 . 217 continued : 217 wilma uh ... thank you ... I think . lava ( look into she eye ) yes . I think so , too. ( smile ) imagine how good you would look with a senior executive . wilma oh ? be Fred get promote ? lava laugh , sure she 's kid ... then not so sure . the ventriloquist finish to scattered applause . the kid bow , get up ... splashes across puddle of water on the stage area . the headmistress of l'ecole Superior et al step up . behind she , the picture window display the expanse of Slate City : the twin slatescrapers frame endless row of little tract house stretch to the distant volcanic ridge . headmistress ( as applause die ) sank you , lady and gentleman . a ' sink you , monsieur Slate for zis lovely set . Zoot alor , zis will ze mo ' fantas'tic recital in bedrock ' istoree . now , I would like to sink out mo ' generous benefactress , Madame Slate for she fine support o'vair zee year -- she gesture into the audience , where Mrs. Slate stand , wave a glove hand like the Queen mother . headmistress -- a ' now , what better introduction could we 'ave for Mrs. Slate 's vairy own gran ' nephew ... poindexter lava ! she step aside . curtain rise on little poindexter . he be carry a leather - and - bone accordion . he begin to play : poindexter ( sing loudly ) ' dino of Spain , I adore you right from the moment I see you -- ' 99 . 218 quick shot - audience 218 they smile become fix . ( up on the spotlight , the little bird who operate the light put earplug in they ear . ) in the wing with pebbles and bam - bam , dino moan , hide he head under he paw . on the refreshment table , glass crack ... a cake fall . 219 close on lava 219 he surreptitiously check he wrist watch ... CUT to : 220 int . empty fibreride - tight on another watch - night 220 this one a pocket job . ( like lava 's , it 's really a little sundial with a build - in burn match above it to provide a shadow ! ) we widen , and see that this watch be hold in a green , scaley claw . 221 another angle 221 it 's the xenosaurus , lurking behind the exhibit ! now , the creature grunt confidently , light up a cigar . then it pick up a canvas bag and a big toolbox and tiptoe into the deeper recess of the fibre ride . CUT to : 222 int . fred be car - travelling 222 Fred and barney rush along , Fred at the wheel . fred what will we do when we get there ? barney we just tell mister Slate that all 500 acre of he development be go to crumble into dust any minute . ( hold up the flit gun ) then we zap the stair and corridor with some of this coo- coo sap . I just hope we have enough to get everybody out -- whoops ! he 's say this last because as he hold up the flit gun , the handle whacked the back of Fred 's monster costume , and the head have flip down with a solid " clink . " ( continued ) 100 . 222 continued : 222 fred barney -- ! ( swerving all over the road ) -- I can not see straight -- barney get up on he knee , grab the wheel with one hand and the monster head with the other . barney hang on , hang on -- oops . he rotate the head completely around . Fred flail around . barney grab the wheel with one hand , try to help Fred with the other . 223 ext . car - night 223 it careen around even more wildly now . there 's several near collision . CUT to : 224 ext . " rockdonald be " restaurant - night 224 " rockdonald 's " be , of course , complete with golden arch of stone , a drive - up window , etc . it even have the oblig - atory cop on a break ... in this case , feldspar and gravel . they be sit in they patrol car eat from little bamboo container shape just like McDonald 's styrofoam . ( of course , the logo on the building behind they proudly read " over 100 sold . " ) feldspar ( mouth full , bitching ) speed trap again ! face it , gravel . I be in a rut ... and meanwhile , the guy who go through the academy with I , they be all big shot now : Sam Slate ... dirty harock ... magma , p.i. and you know why ? ' Cause they get the break , that 's why ! suddenly both officer react to the sound of skidding tire and honking horn . they look out they window at -- 225 fred and barney - drive past 225 both still battle the wheel and the resistant costume head . ( by now they gyration have put barney 's face inside the jaw of the monster mask . ) 101 . 226 back to scene 226 gravel s-sarge , d-did you see that ? some sorta creature be attack that little guy -- ! feldspar there 's a lesson there , gravel ... never pick up hitchhiker . besides -- ( realize ) -- do you say ' creature ' ? they do a big double - take at the now-vanish car . feldspar &amp ; gravel the xenosaurus ! excite , feldspar bang he dashboard and a dispatch parakeet in a police uniform pop into view . feldspar grab it around the neck , hold it like a microphone . feldspar this be a xenosaurus alert . repeat , a xenosaurus alert . the creature have be sighted on the Slate City exit of the venturock freeway ! it be drive a brown late model sedan and eat a white male caucasian . car twelve be in hot pursuit . he release the bird , which do not fly away right away , but give he a look . feldspar ( remember ) oh , yeay ... over and out ! the bird nod , appease , fly off . dispatch parakeet ( as it go ) awwk ! car twelve be on the way . car twelve be on the way ... feldspar ( thrilled ) gravel , this could mean promotion for both of we ! ( trot up to speed ) load the shotgun and turn on the siren ! 102 . 227 fred be car - travelling 227 barney be rock Fred 's head back and forth , finally give it one last mighty yank . something break . barney fall back on the passenger side of the car . Fred drive with one hand , " rap " the monster head . it rattles . when Fred speak again , the monster mouth no longer open and close in sync . fred ( muffle , shouting ) Ho , gweat ! hoo bwike hit , bahnee ! hi khnat twalk hennymore ! suddenly both man ( pardon , man and xenosaurus ) react to a approach siren . they both look back at -- 228 felspar' patrol car 228 close in . gravel have produce a little sabre tooth cat and be " cranking " its tail . as it wail away , the cop close in on we heroes . 229 back to scene 229 fred Ho noh ! ahhrisser felghspah ! ( turn to barney ) haybee whee hould shtop -- ? barney what , and explain what you be do in that costume ? start talk about coo-coo berry and fibrerock ? by then it will be too late ! fred ' hen yore height , yore height ... Fred pour on more speed . they careen around a turn . camera whip pan to a road sign : slate CITY -- 1 MI . 230 slate CITY - rear gate 230 a fence surround the empty housing development ; in the distance , we can see the dark Slate scraper , and past they , the brightly - light and gleam fibersphere and Slate needle . we hear a screech and then the camera pan back to pickup Fred 's car as it whip around a turn , two wheel off the ground . it crash right into the gate , knock down a sign read " slate CITY --delivery gate . " the fence collapse all around the car . 103 . 231 new angle 231 Fred and barney stagger out of the wreck . barney , cover with debris , rummages around and sigh with relief when he find the flit gun of coo- coo sap be still intact . barney ( hearing a siren ) we would better split up ; that way at least one of we can make it to the Slate needle -- ! fred ' ood hidea . ood whuk , ol ' bhudee . they slap hand together like basketball player , then head off in two direction . CUT to : 232 int . slate needle 232 camera pan the audience as the accordion recital con - tinue . several people look visibly ill . finally , camera adjust to take in poindexter 's big finish as he slide forward on he knee . there 's a scatter of half - heart applause , lead by lava and the slate . headmistress sank you , sink you . we nex ' performance be bam -bam , pebbles ... ( check note ) ... a ' friend . she step aside as a spotlight pick out -- 233 pebble , bam - bam &amp ; dino 233 poise in the stance we recognize as the " first position " of the " dino dance . " however , whereas the previous version of this be do impromptu and a cappella with only a few primitive prop and straw hat alone , this time the kid and dino be fully costume , with sequin , baton and the like , and the dance be completely choreograph . kide you can keep the twist , the frug and hop -- 234 various angle 234 as the dino dance begin , full orchestration over it . the audience seem to really like it -- all except -- 104 . 235 mrs . slate 235 who glance over at the judge long enough to see that they like this a lot better than the accordion act . suddenly Mrs. Slate jump up , barge on stage . the music die . headmistress Madame Slate , what ees wrong -- ? mrs . slate I will tell you what 's wrong ! this ' act ' be a absolute disgrace ! this be suppose to be a talent show ! and a pedestrian animal act like this belong in a circus ! 236 wilma and betty 236 react , furious , jump out of they seat . betty a circus , huh ? well , if we kid belong in a circus with they act , then you little nephew belong in a zoo with he -- wilma yeah -- a zoo where the animal be dead -- because if they be not , they will be ! mrs . slate why , how dare you ! Mrs. flintstein , I will have you know that my little poindexter have be train by the finest tutor ! poindexter ! show they ! encore ! the kid jump up , begin to play . immediately another glass shatter . but then the ceiling fixture crack , and then the picture window panel begin to shatter one by one . mrs . slate ( alarmed ) ah ... poindexter ... that 's enough ... poindexter ...? the kid stop ... but another window panel explode . then one of the table collapse . pause . every head in the room swivel around and stare at poindexter . nervous , he toss the accordion aside . but the destruction continue : another window panel shatter . then , the entire building shake . 105 . 237 slate 237 lose he balance , grab onto lava for support , end up pull he down , too . Slate get to he knee and look out the window ... and he jaw drop in astonishment . 238 he Pov - slate CITY 238 in the distance , with a crackling roar , the little row of fibrerock tract house be fall like domino in a wave that be roll toward the Slate needle . 239 slate CITY development - night 239 a flashlight beam rake the camera . feldspar , shotgun in one hand , light in the other , look around cautiously . ( the shotgun have a slingshot mechanism ; the flashlight be a mirror- back candle . ) behind he , footstep approach . feldspar tense , but it 's -- gravel no sign of the driver ... feldspar you kid ? by now he 's a couple of shinbone and a belch . gravel drop down on one knee , excited . he shine he light on Fred 's big " clawprint . " gravel Holy cowasaurus ! look how deep this track be ! that xeno thing must weigh a ton ! they aim they light at the track , begin to follow they . suddenly they round a corner and come face to face with -- 240 new angle - fred 240 he 's stop between two sample home to wrestle with the monster head again . now , he freeze in twin flash - light beam ! feldspar okay , lizard , reach for the sky ! Fred hesitates ... then , hearing a creak and groan , he look at the house beside he . the stucco-like exterior of fibrerock be beginning to crumble . ( continued ) 106 . 240 continued : 240 fred offisser fledapar , het I hexpwain -- he howse hiss may uv fibahwock -- he reach out to tap the nearby wall and -- wham -- it collapse all around he , leave a gape hole in the house ! feldspar ( frighten , back away ) quivering quartzite , d-did you see that -- gravel ( follow he ) o- one flick of he paw ... and he knock down a wall -- ! fred nogh , wate , chum baggk -- as Fred " roar " and move forward , feldspar and gravel scream , panic , and run ! 241 fred 241 tries to catch up and collide with the already damage house . it collapse totally , fall in on itself , obscure Fred . finally the last timber drop . pause . Fred stagger out of the rubble , realize that the impact have knock the monster mask off he head and back on its hinge . he rub dust out of he eye , turn and look at the Slate needle . he 's much closer to it now . quickly , he run toward it . CUT to : 242 inside the slate needle 242 everyone be rock back and forth with the escalate vibration of the sway building . the remain table of refreshment slide across the room . 243 poindexter lava 243 get hit full force by a fly cake shape like Slate City . he fall on top of he accordion , smash it with one last dissonant squeeze . 107 . 244 partygoer 244 they pause in they panic to applaud gratefully . CUT to : 245 ext . base of fibresphere and slate needle - night 245 the support pylon and cable anchor begin to slowly decompose . a flight of stair creak and groans . barney run into the shot , see the step about to go , dive for they ... too late ! he end up with a face full of fibredust ! now , he whirl as Fred run up , point -- fred barney ! the elevator -- ! barney run toward it , hit the button . 246 other side of wall 246 revealing elevator mechanism . the button poke a mouse which run out of a box . see the mouse , a nearby mastadon become frighten , begin run . a heavy cable tie to the mastadon run over a pulley and into -- 247 the elevator shaft 247 -- where the elevator rise out of the sub-level and into view ! Fred and barny start towards it ... when suddenly the fibrerock elevator begin to crumble ! fred Quick ! use you coo- coo gun -- ! barney aim , pull back the plunger ... too late ! the elevator be go . the cable swing back and forth loosely , " whapping " the shaft wall as it shoot upwards . Fred dive for the cable , miss ! as he stumble , barney leap on Fred 's back , catch the cable ! as barney start to whizz upwards , Fred garb onto he ankle ! 248 above - fibresphere 248 propel upwards , the would - be rescuer shoot out of the frame , disappear into the fibresphere with a crash ! CUT to : 249 int . bedrock police station - night 249 the police chief look skeptically at feldspar and gravel , who be exhaust , cover with dust , uniform tear . ( continued ) 108 . 249 continued : 249 chief feldspar , if you ask I , you have see too many rockzilla movie : in all the xenosaurus sighting we have have report , not one have have this kind of wholesale destruction -- feldspar Chief , you -- you gotta believe I -- just one swipe of its paw and -- wham -- a whole house be pre-history -- ! suddenly one of that police dispatch parakeet come fly excitedly through the window , land on a perch in front of the Chief . dispatch parakeet Calling all car . Calling all car . unconfirm report of destruction and collapse at Slate City . rescue vehicle be on the way . the xenosaurus have be spot in the area . that be all . that be all . feldspar ( excited ) you see -- ? I tell you -- chief all right , feldspar , I be convinced ! as of this moment you be completely in charge of operation ... ( dramatic ) ... ' xeno dino ' ! now , what do you need ? camera tightens on feldspar . this be the moment he 's wait for all he life . feldspar ( firm -jaw ) artillery . CUT to : 250 int . fibresphere - night 250 Dust and little fragment of construction material be still tinkling down around we heroes . the elevator cable sway from its uppermost pulley . slowly , something stir in the pile of arm , leg and scaly limb . ( continued ) 109 . 250 continued : 250 first to sit up be barney , who groan , rub he head . next , Fred sit up . damn ! the impact have knock Fred 's monster mask back on he head ! Fred mutter angrily ... barney start to help ... and then they both notice that there 's another monstrous head in the middle of they group ! there be big " take " all around , and then the xenosaurus leap out of the tangle of body , tread air , and run away ! barney ( recover ) Fred , stop it ! it might know the way inside ! Fred " get up to speed " and chase the xeno . barney follow . 251 new angle 251 Fred and barney both leap on the mysterious xenosaurus -- all crash through a wall -- 252 int . slate needle - night 252 the panicked partygoer turn as a section of wall collapse . Dust and debris billow upwards . the batter monster mask break loose from Fred 's costume , bounce on the floor . slowly , everyone get up : Fred ... barney ... and two halve of the xenosaurus : the bottom half be piltdown ; the top-half be pyrite . wilma betty Fred ? barney ? pebble bam - bam daddy ! pop ! fred barney piltdown ? pyrite ? slate what the devil 's go on here ? fred it 's real simple , mister Slate . you boy lava here have be steal the coo-coo berry from the fibrerock mix and fix the book to hide it ! lava that 's ridiculous , flintstone ! nobody could get that many coo- coo berry off we premise ! ( continued ) 110 . 252 continued : 252 suddenly the bottom of piltdown 's canvas sack rip open . thousands and thousand of coo- coo berry tumble out . 253 lava 253 slap he hand over he face . 254 the scene 254 betty ( dryly ) this sure look like coo- coo berry to I -- lava ( smoothly ) they be convincing fake , Mrs. rubble -- part of we exciting display -- pyrite fake ? ( to piltdown ) gee , pilty , I think the real one be gonna be move up here for we to steal -- whatta waste a time -- piltdown pyrite , shaddup -- fred ( snap finger ) now I remember ! this guy be pull this xenosaurus act that night at the plant ! what 's this , lava ... ' plan B '? lava uncle ! be you go to stand there while aspersion be be cast at the Slate family ? this be absurd -- slate of course it be ! why , without the coo-coo berry sap , fibrerock would be completely -- ( realize ) -- unstable ... suddenly the entire building shudder . Dust fall from the ceiling . everyone look at lava . ( continued ) 111 . 254 continued : 254 lava all right , all right , I admit it ! I get in over my head in the stock market ... take some big loss ... I have this guy pull job for I all over town disguise as a monster ... but it still be not enough ... and when I see all that coo- coo berry be deliver every day , I guess I just lose my head ... I figure with the woca sap in the fibremix , the berry juice as superfluous ... slate I will tell you what 's superfluous , lava ... you liver ! so why do not we remove it -- ! he leap , snarling , on top of lava ... Fred and barney pull they apart . then , more fall dust and beam give everyone more press problem -- CUT to : 255 ext . slate needle - night 255 rescue vehicle and police car roar up , slam to a halt , cat siren wailing . the rescue worker jump out . firefighter carry circular trampoline of hide stitched to bamboo frame ; other go to the back of they truck and start to turn crank on the hook and ladder truck to raise the ladder . 256 close on a hook and ladder truck 256 it 's actually a wheeled carriage carry a firesaurus , which be a critter with a very tiny body and a incre - ibly long neck . the bony plate on the creature 's back make perfect stair . however , the creature be noticeably listless and uncooperative . FIRE chief come on , come on , what 's the hold up -- ? firefighter it 's the kibble crisis , sir -- the firesauruse have be on half - ration for a month ! above they , the build shudder again . 112 . 257 in the slate needle 257 now , the remain light fixture crash down . when they hit the floor , the oil lamp inside spill and fire spread . wilma ( point ) Fred ! there 's a fire hose -- ! indeed , it 's on the back wall in a close box mark FIRE hose --in case of emergency break glass . Fred and barney take a step towards it , but the fire quickly spread and cut they off . helpless , they step back . with a thunderous roar , the two slate scraper visible through what 's leave of the picture window collapse . then the big statue of Slate just outside the window begin to decompose . it fall in on itself like a sand sculpture in a storm ... finally , for a split second it be , well , life -size , and then the head of the statue snap loose , crash through the only remain pane of glass here ... roll up to Slate 's foot . pause . everyone look at everyone else . this be it : Titanic time . Fred embrace wilma ... barney embrace Betty . they kid be pull into the clinch . even Slate take Mrs. Slate 's hand . talk about grace under pressure ... and speak of -- 258 grace 258 -- the star fashion model , suddenly she fibrethread costume decompose , leave she in she cute little animal print undy . 259 betty 259 in the middle of go down with the ship , she turn bam - bam 's face away from this display . bam - bam D - dad , be we gonna be okay ? barney ( pause ; false smile ) sure , pal . we just gotta wait for the fire department . right , Fred ? fred y-yeah . everything 's gonna be just -- whoa , hoo-hah , aggh -- ( continued ) 113 . 259 continued : 259 he 's start yelping because he 's realize he arm be on fire , and now he jump up and the other begin beat at the arm with anything in they hand , and then Fred suddenly push away from they , stand there with a small flame flicker on he forearm like a rock Vegas stage magician . fred -- wait a minute -- I do not feel anything at all -- with he other " claw " he slap tentatively at the flame , and then confidentially snuff it out . barney it must be the suit , Fred -- old bedrock High build they thing to last -- Fred look over at the wall of flame separate the guest from the fire hose . as everyone get the same idea , dino rush up , the costume head in he mouth . all brighten . barney help Fred with the head , twist it into place . barney ( rapping on the head ) -- okay ? fred hist hust fine ! he lower he head , run through the fire , which lick at he harmlessly . then with he claw , he smashes the amber glass -- 260 in the BOX 260 a big pythonsaurus be curl up inside , snoring . ( note to herpetologist : the pythonosaurus be not quite a snake : it have little vestigial forepaw the better to emote with . right now the snore head be in that little paw . ) the pythonsaurus stir , look at Fred , " sniff " the smoke . then he raise one hand and finger as if to say " one moment . " then the pythonsaurus turn he head towards a nozzle like the one in hamster cage , slurp loudly . we hear gallon and gallon of water gurgling away ... 114 . 261 in the MAIN room 261 everyone retreat from the fire . Slate pick up the head of the statue , he only souvenir . 262 with fred 262 wait impatiently until the pythonsaurus finally finish drink . it wipe its mouth daintily with a napkin , slap a little fire helmet on its head , turn and run back into the other room . ( behind he , yard and yard of pythonsaurus unroll from a hide compart - ment behind the box . ) Water shoot out of the creature 's mouth . 263 wider 263 Fred turn in a semi-circle and put out every lick of flame in the room . all the guest cheer , rush forward and slap Fred on the back . pebbles jump up on he and kiss he . fred hit fuzz nudd ... wheely ... the pythonsaurus look around at the attention . pythonsaurus hey , what be I , chop liver ? barney come on , everybody -- we will go out the way we come ! barney squirt a pathway with he flit gun , solidify a route in the crumble fibrerock . then barney and Fred stand back nobly , wave everyone on into the adjacent fibresphere . poindexter ( push and shove ) outta the way -- outta the way -- woman and child first -- ! I mean , ah , child and woman first , yeah , yeah , provide that uh , there 's room for the woman ... meanwhile , the pythonsaurus give Fred ( or rather he costume ) a big look up and down , look toward the camera . pythonsaurus hey , not bad . wonder if she life around here . just then Fred tilt back the monster head . the pythonsaurus react . ( continued ) 115 . 263 continued : 263 pythonsaurus heartbreaker ! depress , the pythonsaurus follow the other . Fred and barney cross over into the fibresphere . as the do , Slate needle completely collapse . 264 ext . fibresphere - long shot 264 the Slate needle tumble down , take a big chunk of the fibresphere with it ! but the rest of the huge globe stay put ... for now . 265 rescue worker below 265 gasp , cry out -- 266 up above 266 already the first partygoer be slide down the elevator cable . headmistress ( panic ) oh , geez , we be all gonna croak -- I neva shoulda leave Far rockaway -- wilma give she a big suspicious look -- blanching , the headmistress slide down the cable -- 267 below 267 the rescue team catch the people in net as they hit the ground . 268 above 268 barney give the dwindling circle of solid fibre around the group another shot of coo- coo juice . poindexter lava push he way forward . poindexter ( to anyone and everyone ) fifty clam for a piggy - back ride ... a hundred clam ! mrs . slate ( aghast ) do you see that , Jerry ? do you see how my great - nephew be behave at this moment of crisis ? ( continued ) 116 . 268 continued : 268 lava ( proudly ) yeah . Real chip off the old block , be not he ? embarrass , Mrs. Slate grab the kid by the neck , practically throw he at the cable . she follow he down , follow by lava and Mr. Slate . 269 rear of fleeing people 269 Fred and barney have bravely hold up the rear , they family clutching to they . barney 's carry bam -bam . fred ( to pebbles ) upsy-daisy , sweetheart -- piggy back time ! she jump on he back ... slamm the monster head back in place . fred ( resign ) hohh ... gweat ! barney ( to Betty ) go on , honey ... I get bam - bam ! betty barney ... tonight you be the biggest man in bedrock . she kiss he , slide down . 270 close on wilma and fred 270 backlit romantically by the flame , just like gable and leigh when Atlanta burn . fred ( through the mask ) wilmagh , I jusght whunt to sagh thad I knogh shumtime I dogh dumb think ... bhut hit 's becaughse high luff yough sogh much thaght high whant yough to livgh likge a pwincess orgh a qween ' cause you reaally arggh rugg aaggg hummmmg higga ! ( continued ) 117 . 270 continued : 270 wilma oh , Fred -- that 's the most beautiful thing I have ever hear ! they kiss ... she drop to safety ...! 271 below 271 wilma slide into a rescue net , get on unsteady foot next to Betty . 272 back upstair 272 fred lhet 's dogh it ! they kid on they back , Fred and barney exchange a heroic forearm - to- forearm gladiator - type handshake ... both put they hand on the cable ... and then the whole pulley mechanism fall right down between they and through the hole ! a second later , the entire remain structure collapse ! 273 below 273 everyone react in horror -- 274 above 274 Dust and smoke clear . when we can see again , well , it 's not a pretty sight . the entire fibresphere be go . all that 's leave , teeter on two spindly support , be two tiny island of safety connect by a twisted maze of rubble too small for a human to negotiate ... and all that 's hold that up be a long guide wire lead to the ground ! 275 closer 275 figure on one of the island stir : fred. barney . bam -bam ... pebbles ! the platform shudder again . barney aim the flit gun -- empty ! the dad hold on to the kid . it 's all they can do . 276 below 276 wilma and Betty gasp ... what can be do ? 277 the second island 277 brick and chunks of fibre stir ... a form sit up ... it 's -- dino ! he look around at the situation , become agitate ... he want to help ... but how ? 118. 278 wilma and betty 278 suddenly become inspire . betty w-wilma ... that hoop of bamboo ... that wire ... do you think -- ? wilma yes ! yes ! Betty , we have to try it -- ! dino ! dino , look down here -- ! 279 dino 279 obey , puzzle -- 280 he Pov - wilma and betty 280 amazingly , they grab scrap of wood , borrow fire fighter 's helmet , and begin to do a buck and wing . wilma and betty you can keep the twist , the frug and hop I do not need to shimmy , I do not need to bop -- 281 big camera push - dino 281 music come up dramatically as he catch on ! his eye fill with courage and he charge toward the spindly bridge that lead to he master and friend . 282 another angle 282 dino dive through the hoop of bamboo , duplicate he step in " the dino dance . " he reach the other island ! without a beat , still keep time , he put the two kid on he shoulder , just like in the dance ! then he " present " he tail to Fred -- Fred hand he tail to barney -- and then -- 283 long shot 283 -- dino slide down the long wire , carry everyone to safety ! they all plow into the biggest rescue net as wilma and Betty wind up ! wilma and betty yes , I do not need to shimmy , I do not need to bop ' Cause I be doin ' , doin ' , doin ' the igneous rock ! 119 . 284 fred 284 roll out of the net and away from the other . he 's slightly stunne , still in the suit . he sit up ... suddenly light snap on all around he ! Fred look up and see -- 285 he Pov - cordon of police officer 285 all with weapon aim right at he . spotlight on the police car roof ( actually little fire with parabolic mirror ) be operate by uniform monkey . feldspar be at the head of the group . he cock he shotgun . the elastic catapult at the hammer twitch menacingly -- feldspar it 's the xenosaurus -- stand back , man -- it 's a vicious killer -- ready -- aim -- fred ( with desperate poignancy ) High ham noght a zenosore ! High ham hay hooman be -- ! bam ! wham ! kabam ! bullet and projectile begin slamm all around Fred ! he duck behind a big fall chunk of fibrerock -- catch he breath as the bullet and shell bounce off its resilient surface . 286 close - fred 286 momentarily safe , he try desperately to remove that stupid head -- bang it against the wall , tear at it with he claw -- -- meanwhile , the chunk of fibrerock protect he decompose ! he 's back in the line of fire ! 287 dino 287 flanke by wilma , barney and the kid , who be shouting for the police to stop , only dino the wonder bronto have the wit to act ! " yi - yi - yi - ing , " he race forward , camera following -- and with lightning reflex grab the seat of Fred 's monster suit and -- de -pant he ! instantly , dino whirl Fred around , point to the now reveal stripe undershort . 288 wider 288 pause . ( continued ) 120 . 288 continued : 288 then Officer gravel take a good look at that rear end . gravel hey , that be the biggest short I have ever see ... ( realize ) ... it ... it must be mister flintstone ! cease fire ! ( to feldspar ) gee , sarge , now you do not have to shoot he -- ! now Fred confirm gravel 's hunch as the costume head finally pop off . all the cop lower they gun . ( strangely , though , feldspar still continue to raise he gun -- even aim ! then a alarmed gravel wrestle it away from he superior . ) 289 the flintstone and rubbles - dawn 289 safe , they all emotionally embrace . Fred even suffer dino 's affection . ( in the b.g. , a police car hold piltdown , pyrite and lava drive past . poindexter lava be chase the car . ) poindexter ( distant ) dad ! dad ! can I use the porscherock while you be in the slammer ? suddenly the slate push they way into the group hug . slate flintstone . rubble . I ... I do not know what to say . I ... I treat you horribly ... I ignore you , abuse you ... and then you come here and risk you neck like this ... well , there 's no price you can put on something like that , so I will not even try . but let I give you ... ( with great poignancy ) ... a hearty handshake . mrs . slate dear , do not you think a little more than that be in order ? slate honey , you be be hysterical , go lie down , okay ? ( continued ) 121. 289 continued : 289 mrs . slate I be not be hysterical , I be be fair -- now the flintstein and rabbles save all of we life , not to mention you reputation . slate ( sighing ) okay , okay . ( to Fred and barney ) boy , I be feel guilty about how you have be take advantage of , so I will tell you what ... I be go to give you back all world - wide rights to fibrerock , free and clear . he pick up a fragment of stone , begin write on it . slate you only obligation will be to cover oh , whatever legal expense might surface at some later time ... barney you think there 's gonna be some ? Slate look around at -- 290 he Pov - the ruins and destruction 290 smoke desolation as far as the eye and camera can see . as we watch the last remain fragment of Slate City collapse , crush a police car . 291 back to scene 291 slate ( casually ) oh , you never know ... 292 rescue dino 292 several sniff at the air , look curiously at a nearby pile of crumble fibrerock . one and then another shuffles over , tentatively taste some ... grin ... and dig in ! see this , the " firesauruse " crane out they neck , also begin chow down on the pile of fibrerock crumb . 293 fred , barney , slate and other 293 all turn at the grow sound of the animal pigging out . ( continued ) 122. 293 continued : 293 now dino " yi - yi - yi be " past this group and leap into the pile , munch like crazy . barney put out he hand as chunks of fibrerock shower down like rain from the feed frenzy . catch some piece , he nibble on it a little . fred barn ...? what 's go on ? barney ( sniff it ) lava lava leave ... woca sap ... all still there , but now the nutrient be all release ... ( realize ) ... Fred , this ... this be dino kibble ! fred dino kibble ...? disbelieve , Fred move over to the happily - munch animal . he have to get on he knee to wiggle in with the pack . he grab some , stuff it in he mouth ... chew . his eye widen ... fred ( mouth full ) dhinough khibble !! he spit it out , take out the chunk of contract Slate write on . fred barney , we -- we be rich ! yabba dabba do -- ! 294 slate 294 faint dead away ! the camera pull back ... back ... back -- 295 ext . drive - in movie theatre - night 295 we be back where we begin . as " the end " appear on the drive - in screen , car be stream out of the drive - in theatre . the flintstone car be among they . 296 ext . drive -in restaurant - night 296 Fred and company roll into a ' 50' - style drive - in restaurant . a sign advertise bronto burger and rib . ( continued ) 123. 296 continued : 296 a pretty carhop on stone roller skate glide over . Fred hold up one finger towards she . she nod , scamper o.s. Fred rub he hand and lick he lip with antici - pation ... and then the girl return with a massive rack of rib on a car tray . she hook it on the edge of the driver 's door ... and the entire car tip over with a crash . CUT to : 297 ext . flintstone house - night 297 widen from the mailbox . Fred and family pull up . dino run in first , follow by wilma with pebbles already asleep on she shoulder . Fred follow , the saber- tooth cat on he heel . Fred stop in the doorway to put a milk bottle on the doorstep , and then put the cat down beside it . he shut the door . Quick as a flash , the cat leap through the side window . pause . the door open and the cat put Fred out , then slam the door ! Fred recover from he shock , try the door ... it 's lock ! music ( v.o. ) we will have a yabba dabba- do time a dabba- do time we will have a gay old time ! fred ( knock ) wilma ...? ( another knock ) ... wilma ? camera crane up , widen as Fred become a tiny sil - houette bang on the door . fred wilma ? wil - mar --! fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . inc . script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632