" the bourne identity " by tony gilroy base on the novel by Robert ludlum paris draft 9/20/00 darkness . the SOUND of wind and spray . music . title . ext . ocean -- night the darkness be actually water . a searchlight arc across heavy ocean swell . half - a-dozen flashlight -- weaker beam -- racing along what we can see be the deck of a aging fishing trawler . fishermen struggle with a gaff -- something in the water -- a human corpse . ext . fishing boat deck -- night the body sprawle there . the sailor all talk at once -- three language go -- brave chatter to mask the presence of death -- sailor # 1 -- Jesus , look at he -- sailor # 2 -- what ? -- you never see a dead man before ? -- sailor # 3 -- look , look he be shot -- ( nudging the body --) sailor # 1 -- do not , do not do that -- sailor # 2 -- he 's dead , you think he care ? -- sailor # 1 -- so have some respect -- it 's a -- ( stop as --) the body move ! -- convulse -- cough up sea water -- the sailor -- freak -- jump back -- stand there , as -- the man begin to breathe . int . fishing boat bunk room -- night a wreck . too small for all the people in here right now -- sailor sweeping off the table -- rough hand lay the man down -- the captain -- brutal and impatient -- watch from the door as -- giancarlo tear through the clutter -- search for a medical kit bury in the shamble . giancarlo be sixty . a bloodshot soul . giancarlo -- it 's here -- hang on -- it 's here somewhere -- give I a minute -- get some blanket -- get some blanket on he -- ( find the kit -- ) -- here we go -- here it be -- giancarlo with a old trunk -- just get it open , as -- the captain giancarlo . ( giancarlo turn back --) we pick he up ? okay , we have to pick he up . but that 's as far as it go . giancarlo he need a doctor . captain fuck that . he life ? he die ? I do not care . we have waste two hour on this shit already . you do what you can , but we be not go back . ( pure steel now ) you understand I ? giancarlo yes , sir . captain ( to the rest of they ) let 's get back to work ! giancarlo watch they run out . snagge a quick pull on a pint of rum he 's get stashed and -- int . fishing boat bunk room -- dawn -- time cut transform into a makeshift operate room . a light swing overhead . the man lay out across the table . sound -- groan -- word -- snatch of they -- all in different language . giancarlo play doctor in a greasy kitchen apron . cut away the clothes . turn the man on he side . two bullet wound in the back . probe they , judge they . now -- giancarlo with a flashlight in he tooth -- tink -- tink -- tink -- bullet fragment fall into a wash - out olive jar . now -- something catch giancarlo's eye -- a scar on the man be hip -- another fragment -- exacto knife cut in -- tweezers extract a SMALL plastic tube , not a bullet at all , and as it come free -- the man' hand slam down onto giancarlo's and we smash CUT into a -- first person Pov -- we be stare up at -- giancarlo you be awake . can you hear I ? ( we be blink --) you have be shot . I be try to help you . ( we be try to find we voice --) you be in the water . you have be shot . it 's okay now . the man where be I ? giancarlo ( switch to English ) you be american . I think so . from you tooth -- the dental work -- the man where be I ? giancarlo you be on a boat . a fishing boat . italian flag . we be out of vietri . ( he smile ) it 's the cold that save you . the water . the wound be clean . I be not a doctor , but the wound , it look okay . it 's clean . the man how do I get here ? giancarlo you we be lose at sea . they pull you out . ( we say nothing ) who be you ? ( still nothing ) you be shot -- two bullet -- in the back . you understand I ? ( we try to nod ) who be you ? Long dead pause . the man I do not know . ext . ocean -- day the trawler plow through heavy seas . int . fishing boat bunk room -- day giancarlo be hunch over a desk -- tweezers and flashlight -- busy work at that strange plastic tube that come out of the man 's hip . the man be bandage . he 's sit up , and it must hurt like hell , but physical pain be not the thing troubling he right now . he 's stare around the room -- at he body -- at the wall -- haunt -- the man what if it do not come back ? giancarlo ( still work that tube ) I tell you . you need to rest . silence . the man can not rest . too busy try to make sense of all this . the man I can read . I can read that sign on the door . I can count . I can talk ... ( focus now --) what be you do ? giancarlo rummage around -- find a magnify glass -- the man what be that ? insert -- magnified Pov -- a slip of plastic from the tube -- write there -- 000-7-17-12-0-14-26 . gemeinschaft bank , zurich . giancarlo it come from you hip . under the skin . ( turn back --) you have a bank in Zurich . ( wait ) you remember Zurich ? the man no. giancarlo stare at he now . different suddenly . suspicious . giancarlo look , I be just on this boat , okay ? I be a engineer . whatever this be , it 's not for I to be involved , okay ? the man I do not remember Zurich . giancarlo pull he pint . take a hit . giancarlo ( offer the bottle --) you drink rum ? the man I do not know . ext . fishing boat deck -- night the man stand at the rail , stare out to sea . so lose . he turn to head inside -- there , a surfcast rod propped against a locker . the man pick up the rod -- flip the bail -- trap the line -- now he 's casting far out into the darkness . and for the first time , he smile . int . fishing boat galley -- night a ratty old espresso machine . the man stand there , stare at the thing like it 's a test . then he hand begin to move -- try to pack a grind -- try to fit it in -- turn on the steam and -- the whole thing explode . ext . fishing boat deck -- day the man alone do chin-up on the deck rail . he 's still bandage and the wound must hurt like hell , but he 's push himself . use the pain -- bathing in it -- maybe even hope that it will hold some answer for he . int . fishing boat galley -- night a chess board . wooden piece jumble in a box . the man hesitates -- take a black knight from the box -- linger for a moment -- and then place it on the board . he 's off and run . he know this . place piece faster and faster -- still set it up , as we -- int . fishing boat head -- night one of the ugliest bathroom on the planet . the man stand before a pitte , tarnish , cataract of a mirror . stare at himself . and then he speak . the man ( in perfect french ) I do not know who I be . do you know who I be ? do have any idea who I be ? and then he stop . blink . wipe away the perspiration just bead on he forehead . the man ( in perfect dutch ) tell I who I be . if you know who I be , please stop fuck around and tell I . no answer . just that face . his face . who be I ? and what else be inside there ? ext . fishing boat -- day sailor haul in the net . the man -- still bandage , but heal -- work beside they . earning he keep . get healthy . ext . italian coastline -- dawn a small , colorful fishing village . the trawler motor in . int . the fishing boat bunk room -- same time the man buttone up borrow clothes . giancarlo pull some cash from he pocket -- giancarlo ( offer the money ) it 's not much , but it should get you to Switzerland . the man I will not forget this . giancarlo give he a look . shake he head , and -- int . pokey italian train station -- day the ticket window . the man and a ticket agent . ticket agent una sola via ? the man si. one way . una sola via . ext . tgv -- day a helicopter shot -- a bullet train speed through snow - cap alp . we move in on a window -- and stare out be ... int . tgv train -- day ... the man . people all around he -- family -- businessman -- normal people go about they life . the man turn back to the window , but he 's not watch the scenery -- he 's look at he reflection . so lose . his face suddenly plunge into darkness as the train bomb into a tunnel ... ext . train -- night ... and out of the darkness into night and the helicopter shot , as the train race toward zurich . int . CIA headquarters conference room -- day a video monitor -- full frame -- meet wombosi . he 's a African ex-dictator , think idi Amin cross with mobutu . he 's in some sort of throne room . and he 's angry . bodyguard and a translator hover nervously around he . what this be , be news footage -- a interview conduct by a german tv station . wombosi ( he speak english ) ...no , no , no -- the time be not right , my enemy be too strong . I be tell you to wait for this , you understand ? I be tell you this , and I be make a warning to all that people out there that think that my power have become so weak that they can play with I as they wish . you will see -- I will tell you when the evidence be clear . then you will have a story . my old friend will hear about themselves . ( stop , freezing on that image , and --) marshall , a CIA bigwig have the remote control . and the floor . marshall that 's nykwana wombosi speak in Paris the day before yesterday . I be sure most of you have a pass knowledge of Mr. wombosi . some of you on the African desk have work with he over the year . some of you very closely ... twelve CIA mandarin sit around the table like kid in detention . we will tour the face as marshall continue , but the guy we be interested in be name ward abbott . picture a sawier , slicker John poindexter . marshall ... he be a irritation before he take power . he be a problem when he be in power . and he 's be a disaster for we in exile . ( the tape --) wombosi like to send we message through the european media . this be a interview we pull down from a local german television station in dresden . we have be get this little broadside every couple of month . he know this -- he know that -- he 's write a book about the Agency 's history in Africa -- he 's go to name name . it 's basically a shakedown ... abbott' face say this be news to he . he hand suggest otherwise . marshall this interview -- and I will make the tape available for anyone who want it -- he go on to claim that he have just survive a assassination attempt . he say it 's we . he say he 's get proof . ( beat ) the overwhelming negative ramification of this should be obvious . ( hard and dry ) the director want to know if there be any possible shred of truth in this accusation . Long pause . no hand go up . int . zurich train station -- night the man wander through the terminal . pass a pizza place close up for the night . the man check he fund . just enough for one cold slice . ext . zurich street -- night the man walk aimlessly . ext . zurich park -- night the man try to get comfortable on a bench . it 's chilly but this will have to do until morning . just settling in , when -- zurich cop # 1 ( o.s. ) ( authority german ) can not you read the sign ? the man turn . two zurich cop come toward he . zurich cop # 2 on you foot . let 's go . right now . the man make he foot . they be on top of he now . zurich cop # 1 the park be close . there 's no sleep in the park . zurich cop # 2 let 's see some identification . the man not sure what to do . eye move . mouth shut . zurich cop # 1 come on . you papers . let 's go . the man I have lose they . I have ... ( german now ) my papers . they be lose . zurich cop # 1 ( not sympathetic ) okay . let 's go . put you hand up . zurich cop # 2 ( pull he nightstick ) -- come on -- hand up -- up -- the man raise he hand slowly -- zurich cop # 1 reach up to pat he down -- the man -- look , I be just try to sleep okay ? -- ( german again ) -- I just need to sleep -- zurich cop # 2 have hear enough -- give a sharp poke with the nightstick -- into the man 's back -- and that 's the last thing he will remember because -- the man be in motion . a single turn -- spin -- catch cop # 2 completely off guard -- the heel of he hand drive up into the guy 's throat and -- cop # 1 -- behind he -- try to reach for he pistol , but the man -- still turn -- all he weight move in a single fluid attack -- a sweeping kick and -- cop # 1 -- he 's fall -- catch the bench -- try to fight back but -- the man -- like a machine -- just unbelievably fast -- three jackhammer punch -- down -down - down and -- cop # 1 -- head slam into the bench -- blood spraying from he nose -- he 's out cold and -- cop # 2 -- writhe on the ground -- gasp for air -- struggle with he holster -- the man -- he foot -- down -- like a vise -- onto cop # 2's arm -- shatter the bone -- cop # 2 start to scream , and then silence because -- the man -- he 's get the pistol -- so fuck fast -- he 's get it right up against cop # 2 's forehead -- right on the edge of pull the trigger -- he be , he 's gonna shoot he -- zurich cop # 2 ( gasp , plead ) -- no -- please God no -- please do not -- please no -- my go -- stop as -- the man slam the gun against he temple and -- this fight be over . the man stand there . in the silence . two unconscious cop at he foot . blood on he pants . what just happen ? how do he do this ? and there 's the gun in he hand . and God , it just feel so natural -- check it -- stripping it down -- hold it -- aim it -- like this be something he 's do a million time before ... this be something he definitely know how to do . and then he stop cold . throw down the gun . running off into the darkness -- int . treadstone -- day a deep , inner office . a op office . Operations . unlabel and anonymous . a backwater project center hide deep within the langley facility . utilitarian . several room link like a suite . small staff . several technician . one or two for communication . a couple for research . people be at they post . and it 's all quiet . but they be busy . quietly urgent . this be a place under siege . zorn be the number two here . brilliant bloodless lapdog . he 's come through the suite . come through quickly . head toward the boss 's little office at the back -- ted conklin . ivy League Ollie North . buttone down . Square jaw . everything tuck away . but there 's tension in the air . work on the desk . cot in the corner . conklin ( look up ) what ? zorn abbott want to talk . conklin tell he we be busy . zorn I try . int . CIA commissary -- night abbott with coffee . conklin not linger . abbott Storm cloud be gather , Ted . it look like rain and I do not have a thing to wear . conklin I do not know what we be talk about . abbott we be talk about marseille . we be talk about nykwana wombosi . and I be ask you if this abortion in marseille have anything to do with treadstone . ( silence ) be this treadstone ? conklin you be ask I a direct question ? abbott yes . conklin I think you be never go to do that . silence . pressure drop . abbott they be put together a agency oversight committee . they be go to look through everyone 's budget . treadstone be a rather sizable line item in my ledger . ( beat ) what be I go to do about that ? conklin you would want to make that go away . you would want to remind they that treadstone be a training organization . that it 's all theoretical . you would want to sign off on that . abbott and what if I could not do that ? conklin then I would have to explain treadstone . and you would have to explain how you let I get this far . ( silence ) do not sound like much of a plan - B , do it ? ( abbott stare ) we will clean up the field . you clean up you budget . ext . zurich -- day Morning in the financial district . upscale . uptight . gemeinschaft bank just one of many elegant fortress on this street . everything just now open for business . two guard unlock the front door and -- the man across the street . tucked in the shadow . check for cop and trouble . look clear . he 's walk and -- int . bank reception area -- day ornate , formidable and tech at the same time . receptionist can I help you ? the man stand before she . look very out of place . the man I be here about a numbered account . the receptionist nod . pull a pen and bank card . receptionist ( instant English ) if you will just enter you account number here I will direct you to the appropriate officer . the man take the pen , as we -- int . bank security checkpoint -- day a bio -metric scanner . a piece of ultra-tech amidst the baroque . two serious bank guard man the equipment . the man stand there , stare down at this machine . something ominously decisive about this . what if it 's he ? what if it 's not ? bank guard # 1 they have be wait you hand , sir ... the man focus . here we go -- bank guard # 2 guide he open palm onto the mirrore scan surface . the man catch he reflection for a moment before a wave of white light pass beneath he hand and now -- int . bank hallway -- day the man be lead by a third guard to a special elevator . int . deeper inside the bank -- day Elevator door open . the man step out . mr. apfel -- anal Zurich banker -- wait there . apfel good morning , sir . I assume you be here about you box . the man ...yes ... ( what now ? ) the box . apfel nod . gesture down the corridor -- int . bank safety deposit viewing room -- day sterile and kind of odd . but total privacy . the man sit there , as a deposit guard place a large safety deposit BOX before he . the guard leave the room . close the door behind he . the man be alone . and there it be , right in front of he . this be it . here be the answer . he lift the lid . the BOX . there 's a shallow tray on top . in this tray : a beat - up passport in the name of Jason bourne . a french driver 's license with a parisian address . credit card for Jason bourne . the man . holding this object close -- as if by hold they he might absorb they essence . force himself to believe . this be he . his picture . there it be . he 's Jason bourne . bourne my name be Jason bourne . ( sound good ) hi , I be Jason . Jason bourne . Jason bourne , nice to meet you . back to -- the BOX -- the shallow tray on top . there 's kleenex . several set of contact lense . a knife . a comb . Three stick of gum . a ring . a pair of sunglass . a rolex . bourne set this thing aside . lift the top tray . stare into the deep bottom tray and -- first of all ... money . lot of it . ten thousand dollar stack of hundred . lot of they . Close to a million dollar . there 's a gun . a very good gun . several clip of ammo . and ... five more passport . all clean . crisp . brand new . all with he photo inside . five different name . Three different country . each one of this pristine passport clipped to a piece of card stock that say : name : nationality : place of issue : signature sample : and a bar code . two dutch passport . a french . a South African . a belgian . and ... there 's one piece of card stock still with the paper clip in place . and no passport . this card read : name : John Michael kane nationality : U.S.A . place of issue : Paris , France there 's a signature sample . and a bar code . but no passport . this one be miss . bourne sit there . try to push he confusion away . bourne bourne . my name be Jason bourne . I live at 121 , rue de la jardin , Paris . but there 's something hollow about this . he come look for one identity and now he 's face with six . the money ... the gun ... suddenly , it 's all fuck up . bourne into gear . look around the room -- there -- there 's a pile of red canvas burn bag in the corner . bourne grab one -- stuff everything into it -- everything except ... the gun . he do not want the gun . no gun . int . bank safety deposit outer area -- day bourne be do . handing the box back to the deposit guard -- bourne I be try to think how long it 's be since I be here . deposit guard I be not sure . must be three week . ext . street of zurich -- day -- various shot bourne exit the bank . the red bag full to its limit . he 's walk briskly now . look for a taxi . nothing in sight . bourne crossing the street . shit , there 's a cop on the corner -- turn -- change pace -- make it look natural -- bourne around a corner . and it 's look good for a moment -- but only a moment -- two more cop walk a beat -- walk this way -- turn -- cut -- cross the street -- bourne head down a boulevard . try to look small . pulse start to race . Fighting the paranoia . where the hell be a cab ? turn back fast as a siren start bleed in from behind he -- it 's just a ambulance . bourne turn back . force himself to focus . and fuck -- there 's a meter maid , and she 's stop write up a ticket -- she 's stare at he and -- bourne try not to panic -- do not run -- smile -- stay small -- get to the corner -- scan the option -- but -- the meter maid -- she 's watch he go and she 's pull she radio and -- bourne hit this next corner -- bang a right -- force himself not to run -- glance back and -- there's another cop -- but this one be jogging -- search -- he 's get he radio out and -- finally to -- bourne bail on the street -- disappear into -- ext . U.S. embassy compound -- day Big gate . speed barricade . several U.S. marine stand guard near a gate house . a american flag . lot of people come and go . bourne play it as normal as possible as he head for the entrance . int . U.S. consulate zurich -- visa room -- day the passport and visa office . Big room . no window . unpleasant on purpose . two line : a short one for U.S. citizen , a marathon for everyone else . consulate clerk station in open cubicle along the back wall . and it 's a zoo . american tourist who have lose they passport . foreigner look for visa . asylum seeker . everyone here have a problem . bourne on the U.S. line . stand there try to think . what 's he gonna say ? what can he say ? with the cop outside , and the incident in the park , then the bank ... marie ( o.s. ) -- no , this be not my current address . it be my current address two day ago when I start stand in line outside -- a nearby cubicle . meet marie kreutz . german . Big energy . Real beauty hide beneath the armor . and armor it be , because this be a warrior in full , crisis battlemode . marie -- and so now I lose my apartment , I have no address , and I have no visa , and you keep tell I how much help you can not give I ! a consulate clerk catch in she headlight . clerk miss kreutz , please ... I be gonna have to ask you to keep you voice down . marie all the papers -- all the papers they ask for -- I bring all the papers -- clerk miss kreutz , excuse I , but you enter into a fraudulent marriage in a effort to circumvent the immigration law of the United States -- marie you only know that because I tell you ! ( she 's incredulous ) ask the case officer -- find he name -- it 's on the papers -- I tell he all this myself ! -- ( tear through the papers now --) clerk -- it 's not the source of the information that 's important here -- marie -- I pay this fuck guy -- I pay he four thousand dollar -- my last four thousand dollar to marry I , okay ? -- I tell this to the case officer last week ... ( she 's find it --) ...here -- Mr. Thomas . I tell Mr. Thomas I do not know this guy be already marry -- I admit this ! clerk -- miss kreutz , please -- marie -- I be the one that get rip off ! -- not you -- not the United States government -- I -- I be the one be rip off ! clerk so now you be ask for a student visa ? that shut she up . yes . today she 's a student . int . CIA office complex -- night ( but same time ) motion -- conklin racing down a staircase -- zorn chase after -- conklin -- and they be sure it 's he ? -- zorn -- he access the account -- conklin -- but it be he -- zorn -- yes , sir , it 's confirm -- int . U.S. consulate -- visa room -- day bourne on line . fear meter rise by the minute . bourne's Pov scan the room -- the perimeter -- the people -- a turkish man almost in tear as he try to explain he case to a desk clerk -- two american backpacker that have lose they passport -- marie still in the midst of she madness -- a security camera high on the wall capture everything -- lot of data -- too much go on and -- man on line ( o.s. ) ( from behind he ) you be up . bourne come to . shit . it 's he turn . a woman clerk wave he forward . bourne try to think -- what the fuck be he do ? -- what 's he gonna say ? -- now he 's at the window , and if he be look for a friendly face , he come to the wrong place -- woman clerk ( cold shit ) you be a U.S. citizen ? bourne yes. ( pause ) I mean , I think so . yes. yes ... woman clerk well , either you be , or you be not . bourne right . woman clerk you have you passport ? bourne I have a passport . I have get ... ( the bag there , but ... ) actually , it 's a little complicated . woman clerk do you have you passport , sir ? bourne look , maybe I should just ... woman clerk Sir , you wait on line . bourne yeah , I know ... but he 's already bail , walk away from the woman , the window , the room -- he 's out of here -- int . U.S. consulate lobby -- day bourne on the move -- hustling back toward the lobby -- try to snag a view out to the street -- there 's a window just ahead and -- bourne's window Pov -- zurich cop -- outside -- on the street -- half - a- dozen of they linger around the entry gate and -- bourne stall for a moment -- option dwindling -- he can not go back to the passport office -- he can not go out the front and -- the lobby look tough -- there be two other point of entry into the main building , but they be both guard by marine and metal detector -- as he get closer -- it get worse -- a zurich police inspector near the door , in deep conversation with two marine and the embassy security officer and -- bourne try to burrow through the human traffic -- try to get to the larger of the two entry gate -- this one the farthest from the front door and the passport office corridor , and it 's the most crowded -- a couple people line up here -- wait for one of the three marine staffing this post to check they bag and pass they through a metal detector and -- security chief ( o.s. ) -- stop ! -- stop right there ! -- bourne turn back -- as do everyone else in the lobby -- security chief ( from across the lobby ) -- you -- red bag -- the red bag -- stop right there ! -- hand up ! -- bourne glance back -- one of the gate marine behind he -- the guy 's raise he m - 16 -- gun marine -- you hear he -- let 's move it ! -- down -- let 's go ! -- bourne nodd -- total compliance -- start to drop -- but only start , because now -- he 's swinging the backpack and -- the gun marine -- nail -- blind -side -- no chance and -- bourne -- all motion -- all forward -- all perfect -- vaulting the metal detector even as he pull one of the people on line around to shield he back and -- another gate marine -- right there -- try to grab he -- make he move -- bourne -- almost a afterthought -- he boot -- like a knife -- out of nowhere -- SNAP ! -- the guy 's arm just shattered and -- the security chief -- freaking out -- two marine with he -- they be raise they weapon and there 's people in the lobby and -- security chief -- no -- no -- hold you fire ! -- bourne -- landing hard on the gun marine -- roll away from the gate -- into the building now -- come up with the backpack and -- someone scream -- he 's get a gun ! -- he 's get a gun ! -- and he do -- bourne with the m - 16 ! -- come up with it -- come up on the move -- swinging it around as he search for a escape route and the gun -- it 's like a magic wand of hysteria -- people in the lobby -- scream -- diving away -- everyone drop for cover and -- bourne -- bail -- on the run -- sprinting down a hallway -- toss away the m - 16 as he sprint into the building -- the security chief ( frantic on he radio now --) -- red ! -- red ! -- red ! -- code red ! -- South side entrance ! -- male -- five - ten , brown hair -- black jacket -- red bag -- int . U.S. consulate office hallway -- day quiet for a second -- office on either side of a carpete hallway -- bureaucrat -types do they thing , when suddenly -- bureaucrat # 1 Excuse I ? can I help you ? ( but back up as he say it , because --) here come bourne -- come fast -- and he definitely do not belong back here -- int . U.S. consulate lobby / security gate -- day panic -- people flee the lobby -- more marine hustling in from outside and -- int . U.S. consulate FIRE stairwell -- day door fly open -- bourne bombing in -- shit ! -- it 's a dead end -- no way out but up the stair -- int . U.S. consulate ground floor corridor -- day security chief -- three marine -- sidearm draw -- jogging past the inner office -- run beside they , a frantic guy in a suit -- deputy dcm -- what be you talk about ? -- security chief -- we be evacuate the building -- deputy dcm -- we be in the middle of a trade meeting ! -- security chief -- call the code ! -- I want everyone out ! -- deputy dcm -- you gotta give I more to go on -- security chief -- he 's run from the cop , he 's get a bag fill with God know what , he 's in the building and I do not know where ! -- int . U.S. consulate back stairway -- day bourne climb fast -- two -- three -- stair at a time -- racing up as a security alarm start scream -- bleet -- bleet -- bleet -- int . U.S. consulate fifth -floor grand hallway -- day the alarm ringing everywhere -- trade conferencees -- sixty confuse and frighten people -- spilling out into the corridor -- int . U.S. consulate fifth floor kitchenette -- day a new door fly open -- it 's bourne -- ready for anything , but there 's nothing -- he 's in a butler 's prep area off the main conference room -- momentum stall for a moment -- nothing in here but tablecloth and silverware and coffee cup and -- int . U.S. consulate back stairway -- day three marine -- armed and stoke -- stare up the stair -- leapfrogge -- point-to-point assault procedure -- int . U.S. consulate MAIN stair -- day carpete and grand -- security chief with five marine now -- charge up -- push past the people try to come down and -- int . U.S. consulate fifth floor grand hallway -- day completely clogge now -- panicked trade people all over -- embassy type -- try to herd they toward the main stair -- everyone talk at once -- that alarm still blaring and -- voice ( o.s. ) -- no ! -- the other way ! -- take the backstair ! -- the backstair ! -- he 's on the other side -- there 's a bomb ! -- and as the crowd react -- as they mob back away from the main stairway -- we see -- holy shit , the guy yell be bourne -- int . U.S. consulate back stairwell -- day the assault marine -- still climb -- weapon out -- clean and fast -- one more flight to go -- ready for anything -- completely freaking out as the door above they on the fifth floor fly open and -- lead marine -- halt ! -- stop where you be ! -- marine gun swinging up -- trigger finger tense and -- it's trade people ! and now they're scream and this combine with the alarm and the marine yelling for they to get down and all of it echoing through the stairwell and -- int . U.S. consulate MAIN conference room -- day bourne -- he 's close a door behind he -- he 's jam a chair -- wedge it in tight so the door will not open and -- int . U.S. consulate fifth floor grand hallway -- day the security chief -- he marine -- come from the main stair -- weapon draw -- fight they way through the pandemonium and -- int . U.S. consulate MAIN conference room -- day bourne scan for option -- the room be huge -- empty now -- the massive conference table cover with the meeting papers leave behind -- window along one wall and -- bourne rush to the window stare down and -- bourne's window Pov fifty foot below there 's a courtyard -- it 's a sheer drop -- completely fuck and -- int . U.S. consulate fifth floor grand hallway -- day security chief -- two marine -- just outside the conference room door -- try it -- it will not budge and -- security chief -- blow it -- shoot it open ! -- int . U.S. consulate MAIN conference room -- day the door -- shatter -- eat up by gunfire ! -- tat - tat - tat -tattat-tat-tat-tat ! and -- wham ! here they come -- through the door -- gun -- eye -- adrenaline -- everything ready and -- the room be empty ! ext . U.S. consulate build wall -- day bourne -- dangle fifty - foot above the stone courtyard ! -- he 's go out the window ! -- hang there -- hang with one hand -- one hand clutching the corner of a ledge and -- int . U.S. consulate MAIN conference room -- day utter confusion -- security chief -- five -- six -- seven armed marine all pile in -- ready to rock but there 's no one to shoot -- no target -- security chief -- check the closet ! -- get that back door cover -- there 's a kitchen back there -- go ! -- go ! -- go ! two marine -- scan the window -- look down and -- marine Pov -- all clear -- no way he go down there and -- ext . U.S. consulate build wall -- day bourne still hang there -- look down -- up -- there 's no choice -- he have to go down -- bourne find a toehold below he -- reach -- touch down -- it give way -- crumble and -- bourne hesitates . do he know how to do this or not ? stall for a moment , then ... bourne start climb down . and this be all one shot . no cutaway . no cheating . we be watch a master at work ... handhold to a drain pipe . swing to a better ledge . drop to a air-conditioner . grabbing a window frame just before the air-conditioner give way . teeter there . now he 's on the fourth floor . below , there 's a open window on the third floor . struggle to keep he balance , he reach behind he to shift the weight of the bag , and as he do -- the red bag fall . thump . into the courtyard . forget the open window . now he 's get to go all the way . timing he next move and -- he 's push off -- reach -- there 's another drainpipe and he 's snag it -- he 's get a dragline now -- start to fall -- strain to hold the pipe -- slow he descent -- the drainpipe pull away from it 's housing and -- bourne let go -- just before he fall backward -- one last grab -- catch a gutter -- hold it just long enough to slow he fall and -- letting go for the last fifteen foot and -- ext . U.S. consulate fifth floor grand hallway -- day a dozen marine -- pump - up and listen to -- security -- we be gonna go room by room until we find he -- so let 's get team up -- ext . a alleyway near the U.S. consulate -- day marie storming away . pissed-off -- break -- illegal -- ruin and -- marie ( german ) motherfuck sonsofbitch ! ( a new problem --) a little red car . a beat - to-shit Euro car . a shitty little red car angle in beside a dumpster with a big red Zurich parking ticket on the windshield . marie grab the ticket -- tear it up -- tear the shit out of it -- blind with misfortune -- throw the piece on the ground and stomping on they and then -- marie ( look up --) what be you look at ? bourne stand across the car -- on the passenger side -- bourne I need a ride . marie what ? bourne I need a ride out of here . marie oh , Jesus ... ( back away and --) bourne please . I do not want to scare you . marie it 's a little late for that . bourne I have get a situation here and -- marie get the fuck away from my car . bourne I will give you ten thousand dollar to drive I to Paris . marie great . you know what ? I will give you ten gazillion dollar to get the fuck away from I before I start scream my head off . bourne you do not want the police any more than I do . bourne toss cash -- a stack of hundred -- across the car into she hand -- she catch it . look at it . marie Jesus ... bourne get I out of here . please . marie look at he . at the money . back at he , and -- int . treadstone communications desk -- night video playback -- full frame -- fast forward -- a speed blur of image from a surveillance camera outside the Zurich bank -- it 's two day worth of footage -- they be scan for bourne 's arrival and -- conklin go -- keep go -- go ... wait -- stop -- you go past it -- com tech # 1 work the console . freeze the image . punch it up . there it be -- bourne leave the bank with the red bag . conklin ( stare at the monitor ) it 's he . my God , it 's really he ... zorn the phone across the room . com tech # 2 at he console -- com tech # 2 -- we get a cross-ref ready to go here , sir , we be run hotel , airline , train , and medical variable , anything else you would like ? conklin no ... ( still stare at bourne ) go ahead . run it . ( come to --) let 's get a map , let 's get a grid map on Zurich . zorn ( hold the phone ) Sir ... conklin up from the console . zorn wait for he -- conklin what ? zorn Zurich police be look for a american with a red bag . apparently he put two cop in the hospital last night . silence . like the floor just fall away . so heavy . conklin what the fuck be he do ? zorn maybe it 's a game . maybe he 's try to send we a message . conklin it do not matter now . we have just get to be the first one there . ( decision time ) get everybody up . I want they all activate . zorn all of they ? a moment between they . conklin all steel here now . conklin you hear I . com tech # 2 ( from the console --) Sir , the cross-ref be come up cold ... conklin break away -- back to the console and -- ext . barcelona residential boulevard -- day establish shot . a grand house . piano music over this -- someone butcher a piece by haydn and -- int . barcelona grand house music room -- day meet the professor . he 's a piano teacher . late fifty . deceptively fit . he 's sit here , listen to a nine - year -old student struggle through the music . and then , he e-phone pager start pulsing -- hum -- hum -- int . hamburg conference room -- day a boring , marathon business meeting . fifteen middle manager be trap around a german sale presentation . meet manheim . bald . fifty . he look dumb and piggy . anything but . sitting here -- and then , he e-phone pager start pulsing -- hum -- hum -- ext . a roman cafe -- day meet castel . he 's thirty - five . slender . clean-cut . easy to miss . he 's here alone . reading the paper . sipping espresso . and then , he e-phone pager start pulsing -- hum -- hum -- ext . a road on the outskirt of zurich -- day the little red car park . marie pace around . bourne poring over a map spread out over the hood . marie so what 's in Paris ? bourne I want to go home . marie for twenty thousand dollar . bourne look back from the map . bourne I say ten thousand . marie you have blood on you pants . bourne okay . ( beat ) twenty thousand . ten now . ten there . marie no . no , that be too easy -- ( pace away --) bourne wait up -- ( after she now --) -- just wait up -- marie -- get the fuck out of here -- all this money , this crazy offer , I mean give I a fuck break with this , this be -- ( stop because - - ) bourne just grab she . both of they shocked that he 's do this . he immediately pull back . bourne look , I want a ride to Paris . ( wide open now ) that 's all I want . I swear . marie you swear ? ( cold here ) that 's great . I feel so much better now . bourne I do not want anything but a ride . all I want to do be go home . silence now . she look back . measure he . marie you could buy a car for twenty grand . you could buy this car . bourne I do not want to go alone . I want you to drive I to Paris . like we be a couple . like we be a couple and we be travel together . that 's all we be do . marie and I do not get hurt . I get twenty thousand dollar and I do not get hurt . bourne I will not hurt you . marie what if I say no ? bourne then I will find another ride . ext . rome STREET -- day castel through the street on a motorcycle . whipping to a stop -- step off the bike in front of -- u-store -it storage warehouse . int . storage warehouse elevator -- day castel and the elevator operator -- rise slowly through the dark warehouse and -- int . castel storage unit -- day darkness -- a key turn -- door open -- light go on to reveal castel stand there and we be in -- castel storage unit . what 's in here ? like nothing . like a stack of old newspaper in the corner . some mildew book pile along one wall . some shitty plastic chair . quick time cut castel work fast . close the door . move to the pile of book . take the top book off . open it . inside the BOX -- a timer . a small bomb . a booby-trap . a LED light stop flash as castel hand code in he password and -- castel move to the newspaper stack in the corner . pull away the top pile and -- a metal lock BOX . Hidden here . castle pull it out . open it . a empty tray on top and -- castel take off he watch . take off he ring . take out he wallet . his Spanish passport . empty he pocket . all of this go into the empty tray and -- castel lift away this top tray -- set it aside and -- the metal lock BOX -- there 's more -- a much larger bottom compartment -- and it 's deja - vu all over again -- we be look at the identical content we see bourne find in the Zurich safe - deposit box . first of all ... money . lot of it . ten thousand dollar stack of hundred . lot of they . a gun . a very good gun . a dozen clip of ammo . and five more passport . all clean . brand new . all with he photo . five different name . four different country . each one of this pristine clipped to a piece of card stock that say : name : nationality : place of issue : signature sample : a bar code : two italian . two Spanish . a portuguese . castel go for the portuguese passport and -- ext . alp helicopter shot -- day the little red car drive through the alp . int . the red car -- dusk bourne stare out the window . marie drive . Long silence until -- marie just so you know , if you be gonna burn I on the money , you might as well kill I . ( bourne look over ) I be suppose to have this car back three day ago . it 's not my car . bourne I know that . marie stare at he -- glance back to the road -- just in time -- almost rear-end a slow move truck -- marie shit -- ( try to settle ) can I tell you how much you be freaking I out ? okay ? because you be -- you be completely freaking I out . bourne I be sorry . really . what do you want I to do ? marie I do not know . smile . sneeze . something . you have get a bag full of money and a ride to Paris . fuck it , I do not know ... ( the radio ) what kind of music do you like ? bourne I do not know . marie what do that mean ? bourne listen to what you want . marie ( out of nowhere ) who pay twenty thousand dollar for a ride to Paris ? there it be . and she want a answer -- bourne I do not know . I do not know who I be . marie yeah , well , welcome to the club . bourne no . no , I mean , I really do not know who I be . I can not remember anything earlier than two week ago . ( it 's not fly ) I be serious . marie what ? like amnesia ? bourne look , go ahead ... put the radio on ... marie amnesia ? ( total incredulity ) you be say you do not remember anything that happen before two week ago ? bourne that 's what I be say . marie ( german ) give I a fuck break . bourne stare at she . she 's furious . she 's downshift -- she 's accelerate -- pull out to pass the truck on a blind turn , as we -- ext . zurich bank -- day / dusk apfel emerge from the bank . leave work . turn the corner into a quiet side street and -- up ahead , here come another guy in a suit . it 's manheim walk toward we , deep into a cell phone conversation . barely notice apfel as they get closer and -- as they pass -- manheim -- it 's completely out of the blue -- he 's jabbing the cellphone down into apfel 's shoulder and -- apfel -- no clue -- already clutching at the coronary explode in he chest -- dead before he body hit the street and -- manheim -- still walk -- he 's never break stride -- and as he go he 's fiddling with the cellphone and -- insert -- the cellphone -- manheim hand work to retract a syringe into the device and -- manheim stride away . disappear into Zurich ... int . paris morgue -- night not the best morgue in town . cold tile . a wall of freezer . death lighting . now add some color . meet nykwana wombosi in the flesh . meet he entourage -- eight or ten of he thirty child -- two of he wife -- three of he bodyguard -- the whole crew spread out in this horrible basement room . the wive be chat . the kide be play , fight and eat candy . the bodyguard -- three of they here -- be white . this guy be french / corsican merc . not quite the a - team . the guy in charge of this ugly little unit be name deauvage . into it . too into it . two morgue attendant hang back . the morgue boss -- who 's clearly suffer this for a bribe -- move to one of the freezer locker ... morgue boss ( french ) okay , monsieur kane ... number 121 ... and he pull open freezer # 121 . and thank God we can not see it , because whatever 's inside there be clearly horrible . the morgue boss barely take a glance , stand back as quickly as possible . deauvage -- lead bodyguard -- move to clear a zone for he boss -- wombosi get the fuck out of my way -- ( push deauvage aside --) wombosi move to the freezer box . stare down . as if it be nothing . he 's see -- he 's make -- much , much worse . and now he reach down into the box -- hand on -- literally feel around this dead , awful corpse with he bare hand -- feel around for something -- feel and feel and not find -- wombosi ( turn to deauvage --) it 's not he . deauvage look pale as wombosi slam shut the freezer . wombosi ( quiet hard fury ) so who 's crazy now ? ext . paris STREET -- night a mini -motorcade drive towards neuilly . two security car . a van full of kid and mother . and one big mercede stretch . int . the mercede stretch limo -- night wombosi alone in the back . look haunt . int . truckstop cafe -- night it 's a weird spot . open all night . but euro-style . quiet tonight . a few alpen-trucker chow down . a local or two at the bar and -- bourne and marie at a back table . drink coffee . he 's get the red bag open . all the passport -- the personal junk -- the money -- all the shit from the Zurich bank box -- he 's be show it to she -- and he 's get she attention now . marie and you have no idea -- not a clue -- what come before that ? bourne no . marie when you think of it , before the ship -- before you wake up on the ship , what do you see ? bourne nothing . it 's just not there . marie well , this be great . ( she sit back ) I be sick of myself and you have no idea who you be . bourne I keep try thing , I think if I could find all the thing I could do , I could -- marie -- you could put it together -- bourne -- which be okay for a while , I be okay with it ... ( hesitate now ) but then -- there 's all this other thing -- all this other thing I know how to do -- and this -- this stuff from the bank and ... ( suddenly flat out --) I think something bad happen . marie what be you talk about ? bourne I do not know . marie sound like you be in a accident or something . bourne I be shot twice in the back . marie okay , so you be a victim . bourne there be a gun . who have a safe deposit box with a gun and all this money and all this passport ? marie lot of people have gun . you be american . Americans love gun . bourne I fight my way out of a embassy . I climb down a fifty - foot wall -- I go out the window and I be do it -- I just do it . I know how to do it . marie people do amazing thing when they be scared . bourne why do I ? -- I come in here -- instinctively -- first thing I do -- I be look for the exit -- I be catch the sightline -- I know I can not sit with my back to the door -- marie you be paranoid . you be shot . it 's natural . she 's not listen . he lean in . flat out now . bourne I can tell you the license plate number of all three car out front . I can tell you that the waitress be left-handed and the guy at the counter weigh two-hundred and fifteen pound and know how to handle himself . I know that the best , first place to look for a gun be the cab of that grey truck outside . I know that at this altitude I can run flat out for half a mile before I lose my edge . I know that you be my first , best option out of Zurich ? how do I know all that ? how can I know all that and not know who I be ? how be that possible ? Long dead pause . marie God , you be not kid , be you ? int . treadstone research desk -- day bourne's face -- a video image freeze on a computer screen -- it 's bourne look at the camera -- bourne look up at the camera in the consulate passport office and -- pull back to reveal half a dozen computer monitor -- and lot of shot of bourne -- twenty angle -- twenty different location -- twenty candid perspective of bourne and he mad scramble through the consulate -- conklin and research tech # 1 poring over this surveillance tape download from Zurich -- conklin and that 's the best angle of the courtyard ? research tech # 1 that 's the only angle . conklin what do they have on the street ? the area . they must have something . research tech # 1 hang on ... ( type away --) conklin rub at the tension in he temple as zorn enter -- conklin what ? zorn abbott . he know about the embassy . he 's come down for a show and tell . conklin that will solve all we problem . research tech # 1 ( he 's hit paydirt ) Sir ... conklin ( turn back --) what 's that ? research tech # 1 it 's a angle of the street -- some sort of alleyway -- you can just ... conklin enhance it . insert -- the monitor -- as the image enlarge to fill the screen . and there 's bourne . and the little red car . and Marie . conklin ( o.s. ) who the hell be that ? ext . zurich airport HOTEL -- night a drine barn . practically on the runway . int . zurich airport HOTEL room -- night one of that room . just a plain functional box . manheim lay on the bed . fully dress . suit and tie . just lay there , stare at the ceiling . who know how long he 's be like this . just wait . on the nightstand -- a gun . a knife . his e-phone pager . his fresh credential . and a photo of Jason bourne . int . wombosi be paris compound -- night Quick orientation : picture a heavily - wall palace just off the bois du boulogne . but once inside you could be back in brazzaville . it 's just a buffet of oddness . Home to fifty child and nine wife . the decor blend money and nouveau riche materialism with a hard , back -home tribal esthetic . it 's a visual treat . not condescending or stupid , but flat - out strange and menace . it 's late . and the palace be dark and sleepy now , but carry all that through this next series of quick shot -- wombosi house security station just inside the door . bodyguard # 1 slouched before a bank of security monitor . wombosi MAIN hallway litter with toy . Children 's crap everywhere . bodyguard # 3 . snooze on a Louis quatorze chair drape with African cloth . wombosi throne room door deauvage -- head bodyguard -- post outside this impose set of door . he 's try to stay awake . reading a spy thriller . finally to wombosi be throne room and there he be -- the emperor himself -- wombosi on he throne . except the room be dark and empty . and he 's sit there by himself . a king without a country . sitting there . with a gun in he lap . drink hard from a bottle of Jack Daniels . stew . ext . french roadside -- dawn beautiful morning . the red car park along the road . bourne alone in the passenger seat . deep asleep . nestled there . and then , he wake suddenly . start . freak for a moment . instantly feel for the red bag . there it be in he lap . he look around and -- marie sit away from the car . she 's get a loaf of bread . a soda . smoke a butt . same clothes , but she make - up 's be wash away . clean . simple . gorgeous . bourne step out . Morning leg . marie I need a break . bourne where be we ? marie we be about a hour away . bourne I can not believe I sleep . marie you be tired . here ... ( bread and soda --) for twenty - thousand I like to throw in breakfast . ( he take it ) so what do you dream about ? bourne I dream I be asleep . I dream that I be asleep and I can not wake up . ( he take a hit from she smoke and cough --) I do not think I smoke . another silence . she 's watch he . marie you ever think maybe you have a family ? bourne I think about it . I do not know . she look away . be she hope for another answer ? marie I guess it 's like Christmas every day for you , huh ? int . treadstone conklin' office -- day marie' face -- a passport photo -- she 's eighteen -- she 's smile -- really alive and fresh and -- conklin behind he desk . abbott stare grimly at the picture -- abbott who be she ? zorn Marie helene kreutz . she 's twenty - six . bear outside munich . Father be a welder . he die in ' 91 . we do not have the mother . there might be a step -sister , we be try to track that down . ( apologetic ) it 's tough . she 's a wanderer . she pop up on the grid here and there but ... I mean , the last time she pay a electric bill in Europe be ' 94 . no tax . no steady employer . she 's get three arrest . two shoplift case , one in Spain , one in Germany . and she actually do three month in a italian detention center for credit card fraud . abbott no political affiliation ? conklin she 's a gypsy . if it 's a cover , it 's a great one . abbott I be assume we be explore that possibility . conklin we be explore every possibility . ( tighter by the moment ) we be in pursuit . how much more do you want I to tell you ? abbott Pursuit would indicate that you know exactly where he be . conklin no. Pursuit end when we know exactly where he be . abbott yes , well , I think we need some fresh eye on this problem . I be bring in some people from upstairs . conklin hesitates . Inside he 's scream . conklin we have be down here for two week bang we head against the wall . we have be sleep down here . we just get we first lead fourteen hour ago , and now ? -- now that we finally have something to work with -- you want to bring plan personnel down here ? ( real steam ) I would rethink that . abbott I want a second opinion . conklin this be a operation desk . abbott I be not ask . ext . paris STREET near bourne's apartment -- day the little red car cruise through town . int . the little red car -- day marie drive . bourne check building number as they pass -- bourne slow down . no , do not stop . just ... marie ( look over ) that 's it ? be that it ? a apartment build . Big building . elegant but cold . bourne four-fifty . that 's the address ... marie look familiar ? bourne no. ( stare back as they pass --) no. go around . keep go ... marie pull up -- turn a corner -- watch he as she do . but he 's pre-occupy -- eye scan -- take it all in -- marie where ? bourne yeah . pull in here . Park it . marie angle into a alleyway . cut the engine . marie so this be it , right ? bourne I guess . Dead pause . she 's wait . he 's still scan the street . marie I should go . bourne I do not remember any of this . marie Jason ... he turn back . she 's stare at he . bourne sorry . the money , right ? before she can say anything , he 's digging in the backpack . he pull out another stack of hundred . hand it over . she take it . it 's not what she want , but she 's use to be disappointed . Fighting it . marie okay , so ... bourne thanks for the ride . marie anytime . silence . that moment . he focus . get it . bourne look , I do not know what 's up there . marie you get I pretty fuck curious . bourne look , you could come up . or you could wait if you want . I could go check it out . you could wait . marie Nah ... ( hide the pain ) with you , I mean , you would probably just forget about I , right ? bourne how could I forget about you ? ( he smile ) you be the only person I know . marie smile . we have never see it before . Worth wait for . int . paris apartment build foyer -- night bourne and marie stand at the directory . five apartment . one per floor . five name . a buzzer . a intercom . there it be . J. bourne . bourne press the buzzer . after a moment , he press again . nothing . marie I guess you be not home . bourne check the door . how to pop it open ? just about to get into it , when -- concierge ( o.s. ) ( from the shadow inside --) monsieur bourne ... I be come ... the concierge be sixty . plump and proper . concierge ( open the door --) Mr. bourne , there you be -- I be wonder -- I have not see you -- bourne here I be . the concierge look at bourne like maybe she 's never see he look like this before . and she 's look at marie like here 's the reason she tenant look like such shit . bourne ( he try a smile ) I seem to have lose my key . the concierge nod . instant chilly disapproval . concierge I have be ringing you bell . it 's good you be away . we have some trouble with the hot water . it 's be repair . bourne great . we could use a shower . ( they look like shit --) it be a long drive . the concierge step aside and -- int . paris apartment fifth floor landing -- day bourne and marie at the apartment threshold . he have a key now . turn it . and the door open ... nothing ... no bomb . no wife and kid . no one . int . paris apartment -- day a huge , rambling flat . large entry hallway . large room beyond that . it 's obviously expensive . but cold . completely impersonal . no photograph . no memento . no human history . we're moving now the live room bourne and marie explore . marie it 's big . bourne silent . struggle to get a feel for the place . marie this be like a real apartment . ( she like it ) this be really yours ? bourne I guess so . marie take it in fast . bourne seem paralyze . try to soak it all in . willing himself home . touch thing as he pass . as if a texture , a smell -- something will become familiar . he 's deep into this as we go to -- the bedroom marie in the doorway . check it out . it 's so clean and simple . but it 's not the decor she 's most interested in ... marie open a armoire ... nothing but man 's clothes . no competition . she 's feel better by the moment as we go to -- the kitchen like a stage set . lot of prop and no sign of food . bourne pick up a fry pan . bourne this be my fry pan . ( and then --) this be my spoon . ( try harder ) I be Jason bourne and this be my kitchen . the master bathroom marie still on the prowl . Mirror city . Big tub . one toothbrush . a office study there 's a desk . chair . phone. Basic . bourne with a folder in he hand . stare at the bookshelve . binder , reference material and hardbound volume -- all of it about maritime law . ship schedule . registry catalog . all about boat . marie this be you office ? ( from the doorway ) God , you live like a monk ... bourne all this stuff -- it 's all about boat . ( look up ) I think I be in the shipping business . marie see . it 's start to come back , yeah ? ( he sort of nod ) you mind if I take a bath ? bourne go ahead . marie back out . bourne alone again . stand there for a moment . deal with it . and then he sit down in a chair . bourne sit there . stare . the room , the desk -- it 's all so devoid of personality . and then , something catch he eye and -- insert -- the desk top -- a faint silhouette through the dust and grime . outline of where a computer use to sit . bourne reach suddenly under the desk . bingo . pull out a retractable computer keyboard tray . but it 's empty . no keyboard . now he 's really confuse and -- insert -- a phone / answering machine -- bourne press the playback button and -- phone machine " you have no message . " bourne leave that for a moment -- about to anyway -- and then he turn back -- new idea -- press for the speaker phone -- and then hit redial and -- the phone star dial ... ringing and ... operator / phone bonjour , Hotel marboeuf ... bourne quick grab the receiver . take it off speakerphone and -- bourne ...yes -- oui -- uh ... operator / phone yes , sir . Hotel marboeuf , Paris . how can I direct you call ? bourne Paris ? operator / phone yes , sir ... ( switch to English , think that 's he problem --) how can I help you ? bourne yes , I be ... I be look for Mr. Jason bourne . operator / phone one moment , please ... ( a long pause , and then --) I be afraid , I have no one by that name register , sir . bourne d'accord ... merci. ( about to hang up --) un moment -- un moment -- operator / phone -- sir ? -- bourne -- hang on -- I need you to check another name for I -- hang on -- un moment , s'il vous plait -- bourne grab the backpack -- tear through it -- where be it ? -- where be it ? -- shit and money fall out and -- there it be -- from the safe - deposit box -- that piece of card stock -- the one with no passport attach to it -- bourne ( read it ) kane . do you have Mr. John Michael kane ? operator / phone one moment , sir . bourne wait . and then there 's muzak -- hold music and -- the master bathroom Water run in the tub . marie pull off she boot . check the temperature . the office study bourne still on hold . and then -- manager / phone ( a new voice suddenly ) bonjour ? monsieur ? allo ... bourne yes , I be here ... manager / phone you call about monsieur kane ? John Michael kane ? bourne yes . be he there ? manager / phone you be a friend of he ? bourne yes . manager / phone I have some very bad news for you , sir . I be terrible sorry to have to tell you this , but monsieur kane have pass away almost two week ago ... silence . bourne be rock . but the manager , it 's natural , he interpret the silence as grief ... manager / phone there be a accident . on the motorway . apparently , he be kill instantly . really , I be terrible sorry to be the one to tell you this ... bourne ... I understand ... manager / phone ... we actually , we be unaware for several day that this have happen . when they come for he thing , it be make know for we , you see ? bourne who ? who come ? manager / phone his brother . you know he brother ? bourne right . yes . of course . manager / phone it 's very bad this . terrible sad . such a young man . bourne do you -- he brother -- do you have a phone number ? manager / phone I think not ... ( quick french to someone in the office there --) no , I be sorry . it be very sudden . he be here very briefly . bourne just hand up the phone . just like that . not even goodbye . stand there freeze . stun . John Michael kane be dead . and he have the passport . suddenly , everything 's change . they should not be here . this be bad . danger . the master bathroom marie play with she hair in the mirror . check the water -- marie ( call out to he --) she be not kid about the water . it 's freezing . the office bourne freeze there . on alert . he force a smile . decoy mood . bourne hang on . I will check the kitchen ... ( move out of the office --) maybe it take a while to get all the way upstairs . the kitchen bourne move to the sink . he 's smile . upbeat . but it 's a act . his eye be everywhere . turn on the water . but ignore it . what he 's really do be search out a weapon . pull a knife very quietly from behind the stove . holding it . feel pretty comfortable . hiding it down by he side . on the move again , now -- bourne yeah , it 's cold in here , too ... ( call to she as he go --) let 's give it another minute . bourne like we have ever see he . like a animal . every sound -- every breeze -- everything carry information . stand still . take it all in . Real quick layout -- there 's big window along one wall that face out to the street below . the hallway to the bedroom and bath feed into the live room from one side . there be a large frost airshaft window along that hallway wall . simple furniture . marie ( suddenly --) -- omigod ! -- ( she 's behind he --) -- what be you ? -- no -- no -- marie back away -- completely freak -- bourne stand there with the knife in he hand and -- bourne -- no -- Marie -- no ! -- it 's not like that -- marie -- please -- Jason -- omigod -- bourne -- quiet -- quiet -- marie -- frighten -- confuse -- paralyze for a moment -- bourne glance back -- a curtain flutter behind he -- motion for marie to get down -- do it -- now -- down ! marie hesitate and -- bourne -- what 's he do ? -- he 's unscrew a lightbulb from a lamp beside he and -- marie about to say something -- he shake she off -- bourne -- knife in one hand -- lightbulb in the other -- put he foot on a chair in front of he and -- marie ... what be you do ?... bourne wave she to shut up -- crawl -- now -- back up -- get under the window -- go ! -- marie -- he seem so sure -- it 's weird , but she 's do it -- she 's under that frost window -- down below the sill -- look back -- what the fuck be he do now ? -- bourne -- the lightbulb -- he 's toss it across the room -- over she head -- into that frost window and -- as she duck down -- as it shatter -- everything start happening at once phft !- phft !-phft !-phft !-phft !-phft ! -- silence automatic weapon fire -- rake into the apartment and -- the frosted window pepper with hole and -- marie on the floor as the window shatter above she and -- castel -- he 's in the airshaft ! -- hang from a abseil rope -- but off guard -- firing blind -- strafing the apartment and -- bourne kick that chair across the room and -- castel reacting -- instinct -- move target -- the chair just strafe to shit and -- bourne roll away and -- castel -- he 's come in -- last piece of window frame crashing away as he swing into the apartment and -- marie -- right below he -- shit raining down as he fly in and -- bourne throw the knife and -- castel -- turn -- too late -- the knife catch he in the neck and -- bourne -- in motion -- attack and -- castel -- knife impale in he neck -- claw for it with one hand -- try to get off a shot and -- apartment wall -- phft !- phft !-phft !-phft !-phft ! -- gunfire tear wildly around the room and -- bourne -- full - stop -- kick the gun -- kick it up -- round tearing across the ceiling and -- marie -- scream now -- try to crawl away and -- castel -- no chance -- off balance -- bourne -- he open palm drive up into castel be jaw -- the body want to fall backward , but bourne have the guy 's arm in he free hand -- jerk it like rope -- tear it from it 's socket and -- the gun clatter free across the floor and -- bourne -- he knee -- like a piston -- hard into castel gut -- and then down -- he foot -- down into castel be knee , shatter it and -- castel be on the floor -- stunne -- wipe -- knife pour blood from he neck -- arm hang like a rag doll -- bone tear through he pant leg above the knee and -- marie omigod -- omigod -- what be you do ? -- what be you do ? -- ( incoherent fear and confusion , german and English and --) -- what be he ? -- what have you ? -- omigod -- what be this ? -- bourne ignore she -- grab the guy 's backpack -- marie -- what be you do ? -- Jason , please , tell I what 's happen ! bourne open it -- ( toss castel 's backpack behind he --) -- do it -- what 's he get in there ? castel -- eye wild -- try to make he foot -- bourne who be you ? ( kick he down - - ) -- who be you ? castel -- crablike against a wall -- bloody hand leave a mess as he struggle to get to he foot -- bourne -- who be you ? -- tell I who you be -- who send you ? -- ( bear down ) -- what be this about ? -- you 've got to tell I what this be about ! -- castel -- stare back -- eye wild -- mouth shut -- he expression -- be it terror or pure steel ? -- bourne why be you try to kill I ? marie ( suddenly from behind ) ...omigod , no ... marie -- the guy 's backpack -- something in she hand -- and as freak out as she be a moment ago -- this be worse -- bourne what ? -- what ? -- ( attention split --) -- what be it ? marie ... this be my picture ... he 's get my picture -- ( hold it up , in horror --) -- this be I -- this be Zurich -- this ... this ... this be yesterday -- bourne -- just -- marie -- where do this come from ? -- ( to castel ) how do you have my picture ? bourne Marie , just -- ( wave she back --) -- just stay there ! -- just -- marie -- he 's get my picture ! -- this be yesterday ! -- this be I ! -- ( out of control now --) -- where do you get my picture ? -- bourne -- let I do this , okay ? -- marie -- do what ? -- what be you do ? -- he 's get my picture -- ( just apoplectic --) -- he 's -- my God -- look at he -- he 's bleed to death -- my picture -- look ! -- he be try to kill we ! -- omigod -- now there 's knocking at the door and -- the concierge ( muffle but urgent ) mister bourne ! mister bourne ! what 's go on ? be everything all right in there ? ( -- and she keep bang and --) marie be past the point of rationality and castel be bleed and shaking and bourne be try to think and it 's just impossible and -- suddenly -- castel be move ! -- and fast -- it 's superhuman -- unbelievable -- just enough spring in he good leg and -- bourne brace himself but -- castel be not attack ! -- he 's run away -- he 's crossing the live room -- but there 's nowhere to go -- absolutely nowhere -- except -- the window castel hurl himself into the glass and -- ext . the paris apartment build -- day window shatter ! -- castel -- in a cloud of break glass -- sixty foot above the street -- falling and fall and ... impact ! -- landing on the roof of a park car and -- int . the paris apartment -- day the apartment -- bourne in motion -- five thing at once -- check the window -- kick the gun away -- grab the red bag -- grab what he can -- no time to spare and -- the concierge ( still outside the door - - ) -- I be call the police , Mr. bourne -- you give I no choice -- I be call they right away ! -- bourne -- you shoe -- Marie ! -- where ? -- where be you shoe ? -- Marie -- marie stand there in utter shock -- paralyze -- the picture in she hand -- the break glass -- all of what just happen -- marie he 's dead be not he ? bourne Marie -- look at I -- there 's no time for this -- marie he go out the window -- why ? -- why would someone do that ? bourne -- we can not stay here -- I can not stay here -- it 's not safe here -- marie he come to kill we . bourne -- we can go -- I can get we out of here -- but we have to go now -- marie you know he be come . bourne no . marie I trust you . bourne you be wrong . I do not know . marie I do not trust anybody and I trust you ! bourne I do not know this would happen . marie he have my picture ! he know I be here ! he come here to kill we ! bourne and where be he now ? ( that get she quiet ) you believe what you want , but I be tell you the truth -- I never would have bring you here if I think it be dangerous . marie ( totally overwhelm ) oh , Jesus ... bourne you stay -- if you want , you stay -- it 's okay -- it 's better -- maybe it 's better -- I do not know -- ( start to back away --) but I can not stay here . I can not . marie but the police -- bourne -- there 's no time -- marie -- we will explain it -- bourne -- how ? -- marie -- there 's two of we -- we will tell they -- we will just -- bourne -- forget it -- marie -- we will tell they what happen -- bourne I do not know what happen ! ( huge here ) I do not know who he be ! I do not know what he want ! I do not even know who I be ! the only thing I know be that if I stay here , I be never gonna find out ! bourne -- that 's it -- grab the backpack -- pull it on -- just about to make he move -- she 's stand there . just utterly swamp . lose . bourne come with I . ( she turn back , he 's wait --) I can get we out of here . I know it . then we can think . then we can work it out . we will explain it then . once we be safe . ( rock solid ) I can protect you . ext . the paris apartment build -- day a crowd be gather around castel body . rubbernecker and people point up to the break window -- the concierge run out to the street and get the news and the SOUND of siren bleed in from the distance and -- the camera pull back to find the little red car pull out of the alley . turn away from the scene . disappear into the street of Paris -- int . wombosi compound MAIN hallway -- day throne room door fly open -- wombosi explode out into the hallway -- wombosi -- no ! -- I say , no ! -- they go this far -- out a body in the grave -- another body ! -- no ! -- this be not over -- this people be not finish -- nothing will make they finish until they have wombosi ! -- the real wombosi -- until I be the one in the box ! -- six kide -- two wive -- three bodyguard -- all startle by this steamrolling mass of energy and paranoia -- wombosi -- what be you do ? -- ( bear down on bodyguard # 2 -- ) -- sleep ? -- ( to deauvage --) -- he 's sleep ! -- this man be sleep at he post ! -- ( kick the chair out from under he --) -- I have have man kill for this ! -- ( but he 's still move --) -- you think this people ? -- this people who come for I -- you think they sleep ? -- they never sleep ! -- they spend all the day -- all the night -- all time think about how to put wombosi in that box ! -- ( he 's just gonna keep go , and we be into - - ) a massive one - take tracking shot deauvage on he foot -- racing to follow -- kide scatter out of the way -- the wive completely unfaze and -- wombosi -- there be no box for wombosi ! -- they do not have a box that can hold I ! -- I know this people -- I know they never sleep ! -- I know they never stop ! -- they never stop until the knife be at they throat ! -- ( suddenly distract --) -- what be the window ? -- this window be open ! -- who leave this open ! -- ( before deauvage can possibly respond --) -- this be a war , you fool ! -- you think this people be like you ? -- you think this be stupid people ? -- careless people ? -- this people see a open window , they reach in with a big hand and grab you heart until you die ! -- ( still roll as - - ) we're heading down to the pool wombosi -- and it will not just be I ! -- they do not just want wombosi now ! -- they want my baby -- they want my child ! -- and I say no ! -- ( grab deauvage --) -- you leave that window open again , you better pray they kill I -- ( something 's catch he ear in the distance and now he 's try to get there --) -- everything change here now ! -- everyone be a soldier here now ! -- this be a fortress now ! be we clear with this ? deauvage yes , sir . all clear . wombosi stop to look at deauvage . in the background , we can hear a child crying by the pool -- wombosi this man be out there . kane be out there . and they pretend he 's dead . that mean he 's come back . wombosi move quickly now and we're still tracking -- take he into -- the pool area forty kide go nut in the water . one kid cry . wombosi like a shot -- pick the kid up -- drying he tear -- make a funny face -- get a smile as -- int . gare du nord -- day bourne and marie stash the red bag in a locker . int . CIA psychoacoustics lab -- day a electronics console . super-tech . meter -- led -- wave - form analyzer -- audio spectrum filter -- all of this gear dance and respond to every nuance of -- bourne's voice -- over speaker -- we be listen to a recording of the call he make from the apartment to the Hotel marbeouf Paris -- bourne / tape " okay . merci . " ( pause ) " un moment -- un moment -- " operator / tape " -- sir ? -- " bourne / tape " -- hang on -- I need you to check another name for I -- hang on -- un moment , s'il vous plait -- " pull back to reveal a secret studio bury deep in the langley facility . equipment up the ass . five people in this darken room : a engineer work the board . conklin look sour . zorn in the shadow . abbott sit there wait for analysis from -- mrs. doyle . she 's late sixty . a long-time spy shrink . a eminence . a diamond -hard , see - it - all intelligence . bourne / tape " kane . John Michael kane . " operator / tape " one moment , sir . " mrs . doyle nod to the engineer . she 's hear enough . mrs . doyle he 's not lie . he 's very highly stress , but he 's not lie . he 's confuse . he 's aggressively search for a way out of the chaos . this conversation , the video from the consulate -- the body language , vocal pattern -- it 's my sense he 's really lose here . ( beat ) I think he snap . conklin be that a medical term ? she turn . Battle line draw . mrs . doyle you want clinical terminology ? it 's call , " conversation hysteria . " ( to abbott now --) I do not know exactly how you train this people . I be not sure I want to know . I will take a guess there 's some extremely rigorous behavior modification go on here . silence . the idea dangle for a moment . abbott let 's assume that 's true . mrs . doyle you can only wind people so tight . even machine break down . conklin this unit have a unblemish record of success . mrs . doyle then I guess I be in the wrong meeting . ext . bellville car park -- dusk bourne and marie stashing the red car . int . CIA hallway upstair hallway -- day abbott and conklin walk and talk . they want to get loud , but they can not . too many people pass by -- conklin that be two hour -- two hour to get a second opinion -- and nothing change . he 's loose . he 's out of control . it 's very clear what need to happen . ( point blank ) I have work to do . abbott what if he be work for someone else ? what if he turn ? conklin turn ? to who ? where do he turn ? what do he have to offer ? he 's get nothing . he 's a killer . he 's a piece of equipment for crissake . where 's he gonna turn ? ext . HOTEL do LA prix -- night funky . out of the way . Cash and carry . no-question - ask kind of flop . we establish shot somehow include the proprietor and he dog . int . the HOTEL room bathroom -- night hair dye wash down a rusted drain . it 's marie alone in this crappy little bathroom . jeans and bra . all of it soaking wet . a new hair color . a mirror . there she be . her turn to stare at herself and wonder . and then she smell something . smoke ... int . the HOTEL room -- night it 's a shitty little room . bourne sit on the bed . and the smoke be come from ... he passport -- the Jason bourne passport -- on fire . bourne hold it as it burn away . bourne 's face -- melting -- bubbling -- finally disappear , -- bourne let go just before it burn he finger and -- bourne sit back . and there 's marie stand there . and she 's hold out she passport -- he look at she . Big moment . bourne no. ( he will not do it ) you know who you be . you know what that 's worth ? that 's everything . ( pause ) I can not live like this . I can not do anything until I know who I be . believe I , you do not want what I have . he look away . silence . and then , she touch he . his shoulder . bourne almost recoil . almost . he do not know what to do . do not know how to react . marie in front of he now -- she 's take he hand -- and he hesitates -- look at she -- be this happen ? -- she 's take he hand -- move it down she body -- stare at he -- both of they silent -- he hand -- she skin -- he mind racing -- he want this -- want it in every way -- but it 's overwhelming -- when be the last time something like this happen ? -- he can not remember -- he do not care -- he 's pull she toward he -- and they be kissing -- and you know the rest ... int . CDG airport -- night the professor arrive in Paris . come through the terminal as he pager go off -- never even stop as he read and -- ................................................... HOTEL sequence -- sketched only HOTEL marboeuf paris . this be the place that answer the phone when bourne hit redial in he apartment . this be the place that John Michael kane be stay when he " die . " and so begin , the investigation ... now , since the presence of danger -- ie wombosi 's guy and / or treadstone -- be still up in the air , and since this scene could either play very quickly or very long , and since we be not exactly sure where we stand with page count -- this scene be not finish . the rule of the scene , however , seem to be thus : bourne would have to be very nervous about be recognize . if he be kane and kane stay here , he 's not the guy to do whatever " social engineering " need do . Long version ? bourne set the table and Marie get the goods . somehow there 's a threat from treadstone or wombosi . fast version ? it 's all result -- we see they execute a plan rather than work it up . marie be already in the hotel . in a hotel uniform ? pose as a guest ? in any case , she look very much different than we have ever see she before . she get close to the office . hide . wait . bourne call the desk from a pay phone . ask for something . we see that some sort of improvise booby - trap have be set inside the hotel to start a fire . in the confusion -- marie -- very bravely -- get into the office . we do a quick cut outside to bourne wait and -- ................................................... ext . STREET outside the HOTEL marboeuf -- day walk and talk . bourne and marie leave the hotel fast . he 's on alert -- always on alert now -- make sure they be not be watch . and she 's excited and pump -- she do it ! -- she 's get the hotel record in hand -- marie you stay there five time in the past six month . but I do not have time -- I could only get the bill from the last stay -- you be there for two day . some room service -- there 's half a dozen phone call here so that 's someth -- bourne ( cut she off ) who pay the bill ? marie it 's a company ... mpg Capital . int . a empty office suite -- day vacancy wasteland . Dead phone line hang . carpet pull up . completely stripped out . bourne and marie stand there stare . marie this can not be it . she turn around -- and what 's he do ? -- bourne with a piece of paper and pencil -- or something / anything resourceful and handy -- maybe it 's carpet lint -- maybe it 's break the glass on the door and hold it up to the light -- or a rub -- anyway , he 's do something ingenious with the glass door -- and as he 's do this , we be hearing -- telephone voice ( over ) ( british , female ) destin navigational , can I help you ? bourne's voice ( over ) hey , how be you . I be try to reach Richard ? be he there . we be watch the mpg logo emerge and see bourne and marie react , as we hear -- telephone voice I be afraid there 's no Richard here . ( continue into --) int . / ext . shitbag parisian phone booth -- night bourne on the pay phone . marie behind he at the bar . he 's get a pad and paper . this be all business . bourne well , where be you ? where be I call ? telephone voice this be a answer service , sir . the company 's locate in southampton , but -- bourne -- this be a tire dealership , right ? telephone voice no sir , this be a navigational chart registry . I be afraid you have the wrong number . dial tone . bourne make a note . and as he do -- time CUT -- one minute later -- call number two -- new voice ( over ) ( french , male , hassle ) marseille - Tropez marina , how can I help you ? bourne hey , so this be the marina , right ? new voice yes , sir . can I help you ? bourne ( he 's get the number ) this be the one in marseille , right ? new voice ( last time I look . ) time CUT -- one minute later -- call number three -- operator recording ( over ) the number you have dial have be disconnect . if you think you have reach this message in error -- time CUT -- one minute later -- last call -- recorded voice ( over ) " you have reach the office of Simon rawlins at Alliance Security maritime division . Paris office hour be from nine a.m. to six p.m . if this be a emergency , please call we twenty - four hour help line at ... " bourne hang up . scribbles down the number . back away and -- int . treadstone research desk -- night conklin and the research tech jam on the console -- conklin -- let 's check that interpol window again -- research tech # 1 -- I be on it -- conklin -- I want that red car -- the girl -- we gotta get lucky here -- research tech # 2 sir. ( conklin turn --) I have get a code here from NSA -- they be not gonna give we keyhole satellite clearance unless we have sign - off from upstairs . conklin turn and -- abbott no. ( sit there tensely ) we can not risk it . conklin we last sighting be forty - eight hour ago . even if they stay in the car , the grid be huge . ( please ) this be it . he 's train -- condition -- they be build to disappear . you give he another day to run and we may never find he . abbott this do not go upstairs . conklin leave hang . abbott clear on this one . ext . EST . shot -- LA defense -- day monolithic tech . reflection city . int . elevator -- LA defense -- day bourne dress for success . suit . clean up good . catch he reflection in the elevator 's mirrore ceiling . nerves on edge . int . office lobby -- day alliance security maritime division . glossy poster of yacht , tanker and luxury sailboat . bourne stand there . suck it up . God know what he 's walk into here and -- int . alliance security -- day a secretary lead bourne through a suite of office and into -- int . peter rawlins ' office -- day meet rawlins . he 's a young , jolly Brit -- pink and overf -- and quite shocked to see ... rawlins Mr. kane ... ( hastily tidy up ) come right in ... please ... have a seat . bourne thanks . bourne just try to feel he way through this ... rawlins well ... ( really throw ) I must admit , when my assistant tell I you be here I be , really -- I be quite -- I be surprised . bourne really . rawlins we think you be go for good . bourne do you ? rawlins well , I mean it 's a tough business , be not it ? cutthroat . a long awkward beat . neither of they sure where to go . rawlins ( finally ) look , we bid -- it be competitive -- but definitely at the high end of competitive -- when we do not hear back from you , we do some re-analysis of the number , and honestly , we would really like a chance to do a bit better . ( pitching now ) I be assume you be still in the market . it 's the same vessel ? bourne yes . rawlins we just pick up a job quite like the one we be bid for you . gorgeous boat , hundred - and -seventy - five - foot pleasure cruiser . I think we learn a few thing that might allow we to make we proposal for you job , as I say , a bit more competitive . bourne okay . another beat . rawlins hold back until now ... rawlins be it the break - in ? bourne Excuse I ? rawlins we also think we have not hear from you -- we have have a bit of a publicity nightmare , people have be talk . ( the meat ) we office be break into -- vandalism mostly -- shortly after we last speak . bourne I have not hear . rawlins smile . reset . sale mode . rawlins let I get you a new copy of the proposal . bourne that would be great . int . a caf near LA defense -- day bourne enter . and there 's marie in the back work a payphone -- wave for he to sit -- she 's onto something . bourne sit . pull out the Alliance Security brochure and literature . flip through it . boat . Water . he 's get closer . picture of yacht and various security blurb and a list of reference for huge yacht -- job they have do in the past ... marie I find it . ( stand there ) it take six call . ( she 's creepe out ) I find kane . I find the body . bourne let 's go -- ( already stand --) we get to get away from this phone . int . paris morgue front desk -- night the two morgue attendant watch bourne put down a hundred dollar bill . marie stand a little off -- she will not be comfortable in the morgue . attendant # 1 ( pick up the cash ) what be the name again ? bourne kane . John Michael kane . attendant # 2 it 's number 121 . bourne I want to see the body . attendant # 1 we boss could come back . we be not suppose to . bourne pull out another hundred and -- morgue freezer room it 's showtime . marie back by the door . bourne right on it . attendant # 1 pull open the freezer and ... bourne sag . attendant # 1 look baffle . marie what ? insert -- freezer # 121 -- it 's empty . morgue boss ( o.s. ) ( from behind they --) what the hell 's go on here ? here come the boss back from he break -- a little drunk ? attendant # 1 this guy , he come to see the american , but the body , it 's miss . morgue boss they come last night . his brother . attendant # 2 it 's not in the book . morgue boss who be this people ? ( now English to bourne ) who be you ? what 's go on here ? bourne where do this body go ? morgue boss I say , someone come last night -- ( big attitude now ) look , this be not a carnival -- people call and they make a appointment and they follow the rule -- everyone sign in and out -- this be a serious place -- serious work -- it 's not just to come in whenever you like -- bourne ( like a shot ) shit , we do not sign in . morgue boss so get the hell out of here . bourne Fine . but I would like to sign in . in fact , I insist on it . where 's the book ? I gotta sign in -- ( off and run now --) everybody follow -- all of they confuse -- and into -- front desk area bourne there first -- all forward motion here -- ball out -- bourne be this it ? -- ( the book ) -- this be it , right ? -- morgue boss -- slow down -- you can not just take the book like that -- bourne -- do not sweat it , I have a pen -- no problem -- just let I find the page -- ( then quick to Marie ) -- honey , why do not you wait for I outside , okay ? -- marie try to take the hint , but she 's curious what he 's do -- morgue boss -- we have rule here , this be a very serious place -- I be the one who decide who get in here , okay ? -- bourne -- what do I ? -- I put the name of the person I come to see ? -- morgue boss -- this be serious business down here and we cannot have people come and go -- bourne -- here we go -- I find it -- but he 's not write -- he 's rip -- tear the page out of the book -- morgue boss -- what be you ? -- what be you do ? -- you crazy fuck -- you rip the book ! -- you stupid fucki -- ( no chance to finish this , because --) bourne just slam he against the wall . hard . like a tractor hit he . and fast . and that shut up the room . the two attendant rush to help they boss -- bourne grab marie and pull she out the door -- ext . paris STREET -- night moment after the morgue . bourne stride away . marie struggle to keep up . and bourne be different now -- zone in -- he 's close -- he 's harden -- marie what be you do ? -- ( he 's scare she ) -- Jason -- stop -- talk to I ... bourne ignore she -- rip through the Alliance Security brochure -- scan they as he walk -- marie -- I do not know what you be do and you be scare I -- what be you look for ? -- what just happen in there ? -- bourne nykwana wombosi . ( he stop , hold up the brochure --) marie what be that ? bourne it 's a name . Mr. wombosi own a thirty million dollar yacht . he 's the proud owner of a Alliance Security package . ( hand she the brochure --) he also pay a visit to the morgue to see John Michael kane . ( the rip - out page --) marie what do that mean ? ( but he 's walk again --) Jason , what do that mean ? ( she 's try to catch up , but he 's walk really fast --) Jason , please ... who be he ? bourne I do not know . ( he 's not turn back again --) marie so what be we do ? bourne go back to the hotel . marie just stop . reeling . bourne walk away . into Paris night and -- int . conklin' treadstone office -- day / night ? abbott alone here . on the phone . look up to see -- zorn they find he . they find bourne . abbott jump off the call . eye never leave zorn . abbott where ? zorn you better come in . ext . l'etoile -- night the professor -- a motorcycle -- scream through traffic and -- int . wombosi be security room -- night video monitor -- there 's bourne -- stare up and -- deauvage Jesus fuck , what be this ? int . treadstone research desk -- night video monitor -- different angle -- more clandestine -- but same deal -- there 's bourne just stand there and -- abbott omigod . ext . wombosi compound -- night bourne live . on the street . bath in a streetlight . stare up at a security camera . total hero moment . I be here . I be wait . I know you be watch . ext . wombosi compound -- night confusion to say the least -- wombosi -- pistol in hand -- move as fast as he can through the clutter -- kide scatter as he follow deauvage -- racing for the security room -- int . treadstone communications room -- night conklin -- zorn -- abbott -- the tech -- everyone plugge into the tension here -- conklin -- how long ? -- comm tech # 1 -- minute -- he 's close -- ext . neuilly street -- night the professor on the speed cycle -- close in fast and -- ext . wombosi's compound -- night bourne stand there as the front gate open . the moment . the big deep breath . he 's walk in -- int . treadstone communications desk -- night uglier by the second -- desperation madness -- abbott -- he go inside ! -- conklin ( to abbott ) -- if we can get a clean shot -- abbott -- inside the house ? -- conklin -- that 's what they be train for -- just a surgical strike . abbott forget it . conklin what do you want to do ? abbott we do not know what we be into ! conklin we be in the shitter , man ! pick you poison . maybe he 's in there to finish the job . maybe he 's work for wombosi . maybe they want to go on tv together . every possibility suck -- we have get to move ! int . wombosi compound MAIN hallway -- night deauvage and bodyguard # 1 give bourne a serious pat down . bourne be he here ? deauvage do not answer -- spin bourne around -- they be really go over he -- int . treadstone communications room -- night conklin on he foot -- abbott bett red -- this be get loud -- conklin you do not have the stone for this . you people come down here and wink and whisper and we send this guy out and get it do . and you be clear . and the guy upstairs get what they want . and the whole bunch of you be so stuff on deniability it 's come out of you ear . ( gauntlet ) well , you know what ? you be here now . what do you want to do ? abbott just shaking he head no . and conklin snap -- suddenly he 's over the console -- there 's the button -- and he 's press it and -- ext . neuilly rooftop -- night the professor in position -- roof of the house next door -- hum -- hum -- hum -- it 's the e-phone pager -- he 's just be activate and -- int . wombosi's compound hallway -- night bourne be march toward the throne room door -- deauvage and bodyguard # 1 flanking he -- kide and wive stare as he pass -- the way you would look at a prisoner on the way to the gallow -- the big door throw open wide and -- wombosi on the throne . wombosi come in . ( a imperial gesture ) please ... bourne step up to the plate . wombosi do you bring investment advice for I tonight ? it be tax shelter , be not it ? swiss debenture -swap . bourne mpg Capital . wombosi I think investment advice from a dead man , it 's a bad idea . ( beat ) how do it feel to be dead ? bourne it 's a lot more stressful than I think . kide have start sneaking into the room -- deauvage be try to scoot they out but -- wombosi -- no -- no , let they in ! -- let they in . ( to the kid ) come in -- on y va -- come in ... ( to bourne ) I think everyone want to see the dead man . bourne watch the kid -- they be all stare -- wombosi what do you do ? ( on he foot now --) you get a appointment with I ? you make sure it 's on the boat ? you come visit I -- you pitch I this bullshit investment package . you drink my water -- eat my bread -- play with my child -- and what ? -- two night later you come back and you put this death -- ( slamm something down onto the throne --) -- you put this in my engine room ! there be a bomb on the throne now . wombosi so this be a different kind of meeting . ( steam building ) maybe now we talk some truth , okay ? one dead man to another . bourne -- catch off guard as -- wombosi suddenly rip away he jacket -- so hard that he tear straight through to the shirt -- bourne's back -- bare -- two bullet scar -- still raw -- wombosi you see this ? ( call to deauvage --) I tell you my shot be better ! deauvage he go in the water -- how do he live ? wombosi no , no no ... ( and he mean this --) this be a strong killer . this be a crazy strong killer . oh , yeah ... ( circle ) to make a killer that look like you ? this young ? this face ? ( he mean this ) it 's bloody fuck amazing . bourne implode -- this news -- the kid stare at he -- the bomb -- it 's all get loud around he -- bourne who do you think send I ? wombosi I know who send you . I do not know why . ( this could get physical at any moment now --) I learn many , many thing from the CIA . many thing . I learn the way they think . ( beat ) be the bomb on my boat suppose to go off or not ? bourne distract by the kid -- this face -- it 's ... wombosi you do not set the bomb . why ? bourne not sure -- about any of it -- wombosi be this a game or a fuck up ? bourne I do not know . wombosi get the kid out ! he do not have to say it twice -- they know the drill -- they be go . wombosi and the door . deauvage close the door and as he do -- the professor attack ... ................................................... this scene have not be written it 's a shootout . the Professor be infinitely more talented at this than the bodyguard . bourne need to get out of there -- without look wimpy -- no child be harme . as the Professor rally -- he will shoot wombosi -- he will find bourne 's jacket leave on the floor ( in which later he will find a clue lead he to belleville ) and last but hardly least , he will take a parting shot at the bomb still sit there on the throne . there will be a huge , trailer - worthy explosion . this might not want to be very long . there be a extensive action sequence just around the corner . so bourne escape . physically he 's just weary . emotionally he 's fuck . all of that happen and we cut to -- ................................................... int . treadstone communications desk -- night conklin flipping out -- the professor be not respond -- conklin -- code he again -- punch it in -- com tech # 1 -- he 's not respond -- conklin -- the paging unit must be damage -- com tech # 2 -- we just run a remote diagnostic , sir , it 's not the unit -- abbott look like he might puke . zorn watch he career burn to the ground around he . abbott what be you do ? conklin grab shit -- like a madman -- conklin I be go to Paris . abbott no you be not . you be not go anywhere . I be shutting this down . conklin you be not do shit . you be so scared you can not even think . abbott you just blow up a house in Paris ! this program be over . call it off . conklin I can not call it off . he 's not respond . get out of my way . conklin split and -- int . the HOTEL room -- night it 's really late . bourne enter the room . marie in the corner . smoke out . cried out . life out . silence . not a word . his shirt be tear to shit . he scrape - up -- blood here and there . he move past she into -- the bathroom his hand shaking as he try to wash they . he bag it . the room bourne come out . and there 's a long silence until -- marie it do not matter who you be before . it 's who you want to be . that 's all that matter . ( be he listen ? ) we have this money . we have what we have . I have nothing before and now , I do not know , maybe I have more , maybe it 's nothing , but ... ( he look over ) I say we leave here . we leave this place . we go until we can not go anymore . bourne you could do that ? marie yes . that 's who I want to be . bourne nod . turn off the light . take she hand . and they lay in bed . just lay there . int . paris somewhere -- night the professor coop somewhere . tending to he wound . ignoring he pager . he 's slip off the grid . int . HOTEL room -- dawn bourne and marie pack up to hit the road . together . ................................................... doug's rough draft of the big action sequence int . HOTEL do LA paix -- lobby -- day marie drop off the key . hope hang in the air -- clerk xxxxxx ... marie xxxxxx bourne enter . he 's get the black duffel . car key . bourne xxxxxx . marie xxxxxx and now they be head for the door . something do not feel right for bourne -- and then he notice -- bourne stop where you be . marie what ? bourne turn back to the clerk . bourne where 's the dog ? clerk my husband 's out look for he . bourne he run away often ? clerk that old beast ? miss he breakfast ? not a chance . ( return to clean ) it 's always something , right ? suddenly -- just like that -- everything 's different -- bourne get in the basement . clerk what ? bourne ( to Marie ) get everyone down in the basement . now marie do not need a second warning -- clerk what the hell be you talk about ? bourne you be in danger . all of you . I have no time to explain . clerk wait a minute -- bourne I be sorry . -- that word -- the way he say it -- she 's grab she purse , clear out of the room . slam the door behind she -- click -- it 's lock . marie Jason ... no answer -- too busy -- reach under the check - in desk , come up with -- a shot gun , a old one , but nonetheless a gun -- marie who be it ? who 's out there ? and now bourne be move , pull open a drawer . a box of shell . fill he pocket . bourne xxxxxx marie xxxxxx bourne I will not let that happen . and he be move down the small hallway . away from the front door -- towards the back door under the stair . ext . HOTEL do LA paix -- courtyard -- day the HOTEL back door -- kick open -- bourne come out of the house -- come hard -- and -- the small courtyard be empty -- but now the alarm be go off -- and bourne turn back to marie -- race to grab she as -- ratatatat -- the front door -- window -- be shredd and -- here come the professor . bourne xxxxxx marie xxxxxx and now they be run , across this little courtyard . to a wall -- bourne be up , on it -- reach down for marie -- grab she -- swinging she over the wall as -- abm !!! the professor shoot . bourne go! marie take off run . bourne lean over the wall , fire back twice -- ratatat -- the wall be shredd . bourne take off run -- reloading on the fly . round a bend , be chamber two round when he see -- a woman be in she kitchen -- stare at he -- no time to explain -- he turn back -- the professor be just vaulting over the wall . bourne fire twice -- bam ! bam ! but the spray be too wide from this distance . window be shattered to both side of he but -- the professor stumble but keep go -- blood on he face now -- ratatat -- bourne have to move . reloading he almost useless gun . reaching marie -- face a choice and they climb a wall -- flower pot explode around they but they make it -- now -- running in a labyrinth -- right -- then leave -- through a small staircase . leaping a wall -- landing on a steep roof -- slide , fall , crash to the ground in -- a SMALL courtyard -- steep wall on all side . but there 's a large window -- and it 's open . and they step through and find themselves -- int . chinese restaurant -- bathroom -- day they close the window behind they -- catch they breath -- marie do we lose they ? bourne shake he head . tuck the gun under he coat . marie who be it ? bourne we have to keep move . and now he be open the door -- they step into -- int . chinese restaurant -- day startled kitchen worker stare as bourne and marie calmly walk out of the bathroom and head towards the front door of the empty restaurant . quiet . and then they open the door to the street and -- ext . belleville -- commercial STREET -- day the first thing we notice be noise . the street be burgeon with life . the second thing we notice be siren . police car approach . bourne and marie head down the street , blend in . up ahead -- two police car snake through traffic . bourne steer they off this crowded street . bourne xxxxxx marie xxxxxx ext . belleville -- quiet STREET -- day and bourne and marie be hurry down this street when -- bam -- the professor come out of a building -- across and down the street . no time to hide -- he 's see they -- he 's firing . bourne tackle marie to the ground behind a car . ratatat -- the professor be literally shredd it . and now bourne be move -- marie what be you do ? and bourne be on the offensive . bam ! bam ! move towards the professor who be ducking behind car on the other side . they be shredd the street -- firing ruthlessly at each other and -- now the police be here -- blocking both end of the street . gun be draw -- bourne 's vulnerable on two flank . the cop be yelling . and now -- the professor blast the cop -- and now thing have change . three way firefight and bourne grab marie and they dive into -- int . SMALL epicerie -- day and the professor shred the store as bourne attemp to fire back . shit fly everywhere in here -- hard to see and -- the professor be advance on they -- cop be no match for he fire power . they move to the back -- kick open a door -- int . highwalled courtyard -- day bourne and marie cross this small courtyard , the professor be right on they heel . crash through a door -- and now they be in -- int . SMALL sweatshop -- day couple of asian women sewing in here . one man in charge -- and bourne and marie charge through -- the man about to say something -- but now the professor be on they tail and -- int . SMALL african shop -- day make god know what in here -- vat of something . small grouping of worker -- bourne shutting the door behind he -- it 's shred with bullet hole . bourne and marie racing to the next door as -- bam -- the professor kick the door open -- bourne about to fire -- but there be a woman right behind the professor ! can not do it -- turn to run as -- ratatatat -- the professor fire as bourne and marie dive into -- int . live poultry shop -- day and now chicken feather be fly everywhere -- the glass at the front of the door be shatter . bourne and marie make it through the gauntlet . ext . belleville -- STREET -- day and bourne and marie be run . and he be reach into he pocket -- fishing around -- and just as he pull out the car key -- we recognize this as the street they park they car on and -- by marie' car bourne unlock the door -- pop marie 's open . and -- there's a cop -- yell at they and -- bourne hit the gas -- they fly out of they parking space -- bam !! the cop fire , shatter they windshield and there -- up ahead -- the professor come out -- about to FIRE -- bourne aim for he -- force he to dive out of the way and -- one quick move around a truck and they be free . int . the little red car bourne and marie look back nervously -- so far all over -- on the STREET the professor look around . people stare at he -- cover in blood -- the cop racing up -- yell -- not yell for long because the professor be fire at he and -- now the professor be move -- not run -- just a swift walk and now he 's past the truck -- and -- a motorcyclist come fly down the street -- oblivious -- go way too fast for this street and -- the professor swing he gun stock like a bat -- take he out -- clean and smooth -- bike crash to the ground and -- the professor grab the bike and take off -- shoot at two police car just racing to the scene and we be into -- ext . belleville blvd -- day high speed car chase . and bourne better do some fancy drive because here come the professor -- and he 's a lot faster -- much better armed . int . marie' car bourne drive . marie look back -- see the professor gain on they -- marie xxxxxx bourne xxxxxx and -- the professor fire -- shred the back off they car -- marie give I the gun -- and now she 's get he shotgun , lean out the window . bourne wait ' till he 's close . bourne swerve , up on the sidewalk back onto the street -- slalom through the traffic -- racing towards a intersection and -- in the intersection car come the other way , bourne just make it through -- the professor try to squeeze through -- skid and -- crack ! the professor hit the front of a car sideways on he bike -- he be thrown clear through the intersection , right into the windshield of a oncoming car and -- he get up , grab he gun and work he way towards he bike and now we see -- ext . various shot around paris -- day cop be mobilize -- swarm into this area and -- back to the car chase -- bourne and marie pick up a few cop on they tail -- shed all of they -- the last car go into a explosive flip -- the professor be now right behind they . and now we be into -- crazy car chase with cop right on there tail bourne , marie and the professor leave a trail of totale car that the cop have to try and navigate through -- finally say fuck it and hit a few car themselves and now we be into -- car chase through narrow street marie' car and the motorcycle can pass where the police car cannot . bourne may be able to shed the cop , but not the professor . and now one quick move and they be -- ext . quai -- day Racing against traffic up the seine . past the Louvre . cop pursue on the other side of the river . bourne and the professor leave behind a trail of carnage . and now -- the professor be pull up along side they -- one lane over . both swerving to avoid oncoming car and -- marie fire -- twice -- take out a few windshield . the professor fire at the same time -- marie' car door -- gone -- she 's totally expose but -- the professor -- he bike be spout gas -- one of the pellet nail he tank . bourne and marie -- marie xxxxxx the professor -- no problem -- he 's unwrap a piece of duct tape from the barrel of he gun -- two second and the hole be patch and -- bourne and marie -- the side of the car be completely go -- the professor be gain -- across the river dozen of police car be racing alongside . many more can be see on they side -- a road block ahead -- run out of option and -- bourne turn hard -- crash over the sidewalk and fly down a side street . a police car pull out behind they -- the professor can not stop -- skid hard , turn the bike sideways , skid out -- slide across the ground and bammm !!! smashing into a glass phone booth which shatter . and he 's up -- lift up he bike and -- bourne and marie six police car on they tail -- more join . every street they look down have police car racing in parallel . running out of option and in the background -- the professor be back in the game -- pass the police car and up ahead -- the road be blocked . police road block -- cop with gun . gotta act quick and -- bourne turn hard leave -- there 's a metro staircase -- only way out and -- they bounce down the stair . crash through the door down below . the first police car -- no way he 's follow . slamming on he brake . skidding to a halt -- skidding sideways -- gonna stop in time -- just at the edge of the step and then -- the second police car be not brake -- t-bones the first car -- bam !!! -- send it roll sideways down the step until it crash to a halt at the bottom -- upside down . the professor -- he 's turn -- head for a different set of stair . bourne and marie -- crash through the turnstile -- people diving out of they way and -- at the staircase -- the window of the police car be kick out and -- two very angry cop emerge -- pull they gun out -- head into the station . bourne and marie 's world just get a lot more dangerous and -- the professor be racing down the other staircase -- a up escalator -- people diving out of the way as -- bourne and marie slalom through the station -- suddenly -- there 's the professor -- parallel corridor -- metal barricade keep they separate . professor firing . up ahead -- a horizon line -- bourne gun it -- a steep staircase and -- they fly down the step -- landing on -- the metro platform the professor land on the other side -- both racing down the platform -- professor tear up the wall behind they and -- here come a train -- on bourne and marie 's side -- travel the opposite way -- temporary refuge . not for long -- there 's no way out on this end of the platform . they skid to a halt -- just as -- the train door OPEN -- startled straphanger stare at bourne and marie as they stop onto the platform -- take off run . the professor have to turn he bike around . he 's quick -- but it give bourne and marie a two second head start . bourne and marie almost at the other end of the platform -- gunfire rip up the window behind they . gonna go for the step -- but here come -- the angry cop -- remember they ? -- the one who take the ride down the step -- they be fire now and -- bourne and marie turn back -- the professor be fire and there be only one option -- int . metro car -- day bourne and marie into the conductor booth . people diving off the train as bourne hit the yellow button and -- the train start rolling -- door still open -- they disappear into the protection of the tunnel wall -- then bourne hit the button to close the door and -- the professor -- watch the train accelerate out of the station -- and now he 's racing he bike down the platform -- opposite the motion of the train and -- here come the end of the train and -- the professor throw he bike into a skid 180 and skid off the platform all in one move -- landing hard on the track but face the right direction and now he 's accelerate towards the train -- just as a oncoming train be racing into the station and -- he leap onto the back of the train in the nick of time . his gun clatter to the track . in the last metro car the window be shattered and the professor let himself in -- wind whipping through he hair from the shattered window . and -- in the first metro car bourne and marie finally get a breather . bourne keep look back -- nothing -- the train be desert . finally -- marie xxxxxx bourne xxxxxx marie xxxxxx bourne xxxxxx and ahead -- daylight -- the train track go above ground and as the train hit daylight -- we see the professor directly behind bourne on the other side of the glass and -- crash ! the professor grab bourne through the glass , ramming he head into the metal as -- bourne grab the knob , swing the door open and crush the professor -- crush he again and now he be free and -- bourne turn , pull up the shotgun and -- the professor kick it out of he hand -- it clatter to the ground and now we have a beat -- the train car race across the bir hakeim bridge -- all of Paris laid out behind they . bourne and the professor squaring off -- both look at the gun -- realize there 's no chance for either one of they to get it and -- a brutal ruthless fight break out . bourne 's motivate -- the professor 's crazy -- make it a pretty even match . look like it could go on for a little while when suddenly -- bam !!! the professor drop to the ground -- behind he -- marie wield the shot gun . marie xxxxxx bourne xxxxxx and bourne take the gun from she -- stand there -- reloading -- both barrel -- raise the gun -- aim it -- ................................................... int . moving metro car -- day the professor sit there . like a dummy . like a puppet that 's be propped up . he 's fuck -- he whole side ravage with shot -- he arm shred -- hand barely there -- blood flow fast -- bourne who else be come ? the professor stare up at the gun . stun . doom . mouth dry . eye struggle to make sense of the chaos . bourne I will not ask again . professor I work alone . like you ... ( confuse beat ) ... we always work alone . bourne what do you mean ? professor who be you ? Rome ? Paris ? ( bourne be just stare --) treadstone ... both of we ... I be warn but ... bourne treadstone ? professor ... which one be you ?... bourne lowering the weapon -- head swim -- bourne Paris . I live in Paris ... professor ... headache ... you have that ... I get such bad headache ... bourne yes . professor ... it 's a problem ... he 's lose blood fast -- thing inside he seize up -- bourne treadstone . professor ... or in a car ... when it 's dark ... something with the headlight ... ( circuit explode ) ... pill , right ? treadstone have that pill ... bourne what be treadstone ? professor ... what do you do ?... you must have really fuck up ... bourne I think so . professor ... someone say caffeine -- for a headache ... do not seem ... bourne what do they want I to do ? professor ... they will not let you go ... bourne why ? the professor -- cough -- a spasm -- helpless -- professor look at this ... ( all the blood --) ... least you have a woman .... and he 's go . like that . sitting there . and bourne look paralyze too . kneel there . stall out . marie Jason ... bourne do not answer -- can not , because there 's this sound -- this pulsing hum -- bourne reach into the professor's pocket and -- insert -- the e- phone pager -- cover in blood -- hum -- hum -- hum -- bourne's hand wiping at the blood that cover the display -- bourne stare at it . very familiar to he . marie we have get to go . int . metro car -- day bourne and marie racing back through the car -- away from the scene of the crime and -- ext . above -ground metro platform -- day the shatter train pull into the station -- door open -- scream echoing through the station from up the platform and -- bourne and marie get off the last car and -- ext . STREET / alley near the platform -- day two minute later . bourne and marie -- exhaust -- beat -- everything all at once -- bourne take this . she turn . he 's hold the locker key . bourne take it . but she do not move . marie and that 's it ? bourne if you be lucky . ( it 's hang there ) take it . ( beat ) there 's enough in there to make a life . any life . just get out now . get low . stay low . ( beat ) take it . she take it . stare at he . simply refuse to cry . marie what be I think , right ? bourne I can not protect you anymore . marie what about you ? bourne I be gonna find the end of this . ( beat ) I can not protect you . marie take one last look . and she 's run -- bourne hang there a moment -- listen to she go -- and then he pull out the e-phone pager . and it 's pulsing like crazy . bourne flip open the shell . there 's a keypad in there . holding it . like a miss organ . int . the zurich airport motel room -- day remember manheim ? he 's still there wait . and he pager go off , and -- int . treadstone paris -- night a safehouse -- conklin fill a burn bag -- racing -- everything 's go -- ext . treadstone paris -- night conklin do with the dirty work -- out into the street -- as he 's about to leave -- he hear a sound -- a familiar sound -- hum -- hum -- hum -- he cross the street -- look down to the quai below -- Holy shit -- there 's one of he e-phone pager -- he go down -- pick it up -- and now -- bourne what do you do to I ? conklin wheel around . there he be . right behind he . conklin what do I do ? what have you do ? do you have any idea ? any conception ? what you have destroy ? do you have any idea how much time and work -- how many people have they life wrap up in this ? so now you know . bourne be you treadstone ? conklin be I treadstone ? me? ( peer at he closely now --) what the hell be you talk about ? bourne show nothing -- or be he try too hard not to ? bourne what do you do to I ? conklin what do I do ? I spend thirty million dollar on you . I spend three year find you -- four year training you -- ( incredulous ) what do I do ? ( stare now ) what in the name of God have you be do , Jason ? bourne I do not know . conklin they be right about you , be not they ? you be fry . ( on it now ) you really do not know what 's go on , do you ? bourne I know you have be try to kill I . conklin of course . we have to try . we do not know what be wrong . ( warming to this --) we do not know you be in trouble . bourne so now you know . conklin so it 's time to go home . bourne that 's all I get ? conklin we will make you better . we can put the piece back . we can do that . bourne I do not think so . conklin we have to go home , Jason . bourne Jason bourne be dead . conklin there never be a Jason bourne . ( that get he ) you have to come with I . it 's the only way . we can give it back to you ... bourne keep it . ( and he 's walk --) conklin Jason ... ( try to follow --) they can not let you go ... bourne that will be they second worst mistake . and with that , bourne scramble up a wall -- like it 's nothing -- conklin just leave there -- on the quai -- in the dark -- ext . bank of the seine -- night bourne walk away -- faster and faster -- ext . bank of the seine nearby -- night manheim -- a car parked in the darkness -- sit alone with he briefcase . open it . there 's he gun . bourne -- walk -- deeper into the darkness and -- manheim -- in the dark car -- load the weapon -- calm -- steady -- methodical and -- bourne -- walk and -- manheim -- step out of the car -- close the door quietly -- deep in the shadow and -- bourne -- still come -- the darkest part of the path just ahead and -- manheim -- raise the gun and -- the camera spin to he target and -- it's conklin ! -- just climb back up from the quai -- manheim -- the gun -- phftt -- phftt -- phftt -- conklin -- three hole -- head -- heart -- gut -- he body drop like a stone beside he car . manheim walk over . look down . Point blank -- phftt -- that make it four and -- int . treadstone communications desk -- night abbott and zorn alone in the dark . as a red light begin pulsing on the console . that red light mean conklin 's dead . after a moment , zorn move to the console and shut the light off . ext . bank of the seine -- night bourne still walk . and he 's just gonna keep on go , as we -- dissolve to : int . CIA operation conference room -- day marshall at the head of the table . a cadre of intel honchos . abbott ( o.s. ) the treadstone project have actually already be terminate . it be design primarily as a sort of advanced game program ... abbott in the hot seat . zorn right there beside he . abbott ... we would hope it might build into a good training platform , but quite honestly , for a strictly theoretical exercise , we think it be far too expensive . the cost - benefit ratio be just too high . it 's be all but decommission at this point . marshall all right , what 's next ? zorn hand abbott the next hundred page . abbott okay , this be blackbriar . blackbriar be a joint , dod , communication program that we really feel have good traction to it . abbott be just gonna go on and on and on . ext . martha' vineyard -- day gorgeous summer day . a scooter rental shack near the beach . six month later marie come out of the shack with two helmet . handing they to a happy couple wait there on they scooter . the happy couple ride off . marie turn back and -- there 's bourne . a new look . a smile . marie can I help you ? bourne this you store ? marie yes . bourne think I could rent a scooter ? marie you have id ? bourne not really . beat . he smile . marie it 's not a problem . her turn to smile . and we ... fade out : the end