" the life of david gale " by Charles randolph first draft March 1 , 1998 fade in : ext . two - lane highway - sunrise a dishevel woman in a business suit ( 27 ) run down a lonely highway in Texas hill country , move desperately through the thick morning fog . she 's carry a vhs cassette . the sound of she breathe and shoe hitting the pavement echo into the mist . she run , and run . she slow , out - of -strength , look up and down the highway . both in front and behind , it lead straight into the mist , a tunnel of fog . she stumble on , a final effort . she run . see something . stop cold . dissolve to : white dissolve to : int . office of " deathwatch austin " - sunrise a clock on the wall : 6:11 . beneath the clock a simple banner read " deathwatch Austin . " young man ( o.s. ) it 's probably be about seven minute ... the office be small , cheaply furnish . one wall be fill with neat row of 8x10' of death row inmate . about 30 percent have red cross over they face . five people wait in tense silence . a skinny college guy with a mullet and pinch of skoal in he mouth look at a computer screen . a co -ed cuddle a styrofoam cup of coffee , sob quietly . a matronly woman sit quietly at a desk hold a phone to one ear . the clock 's minute hand change from :11 to :12 . constance harraway ( 36 ) , bookish , sit beside david gale ( 31 ) . he wear a blue Yale sweatshirt . they both stare at nothing . she bite she lip . college guy okay . okay . we have get pronouncement . 6:12 . roughly eight minute . ( a beat as he record the time ) number 36 this year for the great State of Texas . they all exchange look : they have lose . David stand . constance David , do not start throw thing . a phone ring . David control himself . david I be go home . let 's do the press fax tomorrow . another phone ring . constance stand . constance go. I will do it . he nod to she , exit . she walk to the photo wall . with a red magic marker she mark a cross over the photo of a Hispanic male . the wall clock read 6:13 . ext . parking lot in front of office - sunrise the office be in a largely abandon mini-mall . it 's go to be a clear summer day . David hurry through the empty parking lot to volvo station wagon . as the car exit the lot , we see the Austin skyline with the capitol building in the distance . int . david be car - sunrise David drink from a travel cup as he drive , window down . ext . intersection - sunrise David stop at a red light beside a squad car with one cop inside . the cop give he a cursory glance . int . david be car - sunrise he stare at the cop . the cop look neutrally ahead ; behind he the buckle of he seat belt shoulder strap catch the reflection of the rise sun . back to david he stare , then : david hey ! the cop ignore he . david yo! Officer ! the cop look over ; he face say he expect a confrontation . David point to the seat belt buckle . david you seatbelt . the cop nod , weary , embarrassed . he reach back for the belt . David take a sip and drive on . dissolve to : white dissolve to : close on television Court tv reporter , Roberts , stand in front of the Supreme Court . robert ( v.o. ) the high court also refuse to stay Friday 's execution of former philosophy professor , David gale . female ( o.s. ) ( with she mouth full ) Christ doin ' karaoke . pull back to reveal we be in : int . news magazine office - day kruger ( 47 ) watch with a leg up on she messy desk , eat low - fat tortilla chip and massage a knee with a electric massager . a name plate on she desk read " Barbara D. kruger , crime and court editor . " News magazine cover be on the wall . kruger be black , short , overweight , wear a old jogging suit and new oversize athletic shoe . she have half - frame granny glass on a cord around she neck . robert ( v.o. ) gale have seek a review of he 1993 conviction for the rape and murder of University of Texas colleague , constance harraway . kruger reach for a phone , hit four number , take a chip . on tv a book - jacket photo of constance . back on robert robert ( v.o. ) Defense lawyer have hope to argue that gale 's former activism against capital punishment unduly prejudice ... on kruger she wait impatiently , munch , swallow . robert ( v.o. ) ... the Texas judicial system . cite ' discriminate purpose ' -- kruger ( into the phone ) hey , they be not gonna stay gale . it 's on Court tv right now , listen . she hold the phone out in the direction of the tv , use the opportunity to eat another chip . on tv we see old footage of David on a tv talk show . robert ( v.o. ) ... clear political gain in execute its lead opponent of the death penalty ... on kruger kruger ( into the phone , swallow ) so , what 's it gonna be ? belyeu say to call after the decision ... no , they say only bitsey . robert ( v.o. ) ( in b.g . ) ... further fail to consider that the victim be herself a abolitionist activist ... kruger it mean only bitsey . Bill , I do not get to make the rule , I be a fat black woman . bitsey Bloom ( the runner from the open ) enter . she wear , as always , a tailore suit . kruger ( into the phone ) ... what we need be to put she on a plane to Houston . bitsey ( woman ) gale 's go down . kruger shush she with a we-know - already gesture . kruger ( into the phone ) why do you always get lordosis around legal ? she 's here . she put he on speaker , and reach for a chip . bitsey ( to the phone ) hi. what 's lordosis ? bill ( v.o. ) female ape 's posture when prepare for intercourse . hello , bitsey . bitsey shoot kruger a look , mouth " you be sick . " bill ( v.o. ) look , kid , set aside the cost issue , though half - a-million dollar for three two hour interview be not only illegal it 's obscen - - kruger market value . guy 's never talk . bill ( v.o. ) that aside , I , we be still uncomfortable with the arrangement . bitsey meaning ? bill ( v.o. ) meaning you have just spend a very public seven day in jail for a very public contempt of court citation . bitsey protect source , even kiddie porn scumbag , be magazine policy . bill ( v.o. ) and I , we continue to appreciate you decision . we be just concerned . a rapist slash murderer , five day before he 's execute , demand a reporter know for protect sexual deviant . a reporter who be also a very attractive woman -- bitsey and kruger moan in unison . kruger this be disparate treatment . bitsey I could go if I be a ugly blabby guy ? bill ( v.o. ) there 's a agenda issue here which would be diffuse with a older male ... kruger I hear lawyer gleefully say the word Bloom versus . News Magazine Inc. bitsey ' well , you honor , I start to notice that my assignment be evaluate on the basis of my sex . ' kruger you have gotta let she go now . bill ( v.o. ) that 's not quite what I mean . kruger he 's gotta let you go . bitsey ' certain reference be make -- ' bill ( v.o. ) ( interrupt ) all right . all right . enough . the intern be with you at all time ? bitsey vehemently shake she head " no " to this idea . kruger yes . I , we be hang up . ' bye . kruger hang up the phone before he can respond . bitsey I be not baby-sitting . kruger reach for a chip . int . rental car - night zack ( boyish , 24 ) sit in the passenger seat , smoking and look at a case file in he lap . he hold the cigarette just outside the slightly open window . Zack have a bohemian grunge thing go -- long hair , ultra-hip glass . as bitsey drive , she keep look down at the dash 's instrument panel . we hear strain patience in she voice . bitsey gale be see leave the house . ext . interstate 45 - night the car 's light move past a sign : " huntsville 27 mile . " bitsey ( v.o. ) his sperm be inside she . int . rental car - night bitsey his print be all over the kitchen , include one on the bag . Zack have a police photo : a woman naked on a kitchen floor , hand handcuff behind she . over she head be a opaque white plastic bag , seal around the neck with duct tape . zack half -a- thumb print . bitsey okay , half - a- thumb print . zack could have touch it before it be a murder weapon . bitsey do you fondle you friend ' garbage bag ? zack yeah , I get very touchy around household plastic . ' hello , everybody -- ooooh , tupperware . ' chill . I be just say the bag could have be out on the counter or something . she look at he a beat . bitsey hey , Zack ? zack yeah . bitsey he do it . zack but the murder 's way too fuck clumsy . and this guy 's a major intellectual . top of he Yale class , a Rhodes gig , tenure at 27 , two book . he 's a academic stud . bitsey and , empirically speak , a psychotic . Zack pick up another file photo : Christmas shot of the gale family : David ( 31 ) , he wife ( Sharon , beautiful , 29 ) , and son ( chase , 6 ) . zack look at he wife , she 's a regular Grace Kelly . Old money svelte . Father be ambassador to Spain -- bitsey ( look at the car 's instrument panel ) shit ! the light 's on again . closeup - overheat light be on . back to scene zack ignore it . it 's a rental . bitsey thanks , Zack . do you smell anything ? zack no. besides the guy 's a flame liberal . bitsey keep look down at the light . bitsey a person 's politics have nothing to do with they propensity to commit crime . ( beat ) be not we suppose to smell it if it 's overheate ? zack wrong , seventy - three percent of all serial killer vote republican . bitsey throw the cigarette out so we can smell . Zack reach for the car ashtray . bitsey no ! you will stink up the car . throw it out ! zack I be not gonna fuck pollute . bitsey Zack ! Zack pinch the cherry off , let it drop out the window . he show she the filter , animatedly put in the ash tray . she give he a look . they ride a beat in silence . bitsey sniff . bitsey we better pull off . shit , this be so irritate . zack how far to huntsville ? bitsey look . she point to a approach rest area exit sign . they share a glance , then a laugh . Zack affect a evil , maniacal cackle . zack ( ' hard copy ' announcer 's voice ) ' news Magazine reporter bitsy Bloom and Zack stemmon enter the rest area with car trouble ... ext . rest area exit - night the car exit for the rest area . zack ( v.o. ) Little do they know they trouble be just beginning . Zack mimic the open music to " Dark shadows . " ext . rest area - night well light and empty . the rental car be park with the hood up . they stand look at the radiator . bitsey be it hot ? he put he hand on it . zack oww ! Jesus , yes . be not it always ? bitsey shrug . zack so what do I do ? bitsey I do not know , something male . Zack animatedly adjust he ball , spit . zack now what ? bitsey 's not pay attention . she 's watch headlight come toward they . bitsey company . zack I hope whoever it be never see deliverance . a late model pickup pull up behind they . they shade they eye from its headlight . the light go off . a older cowboy ( mid -60' , stetson , lizard skin boot ) step out . older cowboy you folk need some help ? bitsey actually yes . ext . huntsville motel six - night the motel lie adjacent to interstate 45 and a kettle restaurant . the rental car pull up to the reception building . ext . huntsville motel six - next day the rental car be park in front . the morning be overcast , it 's sprinkle . bitsey emerge from one of the room on the second floor carry a umbrella . int . kettle restaurant - day bitsey enter and see Zack in a booth , smoking and read . the hyper-smiley teenage hostess approach she . hostess how be you this morning ? bitsey ignore she , take a menu without comment . she go and sit across from Zack ; he 's read dialogical exhaustion by David gale . bitsey Little early , be not it ? zack the non-smok section 's over there . bitsey I mean the book . zack oh . bitsey open the menu ; he put the book down . bitsey what time be it ? zack 9:15 . the waitress say the Ellis unit be about fifteen minute out of town , so we have get like five and half hour . I -- bitsey never eat where the menus have picture of the food . zack I be think we should drive to Austin , check out the crime scene . could be some story stuff for we . bitsey ( without look up ) first , this be not a story . it 's a interview . we come , I listen , you watch , we go home . second , there be no ' we ' in the assignment . zack okay , what do I watch you do for the next five hour ? bitsey ( close the menu ) drive around look for decent restaurant . zack you know , you reputation as siberian - female - Dog - person do not do you justice . she 's unsure how to interpret he comment . he smile . bitsey my reputation get we invite here . I play by the rule . it 's call objectivity . they stare at each other . Zack pick up he book , start to read , affect a shiver . ext . ellis unit drive guardhouse - day drizzle . the prison and adjacent parking lot can be see a few hundred yard down the road . in front of the guardhouse be a sign : " tdc Ellis unit . all visitor must report . " superimpose : " day one " the rental car enter the frame , brake briefly for the empty guardhouse , and move on toward the prison . ext . ellis unit parking lot - day bitsey and Zack get out of they car . she have a umbrella . zack so where do we report ? Three razor wire fence surround the prison . Guard tower rise at the corner . outside the fence sit a small building with a sign : " report here . " bitsey make a there - you-have - it face . they move toward the building . someone hawk . they look over . within the fence , a skinny Hispanic inmate ( 50' ) spit . he 's hunch in the rain thirty yard away . he watch they neutrally . camera track bitsey and Zack as they walk nervously past a series of kennel - like pen that run along a long building . inmate watch they pass : a smoking , tattooe white male ( 30' ) stand by he door . a muscular black man ( 30' ) with a Muslim skullcap speak quietly to the forty - something redneck beside he . a paunchy Hispanic ( 20' ) with a shave head sit back against the building , make click sound . a skinny white guy with he shirt off toss a tennis ball against the building . at the close end of the last pen , a gang - banger ( 20' ) watch as he stand with he finger clutching the chain - link above he head . rain run down he face . int . ellis reception office as bitsey and Zack enter , a clean - cut man in he forty be on the phone ( duke grover ) . he wave they in and hold up a wait- just -a-second finger . grover well , I do not rightly know one fraternity from another . but if we catch any that boy out here again , we be gonna arrest and prosecute ... you do that , Susan ... bye now . the office have cheap wood panele and a tired shag carpet . a portrait of governor hardin ( female , mid - 50 's ) be on the wall , a large aerial photograph of the prison on the other . at a desk sit a woman with TEXAS hair ( 40' ) . grover hang up . grover ( to the woman ) thank you , margie . ( turn to bitsey and Zack ) correspondent Bloom and Stevens I presume . bitsey yes , hello . they shake hand . zack stemmon . grover stemmon . sorry , will not happen again . I be Duke grover , t.d.c. community relation . grover 's demeanor suggest a successful Little League coach , he suit suggest j.c. penny . he speak quickly . margie ( woman ) he 's usually real good with name . grover ( to bitsey ) and this day I always like to ask , now do you prefer miss , Mrs. or ms .? bitsey bitsey . grover bitsey it be . margie , I be stealin ' you umbrella . margie okey dokey . ext . ellis unit entrance bitsey and grover walk beneath they umbrella toward the unit gate -- grover walk as fast as he talk . Zack follow , turn he collar up . grover bitsey , you ever be in a prison ? bitsey yes . Zack smile to himself . grover on death row ? bitsey no . grover well , we house 422 inmate here . average stay with we be nine year . some get commute , move on , most get kill . it will put you off you supper , but then it 's suppose to . the unit fence gate part as they enter . the older gate guard nod as they pass . grover ( to the guard ) afternoon , earl. ( back to she ) we have get three concern here : safety , safety and safety . the visitation area be entirely secure -- we just ask you do not touch the glass . windex get expensive . they come to the door of the entrance area . grover rule say seven day prior to execution inmate must be interview in a cage . the door buzy , grover open it . int . ellis entrance lobby - day the lobby have institutional chair and few vend machine . to one side be a guard 's counter and a walk through metal detector . they enter and make they way toward the counter . grover this change for no man . you be not carryin ' a weapon be you ? bitsey no . grover Mr. stemmon , you packin' ? zack no , sir . they arrive at the counter . behind it be two guard , one male , one female . grover ( to the guard ) clarence . Karla . New York guest for Mr. gale . clarence ( guard ) May I see you purse , mar 'am . grover ( to bitsey , indicate the metal detector ) go on and walk through . grover keep talk as he walk around the detector and wait for she . grover now , should any kinda of unpleasantness occur in the visitation area , we ask that you stay put . come on through , Mr. stemmon . and please follow the instruction of this fine correctional officer should they see fit to give you any . clarence ( hand she the purse ) here you go , mar 'am . he lead they down the hall . grover anythin ' you say can be overhear . and any discussion of criminal activity on you part be admissible . not plannin ' a jailbreak be you , bitsey ? int . ellis visitation area - day the door guard get up from he small table and open the door for they . grover here we be . the visitation hall have the linoleum - and - fluorescent feel of a empty school cafeteria . it be seamlessly intersected by curve wall of sheer glass . across the hall a guard 's booth be build into the concrete wall ; the two guard inside look like they be in a sound booth . every fifteen foot , the glass have small sound hole . on the visitor ' side , chair ( with lap desk ) cluster at each section . just get up from a chair in the hall 's center be a big man wear a expensive suit and black cowboy boot . this be David 's lawyer , benjamin belyeu ( late 30' ) . on the prisoner 's side of the glass , a row of ten chair trace the outline of its curve . above each chair a microphone hang from the ceiling . the center chair be in a stainless steel cage . Inside sit David gale . grover ( call out to belyeu ) all yours , Mr. belyeu. ( to bitsey and Zack ) you folk have safe visit now . bitsey thank you . he exit as bitsey and Zack make they way toward belyeu and David ; it 's a walk of about twenty - five foot . belyeu 's voice be a thick combination of cajun and Harvard yard . belyeu miss Bloom ? bitsey yes . belyeu speak as slowly as grover do quickly . David stand up politely in he cage -- he 's too tall and have to hunch . belyeu do that p.r. man validate you parkin ' ? bitsey he say the gift shop could do it . belyeu laugh , smile pure Old New Orleans charm . belyeu ( to David ) she 's a smart one . belyeu take a few step toward they , extend he hand . belyeu Benjamin belyeu , Mr. gale 's attorney . bitsey this be Zack . belyeu pleasure . ( turn ) and this be the man of the hour . they move toward David . a speaker -system loudly ( really loudly ) interrupt : guard ( v.o. ) sit down , gale . all wince . David sit , smile , a bit embarrassed . david hello . bitsey hello . zack hi. belyeu now , why can not they turn that thing down ? david ( to the microphone above he ) my lawyer respectfully suggest you adjust the speaker - system volume . a beat . they all look over at the guard 's booth . one of the guard make a get-on- with - your-business gesture . david they be practice be cruel and unusual . belyeu Mrs. Bloom , I be sure you be a bitin ' at the bit . belyeu collect papers from the chair he be use and start to stuff they into he antique carpetbag . belyeu now , it be we understanding that you be to have three two-hour session . today , tomorrow and Thursday , all at three in the p.m. I be sorry we can not afford you more time , but contrary to popular rumor we have not yet begin to fight . furthermore , it 's we understanding that you will do this with no recording equipment of any kind . ( to David ) you have my Gregg book ? david I need it for billy 's appeal . belyeu ( to bitsey ) my client 's get a ten pound bass on the line and he 's worried about baitin ' he neighbor 's hook . ( take out he planner ) now , I have some papers for which I need you jo Ann hancock . ( hand she a business card ) come by my Austin office at you earliest convenience . Thursday mornin ' , say . bitsey 's confuse . belyeu just smile at she , then look up at the microphone . she understand , nod . belyeu Fine , till Thursday then . belyeu pick up he bag . he and Zack start the hike to the door . belyeu turn , walk backwards . belyeu good luck , miss Bloom . ( to David ) I will come by later . we can play a game of hangman , take up smokin ' . David wave " get lose . " belyeu turn . belyeu bye , ya ' all . they watch he walk away . bitsey turn to David . he 's look at the floor , catch in a think . bitsey so ... david sorry . have a seat . she do so . David smile at she , he have a beautiful smile , sincere , charming , vaguely devilish . bitsey he 's a character . david yeah , know benny most my life . met the summer after 4th grade , spend the day burn ant with he dad 's magnify glass . we call it play ' execution . ' David look at she a beat , let the irony of this sit in the air . uncomfortable , bitsey start to look in she purse . david since I grow up in foster home , he 's become the only family I have . bitsey where 's you ex-wife ? bitsey take a pad out of she purse , look for a pen . david we agree minimal contact would be easier . please do not mention she , or my son . bitsey all right . anything else , just clearly say , ' off the record . ' I will take it to my grave . but then you know that about I . otherwise I would not be here . David smile , nod . bitsey ( refer to the pen ) be this recording equipment ? he shrug . david how should we start ? bitsey I would say you be a man with a story to tell , Mr. gale . you choose the magazine , the format . you choose I . she sit with pen on paper , poise for dictation . bitsey go. David look at she a long beat , then give she the smile . dissolve to : white dissolve to : transition montage camera start to rotate and roll throughout until the last shot come to rest upright . a ) overhead belyeu get in he cadillac in the wet Ellis unit parking lot . B ) ellis unit ( rainy day ) from the air . C ) austin from AIR ( sunny day ) D ) overhead sexy female grad student ( over-dressed in a mini-skirt and heel ) move hurriedly through the University of Texas ( U.T. ) campus . E ) from behind two graduate student attend class in a U.T. lecture hall -- they be laugh as David entertain from a mike at the podium . dissolve to : int . U.T. lecture hall - day thirty animated student ( circa 1992 ) be listen to David lecture . he 's young ( 31 ) , vibrant -- look like a grad student himself . on the white board behind he be phrase : " lucan , " " objet petit a , " " fantasy Theory . " david think . what do you fantasize about ? World peace ? ( as no one respond ) think so. ( light laughter ) money - fame-ferrari ? ( as some guy applaud loudly ; other then boo they ) a pulitzer ? Nobel ? m.t.v. Music Award ? ( applause ) a genius hunk -- ostensibly bad but secretly simmer with noble passion , and willing to sleep on the wet spot ? as woman applaud ... large woman ( yell ) I will take two ! laughter . david a Victoria 's secret model -- just slumming between law school and run she family 's vastly endow Foundation for tragically sad -ey Children ? the crowd laugh , David change tone . david okay , good , you see lucan 's point . fantasies must be unrealistic . the minute you get something , you do not , you can not , want it anymore . to exist , desire need absent object . so desire support itself with crazy fantasy ... the over - dress sexy grad Student enter loudly from a side door , out - of - breath and discombobulate . the crowd laugh at the timing . David pause . student sorry . he animatedly gesture to the seat , wait a beat as she move towards they . david this be what pascal mean when he say the only time we be truly happy be when day - dream about future happiness . the sexy Student sit , adjust herself . david or why we say , ' the hunt be sweeter than the kill ' or ' be careful what you wish for . ' a guy behind the sexy Student tap she on the shoulder , she turn and he hand she letter from the registrar 's office . it 's from a girl friend two row back . the girlfriend mouth , " it come today ? " david ( o.s. ) not because you will get it , but because you be doom not to want it if you do . think about it next time you be at a wedding . laughter . the sexy Student turn back around , throw the letter in a book . int . U.T. hallway - day student pour out of the double door lead from David 's class . the hall be crowded . stand wait for he against the wall be constance ( glass , granola clothes ) . she 's look at a document , hold a file . int . U.T. lecture hall - day the student be leave . David be quickly erase the white - board . the sexy Student approach he ( she name be Berlin ) . berlin ( sexy student ) sorry about be late . there be , you know , a thing . david there usually be , Berlin . berlin look , I know I be not do well . he turn , nod , take he book and papers from the podium . berlin and to torture a cliche , I would do anything to pass . he look at she a beat , start to walk toward the door . berlin anything , Professor gale . he stop , turn . david anything , huh ? berlin ( suggestively ) anything . david ( the smile ) anything ? she affect a solicitous shyness -- then go all sex . berlin any thing . he check the room , then come over to she , close . david tell you what , I will give you good grade , a really good grade , if you will ... ( lean down to she ear , whisper sensually ) ... study . he smile , turn , walk away . as she watch , anger build . int . U.T. hallway - day David come out the room . constance see he , hurry to he . she 's excited , and speak now -- as always -- with absolute authority . they talk as they walk down the crowded hall . constance David ! david hey . constance the t.a. finish transcribe the Governor 's radio and tv comment . listen : ' I hate kill , that 's why I be willing to kill to stop it . ' the woman breathes in soundbite . she hand he a copy . david ( pretend to read a quote ) ' yes , Virginia , the people of this State have overwhelmingly affirm the reality of Santa . ' constance you might can use some of she pre - centrist stuff . david tell I again why you be not do the debate . constance telegenics . you have a cuter butt . david I have not notice . constance I know . david that 's not what I mean . ext . U.T. campus - day David and constance exit the building into the sun . constance she 's gonna do the whole mother thing . she empathize with you completely , but experience have give she the courage to take the tougher road , to - da , ta-da . keep it rational . and flirt politely . david ' Governor , you bat a lovely lash for a woman who execute thirty eight last year . ' they have come to a sidewalk junction , stop . constance and watch you ego . do not come across as one of that I - hate - authority - because - nobody - in - charge - read - the- New Yorker type . david anything else ? constance yeah , do not fall into one of you brood silence . oh , I be get new federal stat from Amnesty tonight . david I be go to greer 's party . fax they to Sharon 's number at the house . she look at he sternly over the top of she glass . constance if you have a hang -over tomorrow -- david ( hang up , walk away ) apropos play mother . constance ( call after he ) ten o'clock ! ( beat ) Bright -ey and bushy tail ! ext . gale home - establishing - night the house be a immaculately restore two -story victorian , far better than what a university professor can afford . the grounds be perfect . David 's volvo be in the driveway , he wife 's new laredo beside it . on the street out front sit a new vw beetle . int . kid be room - night David 's son -- chase -- sit in bed hold a stuff sheep in the air . David turn off the light in the adjacent bathroom , come in hold he son 's jeans and shoe . David wear a t-shirt which say " evil - doer &amp ; curious person . " the room be over - decorate with boy stuff . david do you mark you calendar ? chase ( look up at it ) yep . insert - kide calendar hang above the bed , open to the month of March . it have a feel - tip pen hang from a piece of string tape to it . ten frowny face cover ten consecutive day , then there be three empty day before a large smiley face await on the fourth . the frowny face be in a kid 's hand , the smiley face in a adult 's . back to scene chase ( count on he finger ) only ... three more Spain day . David put the jeans and shoe away . david only three . that 's great , huh ? David come and sit beside he son . point to a African statue ( a man hold a spear ) on the bedside table . david what 's he do in here ? chase mommy say I could . just till she get back . ( touch the spear ) that 's a special - duper monster laser knife . david where 's you laser gun ? chase reach under the sheet , search , finally pull out a laser pointer . chase here . he " shoot " some toy in the corner with the red laser dot . chase tussshh , tusssshh , tussshh . I never shoot they in the eye , daddy . david that 's ' cause you be a special - duper - super- quadruper boy . who 's now go to sleep . he tuck he son in . david who love you ? chase giggle , point at he dad , then poke he nose . david ooooh. ( kissing he ) good night , son . chase ( hold up he stuff sheep ) do cloud Dog . david ( kissing the sheep ) good night , cloud Dog . int . live room - night obsessively cool , full of designer furniture and rough fabric . the art be mostly contemporary and conspicuously light -- a damien hirst piece sit in one corner . a few African antiquity be scattered throughout . a babysitter sit on the couch read a school textbook , hold lip gloss and absentmindedly apply it as she read . David pass on he way to the door . david back before midnight . babysitter it 's cool , Mr. gale. ( call after he ) do not do anything I would not . david ( o.s. ) Rest assure . he exit . when she hear the door close , the babysitter reach for the tv remote . int . duplex - live area - night the duplex be upscale , two -story with a vault ceiling . scatter about be forty party - goer , mostly grad student . some spill out onto the back patio and around the pool . everyone have a t-shirt with a philosophic idea ( " yawnic , " " mad , bad and dangerous to know , " " [ philosophic t-shirt ] " . ) leonard cohen music plays . from front door greer ( late 20 , Persian , " host " t-shirt ) escort David into the live room . greer the guy 's the immanuel Kant of the n.f.l. consistent , accurate , effective , and boring , boring , boring . greer leave he at the sofa where a older professor ( 60 , homemade t-shirt -- " pre - socratic " -- over he shirt and tie ) stand speak with ross ( late 40s , " homosexualist " t- shirt ) . david meinen herren . ross ( have a Oxford accent ) hello , David . older professor Professor gale . where 's you better half ? david Spain . older professor again ? ( a beat ) well , I be just off for air . he move to the patio . they watch he go . david ( under he breath ) look like Sharon 's affair be a open secret . ross ( under he breath ) hermeneutical bias : the only fun truth be the one someone 's try to hide . ( normal tone ) have a seat . they sit on the sofa . ross listen , Berlin 's here -- and livid . probation suspend she . she receive the letter today , take the opportunity to throw a fit in my office . you should -- berlin ( o.s. ) talk about I ? she 's stand behind they . David tilt he head back . david yep . she 's tipsy , bring she face down between they head . berlin ( to David ) he tell you I say when you be circumcise they throw away the wrong part . david he mention it . a uncomfortable beat . she reach over and take Ross 's drink from he hand , drink the rest , put it back . david it 's call schmuck . berlin what ? david the part of the foreskin that get throw away . I think it 's call schmuck . berlin be not we so fuck clever . ross ( stand , escape ) I suppose I should get we another . David ? david Black Bush . Ross walk to the bar . Berlin come around and sit in he seat . her mid-drift T-shirt read " sex be power . " berlin you be a jerk this afternoon . a beat . she 's turn face he , he look forward . david for what it 's worth , I do not know about the suspension . berlin be that suppose to be a apology ? david more like a conciliation . on food and drink table Ross have two gin-and - tonic and be finish pour David 's Black Bush . he move away . the table be neatly laid with snack and bottle . the flower arrangement be perfect . same scene - later the table be now in mid-party chaos . food spill , bottle empty , the flower in disarray . " i'm too sexy " plays loudly in the background . Berlin take a bottle of Red label from the table . camera track she through the live room , where a few people now dance , and out onto the patio . a crowd well on they way to be drunk gather by the pool . they surround two patio chair which face each other , one with David , the other with Ross . the man be play a irish drink game -- the crowd have choose favorite . ross ( slurring a bit ) all right . ( clear he throat ) as the poet have mournfully sung , death take the innocent young , the screamingly funny , the roll in money , and that who be very well hang . laughter , a few animated moan . David raise he glass to Ross and downs a whiskey . someone start to chant : " gale ! gale ! gale ! " david ( feel good but very much in control ) there once be a lesbian from canjuom , who take a young man to she room , and they argue all night , as to who have the right , to do what , how , and to whom . laughter . two woman hold each other boo . Ross drink . berlin one more . c'mon , one more . david enough . that 's enough . the crowd want more . someone make chicken sound . ross do you bow to the Queen ? David look at he , contemplate , then smile . he hold he glass out for a refill . the crowd applaud . full shot of patio the crowd be chant : " Ross ! Ross ! Ross ! " same scene - later the crowd have disperse . a couple of small group converse . someone be be throw into the pool . techno music plays . Inside the duplex a few dancer be still go at it . int . bathroom David be wash he face . as he dry , the techno music downstairs get briefly louder . he look from beneath the towel into the mirror . Berlin have enter the bathroom . david I be do . she lock the door , lean back against it . she 's flushed . he fold the towel . berlin I be not a student anymore . david do not think I want to know what that mean . David lay the towel down , lean back against the sink -- they face each other on opposite side of the bathroom . berlin there once be woman name Berlin , who like a bit now and again . not now and again , but now ! and again ! and again ! and again ! and again ! he laugh . berlin cute , huh ? david cute . berlin I have a secret . but I have to come over there to tell you . he make a I be -not-so-sure face . she move playfully toward he . berlin here I come . she come up to he , lean into he as she put she mouthclose to he ear . he keep he hand back on the sink counter . berlin ( whisper ) I be not after the grade . she stand with she body against he , look into he eye . david Berlin , this , this be not ... she put she finger over he mouth , keep they there . berlin ssshhhh . with she free hand she take one of he , rub it against she face and lip as she speak . berlin we will just talk , analyze , contemplate . or ... you can put you mouth on my body . she move he hand down , brush it against she breast and to she groin . she bring she mouth toward she finger -- which be still against he lip . berlin ( softly , vulnerably ) do not reject I . please . with she eye open , she kiss the back of she own finger , run she tongue between they , open they to reach he mouth . int . hallway a Hispanic woman ( T-shirt : " derrida - Da " ) bee-bop to the bathroom door . tries the handle , then dance away . int . live room about eight dancer dance to the techno music -- its pace increase . a couple they be really into it . int . bathroom Berlin and David be against the sink , kissing in full passion . the music from downstairs seem louder . her T shirt be off . pant , he turn she against the sink . pull she skirt up , reach for she panty . berlin rip they . david what ? berlin rip they off . he do so . int . kitchen Ross sit at the kitchen table , hold he throbbing head against the pounding music . greer set a cup of coffee in front of he , sit across . a long beat . they seem like parent wait out a teenager 's party . int . bathroom Berlin be back against the sink , undoing David 's fly as he take he T-shirt off . the music from downstairs seem even louder . his pants and underwear fall . he start to penetrate she . berlin no. from behind . she turn , face the mirror . he position himself behind , enter she . berlin yes . he move against she . berlin do it hard . he look at she in the mirror , then continue . she watch he . on patio a guy sit alone at the far end of the pool on a lounger . the dancer can be see in the live room behind he . int . bathroom David thrust against Berlin , she thigh pound against the edge of the sink . the music be as loud as it be downstairs . berlin harder . he look at she in the mirror , unsure . berlin harder . he thrust harder . berlin yes . they continue in rhythm . she reach back and pull he into she . berlin bite I . bite my shoulder . she watch he do so in the mirror . int . live room the dancer dance -- the techno pace have increased even more . one dancer be a blur . int . bathroom Berlin be pull David into she . they approach a climax . she scratch he on the small of the back . blood trickle . int . live room the music and dancer be in pure frenzy . suddenly , the music stop . greer stand by the stereo , he hand come back from the power button . he gesture " that 's - all -folk . " int . bathroom David and Berlin stand still and apart , breathe heavily into the reality - induce silence . he look at she in the mirror , a look of shame . she give he a odd smile . smash CUT to : black fade in : int . constance's bedroom - night constance wake with a jolt , sweat . she get up and go into she bathroom . int . bathroom - night she turn on the light , move to the sink , open the medicine cabinet . it 's stack with prescription medicine . suddenly , she turn to the toilette , vomit . fade to : black . fade in : int . barne &amp ; noble coffee house - day David and constance sit by a window , the U.T. campus in the b.g. David 's distract , wear a suit and a long face . she 's wear the close thing she have to business attire . she have stack of paper spread in front of she . constance okay , let 's say we find a innocent on death row . would not matter . correction would let he go . Governor harding would go on tv , say , ' thanks to the good people at deathwatch , the system work . ' yeah , if they execute a innocent , and we have absolute , undeniable , in - your-face proof , we could demand abolition . just like happen in England . be you okay ? david ( come out of it ) sorry . yeah . he make a effort , play the " good listener . " constance but it have not happen , not since ' 76 . and will not happen . David nod . constance Dead man can not make a case . david and ' almost Martyrs ' do not count . constance just keep it rational . the death penalty be expensive and ineffective . no one want to see a murderer as a victim . david um-hum . constance and stop that . david what ? constance active listen . I hate active listener . make I feel like I be with a Dale Carnegie grad who care more about appear to listen than actually listen . do you bring the Amnesty fax ? david I can listen and appear to listen at the same time . yeah , no . damn , I leave it home . constance I have a copy . she look through she papers , find the copy in the stack beneath she coffee cup . she start to hand it to he . he be look out the window , catch in a think . constance you want to tell I what 's up . david nothing . everything . something profoundly stupid happen last night . constance ( teasing ) I hope you use a condom . a beat . his reaction tell she the jest hit home . constance Jesus Christ , David . be she one of yours ? a longer beat . he hold she eye . david it be Berlin . she 's stunne , then genuinely angry . constance oh , that 's great , great . I can hear the grapevine now . they suspend she so gale could dick she with a clear conscience . he look at he coffee , which he have not touch . constance a power differential equal coercion . great . you be so weak . david constance , you be not my wife . thank God . constance I know you can tell yourself it 's a position I aspire to , but believe I , I would rather ... she trail off . they stare at each other a beat . then , she start to collect the papers . david I do not mean -- constance let 's go . as she collect , she wince , grab she side . david be you okay ? constance yes , let 's just go . int . television studio - control booth - day two people sit in front of monitor display various angle on sound stage . the main monitor be play the end of the show 's signation . assistant director in three , two ... on SOUND stage a camera operator cue the host ( 5as , male , bow tie ) . the host be flanke by David and Governor hardin . the set have a upscale regional television look . the Governor have the rare ability to look comfortable while David fidget . host ( to camera ) welcome back to ' batter 's box . ' tonight we continue we very special four- part series with the Governor hardin . argue capital punishment with she be deathwatch coordinator , Professor David gale . Governor , you be up . governor hardin Alan , let I say something ' I always say . constance stand behind the camera . she motion to David -- something about the papers in front of he . governor hardin and I be gonna keep on sayin . ' and that be I hate killin . ' that 's why my administration be willing to kill to stop it . david so you do not subscribe to the idea that 'a good state be one that protect its most despise member ' ? governor hardin it 's a nice liberal idea , but like most nice liberal idea , naive . david it 's a quote from you , Governor , from you first state attorney campaign . constance be bite she lip , break into a smile . the Governor be unsure how to react , then laugh . the host chuckle with she . governor hardin you have get I , Professor . but let I , in my defense , give you a quote . Winston churchill : ' if you be not a liberal at twenty , you have get no heart , if you be still a liberal at thirty , you have get no brain . ' the host 's laughter be overdo . David smile . constance bite she lip . david so , basically you feel , to choose another quote , ' society must be cleanse of element which represent its own death . ' the Governor make a animated think face . governor hardin well , yes . I would have to agree . ( chuckle again ) do I say that , too ? david no , mar 'am . that be Hitler . constance make a " yes ! " gesture with she hand . the Governor be surprised into silence . the host laugh and , note she reaction , trail off . David become more confident , he tone more sincere . david Governor , can not we examine the possibility that capital punishment be not work . that murderer be not deterr by the law because they have about as much forethought as lemming . that it 's expensive , inequably administer , that ... David cut he eye briefly to constance . david ... that we may even be kill innocent . constance roll she eye . the Governor be ready for this . governor hardin all righty , Mr. gale , I will play you game . name one . name one innocent man Texas have put to death in my tenure . one . a beat . David do not respond . governor hardin name one in the last twenty year . in any state in this country . a long , miserable beat . host well , Mr. gale ? david Dead man can not make a case . governor hardin well , as my daddy use to say : if you can not find a problem , there probably be not one . constance shake she head in irritation . backstage - later the show be over . David and the Governor be shaking hand . constance stand nearby . governor hardin well , you certainly have I on that Hitler quote . david thank you , Governor . governor hardin this debate be awfully good for the state , do not you think ? david of course . governor hardin well , I have get to buzz . she move toward she handler . governor hardin you folk keep up the good work . we need that opposition . constance 's and David 's polite smile follow she . ext . television station - day constance and David argue as they walk the sidewalk to the parking lot . constance you exact word be , ' just tell I when my ego get in the way of the work . ' now I be tell you : you ego 's in the way of work . david ( indicate the station ) look , I want you to do this anyway . constance you put up precisely two second of protest at the think of a televise debate . david what 's that suppose to mean ? constance it mean deathwatch suffer because you be so anxious to finger authority , to publicly prove that David gale be so much fuck smarter than the power that be . learn to work without a audience . try squeezing money from the donor list . have you ever lick one single mail - out envelope ? they come to the end of the sidewalk , where two suit be stand -- one Hispanic , one white ( 30 ) . man # 2 ( suit ) Mr. gale ? david look , guy , there 's not much more to say -- man # 2 rameriz , Austin police . this be Officer haslinger . the officer show they id . constance take one to examine it more closely . david what , argue with the Governor be a crime ? the officer exchange a look . man # 3 ( suit ) no , sir , rape be . constance and David look at each other , stunne . overhead shot camera quickly crane up and rotate . dissolve to : white . dissolve to : int . ellis visitation area - overhead shot - day camera crane down and rotate , ending upright by bitsey as she listen to David . guard ( v.o. ) ( over the loudspeaker ) gale , time 's up . the speaker , loud as ever , startles bitsey . David nod over to the guard 's booth . david Berlin have my bite mark , bruise , rip clothing . my skin be beneath she nail . it do not look like anything but rape . two day later she call the d.a. , say she would not testify , too drunk to be sure , etc . on the plane home , Sharon read about she husband 's rape case be drop . bitsey why would she do it ? a guard approach . David stand up and move to the back of he cage , put he hand behind he and out the slot in the back to be handcuff . david ( shrug ) finger authority , show she be smarter than the power that be . bitsey do you know where I can find she ? david first year in here I receive a card postmark San Francisco . it be not sign , but I suspect it be from she -- the front have the text ' sex be power . ' cuffed , David stand aside for the cage door to be open . bitsey anything write on it ? david yeah . it say , ' I be sorrier than you can know . ' ( exite the cage ) see you tomorrow , Ms. Bloom . ext . motel six parking lot - night bitsey and Zack be walk from the kettle to they room . Zack be lighting a cigarette . the rain 's stop , but the lot be wet . bitsey try phone record , a net search . zack Fucking better than watch you work . they walk a beat in silence . zack you think he 's tell the truth ? bitsey do not ask I that . I do not know . there be no truth , only perspective . zack can not say that . if you say ' there be no truth , ' you be claim it 's true that there be no truth -- it 's a logical contradiction . bitsey work on we philosophy merit badge , Zack ? zack I , on the other hand , think gale 's tell the truth . they come to the stair and start up . bitsey this you know telepathically ? zack it 's just my perspective . in a dark corner of the parking lot sit the pickup from the rest area . the older cowboy watch bitsey and Zack climb the stair . on he stereo , puccini play . once they be in they room , he turn up the opera , close he eye , feel the music . int . rental car - day the car move through a older Austin suburb with wood frame house ( circa 1950 ) in vary state of repair . it 's a overcast day . Zack drive , slowly , search . bitsey have the passenger seat fully recline , lie with she eye close . superimpose : day two . zack thirty - three of what ? bitsey Seven . ( then ) ' check out the crime scene in Austin . ' you make it sound so close . shit , two and half hour and that damn lig -- zack bitsey . she look up . Zack be point at house 3307 , which need paint and a lawn mower . in front of the house be a homemade sign which read , " David gale death House and Museum " see where it happen ! " beneath be the open hour ( 12 - 8 ) ; someone have mark they out and scribble " ring bell . " they share a look . ext . porch of house 3307 - day bitsey ring the bell . Zack stomp out a cigarette , point out a wear " block Home " sign in the window , raise he eyebrow . as bitsey straighten she skirt , the door be open by a goth girl , probably not quite eighteen . she have jet-black hair , nose piercing , tattoo , a nine inch Nails T-shirt . metal music come from within . the goth girl just look at they . after a uncomfortable silence , bitsey extend she hand . bitsey hi. I be bitsey Bloom and this be Zack stemmon . we -- goth girl you want the tour ? her voice be slacker monotone . bitsey uh , yes . goth girl there 's a twenty - dollar mandatory donation , apiece . but you get a be - enactment photo packet . it 's get five picture . bitsey okay . a beat . goth girl I gotta collect first . bitsey oh , sure . bitsey reach in she bag . int . live room - day they enter . the room be dark , messy , with a old couch and tv / vcr . a kitchen be adjacent . the wall be full of goth bric -a-brac : London batcave poster , one from burton 's frankenweenie , a couple of fan-zine picture of siouxsie and the banshee . in one corner be a very expensive stereo , from which the cure play . in another , a dead plant . the goth girl turn the music down . a table near the door have numbered photo beneath a tear and curling sheet of plastic . small packet of snapshot sit on the table along with a few hand - label video and a book of clipping . there 's also a guest book . goth girl you gotta sign the book . do not have to be you real name , though . bitsey sign in . goth girl first page say you be here to do research on violent crime . the state require it for nonprofit shit . Zack sign in . goth girl take a re-enactment photo packet . bitsey do so . as do Zack . goth girl if you guy could share one , it would be really cool . the butt wipe where I do print kinda jerk my chain . Zack put he back . bitsey be look at a photo : the goth girl in she panty and bra lay on the floor with plastic wrap over she head . she 's handcuff and wear a platinum blonde wig . the pose be half - corpse , half - pinup . goth girl that 's I . my boyfriend take it . we also do a video . it 's fifty buck ' cause you can see my tit . there 's a version without tit , that 's thirty - five . Zack look at a video , hand - label : " constance harraway murder ( with breast ) ! copyright 1997 ! svengali production ! " bitsey do many people take the tour ? goth girl not so much anymore . we think this would be like a busy week -- gale gettin' the prune juice and all . prune juice be what death row dude call the poison , ' cause it give you the shit . most jerk just take a photo from the street . they shot a ' Real crime ' episode here , but the owner do not give we dick . zack you do not mind live here ? goth girl I be cool with ghoul . beat livin ' with my dickwad parent . it start over here . she take they to the coffee table . among she own thing , a dusty johnny Walker Black label bottle sit beside a tumbler ( a index card with the # 1 lean against it ) . the area have be outline on the table with white shoe polish . goth girl she let he crash here sometimes . he be like constantly waste . drank Black label religiously . bitsey and Zack exchange a look . the goth girl move into the kitchen . it 's cluttere and dirty except in the various area which at one point have be outline and index -- the card be all dirty . a slide glass door lead onto the patio . the backyard have not be mow in year ; roughly twenty pot with dead plant lie around . by the door , three small tape xs be on the floor , outline and index ( # 2 ) . goth girl this be where the tripod be . my boyfriend borrow the one we usually show folk . they never find a camera , photo , or video or anything . gale must have bury they . this serial killer dude take photo to whack off to later . zack he 's not exactly a serial killer . goth girl whatever . she move to the sink . on the linoleum , the position of constance 's body have be chalk - line ( # 3 ) . in this area be a pair of handcuffs ( # 4 ) . not far off be a roll of pack tape ( # 5 ) . a pair of latex kitchen glove be crumpled on the sink counter ( # 6 ) . goth girl she be like totally naked right here . the meter man see she through the door . gale handcuff she , tape she mouth , then tape a bag over she head so she could not breathe . my boyfriend say that 's probably when he fuck she . you muscle tense up when you die -- the sex be better . ( point ) he use that housewife glove so he would not leave print . they find sticky stuff from the tape on they . Zack pick up the glove . goth girl we ask folk not to touch the exhibit . zack right . he put they back . goth girl the totally sick part be where they find the key -- bitsey we know , you can save that . zack what ? where be it ? goth girl it be in she stomach , dude . he make she swallow it before he bag she . a beat . Zack 's shocked . goth girl that 's pretty much the highlight . get question ? int . rental car - day bitsey drive . they be on the two -lane highway to huntsville . Zack smoke out the window . bitsey it be in the case file . zack fuck , in she stomach ? that 's colder than Wisconsin . bitsey ( look in the rearview mirror ) Zack , open you vanity . zack what ? bitsey the vanity mirror , pull it down . he do so . bitsey see that truck behind we ? zack yeah . bitsey be not that the cowboy from the rest area ? they look in they respective mirror . some distance behind they be the older cowboy in he pickup . zack same truck . bitsey weird coincidence , huh ? zack ( turn ) coincidence be always weird , that 's why they be coincidence . int . ellis visitation area - day bitsey sit in front of David . he 's less animated than the day before , drain . he rub he wrist . they be speak in hushed tone . a beat . david off-the-record ? bitsey alright , we be off . david constance be murder with what 's call the securitat method . you be hand - cuffed , force to swallow the key , tape at the mouth , a bag 's seal over you head and you be leave to suffocate . the securitat do this to romanian who would not inform or confess . sometimes the bag be rip off at the last second , you get a second chance . if not , you die know the ' key ' to you freedom be inside you the whole time . a cheap- but-effective metonym . Problem be I mention the method in a early article . the prosecution never know . bitsey you be tell I someone 's frame you ? david it 's more than that . david there be a tripod . bitsey right , face she body . be we on ? david ( nod agreement ) not a single print be find on it . someone bring it , wipe it , leave it . why ? it 's as if they want I to know that somewhere there 's a record of what really happen that afternoon . as if they want I to die know the key to my freedom be ... out there . bitsey maybe you be be paranoid ? david Ms. Bloom . I be a anti-death row activist on death row . do not that strike you as odd ? a beat . she nod . bitsey any idea who ' they ' be ? david no . a beat . david but I have someone on it , someone I be hope will one day find a answer . bitsey belyeu 's hire a detective ? he shake he head . david a journalist . it take bitsey a second to understand . David smile . david ( mimick belyeu ) ' she 's a smart one . ' accelerate rotating zoom out to long shot . dissolve to : white . dissolve to : int . u.t hallway - long shot - day accelerate rotating zoom in . David and constance stand by the double door . he 's concentrate ; she 's bite she lip . they be look onto a large parking lot . the lot be practically empty except for Sharon and chase , who stand near they Jeep . it 's pack with various household item , thing not entrust to mover . constance I will drop by you office after . he nod and go out . ext . U.T. parking lot - day as David approach they , chase run to they -- still carry cloud Dog . he jump on he dad . chase wear I like a fur , daddy ! wear I like a fur ! as he walk , David drape the boy sideways over he shoulder ( like a fur ) . chase squeal with pleasure . david who 's you hero ? chase bonk he on the nose . David set chase down when he reach he wife . he kiss he goodbye as the boy struggle to move on to something else . a long beat as David and he wife stand uncomfortably . david call I when you get to Boston ? sharon ( wife ) yeah . a beat . david I wish you -- sharon do not . she turn and walk to the Jeep . the door 's open . sharon chase , get in , sweetie . chase climb in , sit in the driver 's seat . chase ( turn to he dad ) see ya later , alli-gator . david after awhile , crocodile . chase take it easy , japa-ne-se . david okey -dokey , artichokey . sharon ( to chase ) scoot . chase scoot over to the passenger seat . Sharon get in the driver 's seat . sharon I send you a e-mail . david okay ? sharon just read it . she close the door . suddenly , chase open the passenger side door , run around the Jeep carry cloud Dog . he run to he dad , hug he one last time . sharon ( crack she window ) come on , chase . chase start to go back , turn and hand David he cloud Dog without comment . he then quickly run back around the Jeep and get in . David watch they drive away . chase 's hand wave out the window until they be out of the parking lot . insert - computer screen with a e-mail message : " David , I want a divorce . I be sorry to say it so plainly , but that 's how I feel it . I do not need time to think , this whole ' rape ' thing have only force ... " int . david be U.T. office - day David sit in front of he computer , stare into space . the office be institutional , cramped . book line the wall , fill the desk . there 's a frame poster ( Warhol -style ) of socrate . he reach into he desk for a bottle of Black Bush and fill he glass . there 's a knock on the door . constance enter . constance you could at least hide the bottle . David close the e-mail . she collapse in the chair opposite he desk , exhaust . david well ? constance officially , you be on sabbatical . unofficially , they want you to look for another position . it be four to two . a beat as he absorb the information . david how do Ross vote ? constance you be not supp ... against you . David nod . david and you ? constance against my politics . David mouth a " thank you . " ext . gale house - day a century 21 real estate agent be put a " for sale " sign in the front yard . int . upscale restaurant - day David be have lunch with a ivy league - looking male in he fifty . only water and bread be on the table . david so , I want to get you feedback on the idea . the ivy leaguer vigorously butter he bread . ivy leaguer look , Professor gale , I could sit here , as I be sure other have , and plead departmental cutback . Claim you need more publication , or I need a minority , whatever . all bull - geschichte . you record 's brilliant . you be a original voice worth -- in the scarcity - define - value capitalist system under which we toil -- you weight in gold . Hell , it 's not even the alcohol . it would be nice to have faculty whose crutch be not prozac . but , to speak plainly , if I hire you , in the eye of the regent , alumnus and every freshman with a ear for gossip , I would be hire a rapist . he take a bite of bread . ivy leaguer you be not politically correct , Dr. gale . welcome to the club . ext . / int . david' apartment - day David stand on the balcony of a sparsely - furnish 420 - a - month apartment . book be stack everywhere . a interstate run nearby . he hold a phone , look down in the pool area . david' Pov a horribly - tan man in he seventies ( wear a speedo ) attempt to do tai chi . chase ( v.o. ) ( on he mom 's answer machine ) we be not home . please , tell we a message . sharon ( v.o. ) ( cue he in the b.g . ) at the beep . chase ( v.o. ) at the peep . on david David let the phone beep , just stare down at the man , say nothing . ext . apartment complex parking lot - day as David get out of he volvo , a sorority pledge ( funny clothes , Greek letter on she cheek ) quickly approach . she take he picture with a Polaroid camera . she run to a wait convertible , where two other girl sit . sorority pledge I get it ! I get it ! she jump in the car and they speed away . int . high -rise office - day the office be Philip Stark chic with large window wall -- Austin stretch into the distance . David sit on a sofa across from a exceedingly attractive woman ( early 40s ) . attractive woman what exactly attract you to the bond market ? he 's stare into space . attractive woman Mr. gale ? he look at she . she force a strain smile . int . david' apartment - night Dark . David lie on the floor , he head propped against a wall . he 's in he underwear and drink from a Black Bush bottle . the phone 's beside he ear and chase 's message on he wife 's machine tweak out of the receiver speaker . after the beep , David hang up , get a dial tone , and punch be - dial . the message start again . after the beep , he hang up , get a dial tone , and punch re-dial . int . SMALL office - day David be in the office of a overdress yuppie black man ( early 20 ) . David be do he active listen thing . yuppie man ( over-articulating ) now , Mr. gale , I want you to tell I three personal quality you have that would make you a successful Radio shack manager . ext . golf course - day David and belyeu approach a ball fifty foot from the green . belyeu because divorce proceedings do not require she presence in the country . for a custody hearin' , yeah , she will have to return . David choose a club . belyeu but without successful completion of a alcohol treatment program , you will be lucky to get the odd thanksgivin ' . David walk to the ball . david so my chance of get partial custody be not good ? belyeu roughly the same as you sinkin ' that from here . David look at he , then concentrate on the ball -- suddenly it have meaning . he swing . the ball land in a water trap . int . picturesque mountain road - day David 's volvo wind up the road , enter through a gate . a sign beside the gate : " the go lightly : a recovery Clinic . " fade to : black . fade in : ext . constance's house ( 3307 ) - day it 's a beautiful day . the house look much different than in the goth girl 's care -- flower bed , well - manicure lawn , fresh paint . the " block Home " sign be in the window . David 's volvo pull up in front . int . / ext . constance's front hallway - day constance open the door for David . he 's wear a short sleeve Radio shack shirt and tie . she 's take aback . look at he a beat , bite she lip , suppress a laugh . constance I be sorry . he play hurt , then they both burst out laugh . long shot - constance and david she hug he as they laugh on the porch . int . constance's live room - day the live room be now Laura Ashley cozy . the slide door be open so the room 's sunny , breezy . constance lead David in . she look tired but be animated , a bit too much so . her hair be different . constance you look good . david I feel ... wash . she smile at he maternally , touch he face . they hug again . constance ( lightly , in he arm ) I need you . death watch need you , now more than ever . david nothing like I need you , both . you be all I have . constance look . she move from he , take a photo from a case file on she kitchen table . constance jo Ann Johnson 's be re-schedule . insert - photo of a young black woman -- pleasant , timid . back on scene constance I have get a call with hawkins tonight , and if national will commit emergency fund ... she lift a small plant , move to the porch . david jo Ann will be commute and you will only prove the system work . he notice she have bruise on she arm . constance but I will save a life . david ( refer to the bruise ) where would you get that ? constance spring clean . ext . constance's porch constance she go up at 18 , she 's 26 now . she set the plant down among other . at the very back of the yard , the older cowboy spade in a vegetable garden . david ( call to the cowboy ) hey ! she ever not make you work when you come by ? older cowboy ( raise he spade in greeting ) mornin ' , David . david ( turn to constance ) what 's she story ? constance I really want we to get behind this one . she 's articul -- david constance , who do she kill ? constance look at he a beat , sigh . constance a cop . david she admit to it ? contance sheepishly nod . david you be a crazy woman . not you medium grade think - she 's - teddy Roosevelt 's - bathrobe , but stark - rave - loose - screw - in- the-belfry insane . constance you be mixing metaphor . david a real danger to flora and fauna . constance be we gonna do this ? david ( the smile ) and how . he kiss she on the forehead -- he 's surprised . david you be burn up . ext . starbucks - night David exit the store carry four large coffee in a cup - container , try to sip one without spilling the other . he 's still wear the Radio shack shirt , seem happier . in the parking lot , a hip high schooler jump out of he camero and move toward the store . as David come in front of the car , he see he former baby - sitter sit in the passenger seat . they eye meet . he smile . she smile back , wave . as he pass , he hear the girl hit the car 's automatic door - lock button . int . office of deathwatch ( austin ) - night David enter carry the coffee . the matron sit on a desk lick envelope . the college guy be on the floor beneath a desk rewiring a computer terminal . college guy ( call from beneath a desk ) howdy , Mr. gale . david hello , folk . David go to the matron , give she cup and three sweet &amp ; low . matron hello . my , this be service . thank you . david gladly . he take one of the unseal envelope from she stack , then put a cup beside the leg of the College guy . david latte on you leave , partner . David make he way to the back office . the College guy give the matron a look -- they be surprised , pleased . int . back office - day constance sit at a spartan desk . nothing be on the wall , though a window open onto the alley behind . she 's talk on the speaker phone with the deathwatch national director -- a social gather be go on behind he . director ( v.o. ) ... and see what kind of resource the religious group can deliver . David come through the door . she wave he in . constance I be sure we can get some pulpit time , maybe cable . he set she coffee in front of she . then sit across from she . director ( v.o. ) cable 's good . listen , I need to run . for now , I agree the first press release should focus on the woman 's youth . David hold up the envelope for constance to see , then animatedly lick and seal it . he then , literally , pat himself on the back . director ( v.o. ) I will have the Washington people look into counsel competency , though I be almost sure she 's exhaust this issue on appeal . she smile at he , shake she head . constance ( to the phone ) John , David 's go to -- director ( v.o. ) oh , I almost forget . he 's not around , be he ? constance hesitates , look at David . he shake he head no . constance no . director ( v.o. ) good , keep it that way . his relationship to deathwatch be over , terminate . last thing we need be this rape thing come back to bite we butt . constance be not sure how to react . David just stare at she . director ( v.o. ) this guy do not stay on the wagon for very long . David stand up and leave the room , quickly . his coffee spill . constance can only watch . director ( v.o. ) I be serious , constance . Ban he from the premise . I realize you two ... ext . deathwatch office ( austin ) - night constance come anxiously out the front door . constance's Pov David 's volvo pull out of the parking lot . back to scene she stand watch it drive away , breathe heavily . she wince , grab she stomach , vomit on the sidewalk . ext . austin STREET - night the volvo be park on a seedy southside street . David stand at a phone booth and dial a long -distance number and a call code . he wait , impatiently , look across the street : there 's a liquor store . closeup - receiver at he ear , chase 's message begins . back on david he speak into the phone after the beep . david Sharon , pick up . for once just pick up the goddamn phone ! if you keep he in Spain , I will ... I be begging you . he 's my son ! please ! please .... please . David start to put the receiver back , then suddenly start smash it against the phone 's body ; he smashes it long after there be anything leave to destroy , long after he hand bleed . ext . constance's house ( 3307 ) - next day constance walk with car key and a large stack of mail toward she front porch . she look like she have not sleep in week . David be sit on the porch beneath the block Home sign , hold cloud Dog . he wear the Yale sweatshirt , the Radio shack shirt be wrap around he injure hand . he 's sloppy drunk . david we be seek refuse , refuge , uge . constance come on , come inside . she open the door as he stand . david we fall off we wagon . int . constance's live room - day David enter rambling , stand lean against the back of the couch , hold the sheep . david know why Saint Jude be the patron saint of lose cause ? ' Cause he real name be juda . there be two judase , judai , the saint guy and the bad juda who ratted on Jesus , and try to kiss he . medievalers would not pray to good juda for fear of get bad juda on the line by mistake . ergo , they only give he business when really desperate . that 's why . then they change he name . she 's not in the room . david constance ? he look back toward the entry hall . a small flyer lightly blow along the floor into the live room . david you mail 's blow . he look in the entry hall . entry hall constance lie unconscious on the floor near the open door . the mail be scattered about she . int . hospital waiting room - day David sleep in a chair , on the floor beside he be a stack of vend - machine coffee cup . a typical hospital intercom can be hear throughout the scene . a female doctor ( mid-30s ) sit beside he , lightly shake he shoulder . he wake , groggy . doctor how we do ? david fine. how 's constance ? doctor sleep . a beat as he collect himself , sit up . doctor Mr. gale , a leukemia patient 's condition be highly susceptible to external stress . while we do not want to totally restrict constance 's life -- david what ? doctor constance 's illness require a degree of regularity . david constance have leukemia ? doctor acute . she be diagnose last fall . a beat as the situation clarifies for both of they . David be stunne , the doctor embarrassed . doctor have I create a problem ? david no , no . they sit in silence . the hospital intercom seem to say : guard ( v.o. ) gale , time 's up . closeup - david camera slowly rotate . dissolve to : white . dissolve to : int . ellis visitation area - closeup - bitsey - day camera slowly rotate . bitsey stare at David , engross . david when I ask why she have not tell I , she muttere , ' too busy . ' I guess she figure as long as death be chase she , she could help other escape . he stand , go to the back of the cage to be handcuff . david constance leave the world better than she find it . ( beat ) it 's a small , difficult thing . ext . ellis unit parking lot - day the rental car sit in a corner of the mostly empty lot , as far as possible from the razor - wire fence and exercise pen . int . rental car - day Zack wait in the driver 's seat , smoking . he look nervously through the windshield toward the pen . bitsey rap on the window , startling he . zack fuck . Zack unlock the door , throw he cigarette out . bitsey open the door and get in . zack hey . bitsey ( wave she hand at the smoke ) for God 's sake , Zack . zack you be not a happy camper . bitsey it 's not a happy place . he start the car . zack talk to the Austin prosecutor . belyeu 's a yokel . prosecutor say he fuck up the penalty phase , say gale probably would have get life on mitigating factor . gale stick with he , though , all through appeal , despite major pro bono offer . bitsey what else ? zack notta on Berlin , we pick up the money in Houston tonight , overheat light come on twice , and you be about to get a surprise . bitsey I do not want a surprise . zack ( point ahead ) too late . ext . ellis unit drive guardhouse - day the guardhouse be now occupy . the crossing guard be down . across the drive sit a Texas highway patrol car . all along the drive 's leave side , protest vehicle be park in the grass . they stretch out to the two -lane highway , where another highway patrol car be station . the drive 's right side be also mark off , though the only vehicle on this side be a Houston tv news truck . six people in ponchos discuss something in the middle of the drive . the rental car enter the frame . int . rental car bitsey and Zack approach the guardhouse . zack this be mostly a Oklahoma caravan . I get stick behind they on the way in . the guardhouse attendant look in , wave they through as the crossing guard lift . zack execution 's not for another 36 hour . it 's gonna be a zoo . there 's the p.r. guy . stand among the six people in ponchos be Duke grover . they pass he in slow motion . he see they , smile , make a " hello " shoot - gesture . bitsey what a life , wait around for someone to die . zack fuck , look . the next - to-last vehicle on the leave be the older cowboy 's pickup . he sit inside talk with another man . the older cowboy see they , touch he hat as they pass . bitsey this be a little too coincidental . ext . two - lane highway - day the rental car pass a farmhouse . int . rental car bitsey and Zack be head to huntsville . zack ' Cause I could not see the license plate . bitsey forget it . what time be it ? zack 6:05 . why do not you have a watch ? bitsey it 's a long story . ext . two - lane highway - day the rental car pass a black teenager hitchhike in front of a abandon vegetable stand . ext . motel six gangway - day bitsey and Zack make they way to they room . Zack 's be first . bitsey give I a hour . int . zack motel six room - day Zack unlock he door , enter . the room 's a mess , papers everywhere . he walk toward a portable computer sit on the room desk . bitsey Zack ! Zack run from the room . ext . motel six gangway - day Zack run towards bitsey . she stand outside she room . zack what !? bitsey it 's open . zack so ? maybe the may forget . bitsey ( point ) look ! as he come to she door , he see what she 's indicate : between the door and its frame , someone have stick a roll of duct tape . int . bitsey' motel six room - day bitsey push the door open , look in and around . she see something , enter . Zack enter behind she , see what she see . zack I will check the bathroom . he go . she approach the middle of the room . the room , in contrast to Zack 's , be perfectly neat . it have two twin bed . the nightstand have be move to the center . on it be a lamp , turn on . suspend just above the lamp , a vhs cartridge hang from the ceiling by fishing line . bitsey' bathroom Zack check behind the shower curtain . zack clear in here ! do not touch it ! back in bedroom as Zack enter , he see bitsey hold the vhs cassette . zack fuck , bitsey , there could have be print . bitsey look . she hold up the cassette . it have a label type from a old typewriter : " for bitsey Bloom . " ext . motel six reception - dusk Zack run out the front door carry a vcr , the cable drag the ground behind he . he run toward the room . int . bitsey' motel room - dusk bitsey unlock the door , let Zack in . zack she say no one ask for you . and all the room key be different . he go to the tv . zack just she and she husband have master . bitsey what do you tell she ? zack that you have a jealous boyfriend . he start to hook up the vcr . bitsey thanks . how about the v.c.r .? zack she do not ask . I think she assume it have something to do with why he be jealous . I still say we should do this in my room -- this one 's a fuck crime scene . bitsey whoever get in here -- without a key in broad daylight -- be probably smart enough not to leave print . I have the remote . he turn on the tv . zack maybe they could look for d.n.a . try three . bitsey ( hit the remote ) they do not look for d.n.a. when someone break in to deliver , Zack . here . she hand he the tape . he start to put it in , hesitates , look back at she . zack you sure you want to see what 's on here ? bitsey no. start it . he put it in , push play . she sit on the bed . he sit beside she . they watch the black leader appear . bitsey I hope this be not what I think it be . closeup - tv a image flicker in . it 's a woman lie nude on the kitchen floor of house 3307 , face away from the camera . a opaque white kitchen bag be over she head , seal at the neck with duct tape . her hand be handcuff behind she . she appear dead . bitsey ( o.s. ) God , no . zack ( o.s. ) fuck . be it she ? bitsey ( o.s. ) turn it up . back to scene they stare at the screen , she bite a thumbnail . he turn the sound up . int . house 3307 - kitchen - day ( on tv ) hi -8 video : the woman do not move . the kitchen be cleaner than we have see it , but otherwise unchange . Kitchen glove can be see -- laid upside down and inside out -- on the dish rack beside the sink . near the body on the floor be a roll of duct tape . in the lower right corner of the screen be part of what look like a towel . the audio be full of atmospheric hum . a refrigerator contribute . bird can barely be hear in the distance , so can what sound like a lawn mower . suddenly , the woman make a muffle sound , seem to come to life . her wrist start to pull against the handcuffs , then jerk at they . she panic . he leg flail , kick against the counter . she scream , muffle , frantic . she roll onto she stomach , she whole body fight against the cuff . she desperately rub she face along the linoleum try to rip the plastic . soon , she energy wane , she jerk less . her cover face now point toward the camera . her head seem to rock , a sleepy nod . her body go slack . Black . ext . motel six gangway - dusk bitsey stand at the railing , look out at the interstate and a thunderstorm gather on the horizon . after a few second , Zack come up beside she . zack belyeu say to bring the tape first thing tomorrow . also say you be right about not call the police . a beat , she keep look straight on . zack be you gonna be okay ? bitsey take a deep breath , turn to he , hold he eye . she shake she head no . her lip start to tremble . he put he arm around she as she start to cry . int . kettle restaurant - night bitsey and Zack sit at a booth have coffee . Zack smoke . the vhs cassette be also between they , as be a small stack of crumpled tissue . the thunderstorm can be hear in the distance . the waitress be refilling they cup , and they wait until she leave . hushed tone . zack let 's say gale 's right . some sick - fuck - agatha Christie - wannabe set he up , arrange like the perfect murder . why send a magazine journalist proof a few hour before he 's win ? do not make sense . bitsey no , it 's perfect . he know News Magazine will not give the scoop to the daily or nightly news , not after have pay for it . probably guess we would not call the cop . and , most importantly , know I will tell gale tomorrow . zack why do he give a shit ? bitsey Zack , what if harraway 's murder be just a mean to get gale . I mean send he through hell , a sick cat and mouse game . you kill the one person he have leave . make sure he sit six year on death row for the murder -- a place he 's make a public career of loathing . and then just let he die , die know everyone will remember he with disgust . you destroy he love one , he life 's work , he memory -- and you make he watch . zack that 's a lot of hate . you be talk beyond sadism . bitsey gesture to the tape , make a need - I - say-more face . zack then why release it ? bitsey if the mouse die the game 's over . maybe the cat 's enjoy himself . or ... zack or ? bitsey ( pick up the tape ) imagine walk to the chamber know this exist . zack the ' cat ' be a fuck psychopath . bitsey yeah , but smart . ext . motel six - night the storm batter the motel . we see bitsey 's dark front window . lightn . a figure stand look out . more lightning . it 's bitsey , intently watch the night . int . rental car - day superimpose : day three on the back seat be a aluminum suitcase . Zack sit beside it look out the back window . bitsey drive . it 's still raining , hard . they be on the two -lane highway to Austin . zack why do they call it check - book journalism if we always pay cash ? close on dash the over-heat light be on . back to scene zack woa , woa . sadist at six o'clock ! bitsey be it the truck ? zack Pov the cowboy 's truck can be see through the tire mist fifty yard behind they . zack yep , and do a lousy job of hide . bitsey watch in the rearview mirror . Zack out the back window . zack he must think we be idiot . you think he 's we fuck - up feline ? bitsey do not respond , just watch in the mirror , then : bitsey be he gain ? zack no. just sit back there . bitsey can you see the license ? zack too much mist . what the fuck do this guy want ? int . law office of benjamin belyeu - day the office have a view of the rain -soak capital . expensively decorate . Dark wood and deep carpet -- belyeu 's practice be clearly thriving . a sharp - look clerk sit at a corner table count money from the aluminum suitcase . bitsey sit on a huge sofa . belyeu stand just outside he door . belyeu ( o.s. ) Fine . oh , and bring in miss Bloom 's original when that 's do . ( enter , to bitsey ) do not blame you for not watch that twice . he go to he desk and start sifting through papers . bitsey I could not sleep afterwards . belyeu I understand . I generally tell folk I be no more afraid of the grim reaper than I be of a presbyterian on mother 's Day . but watch you tape ... well . I have to keep tellin ' myself ' that 's not constance ' just to get through . ( a beat ) unfortunately , other may argue the same . bitsey yeah , but it 's she kitchen , in she house . belyeu currently home to weirdos Incorporated . arguably , that tape could have be make by anybody with twenty dollar and a tolerance for vulgarity . bitsey but it will at least get we a postponement ? belyeu I hope so , miss Bloom , I certainly hope so . but you have get to remember that there 's a machine a runnin ' . and come six o'clock tomorrow mornin ' that machine want to be feed . the clerk put the last of the money back into the suitcase . clerk all here , Mr. belyeu . belyeu ( to the clerk ) thank you , joshua . ( to bitsey ) to add to we trouble , you own credibility may come into question . the clerk exit . bitsey why ? belyeu you have be fraternizin ' with the condemn . in the court 's eye , he 's the most likely candidate to have put you onto the tape . he 's a persuasive man , you be a out - of-state woman -- it do not look good on paper . bitsey but someone put it in my hotel room . belyeu a fact for which we have no evidence . a very professional - look assistant enter , hand bitsey she video . belyeu thank you , bobbi . bitsey thanks . belyeu ( stand ) well , let 's not start readin ' kafka just yet . could we find a sympathetic judge . I will file within the hour . you headin ' back over to Ellis ? bitsey ( stand ) yeah . belyeu Fine . I will call over at the motel later and give you a update . int . office hallway - day bitsey come out of two huge oak door , walk past a gold " belyeu and crane " sign . she turn a corner . at the end of another short hall , she come to the elevator , push the call button . as she wait , she look out a adjacent window at the capital in the rain . she remember something , look down -- she have she purse but no umbrella . bitsey shit . she head back toward belyeu 's office . as she turn the corner , she see the older cowboy enter the belyeu and crane office . ext . austin office build - day bitsey hurry umbrella-less through the rain to the rental car park in the load zone . int . rental car - day bitsey open the door . Zack 's in the passenger seat . she do not bother to sit . bitsey do you see the cowboy go in ? zack he go in belyeu 's building ? bitsey into he office . just see he . zack fuck ! bitsey follow he . find out who he be , where he life -- what he -- zack how be you gonna get to Ellis ? bitsey a taxi . Zack make a face . ext . ellis unit drive - day a taxi make its way through the hundred of protester and press that now gather along the drive . int . ellis visitation area - day bitsey , wet and hugging herself , pace in front of David . she 's upset . david okay , okay . calm down . you have to sit . over the loudspeaker : guard ( v.o. ) Visitors need to stay seat . she sit . david ( to the microphone above ) sorry . ( to bitsey ) look at I . he 's not you man . his name be dusty wright , deathwatch director before constance . he 's a ' bullhorner , ' a zealot who think a good demonstration have to end in a riot and arrest . ' almost martyr do not mean shit . ' they fire he . constance keep he in the organization , and he love she for it . the man adore she . bitsey then why be he follow we ? why be he at belyeu and crane ? david he and benny use to work a.c.l.u. case together , until dusty punch a clansman in a federal court . benny sometimes still give he work , probably have he follow you . bitsey why ? a beat . David look up at the microphone . david to make sure you honore you agreement , one for which there 's no contract . bitsey he would have say something . david he 's a lawyer , Ms. Bloom . bitsey maybe dusty be jealous because you be see constance . david I be not ' see ' constance . bitsey she die ... she have you sperm -- david it 's more complicated than that . two shot rotates . dissolve to : white . dissolve to : ext . alley - mo . shot - david - sunrise ( rotating camera ) David sit in a lawn chair beside he volvo . the tailgate 's down , serve as a makeshift table for a coffee thermos and whiskey bottle . David stare off down the alley , clearly in pain . he hold a child 's draw . insert - drawing have gaudi 's church and a matador in background . prominent in the foreground be three label figure : Sharon ( " mommy " ) , chase ( " I " ) and a dark -haire man ( " papa jorge " ) . jorge be dress in a tux , Sharon seem to wear a bridal gown . int . deathwatch austin office - sunrise ( 6:09 ) the atmosphere be tense . dusty wright sit on a deskhold a red Magic marker , the matron sit behind it . they look at the college guy , who closely watch a computer screen . in the center of the room , a middle - age priest sit and quietly pray while hold the hand of a overweight woman , she murmur quiet affirmation . finally , the college guy look up at dusty , nod . the room 's occupant all exchange glance . dusty walk to the photo wall , mark a cross through the photo of jo Ann Johnson , then walk to the back office . int . back office - sunrise constance , wrap in a afghan , sleep on a futon . she 's shockingly anemic . dusty kneel beside she , watch she sleep . after a beat , she wake with a slight jolt -- like someone whose be fight to stay awake . she look at he , then see the marker in he hand . she look away . constance all I can feel be envy . dusty stand , go to the alley window . dusty' Pov David 's volvo be park just outside the window . David sit in a lawn chair behind it . David look awful . ext . alley - sunrise in the window , dusty hold up the marker . David nod . ext . house 3307 - constance's back yard - dusk David sit on the porch hold a drink , a bottle of Black Bush in the chair beside he . he 's stare at nothing . constance come out the open slide glass door , wear a turtleneck sweater and wrap in she afghan . she go to the chair beside he , pick up the bottle and sit . they silently survey the yard , the sunset . she hug the bottle , he sip he drink . constance remember that kubler - Ross stage , the one the die go through ? david denial , anger , bargain , depression , and acceptance . where be you ? constance denial . david denial 's my personal favorite . constance the whole idea of there be a process make I tired . I be not up to the job of dying person . marveling at blade of grass . lecture stranger to relish every moment . david mend bridge . constance mend bridge . confess regret . uuuggh . david no regret ? constance nope . a beat . constance take that back . I wish I have a child . david I , too . constance I be sorry , David . she reach over and put she hand on he arm . constance I guess I just wish I would have risk more . she have the bottle in she other hand , look at it , take a swig . constance ( make a face , swallow hard ) uumm , also not enough sex . should have have more sex . she put the bottle down beside she chair . david how much ... how many lover have you have ? constance include college ? david include college . her hand ( on he arm ) hold up four finger . david well , it 's ... not every ... yeah , you should have have more sex . she laugh , cough . he laugh . they laughter trail off into the yard . he take she hand in he . constance you work hard not to be see as a sex object . before long , you be not see at all . david I see you . they be hold hand in the air , they elbow on the chair ' armrest . david want to make it five ? finish the hand ? constance a pity lay . no thanks . a beat . they watch they finger lightly play with one another . david it would not be pity . they turn , they eye meet , hold . int . constance's bedroom - night constance and David be in bed make love . he 's on top , one hand support she head , the other stroke she face . they tenderly kiss . he start move , gently . david be you okay ? constance do not worry . he kiss she neck . constance it 's good . move up to she ear . constance talk to I . let I hear you voice . david ( in she ear ) I be here . happy . I be very happy . he kiss she mouth , move against she in delicate rhythm . her moan take on a teary edge . they voice , breathless whisper , meld into one another . constance hold I tight . david I be here . constance tight ... I be scared . david it 's okay . she 's begin to cry . david okay . he stop move , kiss she tear . constance do not stop . stay in I . please stay in I . he move again , slowly . david shhh . I be stay . constance I need to feel you inside . david it 's okay . I be inside . I be not pull out . constance I be so tired . david I know , I know . constance tire of be afraid . david shhh . constance help I . david I be here . it 's okay . constance help I . please . make it stop . david shhh . I be here . I be here . ext . constance's house ( 3307 ) - night the house be dark . a light in one of the room come on . int . constance's bedroom - day she 's awake as David enter . he open the curtain , set a glass of water beside bottle on the nightstand . he crawl on top of the cover , spoon she , nuzzle the back of she head . constance how do you feel about last night ? david rescued . you ? constance like I have a reason to get out of bed . ironic , huh ? ext . convenience store parking lot - day David go to the pay phone against the building . int . constance's bathroom - day constance stand in a bathrobe beside she shower . turn the water on . she 's catch in a think , bite she lip . she turn the water off . ext . apartment pool area - day David sit in a lounger speak to someone on he right . he 's sober . david let 's say they move back from Spain , that I somehow get my one weekend a month . would it matter ? by high school , I would be he weak spot , the focus of locker room jab , embarrassed pride . in college there would be late - night angst : ' what if I turn out like the old man ? ' holiday would be force smile and unschedule exit . I mean , what girl come home with you if there 's talk that pop be a rapist ? a beat . david I can not stand the idea of be he model of failure . without he , I drink . to cover the hole . to prove to myself he 's better off without I . camera pull back to reveal dusty wright sit in the lounger beside he . int . constance's kitchen - day constance , still in she robe , put a armful of sheet in the wash machine . she feel faint . ext . former gale house - back yard - day David sit in a swing set , rock slowly . he 's simply look at the house . a yuppie woman open the back door . david ( stand ) sorry , just leave . int . constance's live room - day constance be quickly sorting through a box of memorabilia , a photo catch she attention . insert - photo constance on vacation in a Caribbean resort . she sit alone at a dinner table , look to camera , seem surprised to be photograph . back on scene as constance contemplate the photo , she hear the doorbell ring . ext . lawn - from above - day we see David lie in the grass of recently - cut lawn . int . david be volvo - dusk David in the car in a mall parking lot , stare at nothing . on the seat beside he be cloud Dog and a half empty Black Bush bottle . int . david be volvo - night David 's asleep , use cloud Dog as a pillow . the bottle be empty . a light flash in on he , waking he . there 's a knock on the window -- it 's the police . he 's blind by the flashlight . policeman rotating camera . the policeman hold the light . policeman ( v.o. ) ( a loudspeaker voice ) gale , time 's up . dissolve to : white . dissolve to : int . ellis visitation area - bitsey and david - day rotating camera . bitsey 's agitate . David 's drain . bitsey but there have to be someone . someone with a motive , who know you both . someone who visit that morning . david if I could answer ... we would not be have this conversation . it 's why I need you , why I choose you . you have my story , now ... ( mimick she delivery ) ' go . ' bitsey there 's not enough time . the guard approach . david you will find time . bitsey you know that 's not what I mean . you should have do this earlier . david you be not here to save I . you be here to save my son 's memory of he father -- that 's all I want . a beat . bitsey you be go to let they kill you . David move to the back of the cage to be handcuff . david we live to stop death . eat , invent , loving , praying , fight , kill -- choose a verb . all to stall this evil , job 's ' king of terror . ' but what do we really know about it ? nobody come back . there 's a point , when you mind out - life its obsession , when you habit survive you dream , when you loss ... you wonder , maybe death be a gift . all I know be that by this time tomorrow , I will be better off . what I do not know be why . ( exit the cage ) Goodbye , bitsey . the guard escort he away . when he 's out of earshot : bitsey ( softly ) Goodbye , David . ext . ellis unit drive guardhouse - day a guard hang up a phone and lean out the door . guard car 's on its way . wanna wait in here ? bitsey stand in the rain . behind she , hundred of protester flank the drive . bitsey no thanks . she turn and walk toward the highway . the parade tape have be replace with crowd barrier . the drive 's leave side now overflow with abolitionist : they cluster beneath tarp , some sing hymn , other paint sign ( " do not kill with my tax ! " , " Mark 6:10 , " " murder do not stop murder ! " ) . beneath one umbrella stand a large black woman hold a candle -- she watch bitsey . the right side be a media circus . various pro-death penalty activist also cluster here . they too have prepare sign : " rape and suffocate him ! " , " thank Jesus for justice , " " ' let 's do it ' . " a blackboard keep a countdown : " 13 hour . " at the end of the drive , on the leave , bitsey see a sign lean against a camper : " save David gale . " it catch rain ; its letter run . int . kettle restaurant - night the restaurant 's crowded . a Church of Christ couple ( 5as ) eat without comment . the man 's T-shirt read , " it 's simple : you kill , you get kill . " in the booth beside they sit bitsey and Zack , they dinner largely untouched . bitsey watch three sleazy journalist at a table not far from theirs . journalist # 1 I get it . I get it . you could have corporate sponsor . volkswagen for Bundy , Home Depot for gacy . and ' the David gale execution , bring to you by ... ' journalist # 2 ' ... hefty . ' they find this hilarious . bitsey look away . bitsey what time be it ? zack ( check he watch ) nine hour , 52 minute . a beat . ext . motel six parking lot - night pour rain . as bitsey and Zack hurry toward they room , they see belyeu get out of he cadillac . he carry bitsey 's umbrella and open he own . bitsey belyeu ! he turn , come toward they . bitsey hold a newspaper over she head , Zack slouches . bitsey do you have dusty wright follow we ? belyeu I employ Mr. wright from time to time . bitsey you could have say something . belyeu ( open she umbrella ) that would have defeat the purpose . apology if I cause you unnecessary anxiety , but I be pay to be suspicious . ( hand it to she ) think I would return this . zack any word on the writ ? belyeu denied . tape go to a federal judge two hour ago . you videographer friend make contact ? bitsey no . belyeu what you get be definitely a snippet . could be he have more preview schedule . best stick close to you room . bitsey how 's David ? belyeu holdin ' up . I be head back over . bitsey tell he I will take care of it , about he son , I mean . belyeu will do . we will talk later ? she nod . belyeu watch yourselves . they turn from one another . bitsey turn back . bitsey ( call after he ) Mr. belyeu . he turn . bitsey be dusty and constance close ? belyeu thick as thief . bitsey nod . int . bitsey' motel six room - night Dark . bitsey and Zack sit on either side of the room 's table look out the window . rain shadow run down they face . the room phone be on the table , as be Zack 's watch : 10:17 . ext . motel six and kettle - long shot - from across interstate - night the rain 's lighten up . the motel 's full . light be on in ten of the motel room . the kettle 's light go off , one after another . int . bitsey' motel six room - night Zack sleep at the end of one bed , fully dress . bitsey , lose in agitate think , neatly pack a suit into she perfectly arrange suitcase . she stop , think . she go to she purse and take out the vhs cassette , a pen and a note pad . hesitate a beat , she put the tape in the vcr . she turn on the tv and wait for a image . ext . motel six - night rain . all the room except bitsey 's be dark . from within come a tv glow . int . bitsey' motel six room - insert - bitsey be notepad - night she 's sketch a flow - chart of the tape with major element time out . bitsey have she shoe off , sit on the floor with she back against a bed . she 's still watch the tape , tired , exasperate . finally , she turn the tv off , rub she eye . she stand , look at the radio alarm clock on the nightstand : 11:33 . int . bathroom - night bitsey brushes she tooth . look down and see a towel on the floor . pick it up , start to hang it on the towel rack , stop , look at herself in the mirror . a beat . a idea hit she , first as something odd , then as a freight train . she spit , hurry into the bedroom . int . bedroom - night bitsey ( put on she shoe ) Zack ! wake up ! get up ! he start to pull himself awake . bitsey do you throw the towel on the floor ? zack what ? bitsey the towel on my bathroom floor . do you put it there ? zack yeah , I guess . it 's a hotel room . what -- bitsey do you do that at home ? zack no. fuck , bitsey . I be sorry , it 's not like it 's -- bitsey get up . she disconnect the vcr . zack ( sit up ) what the fuck 's wrong with you ? bitsey grab the t.v. I want to check something . zack what ? bitsey we be take a tour . zack where ? she have the vcr . grab she purse on the way to the door . bitsey Austin . get the t.v. she open the door , exit . int . house 3307 entry hall - night the doorbell ring over bauhaus music . the goth girl , wear only the nine inch Nails T-shirt , open the door . bitsey barrage past carry the vcr , Zack follow with the tv . bitsey wanna make a hundred buck ? goth girl what do I gotta do ? int . house 3307 live room - night bitsey , Zack and the goth girl enter . bitsey we be go over the crime scene . bitsey check the kitchen . the tripod 's back . the other exhibit piece have not change . bitsey and for the next hour I want you to do exactly what I say when I say to do it . if I say suck Zack 's dick , all I want to hear from you be ' May I swallow . ' goth girl you want I to suck he dick ? zack it 's just a patriarchal figure of speech . bitsey be you boyfriend here ? goth girl he be not exactly my boyfriend anymore . bitsey well be he video camera here ? goth girl yeah . bitsey get it . she start to leave , turn back . goth girl I gotta collect first . bitsey , moan , reach for she purse . closeup - stereo clock read 1:48 . Zack 's hand enter the frame , turn the music down . same scene - minute later video : the goth girl 's messy kitchen . camera zoom in to a perspective similar to that on the constance tape . the exhibit piece ( kitchen glove , handcuffs , tape roll ) be more - or - less where they be before . the goth girl enter the frame , she 's remove pizza box and laundry from the counter . zack ( o.s. ) move that index card , too . she pick up the index card . Zack look up from a video camera 's eye piece . the camera be on the tripod , connect to the goth girl 's tv . near it , the hotel tv / vcr . bitsey cue the constance tape to the beginning , freeze the image . Zack then check the camera angle on the goth girl 's tv . he move the tvs so that they be side - by - side . bitsey Zoom in a hair . he do so . bitsey compare perspective between the leave tv ( goth girl clean ) to the right tv ( constance ) . bitsey put the glove on a dish rack . goth girl I do not have one . Zack go to the sink , lay three pizza box on the counter as a ersatz dish rack -- he drape the kitchen glove over they . bitsey turn they inside out . he do so . bitsey move the tape roll about a foot to the leave . and get rid of the handcuffs . Zack reposition the tape . the goth girl pick up the handcuffs . bitsey come check this , Zack . ( to the goth girl ) could you ... what 's you name ? goth girl nico 's cool . bitsey nico , lie down on the floor , face the counter . Zack come behind the tripod and look at the tvs . nico sit on the floor , start to take off she T-shirt . zack we can imagine that part . ( to bitsey ) I will position she . he go to nico , arrange she in the position of constance ( which now bear no relation to the white outline on the floor ) . bitsey that 's fine . just straighten she leg . Zack come back behind the tripod . he and bitsey look at the two tv image -- roughly the same . the constance tape , however , show what look like a white towel in the lower right -hand corner . bitsey point to it . bitsey what 's this ? zack towel or something . bitsey okay , look at this . she play the tape of constance for eight second . bitsey I notice this back at the hotel . see ? bitsey touch the tv screen by one of constance 's foot . the foot move ever so slightly . she hit pause . bitsey she move she foot . why ? zack Fucking good question . bitsey it 's another fifteen second before she come to . if she have pass out once , without fresh air she would not come back . there be no head trauma , she blood test normal -- zack Jesus , maybe she be fake , hope he would go away . bitsey or ... bitsey look up at nico . bitsey we have get to bag she . zack woa . not a good idea . bitsey all right , I will do it . same scene - minute later nico hurry from the bedroom into the kitchen . bitsey and Zack stand by the sink . a white plastic bag be now on the sink counter ; beside it , the roll of duct tape . nico I find it . nico hand Zack the key to the handcuffs . he test they , then lay they on the counter . bitsey ( to Zack ) okay , I want you to wait three minute before you take it off . zack bitsey , I be not so sure about this . bitsey Three full minute . just stand behind the tripod . both of you . Zack and nico move behind the tripod . bitsey put the bag on she head , rip off a long length of tape . she seal the bag around she neck . she then handcuffs herself from behind , with some difficulty . closeup - key be on the sink counter while she do this . bitsey ( o.s. ) ( through the bag ) have you start ? back to scene zack twenty - two second . bitsey sit on the linoleum , then lie on she side . zack thirty second . nico fuckin ' wick . bitsey lie perfectly still . zack thirty -five ... forty ... forty-five ... fifty . nico maybe she should not ... zack fifty-five ... one minute ... five ... ten ... one -fifteen ... bitsey start to pull slightly at the cuff . zack fuck. twenty ... twenty -five ... thirty ... nico this be not cool . zack ... thirty -five ... fuck ... one -forty ... one - forty fi ... bitsey panic , fight like hell against the cuff . bitsey ( through the bag ) Zack ! Zack run to she , knock the tripod over . he rip the bag open . she suck air . zack ( rip at the tape ) Jesus fuck Christ , bitsey . you okay ? what if I would have wait ? she try to catch she breath . nico release the handcuffs . zack no more fuck experiment , all right ? just tell I what 's go on . you okay ? bitsey nod , hold up she hand , want to say something . she take he arm , look at he . bitsey ( still breathe heavily ) she ... she do it herself . same scene - minute later Zack sit on the couch hold the handcuffs and smoking . nico sit on one of its armrest . bitsey , full of adrenaline , pace in front of they , think out loud . bitsey she use the glove to keep fingerprint off the tape and bag . then she put they back on the dish rack , but upside down and inside out , a housewive ' habit . a murderer would have just toss they aside -- like they be the first time we be here , like you do a towel in a hotel . zack maybe , all right , maybe . ( indicate the cuff ) but why wear this ? bitsey they throw I . I forget you have to have the key to put they on . but she need they . she know she would instinctively try to rip the bag off , that at some point automatism would kick in . nico fuckin ' a , like when people hang themselves . at the last second they go chicken , claw at the rope and shit . the police find they own skin beneath they nail . bitsey and she swallow the key so she could not get to it . she make sure there be no way out . zack woa , chill , chill . why not hang yourself , or take pill . why take you fuck clothes off ? why make it look like a murder ? a beat . bitsey contemplate . bitsey it 's so calculate . she 's handcuff , tape at the mouth . the glove . the damn tripod . zack why , bitsey ? why fake you own murder ? bitsey I do not know . zack motive 's like a major issue here . bitsey thanks , Zack . zack it do not make sense . the woman 's a bleed - heart abolitionist . why frame a innocent man ? why send gale to the chair for what look -- bitsey what would you say ? zack she have to know some innocent fuck would take the fall . bitsey oh my God , Zack , that 's it ! that 's why ! to prove it happen . to have absolute proof that the system convict innocent . zack get the fuck out of here . bitsey no , that 's how she think . she live for deathwatch . if she 's gonna die , why not die for it ? that 's why the tripod be here . to record proof , undeniable proof , the tape . that 's why we get a out-take . zack a dead woman put the tape in you room ? bitsey of course not . she need help , someone to keep it , release it . someone she could trust , someone dedicated to the cause ... they stare at each other a beat . the same think : zack ( mimick belyeu ) thick as thief . int . dusty wright' cabin - night dusty look up at a wall clock : 4:23 . he sit fully dress in he live room , listen to a opera . he close he eye . camera pull back out of he window and into : ext . wood beside wright' cabin - night behind a couple of tree near the wood ' edge , bitsey and Zack hide watch he . zack hairy . bitsey come on . she turn back into the wood . ext . dirt road - night bitsey and Zack emerge from the wood near the rental car . they walk and speak quickly in the light rain . bitsey ... because of the Berlin thing , constance know the police would go straight to gale . in a way , he 's perfect . a high profile alcoholic whose life be shit anyway . but ... zack she be in love with he . bitsey I do not know . something . they be close . she would not want he dead . they come to the car , get in . int . rental car - night bitsey drive . bitsey remember this thing about dusty be a bull -horner , go to far ? zack why he be fire from deathwatch , and the a.c.l.u. bitsey right . maybe the plan be for dusty to release the tape after gale 's conviction , after a year or so . you know , force he to dry out , let he play the heroic victim , give he back he dignity . so , dusty wright 's sit on this tape , wait , the only one who know about it . and maybe good ole dusty start to think that a erroneous execution be a hell of a lot more politically useful than a last- minute save . zack which would only prove the system work . bitsey yeah . almost martyr do not count . what 's one murder to stop thousand ? zack so he will wait , release the whole tape after the execution . bitsey right . somewhere he must have the original . what time be it ? int . wright' cabin - night the wall clock : 4:50 . dusty hear the phone ring over a baritone's aria . he turn the music down , and pick up . dusty hello ? ext . gas station - night the gas station be old , isolate on a country road . close , dark . by the road , a single light pole illuminate the area -- its light catch the drizzle . directly beneath the pole be a phone booth , where bitsey wait by the rental car . int . phone booth - night Zack be on the phone with the booth door open . bitsey stand just outside . zack let 's talk about you tape ... no , meet I at the station down the hill , in fifteen minute . Zack hang up before dusty can respond . he stop out of the booth and give bitsey a tentative look . int . wright' cabin - night dusty hang up , think . ext . gas station - night bitsey sit in the car 's driver seat . Zack stand by the booth . bitsey do not move from the booth . call the second you see the truck . remember , let it ring just once . then get into the wood -- zack I know . go. bitsey ( pull away ) into the wood , Zack . zack go! ext . wright cabin - night bitsey be in the wood , watch dusty pull away in the pickup . she hurry to the front door , enter . int . wright cabin - night bitsey turn on the light and begin search . she see 11 video on a bookshelf . some be label , three be not . she take the cassettes to the tv / vcr . put one in ( she hand be wet ) . nothing . she search for the right AV channel . int . phone booth - night Zack anxiously wait . his eye check the road . int . wright cabin - night bitsey have a picture , but the tape be a old tv western . she start to fast forward , realize she will not be able to do so with each tape , hit eject . she check the clock : 5:04 . she take another unlabel tape . it 's a home video of a city council meeting . bitsey ( hit eject ) shit ! she grab the next unlabel tape . ext . gas station - night Zack pace in front of the booth , check he watch . int . wright cabin - night bitsey have a old " I Love Lucy " episode . eject , look at the label : " Lucy . " she grab another , label " unforgiven . " the credit from unforgiven roll on screen . bitsey shit ! ext . gas station - night Zack see light come toward he . get into the phone booth , drop two coin , dial six number . he hesitates to punch the seventh , check the road . the approach light belong to a car . he quickly hang up . int . wright cabin - night bitsey be frantic . another tape be a old johnny carson interview with pavarotti . bitsey shit ! she reach for another . ext . gas station - night Zack hug himself in the wane drizzle . zack come on . Fucking come on . int . wright cabin bitsey have what look like a office Christmas party . she go for another tape -- the last . cheyenne Autumn come up on the screen . she hit eject . she get up , unsure what to do next . she go back to the bookshelf , pull book out to look behind they for more tape , indifferent to the mess . she go to a filing cabinet , quickly rifle it . she look around the room , see something . she go to a large oak desk with a old typewriter on it . after the other drawer , she look in the lap drawer . it 's empty except for large padded envelope address to " bitsey Bloom / News Magazine / 40 W. 43rd st./ New York , New York 10036 . " a beat as she stare in disbelief . she rip it open , pull out a vhs cassette and check the label : " constance . " the phone ring , startling she . she look at the phone , then at the clock : 5:14 . the phone do not ring again . a beat of absolute silence . bitsey go quickly to the vcr and put in the tape -- hand shaking . after a few second , constance appear stand in she kitchen by the sink , dress in a bathrobe . she 's wear the kitchen glove and fill a glass with water . on video constance turn from the sink : constance ( v.o. ) ( she voice weak ) ready ? the response be silent , but she nod . a beat -- she bite she lower lip . in one quick movement she take the key from the handcuffs and swallow it with the water . it go down with difficulty ; she cough , then signal she 's okay . she put the glass in the sink . she take the duct tape roll , rip off a long section , stick one end to the back of she glove hand . she tear off another small section , drop the roll on the floor . she tape the small section over she mouth . she then take the plastic bag from the counter , look at it a beat . constance turn toward camera , mouth tape , eye water . she nod once , and turn back . she quickly put the bag over she head . after she have smoothe the excess air out with one hand , she take the pack tape from the other . she seal the bag around she neck . she smoothly take off the glove . they be inside out and she snap they so that the finger extend . she drop they upside down on the dish rack . she remove she robe -- she 's nude beneath -- and toss it aside . it land in the bottom right hand corner of the screen . she feel for the handcuffs on the counter , take they . she sit on the floor , cuff herself . she roll onto she side , perfectly still , wait . on bitsey engross , tremble . the spell break as she come to the part of the tape she 's see before . avert she eye , she fast - forward past where constance struggle to where she die . constance lie perfectly still . a beat . video a man wear glove walk into the frame : dusty . on bitsey this be what she 's need . video dusty go to constance , kneel and , remove a glove , check she pulse . he look briefly up into the camera , then stand . he pick up she robe and come back past the tripod . a beat . we see only constance 's dead body -- then black . on bitsey a hand grab she shoulder . she scream and spin around . it 's Zack , breathe hard . zack he do not show ! fuckin ' move ! bitsey hit the eject button . ext . wright cabin - night bitsey and Zack hurry out of the cabin and into the wood . the pickup be nowhere to be see . as they disappear into the tree , dusty can be see stand beneath the eave at the side of the house , watch . ext . rental car - sunrise the car move full speed through the misty dawn . the drizzle have stop . int . rental car - night bitsey drive . the overheat light be on . Zack have she purse in he lap , rip a page out of she phone book . she 's almost in tear , yell . bitsey everyone ! wake up New York , the warden , the Governor , the goddamn Supreme Court death clerk ! how far be it ? zack take I 30 this afternoon . you have get 26 , maybe more . bitsey I will make it . ext . interstate - in front of motel six - sunrise the rental car slide to a near stop on the interstate shoulder . Zack jump out , as bitsey spin away again . he run across the frontage road toward the motel in the mist . ext . huntsville town square - sunrise the rental car barrel through the empty square , ignore stop sign . ext . two - lane highway - sunrise the rental car fly past a " huntsville City limit " sign and disappear into the fog . int . rental car - sunrise the overheat light be still on . bitsey look down , then turn on the radio . a country and western song be on . she punch scan . bitsey ( to the radio ) give I the time . give I the goddamn time . ext . highway junction - sunrise the highway fork off to another . a arrow sign at the fork read : " tdc Ellis unit /8 mile . " int . rental car - sunrise bitsey smell something . ext . highway to ellis unit - sunrise the rental car , smoke pour from the engine , clunk to a dead roll , stop . bitsey jump out , vhs cassette in hand . she do not close the door . start run . bitsey run down the middle of the two - lane highway . the rental car in the b.g. recede into the mist -- visibility be no more than fifty yard . the sound of she breathe and shoe hitting the pavement echo into the mist . she run , and run . a car come up quickly behind she . its horn blare . she turn , start to wave it down . the driver sit on he horn , swerve around she onto highway 's shoulder and drive on . she run . run past a abandon vegetable stand . run past a sleepy farmhouse . she run , and run . she slow , out of strength , look up and down the highway . both in front and behind , it lead straight into the mist , a tunnel of fog . she stumble on , a final effort . she run . see something . stop cold . come toward she in the distance be small flash light . they rise on hill and then fall behind another . they appear again . soon , she can make out the form of a ambulance , and its highway patrol escort . the vehicle move slowly toward she , without siren , as deathly quiet as they cargo . she stand to the side of the road as they approach . the highway patrol vehicle and the ambulance -- mark " Texas Department of correction " -- pass silently in slow motion . she watch as they disappear back into the mist . in slow motion , she scream , fall to she knee wail , but we can not hear she . we hear nothing . int . wright' cabin - sunrise in the b.g. , dusty walk out the front door carry two large suitcase . on he desk in the f.g. be a radiator cap . fade to : black . fade in : int . dallas / ft . worth airport - day belyeu make he way through the departure hall carry the aluminum suitcase . on tv Roberts and the Court tv " break news " logo be on the screen . robert ( v.o. ) ( to camera ) here 's what we know so far . last night , News Magazine post on they web site a video obtain by reporter bitsey Bloom ... Light applause . the tv be mount on the wall in : int . news magazine's editorial floor - day bitsey watch the report with about a dozen colleague . kruger stand beside she . a few people congratulate she . she attempt a smile and nod , though she do not look away from the tv . kruger shush the other to hear the story . robert ( v.o. ) the footage appear to show constance harraway commit suicide . on tv robert ( v.o. ) Bloom report she receive the tape Friday morning at a motel in huntsville , where she be stay while conduct gale 's last interview . on floor Zack watch bitsey from the other side of the room . she look over at he , then quickly look back at the tv . robert ( v.o. ) the tape apparently have be in the possession of a former deathwatch director ... on tv camera pull back to reveal that Roberts be stand in front of wright 's cabin . other journalist and gawker can be see out front . Police vehicle be also visible . suit and officer move in and out of the cabin . robert ( v.o. ) ( read the name off a card ) ... Dustin emil wright . as you can see , police and official from the State Attorney 's office have be in and out of he cabin all morning , look for clue to he whereabouts . int . dallas / ft . worth airport - day belyeu enter a man 's room . int . men' room - day belyeu walk to a row of sink . he set the case on the floor and start to wash he hand . a businessman comb he hair to belyeu 's leave . belyeu look in the mirror and see dusty approach from a stall . int . news magazine - editorial floor - day the room watch Roberts . robert ( v.o. ) ...a fanatic in the movement to stop the death penalty . on tv robert ( v.o . ) it appear wright withheld the tape to make a obscure political point about the potential for error in capital case . on bitsey she watch , try to contain she emotion . Zack watch she . she look he direction . he smile sadly , look away . int . dallas / ft . worth airport - men' room - day dusty wash he hand , look down at the case . the businessman leave . dusty all there ? belyeu passport and ticket as well . int . news magazine - editorial floor - on tv - day Governor hardin be on the step of the capital , journalist around she . governor hardin ( v.o. ) well , it 's a tragedy for all of we . as to whether this will change policy , the people of Texas will have to decide . right now , the prudent course be to put thing on hold pendin ' a procedural review , allow ourselves time to mourn . kruger lean toward bitsey . kruger you bet she will review . Capital punishment approval rate drop 17 point . bitsey just look at the tv , try to make it through . int . dallas /ft . worth airport men' room - day dusty pick up the case . belyeu straighten he tie . belyeu what be you go to do ? dusty ( walk past he ) go to the opera . int . news magazine - editorial floor - on tv - day Old footage of David be lead in chain from a Austin jailhouse to a wait van . he wear the clothes he be wear the day constance die . robert ( v.o . ) of course , the ultimate irony be that David gale , a man who become a unwitting martyr , may achieve in death what he work for in life . on bitsey she bite she lower lip in a manner reminiscent of constance . fade to : black . fade in : ext . STREET ( barcelona ) - day dusty walk along the ramblan . he carry a duty - free bag and the aluminum suitcase . he come to a building , check its number against a piece of paper , enter . int . barcelona apartment house - day dusty ascend a staircase onto hallway . he walk a few step to door number six . a old spanish woman pass he . dusty senorita gale esta viviendo aqui ? old woman si. si. dusty gracias . the old woman move down the stair . dusty put the aluminum suitcase on the doormat . from the duty - free bag he take out David 's Yale sweatshirt , lay it over the case . he ring the doorbell , turn and walk back down the hall . he stand at the top of the stair , wait for someone to answer before descend . Sharon ( older than we have see she ) open the door , see the case and sweatshirt . she look around , but dusty be go . she pick they up . int . news magazine - editorial floor - day bitsey sit at she neurotically neat desk , look out the window . it 's a sunny day in New York . for the first time , we see she wear something besides a business suit . frame on she cubicle wall be the latest News cover page : a picture of David with the headline " the executed innocent . " a mail guy drop a fed ex package on she desk . mail guy this just come . it 's from " belyeu &amp ; crane/420 Congress Ave. / Austin , Texas , 78710 . " she open it , pull out cloud Dog and a handwritten note on belyeu &amp ; crane stationery . insert - note read : " David want you to have this . he say it would be the key to you freedom . regards , Benjamin belyeu . " int . sharon' barcelona apartment - day at the breakfast table , a Spanish yuppie male sit with a newspaper in front of he . he watch Sharon open the case . Inside : money , stack and stack of money . on top be a unsign note : " I be sorrier than you can know . " int . news magazine - editorial floor - day bitsey hold the stuff sheep . puzzle . look at the note , bitsey Key to you freedom ? Key to you ... suddenly , she understand . she squeeze the sheep , shake it , hear something . she cut the sheep open with scissors . a hi - 8 tape be in the stuff . it 's hand label : " off the record . " she jump up . tracking shot bitsey hurry through the cubicle . she go down a hall and into the " multimedia " room . int . news - multimedia room - day bitsey lock the door , put the tape into a hi-8 deck . on video the tape be cue to where dusty pick up constance 's robe and walk past the tripod out of frame . we see only constance 's body . we hear the slide door to the patio open behind the camera . dusty ( v.o. ) ( call ) it 's over . a long beat . footstep on the patio . dusty ( v.o. ) want I to turn this off ? voice ( v.o. ) no . David walk into frame . he go a couple of step toward constance 's body and stop , face she . we see he only from behind . he look at she , run he hand over he head . david ( v.o. ) I could not watch . dusty ( v.o. ) she prefer it that way . you be right about not tellin' she the whole plan . david it help she to think she death would save I . a beat . dusty ( v.o. ) you sure you want to do this ? david ( v.o. ) yeah . almost martyr do not count . a beat . dusty ( v.o. ) better go ahead then . David go to constance , kneel . he reach down and with he thumb gently stroke she face through the plastic . he stand , turn and walk back to the camera . he reach behind the lens to turn it off . a beat . half he face fill frame , he watery eye look directly at we . in the other half , we see constance 's body . Black . int . barcelona opera house - night dusty sit watch a performance of puccini 's turandot . on stage be the scene where Liu martyr herself . closeup - dusty he close he eye . fade out : the end