the rider written by chloé Zhao i/e. flip cam / cell phone footage the badland of South dakota . Young indian cowboy at the great Plains rodeo , on the pine Ridge reservation . at party in motel room , on the road . harsh , raw and wild . brady , 21 year old , riding saddle bronc at various rodeo . a final ride show the near fatal moment when he be buck off and trample beneath the horse , sustain a devastating head injury . the crowd gasp as people run to help the young man lie crumpled on the ground ... i/e. hospital / corral ( dream sequence ) blackness . sound of a rodeo . heavy breathe . blurry flash light . brady 's eye , blood clogge , flutter open and close . the blurry figure of doctor above he . blood smear across the white pillow . intercutting , link brady 's body to that of a horse 's body : brady 's scar- cover right hand twitches violently . / horse hoof kick up dirt . Doctor 's hand put breathe tube into brady 's mouth and down he throat . / brady 's hand put a metal horse bit into a horse 's mouth . Doctor 's hand put oxygen tube around brady 's face and up he nose . / brady 's hand put a leather halter around a horse 's face . nurse 's hand hold brady down , put strap over he arm . / brady put a heavy saddle on the horse . brady struggle , try to pull himself away from the bed . / the horse brady be break struggle not to be ride , buck , shaking , neigh loudly . Black . ext . prairie - dawn the silence of a peaceful prairie at dusk . the sky shade of purple and orange . short grass , roll hill . faint howl of coyote in the distance . a small figure break the stillness . brady walk across the plain wear a hospital gown and cowboy boot . he have a gauze on the right side of he head . Fresh bruise around he eye . he have run away from the hospital , daze and tired from the long walk . he splashes through a stream of mud and horse shit . he walk towards the warm orange light of the trailer house in the distance . int . brady' trailer - live room — morning brady walk into the dim live room . the light flicker . he be pale , cover in sweat and out of breath . brady dad ? he stand still . no answer . int . brady' trailer - lilly 's room - morning brady walk in and find he little sister lilly asleep . she be 14 year old , bright , spirite and on the brink of womanhood . she have asperger 's syndrome . brady hey lillian ... do you know where dad be ? lilly be still half - asleep . lilly no ... brady ok ... go back to sleep . int . brady' trailer - brady' bedroom - morning brady wake up in bed cover in sweat . int . brady 's trailer - bathroom - morning brady throw up in the toilet bowl . he take a handful of prescription medication . 3 . the bloody gauze be staple to he head . he feel the staple with he finger , take deep breath and begin to pull they out of he head with a hunt knife . the bloody staple drop onto the counter one by one . the fresh wound , stitched together on the back of he shaven head be shocking . it look fresh and raw . int . brady' trailer - bathroom - moment later brady wrap he head with plastic wrap and take a shower awkwardly , take care that he head do not get wet . int . brady' trailer - live room - morning brady walk through the messy live room towards the fluorescent glow in the kitchen . int . brady' trailer - kitchen - morning brady wait as the coffee brews , space out . he take a sip of the hot coffee . another sip . his right hand twitches suddenly and start to shake . surprise , he quickly grab it with he leave hand , but drop the coffee cup . it shatter to the ground , coffee spilling across the crack vinyl floor . panicked and confuse , brady shake he hand . ext . brady 's trailer - morning in the blue dawn , brady can be see from a distance , walk from the little trailer towards the corral , where a pale horse be tie up . ext . brady 's trailer - corral - morning brady pet gus , he favorite horse and oldest companion . he 's a large , and magnificent , pale color palomino . the love between they be clear . brady 's hand run through Gus 's smooth coat . brady it 's good to see you Gus . brady notice a cut on Gus 's leg . brady ( cont 'd ) what do you get yourself into ? he check the wound nervously . brady ( cont 'd ) Fighting over mare again ? you be lucky it be not any deeper . he wrap he arm around Gus 's neck , like a child that have be away from home too long . ext . brady 's trailer - front yard - morning brady practice lassoing with a ranch rope . he 's rusty , miss the target repeatedly . a old pick - up pull up . wayne , brady 's father , a old - school cowboy wear a black denim jacket and cowboy hat , come back drunk . brady be not happy to see he . wayne what the hell be you do here ? brady ignore he . wayne ( cont ’d ) I see tanner at the bar and he say you escape . Wayne giggle as he climb out of the pick -up . brady told you to check I out . wayne doctor say you have to stay , buddy . Wayne go up to brady . wayne ( cont ’d ) give I a hug . brady back away . brady why do not you just go inside and sober up ? wayne sober up !? let I see you rope that . Wayne point at the plastic steer dummy . wayne ( cont ’d ) check yourself out of the hospital like you uncle rowdy ? annoy , brady rope anyway and miss it again . Wayne start laugh . wayne ( cont ’d ) what the hell ? can not you rope anymore ? maybe you should have stay in the hospital . take a deep breath . brady ignore he . wayne ( cont ’d ) you get any chew ? brady sigh , take he tobacco chew out of he pocket and toss it to Wayne . Wayne put the chew in he mouth and walk up to brady again . wayne ( cont ’d ) just give I a hug . brady let he father hug he . his expression be blank . wayne ( cont ’d ) you hat and chap be in the backseat . Love ya ... Wayne stagger away into the house . brady watch he for a moment before go back to roping again . int . brady 's trailer - brady 's room - morning brady put he rodeo hat on the panell wall . he take he leather chap and he spur out of a black trash bag . he sit on the edge of the bed and clean they . int . brady' trailer - kitchen - day brady play card alone at the table . Wayne , sober up , make three microwave burger ( Chuck wagon ) . wayne lil , lilla ! hustle !! Wayne call lilly to come eat . lilly be quiet ! lilly walk in a small voice recorder and a apple . wayne be you ready ? lilly ready for what ? wayne to eat ! lilly no ! just point down ! lilly go to sit down despite she protest . lilly ( cont 'd ) I be just do not no understand . and I can not use to imagine that . wayne there 's supper . you better have a bit of that Chuck wagon . lilly no way ! I do not like it ! Wayne put the soggy microwave burger in front of she . wayne just look at it . just look at it for a second . lilly stare at it . lilly no. I be sick of it . she push it away and look over at brady . lilly ( cont 'd ) but I can not do anything and it 's make I all mad . now it 's a dream and it 's not a plan as well . wayne ok , ok . I will make a deal with you . a bite of the Chuck wagon or ... wear a bra . lilly but I do not like that bra ever ! wayne brady , get she that bra . brady you should not try to force she to eat thing she do not wanna eat . wayne she have to eat something and this be the only food we get . lilly no way ! I do not like it ! just bs ! wayne you be stubborn just like you brother . look how he end up ! lilly that 's dirty . wayne Big old gash on the side of he head . I tell you not to go and ride that son-of - a- bitch anyway . brady yah well , I would have win the rodeo if I have get she ride . Wayne look away for a moment . lilly Excuse I , guy ... wayne Whole point be ... I tell you to stay home . Wayne chuck down he beer . brady stare blankly into he burger . ext . family cemetory - day the blackburn family grave yard - a cluster of wooden cross . some ancient and some new . rust horseshoe and weathered cowboy boot be scattered around the long grass . brady open the barbwire gate . a bell tie to the metal , chime gently as he close it behind he . brady pray silently in front of he mother 's grave . on the wooden cross it read : mari blackburn . 1963-2013 . a few child 's star sticker paste on the weathered wood . lilly 's handy work . brady look up at the wooden cross . brady I be tough , mom . the sound of bell chime and long grass blow in the wind . brady sit there and listen . int . brady 's bedroom - day brady be try to take a nap . the wound on the side of he head look dry up . he can hear lilly 's laughter . lilly walk in . lilly what 's the matter brady ? she see he wound . lilly ( cont 'd ) oh boy . oh poor brady . brady sit down , lil . brady grab she hand and pull she to sit down . she touch he shoulder gently while inspect he wound . lilly you will not get hurt yourself ... brady I do not mean to . lilly it 's ok . come here . lilly give he a hug . lilly ( cont 'd ) listen ... this time ... you do not ... lilly struggle to find she word . lilly ( cont 'd ) you do not hurt boo boo ? brady yah . she point at brady 's wound . lilly this be a head . brady yah . lilly it 's call ' skull 's . brady yah . I hurt my skull . you know what they have to do ? they have to do surgery . lilly surgery ?! do not joke I . brady you know what they do when they do surgery ? lilly what ? brady what do they do ? lilly get break . brady yah . break my skull . lilly yah . break my skull . 10 . brady and you have to cut it with a knife . then they put a plate in there and then they sew it up . lilly but , but , but you say ... brady I be not gonna ... not gonna what ? lilly buck horse anymore . brady uh ... maybe . lilly look upset . brady ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna die . lilly nope ! I be not gonna die either . I be stay alive ! brady toughest cowgirl . lilly uh huh . ext . brady 's trailer - night the sound of cricket and horn toad in the darkness . brady walk down the wooden step lead to the front door . he sit on the last step , in the dreary porch light , and spit at the dirt . he be tired but he can not sleep . ext . brady 's trailer - corral - day brady walk towards the corral wear he leather rodeo jacket . his eye be still bruise and he look tired as hell . Wayne be try a bay horse , while the horse 's owner , frank , be watch . Frank be a old - school rancher cowboy with rough skin and a hook for a hand . frank he 's really move good ... Frank Wayne 11 . brady how you do Frank ? frank hey brady , how you do ? brady shit ... I be heal up . check out brady 's head . frank look pretty wick there ... ride over . he 's cocky and know how much brady hate watch other people ride he horse . wayne Frank . this idiot for a horse trainer you have run away from the hospital four day after the surgery . frank hey ... damn kid ... wayne do not listen to anything he say . he may not be think too good . the older cowboy laugh . brady bite he tongue . Wayne Wayne brady Wayne frank ( to Wayne ) you get he back up pretty good ? make a kissing sound and start back the horse up . wayne halt baba . pull hard . the horse take a few step back . watch intensively . brady you should lay off that horse 's face a little bit . then he would not be put he head there like a goose . ride around and look at brady patronizingly . 12 . wayne you can tell I what to do when you be riding the son-of - a-bitch . too bad you go to the rodeo and get all fuck up . Frank watch the father and son bicker as if he have see it many time . brady well I be do what I ... wayne I be do you work here ! brady I be do what I fuck need to do , aright ?! wayne well , I be do what I need to do . finish something you should be do . brady can not argue with that and look away . int . brady' trailer - live room - day brady sit alone on the sofa , watch rodeo video on tv . a young cowboy be riding a black buck horse . int . brady 's bedroom - day brady be take a nap . the door crack open . brady 's rodeo friend , cat , tanner and jame sneak in . they be a classic bunch of young indian cowboy , don in cowboy hat , denim and flannel shirt . they bend over excitedly , check out brady 's scar , talk in low whisper . cat Holy piss ! tanner Jesus Christ . he look like frankenstein . cat it 's fuckin’ rank . 13 . jame fuck that . that 's just a scratch . James take the drag of he cigarette . jame ( cont 'd ) a little smoke will help . he lean forward and blow the smoke into brady 's face . brady flinch and wake up . everyone laugh . brady push James . brady get the fuck out of here . brady rub he eye , half smile . cat you can wrap it up right ? brady why ? what be you guy do ? cat put you wrangler on man . tanner yah . let 's go get fuck up ! brady nod . the boy be already at the door . cat last of the mohican ! brady laugh and sit up . ext . badland - dusk the epic landscape of the badland at dusk . the boy have build a campfire on one of the large rock . they be laugh , jump over the fire and be rowdy . the boy race up a steep hill , the half moon be bright in the darken sky above they . jame come on brady ! brady sit back near the glow of the fire . he watch they as they run up to the top . 14 . brady do not follow . ext . badland - night it 's dark now and the boy be huddle around the camp fire , sip from beer bottle and talk about they rodeo injury with great pride in the flicker glow of the fire . brady that horse I get on in fargo ... everything I hear about she be shit . but get on she and say ' fuck it 's . she be good out there for a while , until the whistle , she get real trashy and start turn there by the fence . I go over the front of she . she step on my head . popped I out . do not knock I out till I get to the hospital . I have a seizure and go into a coma . cat break my thumb . break wrist twice . break my ankle . I mean I die eight time , that 's why they call I cat . do not even cry or anything ... igmu ! ( lakota for '' cat '' ) jame get kick in kadoka at rodeo Bible Camp . go out of the back door . that be not so bad . be just kind of a stinger for a week . tanner get on this great big grey mare . I be get pretty stretch out in the end . thank god I hear the whistle blow . right at the end she slam I down on the dirt . hardest I ever be slam before . break three rib on my right side . brady over there , tell I to get on my short go horse , even though my rib hurt like a son-of - a-bitch . brady look up at tanner who be pretty drunk . tanner ( cont ’d ) ai not that right brady ? you do not let no pain put you down . ( more ) 15 . tanner ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna be turn out horse leave and right just because you head hurt a little bit , be you ? cat look at the boy thoughtfully . brady I be not , I be draw out of anything . I be just take some time off . you brain be a little different than yo you rib ... tanner yah I know . it 's all the same to a cowboy . ride through the pain . brady keep quiet but he jaw be tense . tanner ( cont 'd ) now do not let this head injury go to you head . get you scared . I know how that go with some guy . they get scared to get on again , and they end up become farmer ... cat hey brady ... cat interrupt the conversation and turn to brady . cat ( cont 'd ) you see Lane lately ? brady I do not get a chance to see he there for a while , while I be rodeo . but they just check he into a brand new rehab facility . cat look back at the fire , lose in a think . tanner wipe he face , look restless after the mention of Lane . brady ( cont 'd ) he probably could have win the world if he have have a honest chance . he be a damn good bull rider . tanner stuff tobacco chew into he lip . 16 . tanner remember when he go three for three in mccool Junction ? and win it ? brady smile and nod . brady that be a good night for Lane . you remember when he switch hand at elkhorn and win the bull riding first time ever riding a bull with he right hand ? eighty four point ! jame shit , one time I and Lane be come back from a party . we be drive in tanner 's brother 's car , and we be kind of talk about woman . we be a little drunk and Lane look over at I and say ' James , you know what one thing I have learn in life be 's he say ' girl , they come in with a name and they leave with a number 's . James and the other boy laugh . jame ( cont 'd ) kind of fuck up , but ... cat dirty dog ! jame yep . Lane . the laughter fade and the boy become sombre . cat look back at the fire . cat Real wild . Real good guy too . brady look over at cat . cat ( cont 'd ) I want to say a prayer for he , I mean , it would be best if we say a prayer every day , you know , the guy sure could use it . but I want to go ahead and just say ... brady pull he hood back . tanner and James remove they hat . they bow they head in prayer . 17 . cat ( cont 'd ) I pray to God that he take in all the strength from all he friend across the nation . North , south , east and west , ' cause over this country . cat have a thoughtful smile on he face . cat ( cont 'd ) I hope he get to ride again . feel the wind in he back , watch it flow through the grass . be what he want to be , once again . brady listen . his jaw tighten . cat ( cont 'd ) we be he and he be we . we be all one in this together . mitakuye oyasin . brady cross himself . tanner and James put they hat back on and take swig from they beer bottle . cat pick up he guitar and start strumm the chord of a country song he write call '' gambling man '' about the life of a rodeo cowboy . it use to be brady 's favorite now it 's bittersweet for he to listen to . brady stare into the fire , watch the eerie blue flame curl around the glow ember . ext . prairie / badland - dawn Music play as time pass . moment of silence on the great Plains . a badland sunrise . withering sunflower in a field of dry grass . windmills . horse at dusk . brady wander in the badland while a thunderstorm be brewing in the distance , coloring the sky a unusual blend of yellow and green . a significant amount of time have pass since the boy pray for they friend around the bonfire . brady 's hair have grow back , cover up he scar . he look thin and pale . he watch the distance lighten . ext . highway through badland - day brady 's truck speed along the highway . not a soul for mile . 18 . int . brady' truck - day brady be drive . he look restless and nervous . ext . rehabilitation CENTER - day brady walk through glass door of a physical rehabilitation center and stop at the front desk . brady hello , ma ’‘am . I be here to see Lane Scott . ext . rehabilitation CENTER - hallway - day brady walk down the hallway look for Lane 's room . int . lane 's room - day brady walk in and see lane sit alone in the middle of the room in he wheelchair . brady hey , brother , how you do ? he walk over to Lane 's chair . the room be sparse , with a small bed in the corner , a white support pole beside it lead into the ceiling . the wall be cover in old picture of Lane in he young year as a up - and -come bull rider . Lane can not speak . his bull riding accident have leave he permanently paralyze . he 's barely able to lift he leave hand , use sign language to communicate . brady give Lane a hug , help he to put he arm around he . brady ( cont 'd ) I miss you , brother . Lane slowly close he eye as they embrace . brady pull back after a moment . brady ( cont 'd ) you be look good . how you feel ? he look at Lane 's hand for a answer . 19 . brady ( cont 'd ) feeling good huh . it 's a pretty good place here . Lane start to spell out each letter of the word with he shaking leave hand . lane ( sign language ) how 's you head ? brady how 's my head ...? feeling aright ... Lane start to sign again . lane ( sign language ) rub some ... brady rub some ... brady ( cont 'd ) ... dirt in it . brady laugh . brady ( cont 'd ) and some Copenhagen too huh ? Lane slowly smile and start to sign . brady read it . brady ( cont 'd ) R , I , D , E ... ride . can I ride ? be I able to ride ? Lane give he a thumb up . brady ( cont 'd ) not suppose to for a while . I wish I can ride , but ... if I hit that plate in my head , it will cave the whole side of my head in ... but ... brady look down . int . lane 's room - a while later brady and Lane watch a video of Lane on YouTube on a iPad . lane ( video ) my name be Lane Scott . I be eighteen year old . I be from kennebec , South dakota . 20 . friend ( video ) Lane , he be young , but he be really good . best bull rider come out of South dakota for sure . lane ( video ) I mean ... I mean , not try to apply anything . but , I and superman have not be see in the same room together , so ... brady smile and look up at Lane . Lane smile back . his face be a lot thin now , than the young , vibrant man in the video . his facial muscle have be damage by the paralysis , alter he look . but Lane be smile . he enjoy revisit this moment . the video start to show Lane 's wild bull ride , chase after buffaloe , be a goofy teenager . Lane stand in front of camera , wear a cowboy hat and stripe shirt . lane ( video ) ( cont 'd ) I be about three year old when my dad introduce I to the rodeo world . there be nothing can really beat it . you get on a bull . make a good ride . everybody in the stand stand up for you , yell and cheer . you adrenaline be goin’ . you just can not stop but smile . Lane , in he wheelchair , eye bright , grin happily . he have not lose he spirit . lane ( video ) ( cont 'd ) there be nothing like strapping yourself on a 2000 pound animal and just go with it . that 's what I want to do and I want to do it for the rest of my life . I can not imagine do anything else . brady 's smile slowly fade . int . brady 's trailer - bathroom - the next morning brady check the now heal scar on he head . he brushes the hair over to conceal it . he take a handful of proscription pill . 21 . he put on a necktie . as he pull the tie through the pin , the finger on he right hand suddenly grip the tie and lock onto it . brady pull the tie out of the grip and peel he finger open . he have get use to it now , he be not panic . he shake he hand and put he cowboy hat on . ext . tribal job office - day brady 's truck pull up . he be a little nervous . he check himself in the mirror . brady stay in here all right lil ? lilly ok brady . lilly focus on she recorder . lilly ( cont 'd ) I believe my pleasure be my favorite thing to do be sing along . brady take tobacco chew out of he mouth and throw it out of the window . int . tribal job office - day brady sit across the table from helena . a lakota woman with long braid and a strong gaze . helena do you have a resume ? brady no , mar ’am . helena any job experience ? brady I be a horse trainer . helena you can not do that right now ? brady I would ... but I can not for a while , since I be laid up ... so ... 22 . helena well , you have two option . oglala lakota College have a ged program . the ost tero office have job training program for construction ... Road work ... brady can not help but interrupt she . brady I be look for something a little more temporary than that . they look at each other . brady ( cont 'd ) ...- you know , I be ... probably gonna be training horse in a few month . helena you still need something to fall back on . you can not train horse forever . brady look away . helena look at he for another moment , then she start write on a post . helena ( cont 'd ) I have a cousin who be the manager of dakota Mart . his name be Robbie . they have some temporary position . tell he I send you . brady take the post . brady ok ... thank you . he get up and walk towards the door . helena you look like you mom . brady stop and look back to she . helena ( cont 'd ) I use to go to high school with she . she be really awesome . brady nod , force a smile . 23. ext . dakota mart - day brady walk across the empty parking lot towards the supermarket . int . dakota mart - day brady pick up a bag of candy and look over at the checkout . he see terri dawn , a young woman with pink hair and dark eye . she glance back at he . he quickly look away . take a deep breath and walk towards she . he put on a smile . brady hi terri Dawn . terri Dawn greet he but she be not friendly . terri dawn hi brady . how be you ? brady be the manager here ? terri no , why ? brady never mind ... a moment of awkward silence as terri scan the item . there 's a history between they , and terri Dawn be play disinterested . brady ( cont 'd ) I do not know you work here . terri Dawn roll she eye . terri dawn there 's a lot that you do not know . brady hide he annoyance . brady so how have you be do ? terri Dawn ignore he . another moment pass . 24 . terri dawn I be dating you friend tanner , just so you know . brady look at she , not sure what to say . terri dawn ( cont 'd ) $ 9.50 . brady quickly search he wallet . ext . brady 's truck - evening brady drive as lilly be sing , the sun set behind she . brady lil , I be think about go to the rodeo . do you wanna go with ? lilly look up at brady and shake she head . lilly no. nope . brady take you to the carnival after ? get on some ride ? lilly Carnival ? oh boy . yes ! ext . eagle butte rodeo & fair - night the announcer voice echoe out over the rodeo grounds . brady walk towards the glow of the flood light above the stadium , and make he way behind the chute . cat and the other rodeo boy be surprised but happy to see he . they shake he hand and check out he scar . brady sit back and restlessly watch everyone get ready . he look over at tanner , who be get ready for he bareback ride . tanner give brady the finger . brady shake he head and look away . the lakota flag song be sung over the speaker . brady and the boy listen with they hat off in respect . tanner climb into the chute , onto he horse . the horse start to buck , rattling the steel bar , show its power and aggression . 25 . brady and the boy steady it . the whistle blow . the gate open . the buck horse charge out and tanner ride it hard into the arena . brady and the boy cheer loudly for he as he ride 8 second . a perfect ride . the crowd cheer . the other rider soon follow . brady watch a young rider gallop across the arena on he horse with envy . he wish he be out there too . ext . eagle butte rodeo & fair - night brady sit on a plastic horse on a carousel , feel both nauseous and mortify . it feel like a bad joke . lilly happily sit beside he , sing on she horse with she hand in the air . the spin give brady a bad headache . Bright light flash by in a blur of motion , overwhelming he . ext . horseshoe bar - same night loud music . neon light . rowdy cowboy . brady be sit in the corner booth , daze from he headache , watch tanner , terri Dawn and cat talk from across the table . tanner be gloat about the 8 second ride he make today . he check on lilly , who be sit at the bar watch sesame Street video on she phone with James beside she . James playfully take lilly 's soda and she wrestle it back . brady look down . have a hard time keep he eye open . tanner hey , wake up grandpa ! tanner slam on the table . tanner ( cont 'd ) falling asleep over there ! be you gonna enter for Water 's rodeo on the 17th ? brady 17th ? 26 . tanner yah . brady nod , although this be probably unlikely . brady I all be ready to ride by then . tanner Hell ya man . it have be good .. terri Dawn slap tanners arm real hard , surprising everyone . terri dawn tanner , quit that ! he just get hurt . come on now . tanner what 's wrong with that ? his head be a long way from he heart . he will not hurt it again . terri dawn but he have a metal plate in he head . brady be annoyed and embarrassed terri be talk for he about he injury . he can defend himself . tanner so ?! Metal be not suppose to bend . he will be fine . they both look over at brady for a moment . terri dawn it 's too fuck dangerous ... brady why do not you just mind you own fuck business ? terri Dawn stare at brady . brady look away . terri dawn you know what ? fuck you . terri Dawn , wounded , get up and walk over to the bar . tanner smirk . he get up too . tanner yah . fuck you brady . it 's ' dangerous 's . 27 . watch tanner leave . cat smile and give brady a nudge . cat do not worry about it . brady sigh , try to shrug it off . bill ( v.o. ) howdy . bill , a older cowboy , white hair beneath he hat , and a tooth pick in he cheek , sit down opposite brady . bill be you brady blackburn ? brady yah . bill Bill . brady shake Bill 's hand . bill ( cont 'd ) I hear you be a horse trainer . I have a colt nobody can break . will you come and look at he ? brady look over at the bar and see tanner sit next to lilly and playfully talk to she . lilly be still laugh at she sesame Street video . tanner be not you way too old to be watch sesame Street ? when I be 15 I be at the bar drink with my dad . lilly ignore he and stare at she video . tanner ( cont 'd ) ya thirsty ? you should have some of this stuff . tanner hand lilly he half - drunk beer . lilly laugh and push the beer away . Bill be still try to convince brady to train he horse . brady be barely listen . 28 . bill so , what do you think ? will you come and look at he ? brady look back to Bill . brady yah , maybe , in a couple of week , I get my head cave in ... lilly ( v.o ) I do not like to ! he look over at tanner and lilly again , he patience be wear thin . tanner tickle lilly and push the beer bottle into she hand . she laugh and push it away again . tanner come on ! you can have a beer ! brady suddenly get up and charge up to the bar . tanner ( cont 'd ) this be way better for you than that crap you drink ... brady grab tanner by the collar and shove he hard . brady what the fuck do you think you be do ?! tanner be shocked and grab brady by the shirt , push he back as other try to react . tanner what the fuck man ?! what you want ?! terri Dawn quickly take lilly 's arm and they head outside the bar . tanner ( cont ’d ) I be not do nothin 's ! I be not do nothin’ brady ! cat and the other cowboy pull they apart . tanner 's cowboy hat fall to the ground . Red -face and ruffle , he try to compose himself . 29 . tanner ( cont 'd ) fuck you ! I do not fuck do nothin’ . just be friendly that 's all . brady glare back at he . everyone seem shocked by brady 's behavior . it have come out of nowhere and seem completely out of character . cat calm down , brady . calm down . cat push brady aside . cat ( cont 'd ) tanner do not mean nothin’ by it . tanner fuck man ! what the hell ? tanner fix he jacket . cat look at brady , surprised as anyone by he action . brady compose himself , also shocked by he own aggression . he feel the eye of everyone on he . he look away and quickly storm out . ext . horseshoe bar - continuous brady catch up with terri Dawn and lilly . brady lilly , you aright ? lilly I be fine , brady . lilly run to the truck , leave brady alone with terri Dawn . she look at he coldly . he 's embarrassed . a moment later , she sigh and reach for she pocket . she pull out a joint . terri dawn this be what you need right now . she signal he to follow and walk away , leave brady stand alone in the red neon light . 30 . int . brady' truck ( outside horseshoe bar ) - night the pale , bright moon be high in the sky . coyotes howl from the distant badland . lilly be play with she recorder in the front seat . humming softly a melody she make up . brady and terri Dawn share a joint in the bed of the truck . they face light dimly by the red neon light of the bar . both stone . brady lean forward to check on lilly . brady lil , you hear they coyote howling ? lilly yes ! brady be you cold ? lilly no , I be not cold . guess what ? brady what ? lilly you be the great adventure . terri Dawn take a drag of the joint and cough . she pass it to brady . terri the problem with you boy ... you do not like to get you pride hurt . brady he be make fun of lilly . terri no , he be not . you know , we do not care how she be . she do not care how she be . brady lean he head back , too high to argue . a moment later . terri ( cont 'd ) we all love she . I think you be embarrassed of she . not we . 31 . brady look over at she for a moment . he move clumsily towards she and lean forward . she be a little surprised but do not move away . he kiss she on the cheek and lower he head into she lap . she maternally stroke he hair as he close he eye . int . brady 's bedroom - next day gold star sticker be carefully apply onto brady 's chest . lilly be put they on he while he sleep . loud knock . she giggle and quickly scurries out of the room . brady struggle to open he eye . int . brady' trailer - door way - day brady open the door , still half asleep , cover in star sticker . mile , a middle - age , rough look landlord and debt collector , with a red face and steely blue eye , give hima stern look as he pass . his young song , at most 12 year old , stand behind he with the same annoyed look on he chubby face , clearly emulate he pop . brady hey mile . what 's goin 's on guy ? they pass brady and walk into the trailer . int . brady' trailer - kitchen - day mile strut around the trailer like he own it - which he do . he check the light switch . mile look for you dad . brady wipe he face . brady he go to the horse sale yesterday . I have not see he . mile he owe I quite a bit of money on this trailer . I need payment . 32 . brady hide he surprise . brady do not he pay last month ? mile no . it 's be four month since I see money from he . I need somethin’ . you be gonna tell he I need some money or I gotta come and get the trailer . I be tired of lookin’ for he ass . mile open the fridge and get a beer for himself . he give brady another look , who be still cover in star sticker . mile ( cont ’d ) I like you tattoo . he open the beer and walk out . his son follow behind . brady look down and finally see the star sticker . brady come on lilly ... int . brady' trailer - kitchen - same day lilly be heating up a thin crust freeze pizza on a rotate pizza oven on the counter . while she wait , she play with a sesame Street music box . she cut the pizza into smaller piece with a pair of scissors . brady sit on the couch , stare at lilly 's cartoon on tv . he be not really watch , but lose in thought . ext . brady 's trailer - evening brady stroll across the hill . he look down at he rundown trailer beneath the darken sky . int . dakota mart - manager office - the next day brady sit opposite the dakota Mart manager , a large man , with white hair and a sickly complexion . brady be fill out the application . 33 . int . dakota mart - day brady look uncomfortable and out of place in the store uniform as he learn how to use the check out scanner . his physical presence seem diminish , as if without he cowboy hat , and usual attire , he be somehow smaller . brady interact with customer . he be nervous but try to be polite and do a good job . the line be long and he make a mistake , run a item twice . one of the customer get impatient . brady quickly apology . ( improvise ) when the line be finally clear , brady lean against the check out rub he brow . ext . brady 's trailer - evening bray 's truck pull up . he climb out like a wounded animal , tired and exhaust . he walk towards the house . int . brady' room - evening brady sit in bed read a rodeo magazine . he hear the sound of a pick - up truck and look outside . Wayne climb out of the pickup with todd , a local rancher . they talk business as they walk towards the barn . brady quickly get out of the bed and head outside . ext . brady 's corral - evening brady walk towards the corral . he see Wayne and Todd be talk by he horse , Gus , who be tie to a metal poll . todd «+ I just do not know about you horse trader ... brady hey Todd . Todd turn to brady . he 's a large man , wear dark sunglass to cover the heavy scarring across he face . he shake brady 's hand . 34 . todd how you doin 's brady ? Wayne look over at brady nervously . brady pretty good ... what be you do here ? wayne hey Todd , I have not talk to brady about this . can you just come back tomorrow and pick he up ? todd aright I can . see you brady . Todd sense the awkwardness . he shake they hand and leave . brady what be that about ? brady stare at Wayne while petting Gus . wayne I have to sell he Gus , brady . it take brady a moment to process what Wayne have say . brady sell he Gus ? what do you mean you have to ' sell he Gus 's ?! Gus be mine . wayne Gus be part of the family . I guess it 's he turn for we to make a live . brady be furious . it 's incomprehensible to he that he father could even consider this . wayne ( cont ’d ) you want mile to haul the trailer ? I and lilly have no place to live ? brady you do not make any money at all ? wayne cost a lot to live . 35 . Wayne be be dismissive , avoid eye contact and untying Gus 's rein . brady yah . cost a lot to go to the fuck bar and casinos . he 's overstep the line . Wayne bite back . wayne fuck you , brady , I do not need you shit . it 's not like you can ride anymore , we gotta make a live somehow ... brady grab Wayne 's shirt and push he against the metal gate . Wayne regains he composure calmly , stare brady down . wayne ( cont ’d ) what be you gonna do ? fight I ? brady look away . wayne ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong with you ? Wayne walk away leave brady alone with Gus . ext . prairie - same evening brady go hunt rabbit with he pistol . partly to let off some steam . he flip the gun in he hand like a pro . the sky be cold . brady move through the plain . stop . stays still . a moment later , he fire . he pick up the dead rabbit from the tall grass . ext . cat 's trailer - same night brady dress the rabbit on the deck under a dim lamp . unmove as he pull back the fur , revealing the bloody , raw torso and break the thigh bone . int . cat 's trailer - night the buzzing of a tattoo gun . gabby , cat 's girlfriend , be cooking the rabbit on the stove at the end of kitchen . 36 . needle outline the large tattoo . blood seep from the line of ink . cat be finish up the outline of a tattoo on brady 's back . brady welcome the pain . it help he to stay calm and focus . brady my dad sell Gus today . cat no shit . who do he sell it to ? brady Todd . cat sorry about that man . brady yah ... wish I can ride he one last time though ... finish the outline ? cat wipe the tattoo clean . it 's a bull rider on a buck bull in front of a cross . cat yah . brady just need to shade it huh ? cat probably wait till next time . gabby walk over to take a look . she pass brady a joint . gabby look really nice brady . who 's this suppose to be ? brady my buddy Lane . cat you know he ? gabby no . brady he be a pretty good bull rider . brady stare through the smoke of he joint . 37 . brady ( cont 'd ) a lot of time , you know ... you get hurt ... but , you do not think you 'il get hurt like that ... I be just ... happy I come out as lucky as I do . int . brady' truck drive through badland - night no street light or headlight . the road ahead be dim and eerie . brady drive . tire . distant . int . brady 's live room —- dawn brady make himself some coffee . he stand silhouett in the side door of the trailer and look out over the plain - Gus be see as a little shape on the horizon , graze on the hill , against the early morning glow . brady watch Gus for a moment , a calm expression in he eye . ext . brady 's trailer - dawn brady walk by a saddle on the fence and grab a halter hang next to it . he walk up the hill towards Gus , determine . ext . prairie - dawn brady slowly approach Gus . Gus stand still , as if he be wait for brady . brady gently put the halter around Gus 's head . he pet he old friend 's face and put he forehead against Gus ' 's , praying softly . brady God , I ask you to take care of Gus on he travel . be with he all the time and protect he . keep he safe , God ... in Jesus 's name I pray , amen . brady 's hand take a firm hold on Gus 's mane . 38 . brady 's face , nervous but determine . Gus 's dark eye blink . kick he foot , brady swing he body onto Gus bareback effortlessly . he steady he nervous breathe . petting Gus gently . hear the wind blow across the prairie . the first ray of sunlight appear in the distance . brady ride Gus , slowly walk across the open field . he kick a little harder , Gus start trot . the sun be up . Bright and blind . Gus be gallop now . brady be back in he element . as he ride the sky seem to get bigger , the plain vaster . ext . brady 's corral - day brady load Gus into Todd 's fancy trailer . he give Gus a kiss on the nose and pet he neck . this be goodbye . he walk out of the trailer , Gus 's eye stay on he as the door swing shut . he hide he sadness as he watch Todd 's pickup and the trailer drive away . int . brady' trailer - hallway - day brady walk in , take off he cowboy hat . he stop when he hear lilly 's voice . lilly ( 0.s. ) here 's the moon ! brady turn and head towards the warm , reddish glow emanate from behind lilly 's bedroom door . int . brady' trailer - lilly 's room - day brady open the door and see Wayne and lilly in she room . Wayne be hold a rotate lamp that project colorful star onto the wall . lilly 's room be already light by a bright pink lamp . the blue star make the space feel like a dream . 39 . wayne look , jump over the moon . Wayne project the half moon from the lamp onto the wall . wayne ( cont 'd ) watch . he grab lilly 's elmo toy and throw it over the moon projection . lilly hey ! my elmo ! Wayne and brady exchange a look . lilly ( cont 'd ) elmo ! be you ok ? look ! lilly hold elmo up at the star on the ceiling . lilly ( cont 'd ) look at all the star ! Blue star swim across brady 's face . see how content lilly be and the warmth between she and Wayne , brady he can not help but to smile . ext . frank 's house - dusk brady walk up to the front of Frank 's house . he whistle . brady Frank ! Frank walk out of the front door , still sleepy in he pajamas . frank brady ? what the fuck be you do here ? brady you still want I to train that horse for you ? ext . frank 's house - corral - morning brady start training a young mare name Crystal . he circle the corral with she . she be agitate . pant , kick dirt . after a few round , he catch she and put a halter on she . 40 . he then carefully put on the saddle , firmly commanding she to stay calm when she try to run . he hold the rein , run in circle around she , force she to turn with he . after a while , she be use to he . he get on . she be nervous . he ride she around the corral , slow at first and then suddenly fast . she seem to be comfortable . everything be go well . brady be back do what he love . ext . franks house - prairie - same day Storm cloud be gather . brady ride Crystal across the hill . he take he pistol out of he gun holder and hold it next to Crystal 's nose , let she smell it before shoot a few time into the distance . Crystal react badly and try to run . brady hold she still , let she smell the pistol again , and shoot again until the horse be desensitize . ext . horse sale - a few day later brady walk towards the horse sale , pass row of pick - up truck and horse trailer . tanner ( 0.s. ) hey brady ! tanner and terri Dawn be sit in tanner 's pick -up . terri avoid eye contact . brady hey ... what 's up guy ? tanner not much ... what be you doin 's ? it 's still awkward between brady and tanner after they fight at the bar . brady uh ... just look for my dad . you see he ? 41 . tanner he be back there in the back pin riding lose horse earlier . brady ok . brady look at terri Dawn . she ignore he . brady give up and walk away . ext . horse sale - back pin - day . the back pen be pack with horse for sale . brady and Wayne be look at a pin fill with at least fifteen horse . they swarm back and forth like fish in a net . wayne Victor be look for a buckskin . what do you think of that one ? Wayne whistle and seem to get the attention of a large and beautiful buckskin . brady look good . Victor do not have money . wayne oh , I think he come up with some recently . int . horse auction - day the horse auctioneer be hold the sale with he fast talk auction chant . the round stand be fill with old-timer . rancher , horseman , horse trader , mostly dress in wrangler jeans and cowboy hat . a woman be hold a raccoon on a leash . a skinny man wear a green trucker hat be riding a horse in the middle of the stand , displace the quality of the horse for the auction . brady and Wayne be at home . they talk to each other , discuss each horse . a young cowgirl , about 15 , wear a brown feel cowboy hat , shyly greet brady and shake he hand in admiration . 42 . int . horseshoe bar - day brady eat a burger , watch Wayne flirt with summer , a blonde bartender , who 's best day be behind she . int . horseshoe bar - later Wayne be gambling at the slot machine with summer . brady walk over . brady you ready to go dad ? wayne in a little bit . it 's clear Wayne have have a few drink too many . brady come on , we need to get to Victor 's . it 's gonna get dark . brady ( cont 'd ) Victor have light . know it 's useless to argue , brady sit down to play the slot machine himself . summer peak over at he . summer ( to Wayne ) be that brady ? wayne yah . she look at he again over Wayne 's shoulder . summer be not you one hell of a bronc rider ? brady stop play , but do not answer . wayne we do not talk about that . summer ok ... brady go back to play , but he mind be elsewhere . 43 . ext . victor' house - evening brady lead the buckskin horse they buy at the horsesale out of a old rusty horse trailer . victor , a lakota man , with a shaven head and smudge with tattoo , stop feed he herd of chicken and greet they . brady watch Wayne and Victor check out the horse for a moment and walk away . he wander through Victor 's land , litter with junk car and old home appliance , almost swallow up by sage bush . he stop when he pass the corral and see a beautiful bay horse tie up by the fence . he walk towards the horse carefully , stop when it start to get agitate . the horse be clearly wild . he reach for the horse 's nose , it pull back violently , eye wild , nostril flaring . gently and patiently , brady reach out and pet he nose to keep he calm . Victor walk up behind he . victor that 's Apollo . brady be he break ? victor some fucker try to ride he and get buck off . he quit and now it 's get all kind of bad habit . brady what be you gonna do with he ? victor probably just keep he wild . brady keep he eye on Apollo for a moment . int . victor' house - night Victor 's live room be dim , cover with wall art . he be hold up a massive joint . victor this right here , be gonna save we . save we all . wayne it may cure the meth . Wayne sit back on the couch , chime in . victor there be gas in here . there be oil in here . there 's cloth in here . there be rope in here . it 's the future boy . brady light the joint . wayne so what do you think about that horse ? victor look pretty nice to I . wayne I want twelve fifty cash . she 's worth way more if you take she to town . victor see you boy check out they car out there . look like you need some part . willing to make a deal ? wayne ... I need a back windshield for a 82 's camero . victor what do you say I throw in that back window and I get seven hundred dollar ? brady rub he forehead , annoyed . wayne Seven hundread ... victor Seven hundred and this bag of weed . brady dad , I know someone that 's 1ll pay more than that . 44 , 45 . victor but I have the cash now . wayne we can take this money now , buy another horse and make some money . you always smoke my weed up . might as well just trade with hima little bit of grass . brady if that 's what you wanna do ... wayne aright , we get a deal . victor damn right . they shake hand . brady look down , it 's pointless to argue . ext . frank 's house - corral - the next day brady train Crystal by riding she and roping at the same time , get she use to the rope . he ride she around the corral as fast as she can . the midday sun be bright . brady struggle with the heat and a headache . brady let 's take a break girl . brady get off Crystal . suddenly he hand shake and grip onto the rein . brady ( cont 'd ) shit . brady try to peel he hand off of the rein . Crystal seem to sense brady 's panic and begin to pull away , yanking brady along with she . brady still can not get he right hand to let go of the rein . brady ( cont 'd ) halt Crystal . halt ! panick now , Crystal shake she head , shaking brady 's arm along with it and back away faster , until - 46 . crack ! Crystal 's body slam hard onto the wooden fence , break the fence in half . the pressure pull the rein out of brady 's hand . out of breath and still in shock , brady hit he hand hard and quickly go over to check on Crystal . Crystal breathes heavily and back away from brady . a trust have be break . brady ( cont 'd ) halt Crystal . halt girl ... brady manage to grab Crystal 's halter and start to pet she . brady ( cont 'd ) I be sorry girl ... Crystal slowly calm down . but brady can not . he look down at he hand . concerned . int . dakota mart - day brady be work . he be in a bad mood . he be lining up woman 's deodorant on the shelf . ollie and sage , two young lakota boy walk by . Ollie be about 15 , tall and good-look . adriano be 12 , awkward , wear a white cowboy hat . Ollie notice brady first . ollie Excuse I . be you brady blackburn ? brady turn around . brady yah ? ollie my 1il brother be a big fan of yours . can we take a picture ? Ollie push Sage towards brady . brady smile and shake adriano 's hand . brady what 's you name buddy ? adriano adriano . 47 . brady adriano . you be gonna be a bronc rider when you grow up ? adriano yes sir . brady put he arm around adriano . brady you riding pony broncs yet ? adriano smile . adriano yes sir . brady you be gonna stick it to they when you get older huh ? adriano yes sir . brady you bet . Ollie take the photo . ollie aright . thank you . so ... you like ... work here ? brady .--. I be just try to stay busy while I be heal up . the two boy nod , slightly confuse . adriano hope you get better soon . and look forward to see you ride . brady thank you , buddy . adriano yes , sir . ollie Nice to meet you . brady you boy spur they high . 48 . the boy walk away . brady look over . adriano wave at he before they disappear around the corner . brady take a moment and start put the deodorant onto the shelf . int . dakota mart - later brady work the check out line . Victor put a basket of baby product down on the counter . victor wow , brady . brady hey , Victor . brady start to ring up he item . Victor look at he . victor what ... you work here now ? brady yah . a man be gotta do what he gotta do I guess . victor hm ... I do not know . you gotta get back to riding horse and rodeo . brady I know . I be riding some gentle one . but I just do not have the stamina like I use to . victor Apollo be wait for you . brady smile , keep he eye on the check out screen . brady he 's a good one go to waste for sure . victor I nil let he go for seven . brady well ... i’1l see what I can do . 49 , victor a horse like that need someone like you . brady smile faintly and hand Victor he grocery . victor ( cont 'd ) hey , do not give up . Victor walk away , leave brady at the check out line . int . brady' trailer - live room - day lilly be read she book out loud . enjoy herself . brady sit on the sofa and take he hat off . brady lil , since you be in high school , what do you think about take up some sport ? lilly well ... do some ... shoot and hoot for ... basketball . brady you wanna play basketball ? wayne the only sport she 's gonna play be barrel racing . lilly no way ! Wayne sit down next to lilly . wayne I stop by family dollar and get you a surprise . he toss a plastic bag to lilly . lilly me? yah ! lilly open it and pull out a pink bra . her smile drop immediately . lilly ( cont 'd ) I do not think you . 50 . wayne you do not think so . why the hell not ? you wanna go to that rodeo with I , you gotta wear a bra . it 's public place . lilly no ! brady watch the usual bicker and decide to join in . brady you be in high school now , lil . you can wear a bra . lilly I do not like ... brady come on . you be fifteen year old . lilly but I do not like fifteen anymore . I just want fourteen year old . brady can not help but to smile . wayne you can not do a fourteen no more dear . lilly yes you well ! because ... it 's like a celebration come on . but I just have ... two , four , six , eight and one , three , five , seven , nine , be not a plan ever ! int . lilly 's room - day lilly be sit in she room next to she pink lamp , cut up the bra into piece . brady walk in and sit next to she . brady hey lilly . lilly pick up a speaker phone that light up every time she speak into it and alter she voice to a strange pitch . 51 . lilly hey . I do not like to wear a bra anymore . it 's all yuckey . brady laugh . brady lil , you know dad be just try to watch out for you right ? lilly yah . I sure better tell he to watch out for the revolve door . he should just grease it . brady if you do not wanna do something you be just not gonna do it right ? lilly right . brady you be stubborn like you big brother . lilly continue to cut the bra . brady watch she and smile . int . brady' room - night brady take some money in a zip - lock bag from under he mattress . he count it . it 's not enough to buy Apollo . he look up and see photo of himself riding buck horse . he look down at he bronc saddle in the corner of the room . ext . black hill pawn - day brady walk towards the pawnshop with he saddle over he shoulder . int . black hill pawn - day brady walk in and notice a roll of saddle ready to be pawn by the door . moe , the pawn shop employee inspect the saddle . 52 . moe definitely look like you get some wear and tear on it . a little rough there . some custom bolt here ... uh ... you definitely use it . brady it 's only be on a hundred horse or so . I win it at a pro rodeo in Cherokee , Oklahoma . moe wow . pro rodeo huh ... saddle , we be pretty stock up on , you know , this time of the year . something like this I can probably offer you , four hundred buck if that 's 1l help you out ? brady you know one of that new one will probably run two , three thousand dollar . moe General rule of thumb , pawn shop offer about a quarter on the dollar , so ... if it 's worth two grant , huh ... maybe just five hundred just to help you out , since you be sell it . you do not want it back . brady think and give in . brady aright ... moe perfect , let I get some paperwork go . while moe be type at the computer . brady rearrange the stirrup . moe ( cont 'd ) you know , I see a lot of cowboy come in with they saddle . a lot of they get rid of they . you can not rodeo forever , right ? brady look down at the saddle , he hand hold onto the rough leather . 53. ext . brady 's trailer - evening brady take the saddle from the back of the pick -up . Wayne be practice roping . wayne what be you do with that saddle ? brady I be gonna pawn it . wayne pawn it ? for what ? brady that big bay horse at Victor 's . Apollo . I think he 's gonna turn out to be a good one . brady wait . no response from Wayne . he turn and walk back to the trailer . int . brady 's trailer - evening brady walk in . lilly be read she book out loud . brady how 's school , lil ? lilly it be fun . brady oh yah ? lilly a sing along . I show you . lilly start to sing a lullaby in Spanish . her voice be beautiful . brady sit back and listen . int . brady' trailer - evening brady be make freeze burger . Wayne walk in and take off he hat . wayne I call Victor . he say you can go pick up Apollo tomorrow . brady what ? 54 . wayne I sell that buckskin to a guy in Minnesota . I tell Victor I 'il pay once I get the money . brady be surprised . he stare at Wayne who be check out the burger on the stove . wayne ( cont ’d ) that burger be bad . he scoops the burger patty up and throw they in the trash , open the fridge and get a bear . brady still stare at he . wayne ( cont ’d ) I be go to the bar . he tap on the freezer . wayne ( cont ’d ) there 's pizza in here for lilly . Wayne drink he beer and leave . brady stand alone in the kitchen . a moment later , he smile . ext . victor' house - day brady lead Apollo into the trailer and shake Victor 's hand . victor good luck to both of you . ext . brady 's corral - day brady use a rope to lasso Apollo 's right hind leg . Apollo be agitate , kick dirt and resisting by the fence . once the rope be around Apollo 's heel , brady tie the other end to a poll . he then grab the saddle . Apollo start the struggle . he be tough and powerful , but he halter and the rope hold he in place . the wooden fence shake violently as he thrust he body to break free . brady put the saddle on he and let he lose . Apollo start buck immediately . brady be not afraid , he welcome it by run at Apollo , get he agitate and buck . brady make all kind of loud and aggressive noise , wave he hat and hand . Apollo buck and run . it 's like a violent dance . finally , Apollo seem to calm down a little . 55 . brady start to flap the stirrup against Apollo 's body . Apollo start to buck again . they go at this for a while until Apollo be desensitize . brady grab the rein and Apollo 's mane . he turn Apollo while keep one of he foot in the stirrup . when he feel comfortable , he swing around and get on Apollo . Apollo 's body freeze . brady start to kick and signal Apollo to move . suddenly Apollo start to run real fast and buck at the same time . brady hang on tight . instead of try to calm Apollo down , brady keep make loud noise , kick and get Apollo to buck . until finally , Apollo slow down and start to run normally . they run around the corral until both be exhaust . brady get off Apollo and pet he . he back away hold the rein , keep he eye on Apollo . brady get on one knee , lower himself to Apollo . brady step forward . come on , buddy , just one step . slowly , Apollo take a step . brady ( cont 'd ) good boy . that 's it . brady gently pet Apollo 's nose . brady ( cont 'd ) I have a big ol 's horse like you name Gus . now that he be go , think you can take care of I ? Apollo 's eye be a light shade of amber . brady smile . Music start . time be pass - ext . wolf camp - dusk - time passing Music continue . brady 's truck pull up to a secret spot in the badland call '' Wolf Camp '' . brady and lilly walk out of the truck towards the edge of the badland . it 's the most breathtaking view at sunset . 56 . the badland stretch towards the horizon . the sky be a beautiful shade of purple , orange and blue . brady and lilly be sit at the edge . lilly good night sun ! see you in the morning ! brady watch the last ray of sun disappear . brady you know lil ... I be sorry I have not be around that much ... busy rodeo and all ... lilly I know . you just ... Long time ago . it 's good . you be fine . I be good . now I be just feel sorry too . brady .+.- do you miss mom ? lilly yah ... I be sure it 's a good adventure again . brady look back at the horizon . the sun have disappear over the badland wall . ext . prairie - time passing Music continue - the sunrise . brady walk around hold a halter , call out for Apollo . brady come on Apollo ! come on buddy ! he stop when he notice Apollo on a hill graze . he whistle loudly . Apollo perk its head up , see brady , and run down the hill towards he . he stop right in front of brady . brady be riding Apollo across the plain . the purplish badland pass they as he gallop . 57 . ext . bill 's corral - evening Music continue - brady train Bill 's horse - a brown Arabian colt that 's never be ride before . Bill be the silver - haire cowboy who ask he for help at the bar . the young horse run around the corral , avoid brady and Bill at first , slip , fall to the ground , get up , run again , panting , agitate . brady be calm . like a fish to water , brady seem to understand every movement of the horse , as if they be lock in some kind of telepathic dance routine . Bill be speechless when brady manage to get on the colt bareback in no time . int . brady 's trailer - live room - time passing Music continue - brady and Wayne be sit at the table , share a joint and look through horse papers . brady Heard about superbar . he be a good old horse back in 60 or so . wish he be buckskin . Wayne take a galp of he beer . wayne every body get color blind in the horse world . brady you can not ride the color , you can not ride the papers . wayne no . the father and son continue to share they knowledge and love for horse . ext . prairie - night - time passing the harvest moon be bright in the sky . the edge of the badland be visible in the dark . 58 . brady walk around by himself . Music end . end of time pass montage . ext . brady 's corral - morning brady ride hard , gallop across the prairie . he slow down , pule on the rein as the sun glare down above he . he rub he brow , suddenly feel faint . he lurch forward and vomit . he lose control , jump from Apollo and staggering before fall collapse onto the ground . int . hospital - er - day brady wake up in the dim hospital room . he be lie in bed , wear a blue gown and oxygen tube in he nose . he lean forward , pull they off and rip off the blood pressure aneroid on he arm . int . hospital - doctor 's office - day brady sit opposite the doctor at she desk , Wayne sit on a chair in the corner . the doctor show he the x-ray highlight the severity of he injury . Wayne sit by brady , slouched in a chair . doctor what 's go on with you hand be call a partial complex seizure . it 's not uncommon with head injury like yours . brady wipe he forehead . Wayne shift in he seat . doctor ( cont 'd ) you brain be send this impulse so fast to you hand that you hand cant keep up . this could explain you dizziness and it 's probably why you faint . brady look down . doctor ( cont 'd ) resting be very important brady ... you dad say you have not be rest at all ? be that right ? 59 . wayne I tell he to rest . he never listen though . it 's lucky he do not hurt he head . doctor if you do not stop you seizure be go to get worse . no more riding , no more rodeo . you cant afford another head injury on top of the one you already have . ok ? brady lean back in he chair . dejected . i/e. pick - up on highway - evening Wayne be drive . he look over at brady . wayne well , brady , sometimes we gotta play the card we be deal . sometimes ... I guess ... dream be not mean to be . brady stay quiet . Wayne look over at he again . wayne ( cont ’d ) you know , I be you dad . you can talk to I . brady continue to keep quiet . wayne ( cont ’d ) too bad you mom be not here . you and she can be stubborn together . brady stare at the disappear light outside the window . his face expressionless . ext . dakota mart - dusk brady stand alone outside the store . the sun have set and people be climb into they car to head home . he spit chew into a empty soda bottle and look up . he notice a young man riding a horse on the side of the highway towards the parking lot . johnny , a young lakota teenager , climb from the horse and tie he to a pole . 60 . he walk pass brady and they nod to each other in acknowledgement before johnny go into the store . brady walk towards the horse . he let the horse smell he hand and pet he . the horse seem out of place in this urban environment of traffic and concrete . brady sigh . int . common cent gas & grocery - night brady clean up the food prep room . wash blood from carve knife . he mop the floor in the dim hallway . he take off he store uniform , change into he cowboy outfit and put he cowboy hat on . int . brady' bedroom - night a collection of brady 's rodeo belt buckle sit on the drawer . prescription bottle , bullet , tobacco chew and a grey color bible on the night stand . brady watch video of himself riding at various rodeo . ext . brady 's trailer - the next day brady stay back in you saddle . brady be training James to ride saddle bronc on a tall training barrel that move like a buck horse , while cat operate it with a lever handle . brady be hold the rope and show James how to keep equal pressure , how to squeeze the swell . brady ( cont 'd ) you be gonna kick . see how that work ? keep the slack out of you rein . brady and James 's hand grip the rope as the large barrel creek back and forth . brady ( cont 'd ) ready ? no slack ! pressure ! where 's the pressure ? 61 . James , he face flushed and dot with sweat , lean back , he arm in the air , rock back and forth in a imaginary ride . brady ( cont 'd ) like that ! perfect . just like that . jame so after that I throw my shoulder back ? brady yes , to get rid of the slack in you rein then up in the air and to you leave . the young James dote on he every word . acting out the action as brady speak . cat lift the lever handle , as James rick back and forth , throw he leg forward , blow air from he cheek as brady give instruction . brady ( cont 'd ) ride like it 's gonna be the last horse you ever get on . because any bronc could be the last one . ext . brady 's trailer - later brady climb up onto the training barrel . cat Big ol 's shaggy bronc . brady laugh as he arrange the rope . brady ok , I be gonna feel the jump . go ahead . cat pull the lever as brady find the right length for he rope . he 's satisfied and give cat the nod to start push . brady rock back and forth , kick he leg out , and turn he rigid body in synchronization with the rock of the barrel . he 's serious and focus . brady ( cont 'd ) see how I go back and across ? cat smile as he push down on the lever . its good to see brady up there again , even if only on a practice barrel . cat lift ! brady 62 . see ? give he some rein . hold hima second then beat he back to the ground ! fast foot ! cat be like water my friend . the intensity on brady 's face lift for a second . he 's already out of breath . he lean forward . brady James , you wanna try ? as brady lean forward he find he can not let his hand be grip around the rope tightly control it . try hard not to make anything of the other boy , he struggle to peel open cat you aright ? brady yes , I be fine . brady pull he hand free and lower himself int . brady' trailer - live room - day go of the rope . and he can not of it in front he finger . to the ground . a rodeo blare from the large tv in the corner of the room . brady hold a yellow cowboy shirt . he 's give James he old rodeo gear since the young cowboy be just start out . brady this be Lane Scott 's old riding shirt . he win about 15 thousand dollar in one summer wear this shirt . it be mine for a while . I probably have my best summer in it . if it fit you , you can have it too . too short in the arm for I . brady hand James the shirt and sit down next to cat . jame damn . 63 . cat some cowboy believe yellow be superstitious . that one lucky though , ha ? brady smile . brady that one must just be ' stitious '. they smile and watch James as he try on the shirt . brady ( cont 'd ) do not make it look bad . James fasten the button and hold out he arm . jame I like it . brady you can try that chap on too . if they fit , go ahead and take they . he watch James try on he chap and spur . like a superhero see someone else wear he cape . jame they fit perfect . thanks brade . appreciate it . brady yep . jame I can not wait to ride in this bad boy . James motion the action of be on a buck horse . he 's try to seem manly , but it do not come off . brady watch James for another moment . James notice he stare and quickly look away . brady James , do you still wrestle ? jame huh ? brady do you still wrestle ? 64 . jame sometimes . have not practice in a while though . cat I be down for a match or two . brady come on . let 's wrestle then . James look confuse . cat smirk , although he too seem unsure if brady be serious . jame why ? brady why not ? we use to practice together . jame yah ... well ... that be tenth grade . cat be a long day . shake it up a bit . brady look determine . James give in . jame aright . ok . brady and James shake hand . the boy start to circle around each other . very soon James have a smile on he face too . they go at each other , wrestle as hard as they can . clearly both of they have some training in the past . it look like a even match for a while . James even seem to have a upper hand . then , suddenly , brady take it seriously . he grab onto James and put he in a choke hold , flip he over he shoulder and pin he onto the ground . James struggle to get out of brady 's hold . his leg kick out . but brady hold he tight , too tight . James struggle to breathe . jame ( cont 'd ) aright ! I be good . brady . I be pin ! 65 . James be clearly in pain . but brady do not let he go , keep he in the choke hold . jame ( cont 'd ) ok ... brady ... cat aright , aright . cat pull brady away from James . jame fuck brady ! now get some air in he lung , James get up quickly . cat you aright ? brady immediately feel guilty . brady do not hurt you , do I ? jame told you I be pin ! told you I be do ! what 's the matter with you !? cat cowboy up partner . James shake he head and walk away . cat walk into the kitchen , leave brady alone . brady wipe he face , steady he breath . he look up at the tv - the screen show the replay of a cowboy riding buck horse in slow motion . ext . cat 's trailer - night a moth rest on the florescent light . the sound of a tattoo gun buzzing . cat be finish up the tattoo of Lane on brady 's back . brady you do not think I be too hard on James , do you ? cat Nah . he be aright . 66 . the room fall silent again . cat look at brady for a moment , while wiping blood off of he fresh tattoo . cat ( cont 'd ) you know , I know about you hand . I know you be not suppose to be rodeo or anything like that . brady do not react . cat start tattooing again . cat ( cont 'd ) must be tough . I know it 's tough . but ... you just gotta learn to let it go , and move on .... cat stop he tattoo gun and look up at brady . cat ( cont 'd ) or it will eat at ya . brady 's jaw be tense . he stay quiet . cat ( cont 'd ) it 's gotta be tough ... I mean ... I understand . brady no . you do not understand . cat stop , look at brady , wait for he to say something else . but brady be silent . int . lane 's room - day brady show Lane the tattoo . pbr bull riding national final be broadcasting on the radio . brady it 's you Lane . you favorite picture of yourself on a bull . Lane be smile and he start to sign with he leave hand . brady ( cont 'd ) S , a , 1 , t , y , salty . brady laugh . brady ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty salty huh . I really like it ! ( more ) 67 . brady ( cont 'd ) I really like how he put the foot on there . that be a pretty good call huh ? Lane sigh with a thumb up , grin . brady be help Lane to change out of he t-shirt into a cowboy shirt . Lane 's body be thin and frail from the lack of movement . on he back there be a large tattoo that read '' say I wont '' . brady help he to put the shirt on one sleeve at a time , wiping drool off of he mouth . there be a large tattoo cover the whole side of Lane 's body - the late legendary bull rider Lane frost riding a buck bull . next to the tattoo , a gastrostomy tube be insert into Lane 's flesh . brady bottom up Lane 's shirt . Lane look up at he . brady ( cont 'd ) look good stud muffin . Lane smile . int . rehabilitation CENTER - training room four physiotherapist help Lane to get on a practice saddle - a saddle strapped on a wooden platform with rein attach in the front . Lane 's shaking hand reach for the horn of the saddle . brady quickly take he hand and place it onto the horn and hold onto Lane 's hand so it do not slip off . it 's a difficult process , but Lane eventually sit onto the saddle . he look up at brady with a big grin on he face . brady take Lane 's cowboy hat and put it onto Lane 's head . brady do not wanna get a sunburn . Lane start to move he body back and forth as if he be ona gallop horse , hold the rein in each hand , while brady hold the other two end of the rein , stand in front of Lane . Lane have trouble keep he head up . brady ( cont 'd ) look up at I brother . look up at I , Lane . 68 . Lane slowly rise he head . shake he body faster as if he be riding fast . brady start laugh with Lane out of pure joy at see he friend spirit so high . brady ( cont 'd ) halt boy . now slow he down a little bit . back he up . Lane stop shaking and slowly pull the rein back . brady ( cont 'd ) now sit up straight . let 's do some lope . go fast ! Lane start to shake he body again . they both start laugh . brady ( cont 'd ) really lope off to the distance huh ? you bet . now stop . say halt boy . let I hear you say halt ... Lane make a low sound through he damage vocal cord . brady ( cont 'd ) good job . now you better watch out . she may start buck . keep a good tight seat on there . you better lift up you rein . Lane struggle to keep he head up . brady ( cont 'd ) lift , lift ... lift ... Lane 's head sink lower . brady ( cont 'd ) you get she pull up now ... suddenly , brady stop smile , a wave of sadness hit he . he look down , take a deep breath and look up at Lane , whose head be still down . brady straighten he body , he face firm . brady ( cont 'd ) look up Lane . look up at I brother . pick you head up . Way up . Lane struggle painfully but lift he head up slowly , with a proud smile on he face . 69 . brady ( cont 'd ) there you go Lane . good work . you get it now . stay tough . brady say goodbye to Lane . they do they usual complicated hand shake . brady help Lane with he hand . then he lift Lane 's arm up so they can give each other a hug . they hug for a moment . brady ( cont 'd ) I love you brother . it 's really good see you . Lane give brady the thumb up . brady ( cont 'd ) gotta get home though . I will be back soon . keep work hard . brady walk away leave Lane behind he . int . brady' truck - day brady drive for a while in silence . loud wind blow outside the window . he try to hold back but can not . tear roll down he face . he quickly pull over and break down sobbing . int . brady' bedroom - night brady put he hat on the wall . take off he shirt and start clean the room . he notice he rodeo bag in the corner , gather dust . he pull he chap and riding rope out of the bag . holding the black and white rope tightly in he hand , stretch out in front of he as if he be riding a bronc horse . then slowly , he stop and put the rope down . brady sit at the edge of the bed and clean he pistol . he sit back in bed and draw the pistol as if he be in a old western movie , aim the gun at himself in the closet mirror . the break mirror distort brady 's face , fracture it as he rub he throbbing brow . lilly 's paper star dot the wall behind he like bullet hole . 70 . ext . prairie - day brady walk around . it 's windy . he whistle and call out for Apollo . he grow impatient . his whistle louder . but there be still no sign of Apollo in the wide open plain . brady keep walk . he stop when he notice something - a break fence . the barbwire be break and tangle . brady quickly run over . blood and flesh scatter the ground . brady find Apollo . the barb wire have badly cut through he joint like a hacksaw . Apollo be breathe harshly . brady look at the deep , bone cut wound . his heart sink . he try to get Apollo to walk , but the injure horse trip and cry out loudly , neigh , panting . brady know what need to be do . he sit down for a moment . look at Apollo for a long time . brady I be sorry buddy . should have stay close to home ... brady take he pistol out of the gun holder . he stand up , take a deep breath , toughen up and point it at Apollo . suddenly Apollo shake he head , panicked , neigh , whining , as if he understand what brady be about to do . the last bit of toughness in brady be go . he can not do it . he uncock the pistol . ext . prairie - dusk the sun have disappear behind the badland . Wayne check the bullet in the pistol and take the rein from brady . wayne whistle for he when you walk away please . brady walk away from they . 71 . Wayne point the gun at Apollo , unmove . he have do this many time . brady stop . he be face away from Wayne and Apollo . he wait for a moment . the wind pick up . he whistle . bang ! a loud gun shot immediately follow , echoing out over the hill . brady steady he breath , stay tough . he spit and walk away . behind he , Wayne take he hat off as he look down at Apollo 's lifeless body . int . brady' trailer - bathroom - night slow motion of brady 's hand , wash away Apollo 's blood . Water drip down he face . his eye be blank . int . brady' bedroom - the next day brady wake up slowly . he get dress methodically for the rodeo . he put he rodeo hat on - a grey feel hat with a eagle feather . he look himself in the mirror . determined . int . brady' trailer - live room - day lilly be read . brady sit next to she . brady I love you lilly . lilly I love you too . brady watch lilly for a moment . brady Apollo get hurt and we have to put he down . lilly no . brady yah . 72 . lilly like skeleton ? brady yah . you know I get hurt too , right ? just like Apollo do .... but I get to live ... he take he cowboy hat off and look at the dent still leave from the horse hoof . brady ( cont 'd ) I be only keep alive because ... I be human ... if a animal around here ... get hurt as bad as I do , we will have to put they down . it just not fair to they if they can not do what they be bear to do ... lilly Heaven . brady yah . they go to heaven . ext . brady 's trailer - day brady load the saddle into he pickup . Wayne walk up . wayne where be you go with that ? brady where do it look like I be go ? I be go to the rodeo . Wayne be surprised . wayne you fuck crazy ? brady I be gonna ride . I figure you 'il come and watch . wayne what the fuck do I wanna come for ? watch you kill yourself ? brady I be gonna fuck ride , aright , dad ? 73 . wayne whatever . you never listen to anything anyone say . brady almost laugh . he turn around to face Wayne . brady I do not listen ?! I always fuck listen . everything you ever fuck say to I ! what happen to '' cowboy up '' , '' grit you tooth '' ? do not you always say '' be a man brady ! Fucking step up , get back on , be a man ! ? '' what happen to all that , dad ? Wayne do not look at brady . his stern face now have a hint of sadness . wayne well , not today . he try to take brady 's bronc saddle from the truck . wayne ( cont ’d ) you do not need to fuck go ... brady bull shit . I be fuck riding ! brady grab the saddle to keep it in place . wayne Fine ! Wayne let go of the saddle . wayne ( cont ’d ) go kill yourself then ! he walk away . brady look at you now . what be you good for ? wayne I make you ! brady watch Wayne walk back to the trailer . brady I be not gonna end up like you . 74 . Wayne stop for a moment , but there 's nothing to say . brady quickly get into the truck and drive away . ext . brady 's truck on highway brady 's truck be see from a distance . a tiny vehicle barrel through the endless badland . int . pick - up on highway brady 's eye be fix on the road . he look down at the passenger seat and notice something - lilly 's recorder . he pick it up and press play . lilly 's cheerful voice rattles out of it . as always lilly 's word be unique only to she , but brady find comfort in hearing she voice . he cant help but smile . lilly I know it 's you train elmo , but I only play a little minute . i’11l give it back , I promise . and you know what ? this be amazing ! good ! always name like I ... lilly ! the recorder go dead . brady 's smile drop and he eye focus on the road . ext . water rodeo - day brady walk into the rodeo with he saddle and gear across he back . he be reunite with the boy . move pass tanner and James , shaking hand as he go . everyone be happy to see he . jame hey brady ! tanner hey brady ! what you do here ? brady force a smile . he take a spot by the fence and start to put on he chap and spur . he look over to see cat give he a look as he too get ready to ride . 75 . the rodeo be in full swing . a bareback rider leap from the gate and be immediately buck off he horse in a cloud of dust . the crowd gasp and cheer as he hit the ground hard . brady put on he spur and prepare he saddle . he keep shaking he right hand . he sit on the saddle on the ground and put chalk onto the grip . another rider approach he . they shake hand . rider good to see you back , brady ! brady yah , you too ! brady go back to he saddle and immediately grab he head , rub he temple . he 's in pain and it show . brady go behind the chute to get he horse ready . the wild buck horse begin to go berserk in the chute . leap up , try to get free . the rider try to hold it down as it kick and struggle against the metal bar . you have to be either brave or stupid to get on a animal like that . brady seem determine to be both . the horse fall to the ground and brady lower he body down dangerously into the chute to pull the horse back to its foot . the horse stand and smashes once again against the bar before finally calming down . brady stop for a moment , watch another ride . he look around and something catch he eye . Wayne and lilly be in the audience , stand by the fence . lilly see brady and wave . brady be surprised to see they . he hold back he emotion and force a smile . Wayne nod at brady , acknowledge he son . letting he know that he family have come to support he . brady nod back , but quickly walk away , jump from the chute and try to focus , do he stretch , go through he routine . the bright sun glare behind he . brady be pace back and forth . he be breathe hard . he look down at he hand and realize that , once again , it 's grip on its own , so tight , he knuckle be pale . he try to peel open he hand but it do not work . he struggle to let go . 76 . brady think for a moment , then he steady he breath and slowly close he eye . the sound of the crowd start to fade around brady . he be not struggle anymore , he just stand there . then - his hand , still tremble , but he finger slowly open up on they own and let go . the heavy rope drop onto the ground . brady open he eye . almost surprised as he look down at he open palm . the boy be call out to he now . it 's he turn to ride . but brady do not move . cat jump off the chute to check on he . cat you aright ? brady look at he relaxed hand and up at cat . brady yah . cat come on then . brady do not move . they look at each other for a moment . brady good luck , partner . brady reach he hand out . cat look at he thoughtfully . then he reach out to shake brady 's hand in a moment of quiet understanding and respect . cat you too , cowboy . brady turn and walk away . Music play - the beautiful moment of the rodeo at dusk . Young rider risk it all in the arena . they friend cheer they on in the chute . kid sit on top of the fence , they dark hair blow in the wind - the next generation of rider . 77 . brady walk towards Wayne and lilly , who wait for he in the distance . wind pick up and blow the dust into the air . ext . highway through badland - dusk brady and lilly sit in the back of the truck . the badland be a shade of purple and blue around they . the road unravel behind be endless , stretch all the way to the horizon . int . rehabilitation CENTER - day Music continue - brady watch as Lane take little step with a walk machine at the rehabilitation center . each step he make be a achievement , each make with great effort and pain , but Lane be smile . his spirit be unbreakable . brady cheer Lane on as Lane walk towards he . Music continue - int . lane 's room - later back in Lane 's room , the boy watch a win bull ride Lane make year ago . he be at the stand , pump he fist in the air . everyone cheer for he . brady and Lane both smile down at the video . lane ( video ) Motors runnin’ , feelin’ great ! brady there 's my brother . Lane have a big grin on he face . the video stop . brady 's smile slowly fade . he struggle with he word . brady ( cont 'd ) I be sorry that I could not be around . I be always rodeo , go so much . I feel bad ... he look up at Lane . brady ( cont 'd ) now I kind of understand how you must have feel ... and ... now that ... 78 . brady ( cont 'd ) I can not rodeo ... for a while ... I can at least come visit you more often . brady look down . it 's painful to finally admit it . brady ( cont 'd ) so ... Lane stare at brady . his hand shake harshly , try to convey he word to brady . brady spell out the word read Lane 's hand gesture . brady ( reading lane 's sign language ) ( cont 'd ) .-- do not ... give up on you dream ... he look at Lane , who nod firmly at he . he continue to sign with he shaking leave hand . brady read . brady ( reading lane sign language ) ( cont 'd ) --- you have ... get a.. better chance than I do ... - you have get a Lane nod again . satisfied to have communicate it to brady . brady look down , hold back he emotion . he get up and stand in front of Lane . brady ( cont 'd ) come on . look up at I brother . he take Lane 's hand and Lane look up at he . brady ( cont 'd ) grab you rein . now wheel they to the leave . Lane pull on brady 's hand as if he be on a horse , and brady 's hand be the rein . brady ( cont 'd ) now to the right ... good job Lane . go ahead , stop he . back he up . Lane pull brady 's hand towards he . brady ( cont 'd ) you still get it . Lane have trouble keep he head up . but he be smile . 79 . brady ( cont 'd ) you be ... you be on big old Gus again . you remember old gus. loping across there . Lane be imagine riding Gus as brady describe it . his face , full of life and hope . Lane begin to remember - ext . badland - dusk the plain and the badland - drift through towards the light on the horizon . brady ( v.o ) through the badland , chase they cow out of the tree ... a horse 's hoof glide through the tall grass . int . lane 's room - day brady the sun 's shine . wind blow . brady 's face , watch Lane . he look calm and content . brady ( cont 'd ) remember the wind on you face . the sun in you eye . Lane lift he head up with a smile on he face . he close he eye . ext . badland - dusk Pov from the rider - the head of the horse as it move through the plain . the horse 's mane blow in the wind . the rider be brady . brady be riding Gus again , in a luminous glow of sunlight . the wind be blow . Gus gallop across the plain . his powerful hoof fly through the grass . brady 's face against the sky , content . exactly where he want to be . CUT to black Music continue - title . credit roll .