for educationai purpose only L int . auditorium . night a immense movie palace with gild carving and three balcony . it look like a opera house . the member of the audience excitedly take they seat . they be dress in black tie and evening clothes . flashbulb go off , the light dim , and a spotlight shine on a dark , thin man with glass . he say in italian ( subtitle in English ) : festival director lady and gentleman , we be very pleased to welcome you to the world premiere of part 1 of the newest film from a great favorite of ours here at loquasto , Mr. Steve Zissou . a brief q & a will immediately follow the screen . thank you very much . the man leave the stage as the spotlight go off . the audience applaud . the word loquasto International Film Festival appear project against a gold silk curtain . the gold curtain open , a red curtain beneath it rise , and the film begin . the first title slide into the center of the frame against a black background . it be accompany by a spin globe logo . title : oseary drakoulias present CUT to : a underwater shot of five diver approach in pale blue wet suit with navy stripe down the side . they wear red flipper and have yellow aqualung strapped to they back . a gold barracuda with black tooth swim by and swallow a translucent starfish with a live shrimp in its stomach . the next title appear in red : title : the life aquatic CUT to : a shirtless man in a knitted red cap stand alone on the deck of a ship . he be fifty . he have silver hair and a beard with curl . a flock of gull descend from above and fill the frame . he look up at they and laugh . the image freeze . title : with Steve Zissou the image un - freeze , and the bird fly away . ext . compound . day a small Mediterranean island . there be a marina in the foreground and a collection of house and laboratory building in the background . title : adventure no. 12 : '' the jaguar shark '' ( part 1 ) int . office . day Zissou stand next to a window in a office overlook the compound and the ocean beyond it . he wear a brown suit with pinstripe and a thin black tie . he speak calmly into the camera : zissou the oubyamywe Peninsula . a remote and fascinating region teeming with extraordinary marine life . Zissou pull down a chain and lower a map from a apparatus mount on the wall . he point with a pencil to a spot on the western coast of Africa . zissou we choose its mysterious water as the belafonte 's next destination . Zissou sit at he desk with chart and graph in front of he and a model of he ship , the belafonte , at he side . zissou in preparation for we voyage , the member of team Zissou gather at my oceanographic observatory here on pescespada Island . the camera slowly zoom in on Zissou . zissou this be to be we most ambitious adventure to date -- and , ultimately , a tragic one . ext . MAIN deck . day the crew of the belafonte set to work on - board the ship . they wear pale blue swimsuit with navy stripe down the side , long -sleeve aquamarine polyester shirt with epaulet and team Zissou logo on they , and red knitted cap . each have a Glock pistol in a holster on he belt . Zissou introduce they in voice-over . zissou ( v.0 . ) we team include : cuT to : a heavy - set , slightly hunch man with a shave head and a bull 's neck but soft eye . he direct the lowering of a mini - sub suspend from a crane . zissou ( v.0o . ) esteban du plantier , 66 , Chief diver . we senior statesman , my close colleague for twenty - seven year . CUT to : a tall , rakish man hold a pair of sunglass in he mouth . he check the air pressure gauge on a oxygen tank . zissou ( v.o. ) klaus Daimler , 40 , engineer . calm , collect , german . CUT to : a spindly indian man with a long beard and a red turban . he put a 16 mm camera onto he shoulder and adjust the focus . zissou ( v.0 . ) vikram Ray , 28 , cameraman . bear on the gange . CUT to : a young japanese - american man in a wet suit tread water beside the ship . a dolphin surface next to he . he stroke it . zissou ( v.o. ) Bobby ogata , 22 , frogman . can hold he breath for seven minute , thirty - eight second . CUT to : a weathered , aristocratic - look man wear headphone . he lean over the railing with a microphone on a boom . zissou ( v.0 . ) renzo pietro , 45 , editor / sound man . CUT to : a very skinny man with goggle on top of he head sit behind a microscope . he hold up a slide and squint at it . zissou ( v.o. ) Vladimir wolodarsky , 33 , physicist / original score composer . CUT to : a wavy - haire girl with freckle , topless in a bikini . she click off a stopwatch and write something on a clipboard . zissou { v.o. ) Anne - Marie sakowitz , 25 , script-girl . CUT to : a dark -skin brazilian man . he hold a burn flare over he head . spark shower all around . zissou ( v.0o . ) pelé dos Santos , 30 , Safety expert . CUT to : a beautiful woman in she late forty stand at the prow of the ship smoking a brown cigarette . her hair be wet , long , and black , parte on the side with a clip in it . she wear a white bathrobe . zissou ( v.o. ) Eleanor Zissou , my wife / vice - President of the Zissou Society . ext . marina , day Seven slightly - build college student dress in team Zissou t-shirt and camp short walk up the gangplank carry extremely heavy equipment . zissou ( v.o. ) we have also invite seven marine science student from the University of North Alaska to accompany we as unpaid intern in exchange for school credit . ext . ocean . day the ship be anchore at sea in open water . a narrator announce : narrator ( v.o. ) October 12 . entry in the logbook of the belafonte by Captain Zissou . ext . MAIN deck . day Zissou and esteban pose in they diving gear look into the camera with they arm around each other 's shoulder . Zissou kiss esteban on the cheek . esteban break a saltine in two and give Zissou half . zissou ( v.0o . ) esteban and I explore the blue reef beyond the peninsula . CUT to : Zissou and esteban swim underwater through a bright blue atoll . a school of gently glow pink fish move past they . zzissou ( v.0 . ) fluorescent snapper unexpectedly appear in the shallow -- extremely rare at this depth . Zissou capture one of the fish with a cloth net . it glow pink beneath the thin fabric . Zissou and esteban laugh through they mouthpiece , and bubbles cascade all around they . ext . MAIN deck . day klaus and ogata look nervously over the side of the ship . the water beneath they bubbles violently and begin to turn red . klaus yell to ogata : klaus where 's you gun ? ogata hesitates . Zissou surface suddenly . there be blood on he wet suit . he rip off he mask and gasp . he look disorient and wildly agitate . he point into the camera and shout with he voice raspy and crack : zissou be that roll ? vikram ! klaus Steve ? what 's happen ? where 's -- z1ssou tail slate ! second stick ! take one ! encounter with highly abnormal shark - like fish at least ten meter in length with unfamiliar dorsal feature and spot all over it ! I shot it dorsally with a home dart ! esteban be eat ! check the scan monitor and start tracking it before it dive too -- klaus ( stunne ) esteban be bitten ? zissou ( pause ) eaten ! klaus ( shocked ) be he dead ? zissou ( emphatically ) esteban be eat ! check the scan monitor before it go too deep ! klaus ( confuse ) be he -- he be swallow whole ? zissou ( hesitates ) no! chew ! check the scan monitor ! ogata be filming with a second camera . he put it down and start to run inside . klaus notice that Zissou 's eye be pin and blood -shot , and there be a green film around he lip . he say to himself : klaus he 's get hydrogen psychosis . crazy-eye ! ( yell to ogata ) wait ! get he out of the fuck water ! there 's something down there ! klaus and ogata scramble down a ladder to help Zissou . klaus say loudly but calmly : klaus Steve , we think you have get crazy - eye ! do not try to -- Zissou suddenly lose control of himself , jerk around and scream hysterically toward the water : zissou esteban ! esteban ! esteban ! esteban ! CUT to : Zissou sit in the audience view the film . he wear a red pin in the lapel of he tuxedo . a gold legion of honor medal hang around he neck . there be a diamond star earring in he leave earlobe . his face look hollow , and he eye be dark and sink . he watch expressionlessly . Eleanor sit beside he look down at the floor . she have she hair in a french twist and wear a sleek , silver dress and pearl . CUT to : Zissou and the director of the festival sit at a table on - stage after the screen . the audience have thin out significantly . the director of the festival point to a man in the orchestra . the man ask a question in italian . the director of the festival translate for Zissou : festival director be it a deliberate choice never to show the jaguar shark ? zissou no , I drop the camera . the audience laugh . the director of the festival translate Zissou 's answer into italian , and the audience laugh again . zissou why be they laugh ? the audience laugh . a exceptionally clean - cut man in he late twenty sit in the front row of the high tier of the balcony . he have short blond hair , parte neatly on the side . he wear a airline pilot 's uniform with a Colonel Sanders - type string tie and have he cap tuck under he arm . he be ned plimpton . ned raise he hand , and the director of the festival point to he . ned speak with the accent of a deep southerner : ned what 's next for team Zissou ? Zissou shield he eye from the light with he hand and squint at ned . he say evenly : zissou well , that be only part 1 . it 's a cliff - hanger . now I be go to hunt down that shark or whatever it be , and , hopefully , kill it . I be not sure how , maybe dynamite . a murmur go through the audience . some of they have already begin to gather they thing and make they way to the exit . the director of the festival look confuse . festival director you do not know what it be ? zissou no . I have never see anything like it in my life . festival director you say it be a jaguar shark . that 's the title of the film . zissou he be come right at we . I say the first two word that come into my head . the director of the festival hesitates . Zissou point to a young woman in the audience with she hand in the air . she ask a question in french . the director of the festival translate for Zissou : festival director it 's a endangered species , at most . what would be the scientific purpose of kill it ? silence . Zissou answer as if it go without say : zissou revenge . the director of the festival translate Zissou 's answer into french . int . lobby . night the lobby of the theatre . a terrace open onto the harbor , and the belafonte be anchore in the distance . the member of the audience flood out of the auditorium . Zissou walk with the director of the festival at he side . a elderly man dress in a safari jacket follow , stalking they . a pale , angular woman wear bright red lipstick and a complex , asymmetrical hat intercept they . pale woman bravo ! what fun ! festival director Steve , I would like to introduce you to antonia cook , the new head of the film society . the woman clasp Zissou ' 's hand . pale woman you must be so excited ! zissou ( distract ) I hope so . you think it go ok ? pale woman no , congratulation . seriously . zissou thanks . I wish it do not need the seriously , but -- pale woman hm ? ( suddenly pensive ) well , I just do not think they know what to make of it . zissou yeah . oh , well . fuck it , I guess . Zissou push through the crowded room . he come upon a seventy - year - old englishman with white hair , oile and comb straight back , and large , round sunglass . he wear a black suit , a white shirt , and a white tie . he be oseary drakoulias . drakoulias take hold of Zissou 's arm and say enthusiastically : drakoulias Steve -- 10 . zissou ( to himself ) it 's a shit turnout tonight . drakoulias ( hesitates ) I believe you know Larry Amin , Chairman of saudifilm . drakoulias motion to a small arab man stand next to he . the man have a neat , white beard and a military - style beret with a jewel pin into it . Zissou nod restlessly . z2i1ssou oh , yeah . hi. drakoulias Larry and I be just discuss we financial predicament . shall the three of we ride out to the party together ? zissou why ? have Larry get that kind of spend bread to invest ? a pair of photographer interrupt : photographer Captain Zissou , can we get a shot of you and Captain hennessey ? Zissou frown . he turn and see a immaculately dress man in black tie and chromium - frame eyeglass with the same medal around he neck and pin in he lapel that Zissou wear . he also have several additional ribbon and badge , and he hold a gold - plate award statuette of a barracuda . he be surround by a japanese television crew . he be alistair hennessey . Zissou say to the photographer : z1ssou make it quick . Zissou and hennessey stand shoulder - to- shoulder for the photographer . the elderly man in the safari jacket stand among they , watch . flashbulb start pop . hennessey hello , Steven . how be thing go with you -- what be you call it ? leopard fish ? zissou jaguar shark . 1i. hennessey ( thrilled ) jaguar shark , exactly ! I love it ! ( gravely ) tell I something . do it actually exist ? pause . Zissou smile slightly . zissou well , you know , allie . I do not want to give away the end . hennessey nod and smile . hennessey good man . here come we girl . hennessey motion to Eleanor approach from across the room . he kiss she on both cheek . hennessey you be the most ravish creature I have see in my life . eleanor hello , skinny . Eleanor point to one of hennessey 's medal . eleanor be that a new merit badge ? hennessey ( pleased ) as a matter of fact , it be . I just become a knight in Portugal . the presidente -- zissou ( interrupt ) do not be nice to allie . he 's my nemesis . hennessey laugh . he kiss Eleanor again and rejoin he japanese television crew . Eleanor take Zissou by the arm and walk with he . zissou how could you lay that slick faggot ? eleanor well , I be in love with he , at the time . 12 . zissou nsigh ) yeah , I know . he 's charismatic . eleanor how be you feel ? zissou ( strangely ) I be right on the edge . I do not know what come next . Eleanor look into Zissou 's eye . she frown . she open she handbag and dig inside . she say to Zissou : eleanor wait here . I x11 be right back . Eleanor walk away . a tall , beautiful African girl come over and stop squarely in front of Zissou . Zissou look nervous . african girl I just want to say hello . hi. zissou ( relieved ) hey , baby . Zissou start to kiss the African girl on the cheek . she block he with she arm and feint away . Zissou look surprised . african girl I say I want to say hello . I do not say I want you to touch I . silence . Eleanor return with a glass of whiskey and two valium for Zissou . she and the African girl stare at each other . Zissou point to bleanor . zissou I be here with my wife . Eleanor , this be mandeeza . mandeeza -- eleanor do we really want to put I through this ? pause . Zissou shake he head . Eleanor hand he the whiskey and the pill . she and the African girl walk swiftly away in different direction . Zissou see the elderly man in the safari jacket spying on he from behind a lamp . the elderly man move away . Zissou swallow the pill and drink the whiskey . he go over to a television set on a pedestal . 13 . it show he be interview on a English talk show . esteban sit beside he . the host say : host ( on t.v. ) people say Eleanor be the brain behind team Zissou . what be Steve ? Zissou hesitates . esteban interrupt slyly : esteban ( on t.v. ) he 's the Zissou . esteban shrug . Zissou smile identically on television and watch it . he reach out and touch esteban 's face on the screen . static crackle at he fingertip . he turn away from the television set and look across the room blankly . klaus bring over a ten-year - old german boy with bronze~ color skin and nearly - white hair in a buzz-cut . he wear lederhosen . he carry a small plastic bag fill with water . klaus Steve , this be my little nephew , Werner . he want to meet you . Zissou pat the boy on the head . zissou how you do , Werner ? Werner hold out the plastic bag . klaus he bring you a present . Zissou take the plastic bag and hold it up to he eye . there be a tiny blue , green , yellow , red , and orange stripe sea-horse swim inside . Zissou say quietly : zissou a crayon pony -fish . Zissou look down at Werner . zissou thanks , pal . Zissou take off he tie and put it into he pocket . he tug on he collar and take a deep breath . klaus frown . klaus you do not look too good , steve. 14 . Zissou lick he hand and press down he hair awkwardly , rearranging he cowlick . he look to klaus . zissou how about now ? klaus hesitates . Zissou see the elderly man in the safari jacket lurking behind he . he snap : zissou what do you need , old man ? the elderly man thrust a photograph and a pen into Zissou 's hand . elderly man could you sign this , please ? Zissou look at the photograph . it be a picture of a young , blond Zissou underwater point a spear- gun at a black squid with four blue eye and yellow ink . a title across the bottom say shadow creature of the lurisia archipelago . Zissou sign the photograph . elderly man and this . the elderly man hand Zissou another photograph . it be a picture of two diver with movie camera filming a swarm of writhe sea-cobras . a title across the bottom say the battle eel of antibe . Zissou sign the photograph . elderly man and this . the elderly man hand Zissou another photograph . it be a picture of a young Zissou run at a full sprint alongside a black panther with white spot . a title across the bottom say Island cat ! Zissou frown . zissou how many you get there ? Zissou see that there be about twenty - five more photograph in the elderly man 's hand . he frown . zissou just forge the rest of they , will you ? 15 . elderly man ( hesitates ) but I could have do that -- zissou get lose . get out of here . the elderly man look startle . he walk away . Zissou see Eleanor stand alone outside the window look into the harbor . he rap on the glass . Eleanor turn to look at he . Zissou shrug . he wave to she . Eleanor wave back sadly . she hold up a pill of she own and swallow it with a drink of whiskey . Zissou smile . ext . auditorium . night Zissou and Eleanor come out of the theatre and walk down the red carpet along the front step surround by a mob of fan and paparazzi snap picture , jostling , and yell . drakoulias , klaus , ogata , pelé , renzo , and vikram follow they . Zissou be blank and silent . he put on he red cap . a tall man in a polo shirt motion to Zissou . tall man hey , Steve ! how come you be not sit shiva for you friend esteban ? Zissou stop . he look at the man . zissou what have you say ? pause . the man shrug and say with a slight smile : tall man who you go to kill in part 2 ? the man point a pocket camera at Zissou and take a snapshot . Zissou stare at the man . he lunge through the crowd and reach for the man 's throat . the man dodge awkwardly and clip Zissou across the mouth with he camera . klaus and drakoulias pull Zissou back . the mob go into a panic . Eleanor light a cigarette . Zissou move away , disorient , hold he hand against he mouth . a line of blood run down the side of he chin . he look at he sea-horse . the plastic bag be leak . 16 . Zissou take a glass of champagne out of someone 's hand . he empty it onto the ground . he pour the sea-horse and the rest of the water into the glass . he walk down the step in a daze , hold the glass carefully above the crowd . ext . MAIN deck . night a party on - board the belafonte moor in the bay . pelé sit on deck play a David bowie song on a guitar . the guest be writer , artist , scientist , socialite , movie star , fashion model , government official , and business tycoon . Three motorboat fly team Zissou flag wait tie alongside the ship . the light of hotel and casinos glimmer on the shore . int . salon . night a live room with faux - wood Formica wall and table for backgammon , chess , and card . drakoulias sit in a red vinyl armchair . Eleanor be on a red vinyl sofa play solitaire . there be strip of duct tape to repair rip in the vinyl . Zissou have a swollen cut on he lip . he pace around the room . klaus and wolodarsky play backgammon in the corner . drakoulias hold a glass of sherry . the party continue outside . drakoulias Larry Amin 's fly back to Mecca tonight to see if he can make the number work . he ' 1l have a answer for we in ten day . zissou ( immediately ) tell he we need to know by Sunday . drakoulias ( hesitates ) why would I do that , my darling ? zissou ( shrug ) to call he bluff , dammit . to light a fire under he ass . drakoultias my darling , we have not make a hit documentary in nine year . let 's not fuck with Larry Amin . explain it to he , Eleanor . 17 . eleanor ( flipping a card ) he understand . Amin have to make a projection of the world gross to see if he can get a tax break and run it through he output deal . zissou I do not understand -- but I can tell it 's bullshit . Eleanor look to Zissou . Zissou stare down at she card . zissou you can put the three on the four . pause . Eleanor move the three of club onto the four of heart . klaus Werner , what be you do ? Werner stand on a table in the corner of the room with he sleeve roll up to he shoulder and he arm reach for a turtle at the bottom of a aquarium fill with water . zissou be careful , Werner . that 's a snapper . Werner lift the turtle out of the aquarium . it have red and yellow marking and a slightly break shell . he flip it over . the word Albert be write on the bottom of the turtle in magic marker . he drop it back into the tank . silence . Zissou shrug . zissou well , if you 'il excuse I , I be go to go on a overnight drunk , and in ten day I be go to head out to find the shark that eat my friend and destroy it . anyone who want to join I be more than welcome . Zissou go out the door . ext . MAIN deck . night the party be in full swing . Zissou put on he red cap and walk purposefully toward the bar . the pilot from the upper balcony at the screen approach he and say reluctantly : 18 . ned Captain Zissou ? I be sorry to bother you . I be ned plimpton . zissou ( distract ) ok , man . ned my mother be Katherine plimpton . Zissou stop . he look confuse . zissou you be kid . ned no. zissou ( hesitates ) how be she ? ned she die last month . zissou ( pause ) oh. I '' sorry . Holy shit . she be -- hm . a long , complicated moment pass between Zissou and ned . Zissou say quietly : zissou I have hear of you . Zissou and ned step out of the crowd and stand together next to the railing of the ship . zissou I do not know if it 's true , by the way . do you ? ned no , I do not . zissou I have not see she in maybe thirty year . ( pause ) I guess it 's too late now . ned nod . silence . 19 . zissou she never contact I , you know . ned yes , I see . zissou you be suppose to be my son , right ? ned I do not know . but I do want to meet you , just in case . zissou I appreciate that . Zissou pat ned gently on the shoulder . he take a deep breath . he nod . ned lock at he with a hopeful expression . Zissou suddenly find himself struggle to hold back he emotion . he look up at the sky . he shake he head . z2issou I will be right back . do not go away . Zissou turn and walk quickly among the party - goer . they try to get he attention , but he do not respond . he climb a set of stair . he go to the prow of the ship . he reach into he pocket , take out a joint , and light it . he stand alone , smoking , and look out at the dark ocean . CUT to : Zissou come back to ned , who have not move a inch . zissou sorry about that . you be catch I with one foot off the merry - go-round tonight . ned oh , that 's all right . I do not want to take up any more of you time . thank you very much for talk to I . drakoulias grab Zissou and ned by they arm . he be now slightly drunk . drakoulias we will find a way , mate . zissou I know we will . 20 . drakoulias hug Zissou . drakoulias I just have a lovely chat with Si perlman , and he want to make a big to - do of the oceanographic explorer article and possibly give you the cover , so do be nice to this girl miss winslett - Richardson . apparently , she worship you , and we dearly need the press . Zissou nod and motion to ned . zissou this be probably my son , ned . we just meet . drakoulias ( pause ) ah. delightful . ext . upper deck . night a long table under a awning at the back of the ship . it be fill with people , include drakoulias , talk loudly and drink . Eleanor sit with she leg cross hold a champagne cocktail and smoking a cigarette . Zissou stand above she with ned just behind they . zissou obviously , this all come unexpectedly . you never know about it . but -- eleanor I would hear the story -- and you tell I it be not true . zissou well , it probably be not . we be talk ancient history here . but , anyway , he mother just die , plus we be have some problem -- Eleanor give Zissou a cold look . ned jam he hand into he pocket and shift uncomfortably . zissou -- and I just think it 's a very special opportunity for all of we . especially he . he need this deal . 21 . eleanor ( quickly ) ok . bring he over . zissou ( hesitates ) well , he 's right here . Zissou point to ned . Eleanor turn around and see he . ned bow awkwardly . Eleanor look flustered . she say simply : eleanor , I be sorry . how do you do ? int . bridge . night Zissou and ned sit in the dark at the control of the ship . light blink on the console . Zissou smoke a joint . zissou no , it go ok . there 's just a lot in play here that 's get nothing to do with you , in term of I and Eleanor . Zissou hand the joint to ned . ned hesitates , then take a puff . he exhales . zissou so tell I . what do you do ? pause . ned point to he pilot 's cap . ned I be a pilot . for Air kentucky . co-pilot , actually . zissou Air kentucky . yeah . I do not know that one . ned ( nod ) we hub out of louisville . zissou oh , sure . there 's some pretty country around that part . land-locked . can I get that number back over here for a second ? Zissou point to the joint in ned 's hand . ned quickly hand it back to Zissou . 22 . ned I beg you pardon . Zissou nod and smoke . ned I have to tell you , I have be a member of the Zissou Society since I be eleven . ned show Zissou a team Zissou ring on he finger . it be very old and look like it come out of a cereal box . Zissou look at it and say with admiration : zissou well , I x11 be damme . look at that . Zissou offer the joint back to ned . zissou you want to kill this ? ned frankly , I have better not . I do not usually try grass . ned take a old - fashioned pipe out of he jacket pocket . he light it with a match , take a puff , and smile at Zissou . Zissou shake he head . zissou be you put I on ? be this what you be really like ? ned ( hesitates } in what sense ? pause . Zissou nod . zissou ok . I buy it . Zissou pick up he model of the belafonte and hold it in he hand . zissou let I tell you about my boat . CUT to : a life-size cross-section of the entire ship anchore in shallow water . the hull be rusted along the water - line and need a coat of paint . it be day , and the sky be pink . Zissou 23 . stand on deck with a fishing pole in he hand . people move among the cabin inside . there be school of fish , coral , and seaweed below . the camera take we from one area to the next as Zissou describe the facility in voice - over : zissou ( v.o. ) the belafonte be a long - range sub-hunter during the second world war , which we buy from the U.S. navy for $ 900,000 . this be my mentor , Lord mandrake . he 's dead now . a silver - nitrate photograph of a dash old man hang on the wall of the dining room . in the picture , the man stand on a beach dress all in white with he trouser leg roll - up . the camera boom down two level to a completely blue-tile spa on the lowest deck . steam fill the air . a sturdy , Nordic woman in she sixty give klaus a violent massage . zissou ( v.o. ) the sauna be design by a engineer from the chinese space program , and we keep a swedish masseuse on staff . we move quickly past a laboratory with a large , colorful periodic table hang from the wall . wolodarsky sit on a stool nocdle on a casio keyboard and a cheap drum machine . a beaker of orange liquid bubbles on a bunsen burner . Zissou say dismissively : zissou ( v.o. ) here 's where we do all we different science project and experiment and so on . we arrive at the kitchen . there be a fancy , new dishwasher , a computerize refrigerator , and a digital toaster - oven . the wine cellar be twice the size of the laboratory . a cook ice happy birthday , ogata ! across the top of a cake . zissou ( v.0 . ) this be the kitchen , which contain probably some of the most technologically advanced equipment on the ship . the next cabin be line with book from floor to ceiling on every wall , with a dewey decimal system card - catalogue . there be a metal rack display a twenty - five volume collection of Zissou Society book on various , esoteric undersea creature and phenomenon : tragedy of the Red octopus , the sexual maturity of the moonfish , the Arctic night-lights . they be all write by Eleanor Zissou , and she sit behind the rack correct a set of proofs and smoking a brown cigarette . 24 . zissou ( v.0 . ) Eleanor put together a top-notch research library for we , with a complete , first - edition set of the life aquatic companion series . we go to a sound - proofed room the size of a closet . vikram sit inside behind a glass partition . he wear headphone . renzo operate a tape recorder . there be also a flat - bed editing console and a accumulation of out - date film develop machine . zissou ( v.0o . ) we process we own rush and keep a cut room on - board so we can do a assembly while we be shoot . there be three little beep before vikram speak into a microphone in a panicked voice : vikram I can not find they ! renzo murmur some mild approval and press a button . we move to a metal sphere with porthole all over it connect to the bottom of the ship . ogata be inside . he look out with he face press against the glass . zissou ( v.0 . ) this be the observation bubble , which I think up in a dream , actually . there be two white dolphin with camera and electronic gear attach to they swim underwater alongside the vessel . they have pink eye . zissou ( v.0 . ) two albino scout swim with the ship . they be supposedly very intelligent , although I have never see any evidence of it . we move past the screw and rudder back up into the ship . the motor look old and jerry -rigged , with a severely rusted and warpe section of rod and valve , which leak into a pan . zissou ( v.o. ) here 's the engine room . the bear - casing be not suppose to look like that , but we can not afford to fix they this year . 25 . the main deck be outfit with a array of weather - beat equipment , two crane , and a helicopter landing deck . pelé sit in a chair tuning he guitar . zissou ( v.o. ) topside , we have get the bridge , the mini - sub , a old chopper , and all kind of radar and sonar and underwater movie gadget . a submersible vessel on deck be once call jacqueline , but that word have be cross - out , and deep search have be print below it . ned ( v.o. ) what happen to jacqueline ? zissou ( v.0 . ) ( bittersweet ) she do not really love I . all the light in the ship dim suddenly , and the light of the pink sky and the blue water gently fade to black . ext . explorer club . day the next morning . a convert palazzo behind a church . a brass plaque next to the door say explorer Club . int . explorer club . day the great hall . there be painting of adventurer on the wall : big-game hunter , arctic explorer , archaeologist , astronaut , aviator , etc . under a stuff and mount swordfish , there be portrait of three oceanographer . one be of mandrake , base on the photograph . one be of Zissou , underwater in a swimsuit . one be of hennessey , dress in a tailore white lab coat , tweed pants , sandal , and a pink cashmere scarf . he wear a supercilious half - smile . Zissou and ned be still in they clothes from the night before . they look very dishevel . Zissou point to the picture of hennessey . zissou this guy 's a big-time asshole . we be room -mate at the Academy , and he use to be marry to Eleanor . ( more ) 26 . zissou ( cont would ) ( pause ) he hog up all the grant money . the dining room , which be empty except for a few leathery , battle - harden old man and a group of young academic . a waiter stand beside Zissou and ned at they table . zisssou you think you will want to change you name ? ned ( hesitates ) ned ? zissou no , not the ned part , unless you want to . I mean you last name . I think you might let I give you mine . ned {pause ) ned Zissou . zissou ned Zissou , exactly . or , if you want , you can change the first part , too . I would have name you kingsley if I would hada say in it . ned kingsley . I do not know . maybe I will stick with ned , for now . zissou sure . that 's ok . anyway , I will order you some correspondence stock . the waiter open a bottle of red wine and pour a little bit into ned 's glass for he to taste . Zissou look horrify . he say to the waiter : zissou what be you do ? the waiter hesitates . ned look uneasy . zissou he do not know anything about wine . I order the wine . pour it here . 27 . the waiter pour some wine for Zissou . Zissou lean forward and sniff it . he nod . the waiter fill they glass . ned you know , I be not sure you have even want to meet I . zissou yeah . well , we still need to find out if we be really compatible as father and son , I guess . ( annoyed ) be that asshole talk about I ? one of the young academic at the next table say loudly in italian ( subtitle in English ) : young academic no , I think that be Steve Zissou . have you see he lately ? he 's get creepy . he wear a gay little earring , and he drunkenly try to hit on my fifteen - year - old cousin at a french disco . she be terrify . what happen to he ? his last movie be just total -- one of the young academic 's companion whisper something to he . the young academic frown . young academic what ? no . the young academic turn around quickly and look Zissou square in the eye . Zissou stare at he coldly . the young academic look mortify . he turn away and sink into he chair . silence . Zissou suddenly burst out laugh hysterically . ext . STREET . day a narrow , cobble - stone alley at the edge of a square . Zissou sit on a curb in the shadow curl over with he head bury in he lap and he arm wrap around he knee . ned squat beside he . zissou people tell I when someone say something like that about you , it 's because they be jealous -- but it still hurt . ( with a catch in he voice ) it hurt bad . 28 . ned that man be damn rude . he can go to hell . Zissou stand up . he take the earring out of he ear and throw it into the street . ned pick it up and hand it back to Zissou . Zissou put it into he pocket . ( he will never wear it again . ) zissou how have she die , by the way ? you mother . ned ( pause ) she take she own life . she take sleep pill . zissou owound ) why would she do that ? ned well , she be in a great deal of pain , you know . zissou ( quietly ) oh. I see . yeah. ( pause ) you know , my best friend just get kill . esteban . ned I know he do . I be sorry . Zissou nod . pause . zissou let 's go to my island . ned ( hesitates ) well , but I be suppose to be back in kentucky on Thursday . zissou Thursday , ok . that 's ok . Zissou look up and down the street . he turn to ned . zissou where can we charter a water - plane around here ? 29 . ext . ocean . day a small , single - engine sea-plane fly low over the water and bank around a group of tiny , volcanic island . ext . marina . day Zissou and ned climb out of the sea-plane onto the dock at pescespada Island . Zissou carry a open bottle of black rum , and each hold a shot glass . they walk toward the compound . ext . zissou house . day the main live quarter be a white and pale blue terra-cotta house with peel paint and numerous french door , all wide open . White curtain ripple in the breeze , and dozen of domesticate bird fly in and out of the room . five siamese cat prowl around the front porch . there be olive tree and grape vine and two irish wolfhound in the garden . there be a small wooden tower ten foot tall with a ladder up the side and a telescope on the top . Eleanor stand at the end of the path . she wear white pants and a white tunic with a string of turquoise bead around she neck . she hold a white tulip bulb and a trowel . there be grass stain and dirt on she clothes . she watch as Zissou and ned shuffle over to she . Zissou drink the last of the rum and hand ned the empty bottle . eleanor you cat 's dead . zissou ( stunne ) what ? which one ? eleanor marmalade . I be sorry . zissou ( pain ) what happen ? eleanor a rattlesnake bit it in the throat . 2issou ( hesitates ) goddammit , Eleanor . why do you have to ( more ) 30 . zissou ( cont would ) say it like that ? could not you break it to I a little -- Eleanor turn away and walk into the garden . Zissou and ned stand together in silence . Zissou finally sigh and say : zissoou she 's a rich bitch , you know . she be raise by maid . her parent pay for this island and two of my worst movie . ( pause ) people say she 's the brain behind team Zissou . ned people say a lot of thing . what kind of cat be it ? zissou ( upset ) who give a shit ? pause . Zissou say sadly : zissou I think she be a tabby . ned nod . Eleanor finish plant she tulip and walk past Zissou and ned , toward the house . eleanor come inside , ned . let 's make - up a room for you . ned look to Zissou and follow Eleanor into the house . Eleanor say without look back : eleanor that reporter call . Zissou nod . he go over to a bucket of ice near the front door and take out a fish . he walk through the garden to a large swim pool adjacent to the laboratory building . he stand on the edge of a platform and hold the fish out over the water . he wait expressionlessly . a killer whale burst into the air , take the fish out of Zissou 's hand , and splashes back into the water . int . zissou house . night a guest bedroom . ned be asleep with the window open . a digital flip-clock read 2 am . Zissou 's voice shout from a intercom next to the bed : ned open ned find 31 . zissou ( v.o. ) ned , wake up ! he eye and look around the room in confusion . zissou ( v.o. ) I be on the echo-box ! push the red button to answer ! throw on you slop and meet I on the beach in twelve minute ! the intercom . he hold down a red button and say : ned ok . ext . beach . night there be a mist along the shore . ned have a tape recorder sling around he neck . he wear headphone and hold a microphone . klaus carry a 16 mm camera with a spotlight attach to it on he shoulder . Zissou and ogata stand in front of they . they have large flashlight , which be turn off . they all wear pale blue and green stripe pajamas . Zissou speak into klaus 's camera : zissou seven-apple , take one . ( dramatically ) only twice before have I have the good fortune to observe a rubber tide -- that rare occurrence when hundred of electric jellyfish spontaneously wash onto a beach - head at once . ogata bring exactly this to we attention tonight . Zissou nod to ogata . they turn on they flashlight . there be a sea of man-of - war awash on the shore . they shimmer and breathe in the soft glow . silence . ned Steve , what produce that effect of illumination ? be there a chemical inside the organism ? zissou ( pause ) no , ned . it 's actually the reflection of we flashlight off they outer membrane . ( impressed with ned 's line ) that be a good ad-lib . Zissou stare at ned . he turn to klaus suddenly . 32 . zissou klaus , move into a two - shot of I and ned . Zissou stand next to ned . klaus point the camera at the two of they . Zissou put he hand on ned 's shoulder and say with heighten significance : zissou would you like to join my crew ? klaus look horrify . ned hesitates . ned what do you mean ? zissou I want you on team Zissou . ned look surprised and move . klaus cut the camera . ned say reluctantly : ned I do not think I can do that . zisscu ( throw ) why not ? ned well , for one thing , it 's not my field . I do not have the background for it . zissou nobody here do . klaus use to be a bus griver . wolodarsky be a high -school substitute teacher . I find esteban slinging cassoulet in a cheap road - side brasserie . ( stand on he toe ) we be all a pack of stray -- do not you get it ? ned I be not even that strong of a swimmer , Steve . Zissou stare at ned with a blank expression . ned say suddenly : ned the answer be yes . 33 . zissou well , it 's get to be . i’1ll order you a red cap and a speedo . Zissou hug ned . ned seem overwhelm . Zissou turn to klaus . zissou cut . Zissou see that klaus be point the camera at the ground . zissou klaus ! why be not you roll ? you be suppose to be get this . klaus can I have a word with you , please ? Zissou frown . he go over to klaus , and they speak privately . zissou that be a goddamn tear -jerker . why would you eut it , man ? klaus because the sound 's go to be shit . he do not know how to hold a boom . he do not know diddly - jack about what we do . zissou do not cut unless I say cut . ned ( excitedly ) I have never see so many electric jellyfish in my life ! Zissou and klaus look at ned . a voice behind they say : jane that be viet -cong man-of -war . they all turn around and see a pregnant , thirty - year - old woman with three suitcase stand about twenty - five foot away in the mist near the water . she wear roll - up khaki short , a safari jacket , and rubber boot . her hair be ina braid pony -tail . she chew gum . she lock severely exhaust . 34 . Zissou stare down at one of the man-o- war . he nudge it with he foot . zissou shit . she 's right . I guess we will have to loop that line . ( to Jane ) where have you come from ? you look pregnant . jane I be pregnant . I be not even go to ask what you man be do out here in you match pajamas , by the way . zissou ( annoyed ) we be produce a film , as matter of fact . who be you ? jane I be Jane winslett -richardson . I be the reporter from oceanographic explorer . zissou oh , yeah . sure . how have you get out here ? jane I hire some drunk with a fishing boat . zissou ( hesitates ) well , that take four hour . why have you -- jane because no one pick I up at the f-ing airport . zissou you be kid . Jesus Christ , klaus ! I be sorry . one of my guy be suppose to do that . int . corridor . night ned and klaus carry Jane 's suitcase down a long hallway . Zissou and Jane walk with they , empty-hand . there be action - photograph of crew member past and present on every wall . Jane say to ned : jane how long have you be work with Zissou ? 35 . ned ( hesitates ) approximately only ten minute , actually . I be hire during the scene on the beach . klaus ( skeptically ) he 's Steve 's son , supposedly . jane ( surprised ) you be ? no , you be not . he do not have one . zissou ( warmly ) well , we be not 100 percent sure about that . we just meet yesterday . CUT to : Zissou and klaus stand outside of Jane 's room while ned lug she bag through the door . they see Jane 's reflection in the bathroom mirror as she shake some sand out of she shoe . she be cocked over with she shirt tug up in the back . she blow a bubble . Zissou look to klaus . klaus raise a eyebrow . Zissou shake he head . zissou not this one , klaus . klaus hm ? zissou you hear I . not this one , klaus . klaus ( shrug ) ok . int . camera equipment closet . night the room be fill with rack of lense , filter , tripod , etc . Zissou put a can of expose film into a refrigerator . Eleanor stand in the doorway dress in she white bathrobe . eleanor what be you go to do with he ? 36 . zissou who ? ned ? what do you mean ? ( hesitates ) I do not understand the question . Eleanor shrug . she turn away and start to go . zissou I offer he a spot on the belafonte . Eleanor stop and stand with she back to Zissou . she say darkly : eleanor he do not take it , do he ? zissou ( urgently ) of course , he take it . we be go to put he on the map , Eleanor . we be go to throw he a life saver . I believe in this boy . eleanor why ? pause . Zissou shrug . he say simply : zissou because he look up to I . int . corridor . night ned stand at the end of the hallway talk on a wall - mount telephone . he hold a Air kentucky travel bag of toiletry . ned yes , sir . and mckinnon 's willing to take over my shuttle flight . that 's right . ned listen for a minute . he say quietly : ned well , I just feel I need to see this thing through , sir . ( pause ) thank you for understanding . i’11 check in with the louisville office again next month . CUT to : 37 . ned walk barefoot down the corridor . he go past one of the guest room . the door be half -open . he stop and listen . a bach cassette play on a tape recorder , and Jane say ina loud , measure voice : jane perhaps if she eye have not be quite so black -- which be what strike one most forcibly on first see she -- I would not have be , as I be , so especially enamor of they imagine blue . ned lcok inside . Jane be sit - up in she bunk . she wear a army issue bathrobe and have a copy of a book by marcel proust in she lap . her bag be unpack , and clothes , papers , and junk - food wrapper be strewn all over the room . she see ned . ned freeze . he duck out into the hall . Jane frown . she say loudly : jane hold it . ned look back into Jane 's room . pause . ned be that a poem ? jane ( hesitates ) no , it 's a six - volume novel . Jane point to the other five volume stack on a chair next to the bed . ned mercy . be you go to read the whole thing to yourself out loud ? jane I be not read it to myself . I be read it to he . Jane point at she stomach . ned nod . ned that 's nice . I bet it 's 1ll make he smarter . Jane shrug . pause . she point at ned . jane when do you learn Zissou be you father ? 38 . ned look uneasy . Jane raise a eyebrow . jane do it freak you out for I to ask that ? ned no , but it 's a difficult question . I sort of piece it together over the year . jane well , how do he first contact you ? ned he do not . I come look for he after my mother die last month . she have ovarian cancer , and then it spread to she stomach and liver , and then she take she own life . jane ( pause ) oh. ned well , good - night , I guess . jane good-night . ned lcok to the door . he look back to Jane . pause . ned do you mind if I stay and listen for a little while ? jane ( long pause ) ok . ned quickly take the stack of book off the chair and sit down . Jane shrug . jane you want I to catch you up on the story ? ned no , I ' 1l1 figure it out . Jane nod . she turn the page and continue . 39 . ext . zissou house . day the next morning . Zissou sit outside in a yellow fold lawn chair . klaus and Jane stand beside he . the patio door be open , and ned sweep the kitchen floor in the background . he be dress in he pilot 's uniform and a team Zissou apron . Zissou slice open a large cardboard box with a diving knife . zissou they make they for three and a half year before they terminate my sponsorship . Zissou hold the knife in he tooth while he pull away some bubble wrap and spill out a pile of styrofoam package peanut . the box be fill with white sneaker with aquamarine lace and aquamarine , navy , and swim - pool - green stripe . the label on the sneaker read : adida Zissou . Zissou take out a pair and check the size . he say quietly : zissou I have say this lot come from around 1987 . Zissou slip on a pair , stand up , and start jump up and down , bounce on the fresh tread . he say wildly enthusiastically : zissou wow ! this be great ! int . writing shed . day a tiny hut the size of a closet . Eleanor sit in a green velvet armchair with a board cover in billiard - table feel across she lap . she be write on a yellow legal pad . drawing and photograph of different species of penguin be pin all over the wall around she , along with dozen of picture of she observe and photograph they in the arctic . ned walk past the window carry he mop and a bucket of scapy water . Eleanor hesitates . eleanor ned ? what be you do ? ned stop and look to Eleanor . pause . 40 . ned Steve give I a few assignment to finish before lunch , and I want to get right on they -- first day and all . Eleanor frown . ned see a small live penguin chew on a sardine in a wicker cage next to bleanor 's chair . ned look surprised . he point at the penguin . ned can that gentleman survive here ? eleanor ( distractedly ) him ? yeah . ned shake he head , impressed . he speak quietly to the penguin : ned you must be perspire under that tuxedo , my little companion . Eleanor stare at ned 's pilot 's cap . she have a distant look in she eye . eleanor kentucky . I once have a dirty weekend in kentucky . ned ( hesitates ) a dirty weekend ? what 's that ? Eleanor look at ned curiously . she start to go on but stop . she say frankly : eleanor a dirty weekend be when you be in a place where you be not suppose to be , with someone you be not suppose to be with . can I say something to you as you potential stepmother ? ned ( catch off - guard ) I would be delighted . eleanor be careful . ok ? ned hesitates . he look at he mop and say vaguely : 41 . ned I will not walk on it ' till after it 's dry . eleanor I '' not talk about the floor . int . laboratory . day a underground room fill with out - date computer and recording equipment . a large window look into a deep swim pool with the killer whale in it . wolodarsky sit in a comer mixing chemical , which rapidly change color . Zissou and Jane sit across from each other at a metal desk . Zissou wear he team Zissou shirt and match aquamarine pants with navy blue stripe down the side . Jane have a tape recorder and a little notebook in front of she . Zissou be eat a banana . jane May I turn this on ? zissou ( chew ) Fire one . Jane press record on she tape recorder . she say directly , with earnest concern : jane so what happen , in you opinion ? zissou {pause ) what be you talk about ? jane well , do not you think the public perception of you work have -- zissou ( frown ) that 's you first question ? I think this be suppose to be a puff-piece . jane ( hesitates ) should we come back to it ? z21issou ( sigh ) yeah . 42 . jane ok . be it true this be go to be you last voyage ? zissou ( stunne ) wow . no comment . who tell you that ? no , goddammit -- I be only fifty - two . let 's warm up with some stock dialogue , ok ? favorite color : blue . favorite food : sardine . jane how do you feel about part 1 of you new film ? zissou ( pause ) why ? how do you feel about part 1 of my new film ? jane ( reluctantly ) well , I be honest , you know . I do not think I should -- zissou just say it . jane ( pause ) I think aspect of it seem slightly fake . Fake in the sense that -- zissou wolodarsky , you want to take five ? wolodarsky look at Zissou . he hesitates . he get up carry a beaker of bubbling liquid and go out of the room . Zissou turn on Jane and say aggressively : zissou do it seem fake when my best friend get bitten in half right in front of I ? and then eat alive ? scream ? Jane look stricken . Zissou point at she and say brutally : zissou I think you be fake . I think you be a phony and a bad reporter . how do that feel ? tell I something : do this seem fake ? 43 . Zissou make a face express pure , animal rage . Jane shout at he : jane how dare you ? this entire article be my idea ! no one else give a shit ! zissou ( disturb ) what about Si perlman ? jane be you joke ? he 's not even cover my expense ! pause . Zissou say carefully : zissou you be take something out on I . Jane look confuse . she turn away and tear suddenly stream down she face . Zissou hesitates . zissou stop cry . what 's the deal here ? I be just try to defend myself . Jane look back to Zissou , furious . jane well , you do a great job . congratu - lation . you 'il make a terrific father . ext . garden . day ned come around the corner , onto the path , carry two full bag of trash . he stop suddenly . klaus be in front of he , block the way . klaus so you really think you be a Zissou ? ned ( pause ) I do not know . klaus well , you travel a long way for I do not know , sonny . ned that 's true , but it 's important to I . 44 . klaus yeah ? well , a lot of thing be important to some of we around here , sonny . ned klaus , do not call I -- klaus and another thing : it 's the Steve Zissou show . it 's not the ned show . klaus slap ned briskly in face . ned look stunne . klaus you hear I ? ned ( pause ) I do , sir . klaus turn away and start up the path . the garden lamp flicker on . ned klaus , if you ever touch I again I will kick you goddamn tooth out . be that understand ? klaus stop . he look back to ned . he laugh to himself self - consciously and say , try to sound intimidating while search for the word : klaus not if I do not see you first , sonny . int . zissou house . night ned 's bedroom . Zissou stand in the doorway with a small cardboard box in he hand . he be dress in he stripe pajamas . ned sit on the edge of the bed , look down at the floor . zissou we get to watch ourselves around this dane character . do not tell she anything personal , and if you be in doubt about something , change the subject and look for I . this bull - dyke 's get something against we . 45 . ned ( without look up ) I do not think she 's a lesbian . she 's pregnant . zissou bull -dyke can get pregnant . anyway , I have back - out now , but we need the press . see you in the morning . Zissou start to close the door . ned finally look up . ned Steve ? Zissou stop and wait . ned say quietly : ned when do you first hear about I ? Zissou look away . he think for a minute . he look back to ned . zissou around five year ago , I guess . I read it in a article about myself . ned ( pause ) do you believe it ? zissou ( shrug ) it be in the paper . I assume they check they fact . ned then why do not you contact I ? zissou ( pause ) because I hate father , and I never want to be one . silence . ned nod . Zissou go out and close the door . he immediately open it again . z1ssou I forget . you correspondence stock come in . Zissou set the little box on the table . he go out and close the door . ned walk over to the box and open it . 46 . insert : a pale blue notecard with kingsley ( ned ) Zissou engrave across the top . CUT to : ned stare at the card for a long time . int . corridor . night Jane stand at the end of the hallway talk on a wall - mount telephone . she sound depressed and anxious : jane hi , Ross . we start this morning . it go pretty weird , but I still feel strongly there 's a story in this . it might not be a comeback like I be predict , but something 's go to happen . he 's get a son I have never hear of . anyway , I x11 forward some page to you through the copy department . ( pause ) you be probably right , though . what be I do here ? I miss you , and -- God , I do not know , Ross . where be you ? Jane look down at the floor . she shake she head . her voice crack as she say : jane listen , I be not leave this message . I do not even know why I be still pregnant . all my best , Jane . insert : a hand hold a Polaroid of ned in a team Zissou uniform stand at the end of a dock with the belafonte behind he . a second hand bring in another Polaroid of ned ( closer and now wear a red Zissou cap ) and hold it next to the first . CUT to : Zissou and ned stand together at the end of the dock look at the Polaroid . ned still wear the team Zissou uniform . Zissou swing he thumb toward someone down the beach . zissou the script girl use this for continuity . 47 . ned nod . Zissou tuck the Polaroid into he pocket . he hold out a Glock and a box of bullet . zissou here. ned ( hesitates ) oh. uh -- zissou no exception . everyone have one . ned be reluctant to take the pistol . Zissou yell to anne- Marie lie on a towel on a chaise longue on the beach read a paperback copy of the exorcist . there be a Polaroid camera and a bottle of sunscreen on a basket beside she . zissou anne-marie ! do the intern get glock ? anne-marie ( turn a page ) no . they all share one . zissou ( vindicate ) take it , ned . ned take the Glock . klaus 's voice shout from a intercom mount on a post : klaus ( v.o. ) Steve ? you there ? oseary on line one ! pause . Zissou turn suddenly and sprint full - speed toward he office . ned run after he . int . office . day Zissou be behind he desk with a old speakerphone in front of he . ned sit across from he . drakoulias 's voice come over the line : drakoulias ( v.0 . ) I speak with Larry Amin , and it 's a pass . silence . Zissou nod . zissou in other word , you fuck we . 48 . drakoulias ( v.0o . ) ( hesitates ) let 's not cast stone at one another , my boy . ( scream ) do you hear I , dammit ! zissou ( scream ) no , I do not ! I tell you how to play it , and you just -- drakoulias ( v.o. ) ( scream ) listen here , mate ! if you think -- ned May I interrupt for a moment ? Zissou look to ned. pause . drakoulias ( v.0o . ) who in the blaze be that ? ned it 's I . ned . maybe this be nothing , maybe it 's something . I do not know you problem -- I do not know -- but I just inherite $ 275,000 . would that amount make any difference ? Zissou stare at ned. silence . drakoulias ( v.0 . ) what sort of expression be the lad wear on he face ? ext . laboratory . day Zissou and ned walk quickly across a narrow metal bridge over the killer whale tank . Zissou look back to ned and say : zissou can you fly a chopper ? ned hesitates . Zissou open a metal cabinet fill with snorkel and diving mask . he take a set of key off a little hook inside the door and close it . ned I have , but I be not license in any way , shape , or form . 49 . zissou ( hand ned the key ) good . let 's go . Zissou walk back across the bridge . ext . compound . day the yellow team Zissou helicopter fly out from behind one of the building and bank out to sea . int . helicopter . day ned fly the chopper over the water . he wear a team Zissou flight -suit . Zissou sit in the seat beside he . the engine be extremely loud and make erratic , grind sound . ned look uneasy . he yell over the sound of the motor : ned when be this whirlybird last service ? z2issou I do not know ! klaus be suppose to check it every six month ! int . high -rise . day drakoulias 's office on the top floor of a twelve-story building overlook the city . every surface in the room be make of white marble , set at right angle , except for the chair and sofa , which be black leather . there be a gigantic marble desk with one black pen on it in the middle of the room . Zissou and ned stand at the window , wait . the door open . drakoulias walk quickly into the room and start talk . he be follow by a well - groom thirty - year - old man in a savile row suit . he be Phillip . drakoulias you be back on the water , boy . the wire transfer come in from kentucky straight away , and jackman and wordsley will gap - finance the rest -- but there 's a few hook on it , so take a pew for a spell . drakoulias sit at he desk and motion for Zissou and ned to join he , which they immediately do . drakoulias one . the bank 's go to need a drug screen from everyone on the crew before they 's 1ll release the fund . zissou a piss test ? drakoulias yes , a piss test . two . a stooge from the bond company 's go to be riding with you for the whole shoot to keep you on budget . zissou who 's the stooge ? drakoulias a chap by the name of Bill ubell , and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . Three . they want you word you do not intend to kill that shark or whatever it be , if it actually exist . zissou ( pause ) I be go to fight it , but I x11 let it live . how about my dynamite ? drakoulias Phillip ? dynamite ? Phillip nod and write something on a little card . drakoulias stand up , cross to the door , and open it . drakoulias I be off to Zurich , boy . a forty - five - year- old man in a short - sleeve shirt and tie sit in the wait room just outside the office . he wear aviator- style eyeglass and have a briefcase in he lap . he be Bill ubell . he stand up and come to the door . drakoulias Mr. ubell , I have like you to know Steve Zissou , and this be we equity partner , ned . int . elevator . day Zissou , ned , and Bill ride down through the center of a wind staircase in a old , wringht - iron elevator car . zissou I hope you be not go to bust we chop , Bill . 51 . bill ( hurt ) why would I do that ? zissou ( shrug ) because you be a bond company stooge . bill ( wounded ) well , I be also a human be . Zissou hesitates . he nod . he say gently : zissou all right . I take that back . yeah . Zissou put out he hand , palm down . zissou let 's have some teamsmanship . Zissou bump ned with he elbow and whistle . ned put he hand on top of Zissou ''s . Zissou and ned both look to Bill . Bill reluctantly put he hand on top of theirs . Zissou shout abruptly : zissou Ho ! montage : Zissou , ned , and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from the belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform -- to the marina at pescespada Island . Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread out across a table . Zissou draw a route with a red sharpie , stick pin in different spot , spin a compass , and move around a tiny model of the belafonte . Eleanor shake she head , rearrange everything , and open a bottle of liquid paper . Zissou lead he crew on a brisk run along the beach . he nod to Jane shortly as they pass by she in the garden . ned stop and jog in place . he give Jane a tiny sand - dollar . it glitter . ned say something and Jane laugh . Zissou look back and shout at ned . ned sprint to catch up . klaus peel a strip off a chart on the wall label shoot schedule . he throw the strip out the window . Bill sit at a desk in the corridor type number into a calculator and make notation in ledger book . wolodarsky sit in a broom 52 . closet play two casio keyboard simultaneously . a piece of tape on the door say record in progress . vikram stand in front of a window filming pelé , who hold a color chart in front of he face . renzo sit in a corner eat a tuna fish sandwich with he headphone on . Eleanor study a bulletin board label stunt work . she put a X across the word skydive into volcano . the intern stand in a row outside as Zissou walk in front of they yell like a drill sergeant . they look terrify . Anne - Marie quickly load a Polaroid camera with film . she press stop on she stopwatch and look at it . she be topless . omitted pelé jam a stick of dynamite into a pile of rock underwater . he jump into a trench with a snorkel still in he mouth and crouch next to wolodarsky . there be a large crate of explosive beside they . wolodarsky spit on he finger and rub two wire together . the dynamite explode , blast a shower of water and fish into the air . wolodarsky make a notation on a clipboard . ogata show ned how to adjust the valve on he aqualung . they put in they mouthpiece and tip-over backwards into the killer whale tank . CUT to : Zissou and klaus give ned c.p.r. ogata hold down ned 's foot . Zissou count off the beat as he press on ned 's chest : zissou one , two , three . klaus blow into ned 's mouth . Zissou go again . zissou one , two , three . klaus blow into ned 's mouth . ned wake up suddenly , cough and choke . zissou here he be ! here he come ! ned ? be you ok ? ned nod , gasp , and sit up . Zissou hold he by the shoulder . everyone look nervous but relieved . zissou ok , give he some room . he 's ok . just drank a little water , that 's all . 53 . Zissou turn and see vikram filming the scene . he look up at the sky , then back to vikram . zissou how you shoot this , vikram ? Wide -open ? Eleanor watch from the window of she write hut . int . lounge , night a rec-room with a ping - pong table , air hockey , and a team Zissou pinball machine . ned sit on a old pale blue , vinyl sofa watch a beat - up , portable television set on top of a foot-locker . he be dress in a bathrobe and have a thermometer in he mouth . klaus , ogata , pelé , and wolodarsky sit around he . insert : the television set . a tape of a early episode of the life aquatic be play . there be a shot of the belafonte trap in a polar ice floe . the crew be on deck in team Zissou parkas and fur . Zissou serve they hot chocolate with marshmallow . ogata look to be about twelve year old , and klaus have a mohawk . Zissou announce in voice - over : zissou ( v.0 . ) as always -- even in the most challenging circumstance -- the member of team Zissou find way to keep morale high . ext . NORTH pole . day Zissou in he swimsuit swing on a rope from the ship 's deck - winch out over a glacier hot-spring . he let go , do a double back - flip , and hit the steaming water . the crew burst into cheer and applause . they surround Zissou , tread water as he come up laugh . Zissou suddenly frown . he shout : zissou quiet ! hold it ! shhh ! Zissou wave he hand for silence . everyone go quiet and stare at he curiously . Zissou listen for a moment . he say urgently : zissou be that a distress bark ? be something wounded out there ? 54 . ext . glacier . day esteban , klaus , pelé , and wolodarsky stand over a deep chasm pull a rope through a pulley . zissou ( v.0 . ) we quickly locate the source of the mysterious cry . esteban call out each pull in french . Zissou emerge out of the crevasse cover in snow and be hoist onto the ice . he cradle a sleep , white animal in he arm , stroking its fur . esteban kneel down close to Zissou . esteban what be she , Steve ? zissou ( whisper ) a wild snow mongoose . we think they be extinct . her ankle 's break . ogata , run get some hot milk -- and put this guy in the incubator . Zissou produce two pink baby mongoose pup . they whimper quietly . ogata scoops they carefully into he mitten and hurry back toward the boat . zissou ( v.o. ) we radio for the emergency transport of we rare , beautiful , new friend . CUT to : ned , klaus , ogata , pelé , and wolodarsky in the lounge . klaus point at the screen and say wistfully : klaus that 's 's what it use to be like . ogata nod . klaus see Zissou stand in the doorway , watch blankly from the shadow . klaus hesitates . Zissou turn and walk away . int . zissou house . night Zissou and Eleanor 's bedroom . there be a little refrigerator next to the bed . mosquito netting hang in front of the open terrace door . small bird fly all around the room . Eleanor sit in a old , pale blue , vinyl armchair smoking a cigarette . one of the bird be perch on the armrest . Zissou come in the door . he take off he red cap and throw it 55 . across the room into a basket full of red cap . he take he Glock out of its holster , check it , and set it on top of the refrigerator . he walk quickly toward the bathroom . eleanor have ned 's heart stop beat before you pull he out of the water ? Zissou stop . he look guilty . he say quickly to himself : zissou have ned 's heart stop beat before we pull he out of the water ? ( reluctantly ) yes -- but we get he go again pretty quick . eleanor do not go on this voyage right now , Steve . one of you 's already dead , after all . zi1ssou who ? ( sadly ) oh , you mean esteban . yeah , thanks for bring that up . Eleanor stare at Zissou . she nod once . she stand up and go into the next room . Zissou listen as she dial the telephone and speak off - screen : eleanor ( 0.s. ) Zissou . account number 9942 . be tino available ? no , immediately . zissou ( loudly ) be you charter a water - plane ? ext . compound . night Zissou follow Eleanor out the door of the house . she carry three suitcase and wear a raincoat . Zissou hold a flashlight . they walk quickly through the garden toward a sea-plane wait in the marina . its engine be run . Zissou say forcefully : zissou who 's go to tell we the Latin name of all the fish and everything ? you know I can not remember that shit ! please , stop , Eleanor . please , stop ! ( stage -whisper loudly ) there 's a reporter from oceanographic ( more ) 56 . zissou ( cont would ) explorer watch from the bunk-house . do not look at she . Eleanor stop . she look back to the house . Jane be peer out from she bedroom window . she duck back inside . Eleanor sigh . pause . zissou why be you leave ? eleanor I be leave because I do not want to be a part of whatever 's go to happen out there . zissou nobody know what 's go to happen ! and then we film it . that 's the whole concept . Eleanor start walk again . Zissou follow she . zissou you know when you marry I I be a adventurer . eleanor do not call yourself that . if somebody say it about you , ok . but -- zissou whatever I be , then . you know it from the beginning . and , besides , I do not think adventurer sound that bad . Zissou test this theory , say to himself pleasantly : zissou adventurer . they stop on the dock and lock at each other . Eleanor say over the sound of the plane : eleanor I can not believe you take that boy 's money . zissou ( hesitates ) he 's a investor ! ( faintly ) he 's my sidekick . 57 . Zissou touch Eleanor 's arm suddenly and point he flashlight at something on the ground . he say wistfully : zissou the sugar crab be back . there be two very white , nearly translucent crab tangle up together scramble around in circle on the beach . one have pink candy - stripe all over it , and the other have pale blue . eleanor they be early this year . I have never see they mate before the solstice . zissou ( unsure ) be that mate ? the male crab be now dead . the female crawl away carry one of the dead male 's arm . pause . eleanor good-bye , Steve . zissou ( pain ) do not say that . even if it 's true , do not say that . it 's too painful . eleanor what do you want I to say ? zissou say , bon voyage . Long pause . Eleanor say sadly : eleanor , bon voyage . Eleanor get into the sea-plane . the pilot gun the motor and pull away from the marina . Zissou stand alone at the end of the dock as the sea-plane lift - off the water , into the air . ned watch from he bedroom window . he turn out the light . insert : the screen of a flat - bed editing console . a work - print be run . it have scratch and splice in it . the first image be a shot take from the deck of the belafonte of the open sea with the team Zissou flag in the foreground . 58 . title : adventure no. 12 : '' the jaguar shark '' ( part 2 ) CUT to : a close - up of ned in he red cap and a pair of sunglass . he smoke he pipe . the wind blow through he hair . Zissou say in voice - over : zissou ( v.0 . ) kingsley ned Zissou , 29 , junior grade dive tech , executive producer . energetic , spirite , youthful . insert : a chart of the ocean . a hand spin a compass and make a mark with a pencil . zissou ( v.0 . ) Day three . en route to the sea-lab . int . Zissouss cabin . day a extra-large stateroom with a office in it . Maps , award , and photograph of Zissou and various marine animal cover the wall . Zissou wear he brown suit with pin-stripe and a thin black tie . he sit next to a overhead projector ona cart . he speak calmly into the camera : zissou normally , we would track the jaguar shark with the scan monitor we keep on - board the belafonte , but its power tube have seize up and blow a gasket . a elevation - type draw of a chrome undersea building label operation hennessey / bernstein sea-laboratory appear en a pull - down screen . the belafonte be picture on the water above the sea-lab . ned stand beside the project image . he be dress in a suit identical to Zissou 's . he motion to different part of the draw with a pointer . zissou we now proceed to the more advanced system locate on a colleague 's off - shore facility . Zissou step in front of the screen . 59 . zissou this will be team Zissou 's next stop . Zissou look to ned . ned nod . there be a flash of white and the film run out . CUT to : Zissou , ned , renzo , and vikram in the cut room on the belafonte . each have a cup of coffee . renzo rewind the film . zissou see , this be what I be talk about , renzo . a relationship sub-plot . ( to ned ) there 's chemistry between we , you know ? ned smile and nod . Zissou look to renzo for he response . renzo shrug . Zissou look irritate . zissou should not somebody be take note on what I be say ? let 's get this down on paper . renzo sigh . he dig around on the bench for a pencil . Zissou dictate : zissou Zissou and ned sub-plot , scene two , ned assist Zissou with diagram and pointer . ext . upper deck . day Zissou and Jane sit at a table under a crane near the back of the ship . Jane 's tape recorder be in - between they . Zissou look tense . Jane turn a page in she notebook . jane here 's a quote : zissou ( frown ) wait up . who from ? jane Zissou have a almost magical connection to the life of the sea . he speak its language fluently . I have never meet a boy like that in all my life . -- Lora mandrake . 60 . Zissou be move as Jane remind he of this remark . he say softly : zissou you should have open with that one . jane he be you mentor . what be the -- zissou hey , intern ! a intern with curly black hair carry a large , unwieldy iron pipe across the deck . he stop and look to Zissou , struggle under the weight of the pipe . zissou get I a campari , will you ? intern ( hesitates ) on the rock ? Zissou snap he finger and give a thumb up . the intern go inside . Zissou look to Jane and say cheerily : zissou you want to go up in my balloon ? CUT to : pelé stare up at the sky as he operate a lever on the deck - winch . gear turn and grind . klaus spray some grease onto a sprocket . pelé look to klaus . he point into the air say : pele I like she hair - do . klaus ( shrug ) I , too , but Steve already call she . ext . balloon . day Zissou and Jane sit together in a basket hang from a balloon fifty foot above the belafonte . the balloon be pale blue , with a giant team Zissou logo print across it . a cable run from the basket down to the ship below . Zissou hold a glass of campari on ice . he say enthusiastically : Jane nod . 61 . zissou I invent this for a network special on wind and current . it 's kind of a pain to inflate , but it 's great once you be up here . she offer Zissou a stick of gum . he shake he head . she put one in she mouth . they look down past they foot at the belafonte below . zissou I be sorry I make you cry the other day . jane ( pause ) that 's ok . it 's not completely you fault , anyway . I be go through some personal problem . zissou ( interested ) really ? what do you get ? jane well , I be five month pregnant . my editor 's the father . he 's marry -- but not to I . zissou wow . that 's a rough ticket . ( pause ) you know , my first wife leave I when I be you age . Zissou roll - up he sleeve . a tattoo on he arm have jacqueline , cross - out , on top and deep search below it . jane what 's deep search ? zissou my submarine . Zissou smile . a team Zissou flag attach to the rope above the basket ripple in the breeze behind he . Jane smile . jane I have this exact image of you tack - up on the wall above my aquarium all through elementary school . 62 . zissou ( surprised ) oh , yeah ? the official one , where I be do this ? Zissou extend he arm and point to the horizon with a grim , determine look on he face . Jane look suddenly transport . she say quietly : jane that 's the one . zissou uh-huh . well , maybe it 's just I , but I do not feel like that person . I never do . jane why not ? zissou ( pause ) to answer that question I have have to tell you about my childhood , which I be not go to do . Jane nod . she squint in the sun . Zissou hold up he hand and block the light from she eye . they look at each other for a minute . Zissou take he hand away . the sun hit Jane 's eye . Zissou kiss she on the lip . Jane pull away slightly . Zissou reach toward she face . Jane stop he with she hand and stare at he , freeze . jane why have you abandon ned ? zisssou ( pause ) I do not . I never even meet he . what kind of piece be you write , cubbie ? jane nhesitate } it 's a three - part profile . zissou yeah , but what 's you angle ? be you go to screw we on this deal ? silence . Jane say strangely : jane I hope not . 63 . pause . Zissou shrug . Jane spit out she gum over the side , into the ocean . she take the glass of campari out of Zissou 's hand and drink it in one sip . she give it back to he . he frown . zissou you really think it 's cool to hit the sauce when you get a bun in the oven ? Jane look at Zissou coldly . Zissou press the red button on a intercom behind they and say : zissou pelé , bring we back down , please . Zissou take a joint out of he pocket . he reach up above , pull down on a chain , and light the joint off the balloon 's hot air burner . he take a puff . int . laboratory . day Zissou and Anne - Marie sit with wolodarsky at a console . wolodarsky be compose a piece of music on he keyboard . Anne - Marie be topless . two monitor display move underwater point-of-view shot . they be label dolphin 1 and dolphin 2 . Zissou pour himself a fresh glass of campari on ice . zissou I do not have a problem with objective report . what I have a problem with be some wombat come on my boat and try to railroad I , you know ? wolodarsky do not respond . he keep play he music . Zissou sigh . zissou see if you can get one of the dolphin to swim under the hull and give we a look . wolodarsky stop play he music and type a morse code - style message into a computer . he wait for a answer . he type it again . he turn to Zissou . wolodarsky either they can not hear we , or they do not understand . zissou ( shake he head ) Son of a bitch . I be sick of this dolphin ! ( to Anne - Marie ) ( more ) 64 . zissou ( cont would ) run a cost breakdown of what we be spend on they , and give I a report . ext . belafonte . night a porthole to the library . Jane sit at a desk write intently in she note book . she unwrap a stick of gum and start chew it . boom to : klaus , wolodarsky , and ogata on the main deck , one level up . they lean against the railing , drink red , orange , and yellow freeze cocktail . klaus take a little paper umbrella out of he drink and open it . dolly to : the window of the bridge . pelé sit inside , at the wheel , strumm he guitar . he make a adjustment on the instrument panel . boom to : the top of the look - out tower . Zissou stand alone above the ship smoking a joint in the moonlight . ned come out and join he . he light he pipe . a oil tanker go by slowly in the distance . Thunder rumble . Zissou say mysteriously : zissou quiet out there tonight . can you hear the jack - whale sing ? ned listen . a foghorn blow long and low . he whisper : ned it 's beautiful . what do you think they be say ? zissou ( hesitates ) well , that be the sludge tanker over there , but -- a mournful whale cry now sound in the distance . Zissou hold up he finger . zissou there you go . that 's they . ned smile and nod . 65 . ned by the way , would you mind if I make some modification to the team Zissou insignia ? I have a few idea that might -- zissou you mean the patch ? ned the insignia . zissou yeah , it 's probably kind of date , be not it ? sure , take a crack at it . make it a little trendier . ned ( pleased ) all right . Zissou pat ned on the back . he smile . zissou I really enjoy be around you , ned. ( look down over the railing ) he 's get a very nice way about he . do not you think , klaus ? klaus 's voice answer from off -screen , below : klaus ( 0.s. ) how should I know ? I be not he estrange father . Zissou nod . he say to ned sincerely : zissou be you find what you be look for ? out here with I ? I hope so . ned hesitates . he say suddenly : ned I write you a letter about seventeen year ago . zissou {pause ) you mean like a fan letter ? ned nod . a strange look cross Zissou 's face . he hesitates . 66 . zissou do I write you back ? I try to answer as many personally as I can . ned reach into he pocket and take out a old , beat up envelope . he hand it to Zissou . Zissou open it . insert : a wear and fade typewritten note on team Zissou stationery . Zissou read it in voice-over . dear ned plimpton , first , in answer to you question : always . second , thank you very much for name you bug after I . my wife tell I it be actually a type of gnat . you strike I as a very special boy and a key member of the Zissou Society . I wish I could come visit you in kentucky and assist you with you work . I remember you mother . take care of yourself , ned plimpton . you have serve well . you friend , capt . Steve Zissou dictate but not read . ( s8z / jz ) CUT to : Zissou with tear in he eye . he nod and say to ned : zissou yeah . more or less standard boilerplate , I guess . ext . sea -laboratory . day a large , chrome cylinder with a pod at the top stick twenty - five foot out of the ocean . operation hennessey be write across the side , with bernstein lab Ltd. below it . there be porthole and a platform with a railing around the pod , and a ladder run down the cylinder into the water . a Zodiak motorboat be tie to the bottom of the ladder , and the belafonte sit at anchor fifty foot away . Zissou , ned , and Jane stand on the platform wait in the rain . a intern hold a umbrella over Zissou . Zissou have on he swimsuit . everyone else wear team Zissou slicker . the door of the sea-laboratory have a thick steel chain lace through the handle with a padlock on it . zissou there 's some real high - tech gear inside this deal , believe I . first , we will go downstairs and turn on the tracking ( more ) 67 . zissou ( cont would ) system , and as long as the battery on that home dart have not go dead , we ' 1l get -- ned who lock we out ? anne -marie ( bitterly ) no one . we be trespasp . ned ( hesitates ) Steve , be we allow to go in there ? zissou ( pause ) it 's the scientific community , man . bill I be require by law to notify the bank of any illegal activity . zissou ( annoyed ) just do what you get to do to cover you ass , Bill . klaus come up the ladder onto the platform . he carry a large crowbar . klaus I get it . zissou good . here . klaus hand Zissou the crowbar . Zissou crack open the padlock . he pulis the chain off the door handle . he take a key out of he pocket , unlock the door , and open it . a burglar alarm go off . zissou fuck ! they wire it . klaus , go back and get I cable snipper . CUT to : a life-size cross-section of the lowest level of the sea - laboratory at the ocean 's floor . this be a highly sophisticated laboratory fill with computer , aquarium , microscope , and camera . large window look out into the ocean . stilt reach from the bottom of the structure ten foot down into the sand . a manta ray swim by outside . 68 . Zissou , ned , pelé , and Bill sit at a radar monitor . a small green blip pulse on the screen and beep . vikram stand in the corner with a 16 mm camera on he shoulder . a intern wear headphone operate the boom . Three other intern wait beside he . Zissou take a deep breath and say quietly to himself : zissou ok . action . ( perform ) well , look who 's back in town . you nve travel 150 mile since we last hear from you . this son of a bitch be head for the South Pacific . Jane and Anne - Marie come down the stair into the laboratory . Zissou point to Jane and say intensely : zissou turn on you tape recorder , cubbie ! Jane look at the radar screen . she turn to Zissou . jane be it the jaguar shark ? zissou on the record ? yes. ( to vikram ) cut it . vikram cut the camera . Jane look confuse . jane be I just in the movie ? zissou yeah . you need to sign a release . jane but you have actually locate the shark ? zissou ( excited ) you bet you fuck ass , we do ! Zissou stand up and put out he hand to Jane for she to give he five . Jane hesitates . she slap Zissou 's hand . Zissou say to he crew : 69 . zissou all right . we have get twenty - five to thirty minute before the Coast Guard get here to arrest we . I want you to load all hennessey 's best gear onto the belafonte in fifteen . bill ( in disbelief ) you be go to steal he stuff ? zissou ( hesitates ) no , we will get it back to he . intern , let 's see some hustle . the intern start unplugge equipment and put thing in box . operation hennessey be stencill on everything . Anne - Marie look at a chart next to the radar monitor . she frown . Zissou walk out through a hatch and close it behind he . Anne - Marie pick up the chart . anne ~-marie what 's this , pelé ? pelé look uneasy . he shrug . Anne - Marie go out the hatch after Zissou . he be on he way up a ladder . she follow he . anne-marie Steve ? zissou uh-huh ? Zissou and Anne - Marie enter the upper level of the underwater section of the structure , which be the live quarter . there be a kitchen , a bathroom , a dining room , and two cabin with set of bunk and exercise equipment . anne-marie do you know you have just chart we on a course through unprotect water ? Anne - Marie show Zissou the chart . Zissou say agreeably : zissou yeah , we be go to take the short cut . anne-marie ( concerned ) but it 's outside i.m.u. jurisdication . there be not any -- 70 . zissou I know , baby , but look at the map . if we go you way , it 's about -- Zissou glance at the chart and hold up he finger to indicate : zissou -- four inch . if we go mine , it 's a inch and a half . you want to pay for the extra gas ? they walk past klaus and wolodarsky in the dining room . klaus watch wolodarsky work on a piece of equipment on the table . he say casually : klaus what kind of system be this ? wolodarsky they just upgrade to the bernstein nine last summer . klaus ( surprised ) the nine be out already ? wolodarsky nod . Zissou see a espresso machine on the kitchen counter . he examine it . zissou do this do cappuccino ? Zissou pick up the espresso machine and carry it away . Anne - Marie follow he through another hatch , and they start climb a spiral staircase that wind upwards . a school of fish swim by outside . anne-marie wait a second , Steve . this be not the procedure . there be a loud crash sound from below . Zissou stop and look down the stairwell . wolodarsky yell up to he : wolodarsky ( 0.s. ) Steve , one of the intern just fall down the stair with the main tracking processor . zissou well , make sure we steal the back -up . 71 . Zissou and Anne - Marie approach the top of the staircase . outside the cylinder be the water 's surface . anne -marie be you listen to I ? Eleanor tell I -- zissou shut up before you jinx we , Anne -marie . Anne - Marie stop . she look furious . she turn and walk back down the staircase . Zissou go up , out the door , onto the platform at the top of the structure . ogata be fishing from the railing in the rain . zissou you catch anything ? ogata shake he head . Zissou hand the espresso machine to the intern with the curly hair . zissou hook this up and make I a latte . the intern nod . Zissou open a umbrella . he take out a joint and light it . he check he watch . the intern start come out with crate and box . they set they on the platform and go back inside for more . ned appear in the doorway . he stand next to Zissou . Zissou sigh . zissou you know , cubbie 's kind of a sucker - maker , but she 's get some move . ned I agree . zissou if she be not a bull - dyke , I think I might have a little bit of a thing for she . ned turn to Zissou blankly . ext . ocean . dusk the belafonte run at full speed on a open sea under grey sky . 72 . int . cargo hold . night a storage room at the bottom of the ship . fold chair have be set up among the suitcase , crate , and box . the exercise equipment and espresso machine from hennessey 's sea - laboratory be also there . Zissou and wolodarsky sit at a radar monitor connect to a large jumble of electronic gadget stack precariously on top of one another and fastened together with rubber band and duct tape . there be cord and wire all over the room . ned , Jane , klaus , ogata , Anne -marie , and Bill watch intently . they have flashlight and candle . wolodarsky point to a large blip near the edge of the screen . wolodarsky if the creature continue on its current migratory route , we path should converge in less than four day . zissou ( instantly ) I want to get there in three . ogata , check the -- ned Vladimir , what be this blip over here ? ned point to a smaller , fainter blip near the center of the screen . wolodarsky I do not know . I have be try to figure that out . we might have both of they mix up , or it could be the other way around . anyway , we will be right on top of it first thing in the morning . Jane look to ned , impressed . Zissou say grudgingly : zissou good eye , ned . ned thank you . should we investigate it ? everyone turn to Zissou . he look slightly irritate . zissou yeah . we 'il do a quick dive at six am and scope out this phantom signal -- it 's probably just one of hennessey 's research ( more ) 73 . zissou ( cont would ) turtles -- but I want to be back on the road by lunch . CUT to : Zissou pull ned aside as the rest of the group walk out of the cargo hold and start up the stair . renzo stay behind listen to wolodarsky play a composition on he keyboard . Zissou say to ned confidentially : zissou do I favor , will you ? next time you get a hot idea in front of the reporter , whisper it in my ear , first . otherwise , I lock like kind of a daydream - johnny , you know ? int . spa . night ned float in the jacuzzi . Jane sit on the edge across from he with she foot in the water . they both have on team Zissou swimsuit , and ned wear a pair of diving goggle . the air be fill with steam . Jane say in disbelief : jane you let he change you name ? ned well , we change it together . jane what be it before ? ned I leave kentucky as Edward plimpton . jane ( indignant ) that 's a million time better . Change it back , ned . I really do not see you as a kingsley Zissou . ned ( sigh ) yeah , probably , I , neither . anyway , I do not know if I even belong here . do you think Steve and I have a family resemblance ? Jane reach out to ned and lift he goggle off he face onto the top of he head . she look at he for a minute . jane no. 74 . ned I guess it do not really matter , anyway . jane ( pause ) why the £ be you pay for this movie out of you own pocket ? ned ( hesitates ) well , I think it 's a good investment . or , besides , I do not have anything better to do with my money , anyway . I be alone now . ned put he goggle back on and sink lower into the water . Jane watch he curiously . ned I admire the man . he inspire people . jane that may very well be true , but he 's also -- ned ( gently ) so what , Jane ? Jane hesitates . ned say sincerely : ned he 's not take advantage of I . jane {pause ) ok . ned and Jane stare at each other in silence . the condensation on ned 's goggle fog they over completely . ned I feel bad for you and that baby . jane ( pause ) do not feel bad for we . silence . ned shrug . ned here. 75 . ned hold out Jane 's miniature , sparkling sand -dollar . it hang on a pink thread . ned I steal it back and strung it on some peppermint dental floss in case you want to wear it like a necklace . Jane put the string around she neck . she look at ned and smile . she move along the edge , closer to he . she kiss he on the lip . ned say quietly : ned I have only have two girlfriend in my life . that I have go to bed with , I mean . Jane look surprised , then daze . jane wow . that make I want to cry . the door burst open . ogata and pelé rush into the room and jump into the jacuzzi . pelé lean back and put on a sleep mask . ogata tear the wax paper wrapping off a ham sandwich and take a bite . int . jane 's cabin . night Jane 's clothes , papers , and junk - food wrapper be strewn all over the room . Zissou stand at the desk read one of Jane 's notebook . he have a crowbar in he hand . he turn the page . Jane appear in the doorway with a towel wrap around she . her hair be wet . she hesitates . she say loudly : jane woah ! Zissou look to Jane and hold up the notebook . zissou be you happy with the piece , Jane ? jane ( shocked ) what be you -- zissou be i? no. jane put that down ! 76 . zissou I assume I be Mr. Z. I be sorry you think my hat be -- what be the word ? ( check Jane 's note ) contrive . and that : Zissou flip to another page . he read at random : zissou the Zissou of my childhood represent -- ( frown ) -- every dream I have come to regret ? what ? why ? Jane cross over to Zissou and grab she notebook out of he hand . she say bitterly : jane I be go to have to start lock my f-ing door . zissou it be lock . I kick it in . ( irritate ) why do not you just curse ? jane ( pause ) because I be try to get out of the habit before I have my fuck baby . zissou ( realize ) oh . that make sense . well , clean this room up , anyway . it look like it be hit by a goddamn typhoon . jane get out . Zissou sigh . he take off he hat and look at it . zissou please , do not make fun of I . I just want to flirt with you . Jane hesitates . zissou I will get a intern to fix the door . Zissou turn away and walk out . 77 . insert : a high -speed message transmission module as it laser - print the follow word onto a pink form : from : i.m.u . headquarters to : operation hennessey attn : Carl int . radio room . night a pristine cabin fill with ultra-modern satellite telecommunication equipment . Three large porthole look out to the ocean outside . the moon sit low on the horizon . a young , blond englishman in a white operation hennessey uniform tear the pink document out of the printer . CUT to : a long corridor with illuminate floor and glow white wall . the ship 's turbine hum from below . the young englishman walk briskly down the hallway carry the pink document . ext . rear deck . night hennessey sit on a chaise lounge at the back of he ship . his hair be wet , and he wear only a white operation hennessey swimsuit and a towel around he neck . a young , blond englishman dress only in a operation hennessey swimsuit sit on a stool beside he . the first englishman arrive with the pink document and hand it to hennessey . hennessey read it and frown . hennessey this be a message from the i.m.u. Coast Guard . apparently , some crooked fucker break into my sea-lab yesterday . swimsuit englishman how awful . do they nick anything ? hennessey it do not say . they probably just trash the place . ogrit he tooth ) I be so piss I want to spit . hennessey crumple the document in he fist . he spit on the deck . he uncrumple the document and look at it again . he say to the first englishman : 78 . hennessey Hugo , tell Carl to load my elephant gun with buckshot . we be go to hunt down this sickos . ext . MAIN deck . day the next morning , onboard the belafonte . pelé assist Zissou , ned , klaus , and ogata as they put on they wet suit and check they equipment . they carry net and shovel and bag of gear . Zissou have a spear-gun . Jane , Anne - Marie , and the intern stand gather around watch and help . vikram film the scene . Zissou plug a cord into a socket on the side of he helmet and adjust a antenna on the top of he head . he say to Jane : zissou supposedly , cousteau and he croney invent the idea of put walkie- talky into the helmet , but we make ours with a special rabbit ear on top so you can pipe in some music . the group of diver jump into the water . ext . ocean . day a undersea forest . large tree-like plant reach thirty foot up from the ocean 's floor . they sway and quiver in the eurrent . school of fish dart among the trunk . a web-foote water lizard swim past Zissou , ned , klaus , ogata , and vikram . they turn on flashlight as they enter the thicket . vikram film the other as they make they way through the tangle branch , into a small clear . a partially demolish charter jet lie half - bury in the sand . it be cover with barnacle , and fish swim in and out of the window . insert : a black - box recording console stick in the wreckage . it beep quietly , and a red light blink next to a antenna on its case . a blowfish swim over to it and puff up like a balloon . CUT to : 79 . Zissou as he turn to vikram and say over a radio head - set build into he diving mask : zissou let 's start with the reverse . vikram nod and move beyond Zissou , to a second position . Zissou motion for ned , klaus , and ogata to follow he back into the tree . ned say to Zissou over he radio head - set : ned would it be possible for I to address you as dad in this scene ? zissou ( instantly ) no. why ? ned hesitates . he look embarrassed . ned oh. Excuse I . I be sorry . I forget you -- klaus ( bewilder ) where you come from , jack -off ? shit ! zissou ( to himself ) it 's not a bad impulse , though . some kind of nick - name . not that one -- it 's too specific -- but try to think of something else . ned ( hesitates ) another name ? ogata how about steevsy ? zissou that 's good . try it . what be you go to say before ? silence . ned say simply : ned good luck , steevsy . zissou fantastic . let 's go . 80 . Zissou lead the other three , swim into the clear again . they approach vikram . they stare in amazement at the wreckage while vikram film they in close - up . Zissou signal for vikram to cut . the five diver enter the crash plane . a bright red octopus jet out of a hole in the fuselage . int . cutting room . day Zissou sit in the sound booth talk into a microphone . he wear headphone . renzo and vikram watch he through the glass . Zissou finish perform he narration : zissou we examine the crash-site , but be careful not to disturb the forensic evidence . ( to renzo ) how be that ? renzo not bad . the first take be a little faster . here 's the footage of ned save you life . 4issou ( frown ) I tell you not to print that , vikram . he do not save my life . that 's not the way I want this sub- plot to go . insert : the screen of the flat - bed editing console . a slate say reel 3 , take 1 , mysterious jet sequence . Inside the plane . Zissou 's leg be pin under a expose turbine stick through the side of the fuselage . a thermos with barnacle all over it fall from the luggage rack and clunk he on the head . he look up and see a large metal trunk shifting precariously above he . he reach up and put he hand against it to stop it from fall on he . a miniature sea-scorpion circle near he neck . he tug at he leg violently with a look of panic on he face under he diving mask . ned swim over and kneel down beside Zissou . he pull and twist on part of a crush seat - back press against Zissou 's ankle . a arm -rest break off , and Zissou 's leg be freed . Zissou and ned dedge away as the trunk crash down , and the sea-scorpion dart away . 81 . Zissou swim directly into the camera and put he hand over the lens . CUT to : Zissou focuss on the image on the screen . he shake he head and say , annoyed : zissouu that 's incoherent . I would not know how to use this bit . int . hallway . day ned come down the stair and see klaus at the end of the corridor . he pause . ned could I have a moment with you , klaus ? klaus look to ned . he frown . ned walk down the hallway and stop in front of klaus . they stare at each other . klaus what ? ned slap klaus in the face . klaus look take aback . klaus why have you do that ? ned because I owed you one . klaus ( upset ) but you give I a warning already . you stand up for yourself . ned I still owed you one . klaus well , now I owe you one . ned no . now we be even , klaus look confuse . he sound highly emotional . klaus why be you do this to I ? he 's not my father , you know ? I do not have that . 82 . ned ( hesitates ) what be you talk about ? klaus we be even , dammit ! that 's it ! CUT to : the ocean under a heavy mist . a old , ramshackle speedboat dart past the belafonte , circle back , and race away . Zissou watch from the look - out tower . he frown . int . bridge . day Zissou flip through a book call trawlers , junk , and dinghy : a vessel identification manual by Eleanor Zissou . pelé be at the wheel . klaus sit glumly beside he . zissou no , it be like a beat - up little jalopy . I do not know what you have call it . you do not see it ? pele ( stare straight ahead ) I do not see it , boss . zissou ( irritate ) well , keep you eye peel . Zissou look through the windshield into the fog with a pair of boy scout binocular . he lower they . zissou klaus , check who 's on watch . i’1ll be in the sauna . Zissou walk out of the bridge . klaus look at a clipboard hang on the wall . klaus pelé and -- ( frown ) -- who the shit be kingsley Zissou ? int . ned 's cabin . day Jane sit on the edge of ned 's bunk . she wear a tight sleeveless T-shirt . ned have on a team Zissou swimsuit . he be lean into Jane 's lap with he ear press against she stomach . he feel the baby kick . he look startle . ned be that he ? jane uh-huh . that 's he . ned I have never feel a baby in someone 's stomach before . ned sit up . he seem very move . ned I think you 'il make a very good single mother . Jane smile sadly . she spit out she gum into she hand . drop it into a glass of water . she say softly : jane thanks . ned although it put you both at a tremendous disadvantage . 83 . she pause . ned and Jane start to make - out passionately with they hand all over each other . Jane pull - off ned 's shirt . ned suddenly lock concerned . ned you know , Steve have a little bit of a thing for you . jane ( surprised ) why do you say that ? ned because he tell I . jane ( intrigue ) really ? I think he hate my gut . ned well , I think you hurt he feeling , but that do not mean -- jane he say I hurt he feeling ? Jane shake she head . she say philosophically : 84. jane that 's so f-ed up . ned he call you a sucker - maker . jane ( hesitates ) what 's a sucker - maker ? ned consider this . he shrug . one of the albino dolphin scout stare in through a porthole . int . corridor . day Zissou walk past the doorway to the laboratory dress in he bathrobe with a towel around he neck and a bottle of pellegrino in he hand . a roll - up plastic sandwich baggie fill with pot stick out of he pocket . he stop . he come back . he look into the room . insert : the screen of one of the dolphin camera monitor . there be a glimpse of Jane touch ned 's cheek in the porthole before the image dart away into the water . CUT to : Zissou . he hesitates . he walk away . ext . stern . day pelé sit at the back of the ship play a David bowie song on he guitar . he do not notice the speedboat approach again through the mist behind the ship . as it near the belafonte , it become apparent that its passenger be fourteen Indonesian man with machete and machine - gun . one of they raise a bamboo ladder into the air . int . spa . day Zissou sit alone in the sauna smoking a joint with he eye close . he be dress in a swimsuit . he have a ashtray balanced on he knee . the air be fill with steam . there be a loud crack sound from the deck above , follow by a low rumble . Zissou frown . he open he eye . there be a sudden rush of footstep flooding down the stair . someone pound on the door . Zissou hesitates . 4issou yeah ? 85 . klaus ( 0.s. ) Steve , would you mind open the door ? silence . Zissou take one last puff on the joint , put it out , and set the ashtray aside . he stand up and go to the door . he rub the condensation off the porthole . klaus 's face be reveal with the end of a machine - gun stick into he temple , a machete hold against he neck , and a fist grip a handful of he hair . int . ned 's cabin . day ned and Jane lie on the bed together . there be a knock on the door . they look at each other . Jane frown . jane uh-huh ? zissou ( 0.s. ) ( confuse ) Jane ? be ned in there ? ned hi , steevsy . zissou ( 0.s. ) ( pause ) uh , hi . what 's go on ? ned ( shrug ) just do a little book -read . there be some sudden shove and yell in Indonesian in the hallway . zissou ( 0.s. ) I guess you better let we in . ned get up and look under the door . he see Zissou 's powder blue slipper and the dirty foot of seven man in wear - out boot , tatter sandal , and sneaker with duct - tape hold they together -- plus the tip of a machete . he be stunne : ned what 's happen ? be that -- be that hi- jacker ? zissou ( 0.s . ) well , we call they pirate out here , ned . you be suppose to be on watch , by the way . 86 . ned check he watch . he look horrify . ned oh , my God . you be right . ned open the door . the pirate instantly burst into the room . they have scar on they face and wild look in they eye . they chaotically manhandle Zissou , ned , and Jane , scream and swinging machete . cur to : Zissou , ned , and Jane on the floor tie - up with rope and twine . the door be close , and they be alone in the room . zissou you know , if we have a little warning , we could have fight this guy off . ned ( upset ) I be sorry , Steve . zissou this be why we be suppose to have we glock on we at all time . ( yell at the ceiling ) even the intern , Anne -marie ! ( calmly ) so tell I again -- you be read to each other in french ? ned no , it 's in English . it be translate . zissou well , you know , you be not suppose to go into each other 's cabin on a boat . jane why not ? zissou it 's just kind of a unwritten maritime rule when you be at sea . especially for the goddamn look - out. ( scream at ned ) I be furious at you ! ned ( shake ) I be so sorry . 87. zissou I , too , pal . you hang we out to dry . you know , if we do not handle this right , we be go to all get murder , include she unborn british child . Jane burst into tear . ned look devastate . the door open . a pirate wear a kamikaze headband come in , go over to ned , and pound he in the head with the butt of he machete . ned fall over , knock - out cold . Zissou kick and thrashes around but be bound fast to a pipe on the wall . the pirate drag ned out the door . Zissou yell after he desperately : zissou I be go to kill you for that , you asshole ! I be go to hit you so fuck hard you will not -- the pirate close the door . zissou please , do not hurt he ! CUT to : Zissou and Jane come up the stair together with they hand tie behind they back . one of the pirate follow they with a machine - gun . zissou watch I . I x11 let you know when I be ready to make a move . jane ( urgently ) Steve , it 's way safer for we to just do what they say . they probably only want we money and jewel and shit . zissou uh-huh , well , how be I suppose to finish my movie , then ? Zissou , Jane , and the pirate walk out onto the deck . a dog with only three leg run wildly over to they , snarling . the entire crew be line - up face a wall , down on they knee , blindfolded , with they arm bound . Zissou look shocked . z1ssou fuck ! Jesus ! Holy fuck ! 88. klaus they be go to kill we , Steve ! Zissou look to klaus . klaus be sobbing . Zissou yell to he : zissou I be patting you on the back right now , klausie ! do not be scared ! I be go to get we through this , everybody ! ogata ? como esta , pal ? Zissou look over the side of the ship . the pirate be load can of fuel into they speedboat . a skinny , thirteen - year - old Indonesian boy huddle terrify at the rudder . ned lie unconscious , tie - up on the floor , partially stuff into a potato sack . there be blood all over the side of he face . Zissou look as if he be about to cry . he yell strangely : zissou wake up , ned -o ! I be sorry I yell at you ! ( to the pirate ) I need to speak to the man in charge , fella ! the pirate with the kamikaze headband hold a Glock to the back of a intern 's head and shout at he hysterically . zissou do not point that at he . he 's a unpaid intern . Zissou slowly move he bound hand in front of the gun onto the back of the intern 's head . he notice vikram have one of the camera in he hand . zissou what kind of coverage you get , vikram ? vikram I just keep it roll until they put this hood over my head . Bill and one of the pirate start a animated discussion in Indonesian . the pirate shout something to he colleague . Zissou say to himself : zissou Bill speak they language . ( yell ) what 's he say , billy ? 89 . bill apparently , they be go to take a hostage , and they have choose ned , but -- Bill hold up a finger and listen as the pirate negotiate with one another . he nod . bill yes . now that they have learn I speak Indonesian , they seem to have change they mind . five of the pirate surround Bill . one of they take out a buck -knife . a older pirate come out of the bridge . he wear a baseball cap . he and the other pirate talk rapidly with one another . bill do we have a vault ? he want to know about the vault . zissou ( blankly ) there 's no vault . bill he say , give we the currency ? I believe that 's the word . he appear to have see one of you film . CUT to : a small , jerry - rig television set behind a cheap restaurant kitchen in the slum of jakarta . the pirate watch a fifteen - year - old episode of the life aquatic . some of they appear to be cook or waiter . in the program , Zissou and klaus sit beside esteban as he open a yellow safe on - board the ship . he show the camera bill and coin from various country . Zissou explain in voice - over : zissou ( v.0 . ) we vault contain at least ten different currency from all over the world at any give moment , and we be prepare for every kind of financial necessity . the pirate look intrigue . CUT to : Zissou stare at bill. 30 . zissou tell he time have change . four pirate come out onto the deck carry the yellow safe . Zissou sigh . zissou there go ned 's inheritance . bill should I try to negotiate with they ? zissou {pause ) yeah . try that . tell they to get off my boat right now , or there 's go to be a major shit-storm . Bill calmly address the pirate in Indonesian . Zissou interrupt : zissou do you say shit-storm ? bill ( hesitates ) well , I be try to be more -- zissou ( sharply ) translate what I be say , Bill . pause . Bill nod . he translate more aggressively to the pirate . the large of the pirate punch Bill in the stomach . Bill double over onto the deck . Zissou look surprised . zissou woah ! woah ! woah ! step it down a notch ! Bill lie moan on the deck . the large pirate pick he up and heave he over the side of the ship into a net . he be lower from a pulley to the speedboat with a crate of bananas . ned be hoist back up and throw on the deck . Zissou call out to he : zissou ned -o ? can you hear I ? ned do not respond . Zissou and Jane be force down onto they knee and blindfolded . Zissou yell desperately : 91 . zissou we will get you back , billy ! be everybody else safe ? Anne - Marie ! you ok , honey ? Anne - Marie sound miserable . her voice crack : anne-marie no , I be not . I tell you this be unprotect water . Zissou shake he head and all the energy seem to drain from he body . he say to himself in a pain voice : zissou what a fuck nightmare . Dark cloud roll in above the ship . Zissou turn to Jane and say suddenly : zissou be cool on this shit , ok , cubbie ? I mean , at least try to show both side . jane ( quietly ) I need to find a baby for this father . zissou ( pause ) yeah . I think I know what you mean . Zissou nod . he wriggle he arm , testing the knot . Thunder rumble in the distance . Zissou take a deep breath . he say calmly to himself in a loud , clear voice : zissou ok . this be it , Zissou . here we go . klaus turn toward Zissou . he hesitates . klaus Steve ? what be you -- zissou ( yell ) I say get you ass the hell off of my boat ! Zissou jump up and whip off he blindfold . he throw a lever on a valve , and steam shoot out of a pipe . he punch one of the pirate in the face . he grab the pirate 's pistol , throw he overboard , and start shoot . bullet ricochet . a hose snap open , and water burst out . a electrical fuse - 92 . box break apart , shower spark . the pirate with the kamikaze headband hold a machete over the intern with the curly black hair . Zissou shoot the pirate in the neck . the pirate clutches at he throat , moan , but manage to chop into the intern 's shoulder . eight of the pirate be already in they speedboat . the remain four burst into frenzied scream and shoot . they beat and kick at Zissou 's crew . one of they throw a hand grenade . Zissou holler : zissou grenade ! everyone dive for cover . there be a explosion near the back of the ship . the pirate scramble over the railing , jump into they speedboat , and race away . Zissou stand at the prow of the belafonte and empty he pistol at the speedboat . he throw the gun after they . pause . he say to himself : zissou I have never see a bond company stooge stick he neck out like that . Zissou shake he head . the pirate with the kamikaze headband lie face down on the deck in a pool of blood . Zissou stand over he and say defiantly : zissou I know this asshole . I tell he I be go to kill he . Zissou turn to he passenger and crew . they be all look at he with they blindfold on . the ship be in flame behind they . a electrical storm crackle on the horizon . strange lightning bolt shoot upwards . pelé tilt he head curiously with tear run down he cheek from under he blindfold . pele what 's that sound ? be that -- zissou the Arctic night -light , yeah . ( quote ) as if the natural world 's be turn upside - down . -- Lord mandrake . ( unquote ) vikram , get some cut - away of this miracle . klaus , ogata , put out the deck - fire before we sink . the three - legge dog go over to Zissou and growl at he . 93 . zissou that fuck amateur . you leave you dog , you idiot ! CUT to : the look - out tower . Zissou stand with klaus and ogata above the blacken , smolder ship . pelé spray a fire extinguisher on the bridge , below . everyone on deck look shell - shocked . Zissou shake he head and say sadly : zissou wrap the stiff in a tablecloth . we be go to bury he at sea . ogata ( hesitates ) should not we give he to the authority or something ? zissou ( pause ) no. klaus I 'il write up a few word to read over he . Zissou nod . one of the intern come out onto the tower , shiver . his arm be in a bloody sling . Zissou say gently : zissou how you hold up there , intern ? you do ok ? the intern nod . Zissou sigh . he pat the intern on the back . int . dine room . night a lobster dinner for the crew . there be a half - empty jeroboam of champagne on the table . everyone look exhaust and depressed . Anne - Marie have a black eye . Zissou be not present . anne-marie I believe it 's criminal that Steve allow this to happen to we -- by which I mean illegal . we be be lead on a illegal suicide mission by a selfish maniac . 94 . klaus ( pause ) I hear what you be say , but I think you misjudge the guy . int . hallway . night Zissou come down the corridor . klaus be wait outside the dining room . loud shouting and commotion come from inside . klaus whisper urgently : klaus steevsy , I think the crew might be ready to mutiny . pause . Zissou crack open the door to the dining room and look inside . he say wearily : zissou ah , man . what a drag . ext . MAIN deck . day the next morning . Zissou , ned , klaus , pelé , and ogata stand with they head bow and they hand clasped in front of they . they be gather around the body of the dead pirate . it be wrap in a red and white gingham - check tablecloth . the three - legge dog sit beside it . ned be cover with bruise , stitches , and bandage . he lean on a cane . vikram film the scene . klaus unfold a a bundle of little scrap of paper . he clear he throat and begin : klaus St. Paul say to the corinthian -- zissou ( look off ) Holy shit . Son of a bitch . ( to vikram ) cut . vikram keep filming . a enormous , space -age , highly futuristic yacht make of plastic , glass , and titanium pull - up dangerously close alongside the belafonte and come to a full stop . twenty - five man in white uniform throw line , jump down step , run across catwalk , and watch with binocular . operation hennessey be print on the crew member 's cap and across the side of the ship . hennessey stand at the prow in he lab coat and pink cashmere scarf with a elephant gun cocked over he shoulder . 95 . his japanese television crew be circle around he . he yell over a p.a. system : hennessey this be Captain hennessey ! we have come in response to you distress signal ! remain calm and -- good God , be that you , Steven ? zissou {to ogata ) run downstairs and put a tarp over anything with hennessey write on it . ogata nod and go inside . klaus motion to the dead pirate at they foot . klaus what about this guy ? zissou ( pause ) just throw he in . int . hennessey' quarter . day a immaculate , polished - teak sit room . there be numerous control panel with blink display and button . a silver - nitrate print of the photograph of Lord mandrake be frame on the wall . hennessey sit drape over a camel 's hair sofa with a glass of white wine in he hand . Zissou be in a pink silk armchair with fringe on it across from he . the three - legge dog growl at Zissou 's side . silence . hennessey you engine blow up and all you fuel 's be steal . be that correct ? zissou uh-huh . hennessey well , I certainly know how you feel . some crooked fucker just stripped my sea-lab , you know . Zissou hesitates . he mumble : zissou probably the same dude . 96 . hennessey ( shrug ) I can tow you as far as Port-au-Patois . t’1l need you signature on this invoice first . it account for the expense of the rescue operation , as well my time and that of my crew . hennessey hand Zissou a bill . Zissou examine it . zissou this be more than the budget of my whole project . hennessey it 's a estimate . Zissou sigh . he re-read the invoice . the dog scratch at the side of Zissou 's armchair . hennessey what 's you dog 's name ? zissou ( pause ) cody . hennessey nod . he roll up a newspaper . he go over to the dog , still scratch at the chair , and swat it hard across the body . the dog yelp and recoil . hennessey be still , cody . Zissou look startle . he frown and pet the dog . hennessey sit back down on the sofa . Zissou hold up the invoice . zissou I have to run this by my bond company stooge . hennessey he 's be kidnap . zissou ( hesitates ) that 's true . I get to rescue he first . hennessey sign it now , or I be leave you out here . pause . Zissou sign the bill . hennessey take it . something catch Zissou 's eye in a aquarium across the room . he 97 , frown . he point at it and look to hennessey . hennessey nod knowingly . Zissou get up and walk over to the aquarium . hennessey turn off the overhead light and join he . plastic tube and wire stick out of the water , and a digital thermometer hang on the edge of the tank , connect to a computer . there be a navy blue squid-like creature the size of a football swim figure - eight pattern and turn itself inside out and back again . it have one green eye . hennessey say quietly : hennessey hydronicus inverticus . zissou ( awestruck } a rat-tail envelope fish . this be the first one I have ever see . ( look to hennessey ) how much you want for he ? hennessey not for sale , I be afraid . Zissou tap on the glass and stare at the creature . it breathes audibly . hennessey all right . let he go back to sleep . CUT to : hennessey hold the door open for Zissou and the three - legge dog to walk across a gangplank back to the belafonte . hennessey have he arm around Zissou 's shoulder . he wear a neat leather supply belt around he waist . Zissou notice it and say distractedly : zissou where have you get that little fanny pack from ? hennessey ( suspiciously ) what ? my supply belt ? it 's by hartwell and Kent . why ? zissou ( shrug ) not a bad crew gift . 98 . hennessey {suddenly ) oh , I dine with Eleanor last weekend , by the way . she 's summer at my villa in West Port -au - patois , do not you know . say , how 's team Zissou hold up without she ? insert : a line be draw on a wooden floor with a piece of chalk . CUT to : Zissou on the deck of the belafonte . his arm be fold in front of he chest . his crew stand across from he . the three - legge dog sit beside he , growl . zissou the first thing that go through a captain 's head when he hear there 's low morale go around be , what have I do ? be it all my fault ? well , he 's probably right . most of we have be together a long time , and there 's other who be here before that . do you guy not like I anymore ? I mean , what be I suppose to do ? I do not know . ( pause ) look , if you be not against I , do not cross this line . if yes , do . ok ? I love you all . klaus immediately step across the line . he look to Zissou . Zissou look pain and stunne . he can barely manage to say : zissou be you -- be you sure ? klaus ( confidently ) yes , I be . zissou I do not understand . why ? klaus ( confuse ) what do you mean ? wait a second . what be we do ? I think you say cross the line if -- zissou Cross the line if you want to quit . 99 . klaus quickly go back to the other side . klaus do it again . I misunderstand . the intern whisper and murmur with each other . they all cross the line . so do Anne -marie . silence . int . radio room . day a tiny cabin with telephone book from numerous exotic city stack on shelf and hundred of telephone number scribble on the wall . Jane sit alone at a little desk talk on the wireless . she say into the microphone : jane hi , Ross . you be probably at lunch , which be why I be call now . I get you correction on the proofs . they be fine , but -- I be not come back . it 's over . please , do not try to contact I , ok ? you will hear from we sometime . {pause ) we get attack by pirate . I feel like life be -- well , you get the idea . anyway , take care of yourself . Jane . int . ned 's cabin . day ned and Jane sit side by side on he bunk hold hand . there be a paper sack on a chair next to the bed . ned do not look at Jane . Jane sound distraught : jane I will probably just stay with my weirdo sister until I get thing figure out . you understand , right ? ned nod . he say quietly : ned yes , that sound like a good decision . will you write to I ? jane of course . give I the address . ned reach into the paper sack and take out a stack of envelope . ned 100 . well , actually , I go ahead and stamp and self - address fifty or so envelope to make it easier for you . ned hand Jane the envelope . Jane look touch . jane thanks . i’1l use they . ned each one have three blank page in it , and here 's a pen . ned give Jane a blue and white ballpoint pen with four different color that click from the tip . pause . jane maybe I be go to write you a letter right now . ned ( pleased ) ok . Jane laugh . she kiss ned on the cheek and then the lip . jane I bet I be go to really miss you , ned . ned I be go to miss you , too . in fact , feel like -- ( with a lump in he throat ) I do not know . I feel like my heart 's get break . I guess I be over - reacting . Jane hesitates . she look suddenly lose . jane be that really true ? ned nod sadly . int . hallway . day Jane come down the corridor toward she cabin . I she have tear in she eye . she open she door and start to go inside . Zissou yell from the stairwell at the end of the hallway : 101 . zissou that be all off the record , cubbie ! that whole deal . actually , I be surprised you do not cross the line yourself . jane what line ? zissou ( annoyed ) the line I draw on the deck just now . be not you up there ? jane no . zissou ( frustrated ) you be kid ! that be one of the most dramatic thing that 's ever happen on this boat . I just lose all my best intern . I think you be suppose to be cover this story . jane you just say it be all off the record . zissou yeah , but you do not know that . jane well , I be down here pack . Jane point to she pack suitcase line up inside she cabin . Zissou lock disappointed . he walk wearily toward she . zissou so you be leave . you be jump ship on I . jane I be go to scrap the article . zissou ( hurt ) you mean you be not even go to write the cover story on I ? man , I just do not have any stature any more . jane I be sorry , Steve . everything just get too weird , that 's all . 102 . zissou yeah , but I give you a goddamn show - stopper out there . we get -- ( pause ) be you sleep with ned ? jane ( hesitates ) that 's none of you business . zissou ok , but -- jane no , I be not . Zissou nod . he sigh . z1ssou you be go to miss the jaguar shark or whatever it be , if it actually exist . ( suddenly ) be you cry ? what 's wrong , Jane ? Jane shrug . Zissou say gently : zissou you cry easily , do not you ? Zissou take out a team Zissou handkerchief and dry the tear on Jane 's cheek . int . radio room . night Zissou sit wearily at the wireless . drakoulias 's voice come over the line : drakoulias ( v.0 . ) bloody hell . God save that poor little stooge . this never would have happen if Eleanor be with we . zissou ( pause ) thanks , man . drakoulias ( v.0o . ) you luck have damn well better change soon , laddie . now I must away . i'11 send you a postcard from my travel . 103 . zissou ( concerned ) what ? hold it . where you go ? drakoulias ( v.o. ) ( mysteriously ) abroad for a spell , my darling . it 's my passport status , you see . I be X - 9 , at the moment . legally , I be a fugitive . now I must bid you -- zissou ( upset ) wait a second ! they steal my budget . the boat 's break . you be ditching I up the creek . what be I suppose to do ? drakoulias ( v.o. ) ( long pause ) well , I must say , nothing 's jump to -- Phillip , any suggestion ? ( pause ) no . he 's shaking he head . ext . hennessey 's yacht . day a sailor in a crisp , white , operation hennessey uniform stand in the crow 's nest above the ship surround by computer and high - tech navigation equipment . he raise a pair of digital binocular to he eye . he lower they suddenly . he reach toward a button on a panel and start to say something -- but be interrupt by klaus 's voice yell : klaus ( o.s. ) port-au- patois ! Dead ahead ! the sailor turn and look quickly behind he . he hold up he digital binocular . CUT to : a digital binocular shot of klaus stand alone on the look - out tower of the belafonte watch the horizon with Zissou 's boy scout binocular . he pick up a bell and ring it violently . he shout at the top of he lung : klaus land , ho ! CUT to : the sailor lowering he binocular . he frown . 104 . ext . ocean . day hennessey 's ship tow the belafonte into the bay at Port -au - patois . ext . MAIN deck . day the intern stand in a cluster in front of Zissou with all of they duffel bag and knapsack . Zissou say tensely : zissou no , I can not give you full credit , but I be not go to flunk you , either . you be all go to get incomplete . the intern look furious . one of they mutter : intern this be bullshit . Zissou walk across the deck to the railing . he take out he passport and check it . he put on he red cap . ned go over to he , smoking he pipe . Zissou examine the cut and bruise on ned 's face . zissou they bashed you up pretty good , I guess . ned nod . pause . he say quietly : ned steevesy , I just want to say , in regards to the argument we have during the attack , because I still feel upset about it , and also in term of the nick - name , well , I just want to say that -- what be we to each other ? be I -- z zissou ( sharply ) let 's just keep it in the moment , ok , ned -o ? ned look startle . he say reluctantly : ned ok . ( suddenly snap ) why ? what do that mean ? Zissou hesitates . he shake he head and wave he hand . he seem confuse and agitate . 105 . zissou Strike that . look , why do not you just decide what we be to each other , and whatever you come up with be fine with I , ok ? Zissou climb down a ladder onto the diving platform . klaus be pour fuel from a gasoline can into the tank on a Zodiak motorboat . Zissou sigh . zissou klaus , take down that intern mailing address and make sure they all get fanny pack . hartwell and Kent . ext . harbor . day pelé drive Zissou to the marina in the Zodiak . ext . port-au -patois . day a deeply impoverish tropical island . there be beggar and child and soldier with machine - gun . Zissou and a small , filipino driver race through a shanty - town in a taxi with two port-au - patois flag on the corner of the hood . ext . villa . day a large house on the shore with a woven bamboo and grass roof . there be garden , palm tree , and a goldfish pond . a collection of small chrome building , observation tower , and a geodesic dome surround the main structure . Zissou 's taxi wait in the road . Zissou knock on the ornately carve front door . he watch some tiny black frog leaping around on the path do little back -flip . hennessey villa be write on the pavement beneath they in chrome mosaic tile . Eleanor open the door . she be dress in a black leotard and pink tight with a cream - color scarf wrap around she waist . her hair be tie back into a knot , and loose strand stick to the sweat on she forehead . classical music play loudly from the next room . eleanor oh , shit . what do you want ? zissou do you mind if I butter you up a little before I answer that question ? eleanor yes , I do . tell I now . 106 . zissou I need some money to get the boat out of hock and rescue my bond company stooge who get kidnap . could we ask you parent to loan it to I ? eleanor no . zissou ( pause ) ok . could I go ahead and butter you up , anyway ? it take I two and half hour to get out here . int . villa . day Zissou follow Eleanor through a hallway into a live room with grass - mat floor , chaise - longue , and oil lamp . there be photograph of hennessey with various celebrity and dignitary on the wall . the sun be set on the ocean outside . Eleanor turn down the volume on the stereo . a tall Spanish man in a leotard wait in the next room stretch with one foot on a table . Zissou see he and frown . he point at the Spanish man . zissou who 's that dude ? eleanor oh . that 's my research assistant , javier . javier , the presento Steve . the Spanish man stand up and shake Zissou 's hand . he and Eleanor exchange a few word in Spanish , and the Spanish man go outside . Zissou watch out the window as the Spanish man run down the stair peel off he leotard . Zissou sigh . Zissou bend down to examine a twenty - year - old picture of Eleanor and hennessey share a bellini in a gondola on the Grand Canal in Venice . zissou I have be jealous about you stay at allie 's place , except I have always think he be kind of a closet queer . Eleanor and Zissou sit across from each other in two wicker settee . there be a table in between they cover with Eleanor 's note , chart , diagram , and picture of different 107 . species of penguin . there be also a manuscript entitle classic penguin by Eleanor Zissou . Eleanor take out a brown cigarette , put it in she mouth , and light it . eleanor how 's you father - son relationship come along ? zissou the sub-plot ? oh , you mean in real life . yeah , I think I have become something of a father - figure to ned . or , at the very least , he 's my half~son . eleanor ( hesitates ) half -son ? zissou well , nobody have a lock on any of this , so I be not sure how it all time out . I mean , I want he to think of I like a father , but the fact that there 's a outside chance he really could be my actual biological son make it -- ( struggle ) -- very difficult for I . Eleanor nod . a yellow and green lizard dart onto the arm of Zissou 's settee . he let it crawl onto he hand . the lizard look at he and yawn . Zissou sigh . zissou you know I be not big on apologize , so I will just skip it , if it 's all the same to you . eleanor ok . 421ssou anyway , I be sorry . I know I have not be at my best this past decade . eleanor ( gently ) that 's true , but let 's just say it 's all xight and -- leave it be . pause . Zissou flick the lizard onto the floor and walk outside . 108 . ext . terrace . day dusk . the balcony of villa hennessey look out over a cliff high above the sea . the Spanish man exercise on another balcony below . Zissou stand at the railing and say sadly : zissou what happen to I ? do I lose my talent ? be I ever go to be good again ? Eleanor come out to join Zissou . she smoke a brown cigarette . eleanor I do not know . zissou well , it do not matter , anyway . this be probably the last adventure I have get in I . I be hope to go out in a flash of blaze , but now I think I will just head home -- unless you be plan to sell the island . eleanor ( pause ) I wonder how much I could get for it ? zissou in this market ? oh , Eleanor . ( sigh ) you be probably right , all along . we should have have a kid together . of course , you be kind of already on the edge of be too old , but I guess maybe that 's a cop-out . eleanor it 's worse than a cop-out . I be thirty - four . Zissou nod . he take out a joint and put it in he mouth . he say sincerely : zissou it 's good to see you , Eleanor . eleanor you , too . Zissou lean forward and light he joint off the cigarette in Eleanor 's mouth . 109 . int . ned 's cabin . night the belafonte . ned 's room be dark . the door open . Zissou come in and close it behind he . he look at ned and Jane asleep in the bunk . he say quietly : zissou I be about to blow my stack . I turn my back , and the bullshit begin . ned open he eye . he sit up quickly . zissou ned , you be a scumbag . Zissou turn on the light . Jane wake up . zissou and , Jane , you be a goddamn liar . jane ( furious ) what the fuck be you do in here ? zissou what the £ be you do in here ? I warn you before about be in the wrong cabin . you be suppose to go home . jane well , you convinced I to stay and finish the story . zissou ( pause ) be it still the cover ? jane ( angrily ) I do not fuck know . ned get out of bed . he wear white boxer short . he put on he team Zissou pants . zissou do not you dare put on that uniform . ned ( hesitates ) it 's all I have with I . 110 . zissou I tell you I have a little bit of a thing for she , dammit . not this one , I say . ned you say , not this one , klaus . zissou opoint to ned ) so you hear I . jane you be too old for I , Steve . zissou ( pause ) well , you be pregnant ! jane I do not respect either one of you , anyway . zissou ( throw ) well , I know why you do not respect I , but why do not you respect he -- because he do not hit I when I burst in here ? ( to ned ) i’1l tell you one thing : you never would have get away with call I a scumbag in my cabin . ned I never would have want to . jane I mean you and klaus . he 's be a dick to ned . zissou ( pause ) you be right . what 's the deal with that ? ned ( to Zissou ) May I have a word with you privately ? Zissou shout : zissou yeah ! lil . Zissou and ned go out the door and close it behind they . klaus stand at the end of the hallway in he stripe pajamas . klaus be you two fight ? zissou I '11 deal with you later ! ( to ned ) follow I . ned follow Zissou up the stair . ned look , Steve . I know we both like she , and you be angry and embarrassed , but -- zissou you think that 's what this be about ? shit , ned . what 's that bull - dyke be tell you ? ned ( suddenly ) all right . I be go to warn you now . be a gentleman . Zissou and ned walk down a corridor into the library . the intern with curly black hair and he arm in a sling sit ona sofa read a copy of oceanographic explorer with a picture of hennessey on the cover . Zissou see he and frown . zissou what be you do here ? I think all you intern walk out on I . intern I want to help you find that shark . zissou ( defiantly ) goddammit ! Zissou grip the intern 's shoulder . the intern grimace and cry out in agony . Zissou let go of he . zissou thank you , intern . you be get a A. Zissou and ned walk out of the library and go up another set of stair . 112 , ned his name 's nico . zissou ( confuse ) who ? Zissou and ned walk through the laboratory and go into the kitchen . vikram stand in the pantry door with a camera on he shoulder . ned see he . ned hello , vikram . Zissou turn and see vikram filming they . he scream : zissou give I that camera ! I be go to smash it over you head ! Zissou lunge at vikram . vikram duck out the back of the pantry and disappear around the corner . Zissou yell : z2issou cut ! Zissou and ned walk through the chart room and up another set of stair . zissou I misread you , man . I be go to have to re-think some shit . ned ( of fend ) you do not know I . you never want to know I . I be just a character in you film . zissou ( hesitates ) it 's a documentary . it 's all really happen . ned well , damn you for that . Zissou look confound . he shake it off . he and ned go out the door , onto the main deck . pelé sit by the railing strumm he guitar . ogata and renzo be with he . Zissou yell : 113 . zissou go to sleep , you son of bitch ! ogata , pelé , and renzo look startle but make no move to go . pause . Zissou turn away and climb up the ladder to the top of the look - out tower . ned follow he . they stand high above the ship in silence . zissou that pregnant slut 's be play we like a cheap fiddle . pause . ned say in a steely voice : ned that 's it . I be go to fight you , Steve . Zissou feint to one side and sucker - punch ned in the face . ned hit the floor . Zissou shake he head . zissou you never say , I be go to fight you , Steve . you just smile and act natural -- and then you sucker - punch he . ned stand up and stare at Zissou . ned you fight you way , and I will fight mine . zissou ( patronize ) listen , ned . do not try to -- ned sucker - punch Zissou in the face . Zissou hit the floor . he put he finger to he lip and show ned a drop of blood . zissou I think you team Zissou ring might 's have catch I on the lip . ned take off he ring and put it into he pocket . Jane come out onto the tower and stand behind ned , chew gum . Zissou get up . he say simply : zissou you call yourself my son , but I just do not see it . ( shrug ) it 's nothing personal . ned look wounded . Zissou point at Jane and snap : 114 . zissou what do you want ? pause . Jane blow a bubble , then pop it back into she mouth . she say calmly : jane nothing . zissou ( annoyed ) that 's so arrogant . that 's -- screw off ! Jane shrug . ned shake he head and say , humiliate : ned I can not believe I ask if I could call you dad . what be I think ? of course , you say no . zissou ( pause ) I let you call I steevsy . it sound better . ned ( explode ) it do not mean the same thing ! silence . Zissou look disturb . Jane put she arm around ned 's waist . ned say quietly : ned I have not plan to mention this , but just to set the record straight : a week before she kill herself , my mother tell I you have know about I since the day I be bear . be that a fact ? ( long pause ) answer I ! be that a fact ? zissou that 's a fact . ned I do not come look for you because I want to join you crew . I ought to have stay in kentucky , where I belong -- ( suddenly ) -- and now I have make a fool of myself . 11 . ned turn away sadly . the three - legge dog start bark crazily on the deck below . Zissou frown . he go over to the railing and look down . Eleanor stand with she suitcase and a steel briefcase at the prow of the ship over a ladder that come up from the water . a harbor taxi idle alongside the belafonte . Eleanor point at the dog and say sternly : eleanor quiet ! the dog stop bark and sit . Eleanor look up to Zissou , ned , and Jane on the look - out tower . she shout : eleanor somebody pay for this water taxi ! pause . Zissou say to ned : zissou you get any petty cash on you ? int . cargo hold . night the entire crew sit around Zissou and Eleanor at a fold table with Eleanor 's steel briefcase open in front of they . it be fill with neatly stack 100 dollar bill . Eleanor have a telephone receiver to she ear , listen . ned stand alone in the corner . zissou klaus , remind I to send Eleanor 's parent a thank - you note on the good correspondence stock . klaus nod . Eleanor address the group : eleanor this be the message we receive earlier tonight on we answer machine at pescespada Island . Eleanor place the receiver on a cradle connect to a speakerphone . Bill 's voice come over the line . there be jungle sound and static on it . bill ( v.o. ) Bill ubell , here . I be on a pay-phone . insert : 116 . the answer machine at pescespada Island . there be a photograph of the original team Zissou , with Zissou and esteban front and center , on the wall behind it . bill ( v.0 . ) I be still blindfolded , and my arm be bound , but a young boy have be kind enough to assist I . there 's not much chance I will get another opportunity to call , so I think I would ask if -- ( suddenly ) no , no , I be just talk to my wife ! we daughter 's graduate from high school and -- Bill switch into rapid Indonesian and the line go dead . CUT to : the cargo hold . Eleanor hang up the speakerphone . zissou well , thanks for check in , Bill . maybe next time you could let we know where you be at . eleanor base on the quality of the connection , the variety of the wildlife in the background , and the elapse time between Mr. ubell 's capture and this message -- there 's a good chance he 's on one of the ping Islands . Eleanor unfold a map of the area onto the table . she indicate a circle with she finger around a cluster of tiny island . eleanor there be once a four-star hotel on Little ping , but the entire island be destroy by monsoon five year ago . it 's be uninhabited ever since . Zissou sigh . he shake he head . zissou I know the place . Hotel citroén . cubbie , I want to go on the record . ( with admiration ) Eleanor 's always be the brain behind team Zissou . by the way , be you go to ( more ) 117 . zissou ( cont would ) } put in a good description of the command center I set up down here ? Jane ignore this question . Zissou turn to the rest of the crew . zissou well , be we clear , gang ? set a course for Little ping Island , full - speed ahead . ned ( coldly ) you 'il need to hire a team of mechanic and re-build the engine first , of course . zissou ( hesitates ) I know . I be say , after that . ned walk out of the room . Zissou and Eleanor stand aside as the meeting break up . eleanor just because I nve decide to save you neck again and help you do this rescue do not mean you have win I back . zissou ( quietly ) ok . wolodarsky sit at the radar monitor across the room . a blip glow near the center of the screen . int . galley . night Eleanor cook grill cheese sandwich with sardine on the stove . Jane sit at the kitchen table drink a glass of milk . they both wear bathrobe . ned stand on deck outside the window smoking he pipe , look out across the harbor . Eleanor see Jane watch ned affectionately . pause . she point to he with a spatula . eleanor I think ned 's the politest person I have meet in my life . Jane nod and smile sadly . Eleanor bring over the sandwich and sit down next to she . jane thanks . 118 . Eleanor nod . she point at Jane 's stomach . eleanor be the father out of the picture ? jane uh-huh . I be actually kind of terrify to have this baby -- ( realize ) -- but right now I be not really scared of anything . ( pause ) maybe it 's my hormone . eleanor that make sense . jane what 's go to happen to you and Steve ? eleanor ( shrug ) nobody know . Eleanor go to the refrigerator and get a pitcher of milk . she refill Jane 's glass . she sit back down and stare at Jane for a minute . she say finally : eleanor I be go to tell you something confiden - tially , which will not be mention again . I be pretty sure I be the only person that can say this , include Steve . never mind how I find out -- I be a scientist . it 's the thing that puzzle I about ned 's situation . jane what be it ? eleanor Zissou shoot blank . jane ( hesitates ) uh-huh . eleanor {pause ) I think maybe it 's because he 's spend half he life underwater . 119 . Jane nod thoughtfully . she look to ned outside . CUT to : ned stare into the distance . Jane and Eleanor watch he through the kitchen porthole in the background . ned extinguish he pipe and shake out the ash . Little spark float around he . he slip the pipe into he pocket and go inside . int . cutting room . day Zissou , renzo , and wolodarsky sit at the flat - bed editing console . zissou let 's try track three against picture . wolodarsky press play on a reel - to- reel tape recorder . a piece of brood , suspenseful electronic music begin . renzo roll the film . insert : the screen of the flat -bed . the first image be of ogata , alert in the observation bubble , look out as the ship barely slip by among the tangle ranch of a coral reef . he say something into a walkie- talkie . zissou {( v.o. ) a treacherous reef surround the ping Islands , warning intruder to keep they distance . int . bridge . day Zissou listen by walkie-talkie on the bridge . he give a command to pelé . pelé quickly spin the wheel . zissou ( v.o. ) today , we discover one of its victim off the coast of ping Three . ext . ocean . day the belafonte slowly approach the smolder wreckage of hennessey 's research vessel , half - sink in the bay . it look desert . the crew of the belafonte watch , frighten and disturb . Zissou smile slightly . 120. zissou ( v.0 . ) we colleague alistair hennessey and he crew be nowhere to be find . ext . research vessel . day Zissou pose for the camera stand on the prow of hennessey 's ship , which jut vertically out of the water . he have a determine look on he face . he give a thumb -up . zissou ( v.0 . ) we will land at dawn . CUT to : wolodarsky turn a knob on the tape recorder . the music fade out . renzo stop the film . Zissou nod . he look to wolodarsky and say in a determine voice : zissou not bad . we will temp it with that , anyway . wolodarsky look pleased . ext . beach . day Dawn . a forget beach with demolish cabanas and tatter umbrella stick in the sand . a tear poster with a image of the resort as it once be hang rustling on a crooked board . the sea be calm at low tide . the three - legge dog paddle in from the surf and walk onto the beach . it shake the water off itself . the head of a diver in a mask and a team Zissou wet suit pop up out of the ccean inside the breaker . Seven other diver emerge one by one and advance on the shore . the first diver to reach land take off he mask . he be Zissou . he scan the tree-line with a spear- gun at the ready . he let out a wild yelp . ned , klaus , ogata , renzo , pelé , and wolodarsky take off they mask and aqualung . they check they glock . pelé help wolodarsky inspect a bundle of dynamite . vikram film the scene . Zissou see the dog digging in the sand . he whistle . zissou cody ! the dog go over to Zissou . Zissou and he team run into the jungle . 121 . ext . marsh . day Zissou lead he team through a rice paddy and emerge from the mud among a herd of graze water buffaloe . he look at he ankle and frown . he pull off a leech . zissou oh , shit ! swamp leech ! everybody ! check for swamp leech and pull they off of you ! Zissou pull leech off he arm , hand , foot , and neck . the other check , but no one else have be bitten . Zissou begin to notice this . zissou nobody else get hit ? what 's the deal ? I be the only one ? the other shrug and shake they head . Zissou seem annoyed . wolodarsky pull a leech from behind Zissou 's ear . he examine it closely and touch it with he tongue . he put it into a tiny , Zip -loc specimen bag . Zissou look at he like he be insane . wolodarsky explain : wolodarsky this have curative property . zissou ( hesitates ) well , yeah , I know , but they probably taste like shit . Zissou whistle , and they continue through the jungle . cuT to : the seven diver and the dog hide in the bush on the edge of a clear with they glock out and ready . a five -story cement hotel that look like a bunker stand across from they . it be overgrown with vine and tree , and most of its window have be smashed out . there be a empty , Olympic - size swim pool with dirty water and alga at the bottom . small monkey run and swing on branch in the courtyard . a destroy golf cart lie on its side , partially bury , with a red and white stripe snake wind around its steering wheel . a sign above the front entrance say Hotel citroén . Zissou shake he head . he say sadly : 122. zissou what a shame . they have a bartender here , kino , make the best rum cannonball I ever taste . Zissou sigh . he turn to vikram . zissou you ready , vikram ? vikram hold up he light meter and take a read . he nod . Zissou look to everyone else and shrug . zissou should we do this ? no one respond . Zissou run out into the clear . his group follow he in single - file around the side of the hotel . they cut across a desert tennis court with a fall net and plant grow out of it . they quickly climb a chain -link fence and drop down into a desolate rise garden . they go inside through the service entrance . int . HOTEL . day Zissou and he team run through the kitchen , down a back corridor , and up the fire stair , anxiously check every closet and corner . they hand - signal to each other elaborately and continuously . ext . HOTEL . day Zissou and he team come out onto the roof . Zissou cock he head to one side abruptly . he lick he pinky and hold it up in the air . he nod . zissou the barometer 's fall . it 's go to rain in five minute . we get to be quick . ogata well , where be they ? zissou unknown . Split into two group . in 1ll take ned , ogata , and wolodarsky . klaus ( hurt ) thanks . thanks a lot for not pick I . 123 . klaus walk away to the edge of the roof , shaking he head , with he back to the group . Zissou sigh . he go over to klaus and stand behind he . zissou we be smack in the middle of a lightning strike rescue op , klaus . what 's the deal ? klaus shrug and say without look back to Zissou : klaus I be sick of be on b-squad . 2issou ( surprised ) listen , you may be on b-squad , but you be the b-squad leader . Zissou punch klaus gently in the back . klaus turn around . there be tear in he eye . Zissou continue : zissou do not you know I and esteban always think of you as we baby brother ? klaus nod . he shake he head . he say , choke up : klaus I always think of you two as my dad . please , do not let anyone make fun of I for say so . Zissou hesitates . he hug klaus . zissou I can not guarantee that , klausie , but I 'il try . can we get on with the maneuver now ? there be a flash of lightning , then a thunderclap . everyone look up at the sky . CUT to : Zissou , ned , ogata , and wolodarsky run silently down a corridor . they open each hotel room and look inside with they gun draw . Zissou shout : zissou you get something ? 124. wolodarsky not yet ! CUT to : klaus , pelé , renzo , and vikram racing across a balcony along the front of the building . they peer into the window . klaus yell : klaus anybody see anybody ? pele empty ! CUT to : Zissou and he group convene with klaus and the other at the top of the main staircase above the lobby . zissou klaus ? Pirates ? klaus Zip . I think this whole place be desert . zissou shit ! we play a bum hunch . fuck ! ok , let 's not get down on ourselves . there 's still two more ping Islands to check out , except I do not know if we get enough gas to get there . dammit , Steve ! ( depressed ) this suck . I be disappointed in myself . Zissou sigh . he survey the lobby below . it be fill with trash , overturn furniture , and a huge chandelier which have crash onto the floor . the entire room appear to have be underwater at some point , and there be shell and seaweed everywhere . the concierge desk remain intact . it have start to rain outside . Zissou say quietly : zissou my first wife , jacqueline , and I spend we honeymoon here . ( pause ) thing be pretty different now . Zissou turn to ned beside he . ned look to Zissou uncertainly . Zissou take a deep breath . he motion down the stair and say loudly to the rest of the group : 125 . zissou all right . let 's check out . Zissou start down the staircase . he immediately slip on the slick marble and tumble hard , bounce and roll all the way down to the lobby . he lie on he back , sprawle out on the wet paisley carpet . everyone race down after Zissou . they circle around he . vikram be filming . Zissou say calmly : zissou do you get that , vikram ? vikram ( hesitates ) uh -- yeah . zissou good . we will give they the reality this time . ( utterly defeat ) a wash up old man with no friend , no distribution deal , wife on the rock , people laugh at he , feel sorry for himself . up until now we have a documentary about I be a shitty person -- ( almost pleased ) -- but now it 's actually sad . can I have a word alone with my son , please ? everyone move away leave ned kneel over Zissou . ned be you all right ? zissou not really . by the way , thanks for save my life when that trunk be about to fall off the luggage rack and cold - cock I . ned ( pause ) it probably would not have kill you . zissou well , it would have leave a hell of a knot . I have be try to think of a nick - name that might mean the right thing . I come up with papa-steve . ned hesitates . he nod sadly . he help Zissou to he foot . 126 . zissou I be sorry I never acknowledge you existence all that year . it will not happen again . I mean it . Zissou put he hand around the back of ned 's neck . zissou you be my son to I . almost more so . see , for I to meet a guy like you at this time in my life , it 's just -- Zissou start to say something more , but stop . he look down at the floor and shrug . Z2 issou I do not know . I want to communicate my feeling to you , but I think I might start to cry . ned ( gently ) that 's ok . klaus ring the bell at the reception desk on the other side of the lobby . Zissou and ned look at he . he point to a open closet and say in a loud stage - whisper : klaus something 's in the coat-check . int . coat -check . day a few fade wind - breaker and topcoat hang from a rod . Zissou try a knob on a door at the back of the room . it be lock . he knock lightly and duck away around the corner with he gun poise . there be a quiet tapping and squeaking from behind the door . Zissou motion to ogata . ogata hand he a crowbar . Zissou crack open the door and look inside . int . laundry room . day there be row of rusted and dilapidate wash machine and electric dryer along the wall . Bill sit with hennessey 's japanese television crew on fold metal chair . they be tie up and blindfolded , with duct tape over they mouth . they look starve and half - conscious , and have be beat severely . Zissou run over to Bill . he say hopefully : 127. zissou billy ? you ok ? Zissou undoe Bill 's blindfold and carefully pull the tape off he mouth . Bill say immediately in a parched , crack voice : bill do you get my message ? zissou yeah . it be kind of garble . ned and klaus untie the japanese television crew , who look disorient and terrify . Zissou say to Bill : zissou where be everybody ? when be the last time you hear from this screwball ? bill ( pause ) honestly ? you lose track of time . CUT to : Zissou and he group support Bill and the japanese television crew as they exit the building . Zissou stand at the revolve door , push it as each person go through . he follow they out . he stop suddenly . there be ten fresh grave line up in a row next to the front door . a operation hennessey hat hang from a make - shift cross on each mound of dirt . everyone wait in silence . they look shocked . klaus say nervously : klaus Jesus . this pirate be monster . zissou ( hesitates ) well , yeah , but remember I shot one of they guy in the neck last week and kill he , so I think we be ok , too. ( suddenly ) where 's cody ? int . HOTEL . day Zissou come back inside through the revolve door . he see the three - legge dog across the lobby , near the bottom of the stair , stare transfix at a door , growl . 128 . Zissou frown . he yell : zissou cody ? the dog do not respond . pause . Zissou walk slowly toward he . ned watch from outside through a glass door . Zissou stand over the dog . he open the door . Fifteen Indonesian man sit at a table smoking cigarettes and play card in a abandon ballroom . there be dollar , euros , rupee , and yen crumpled and toss in front of they . Three other man cook turtle soup and rice over can of sterno . another twenty - five or thirty man stand around with shot - glass in they hand . there be rifle , pistol , and machete strewn across the table and floor . there be can of fuel and crate of steal food and clothing stack along the wall . there be pile of watch , television set , pornographic videotape , jewelry , and bottle of liquor . the pirate be all stare at Zissou . hennessey sit among they hold a hand of card in front of he . his hair have be shorn off , and there be cut and scratch all over he scalp and face . he have lose several tooth . he hesitates . hennessey Steven , be you rescue I ? pause . Zissou nod reluctantly . hennessey look deeply touch . he drop he card on the table and say to the pirate : hennessey fold. ( to Zissou ) what 's we next move ? Zissou hesitates . a pirate across the table shoot hennessey . hennessey be knock down flat on the floor . Zissou grimace in horror . he duck behind the staircase and struggle to get he Glock out of its holster . the rest of the pirate scramble , grab weapon and shoot . Zissou shoot back . ext . HOTEL . day the rain be come down hard . ned stand outside watch through the glass door as the gunfire start inside . his eye widen . he turn to klaus and yell : ned klaus , bring the dynamite ! 129 . klaus grab the bundle of dynamite from pelé . he and ned run into the lobby through the revolve door . the dog dart out while it be still spin . Bill , ogata , renzo , pelé , wolodarsky , and the japanese television crew stand freeze at the edge of the empty swim pool . the shoot inside burst into a frenzy . ogata and pelé exchange a look . they draw they glock . there be a large explosion inside the hotel . pause . Zissou , ned , and klaus run out , drag hennessey , who limp and hop . they be all completely cover in black soot , and klaus be on fire . hennessey be bloody . smoke pour from the lobby through the revolve door . klaus rapidly peel off the top of he burn wet suit . his skin be clean and white beneath it . he stamp out the flame . Zissou shout : zissou they be in there , after all ! run! go! move ! now ! Zissou and he group sprint panic back into the jungle . ext . jungle . day Zissou lead everyone across a narrow footbridge over a gorge . he say to hennessey as they run : zissou vikram get some great footage of you boat out there . I guess it 's totalled , huh ? hennessey perhaps , but we be extremely well - insure . i’1l probably come out ahead , in the end -- although we all obviously have to crew - up from scratch next time . ( quietly ) they make soup out of my research turtles . Zissou see a half - destroy poster for the ping invitational paste - up at the end of the bridge next to a sign point to the ninth hole . he shake he head . zissou the ninth be a long four , but you have to hook it short before the bluff or you would end up skip out into that rice paddy . 130 . a bullet zing past Zissou . he look back . the pirate emerge shoot from the other side of the gorge . pelé take a bullet in the shoulder but keep run . Zissou and he group duck behind a embankment . they exchange a volley of gunfire with the pirate . Zissou yell : zissou ogata , do some first aid on pelé ! klausie ! ned -o ! dig in and hold this rustler off while I call in the rendez - vous ! we will meet on the beach ! Zissou signal for the other to run . he start to go himself but hesitates . he point to ned and klaus . zissou you 's be a-squad ! klaus give Zissou a annoyed look . he and ned continue the gunfight as Zissou take off . ext . beach . day the skinny , thirteen - year - old Indonesian boy sit alone cooking a sea-crab on a spit over a campfire in the sand . he hear gunfire from the jungle and look up quickly . he frown . he pick up a machete . Zissou race out of the tree . he shout into a walkie- talkie : zissou renzo ! renzo ! renzo ! anybody ! hello ? hella ? Zissou frown at the walkie-talkie . he shout to wolodarsky behind he : 2issou this gizmo 's out of juice ! wolodarsky grab the walkie-talkie out of Zissou 's hand and look at it . he smashes it onto the ground . Zissou see the boy on the beach . he point he spear- gun at he . the boy stand up slowly as a look of panic come over he face . Bill put he hand in front of Zissou 's spear - gun and say with emotion : bill that 's cédric . he 's a friend . 131. Bill wave to the boy . the boy wave back with he machete . Zissou say wistfully : zissou merci , cédric . ( to Bill ) remind I , we all send he a red cap and speedo . ext . marina . day Zissou run onto a desert pier , follow by the rest of he group . there be a large fishing boat moor near the shore . the pirate 's speedboat sit tie at the end of the dock . Zissou yell to pelé : zissou grab the key out of that fishing boat and throw they in the water ! no , wait ! they might have a spare set ! just blow it up ! pelé nod . he have a tourniquet on he arm . he climb onto the fishing boat and run inside . Zissou direct everyone else to board the speedboat . he get in after they . Bill freeze . he stare at something on deck at the prow . Zissou go over to he and look . the yellow safe from the belafonte sit in front of they . ogata start the speedboat 's motor . pelé run from the fishing beat , down the dock , and jump into the speedboat . the sound of yell and shoot grow louder from the jungle . wolodarsky administer to hennessey 's and pelé 's bullet wound . Zissou look to the beach . ned and klaus sprint out of the jungle , fire back over they shoulder . Zissou open fire at the tree to cover they . ned and klaus throw themselves onto the speedboat . klaus gun it , and they pull away from the dock . Zissou say to ned : zissou well , it look like we recover you inheritance . Zissou motion to the safe . ned nod , breathe heavily . Zissou kneel down and spin the dial leave and right . he open the safe . there be large hole blow in the back , and the ocean be beyond it . the safe be empty . ned 's face appear in the hole . he look at Zissou through the safe . 132 . zissou all right . that 's it . I be retire . ned frown . he shake he head . he motion for Zissou to come toward he . Zissou lean into the safe . ned whisper in the darkness -- with a strange metallic echo magnify he voice : ned this might not be the right time or place to discuss this , papa - Steve , but we have still get a shark to wrestle , and -- zissou {curiously ) the acoustic be unbelievable in here . test ! test ! ned hesitates . the fishing boat explode near the shore behind they . Zissou pull himself out of the safe and run to the back of the speedboat . he make a congratulatory gesture to pelé . pelé shrug sheepishly . Zissou suddenly spot the three - legge dog stand alone at the end of the pier , wag its tail , watch they . zissou oh , no ! we get to go back and get -- Zissou turn around to he passenger . they all look at he -- blacken , bloody , and shell - shocked . Zissou sigh . he turn away again to look at the dog as it recede behind they . he wave to it and say quietly : zissou good-bye , cody . the pirate begin to appear on the beach in the distance one by one as the speedboat race away from the marina . a Zodiak motorboat pull up alongside they . Eleanor be at the wheel , with the curly - black -haire intern beside she . she wave to Zissou enthusiastically . Zissou shrug . ogata throw a rubber ring at one of the dolphin scout swim with the Zodiak . the dolphin catch the ring on its nose . the sound of a helicopter fade - in under the scene . int . helicopter . day ned fly Zissou 's chopper low over the ocean . he wear a team Zissou flight -suit . Zissou sit in the seat beside he look out with he boy scout binocular . they speak in voice - over : 133 . ned ( v.0 . ) see , this represent the belafonte , and here 's pescespada Island , and this circle represent friendship , and the k here stand for klaus . CUT to : Zissou , ned , and klaus stand on the deck of the belafonte look down at something in front of they . Zissou look depressed . ned have a needle and thread in one hand and a pair of scissors in the other . the sound of the chopper continue under the scene . klaus turn to ned suddenly . he seem move . klaus where 's you symbol , ned ? ned ( hesitates ) oh , I do not want to impose myself . zissou ( sadly ) klaus be right . the flag need a ned symbol . ned ( pleased ) well , I suppose I could put a N on the side of this octopus . zissou ( point ) what 's that stand for over there ? CUT to : Zissou and ned fly in the helicopter . they speak in voice - over : ned ( v.0 . ) that 's esteban . cuT to : the cargo hold . a extremely large number of electronic part be scattered across a tarp on the floor . Zissou and wolodarsky stand together in front of the disassembled scan monitor . spark and smoke come out of it . the sound of the chopper continue under the scene . 134 . wolodarsky it be work ok until late last night , but now the whole tracking system 's go completely on the fritz . zissou screw it . we will sell it for scrap , along with the boat and the submarine . I be go home . CUT to : ned pull Zissou aside in the stairwell . the sound of the chopper continue under the scene . ned say firmly : ned let 's take up the chopper and see what we find out there , anyway . I have get a feel we can spot this fish froma hundred and eleven foot up . z2issou ( defeat ) ned , I do not know if I ever even see this bastard . ned ( raise he voice ) | it have $ 275,000 invest in this damn production . something eat esteban , do not it ? now lead ! Zissou look at ned curiously . ned hesitates . he say hopefully : ned right ? ned put out he hand , palm down . ned right ? ned throw he hand up into the air . ned Ho ! CUT to : 135 . Zissou and ned fly in the helicopter . Zissou signal for ned to alter they course . ned nod . CUT to : ned 's cabin . the sound of the chopper continue under the scene . ned zip up he team Zissou flight - suit and tie the lace on he boot . a envelope slip under the door into he room . he pick it up and look at it . he smile . Zissou say in voice - over : zissou ( v.o. ) what 's that ? CUT to : Zissou and ned come out onto the upper deck of the belafonte . the sound of the chopper continue under the scene . ned wear a helmet with he flight-suit . he be read he letter , smile , as he and Zissou walk toward the helicopter platform . ned a letter from Jane . zissou ( hesitates ) what do she say ? ned ( wistfully ) nothing to speak of . ned wave to Jane stand in the wind on the look - out tower . hennessey and Bill be beside she . hennessey be shirtless , with a large bandage over he mid-section . Jane smile down at ned and wave back to he . CUT to : Zissou and ned fly in the helicopter . ned and klaus shout in voice - over : klaus ( v.0o . ) thank you for put I on the flag , ned ! ned ( v.o . ) of course , klaus ! it be my pleasure ! CUT to : 136 . ned sit in the chopper with the motor run . Zissou be beside he . klaus stand crouch over outside ned 's door . he hold ned 's arm and yelis earnestly over the sound of the engine : klaus yeah , but you stitched I onto the dolphin , and I want you to know how much it mean to I ! ned well , I be very pleased you like it ! klaus ( sharply ) you be not listen to I ! I do not just like it ! klaus hesitates . he salute ned formally . pause . klaus do you understand ? CUT to : Zissou and ned fly in the helicopter . ned shout gratefully in voice - over : ned ( v.0 . ) yes , I do ! thank you , klaus ! Zissou reach into he pocket and take out a old , beat up envelope . he yell to ned : zissou I have still get yours , of course ! ned ( confuse ) my what ? Zissou take a letter out of the envelope . he unfold it and hand it to ned . insert : a wear and fade typewritten note on graph paper . a young boy read it in voice-over . dear Captain Zissou , iam 12 year old and live in jawbone , kentucky . a creek run behind we house where I live with my mother ( she meet you once some year ago ) , and I collect and catalogue amphibian , reptile , and insect . I do not know what this one be call , so I name it myself : there be a draw in pencil of a gnat label kentucky Zissou fly . you be probably my one of if not the favorite person I have ever study . I plan to be either : a ) a oceanographer . b ) a architect . c ) a pilot . thank you very much for you good work . sincerely , ned plimpton Blue Star cadet , Zissou Society p.s. do you ever wish you could breathe underwater ? CUT to : ned with tear in he eye . he say to Zissou : ned I still wish I could breathe underwater . zissou ( sadly ) I , too , ned . something catch Zissou 's attention in the water below . he look down the side of the chopper through he binocular . a school of gently glow pink fish swim rapidly in the shallow . Zissou turn to ned and say excitedly : zissou fluorescent snapper ! ned ( hesitates ) what 's that ? zissou a good sign ! last time we see this big shit-kicker , he be -- the helicopter hit a air pocket and bounce once hard . there be a loud thump and a whoosh , follow by a metallic ping from above . ned turn quickly to Zissou , concerned . Zissou look uneasy . he point toward the ceiling . zissou something pop up there , do not it ? 138. ned nod and check he instrument . ned I hear a pin snap loose in the -- there be a sudden , deafen groan overhead . the sound of the rotor blade slow and then crack . the chopper drop like a stone . Zissou and ned brace themselves . ned pull on the control . the helicopter rattles and rumble vigorously . a chunk of twisted steel rip into the roof , tear open the cockpit . Glass shatter , and part of the helicopter break away . ned turn to Zissou and smile uncertainly . Zissou hesitates . ned shrug and smile more broadly . Zissou reach out to ned and put he arm across ned 's chest , brace he . he say blankly : zissou this be go to hurt . ext . underwater . day bubbles rocket past they as they sink . CUT to : the ocean . Zissou surface among the wreckage and burn debris of the destroy helicopter . there be blood all over he . he see ned right away , drape calmly over a flotation cushion . his helmet be still on , and he face be white . Zissou yell to he : zissou ned ? ned nod to Zissou and say evenly : ned hey , steevesy . Zissou swim over to ned and pull he helmet off . zissou be you ok ? ned I think so . ned slide off the flotation cushion and start to slip beneath the surface . Zissou put he arm around ned 's body and hold he above the water . 139 . zissou what happen ? we hit something ? ned most likely not . I think maybe the push - rod fail . zissou I be sorry , ned . I should have scrapped this chopper ten year ago . ned ( get a idea ) you know , maybe I should have auto-rotate and perform a high - bank through we descent . we might have crash a little softer . ( pause ) probably would not have make any difference , though . ned close he eye , and he body go limp . Zissou put he finger to ned 's neck to check for a pulse . he look around in a panic . ext . beach . day Zissou carry ned out of the surf and set he down in the sand . smoke rise from the crash site beyond the break wave . Zissou sit on he knee next to the body . he take ned 's hand and hold it . ext . ocean . day dusk . the belafonte sit at anchor with two sea-plane dock alongside it . White Christmas light be strung along the ship 's railing and around the edge of its window . ext . MAIN deck . day Zissou and he crew stand with Jane , drakoulias , Phillip , hennessey , Bill , the japanese television crew , and two middle - age man in Air kentucky pilot uniform around a casket wrap in a team Zissou flag . Zissou have cut , bruise , and bandage all over he face and body . klaus read from a bundle of little scrap of paper . everyone listen with tear all over they face -- except Zissou , who stare straight ahead with a hollow look in he eye . klaus finish . Jane step forward with a stack of letter in she hand . she tuck they into the casket . she press the lid 140 . shut and take a slow , deep breath . she close she fist around the glitter sand - dollar hang from she neck . CUT to : Zissou , klaus , ogata , pelé , and the two Air kentucky pilot slide the casket off the side of the deck . it drop length - wise into the surf . int . observation bubble . day Eleanor watch sadly through the porthole underwater as the casket sink past she . she smoke a cigarette . int . salon . night a small reception after the funeral . pelé be in the corner play a quiet David bowie song on he guitar . Eleanor sit in a red vinyl armchair next to drakoulias . she have a box of kleenex in she lap . she touch one to she eye and tilt she head back to keep the tear from run down she face . Zissou , klaus , and ogata stand together drink glass of whiskey . zissou this be the first time Eleanor 's ever cry in front of I as long as I have know she -- except once when she get she arm catch in the deck -winch . break it in two place . hennessey fill two cup of coffee at a espresso machine on the counter . a label on the base of the machine say operation hennessey . hennessey turn abruptly to Bill . hennessey be this my espresso machine ? how have you get my espresso machine ? bill ( pause ) ah , we fuck steal it , man . hennessey frown . he bring a cup of coffee over to Eleanor . Zissou sit down next to they and say to hennessey : zissou allie , why do not you go powder you nose ? I want to talk to you ex-wife . hennessey nod . he hold Zissou by the arm and say confidentially : 141 . hennessey we have never make great husband , have we ? of course , I have a good excuse . I be part - gay . Zissou shrug . he smile and say warmly : zissou supposedly , everyone be . hennessey hug Zissou and walk away . Zissou turn to Eleanor . zissou I never tell you this , but I be hope we be go to get the chance to adopt ned . I think he would have want it that way . would you have go along with I on that one ? eleanor he be thirty , Steve -- but I would have consider it . zissou ( move ) thanks , Eleanor . Zissou go over to drakoulias . they stand together in front of the window . the moon be up , but it be still light outside . drakoulias we be a die breed . zissou yeah . I guess we be all right while we last , though , be not we ? drakoulias oh , we be like glory 's gate , my darling . we be like that bloody shark of yours . we swim with the -~ goddammit , I have it on the plane . what be I go to say ? oh , well . it 's good to see you . zissou how 's you passport status ? drakoulias much better , thank you . I be back down to X - 4 . 142 . drakoulias motion to Jane sit alone on a red vinyl sofa across the room . she look devastate . mascara run down she cheek . drakoulias who knock - up the reporter ? zissou ( pause ) I do not know . Zissou pick up a chocolate - cover strawberry and a napkin off a tray . he walk over to Jane and sit down beside she . he hand she the strawberry . she take a bite . zissou by the way , thanks for show I you first draft . jane you read it ? what have you think ? zissou well , at first I be embarrassed . obviously , people be go to think I be a showboat and a little bit of a prick -- but then I realize : that 's I . I say that thing . I do that thing . ( shrug ) I can live with that . Jane smile desolately . she take the napkin and rub off some of she smear mascara . Zissou say simply : zissou you be a good writer , Jane . jane it 's the f-ing cover . zissou ( wistfully ) that a girl . wolodarsky open the door and say : wolodarsky Excuse I . I be sorry to interrupt , but we just get the scan monitor back up , and the jaguar shark or whatever it be we be tracking look like it 's ina trench on the far side of the reef . 143 . silence . Zissou look to the rest of the party and shrug . he say sadly : zissou anybody feel like go for a ride ? int . miniature submarine . night Zissou , Eleanor , Jane , klaus , drakoulias , Bill , wolodarsky , ogata , pelé , vikram , renzo , hennessey , and the remain intern with the break arm be all squeeze into Zissou 's submersible deep search , formerly jacqueline . flow water cast shadow in pattern on they face . Zissou be at the wheel . a depth-sound ping echoe periodically . there be a large , dead tuna with cluster of sparkling chip among its scale trail at the end of a line behind they . Zissou point it out to Jane : zissou I hook a rhinestone bluefin on a rope to give he something to eat . Jane nod . insert : the dashboard control panel . a warning sticker below the fuel gauge read : no more than six ( 6 ) passenger permit at any time . Zissou press a button and a piece of dreamy electronic music begin to play . CUT to : Zissou steering the vessel into a pitch - black trench . he flip a switch and turn on the light outside the submarine . they descend through school of luminous fish , past giant crab , sea-turtles , electric eel , and octopus which dart cut from they cave to see they . tiny , glow , translucent creature circle around they as they dive deeper and deeper . they arrive at the bottom of the trench . Black water smoke from stack among the rock below , and strange flower and vine float and shiver on the ocean 's floor . a undersea river with a mist over it wind through a shallow canyon . the submarine hover . Zissou compare the number on the instrument panel with a list in a notebook . wolodarsky type something into a calculator and turn to Zissou . he shrug . Zissou neds . he dim the light . they look out into the darkness . 144 , a school of gently glow pink fish suddenly swarm around the vessel , swirl in all direction , and disappear . Zissou breathes heavily . everyone wait in silence . a gigantic shark seventy foot long emerge slowly from the darkness . it look scratch and scar and pre-historic . its skin be cover with black and gold ring and circle and it shimmer with a silver lustre . a small home device on the end of a dart blink brightly on it 's back . it swim quietly toward they . Zissou swallow . everyone watch , hypnetize . vikram film it . klaus say oddly : klaus be that he ? hennessey answer quietly , with emotion : hennessey that 's he , klaus . the shark sweep gently past the tiny submarine and bump it lightly , snap away the tuna . the submarine dip violently and tip over . the passenger be throw sideways . they look at each other , terrify . Zissou rights the submarine and steer away from the rock . Jane whisper : jane be we safe in here ? Zissou turn to Jane and smile . zissou I doubt it . the shark circle back around they . klaus look concerned . klaus do we still want to blow it up ? zissou ( pause ) Nah . we be out of dynamite , anyway . Eleanor look to Zissou . she smile . she say warmly ( in spite of everything ) : eleanor it be beautiful , Steve . zissou yeah , it 's pretty good , be not it ? Eleanor nod . silence . Zissou say softly : 145 . zissou I wonder if he remember I . pause . tear suddenly stream down Zissou 's cheek . his body clenches up , and he arm coil around he shoulder . he cover he face and start cry . Eleanor put she hand on the top of Zissou 's head . Jane put she hand on Zissou 's knee . klaus hold Zissou 's shoulder . drakoulias take Zissou 's hand . ogata take the other . pelé , Bill , and the break -arm intern touch Zissou 's back . hennessey place he hand on the back of Zissou 's neck . Zissou reach out to Jane and put he hand on she stomach . Jane smile sadly . jane in twelve year , he will be eleven and a halt . Zissou look surprised and touch . he say with he voice crack : zissou that be my favorite age . int . auditorium . night the screen at the loquasto Film Festival . the scene in progress show the jaguar shark as it swim away into the darkness . CUT to : Zissou , ned , and Jane on the deck of the belafonte , lean against the railing , look out at the sunset . ned point to the horizon , imitate Zissou 's pose from the official publicity still . he say to Zissou : ned like this ? Zissou nod . he answer wistfully : z1issou just like that . ned take Jane 's hand . Jane turn to Zissou . jane you do it , too . Zissou smile . he point to the horizon . the image freeze , and he say in voice - over : 146 . zissou ( v.o. ) we complete the adventure , but another member of we crew have be lose . insert : the new flag . it be pale blue , pale green , and white . there be a red Z inside a circle at the center . there be a E ina life-ring on the leave . there be a B on a anchor at the right . there be a k on a dolphin at the top . there be a N on a octopus below . zissou ( v.0o . ) this one be my son . CUT to : a close - up of the back of ned 's head with the new flag fly on a pole beyond he . he have he pipe in he mouth , and the wind blow the smoke . zissou ( v.0o . ) also we equity partner . a dedication appear at the bottom of the screen : title : in memory ned kingsley plimpton Zissou CuT to : the audience at the screen watch intently . there be a empty seat in - between Eleanor and drakoulias . zissou ( v.0 . ) we start the voyage home in we wounded vessel . Jane sit in the front row of the high tier of the balcony chew gum and watch the screen . she wear a sad , remote look on she face . she hold she baby wrap in a blanket with a miniature knitted red cap on its head . ext . theatre . night Zissou sit alone on the step outside the auditorium . a red carpet run down to the street in front of he . there be a few guard with machine - gun at the entrance to the theatre , and a quiet crowd wait behind a barricade . 147 . Zissou wear he red pin in the lapel of he tuxedo and he gold legion of honor medal around he neck . there be a gold - plate award statuette of a barracuda on the pavement beside he . he smoke a joint . the sound of applause be hear from inside . klaus 's nephew , Werner , come out and sit next to Zissou . Zissou look at he . pause . Zissou reach into he pocket and take out ned 's team Zissou ring . he give it to Werner . Werner examine it and put it onto he finger . Zissou make a little flick of the wrist and say quietly : zissou Ho . Werner look up at Zissou . he nod . werner Ho . string of light flicker over Zissou and Werner 's head . Zissou say wearily with hope and regret : zissou this be a adventure . Three set of double - door open at once and the audience burst out from the lobby . the wait crowd push through the barricade . fan and paparazzi surround Zissou and Werner . Zissou grab he award statuette . he pick up Werner with one hand and set he onto he shoulder . he walk sadly down the red carpet with Werner float above the rush mob . flashbulb go off all around they . they disappear into the congregation as it flow down the street to the marina . the belafonte wait moor in the bay .