the empty Mirror screenplay by Barry hershey and R. Buckingham Story by Barry hershey walden Woods Film company , Inc. June 5 , 1995 the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.1 fade in : 1 prologue - ( accompanied by a wagnerian overture ) a series of grainy image snow blow over dead soldier in a road . a grainy image : a woman drag a emaciate corpse , its foot leave a shallow furrow in the sand . a grief stricken mother caress the face of she dead child . the image dissolve into a gray , swirl , grainy abstraction . 2 swirling , out-of -focus shape , black and white on the sound track : voice , distort , animalistic . the title come up over the abstract image . some of the letter be runic , mystical . the title fade out . the voice distill to one familiar voice . the swirl shape begin to focus as we move back . we be watch a " screen " suspend in space . on the screen : a impassion man speak to a rapt crowd of Hitler youth . adolf hitler , at the peak of he power . hitler ( german , no subtitles ) we will pass from the scene , but for you , Germany will live on . and when we be go , it will be you duty to hold high in you clench fist the banner which we raise out of nothingness . and I know it cannot be otherwise , for you be flesh of we flesh and blood of we blood , and the same spirit that rule we burn in you young brain . today , stand on this stage , I be but a tiny part of that which extend beyond , over the whole of Germany , and we want you , german boy and german girl , to absorb all we hope for the future of that Germany . we want to be one nation , and you , my youth , shall become that nation . we want a end to class and class division , and you must keep such idea from loom within yourselves . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.2 as he forcefully gesticulates , we move further back from the screen and pan across a dark , dank , dungeon - like cell . hitler ( 0.s. in german ) we want to see one Reich in the future , and you must prepare yourselves for it . we want this nation to be obedient , and you must practice obedience . we want this nation to be peace - loving but brave as well , and you must be peace- loving . you must be peace- loving and brave at the same time . 3 the speech near it's end , the camera find a shadowy figure . stand alone in the cell , near a old projector , study , mesmerize by the image on the screen ( the " cell - screen " ) . wearing a suit from the thirty , this man resemble the man on the screen : Hitler . the projector 's reel turn . the speech continue . the man in the cell become increasingly prideful , strong . hitler ( 0.s. , in german ) Germany lie before we , Germany march within we , and Germany come after we ! the crowd answer , roaring : sieg Heil ! ein volk ! ein Reich ! ein fuhrer ! as the chant fade , we get we first clear look at the man in the cell , bask in the adulation . it 's confirm : this be adolf hitler . he turn a switch to reverse the film , stop , switch it forward . Adolf study the last moment of the speech again . the project image allow he to drink from the memory of he old power . he be narcissus at the pond . off-frame , we hear the climax of Hitler 's speech ; and the crowd 's roaring chant : " sieg heil ! sieg heil ! " Adolf stand watch . ( we will call he " Hitler " in historical image , " Adolf " when in the cell ) the light reflect off the screen onto he face . as the cheer begin to fade , the film clip come to a end ; follow by clear film leader . Adolf continue stare at the screen , rapt . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.3 dissolve to : inside the projector - image in the " gate " during the long dissolve , Adolf be temporarily superimpose over the sprocket and gear and film strip of the projector 's gate mechanism . the end of the leader slap through the gate . the projector lamp switch off . much wider : the room go dark . Adolf turn toward we , speak the last line of the speech , repeat the gesture he use , perhaps try to improve . adolf Germany lie before we , Germany march within we , and Germany come after we ! we realize he 's watch he reflection in a mirror . after a few moment he lift both hand , finger spread wide near he face . imploringly , he shake they , this time with no emotion -- just scrutinize the body language . he smoothes down he suit jacket . check it for flaw , then throw back he shoulder , stiffen he back and click he heel . he half - salute himself . we move closer . time slow almost to a freeze . it 's a long , uncomfortable moment . it 's interrupt by a tapping from off screen . Adolf snap to guard alertness . 4 a lamp on a table be quickly douse . the cell go to shadow . CUT to : a jailer in a plain guard 's uniform , tapping on the wall with a long club ( do not see he face here ) . he pass behind Adolf , who now sit in a chair draw ina sketchbook . the image : Nazi architecture , massive building and shrine for a new city . in the background , the jailer poke around Adolf 's bed with a club , probing . apparently satisfied for now , the jailer exit frame . Adolf turn the light back on , relax slightly , he face droops with fatigue . he stroke the back of he hand . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.4 image flash : 5 a woman' long blonde hair - mostly abstract . we study its soft , appeal texture . inexplicably , a swarthy hand rise up through the hair , and then disappear back down into it . dissolve to : 6 steam . white , swirling . the steam thin . we see Adolf 's chest , he suit , a pin on the lapel -- a swastika in a circle . hot water pour from a faucet into a old porcelain sink . Adolf turn it off , dip he hand into the steaming water . the steam rise in front of he face . he clean he hand , nervous . focus . he begin to whistle to himself -- a few bar from wagner . ( along with the sound track , as if he " hear it " ) sound : distant scream , distant explosion , a roaring inferno . if Adolf hear they , its impossible to tell . he dry he hand , and exit . we move through the steam to : 7 the wall it 's dark stone surface be rough , moist , with vein of black mineral . we move along the wall , and pass a distinct open , a crumble , rough hole create by a vertical crack in the stone . a faint bluish light shine through from the other side . we continue along the wall to a table , on which we discover two frame photo . one of Adolf 's mother : large , light - gray eye with dark , penetrate pupil and a plain , anxious face . then the eye of Hitler as a child . nearby be a partial wooden mask of Hitler , upside down . finally , we discover Adolf , lie in he bed , he back to we . with he right hand , he pinch compulsively at he leave wrist , as if try to get at something crawl just under the skin . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.5 we move slowly in towards the back of he head until the frame be fill with blackness . fade up from this blackness to : the gray , texture wall ( a intentional repeat ) . we glide along this surface , past the back - light open in the wall . again , we arrive at a table , with the two frame photo . one of klara , the smaller one of Hitler as a child . and again , the Hitler mask lie on the table , but in a slightly different position . finally , as before , Adolf be reveal lie in he bed , face away from we . this time , he be still . we move slowly in towards the back of Adolf 's head , fill the frame with blackness . over the blackness : adolf ( 0.s. , dictating ) at the extreme one become a symbol . 8 adolf in a single pool of light pace . adolf every man who desire adulation will recognize in I the pure manifestation of that dark part of himself . a old typewriter appear in the foreground , finger typing . Adolf turn , strut a few step , look at the mirror . adolf ( continue ) I be the perfect reflection of each man with a lust to dominate , who have some bias or prejudice ... some unsatisfy craving . on the cell screen in the background : townspeople greet Adolf 's car as he enter a invade city . adolf some will condemn I morally , but they can not escape the power of my image . they self - righteousness will dissolve as they heart beat with the rhythm of my essence . even that poor soul who hate I will privately envy I , because I fulfil my the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.6 dream while other repress they true desire . thus , have I guarantee my immortality ; the essential Hitler have a hold on every human heart . Adolf stop , very satisfied . but insecurity re-emerges . he turn to the typist , who for now be always see from the back . ( he be Nordic , with blonde hair , a chisele face , dress in a black ss uniform . he be eager , dutiful . ) adolf ( to the typist ) do that sound cliched ?.... ( the typist do not answer ) anyway , let 's end this on a poetic note : will to power , will to form , will to beauty . medium close on adolf : after pause to appreciate he word , he turn and walk out of frame , leave blackness . dissolve to : 9 omitted 10 adolf , at the projector carefully thread the projector . he switch on the lamp . its brilliance leak from crack in the housing . the motor drone up to speed . the film chatter through the gate . the tiny image come to life , suspend upside - down behind the lens . colorful this time . we follow the beam of light through the lens outward into the cell to the cell screen . on the cell -screen : Eva , wear she peasant dress ( smile into the camera ) , on the porch of they mountain retreat . then on the beach , frolick in she bathing suit . this be ‘home movie ' image . she seem remarkably innocent and young . the camera boom down to Adolf in the foreground , silhouett against the cell - screen image of Eva . we drift around to Adolf 's face , which have soften with nostalgia . we drift behind he again . he stand up , block out the image . hold on the blackness . 11 fade in : a magnifying lens in adolf' hand . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.7 animate shape swirl in the glass . it move aside , revealing a photographic proof sheet that capture sample motion picture frame , take from a speech . Adolf scrutinize they with unnatural intensity . sound : we hear a distant crowd : sieg Heil ! echoed . it rise in volume to a roar . 12 vast rank of soldier move in and out of focus . it 's the 1934 party rally at Nuremberg . the rank of soldier , out of focus , form abstract geometric shape . adolf nothing be more important to I than the preservation of this image . Adolf stop fiddling with the lens , cross and sit stiffly . imperious . we discover dr . joseph goebbel kneel on one knee at Adolf 's foot . he be short and thin , dark - haire and ferret - face . one leg be crippled . on the cell -screen : the formation and movement be strikingly choreograph . formal and angular . adolf power , order , solemnity . look at the man , Goebbels . the geometry . the classic line . Goebbels limp up to the cell - screen , move he hand to outline the formation . goebbel you know what I like most ? you decision to break the formation here and here . not only do it serve the composition , it give the impression of the Cross . he draw the cross on the cell - screen as he 's speak , show the pattern . adolf ( nodd ) mmmm ... the messiah theme . he cross back to Adolf , retake he position at he foot . goebbel ah ... here it be . cell -screen : Hitler walk slowly up the middle of the vast formation of stand soldier . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.8 adolf do you think I should have walk down the aisle alone ? goebbel a interesting question . adolf my instinct be that a loner would be view as less trustworthy . better to be surround by faithful lieutenant . adolf ( cont would ) ( study the unfold pageantry ) that man , Goebbels . what be they think ? goebbel a person want to be part of something beyond he small self . to escape . to be lose ina historic moment . adolf I wonder if they foot hurt . Goebbels hesitates , unsure if Adolf be make a joke . goebbel you organize we on a whole new basis . Adolf stare questioningly . goebbel by invoke Aryan superiority ... you enable we to transcend regional and religious rivalry . even trivial issue of gender , age . and class distinction . cell screen : Soldiers represent numerous german community eagerly answer a roll call ( play in silence ) . propaganda footage , swastikas , idealize Aryan youth , zealous crowd , build to grandiose scale . adolf ( stand ) I create a great circulation of energy , self - replicate , self - reaffirming . ( after a few beat , erupt ) my god ! pumped with adrenaline , Adolf stand near a table that display a model for a Nazi city . in the foreground of we shot : massive building . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.9 fade to black 13 over black : the crowd sound fade and distort fade in : a montage of fragment , abstract image : a ancient norse hammer ( thor 's ) arc through blackness . firelight flicker off eight test - tube of blood . detail of human shape , abstract , black and white . Black hair be pull out of sand . abstract detail of a skull - like death -mask . Red liquid ooze from a crack in the ceiling . fade to black 13a over black - we hear metal spike raking on stone the jailer 's club , its tip menacingly wrap in barb wire , appear out of the darkness , drag along the wall . the jailer 's eye glow from the dark like a wolf 's in firelight . 14 on the typist inscrutable , unemotional , the typist type Adolf 's word . Adolf 's mood have go dark and bitter , full of hate . adolf in the first world war , the Jews and the bolsheviks stab Germany in the back . on the cell -screen : the propaganda image . night rally . adolf even as german blood spill in we just and noble cause , the enemy within seek to destroy we with treachery . the bad within must be extract . we must protect Germany . I must save the motherland from this defilement ! the vein on Adolf 's face bulge with rage . he begin to cough , with increase violence , until he 's hack up phlegm . out of respect , the typist avert he gaze . Adolf hurry to wipe he mouth with he handkerchief . Adolf pants for breath . he cross past the cell - screen , and into the darkness . 15 close : adolf unbutton the cuff of he shirt sleeve . a woman 's hand stick the needle of a syringe into the top of a small bottle of whitish liquid . the plunger suck up the liquid into the syringe . Adolf lower he arm in readiness . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.10 16 seven hitler youth , four boy , three girl . the girl , feminine and petite , sit on a bench face Adolf . behind they , the boy , tall and angular , stand " at ease " . we keep we distance ( wider shot ) . Adolf pace . adolf Film be the magician 's mirror . the first art form that allow the artist to project he dream and fantasy into the inner life of the viewer . to reshape and capture he soul . he stop , turn towards the rapt twelve - to- sixteen - year-old . adolf ( cont would ) who 's the tallest here ? among the girl ? they hesitate . a tall girl bravely raise she hand . Adolf motion for she to stand , come nearer . she do . adolf kneel down . she obey , shyly . from she Pov , he now loom above she . her tension be vaguely sexual . adolf tell you classmate what you have experience . youth girl I will obey my fuhrer . Adolf gently help she up . she walk back to the bench . adolf what I do , I do for film . to create a perfect reality indelibly imprint in the mind of billion . my work of grandeur and destruction live on . they will touch and transform even the unborn . cell -screen : spectacular Nazi parade : Soldiers , armament , throng of people wave along the route . Adolf stand in a open car , move in isolation among the crowd like a roll statue . adoring crowd chant Heil Hitler . in the cell , Adolf increase the volume to deafen level . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.11 I be the artist . I be the art work . a tall boy' glass reflect image from the cell screen , which progress to night parade - thousand carry torch . Adolf walk into the projector beam , he shadow on the screen surround by the torch - bear crowd . adolf I be Homer , I be Ulysses , I be the odyssey . the image transition to night battle ; all around Adolf 's shadow , which continue to grow , explosion flash , fire rage . heroic soldier charge into battle . wider : the youth in the foreground , the cell - screen in the background . adolf ( cont would ) I enlist powerful man , courageous man , to the task of fulfil my artistic destiny . 17 a file drawer be slammed shut Adolf seem nervous , disconcert . he yank open another file drawer .... flip hurriedly through it , search . again , be frustrated . slam this drawer close ... tries to collect himself , to stem the panic . adolf where be I .... oh ... I remember now ... Adolf wait . off screen , the typist hit the carriage return . adolf one power alone make a great leader : imagination , divine vision . ( aside , to the typist ) I take that word from someone ... I can not remember who . he inflate himself , then exhales , relax , content . adolf ah , it 's good to be write again . Adolf watch the typist to see if he will react . he do not . 18 dissolve to : the record player . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.12 Adolf put a record on the machine . he move the stylus to a specific piece . it scratch as he set it down . the music : a instrumental portion of handel 's messiah . Adolf react ; this be not the part he be look for . he move the stylus , but again , wrong section . he try once more . at last , he find the portion he desire . he move he hand in small rhythmic motion , hum with the music . background cell-screen : a " cathedral of light " , create by german search light in the night sky ( from " olympia " ) . operatic chorus for unto we a child be bear . unto we a son be give , and the government shall be upon he shoulder , and he name shall be call wonderful , councilor , the mighty God , the everlast Father , the Prince of peace . as the music rise , he arm movement get broad and more energetic . he lose himself in " conduct " he orchestra . he begin to ' sing ' the voice of the instrument , become so consume that he take on a almost possess quality . the music crescendos ; Adolf end pose with one hand reach for the heaven , the other clutch desperately over he chest , suggest either divine inspiration or insanity . 19 omitted 20 out of the blackness behind he , a blonde woman appear stepping into the projector 's beam . her diaphanous gown glow in the light . she seem to descend gradually , angelic . as she approach , the light on she face become luminous . she seem innocent , with large blue eye that soothe and tempt . we notice a cross around she neck . this be eva braun , as see and idealize from Hitler 's point of view . her motion , and time , slow down . Adolf sense she , turn , back out of the frame as she come closer . his dark hair edge off frame , which fill with whiteness . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.13 fade to pure white . 21 full frame white a hand enter , caress the smooth , white skin . track with the hand along she body , deliberately frame out she face . macro close on the back - light blonde hair of Eva 's thigh as Adolf 's finger move along the " horizon , " then push against she flesh . extreme close on Adolf 's lip , close to she ear . adolf ( whisper ) you fairness cleanse I .... ( lie next to she ) to make love to you be to make love to all of Germany . she run she hand sensually along the strap of he uniform , he leather belt . fondle he iron cross . eva ( playfully ) my fuhrer . adolf ( smile ) my little bavarian angel . she respond affectionately , and for a few moment , they be lose in each other . she pull he hand to she mouth , kiss it . then move to kiss he face . a mental image flash : the profile of a swarthy man be face , look down , move downward through space , very slowly , very dreamlike . in the cell : Adolf grimace . the light on he face dim . again , the image flash : the swarthy man 's face descend through space , he eye focus downward . in the cell : Adolf have become agitate . he freeze , hearing the jailer 's club raking on stone . he sit up . eva what ? she reach for he . disgust , he push she hand away . she recoil , confuse . low angle , boot in foreground : Adolf pull one boot on . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.14 adolf I represent the rejection of the modern ... eva ( sit up behind he ) what be it , Adolf ? with he back to she , he pull on the other boot . while he 's struggle , he grumble to himself . adolf ( 0.s. , the typist type ) ...a return to the world of Homer .... in which war be not about massive destruction , but remain first and foremost a instrument to enhance a hero 's personal glory . he pause . then stand up . we pull away with he from Eva . he walk off frame , he boot loud on the floor . CUT to : he lay unframe kitschy painting on a table . hold on the last one , a woman nursing a baby . fade to black . 22 pull back from the black field and discover it 's a black section of one of the so call " degenerate " painting : a expressionistic painting of a woman . the middle of the painting start to blacken . eventually , it catch fire . pull back to reveal this painting be on the top of a pile of painting , all aflame . close on adolf : the fire reflect off he face . adolf ( to the typist , 0.s. ) modern art be the enfever fantasy of a incurably sick people . the fact that nine tenth of artistic trash , literary filth and theatrical idiocy can be trace to the account of one people , constitute hardly one percent of all the country 's inhabitant can simply not be talk away . it 's the plain truth . on the cell screen : the most " norman rockwell " of Nazi Art . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.15 in the cell : another " degenerate " painting , and then another be toss onto the flame : but this be recognize as great art ( Van gogh , Matisse - from the " degenerate art " exhibit ) . they empty frame lie in a stack nearby , efficiently save . the typing diminish to a clicking . Adolf turn to see : 23 a woman' legs , see from calf to thigh walk into a black frame , the hem of she black dress flutter . we hear she high heel on the floor . tilt up to she hand carry a ceremonial dagger with a long gild blade and circular swastika attach to the end of the grip ( we do not see she face ) . adolf watch the painting burn . the clicking of the woman 's shoe get louder . he try not to notice . 24 keys type on white paper , the heading : " reason be the devil 's whore . " the typist hit the carriage return several time . read the word . Adolf close a folder , have read a page inside . adolf ( with malice ) the jewish - Christian creed with its effeminate ethic undermine we vitality . morality be decay , a blemish like the Hebrew circumcision . the german people must learn to distrust reason ; the dirty and degrade idea of conscience . cell screen : Soldiers goose-stepp . the pounding of boot on pavement continue throughout the scene . in the cell : the typist dutifully hammer the key in rhythm . adolf what number be the last footnote ? typist twenty -eight . adolf footnote twenty -nine . the fuhrer write this word for the first draft of mein kampf ... the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.16 the morning of May 2 , 1924 in landsberg prison . he walk over , drop the folder on the typist 's desk . to the sound of marching from the screen , Adolf turn to the mirror , push he hair back and adjust he uniform . adolf ( to the typist ) in other country , why do they keep the german title , " mein kampf " , instead of translate it to " my struggle ? " on the cell screen : Hitler review the troops at a parade , then more of the soldier goose-stepp ( abstract ) . 25 the mirror - the reflection on it be frozen , out of focus the image focus : Adolf light by one source , off screen , he face rimmed in light , still " freeze " . he move . he seem to have a lamp in he hand , just off frame . he move he arm slowly in a arc , study the way the lamp affect the move light and shadow on he face . he move the lamp behind he head , " back -lighting " himself , throw he face into darkness . adolf ( to the typist , 0.s. ) the sun be uncontrollable , unforgive . with the sun you can not shape or sculpt reality . when in front of he , the lamp have a flatter effect on he wrinkle . he let it linger here . adolf I hate the sun . he " place " the light , and take a dramatic-speech pose . adolf' Pov : a vague outline of a camera stand behind and to the side of the mirror . on adolf : he check he pose in the mirror again . click : the image freeze into a still photograph . 1 CUT ahead to : Adolf , unsatisfy , place the still photo on a easel , study the pose capture there , and then the mirror , and then repeat the pose , to perfect it . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.17 click : another portrait be take . the image freeze to a still . CUT ahead to : Adolf , still unsatisfy , again place the still photo on a easel , nervously push he hair back from he face , and then obsessively use the mirror to improve . click . click . click . photo after pose after photo after pose . he never quite get it right . but it get better . by the last pose , it 's a strike freeze - frame of passion and righteous rage . fade to red 26 fade in : red liquid puddle in a corner of the cell series of shot : hot coal turn from red to black as they cool . detail of horrific " degenerate " art ( by otto dix ) . chunks of mortar between stone in a speerian cell wall crack and crumble away -- pressure from beyond the wall , barely revealing human bone underneath . the image shake subtly , a deep vibration , as if in a earthquake . 27 a hand -written envelope address to the fuhrer a hand pull a letter from the envelope . it 's wear and tatter , obviously read and re-read many time . adolf let 's enter one more into the record . ( pull it from envelope , read as the typist type , 0.s. ) this be from April , 1935 . a woman from Berlin . " my fervently adore fuhrer . you have a birthday , and we know only two ardent wish : May everything in we fatherland be now and in the future just as you want it to be and may God provide that you be preserve for we forever . you loyal , e.e . " on the cell screen behind he : boy and girl member of the Hitler youth exercise in strict , attractive formation . Adolf smile pridefully , put the letter into a basket full of hundred more letter like it . affix to each be a postage stamp of a Hitler portrait . Adolf sort through they , select another one he like . 28 move through model CITY toward giant dome ( bg : cell screen ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.18 it 's a fantasy land , a future Nazi utopia . the architecture be huge stone slab , thick column . tower over all be the " main building , " a gargantuan exaggeration of scale with a huge dome . look up from inside this misproportion city , we see Adolf lean over the building . his hair fall down over he forehead . Goebbels appear behind he . adolf there be magic in enormity , my Little Doctor . he lift a scale model of the eiffel tower into view , set it down next to he own eagle - top tower . he seem disappointed to discover that the french tower be taller . close on the base of the nazi tower Adolf lift it , slip a block under it . we tilt up to see that it be now just taller than the eiffel Tower . Adolf underplay he pleasure . adolf overwhelm , like a dominant father . goebbel yes , but the art be in disguise the technique . brutality must be wrap in velvet . that 's what distinguish we from , say ... a thug like stalin . Goebbels pull a three - inch roll of red cloth from he pocket . it 's tie up with gold string . Goebbels reach to attach it to a building ... Adolf walk toward the typist , begin dictating quietly . adolf wagner make the exorbitant demand that the stage become a hypnotic instrument under the power of the artist . I impose the same demand on Germany . he walk back to Goebbels , who have decorate germania for a parade , turn the main mall into something almost festive . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.19 History be a error to be rewritten by the visionary playwright . from germania STREET level look up at the front of the massive main building . the entire " mall " be now decorate with Nazi flag on building , flag suspend from light pole , etc . Dr. Goebbels , just above the skyline , unfurl a long roll of red cloth -- the large red Nazi flag . it drop down the length of the tall tower . Adolf inspect it , nod . a toy soldier stand on a STREET of the model CITY Adolf 's hand pick it up . we follow it along the street towards the huge dome . the dome 's top be lift off . we rise up over the lip , hearing crowd ! inside the dome Adolf 's hand place the toy soldier on a giant podium . we discover adolf' face , peer in over the top . angle up at the tiny man on the huge podium , Adolf 's proportionately enormous head look down on we . adolf while wagner bring the german myth to the operatic stage , I bring they to the world . I be the superman , a teutonic knight on the quest for the Holy grail . compare to I , wagner be a minimalist . he say it with no self - irony . Goebbels watch he with a chameleon face that serve whatever Adolf project onto he . wagnerian music build aggressively , as if to dominate Adolf . to put he in he place . Adolf 's mood change . the hollow bravado wane . humility overtake he . the music crescendos . follow by the roar of applause . beam of light form a mini " cathedral of light " behind the dome . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.20 tiny swastikas flutter down onto germania . Adolf hear the applause , re-inflate himself . he gently sprinkle swastikas from he hand , like a gardener , from above the city . long dissolve to : 29 hitler staring off into space ( no cell screen ) adolf wait ... I think you say we count be five million seven hundred thousand . hand roll a map of 1930 's Europe onto a war table . goering they be use the six million figure . general goering be dress in one of he elaborate uniform with numerous medal . dangle from he belt be a large ceremonial battle sword in its ornate scabbard . he stand back , with he fist on its handle . adolf typical . a clever exaggeration . ( think ) let 's use that figure , goer . all the better for we . History like round number . Adolf jot figure on a piece of paper near the map . he look out over Europe . adolf the war total be 55 million .... adolf ( cont would ) out of that the camp and the death squad be responsible for only eleven or twelve million . goering twelve . adolf could we say that over half of that be non - Jews ? goering we could say that over fifty percent be Christians , atheist and pagan . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.21 awkward language . goering what term cover gypsy , Polish intelligentsia , Russian upper strata , prisoner of war , french and yugoslavian partisan , political opponent ... adolf should we use " gentile ? " ( calculate in he mind ) but ... if twelve million be liquidate and six million be Jews ... or be five point seven ...? scheissa ! why can not I get accurate number ?! where 's himmler ?! goering I would stand behind this wording : " almost half the dead be from the Christian world . " Adolf consider , then nod , resign himself to this . adolf yes ... and yet the Jews take they be removal so personally . goering what strike I be that little notice be take of the fact that the first biological cleanse eliminate german national : the disabled , the retarded , the mentally ill ... adolf and the bed wetter .... adolf ( cont would ) ( shake he head ) the useless eater . commence , September one , nineteen -thirty nine . goering actually it be October first . you back - date the decree one month to correspond with the first day of the war . adolf tidier ... War for live space . War for race purification . all begin on the same day . he say this without emotion . all business . cold . dissolve to : the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.22 29a omitted 30 CUT to : side view of a ss uniform move up along the side of the uniform , to discover a long dagger in its sheath , hang from the belt . we travel further up along the side , around to the front , to above the collar where a post stick out to hold up the hat . 31 on the cell screen : image of hitler wearing hat follow by other peaceful image of life at the berghof . in the cell : Eva watch this image while Adolf flip through loose photo lie on open page of a photo album . eva ( v.0 . ) look at you pose for my camera , as if you do not know I be there . Adolf ignore she , stay focus on the image . they be " home photo , " of Hitler with Eva , with he dog , in various home setting . Adolf wear a hat in a few of they . adolf ( 0.s. ) do I look more mysterious in a hat ? Eva turn from the home movie , shake she head . he then put the hatless picture on top of the hat picture , and move on . she notice a photo of Hitler with himmler and goer . compare to they costume , Hitler 's be noticeably plain . eva why do you never wear a official army , sa or ss uniform ? adolf better to remain undefine . ( stop , reflect on this ) suggestive indefiniteness . she find one of Hitler smile . eva there be so few public picture of you smile . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.23 adolf before I become chancellor , there be none . nor any with child or small animal . while Adolf continue look at photo , Eva go back to the home movie . on the cell screen : Adolf with puppy run around at he foot . he remain stand , stiff , unwilling to bend to they . then , image of Eva on a ocean liner . eva the Iceland vacation be a joyous time for my sister and I . you should have come with we . you be always inspire by the Viking sagas . ( she pause to remember ) the only flaw in the trip be a delay before we depart from Hamburg . a family be remove from the ship ... adolf ( cut she off ) I have no time for holiday trip . eva the police come just before we be to leave . I will never forget the cry of the woman . adolf ( roar ) be quiet ! never mention that again . eva I do not understand how a family with child could be a threat to any of we ... Adolf suddenly become extremely angry , knock aside the photo and album he 's sorting . he jump up and walk toward we until he 's extremely close . adolf ( grumble under he breath ) the great the man , the more insignificant should be he woman . in the background , Eva wait for he to calm down . like a retriever dog , she look around for something to offer , pick up the photo album , bring it to he , hold it up . eva ( meek , 0.s. ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.24 look ... it 's a photo of herself when she be young , blonder and fatter ( hoffman 242-eb-32-1b ) . Adolf ignore she at first . finally look at the photo . Eva hurry to ingratiate . eva do you like I better when I be blonde with baby fat or later when I be brunette and thin ? adolf ( still dominant ) I like you when you be blonde and thin . fade out : 32 fade in : the woman in the black dress stand in she own light . she be tall , black haire , domineer , dress in a sleek , formal gown in the style of the thirty . shoulder and cleavage reveal , very white skin . make up and style to look mysterious , allure . her black dress blend with the dark background so that she body -- from bust up -- seem to float in space . 33 at the projector , hitler' alone , without eva he 's still a little lose in the think . after a beat , he smoothes back he hair , try to recompose himself . he become aware of someone in the cell ... turn . adolf Freud ? adolf' Pov : across the room be sigmund freud , who appear as one would expect : archetypal . as if in a classic portrait . Adolf keep he eye on Freud , step towards he , circle he . take a posture of strength . on the cell screen behind he : abstract turbulence . freud keep he eye on Adolf , study he . Adolf clearly do not like be measure . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.25 adolf you could never understand a man of will . freud you prefer the cloak of enigma . adolf the problem with you Jews be you think you know so much . Freud look back at he , indifferent . adolf the inside of a man , this foolishness about the id , and ... superego ... a man be the sum total of he act ! success justify all . freud interesting . so , what can we learn from you action ? adolf a man be he own creation , he own artwork . to use only reason be to close the door to the power of a idea like , " blood and soil . " freud what of you inner world ? adolf I know myself completely . I know my personal myth . that be enough . he walk away from Freud , stop , straighten he jacket . on the cell screen in the background : more abstract turbulence -- make to look like a Rorschach test . adolf with the answer to a thousand question , you and you kind could not begin to understand I . only a poet can touch the edge of the fuhrer mystery . Freud carefully consider Adolf 's word . adolf stare back with ominous intensity . Adolf then take a abrupt , aggressive step towards Freud , rise even further in the frame . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.26 freud - slow to freeze frame , literally , with he hand freeze awkwardly at the tip of he beard . he be dehumanize . the sound also " freeze " , clipped , echoing to nothing . dissolve to : 34 three blonde child , six year old , playing two girl and a boy be sit on he lap . another girl play with the hair of the first . fill the frame , Adolf be surround by fair-haire youth . he 's very playful , comfortable , more loose than he ever be with adult . they lift he spirit . he keep they close as he dictate to the typist . adolf from latvia to lithuania . from estonia to Slovakia . from Russia , from Poland to the Ukraine -- wherever we find they .... 250,000 blonde-haire , blue-ey nugget harvest for the third Reich ... ( as a afterthought ) Nordic nugget , to lighten up the dark bavarian . typist ( stop type ) we take child from they parent ? adolf they be misplace Germans . we bring they home . on the typist : he gaze at Hitler , as if he might question further , but then nod and go back to work . 35 fade in : a paint brush dip in color , move to a face as the brush add finish detail , we pull back to reveal a self - portrait of Adolf , which depict he in a overcoat with collar up , dramatically knight - like and " Aryan . " behind he in the portrait be glorious , unpopulate mountain and plain : live space . wagnerian music accompany he work . along with typing . for reference , Adolf glance at a classical bust of the ideal Aryan - high cheek bone , square jaw , full lip and near perfect nose . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.27 when I be a small boy in linz , I frequently play alone . I would walk to the top of a hill overlook the city . in dark solitude , I imagine that I have absolute command of that height and all the land below . only the tree on the hillside hear my cry : heil hitler ! heil hitler ! that private moment stay with I through the darkest day . Adolf stop painting , satisfied at first . but as he scrutinize the self - portrait , insecurity re-emerges . adolf the tragedy of every charismatic leader be to be imprison by he fate . his triumph be finite , he need infinite . dissolve to : 36 adolf' hand autographs a postcard print of the painting adolf ( to the typist , 0.s. ) the fuhrer cult be the fulfillment of a mysterious long . we realize he 's autograph a large stack of the postcard make from the painting of himself . adolf ( 0.s. ) nazism and Christianity be base on the same idea that one individual could provide salvation . a simple man from a small cottage ... in the cell , another photograph be autograph . ... could work a miracle of enlightenment and faith in a world of skepticism and despair . on the screen : night rally build to mystical ritual , torch and giant red Nazi flag , storm trooper march . tribal , animalistic , chanting . adolf ( in cell to typist ) my need to control fulfil other ' need to be control . that be my euphoric discovery . the union of my urge and the german people 's desire . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.28 if you unite a powerful people whose first duty be obedience , you can do anything . ( stop and think ) God I love order . then daylight , and shot about the individual become part of a larger cause , merge into the crowd . then sieg heil . 37 cell -screen : young women in white dance in a field adolf ( to himself ) every woman a potential source of soothing , warmth , love . every man , a rival . Adolf walk into the shot , he back to we , silhouett . approach the woman . adolf ( pre-lap ) " the most german of being . " dissolve to : 38 adolf' chin leans on the hilt of a medieval sword Adolf lift he head , put the sword down . adolf ( continue , 0.s. at first ) " . , .. I be the german spirit . consider the incomparable magic of my work . " we notice Freud . Hitler 's back be to he . freud do you write that ? Adolf lift a medieval book that lie open near he . adolf " . ,. the incomparable magic of my work . " ( turn to Freud ) it 's wagner . he close the ancient book , stand and recite from memory . adolf ( cont would ) " man be a beast of prey , develop through constant progress . the beast conquer , found great realm by the subjugation of other subjugator , form state and organize civilization , in order to enjoy he booty in the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.29 peace ... attack and defense , suffer and struggle , domination and servitude , all seal with blood .... " freud be that wagner 's word ? adolf we be both illusionist and showmen .... I make my life so different , so vibrant , so extreme ... this be how I have accumulate power . I wrap blood and iron in a cloud of mystic communion with the german ' volk . ' ( he extend the book , shaking it ) whoever want to understand Hitler must first know wagner . he drop the book for emphasis , notice that Freud be scribbling on he analyst 's pad . frustrate , Adolf suddenly jump up grab the pad from Freud 's hand . he cross to the wood stove , open the door , toss it into hot ember . the pad flame up . on freud as Adolf approach , defiant , hand he a new pad . adolf here . write this : Fire fascinate Hitler . it consume without accept or rejecting . he stare at Freud , dare he to analyze it and write . 39 over black : faint , distant scream . series of shot dissolve through : Black and white image of abstract body form that begin to evoke death . Hitler 's image in a warpe mirror : grotesque . ominous image of huge gear grind together , drag still from " triumph of the will " into the machinery . fade to black 40 a mirror - adolf examining he teeth he pull he lip down , examine he front tooth . he rub they with he finger as if try to scrub something off . 42 on the cell screen - hitler riding in a car the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.30 cell screen : Hitler riding in parade , past Hitler youth , hysterical woman . ( we hear Adolf and Goebbels off screen ) . adolf ( v.0 . ) Goebbels , do you write this speech ? goebbel ( v.o . ) mmmm ... adolf ( v.0 . ) " to be allow to be Adolf Hitler 's mason , carpenter and lowliest day laborer be a gift of heaven . " goebbel ( v.o . ) I always avoid exaggeration . adolf ( v.0 . ) ah , listen ... from one of you speech : " in the personality of Hitler , a million - fold long of the german people have become reality ... " what a thrill to play fuhrer . for twelve year , the supreme father figure . goebbel ( v.o . ) a role to surpass even lohengrin . by the end of the montage , Hitler 's image be enlarge to the point of extreme graininess , and slowed to almost a freeze . dissolve to : 41 two blonde child be transfixed by something off screen adolf ( 0.s. ) read the last sentence back to I . typist ( 0.s. ) " we make the sound so overwhelming , the attitude so certain , the level of force so high , the spectacle so grand , that no one could see anything at the center but the symbolism . " reveal : a third child , he head , nose , etc. , be measure by adult hand , use scientific caliper . adolf ( 0.s. ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.31 yes , good . the symbolism at the center ... tilt to discover : Adolf be the adult do the measure . adolf like the sun . no one could look at I without the pain and punishment of blindness . number two : the receptivity of the mass be unlimited , yet they understanding be feeble . they quickly forget . Three : the mass tell each other small lie . it would never come into they head to construct colossal tale . thus the bold myth work best . four : effective propaganda must be confine to stereotype . always focus people 's attention on a single foe . to have multiple enemy confuse people . my genius be the combine of two enemy -- Jews and marxism -- into one : jewish marxism . a synthesis that be key to my success . weave this in : crude simplification , endlessly repeat will influence the supple -- Goebbels ' realm . for the non-supple , the stubborn , terror be necessary -- himmler 's responsibility . the typist glance up at mention of the ss leader . 43 a girl - child hand reach for adolf be the bavarian girl be six year old , blonde , dress in folk - bavarian clothing . on the other side of Adolf be a nine - year - old bavarian boy . he lead they by the hand away from we . the view be diffuse , dreamy . the sound of a off-screen parade drow out the child 's voice . Adolf lift the little girl to see germania , the model city . adolf this be to be build for you . she react . the nine - year old play with toy soldier from the checkpoint gate . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.32 the child run off . we follow they until they exit frame . we push slowly toward the wall to discover reddish water seeping in at the floor - wall seam , then up along the wall 's surface past a vague outline of human rib just below the plaster of the wall , past a wall - painting of a half - man , half beast ( inspire by von stuck ) , then further along the wall ... arrive at : 44 the cell screen blonde child , at play and at work , loyal to the party . adolf ( watch ) we breed blond . adolf .... lean near the open in the wall , watch . the sight of the child seem painful to he . we watch through Adolf 's eye : more image of the innocent young Germans , the future . sadness well up in he . the newsreel footage end . the light reflect back on Adolf flicker dimly , then go out , leave he only in the bluish light from the open in the wall . he move closer to it , seem to address someone on the other side of the wall , conspiratorially . adolf what will they think of we ?.... History ... that who study we life ? will we be judge by what we say , by we deed , by the monument and image we leave behind ...? ( pause to think ) ...0r something else ? something we can not control ? this be a unsettle think : not to be in control . the jailer appear , he stick rattling along the surface of the cell , past the open in the wall , whose light have suddenly extinguish . Adolf be now across the room . close on the jailer : his face , oblong , fill the frame . match dissolve to : the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.33 45 negative image of a large reel of film turn on the projector 's front spindle . dissolve to the positive - image version of the shot . on the cell-screen crowd at a rally , people wave , reach , cry ... then Hitler ( Feb 10 , 1933 ) look awkward before a speech . adolf ( 0.s. ) it would never occur to people that I be shy . he continue to wait awkwardly before speak . but then more ador crowd , which fuel he as a speaker . back and forth between crowd encourage he , to bigger and bigger moment as a speaker -- the crowd push the man instead of the other way around . later in the same ( or another ) speech , he arm be out , he finger be shaking . the camera suddenly jump from he face down he arm to he two shaking finger . huge roar of crowd . Adolf beam , prideful . then deflate for a moment . reflect . it 's never enough . it do not satisfy he boundless hunger . flash CUT to : Adolf 's hand , he sleeve roll up , he fist clenching and unclench . the nurse 's hand bring the hypodermic needle close to a vein ( to inject a drug ) . wagnerian choruse -- sing he praise -- accompany the image on the cell - screen . on adolf Light from the screen , from the admiration of the crowd , bathes he face . Adolf walk into the beam , lift he arm , close he eye , turn he body slowly in the warmth . Adolf sit into he chair , still vaguely unsatisfy . a woman 's hand slide into frame , caress he cheek , shoulder , neck ... eva . his hand touch she , warmly , acknowledge . ( read : " keep touch I . be here for I . " ) from the crowd on the screen . great cheer . eva ( 0.s. ) they adore you . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.34 they be stupefy by the fuhrer cult . on the cell -screen : the crowd be now hysterical in they effort to pay homage to Hitler . Men cheer , salute . woman cry , throw flower , reach out to he . adolf so hungry for I ... as if I could fill they emptiness ... but he own emptiness be vast . still try to sate himself , he repeat the footage without the sound , and in slow motion . eva by feed they hope , you stimulate they craving . adolf ( try to go with it ) yes ... the desire to be the desire object . eva for woman , you be the ideal lover . the perfect father . adolf fleeting . the thrill quickly lose its impact . ( turn to Eva ) you be the one thing ... that bring I peace . in the cell , Adolf gesture for she to kneel beside he . he gesture for she to let she hair down . she pick up a mirror . on the cell - screen : Eva at she most playful . in the cell , Adolf glance at she . we see that the mirror she 's use have two side ( one be a magnify mirror ) . he 's distract by he own reflection , slightly magnify , cover most of she face . push in to the mirror , with part of Eva visible behind it . laughter come up on the sound track . dissolve to : reflection of Eva and Adolf in warpe carnival mirror . huge elongate head , tiny dwarf - like body . then long , long skinny body . then tiny head . back and forth . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.35 the laughter build to a point . they get catch up . but then the voice and laughter begin to distort , the mood change . the face become less funny , more grotesque , revolting . dissolve back to : Adolf 's reflection in Eva 's mirror . upset by the fantasy , Adolf push the mirror away . adolf I tell you to destroy that footage ... eva what footage ? she look up at the screen . eva what 's wrong ? exasperate , Adolf stride to the projector , rewind it , then run it backwards in slow motion . Eva react . eva I take care of most of it . adolf look ! ( point at the screen ) you do not understand ! at the projector , he wind off the offend footage , find where it begin and end by hold it up to the light , then tear it out . he roll up this piece of embarrassing footage , put it in the front pocket of he pants . he splice the film on the reel , sit back down , and re-watch the section , now edit . the sequence be follow by shot of Hitler in the home movie look exalt . in the cell : Close on Eva , head down , eye look up to the screen . Adolf 's hand enter the frame , pet Eva 's hair . he 's forgiven she . dissolve to : 46 eva and adolf in bed Adolf be still wear he uniform . Eva lie on she back , listen to he . he absentmindedly pet she hair . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.36 adolf what I hate most about the war be fight the English . the fair brit , we racial brother , we natural ally . saxon . anglos . the very word mean angel , do not it ? on the cell screen , in the background : stonehenge . from both the air , and from low on the ground . eva it 's a tranquil image . all the germanic people come together . in the cell : Eva touch he face , stroking he arm . Adolf do not pay attention . adolf the traitor churchill never tell he countryman that I offer a alliance , a union of racial brother , and protection of the british Empire . she unbutton he uniform shirt , put she hand inside he shirt . she slowly gain he attention . Adolf pull the blouse off she shoulder , stroke she white skin , explore the surface and crease of she skin . his hand push she blouse further down , revealing she lace - cover breast . he be arouse , but seem awkward , incapable of close the distance ... to connect deeply , meaningfully . the composition of she body become formal , isolate , fragment . the music change from melodic to odd . her blonde hair he pull she hair towards he cheek , rub he own skin with it . he lay it over he other hand , study it against he skin ... he become narcissistically and obsessively absorb in the relationship of blondeness to he hand . eva wolfie ... push in close on adolf' face . he register no awareness of she call . his expression be vacuous , detach . he turn away from Eva , away from we . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.37 eva ( soft , far away ) wolfie ? on adolf' face . as she hand slip off and away , we drift around to profile . he gaze off at : 47 a young blonde woman in a white limbo space , her back to US she 's wear a white summer dress and a summer bonnet . her long hair be in braid that fall down she back . adolf on the edge of the bed move upward through the frame . we dolly with he as he walk toward the young woman , anticipation on he face . we move with he as he circle she , revealing that beyond she there be one ... two ... ten more blonde young women , similarly dress , wait . each woman stand in a different subtle pose , innocent , yet allure and sensual . robust . cell -screen : barely noticeable in the background , be abstraction of man goose -stepping , stand at attention ( all the image be extremely masculine ) . in the cell : very close on Adolf as he weave through the woman . he brushes against they purposely , also unavoidably . we lose track of which woman he be touch ; they be interchangeable . the mood of the scene change adolf' face become alive with arousal , but also distraction , as he seem to be look ahead , past each woman he encounter . hungry . insatiable . he would like to have they all , but can not connect with even one of they . the young woman suddenly seem older , more mature , " less innocent " . they face be make up . the neckline of they dress , which now be satiny like evening gowns , have plunge to reveal more skin . braid hair be replace with evening coiffure . Long white glove , white high -heeled shoe , and white hat with thin white veil attach . they face be also more pale , more tired , empty , less full of life . we reveal that Adolf be now shirtless . his age skin be pale and loose , splotched with gray hair . adolf ( command ) closer . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.38 they respond , close in around he . high angle ( overhead ) : he close he eye , and force himself through they like a cell among other cell on a two -dimensional slide . close angle of he body part rub against they body part . we dissolve through close shot emphasize contact ... hip brush hip ... arm against breast ... he touch the skin behind they knee ... the curve between the hip and the waist ... the shoulder / collarbone ... the space between the breast ... the curve between the back and the buttock . his boot step on they shiny pump , he leg be in a forest of long white feminine leg . partly titillate , partly overwhelming . his hand move through they lush blonde hair . they hand drift toward the center ... touch Adolf 's face and body . tight on adolf : he 's surround by blondeness , womanness . the woman seem to become lifeless , empty , sterile . one be wear a white half - mask . Adolf turn , and see : 48 a pale blonde woman float under water in a aquarium , a white diaphanous gown swirl around she . her blonde hair float in the water . she look towards Adolf , beckone . adolf be all alone in the space , now . he take a step towards the woman in the aquarium . the frame white out . 49 fade in : a hand held mirror reflect short blond hair . we follow with the mirror as it move around the head . we see hair , forehead , blond eyebrow . a hand press the fake blond eyebrow into better position . the mirror extend out to reveal Adolf . his mustache be also blond . his face have become more pale . he adjust the blond wig , cut as he own hair . he push he hand through it in he characteristic way , press it into place . the effect be odd , surreal . he turn to appreciate the full effect in the large mirror a few foot away . then try some of the gesture we see he rehearse earlier . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.39 adolf ... think of volk and Reich , we great nation ... he study himself . ponder the implication . 50 white dissolves to grain of sand series of shot : in negative , a woman 's hair be pull up through the sand . a , odd - looking man look up and smile . chunks of plaster fall through the light from the open in the wall . Red liquid puddle on a floor , among bit of break glass . 51 adolf lift up a stone from a ledge , near the open ( note : he 's no longer blond . ) in the hole beneath the stone be a old metal box ( like a wwi ammo box ) label with runic letter . he pull it up and carry it to the step near the open , sit and open the box . Adolf glance sideways , nervously reach into he pocket and pull out the roll - up film segment of he " jig " and drop it in the box . he again glance around to be sure he 's alone , then sift through object in the box . he re-discover old family photo , negative , occultish object , and a few more roll up piece of film . he find a piece of paper , begin to unfold it . on the paper : it 's a receipt from " the feingold Gallery " - with Hitler 's name on it . he speak as if to the open ( not to the typist ) . adolf ( much of it off screen ) when I be homeless during a cold Vienna winter , a jewish art merchant give I a overcoat . I even have a jewish friend at the man 's shelter with whom I spend many pleasant afternoon .... maybe there would have be a advantage in not exterminate the Jews .... ( pause ) for a long time we consider a territorial solution . we would put they in reservation or ship they to madagascar . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.40 in fact , we encourage mass emigration . eichman 's assignment in the 30' be to find place to move they to , but few country would take more than a handful . someone even propose a mass sterilization plan . he hesitates , then begin to re-fold the piece of paper . adolf ( shake he head ) .... a ugly necessity . 52 a page turn quickly it 's a photo album . a school class photo , out of focus . a magnify glass enter , enlarge the image , focuss onto : Hitler at age ten , he arm cross , posture . reverse angle : adolf' searching eye magnify by the thick glass . the eye probe . adolf ( anxious ) let 's finish this section ... typist ( read ) " enigma , carefully manipulate , enhance one 's power and fame . " adolf make that power , fame and immortality . for example , never will they discover write authorization from I concern the special treatment of the Jews . this simple miss link will intrigue scholar for generation . Hitler scholar ..... push in to the photo . to Hitler as a child . adolf obfuscation keep people guess . the little feint , the ambiguity , contradiction ... the surprise ..... paragraph . on the cell screen behind Hitler , enigmatic shot of Hitler , especially from still , and random , unrelated image . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.41 adolf my first four year as head of the Nazi party , I forbade photo to be take of I . there be thing about myself that be best keep out of the public eye . to my surprise , the effort to keep this thing hide create a cloak of enigma . people want to know . they talk . they be keep on edge . another page flip : again , the glass draw we to Hitler , age ten , this time set off from the other child . a hurt look on he face . push in closer and closer , all the way to the grain . through the magnify glass , the big eye gay ... blink closer on the child 's face . clearly troubled . adolf we better ex out the last section . typist you mean start with the line " obfuscation " . Hitler get up , walk over to the table near he bed . we see the photo of he next to the photo of he mom . adolf no , no ... start with : " there be thing about I that I be not comfortable with ... " typist with respect , mein fuhrer ... what would you need to hide ? the typist 's tone be a bit more probing than we have hear from the typist , but Adolf 's mind be on the photo . adolf no sense stimulate interest in the vicious lie about my family . when we cut to he Pov , the photo be now of he as a child . hold on that , until he finger begin to slide the photo out of the frame . behind it be reveal another photo ( he father ) . before it can be totally reveal , we the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.42 quick dissolve to : 53 adolf' face - enraged adolf ( scream ) get out ! get out ! the angle jump down he arm , to he hand , he two finger shaking ( as before ) , point off screen . he Pov : the jailer be just visible in the shadow . adolf you'll get nothing from I ! no mercy . you tell they hitler have ice in he vein ! ice !! Adolf turn and kick the wood stove 's door close . SPARKS fly up . Adolf calmly turn to someone off screen . he whisper . adolf I be the great actor in Europe . reveal : he 's speak to goer , who 's wear another outlandish uniform . goer nod ; he 's hear it before . adolf I be the great actor in Europe . when he 's satisfied with the effect , he let himself go " out of character . " he stride over to the typist , who 's poise to resume type . 54 move across aryan looking ss soldier , get to himmler Goebbels step up to the screen . when himmler move across the screen , Goebbels limp in the cell with he , towards we . we dolly back , keep they both in a two shot . they stop , Goebbels turn , look off screen . goebbel look at himmler . adolf ( 0.s. ) you be no Clark gable , yourself , Goebbels . on the screen : himmler salute to someone . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.43 in the cell : Adolf absentmindedly salute back . on the screen : the image slow artificially . adolf himmler look like a weasel . goebbel make we enemy look bad be often easier than make we ... adolf ( cut he off ) the perfect Aryan superman . a weak stomach in the presence of violence . ( pause ) heinrich himmler ... he shake he head . then walk over to the projector , freeze the film on a close - up of himmler . adolf do not anyone notice ? goebbel he be ruthless , but not careless . and Hitler -loyal . who better to run the ss ? Adolf shake he head in astonishment . adolf Art must be plausible . ( beat ) if you write a script about Aryan superiority and cast himmler , people would laugh , walk out of the theatre . but in real life , himmler run a Aryan superiority organization and it play . goebbel on the political stage , you can do anything . adolf let 's put up another reel . Adolf reach for more film . goebbel image to blur fact . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.44 he snap the film gate shut . on the cell - screen : Film leader , some sort of countdown sequence ... three , two , one ... 55 on the cell screen : hitler slap he knee triumphantly just after invade France . in the cell Adolf flip through a stack of magazine . stop at one . adolf they make I man of the year . goering what ? Adolf hold up the magazine ( we only get a glance ) . adolf time Magazine . they make I man of the year ... I be on the cover of six issue . ( lay the stack on the table -- we see he on the cover ) I conquer Poland , Norway , Denmark , France . Americans love a winner . of course it mean 's nothing . they make Roosevelt man of the Year three time . goering and he be a cripple . they both laugh out loud . 56 two young blonde child play with block they be completely absorb in they play , completely innocent . after a few moment , they run to ... adolf , who let they swarm over he . adolf ( v.0 . ) I dress a nation in costume and we play cowboy and Indians . anyone who take all this too seriously have no sense of the absurd . 57 hand tug on a boot enthusiastically the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.45 we see that the other boot be already on ( we stay on the boot throughout the scene ) . the boot , which come up to just below the knee , " stand " and begin to walk . adolf ( 0.s. ) next section : off screen , we hear the typist type ... adolf ( 0.s . ) number one : only a charismatic leader could heal the wound of the great war inflicted on we by the November criminal . number two : Hitler 's charisma be as much create by the german mass as it be impose upon they . number three : in peacetime , stability and routine undermine charisma . in war time , the great threat be defeat . we come up to a riding crop in he hand , which he flick . he exit frame . we hold for a beat on liquid that have seepe into the cell through crack where the wall join the floor . CUT back to : the boot , pacing adolf ( 0.s . ) number four : it be the failure of the will of the german people that fatally undermine my charisma . number five ... the boot hold still for a minute . he can not finish . he turn and walk straight away from camera , off into blackness . 58 on adolf , he back to US he hear a woman laugh , turn toward we . he Pov : the mirror . his reflection only partly capture in it . the woman in black appear from behind the mirror , step in front of it , replace Adolf 's reflection . his jaw tense , eye narrow . she smile , lift the ceremonial dagger into frame , the grip end toward Adolf , the blade in she palm . another offer . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.46 this time , after a few moment of hesitation , Adolf slowly reach for it . as he do , he realize he 's reach for a reflection of the dagger . she move the real one out of reach , and laugh . flash of light unnaturally white out she face . 59 on the cell screen : three flash -explosion on the screen anti-aircraft explosion against the night . hold in black , then slowly fade up to : 60 adolf on the far edge of frame , gazing into a mirror we hear on the sound track the musical theme associate with the twelve blonde woman . Adolf react . a blonde woman appear on the other side of we frame , walk towards Adolf in the reflection . ( as Eva do when she appear earlier ) . as the woman approach , she become brighter and brighter . she begin to unclasp and unzip the front of she dress ; she spread the top of the dress apart , revealing skin . she pass Adolf , and stop between he and the mirror . they be both face the glass . he Pov : she continue to reveal skin , enticingly , but something be very odd about she . close on adolf' hand : as Adolf reach around to touch the reveal skin , she hand embrace he . he notice with alarm that the skin be hairy , masculine . ( she be a female impersonator ) flash of light ( from the screen , off camera ) white she out , garishly . close : the blonde . Adolf 's suspicion be confirm . Adolf struggle to zip the dress up ; the blonde resist . but he succeed in keep she cover . female . 60a = skin and water Adolf scour he hand under the faucet at the sink . Adolf hear dog barking , glance sideways . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.47 the jailer watch suspiciously from the shadow . 61 slow motion : two glove slam onto a table ( bg : cell screen ) Dust fly , sound echoe . Adolf 's hand enter we frame , pick up one of the glove . sound : ( in echo ) german shepherd barking as they attack . people yelling and scream as they be round up . Adolf begin to put on the glove . adolf you take a ordinary man ... the typist type . very slowly , with great care , Adolf stretch the glove over he hand . he reach for the other . adolf ... dress he in a uniform ... he squeeze both hand against each other . the camera follow as he reach for the riding crop on its hook . adolf ( cont would ) ( off cell - screen ) ... and that man will commit act he would have never before imagine . he slide the riding crop in he hand from the base to the tip . slap it into he palm . he put on a formal military hat with a short brim that shadow he eye . wider : Adolf assume a pose of command , then glance over he shoulder at the unseen typist . adolf you can turn a runny - nose , bed - wetter into a ruthless warrior . push in to he face : he look forward again , confident , a man of steel , the ruthless warrior . but it 's a pose that can not be sustained . firelight flicker on the side of he face . 62 adolf stand near the mirror , beguile , transfixed he breathes deeply to calm himself . he hitches up he belt , reassert he masculinity . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.48 the woman in Black approach from across the room . unnerve , Adolf snap to a position of authority , clicking he heel together , jerk he arm up and out . the camera start high , look down on he , then slowly boom down and circle part way around , until he stand above we , statue - like , fill the frame , he arm diagonal across the image . the woman continue she approach . he slap he thigh with he free hand , demand she obedience . she remain unimpress , and walk under he outstretch hand . now , he rigid arm disappear into darkness , three or four inch from he shoulder ( appear cut off , emasculate ) . Adolf can not hold he arm up much longer . he sweat , strain with effort . finally , he lower he hand , clasp it with the other in front of he crotch . dissolve to : 63 on the cell screen we see Hitler in front of a huge crowd at a indoor arena . he wait unusually long for the crowd to calm down . adolf ( v.0 . ) enough talk , Freud .... watch how I use my nervous energy to subdue and control the crowd ... cell screen : Hitler nervously position a table near the microphone . adolf ( v.0 . ) every thing I do here be entirely calculate ... freud ( v.0 . ) mmmmmm ... . cell screen : he take a unusual amount of time stand in front of the crowd without speak . adolf ( v.0 . ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.49 the crowd be a hesitant female . cell screen : he keep the crowd wait to build tension , gather power over they . adolf ( v.o. ) they body and soul await penetration . something block the image . 64 CUT to : bright light , blocked by a hand and cloth it 's Adolf clean the front of the lens with a piece of lacy cloth . the color from the image illuminate the cloth . adolf ( 0.s. ) be not desire the great motor of life ? we dolly back with Adolf , discover Freud sit in the foreground , watch the screen . cell screen : Eva in home movie : in the water , at waterfall , do exercise , gymnastics . Adolf pace back and forth across the image . freud where do morality fit ? adolf decay , diminishment , slander . the beginning of the end . freud annihilation of self . so , for you , what redeem life ? adolf the purely artistic . read nietzsche . freud but what of the spiritual dimension ? adolf to be a creative artist , one inevitably walk the spiritual path . in fact , they be the same path . freud ah ... good , good . but there be more to understand , Adolf . so many die ... the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.50 adolf stop ! conscience be the jewish invention . for National Socialists , action follow think as quickly as thunder follow lightning . series of shot : hot coal , fire move along a surface . 65 a l-shaped sliver of light under a door ( nightmare space ) sound : a heavy man march up stair , out of view . in the cell , the sound frighten Adolf . nightmare : the heavy footstep stop right outside the door . the door slowly open . in the cell : Adolf watch , tense with fear . nightmare : silhouett in the doorway be a huge , puffy - face , barrel - chest man , wear a civil servant 's uniform from the 1880' . smoke rise from a pipe in he hand . the man step toward we , and tower over Adolf , threaten . looking down at adolf Adolf cower , anticipate a blow . Close on the riding crop as it rise through the air . ( in the foreground : the swastika on Adolf 's arm , so we know it 's Adolf ) . he raise this short whip . it glide in slow motion through the air , slap hard against the outside of Adolf 's thigh . in negative , a burn apartment building crumble . Heard in the distance : thunderous concussion . on adolf : the fear have be deny , but it slowly overtake he again . the camera drift up , look down on he . he 's small , cower . he eye widen . a concussion , low , deep thud -- a enormous bomb exploding far away . 66 a flash of white , followed by blackness over black , the sound of more bomb explode . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.51 series of other image : the twisted , red face of a man froma painting by otto dix . a holder with eight test tube full of blood , light sparkling through they . next to they , in they slot , eight more empty test tube . 67 omitted 68 three blonde child interact with Adolf . he seem playful , spontaneous , kind . Adolf watch they , inspire by they , move . he 's dress in he white Nazi uniform . adolf ( v.o. ) in World War one , I be a messenger . I never kill anyone . there 's a flash . the image " freeze " into a photograph : Hitler pose with child . fade to black . fade up on Hitler move with the child again . the cycle repeat with each claim . adolf ( v.o. ) I be a vegetarian . I never eat dead animal . flash - freeze frame . fade to black , then back to Adolf . adolf ( v.0 . ) I loathe big game hunter . a gruesome blood bath . flash - freeze frame . fade to black , then back to Adolf . adolf ( v.o. ) I would not allow smoking in my presence . we outlaw tobacco advertising . flash - freeze frame . fade to black , then back to Adolf . adolf ( v.0 . ) the health of the body be of supreme spiritual value . flash - freeze frame . fade to black , then back to Adolf . adolf ( v.o. ) I insisted on the humane treatment of pet and farm animal . flash - freeze frame . fade to black , then back to Adolf . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.52 adolf ( v.o. ) I even issue a decree regulate the cooking of lobster to minimize they suffer . fade to black , then back to Adolf . Adolf have again pump himself up with he affirmation . adolf ( v.o. ) I reduce chemical in fruit and vegetable . the ss plant organic garden . adolf ( this one on screen ) I be not a brutal man by nature . flash - freeze frame 69 freud , dead - still , facing straight ahead Adolf appear behind Freud , hand he the photo from the kinder photo session ( above ) . he whisper , sinister . adolf think of we National Socialists as gardener . we cultivate the flower and pluck out the weed . 70 the seven hitler youth sit focused on adolf as he speak we see the boy first , in profile . we dolly to the girl , boom down to the level of they hand . on the screen : Dynamic image from triumph of the will . Adolf walk in front of the screen . adolf we prefer the speak to the write word . more so , symbol to any kind of word . and above all , pageantry , spectacle and music . we wrap all this in solemn ritual to create vibrant and dynamic image . the screen image transition to image that emphasize the black - uniform and black - helmete ss . adolf I mobilize a entire nation to create my art . and while I love opera , and architecture , my true passion be film . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.53 rethink the Hitler era in artistic term . people think I choreograph the 1934 Nuremberg rally to make the documentary " triumph of the will " . the critic lack the imagination to see that I orchestrate world War two for the same reason . the invasion of country . mobilization of million of extras to create the most magnificent and historic film footage . footage deliver nightly from the front by courier for my personal review . we move along behind the child , watch Hitler address they . adolf so my son and daughter , take guidance from the art . to write a best seller , or stira nation : simplify . you hero must have no fear and you villain no need for affection . the fair maiden must be blonde , and the villain must wear dark clothing and a mustache . lose in the think , Adolf walk in front of the girl . he stop before one of the girl , pick up she hand , inspect it for cleanliness , then put it back down in she lap . adolf life be ambiguous . none of we can stand ambiguity . I , most of all . if you tell the truth , both the teller and the listener would go insane . 71 on the cell screen - hitler at the eiffel tower we hear the typist hurry to keep up with something Adolf have just say . he be poise mid-thought . adolf stop ... ( the typist stop ) I must rethink this ... if I would stop with the conquest of France , I would have go the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.54 down in history as the great conqueror since Alexander the great ... no , no , no ... " the great military genius in history " . wait , what do you think ... well , no ... ah ! here it be : " greatest empire since caesar . " that ... that 's it ... : let 's make it " if I have I stop with the conquest of France , I would have build the great sustained empire since caesar augustus . " he turn to the cell screen behind he , watch the triumphant ride through Berlin after take France . adolf what drive the great leader beyond he destiny ? weaken by the sense of loss , he have to lean on a table . 72 fade up on : building , nazi architecture - twilight it 's germania . much of it in shadow and reddish low sunlight . we move across the town , as if in a aerial shot . the parade sound continue . long dissolve to : 72a night shot of burning build then to : aerial shot of bombed - out german CITY mile and mile of gut structure . destruction . no life . close on the typewriter keys adolf ( 0.s. ) the war would have never start ... close on Hitler 's lip . adolf ... if it be not for the Jews . ( pause ) and they puppet , churchill . CUT out to a wider shot : Adolf take a pose , bent over , use a ceremonial sword as a walk stick , and speak like churchill . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.55 adolf " we will fight they on the landing strip , we will fight they on the beach , we will fight they wherever the enemy do engage we ... " 73 omitted ( incorporated into continuous 72 ) 74 archetypal stalin image on the screen stalin prepare for a radio speech in he office . adolf ( 0.s. ) you little babushka ... you be go to invade I , but I invade you first . angle : Adolf and Goebbels watch . adolf a engineer of soul . goebbel what ? adolf he call himself a engineer of soul . goebbel ridiculous concept . adolf I wish I have say it . Goebbels yawn slightly , suppress it . Hitler can not help yawn himself , only he yawn much wider . adolf we must suppress yawn ... and we must eradicate the yawner . Goebbels and Hitler share a mean smile . they continue study stalin on the cell screen . after a few beat ... adolf there , do you see that ? Adolf wind back , slow down the footage to show stalin wave at child march by in Moscow . adolf he look directly into the camera lens . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.56 goebbel mmmm ... a small error in the presentation . adolf no , no . triviality often go unnotice .... I find they to be the best clue to a man 's character . 75 omitted 76 a studio portrait of hitler in he brown shirt uniform Hitler be pose look directly into the lens . he be dull - look , lifeless . ( start without mustache ; then it fade in ) adolf ( 0.s. ) in every society there be pent up hatred . for example , in the United States , it 's against the black . in Russia , the successful . a politician must mobilize this hatred . Adolf tie the ribbon around the stack of sleeve photo . adolf reason must be train to think in historical dimension . 77 move through blackness we do not know we be move until we find : adolf , lie horizontal , seemingly float in space . think . we push up to he slowly . when we be close ... adolf ( to himself ) the lie that Jesus be a Jew .... it 's impossible . as we float past he in the shadow , we see that he 's pinching at he skin below he ear , as if to crush something under the skin . dissolve to : 78 the cell wall moisture seep in through crack where the wall meet the floor . the liquid have a slight reddish tint to it . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.57 dolly along the floor to discover a wooden mask , lie on the floor . the mask be of Adolf 's face , in a " silent scream " . dissolve to : 79 a light beam emanate from the open in the wall Adolf hold a photo negative of one of he portrait in the beam . the negative cast odd pattern onto he face . Adolf lean close to the open . adolf be I mad ? ( wait for a answer ) be I mad ? Adolf turn , look almost into the lens . very long dissolve to : 80 omitted 81 low angle of grandiose building in the model of a CITY we view scan the skyline , look for the best composition . this city be magnificent , splendid . the building be Albert speer 's style : classic form go extreme , tall column , huge dome . enormous concrete icon : the swastika , the eagle . we reveal that Adolf be look through a small downward periscope that allow he to see the skyline from the ground level of he ideal city , germania . finally , he view lock on a classic composition . Adolf be pleased . but goer 's head dip into the frame , ruin the composition . Adolf angrily gesture for goer to move . Adolf jam he eye back against the eyepiece of the periscope . adolf if I have not be call into politics , I would have be the great german architect . when he do not hear goer respond , he look up , glaring . goering yes , fuhrer . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.58 goer stare straight ahead . Adolf rise up , walk around he . goer 's eye dart nervously . adolf my tombstone should bear the inscription : " he be the victim of he general . " the invincible luftwafe command by the great General goer .... humiliate by the british air force ! a swarm of mosquito . goering what about dunkirk ? they army be cornere , but you let they escape . adolf ( scowls ) you may look Nordic , but you lack Nordic spirit . goer almost reply , but Adolf silence he with a stare . dissolve to : 82 omitted 83 end on : adolf ashen gray , stand with he arm out . he hold this salute for a unnaturally long time . adolf two solid hour ... like granite . goer despise I for it . that I have this power , also astonish I . we drift around he to see that he be stand at the mirror , watch himself strain . a smirk of pridefulness . adolf only twice in my life have I be afflict by weakness : at the death of my mother , and at the betrayal of my motherland . freud ( 0.s. ) when I be grow up Germany be always refer to as the fatherland . adolf mmmmm . . . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.59 Adolf 's arm begin to quiver with fatigue . sweat bead on he forehead . the soft light be overpower by a harsh light , cause the wrinkle on Adolf 's tired face to be more pronounce . freud walk around Adolf , close to he . he stop at the end of Adolf 's quivering arm . freud be you will alone enough , Adolf ? Adolf concentrate on keep he arm up . Freud be cool . freud be you desire for power roote in a feel of powerlessness ? Adolf continue to strain . ( all but a few inch of he arm be cut off by shadow , again " emasculate . " ) freud perhaps one hear only the question for which one have answer . adolf for we pagan german nationalist , knowledge come to the volk from a higher power . knowledge through blood . at the limit of endurance , Adolf notice he Nazi arm band hang near the mirror . he glance at Freud to see if he be watch , then calmly lower he arm , move to the arm band and put it on . Adolf give Freud a indifferent half - salute , palm up . on the cell screen : a photograph of Adolf as a child on he mother 's knee . adolf ( defensively ) when you assume absolute rule , a beast climb onto the throne with you . cell screen : dissolve to the father 's image . 84 a metal and glass syringe . the plunger come out , blood flow the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.60 a nurse 's finger enter frame . the needle be pull out , replace with cotton . Adolf 's finger press on the cotton . he bend he arm up . low angle on adolf : with arm in foreground . adolf Hitler and german History ... adolf' Pov : the nurse squirt the blood into a test tube . we see she mostly from the back . ( she 's beautiful , teutonic , one of the eleven blond , barely recognizable , with she hair ina french twist ) . adolf every philosopher , politician , poet , composer , general . each will be view in light of my legacy . they be precursor ; thread woven into the tapestry of the Hitler era . people will be draw to my doing , as toa fiery , multi-car wreck on the autobahn . I steal german History . the nurse hand he the test tube of blood . he dip he little finger into the blood , then touch it to he tongue . he cork the test tube , hold the blood up to the light from the open in the wall . the light refract onto he face . adolf here 's a additional idea : I have steal Germany 's future . for generation , all of german history will be view through the lens ground by the accomplishment of the era of Adolf Hitler . the nurse put a cotton ball on the hole in he arm , fold he arm up for he . he write on the test tube 's label himself , hand it back to she . adolf lose the war would not steal my singular place in history . she put the test tube into a wooden holder where eight other test - tube already be store . there be now seven empty tube in they slot . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.61 Adolf be slump in the chair , close to fall asleep . 85 glowing ember begin to turn black series of other image : abstraction of a test - tube of blood just as it shatter on the floor ( in black and white ) . a photo of a Hitler cave painting , project onto smoke . a detail image from otto dix 's painting : " sex crime . " 86 a sheet of ice - vague image move beyond it a swastika be emboss on the ice 's surface . suddenly , " thor 's Hammer " strike the glass , fracture but not shatter it . the fracture fan out like vein . the image be now even more distort , fragment . fade to black . over black .... adolf the Jew be always within we ; we can never get rid of he 87 a giant swastika ( b.g. : cell screen ) Hitler move away , revealing that the swastika be on he arm . his face be full of extreme bitterness . seethe . adolf yes ... I hate Vienna . ( he 's pain to remember ) it be dark and cold . there be shit on the street . stray dog ... freud and Germany ? Freud be sit opposite . adolf Young , blonde , alive . a fair maiden . Austria be like a old , break - down man . a empire with no territory . impotent , old fool . all pretense and no substance . but Germany ... Bright , fresh , clean . freud impotent ? adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.62 what ? freud you say impotent . adolf no , I do not . freud hmmm . Adolf stand , casually walk over and pick up a letter from the bushel basket of letter , fidget with it . adolf Austria have its day ; a illegitimate marriage with hungary . a empire rotten to the core . czech , croatian ... slavs . only the mate of Austria with Germany could save she . on the cell screen behind he : footage of Hitler youth girl do choreograph exercise . freud you be bear in Austria . adolf ( pick up photo of he mother ) but my mother , she be a angel . a true german . skin as white as fresh - fall snow . see Adolf 's face over hers , reflect on the frame . freud and you father ? Adolf turn , look at Freud . Freud stroke he mustache with he thumb and forefinger , thoughtfully . patient . adolf why do the oedipus complex provide deeper insight into man 's struggle than my racial theory ? Freud do not respond . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.63 you call yourself a doctor , a scientist , but what proof do you have of you theory ? freud you confusion arise out of a common misconception . think of the oedipus complex as a metaphor , a allegory if you like , to help explore we inner world . adolf a tool to help people understand . freud yes . a technique to reveal deeper truth . adolf to help people feel better about themselves . Freud watch Adolf pace , anticipate what he 's get at . adolf my ideology have help the german people feel better . freud ( nod ) by divide the world between good and bad ... maybe this be where you stray from you spiritual path . Adolf stand over Freud now . adolf it be a law of nature . a man must put other down to feel good about himself . Freud be intimidate . Adolf smile , walk away . freud so you explain the world use the symbolism of ethnic conflict . adolf Race be everything ... upon the ancient foundation of race , I forge religion , science , magic and politics into a single world view . I give they something to believe in . someone to blame . freud the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.64 be it possible you enemy lie not without , but within ? adolf all you do be help people cope with the day - to - day neurotic story line . you perpetuate a bourgeois existence that offer no salvation . freud the aim of my work be to help people escape they inner prison and to reach they -- adolf ( cut he off ) my mythology capture the people 's imagination . the visionary will to create mankind anew . a chariot for transcendence ... he notice Freud stare , shaking he head subtly . adolf besides , the root of National socialism be hide in secret place . it 's beyond you grasp . Freud 's reaction be ambiguous . but Hitler interpret it as defeat . satisfied , he sit and cross he arm . 88 adolf' hand sketch face on paper behind he in the background , he self - portrait painting . we realize that the dozen face laid out on the paper be categorize by race -- some Nordic , some clearly not . one of the face be a sketch of the typist . we hear typing , and CUT to the typist 's finger . they hurry to record a earlier think ... then stop . we tilt up to the typist , who seem frustrated with Adolf . typist I type the word , but I do not understand they . adolf the german people be hopelessly fragment by wealth , class , education ... Adolf draw line separate the face on he sketch pad into group . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.65 adolf ( continue ) ... country of origin , ancestry , nobility ... that kind of issue . he draw more line , some intersect . then pick up a red pen and begin to draw a red arc . adolf by unite the Germans on the basis of blood , we eliminate this difference . we follow he red pen around the page , then pull back to reveal that the line he 's be draw form a swastika , now inside a red circle . the typist begin to get the meaning . typist so if a man be from the lower middle class , bear outside Germany , lack noble ancestry , a high -school dropout perhaps ... he would hence forth feel include , not exclude ? ignoring he , Adolf draw quick facial caricature of non - Aryan race outside the circle . adolf exactly . to downplay the internal difference , we focus on external difference : that of we with german blood versus Jews , slavs , gypsy ... typist what about what we do with the german mentally ill , the retarded ... they german heritage ? adolf and the homosexual . we need to eliminate the malformed , purge we bloodline of impurity . ( build to a fever pitch ) National socialism be not a political party , but a sacred crusade against that inimicable to the pure Nordic super-race - a holy duty to all bear with germanic blood in they vein . the typist struggle to understand . typist " Nordic Super Race ... " the movement be found on the idea of a " Aryan " Super Race . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.66 after you secure power , you narrow the ideal . you forbade ss man from marrying german woman who be not blonde . how be this explain ? Adolf can not answer . he point insistently at the typewriter . the typist hesitates , then begin to type . dissolve to : 89 cell screen : nordic looking soldier in striking uniform CUT to : extreme close on goering medal ( closer than in scene 55 ) . a drop of clear liquid drip onto they . tilt to reveal that goer 's uniform be damp around the collar and further up to reveal goer 's face , another drop of perspiration ready to fall . tense , goer follow someone off screen . adolf ( 0.s. ) uniform arouse woman . adolf' hand enter the shot , drape a ceremonial sash around goer 's overly adorn chest . goer watch -- steely , masculine -- as he await he " torture . " adolf first , woman crave authority . and man who will control they . passivity be the central female characteristic . it 's nature 's law . the typist sit poise to type , but he do not , until Adolf turn and glare at he . Adolf pull a chair over to goer , climb on top of it and bend down to place goer 's hat on he head . dissolve to : 90 a bare shoulder , with a black slip strap Black satiny fabric begin to slide down over it . dolly back to reveal the woman in Black , in the process of dress herself . her arm raise high , pull on a black evening dress . she be strikingly sexual . there be only a glimpse of she breast from the side . we dolly around she as she arch she back . we follow the satiny gown down the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.67 she body . her stocking be seam and she wear black high - heele pump . at the end of the shot , we reveal Adolf , sit at a table , small in the distance , she calf in the foreground . close on : adolf . he shift in he seat , frequently glance sideways in the direction of the woman . he Pov : the woman in Black walk slowly towards he , hold the tip of she dagger press against the flat of she palm . her expression be intimidating , superior . Adolf weaken . she stop near the table , stand above he , the dagger flash in she hand . slowly , she reach past he , pick something up , lift it in she fist . she pour something from she fist over the dagger 's shiny blade . it 's blood . Adolf see the end of a test - tube protrude from below she fist . he gasp slightly . CUT ahead to : the dagger , now clean , be hold in Hitler 's hand , with the woman 's hand around he , control it . she stand above he . she guide he hand , glide the dagger tip down she cheek , along she neck , along she collarbone , down between she breast .... adolf' expression become one of shame ; submission . dissolve to : 90a star in a night sky pull back over the building of germania in " moonlight " , set against the night backdrop . adolf ( prelap ) we strove for the most extreme intensification of possibility . we hear boot on pavement , crowd chanting . 91 cell screen : ss soldier goose -step past crowd of women . Children in uniform , stand at attention , in salute . tank , truck , artillery , in symmetrical arrangement . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.68 the nazis at night . torch march in the darkness , become choreograph ritual . adolf discipline spontaneity . we elevate passion above reason . in the cell Adolf pick up piece of break mirror from a pile on the table , lay they out in a mosaic pattern on a flat tray . adolf ( 0.s. ) we rescue the german people from they drab , predictable life . we give they a sense of heroic belong . a vision of victorious triumph over evil . sound from the cell screen : barking dog . whistles blow . people run , shouting . the typist type . adolf a man will do anything so long as you take he step by step . break a shop window . then rough up a labor leader . turn a neighborhood into a ghetto . shoot a man . eliminate a race . the camera move to a angle that put Adolf 's face in the distort reflection off the fragment mosaic . adolf if you ask a civilized people to do this last step first , it would be impossible .... on the paper be type onto . Adolf 's hand reach in , grab it . adolf give I that . ( he yank it from the typewriter , wad it up ) let 's start over . close on the wood stove : he toss it in . close : the white nurse's finger push the plunger of a syringe , whose needle be insert into he arm ... the drug enter he blood . on the cell screen : image of idyllic " volk " . the light , heroic tone be reset . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.69 adolf only as each order be follow with absolute fidelity do I recognize the adolf ( cont would ) possibility . my mind leapt ahead to the most extreme , fantastic scenario . but my advice be to go slow . each desire fulfil must be follow by a somewhat larger request , a slightly great brutality . let the momentum build . Men comply . on the cell screen : the image take on a metallic texture . adolf to my astonishment , I could experience the sensation of absolute power . the whole system function to obey my command . each member of the armed force swore unconditional obedience to I . the nation celebrate my birthday . every german schoolboy pledge : " I swear to devote all my energy , all my strength , to the savior of we country , Adolf Hitler . I be willing and ready to give up my life for he , so help I God . one volk , one Reich , one fuhrer . " dry , Adolf stop , drink water , look off . when he exit frame , we see the typist , sit dutifully erect , type . adolf a mere flicker of my imagination could be transformed into a giant deed . sketch a museum , it be build . envision new live space , a country be invade . when a hatred mature , this group or that group ... be eliminate . for other , it become ... ( mockingly ) " ... my job be . I will complete this on time . I will perform with excellence . I be in charge of this . my aim in life be ... " ( return to normal voice ) ... no matter how harsh , extreme or murderous , the result reality . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.70 cell screen : the image be oddly fragment . adolf stand near the projector . it 's beam glance off the tray of mirror fragment , then ricochet wildly toward the screen . adolf one can write new commandment . thou shalt kill . 92 a torch be in the cell we move back as Adolf walk towards we with it , attaches it toa flexible stand . it roar , its flame wildly animated . he adjust the position , for some off screen effect . CUT to : EIGHT curve line , flowing to a CENTER click . the line begin to rotate : it be a large fan . Adolf walk past it . we follow he foot to Eva , who be perch on a short pedestal , drape in white cloth -- a classical Greek pose . the camera lovingly explore she idealize form . Adolf adjust the fold of the material across she waist . he hear whispering from off screen . Adolf turn , see the silhouettes of two man - seemingly the jailer and another man we do not recognize - who sit in the shadow . he strain to hear they word , but cannot . at the jailer 's foot , Adolf notice the jailer 's club tapping on the floor near he foot . the tip of the club be wrap in barb wire , stain with blood . a guard dog growl nearby . CUT to , extremely close : a brush dip into paint . it move toward the corner of a canvas , where we discover : a greek goddess , in stone , position on a vast plain . the face and body of the goddess be Eva 's . Adolf stop , look up at Eva in the cell . adolf hold still . we pull back and see that the eva-inspired statue be only a background detail in a larger painting , whose subject be Hitler . a self - portrait . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.71 adolf fight to ignore the unintelligible whisper . he busy himself painting , he turn back to Eva . again , the image flash : the swarthy man 's face descend through space , he eye focus downward . in the cell : lose control , infuriate , Adolf approach Eva , block she torchlight , then whirl and kick the torch . SPARKS and ember scatter across the frame . 93 red liquid congeal on the ceiling ... begins to drip series of image : the puddle of red liquid settles after the drip , revealing a hint of a dead , emaciate body underneath . x-ray of distort bone . fast -cut still of racial type , non - Aryan , in german uniform . and obese men. ( goer ) 94 adolf' finger adjust the knob on a large caliper adjust it to measure the size of he hand . he compare the result to a life-size palm trace of Frederick the great ina large book . ( a print of Frederick 's paint portrait be on the face page of the book ) . adolf ( v.o. ) there be no essence beneath appearance . only a series of appearance , each arise out of the one before and give birth to the next . only a series of appearance , each arise out of the one before and give birth to the next . 95 page in adolf' photo album Adolf glue archival photo onto page of a extremely large photo album . they be of nineteen-twenty Hitler , as speaker , leader of a small party . adolf the horror of World War I ... the turmoil of the postwar year ... by the nineteen thirty , Germany be a abuse child . from she wound grow National socialism . the great healer ... the great healer . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.72 sound : speech , crowd , radio address . adolf ( 0.s. ) I be think back ... we hear the typist type . adolf ( 0.s. ) I remember the first time I speak publicly . it be in 1920 ... or be it 1919 ? Adolf stop , frown , then go back to work on the photo . adolf for the army , after the first world war . a crowd of veteran . dishearten , break man who have spend four agonizing year in the trenches , only to return unappreciate .... civilian could never know . we get to photo of Hitler on a hill with a old soldier behind he . then to another of he watch a parade in munich , with old man next to he . adolf ( low , to the typist ) they be move by my word , my fervor . I could speak . I remember one young man in a wheel chair , who have lose he leg ... there be a ecstasy in he face . dissolve through more of the early photo of the Nazi movement . among they be some with Hitler stand with hand fold over crotch . adolf ( 0.s. ) I know joy . I have the power to heal the sick . on adolf : he launch into a angry , passionate speech , all off screen . in giant contrast to he private self . adolf with will of steel , the purify volk , united as one , will repel all its enemy for the sake of peace ! so god demand ! the typist do not type the speech . without transition , Adolf resume dictating to the typist , who again type . adolf ( off screen ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.73 dream for the dispirite , a outlet for the angry . a page of the photo album , which have become even larger , hold a photo of a speer massive building . when the page turn , the building come crash onto we view . he adolf as with wagner 's music , the people could lose themselves in the totality of my voice . freud one must be cautious . all people want to be god . unfortunately , some do not recognize the impossibility of it . adolf you be wrong . all people have god within they . fortunately , most people do not recognize this . continue , examine a series of photograph of himself in various speak pose , take by hoffmann in a studio , with a black back - drop . wwe he in he it hear less and less of the typist type . get to a photo of himself at a awkward moment . another photo , wear a hat , he look like a old man . try to peel one apart from the other , struggle with it . rip . he curse . stands up suddenly . his head and limb jerk and spasm . his body be unnaturally rigid . he in take a breath , resume dictating . when he pace , he cross front of a enormous image of himself on the cell screen . adolf through the magic of my oratory and the clarity of my idea , I could turn my daydream into history , my private fantasy into public policy . if my will be strong , I could perform world historic deed . angle on the open in the wall Adolf enter . stands next to it . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.74 do you follow ? he wait for a answer . but there be none . adolf answer I . his will can not force a answer . the camera float up and away from he , drift along the wall to reveal human bone imbed in the wall , just visible . fade to black . 96 the projector lamp arc on - a bright beam emanate the film reel begin to turn . we move down the beam , to see Adolf on the other side of the beam . on the cell - screen : stalin . in the cell : adolf watch attentively , study he nemesis . he freeze the image , then imitate the expression freeze on the cell - screen . he walk toward the cell - screen , look up towards it . he whirl and shout up into a corner of the cell , as if to someone up there . adolf we be each island of strength and will , surround by great mutton-herd of sheep - like follower ... we know that liberty , equality and democracy be the grandest nonsense , that war be the most simple affirmation of life . ( beat ) but I do not admire he ! he squint into the darkness . he Pov : we make out vague shadow that seem almost like they be make by human shape . adolf envy ? stalin ? ha ! a footnote ! a footnote if he 's fortunate ! I steal he place in history . Adolf step into the projection beam , he shadow small in relation to the overblown image of stalin . he begin to walk forward , he shadow grow over stalin 's face as he walk . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.75 we hear the typist hit he carriage return , type . adolf stalin kill million of he own people , but he kill without grace . he rule by fear . I rule by passion and ecstasy . stalin have no sense of form . the projector beam shut off ; the cell - screen go dark . the room also go dark . sound from action in the dark : the projector grind . Adolf bash into something , apparently hurt himself . lashes out ! break something . frustrate , he rant and rave . adolf ( in darkness ) yes , he get people 's attention -- but with force and random brutality . a barbarian of genius . so what ? he offer nothing to hypnotize and transform he people . where be the unify theme ? what be the drama in slaughtering well - to - do farmer ? click . a lamp click on , illuminate : adolf' face - close adolf stalin misunderstand the principle of opera . 97 cell screen montage : operatic element of the nazi movement edited to wagner music : night rally , over -scale eagle and swastikas . progress to medieval battle footage . 98 omitted 99 klara hitler , in the photograph near adolf' bed after a few moment , Adolf 's reflection off the frame 's glass become apparent . he 's in a state of anxiety from the previous scene . we push in to " they " eye . red cloth flash through the frame . it 's a large Nazi flag . Adolf have just throw it over he shoulder , wrapping himself in it . wearing it almost like a cloak , he pace back and forth near the open in the wall , stop once to kiss a corner of the flag . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.76 adolf accord to the eternal law of nature , the soil belong to that who conquer it . we must purge we people of they softness and sentimental philistinism . the light through the open diminish almost undetectably by the end of this monologue . adolf ( cont would ) on this point I be icily cold : all life be pay for in blood . I crush the skull of my enemy . I make the death wind blow . he pull the flag up over he head , make it into a hood . the beam of light become narrower , dimmer . we dissolve into the next scene so that it seem to come through the eye of : 100 a wolf mask a hand reach in , remove the mask , revealing the face of a small blonde child ( age 5 or 6 ) . the hand be Adolf 's . Adolf hear someone arrive , look up to see : goebbel . adolf ah , my dwarf among giant . he turn back to the child , four in all , age 5 - 8. adolf run along my golden Nordic nugget . they scamper away . Adolf 's mood drop visibly as the uplift presence of child dissipate . Goebbels stare at Adolf like he 's mad . adolf ( shrug ) when you personal and political mythology be threaten , you take step to affirm it . camera drift to a chair that have " bar " in its back . we look through the chair 's back at Adolf . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.77 in the background on the cell screen be propaganda poster and postcard . Adolf move to the wood stove . there 's a file box there . he casually begin to remove papers and photograph one at a time from the file and feed they into the wood stove . adolf ( 0.s . ) " the Prophet , " " the fighter , " " the last hope of the mass , " " the shine symbol of the german will to freedom ... " goebbel with respect , mein fuhrer ... you create the fuhrer role . you be the director . I only help stage it . adolf my God , Joseph , it become a terrible burden . Goebbels appeal to Adolf 's ego with great skill . but Adolf continue burn the item from the file box . goebbel mein fuhrer , future generation will pay exorbitant sum for you painting , you letter , you pistol ... to feel you presence in they . adolf I be a victim of Nazi propaganda . the invincible fuhrer ... Goebbels keep beat the flattery drum . goebbel historian will scrutinize you childhood , examine you relationship , you dark secret . adolf it warpe my judgement . goebbel they will exaggerate you slight scribbles into profound , irrefutable , " clue " ... Adolf stop burn the content of folder , look down at they , perhaps newly aware of they potential historic value . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.78 ... perhaps . Goebbels kneel down near he , begin sorting the papers and photo that be about to be burnt , to preserve they . goebbel some fool , probably a psychologist , will explore the issue of you appearance to understand you deeper reality , and believe it to be a profound question . adolf ( finally fall for it ) the imbecile will not understand that appearance versus reality be the central question of all art . it will not be a unique study . it will be cliched , mundane , commonplace . ( think a beat ) the idiot . goebbel for a thousand year , in each generation , there will be petty bourgeois cretin with they academic degree who will dedicate they life to understanding you . adolf there 's my thousand - year Reich . Goebbels see that he have Adolf go . Goebbels be sorting pile of photo and note . make stack for the phd 's . goebbel at university around the world , there will be course : Hitler , Architecture and Politics . adolf ( nods ) Hitler , salvation and human evolution . goebbel or ... Hitler , wagner and voyeurism . Adolf turn to the cell screen ; again lose himself in the image , become serious again . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.79 and artist too . career devoure , try to bridge the distance ... strive for comprehension .... Hitler like this . then smile sadly to underplay it . adolf we give they all much to brood over , do not we , Goebbels ? he do not sound all that confident . the music be discordant . Adolf 's panic build anew . 101 a rolled up X - ray be removed from the ammo BOX Adolf 's hand unroll the x-ray , reveal that it 's of a human face ( he ) . he move it around in front of a candle , which illuminate it from behind , project the image onto he . adolf ( 0.s. ) blood and race ... the only true source of artistic inspiration . on adolf adolf Art be a sacred mission that require the artist to be a fanatic . on the x-ray the candle behind it have be replace by the intense fire of the incinerator . on adolf the x-ray stencil the light from the fire into odd shape on he face . adolf all unrest be creative . dissolve to : ( insert stock footage ) a german bomber fly over Berlin , drop thousand of swastikas , which flutter down to the city below . sound : repeated whistle of bomb drop , overlap , without " landing " or explode . dissolve to : 102 omitted 103 bomb explode at night the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.80 series of image : a massive stone swastika be dynamite to dust . a freakish man in a ss uniform leer . a warpe mirror turn Eva into a gargoyle . 104 mist move through it to discover Adolf , lie in bed , he hand behind he head , look up at the ceiling . the White nurse be barely visible several foot away , shroud in mist . nurse's voice ( 0.s. ) and so the beautiful blonde maiden be falsely accuse and menace by she lecherous guardian , Frederick of telramund ... dissolve through : image from german mythology . Knights . wotan , character Adolf turn to for strength . nurse's voice ( v.0o . ) ... to she rescue come the gallant , pure - soule , silver armored knight lohengrin , bear the redemptive power of the Holy grail ... white out adolf ( prelap ) the wise man understand what be true for all man . that we be eternal . the soul and the mind migrate just as the body return to nature . 105 on the cell screen : a little girl , circa 1919 adolf thus life be eternally reborn from life . we pull back slightly to reveal Adolf in profile , close in the foreground , lie on he back . his face be a " horizon " against the cell screen image . the cell screen image progress to strobing , dream - like footage of the riot of 1919 . then to Hitler speak at a rally in the twenty . adolf stop type .... the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.81 in a different era , the part of I that be compassionate and sensitive might have develop . but in my era , there be force and attraction that lead I to become the founder and perfect leader of a new religion . typist a new religion ... be that why ss member could not belong to any church ? Adolf gesture subtly in the affirmative , then quickly be - compose himself back to he work mode . his lip be still , but he secret thought continue ; we hear they , low and conspiratorial . adolf ( v.0. - internal ) I shall attain immortality even if the whole german nation be obliterate in the process . 106 close : the nurse's syringe she pull up the plunger . it suck up blood from Adolf 's vein . angle on : adolf , in a suit , talk loud . he 's annoyed at have to explain something for the fiftieth time . in the background , on the cell screen , huge , be Hitler give a speech , step print , from he early day . adolf World War one be lose because Germany be stab in the back . the worst crime in history be to surrender while Germany 's army be still fight on french soil . we factory be produce at record rate . we be a strong nation . typist ( skeptical ) be that one of the colossal tale we tell the mass ? the Americans have enter the war . have not we army begin to collapse ? adolf ( outrage ) we have the will to fight on . we could have win ... thus the need to cleanse we nation . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.82 the Jews , gypsy , the retarded . Germany must be pure . typist with we purify germanic nation , why do we fare so poorly in World War two ? Adolf can not answer . the screen behind he go black . typist during the first World War , Germany be never invade . yet by the end of the second , we be overrun by foreign army , we city and town be bomb to rubble . million of german woman be rape by invade Russian soldier . over five million Germans have be kill . adolf the german officer corps turn out to be a pack of mutineer and coward . typist but the officer corps be pure german blood . Adolf glare , he anger building to irrational rage . adolf ( yell ) if I hear the word -- " the most complete and utter defilement of a nation " -- one more time , I will scream ! typist ( contemplative ) five and a half million Germans ... Adolf spin away from the typist , turn toward we , start walk quickly . we dolly quickly back with he . 107 low angle , adolf walk faster and faster now he 's in he military outfit , lean forward , walk as if up a hill ( shot with actor on a treadmill - close to he face ) he thrust he arm out , two finger jabbing forward , and shout at the top of he lung . adolf troop strength ...!!!!? I do not give a damn about troop strength !!! you be a general in the army of the third Reich . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.83 a german officer ! a instrument of conquest ! invincible ! if you even mention retreat , you be a coward ... a traitor ! a jew ! high , wide angle from high over Adolf 's shoulder . the cell be empty . there be no one on the receive end of he furious diatribe . adolf retreat be not acceptable ! loss can never be too high ! only success guarantee vitality ! I be a man who know only one thing : close on hitler : Adolf 's face go extremely red . adolf strike ! strike ! and strike again ! new angle : on he mouth , off angle ( spit spraying ) adolf ( cont would ) this be a battle of will ! a fight for existence ! a fight to the death ! he spew he last word at peak intensity , then cough violently , hack up phlegm . then he be spend . he stop several pace away from the camera . pant , exhaust , drip with sweat . his right hand move to he chest , rest there , claw - like , as if he 's in pain . but he seem to have escape the voice of accusation . typist I have always wonder ... late in the war you issue a order to level every german village , burn every church , destroy every home in the face of the Russian invader ... adolf ( gasp for air ) Standard military procedure . to deny the slavs the spoil and satisfaction of conquest . typist destroy every german home ? adolf ( last gasp ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.84 every defeat people must die to be reborn and begin anew . when Albert speer disobey this order , he betrayed german history and the german people . typist that would mean you final public policy for Germany be national death . Adolf 's body go completely limp . dissolve to : 108 hitler - mid - tirade ( inserted stock footage , silent ) in he mightiest speech voice : adolf ( v.o. ) never again will there be the stigma of cross-fertilization . the mix of good blood with bad . never again ! never again ! his last line be thunderous . 109 adolf - sitting , staring off into space Adolf be in deep despair , agony . on the cell screen ( see in fragment only ) : Dark , obscure image of unrecognizable machinery from the 1930' . Adolf be sit on the step-stool next to the projector , face mostly away from the cell screen . we hear approaching footstep . Eva appear on the other side of the projector beam , veile by the brightness project on the dust in the air . eva wolfie ? adolf ( not all right ) I be all right , Eva ... go away ... eva but sweetie ... why be you ... adolf it 's ... I ... artistic anxiety . we see she back into the darkness . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.85 110 adolf' hand frantically pull film off a take - up reel we look through the spin wheel at Adolf 's face . he 's eye madly scan the image on the film for something specific . insert : one of the image be a small white coffin . on the floor : the ribbon of film tangles in a pile . dissolve in a feint image of von stuck 's Medusa , with hair of serpent , and then a equally feint image of klara Hitler . finally , dissolve to : 111 a mud cover snake weave through thorny bramble we pull back and rise up , discover more of the thicket , and then a tiny white coffin on a adult -size rack ( cold mist cascade onto it from above ) . we look over the coffin to discover the face of a young boy , whose eye be unusually light , like klara Hitler 's . this be young adolf , eight year old . his hair be grease back , but a few sprig have fall forward . he wear a turn - of - the century suit , with a flower in its lapel . he stare straight ahead , sadness in he eye . we pull back to see that he be stand in a graveyard ( project backdrop ) with the casket , all alone . close : he raise he hand and flatten he hair , away from the part in both direction ( as the adult Hitler do ) . on the casket : the snake crawl across the white surface , leave a filthy smear , then down toward Young Adolf 's leg . 111a the jailer watch adolf from a darkened corner move down and discover a large , black german shepherd , growl , but muzzle and leash at the jailer 's side . Adolf 's hand move over photo of himself look stern . 2 another page turn : another angry photo . very similar . another photo ... another . 112 silhouettes of hitler youth against the cell-screen they face away from we , toward the cell - screen . we track along behind they as if the camera be from Adolf 's Pov . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.86 he speak conspiratorially , divulge delicate information . adolf never forget what you be about to hear . not only be the third Reich the most film event in world history , it be also the most carefully edit . we reveal Adolf . he pace behind they , in they shadow . adolf this be the magic ..... in 1926 , when walk up to a podium for a speech , I stumble . this film footage I personally impound . on the cell screen : footage of Adolf at he public best . adolf on unbearably hot day , when I would sweat , the footage would not only be edit out , but physically eradicate . any error ina speech , any miscue , have to be eliminate . in the cell , Adolf have stop near the end of a row . adolf what be preserve on film , remain in man 's mind . flawless speech . unflappable will . one hundred thousand cheer citizen . woman in tear . a unassailable thor , thunder from the tower . this in contrast with the Adolf we be watch , who be " unedite " rumple , a little bit off ... not perfect . adolf future fuhrer must understand : no matter how carefully you plan and execute you production , and no matter how good you people be , you cannot control a change in lighting due to unexpected weather condition , or that a car stall in a parade , or a background person carelessly stare into the camera . you can never get it exactly right . he lower he voice , whisper to the close boy . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.87 adolf but with editing .... the Black magic ... I have edit the imagination of people not yet bear . the original footage , the original reality , the truth .... be now lose to they forever . blonde aryan boy in a way , the out - take , the flaw ... this be like the Jews . adolf I never think of it like that . CUT to : autographed 8 1 / 2 x 11 photo of Hitler be hand to the first girl in line . we dolly along as each girl take one and pass it down . dissolve to : four metal eagle / swastika flag- pole top , pass similarly down the row of boy . we dolly with they as they be pass down , keep they center in we frame . dissolve to : 113 . a " negative " of shot of a gray rectangle two man slowly become visible inside the rectangle . we realize it 's a window . but everything 's still in negative . dissolve to the positive of the same shot the two man be in a booth that sit in the middle of the cell . they be under a single bluish overhead light : Adolf sit ina chair , wear he double - breast suit . near he , stand a tall man , wear the stripe uniform of a concentration camp prisoner . Adolf be talk to the man , but we can not hear -- the booth be soundproof . a silhouett figure step into the foreground of we frame , watch this two man : Adolf . watch himself with the tall man . look over Adolf 's shoulder , we notice more about the tall man . his cheek be hollow and he wrist and neck be bony . his hair be short . he be stoop over slightly at the waist . fade to black . 114 close : hitler - frantically washing he hand adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.88 I deal with pain by cause pain . ( 0.s. , breathless ) no , no ... ex that out . Adolf finish wash , pace . his hand on he temple . adolf it be a ridiculous notion . ( the typist catch up ) that personal pain cause one man to injure another ... sound : the concussive blow we previously associate with he father terror . 115 adolf stand in a column of light , delivering treatise he use extreme , dramatic gesture , almost like " flex " for each statement . after each declaration , a strobe flash red that wash out the image , then a freeze image of the " pose " appear in negative . as he start to move again , we dissolve to the " positive " image , until the next red flash . adolf ( v.0 . ) to protect Germany . a act of self defense . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . adolf ( v.0 . ) to punish the german nation for undermine my charisma . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . adolf ( v.0 . ) to guarantee my singular place in history . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . adolf ( v.0 . ) to take they breath away ... the broad - sweeping historical gesture . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . adolf ( v.0 . ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.89 as the dream of conquest fade , the ss need a new mission to sustain vitality . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . adolf ( v.0 . ) to brand the german people with this crime for all time . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . adolf ( v.0 . ) to add my chapter to the history of the choose people . they eternity be my eternity . flash to red , fade in a freeze frame in negative . then as Adolf move again , dissolve back to positive . a voice speak from behind the camera - Freud . freud ( 0.s. ) what about you fear of be one quarter jewish ? where do that fit in ? adolf my final enigmatic act . my postwar surprise to the world . flash - then white to red 116 series of image the cell wall bulge slightly from external pressure , crumble slightly . Fire " wave " in extreme slow motion ( black & white ) . abstract image of the body of the twelve blonde woman . a flash of make - up eye : the woman in Black she rise into frame - she black dress overtake we . 117 black frame Adolf walk away from camera , formerly block by he back . we discover a body , lie on its back on a table , cover by a white satin sheet . Adolf block we view of the head end of the body . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.90 from directly over adolf : a slight breeze may cause the soft , silky material to shimmer . the contour of the sheet make it plain that the woman be naked under the cloth . Adolf walk around the table to the other side . he stand at she waist , extend both hand out , he leave hand rest on she stomach , he right rest on she head . slowly , he bring he hand together , allow they to glide along just above the surface of the woman 's body . as he do this , the camera boom down to below the body , then tilt up to Adolf . he raise he hand , as if in prayer , he eye on the woman 's cover head . there be sadness in he expression , but no tear . he sit heavily on a stool near the table on which she lie , then slowly reach toward the head , gently pull back the sheet . the sheet move through the bottom of the frame . then , with sudden violence , he yank the sheet away . ( part way through the motion , become extreme slow motion ) over the whiteness freud ( pre-lap ) what do you mean when you say , " erotic affinity with death ? " dissolve to : 118 the camera move along the floor discover Adolf near the open in the wall , barely light . adolf unspeakable desperation ... anxiety . a hungry wolf , out to kill , eat and survive .... that I could sit calmly at a party rally and then get up to speak . this be the true triumph of my will . adolf ( cont would ) by comparison , the conquest of France be nothing . he turn to the open . dissolve to : 119 a soft -focus field of color it 's part of a painting . work at he self portrait . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.91 adolf ( defensive ) ... because it do not matter if a idea be true or false , only that it serve my purpose . Adolf be dissatisfied with he painting . frustrate , he dab cotton into paint thin , begin to smear a large portion of he image , create something unintentional : a half -distort , impressionistic piece of modern art . freud ( sympathetically ) but member of you family suffer from mental illness . do not you fear insanity ? adolf I be not put in a lunatic asylum I create a lunatic asylum . 120 adolf' head move down through space ( similar to the swarthy man ) , end up in Eva 's arm , against she chest . the camera keep move past they , into blackness where he body would be . adolf ( 0.s . ) what desperate void draw I to you ... to conquest ? 121 adolf look at himself in a mirror close : Adolf pull he lip back from he tooth with one hand , bring up a magnify glass so he can see they in the mirror greatly enlarge . adolf if I have not be ashamed to smile ... 121a on hitler at the mirror he 's at the junction between speer and primitive . he seem fragment , dishevel , out of sort . ( the lighting be shadowy , dark ; the mood be nightmarish ) . CUT to : a hand lower the stylus on the victrola . wagnerian music fill the cell . at he mirror , Hitler turn to find the source of the music . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.92 at the victrola : we tilt up to find Goebbels in close up look down at the machine . he turn and smile at Hitler . CUT back to a wide shot : of the two giant statue stand at the end of the cell . on the cell screen ( rear screen ) behind he : a huge citizen kane size head of Hitler . Goebbels beckon to Adolf with he hand , indicate something off screen . on adolf : he react by not ....... back to goebbel : goebbel the first day I hear you speak , you look at I , you blue eye meet my glance , like a flame . this be a command . at that moment , I be reborn . I know which road to take ! Goebbels snap he hand and a brilliant spotlight reveal the mannequin with no head atop the classical pedestal . the mannequin wear Hitler 's gold party uniform , lock in a speak pose , only the metal rod hold up its hat . goebbel at last a epic worth write . adolf but only you , a fail playwright to write it . adolf' Pov : the statue and the mannequin have go dark . the cell screen image have fragment . goebbel there be nothing wrong with the play . the great you failure and the more empty and desperate you become , the more brutal and grotesque the propaganda have to be to hide the truth . Hitler turn to he reflection in the mirror . blood pour down the glass , obliterate he image . 122 enormous metal teeth the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.93 inside a dark chamber . Light leak into the chamber through angular crack . the mechanical shape be hard to make out . a long cylindrical shaft disappear into the distance . there be a distorted groan of metal ; the square tooth begin to turn . this be a metal gear . we move back along other gear and mechanism , all interconnected , then out through a open in the chamber , revealing that we have be inside the film projector . 123 angle from overhead Adolf be sit down frame leave , gulp from a large water glass , as if to quench a deep , deep thirst . Freud remain stand behind he , suggest the classic analytic relationship to he patient . adolf ( think back ) ... my mother 's long , sustained moan , the shortness of breath , the occasional high , rise voice ... what happen to a little boy when he hear such a thing ? freud at what age ? adolf I do not know ... six . or nine ... he would never know whether she 's experience pleasure or pain . ( wait for Freud to respond ) well , say something . freud would the little boy feel shame about what he parent be do ? or guilt for listen ? Adolf stiffen . adolf stop . no ethic . we Christianity be the same as you old jewish swindle . Germany need free man who feel and know that wotan be within they . in they own destiny . in they own blood ... adolf ( cont would ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.94 one be either a german or a Christian . we can not be both . we will tear out Christianity root and branch . annihilate it . freud be you afraid that the Christian way of life would lead to the dissolution of masculine vitality ? Adolf glare at Freud . adolf ( with sudden fury ) bolshevik hogwash . we hear the typist type he remark . Freud silently scrutinize Adolf . adolf what be you look at ? tick -tick -tick he hear the typist 's finger . Adolf whirl , infuriate that the thought be " get out . " 124 the blonde in the aquarium Adolf walk towards she . her blonde hair float hauntingly . she watch he from in the water . when he get to the glass , he finger silently probe , yearn to merge . 125 the water glass in adolf' hand Adolf 's stare off into space . freud perhaps shame lead to concealment ... again , the finger ticking on the typewriter key . again , he turn to listen . but another sound blend with the key : the click , click of high -heeled shoe on a hard floor ( woman - in - black musical theme ) . he turn to the direction from which that sound be hear . 126 a ss uniform on it's headless , limbless " form " the camera move from the hat , down the spike where the neck would be , along the tie , diagonally down the leather strap , to the long knife , hang in its scabbard from the belt . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.95 the knife be similar to the ceremonial knife establish earlier . feminine hand reach in , grasp the knife , lift it slowly from its sheath . track with it as it move through space it approach a swastika arm band on a outstretch arm . we pull back to reveal Hitler , salute . the blade 's tip slide under the swastika ... Hitler 's face become a picture of anxiety . the woman in black stare blankly at Adolf . she slice the knife through the fabric . the swastika flutter limply through the air . adolf , stand nearby , feel no power from he stiff salute . he simply lower he arm . the woman in black peel off she stocking . Adolf 's face have go flat . we push past he to where the wall meet the floor . the severe swastika arm band lie in tatter near seeping red liquid . the camera drift across the surface of the wall . adolf ( 0.s. ) what be bad , we expel from we . what be bad do not belong to we . dissolve to : 127 a similar move across the texture of a black stocking a shape move towards the stock from behind it ( towards we ) . come into focus as it contact the net : Adolf 's eye , turn ninety degree ( vertical ) . CUT to : his Pov look through the black stock at Eva , who lie underneath he . he pull and stretch the material to provide different view of part of she body . he move the net away from he own face , press the material around she face to distort she actual feature . she nervously allow he to experiment . part fear , part arousal . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.96 he reach into he scabbard , produce the ceremonial dagger he use with the woman in black . he stand above Eva . we see there be blood on the dagger . on eva' face she be blank , dehumanize by he action . Adolf bend down and cut the strap of she slip . a drop of blood stain she white shoulder . on her back : the white slip slide off she skin . it land on the floor of the cell near she foot . Red liquid , and begin to soak up the liquid . adolf Germany be not worthy of I . let she perish . a image flash : the profile of the exotic man 's swarthy face , look down , move through space , very slowly . 128 fade in from black to : a series of shot : a white light whip past the lens , flaring it . Metal tooth inside the projector grind film . a character from a otto dix painting howl at we . gaunt , starve , hollow face dissolve through each other . Hitler 's face be distort by the warpe mirror . the woman in aquarium float , still and pale just below the surface . fade to black . 129 close on adolf - hour later ( b.g. : cell screen ) after a long moment , he run he finger through he hair and begin a long soliloquy . adolf ( anguish ) Russia ... Russia be my abyss . finger on key hurry to record . Adolf rub he eye . adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.97 it be the beginning of the end . it be the end . the dark valley of that defeat in 1941 be unbearable . the magnificent peak ... then to fall so low ... like napoleon . death in the snow . adolf ( cont would ) since 1933 , a unbroken chain of political , economic and military conquest ... wave of adulation ... I be unstoppable . but then ... Russia . ( slowly , shaking he head ) invincibility undone ! my circle of perfection ... crush under the boot of ... slavs , no less ! stalinites . untermenschen ! the fuhrer myth ... ... shattered . the type stop .... Adolf glance over , frown . he take a long breath , stand and begin to pace . he move in and out of the light , as if dodging it . adolf a quarter million of my young soldier slaughter in the snow . my most humiliate experience . I be naked before the german people . the world . and then I have to continue with my role ; to take the stage again . only my will allow I to remain in character . ( he pause ) a childhood nightmare return ... ( think back ) running home naked from school in the snow ... hiding behind bush -- try to avoid be see , to avoid ridicule , exposure . ( he wipe perspiration from he lip , lower he head ) I ponder many option . Calling a world conference for peace . I could be the great peacemaker , voluntarily withdraw to we old border -- we would keep only Austria . I consider retire , go back to my painting . I long to paint , to create , to build .... ( continue , think back ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.98 I should have be a architect . have a great ruler ever simply disappear from the public stage , change he identity ? " let someone else play Hitler , " I think ... " give someone else the role ! " adolf ( cont would ) ( gesture wildly , then relax ) the stain of defeat would not fade . then it come to I ... slowly at first , like a blossom on a tree in spring . what I could do next ... a old image ... a primal hatred ... crystallize . the answer ... by this point , he 's away from the cell screen . we do not see it behind he . we only hear the sound of train car on old track . the wailing of human being . adolf it obsessed I and lift my spirit . a new plan for this terrible time . it be the one think , the one idea , that bring I peace enough to sleep . I could systematically and completely destroy all the Jews . if my role as great conqueror have end , a new part beckone -- the great destroyer . ( a silent moment ) I would be the architect of the great catastrophe of all time ... that 's how I would be remember , gain my immortality . ( with steely calm ) destroy all Jews . off screen , we hear the typist stop before type the word . Hitler notice , look over at he . the typist begin type again ... slowly . close on the page : as he type : " destroy all Jews . " before he finish type : smash : a test - tube of blood smashes on the ground . before it 's on the screen very long , we fade to black . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.99 over black : Music and sound effect evoke deep , darkest tragedy . 130 a mask hang against blackness the camera move past it , discover more mask , each with Adolf 's face in a range of emotion : enrage . defiant . triumphant . proud. angry . charm . ecstatic . we hold on : the " triumphant " mask . adolf ( v.0 . ) stripped of grandeur ... expose .... nerve ending .... a tender fetus poke unmercifully by a long sharp , metal rod ... 131 push in to a photo : hitler at age ten , he arm crossed . adolf ( v.0 . ) sometimes it feel as if my body have be partially cut out , never grow . 132 stock footage : dolly across face in a crowd - extremely slow the face be mid-rapture as they watch Hitler . adolf ( v.0 . ) we be stick in a mutually reciprocal dream play . figure twirling with no ground . image with no object . a mass hallucination . 133 blackness - something coming toward US as it quickly fill more and more of we frame we see that it 's a campaign poster of Hitler , just he face on a black field ( note : not cell screen ) . it grow and grow , until it 's overwhelmingly large , then push in further , until it 's just litho dot . adolf ( v.0 . ) only my image ... no swastika , no party name , no program . my image stand for discipline , will , resoluteness . for Germany 's destiny . what it do not stand for be I . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.100 134 huge blown - up image of hitler dissolve onto each other adolf ( v.0 . ) that a people would give all power ... turn they life and will over to a single man ... it 's insane . 135 extreme close , abstract of adolf' actual mustache ( macro ) a sharp blade cut through hair in slow motion , accompany by scraping , stretching , rumbling . CUT to : extremely close on hair fall on white porcelain . slowed : Adolf slowly rise into frame , revealing he hairless lip and mouth . his despair at see himself without the mustache be extreme . he feel naked . part of the mask be go . he try a posture of authority , confidence , but it do not fit . he jerk he arm out in salute , hold it for several moment ... then snap he arm back . anxious . adolf contort he face , watch himself in the mirror . he speed through different expression : willful . contempt . curiously pique . scorn. arrogance . amuse . anger. jump - cut together . each be convincing . but the hurt expression return , the hair fall down again . he try anguish , grief . but he can not hold it . he move he shoulder quickly up and down as one would do when sobbing , but it feel extremely force . adolf ( v.0 . ) the cruelest man be the one who have experience the deep personal suffer . sound : the concussive blows we have tie to he father terror . again , he face go blank , emotionless . 136 close : a round hand mirror . it turn to reveal Adolf in magnify distortion . his feature , enlarge out of proportion , ripple and bulge . his nose be huge , grotesque . his eye look malignant , ready to pop . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.101 in the background , the set move , as if he 's spin in space as he examine he face . sound : Adolf breathe rapidly . whisper from off screen . 137 dancing feet , out of focus ( stock footage , non -cell screen ) Hitler clowning on the patio of he mountain retreat . ( the footage he earlier edit out in front of Eva . ) this " eradicate " footage be follow by still where he look weak , or effeminate , wear lederhosen , photo show he tired , old , uncharacteristically Hitler . photo that reveal the man beneath the mask / personas . the image begin to repeat . the image become over magnify , hugely grainy . 138 close / abstract on a piece of flesh -colored netting with short hair attach . it 's a fake mustache . theatrical make - up glue be apply . the mustache be press against Adolf 's upper lip . adolf ( v.0 . ) as if the hero have no fear and the villain have no need for affection . pull back quickly to Adolf , in conventional medium shot , reflect in the full - length mirror . he wear the same dark suit he wear at the beginning of the film . his panic begin to subside as he recognize he old self in the mirror 's reflection . music : discordant , tune to Adolf 's inner tension . sound : the jailer 's baton rake along the wall . Adolf glance slightly sideways , to he right . 139 on the screen : adolf giving a vitriolic speech without SOUND the cell - screen image be Nazi surreal . steel - helmete ss soldier , the black metal gleam in the sun . arm with swastikas swinging . shiny boot goose step . slow motion , dream like . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.102 we boom down , revealing the side - back of Adolf 's head , and then body , as he watch he image . we dolly slowly around behind he , keep the image on the screen beyond ( end almost in profile from the other side ) . adolf ( v.0 . ) my youth be a emptiness , a black mirror lace with panic . adolf ( cont would ) as fuhrer , my mirror fill with my image , but the glow be brief . and when the brightness fade at twilight , the brutality have begin . finally when the beast be spend , the black night return . cell screen : a frame of hitler freeze , then start to melt the image be of Hitler speak at night . adolf ( on screen ) the only remedy be to lash out . ever so slightly the fog lift . it do not go away , but it be tolerable . fade to black . sound a deep rumbling , like thunder , but vaguely suggest a distant battle . 140 adolf in silhouette against the screen ... watching .... cell screen : a soldier dead in the snow . a icy wind blow . he 's already partially bury in the drift . the camera move off the man 's face to the snow . we slowly dissolve to : a hollow - eye , skeletal face , slowly starve , near death . his emotionless eye stare directly at we , but the gaze be distant , almost lifeless . the face fade out . just snowy white field . 141 a moving white field - the nurse's uniform move down the nurse 's arm to she hand as she remove a vial of blood from the box of test tube . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.103 she turn to hand it to Adolf . we see she face and hair . she 's not blonde . her hair be now black . she 's the woman in Black . Adolf react -- horror . as she hand the vial of blood to Adolf , it slip . we track it in slow motion ( nurse 's uniform in b.g. ) . the vial of blood shatter on the ground . 142 a death mask be lifted toward US series of image : the slow-motion , abstract fire . Red liquid drip onto the floor from somewhere above . a wolfen german shepherd lunge , snarling , its fang drip blood . the death mask crash into the fire bowl , send spark ; go up in flame . on the sound track : distant , muffled scream . rumbling . 143 close : a page in the typewriter - word still be typed " destroy all Jews . " a hand enter and yank the sheet of paper from the machine , read it carefully . then .... adolf my god ... this be powerful write . " like a blossom in spring . " .... add this note . the typist put another piece of paper into the typewriter . Hitler pause to compose in he mind . adolf " the seed of this obsession be plant long ago and now spring forth from the black soil of war " . or should I say the black soil of defeat ...? typist ( cold ) be not defeat what you mean ? adolf wait ... something 's out of order . before the defeat ... I be try to remember ... the ss death squad eliminate hundred of thousand of Jews and communist in the course of the invasion of Russia ... of course that be mostly a military security issue . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.104 he put down the prize piece of write , frantically search through nearby folder , look for new fact . he find a page , clipped to other . he flatten it out , scan it . it 's a record , with date . adolf so long ago so much have happen ... ( he search through papers ) I know I declare war on the United States December eleven -- one week after the first defeat in Russia ... adolf ( cont would ) ( he stand and pace ) I be desperate to transcend the agony ... to appear strong . ( consider ) maybe I need to say ... " Men may see my action as atrocity of epic proportion . I see they as a way to relieve tension . " or ... " in a mere fortnight , I seal Germany 's military and moral fate . " 1 or... ( pause ) ... let 's just leave it the way it be . still unsettle , ponder the dilemma , Adolf hand back to the typist the piece of paper contain the explanation for kill the Jews . the typist study it for several long beat . 144 at the open in the wall Adolf lean down , as close to the open as he 's ever be . adolf ( anxious ) why do man act as they do ? Adolf ponder this , then reassert he will . adolf people act out of fear . every time ... ( straighten ) fear and self preservation . the presence on the other side remain silent . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.105 145 file box full of folder with increase desperation . Adolf flip through folder full of unsorted photograph . desperately search . push in on he face . SNAP , SNAP , SNAP he put the photo down like deal card . this pile , that pile . he jerk he head around , look off screen , paranoid . SNAP SNAP ... more photo . the wood stove door flip open . photo drop in , catch fire . adolf after 1941 , I rarely speak in public . ( look at more photo ) no more adulation ... he look at a few more photo . adolf I would not waiver ... my place in man 's memory depend on a consistent presentation ... I would be a martyr to my historic destiny . adolf all that remain be to perform the denouement ... SNAP , SNAP , SNAP more photo get sort . folder full of writings be grab up , sort through . Adolf push he hair back , turn to someone off screen . adolf destroy Warsaw . burn Paris . fade out . 146 fade in : adolf , stand stiff , arm out Adolf gesture with two finger , he arm shaking with will . adolf ( at the typist ) no , no . I be a artist and a german nationalist ! I never kill a single person with my own hand ! my whole life be the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.106 dedicated to fight the schemer who plotted to take over the world ! he smack he fist into he hand . then whip it down . the typist , appear behind Adolf and whisper into he ear . typist you every aversion mature to a murderous extravaganza . 149 a aryan bust a hand squinch through the top of its clay head . 146a the jailer' dog snarl menacingly behind its muzzle the german shepherd strain at the end of its leash , focus on something off screen , coiled to attack . the jailer 's hand slowly unbuckle the dog 's muzzle . he then unhook its leash ! the dog lunge , jaw snapping . 147 CUT to : goering stand still , fat in a garish dress uniform his sword be huge . Adolf walk up behind he , as if at a inspection . the lens make goer look like a hog . goer suck in he gut . Hitler walk behind he , knock off he hat . adolf you be a embarrassment . rip off a epaulette , then another one ... medal , he ceremonial sword ... adolf you be a pathetic heap of flesh . and you mismanagement of the luftwaffe ... eine affenschande - shameful even for a monkey . suddenly , Adolf jerk a hand around goer 's head , hook goer 's mouth with he index finger , yank he around to face he . adolf ( in he ear , menace ) you fat oaf . 150 adolf , very partially lit the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.107 he 's crouch by a primitive portion of the cell , painting on the wall with crude tool . the image be part man , part beast ( antler grow from its head , inspire by von stuck ) . adolf I devoure past and future . I devoure .... I fuse the symbolic with the real . I exude spiritual terror . on the SOUND track : a mad scream , that become a screech , a distant voice , howling -- the agony of a man and of all mankind . time be warpe into slow motion . fade to black 148 goebbel rehearse a hitler speech in a three - side mirror with self - righteous rage . look debonair in he leather coat and he party hat . be he mock the fuhrer , or rehearse to take the fuhrer 's place on the stage ? goebbel ( speech voice ) nazism and Christianity be base on the same idea that one individual could provide salvation . a simple man could work a miracle of enlightenment and faith in a world of skepticism and despair ! Goebbels stop , examine he final pose for effect . he stop when he hear a voice behind he . adolf you , too , Goebbels ? a juda . a Jew . adolf step into the light . Goebbels turn cautiously to he . 151 omitted 152 adolf chant near the open in the wall the light through the open be as dim as it 's ever be . adolf ( rhythmically , chant ) there be not a drop of jewish blood in my vein . my father be a great man . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.108 the photo with my hand fold over my groin have nothing to do with any genital peculiarity . never do I use my official position to amass great personal wealth . what I do be for the good of Germany . the Jews cause World War ii , not I . the rumor that I have woman urinate on I be totally unfounded . the relentless lie tell about I , a simple and straight - forward man , be great than ever tell about any man in history . Adolf wait and wait for any sign whatsoever ... he close he eye , full of self - torment . freud ( 0.s. ) you be in pain . blood rush to Adolf 's cheek . anger swell . he whirl ( slow - motion ) . adolf lie ! Adolf fight to control it . adolf come here , Freud . look at my new Jerusalem . the new Germany . CUT to : the thick , angular architecture of the city , end on the giant tower . Freud take all this in , nodd . Adolf hate this . freud ( still try to help ) and about this rage ...? push in to Adolf 's ear as cheer and chant from passionate crowd rise in deafening echoe . in a explosion of rage , Adolf slam he fist down on germania , the model city , destroy a corner portion of it . superimpose : faint trace of a church exploding in flame the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.109 dissolve to : freud face . he gaze at Adolf empathetically . Adolf misread Freud 's reaction as be unimpress . enrage , he lift thor 's Hammer into frame . Freud continue to gaze back at he . Adolf menacingly raise the hammer higher . be he go to destroy germania ? the hammer move in slow motion through black space . the camera follow it to its destination : Freud -- visible just long enough for we to recognize he image . then ... smash ! Freud be shattered . the piece of glass recede - in slow motion - into total blackness . this take a long time . 153 series of image relating to adolf' rising anxiety ( note : this image be not on the cell screen ) Adolf rub he hand , as if to rub off a stain . the " Nordic nugget " child hold hand , one look back , afraid , then they run away . ( from Adolf ) interwoven into : where the wall meet the floor , moisture seep through into small , dark - red puddle ... the surface of the wall glisten . dissolve to : wet paint on the self - portrait canvas . much of the paint have be wipe away . revealed underneath the paint be a photograph . extremely close : the needle of the syringe as be suck up a milky drug with spot in it a distant woman' scream . not pain , but existential angst . sound : loud battle , explosion , machine gun fire , man yell , scream . the blonde transvestite . glorious Germany in ruin . march soldier superimpose over symmetrical grave yard . the concentration camp prisoner who Adolf speak to in the booth in the cell . a vial of Adolf 's blood smash . a vestige of a mask be peel off , revealing only another mask . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.110 grotesque painting by the surrealist , otto dix . Adolf 's mother . swastikas . contort dead , freeze soldier . Adolf 's body with no head , only a backbone stick up where the neck use to be . Glass break . germania burn . image where freakish Nazis appear , look inbred , deform . image we have see earlier on the screen , flip , off center . Hitler 's image salute , and then slide off the cell screen . costume and prop of Nazi era . out -take photo , like the shot of Adolf in process of sit down . the syringe plunger be press in . press in again . again . 154 the camera pan from blackness to adolf' hand hold the handle of thor 's Hammer . after a beat , he release it . the handle drift away from the hand , to the right of frame , then off frame . Adolf pick up a piece of mirror . see he reflection on it . a awkward composition . a tired , anguish face . there be stubble on he chin , he hair be out of place . his uniform be unbuttone . at the edge of we frame , a slice of Adolf 's profile appear , just more than a bare outline , Adolf look at himself in the glass . ( lighting on the background barely fade up ) Adolf gaze into the glass , then turn away . he see Freud sit in the room just as before , not " shattered . " on adolf : he react .... stunne . distorted grinding metal fill the sound track . 155 high - wide shot - adolf pacing around in panic adolf I be .... I can not find ... ( suddenly shout out ) I be Hitler ! sieg Heil ! in the background on cell screen : fragment image . panic . camera follow , hand held . Adolf blurt out partial sentence , break stream of consciousness . ( most be " internal monologue " , i.e. , we only occasionally see he lip move when he speak . ) the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.1411 he grab for loose file , flip urgently through they , then drop the papers . the typist just stare blankly back . adolf power ... infinite . if I could just ... discipline ! iam ... A. Hitler ... thousand year ... thousand ... ! Reich ! destroyer ! masculine ... the Immortal ...! he stop , stare at he reflection in the cell 's mirror . frown . twice he jerk he head , as if to orient himself . adolf but I ... this can not .... he weaken . the panic subside . he wait for a clear think before speak again . tiny shock wave pulse through he brain . he gain control over syntax , but he voice fluctuate from soft and dron to percussive outburst . adolf every .... every .. person .... every nation must be as granite in this terrible world ... a man need strength in the face of danger ; woman need protection . adolf ( cont would ) a man build himself from nothing . all life be pay for with blood . boldness have genius . boldness have genius . I must be a harsh master . he end up near the open in the wall , he back to it . he lean over , put he hand on he knee and pants for air like a sprinter runner who can not catch he breath . after several long moment : adolf when you ... when you say people act from either love or hate ... what do ... people want immorality ... immortality . I ... I do not understand ... the camera pan over to the open in the wall . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.112 no response . it pan back to Adolf . he begin to lose control again . adolf I create myself ...! a violent spasm shoot through he body , he muscle clenching as he nerve misfire . his limb contort , as if in seizure . he try to speak ... nothing come out ... he open he mouth ... and scream . we see the scream in he redden face , only we do not hear the sound . then , gasp ... adolf iam .... I create my ...! great self ! iam ... A. Hitler ... thousand year ... thousand ... ! Reich ! destroyer ! power ... infinitely infinite . Beyond the infinite . Adolf wave he hand with contempt , walk away . adolf ( under he breath ) ridiculous . lies ! he stop , turn back , then walk away again . he exhaust himself ... gather he breath again , and call out , weakly . adolf Eva . Adolf tighten grotesquely , like a warpe human spring . then he limb snap out , uncoil violently . CUT to : a membrane ... Adolf tear through it towards we ... adolf ( shout ) eva !! Adolf try to walk away , but he have lose much body control . 156 a field of white slide down the frame revealing twin white field . we realize it 's the hem of Eva 's slip , slide down frame , revealing she thigh . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.113 another angle : still look down , but from a position 180 degree around from the last ( so the hem be move up ) . a dark object move up frame behind the hem . eventually , we realize it 's the back of Adolf 's head , nestle face down , childlike , between Eva 's white thigh , a soft , safe refuge ( we do not see Eva 's face ) . a image flash : the swarthy face move down , down . finally , Eva 's lace - cover breast appear at the bottom of frame . the swarthy face move to it . back in the cell Adolf yank up as the camera wrench down to he level . his face fill we frame - a picture of rage . seethe rage . the horror of horror . 157 the blonde woman in her aquarium she look up to see : adolf . he walk with determination , swing he fore - arm , smashes the glass . Water cascade out . Adolf stand in the middle , look around for the woman . a apparition , she be go . on the sound track : distant howl . horrible human destruction . 158 camera be high angle , straight down on adolf he 's stand , look up at we , almost into the lens , he face knotted in physical / mental agony . the camera begin to twist on lens axis . room spin . 159 glob of white liquid float slowly through the air . the cell wall appear in the background . the camera lyrically follow the glob down until the high -point , majestic tip of germania appear at the bottom of the frame . its broad vista and magnificent structure spread out before we as " rain " pour upon it , sparkling in a back - light dance . dissolve through slow motion angle of " rain " fall on various part of germania - street , tank , church , etc . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.114 the " rain " be unusual . it wet one section , then circle to another , as if a single , dark cloud dance overhead . when germania be soak , the deluge stop . quiet return . Music from wagner 's gotterdammerung rise up . we hear a distant rumble . a brilliant explosion of light in the foreground white out the bottom portion of we frame . then resolve to a single flame . a long , wooden match with a hardy flame be poise in Adolf 's shaking finger . it move towards germania , and the gasoline - soak miniature city explode into flame . adolf' face - alight with flickering light the flame consume the model . dissolve to : series of abstract shot of flame flare . Fire storm . wall of fire . slow motion , fast motion , step -print . superimpose : texture of blonde hair blow , blend almost subliminally with the flame . it suddenly blacken . dissolve to : 160 on the cell -screen - moving image of defeated german german soldier starve in the snow in Russia . ghostly , hollow - out face . prisoner of war behind barb wire . Adolf walk close to the open in the wall , lean down towards the light come through . adolf ( 0.s. ) what do the future bring ? in a corner of the cell : a puddle of red liquid grow steadily , now . the outer pressure be great . human bone become visible in the wall as mortar fall away . on the cell screen : other image that show the suffer of german people . not just soldier : Generals . civilian man , out of work , homeless . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.115 adolf ( 0.s. ) no one question I . further and further down the path ... no one say stop ... the whole apparatus say yes , go on . woman in rag . orphane child . slow down , step -print , almost " still " . other be still . on the screen : Children with they hand up be hold by a machine - gun tote soldier ; woman cry . adolf ( 0.s . ) repeating cycle of affirmation . echo . echo . it be all so abstract . live space , the racial theory . Aesthetics . at a parade , a small girl cry , Adolf pat she cheek . adolf ( 0.s. ) I never touch the suffer . I keep it so distant ... the footage slow almost to a freeze . extreme close on Adolf 's face . he turn to look almost directly at we , so that one bloodshot eye fill the middle of the frame . dissolve to : another angle of Adolf , look up a bit , face we , the eye of the outgo shot dissolve such that it 's over he forehead , and a little bit bigger than the eye in the income shot . ( " third eye of expand perception " ) red-liquid seepage at the corner of the cell turn to steady drip , then to red rivulet . Red liquid run down the bio - texture wall . crack appear in the ceiling ... plaster crumble from the ceiling and upper wall . distant scream . Adolf look up . on the screen : image of death . Dead soldier in the snow . two dead man lie on a sidewalk in a ghetto . Men with a wood cart pick they up , join other cart of dead people . Soldiers open fire on helpless civilian hold shovel , who fall into grave they have dig themselves . woman drag thin dead body through ash , dump they on pile of other dead . bulldozer push naked dead body into pit . on adolf : he see . maybe for the first time , he see . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.116 he move closer and closer . until , as we look at he from behind , he be surround by death . we push past he to the screen . the image slow down ; so they be even more unavoidable . slow dissolve : Adolf 's face ( during the long dissolve , he face be superimpose over the image of death ) . he back towards the wall , he hand out to keep himself from fall against it . when he 's press against the stone , no where else to go , he 's force again to face the screen . we see he hand grope the wall behind he , as if unconsciously look for a way to climb up it . we notice shape in the wall : bone , perhaps the eye-socket of a skull , barely protrude from the " stone " of the wall ( like dinosaur bone in a archaeological dig . ) finally , Adolf glance at the place where he hand seek a hold , see that it 's a skull . he 's surround by bone . his hand be cover in blood . Adolf 's eye expand , almost beyond normal size ( exaggerated optically ) , as they absorb the horror . he open he mouth unnaturally wide ( exaggerated optically ) to scream . we freeze he face , mid-scream , just as the scream begin on the sound track fade to black . another scream , and then another , and then another , each overlap the previous , each louder and more horrific , more animalistic than the last . as if he will scream forever . as the scream echo ... dissolve to : 161 a prison wall begins to collapse as the stone and mortar collapse , bone and corpse imbed into the wall be reveal . they collapse with the wall . then another , bone and rock and mortar , collapse . yet another . the scream continue . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.117 a red torrent crash in , as if from a damn break . the red flood sweep up everything in its path : the flag , the uniform mannequin , the painting , the sculpture , the file . the typewriter . the flood rush over we . all be lose . fade to black : 162 slowly pull out and back from the blackness until we see that the black be that of a pupil . we keep back out , to see the iris , then the whole eye . eventually , we have pull out to Adolf 's face , which be now gaunt , hollow . he be older . his hair be grayer , thin , longer . his skin be dry , talc-like . age . the only sound : his breathing . until ... the camera rise up to see that Adolf be slump in a near- fetal position , in the far corner of the cell , small and vulnerable . he be down to he trousers and a tear , stain shirt . slowly rock himself . he be without will . spineless . ( asa drunk wallowing in the street , or a man in a mental institution who 's lose all trace of human spirit ) . adolf' hand slowly reach out , slide across the floor of the cell . higher , wider angle the cell , totally empty except for Adolf . we see that the cell , dry now , be completely empty . barren . washed clean of every last scrap of Adolf 's trapping and " history . " the screen in the background be pitch black , a black rectangle against a slightly lighter wall . emptiness . the wall appear to be make of cloth , with the texture and color of the earlier rigid wall paint on they . torn and gape in place , they billow in a mysterious breeze . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.118 the light be flat ... stark ... dim . no drama or dynamism to it whatsoever . close on adolf there 's a long , pause . the sense of a presence on the other side of the wall , through the open , be slightly great ( strongest light and music motif ) . we hear Adolf 's voice , but he lip do not move . adolf ( v.o. ) all this madness ... the destruction ... the human suffer ... he can barely speak . chill , he shiver . adolf I too be trap in the whirlwind we create ... a empty mirror fill with hate . Adolf turn , look up toward the open in the wall , where the light emanate . the light be whiter , more intense . adolf ( v.o. ) I expect God to reach down ( gesture ) and stop I ... but he never do ... we dissolve to the open in the wall . we dissolve back to Adolf . he listen for a answer , make no move . we dissolve back to the open in the wall : silence . adolf please .... please say something ... please help I . only more silence . from off screen : the SOUND of the projector 163 on the screen : slow motion hitler speak from on high impassion . enrage . the quintessential Hitler , but in total silence . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.119 adolf , in the cell , stand close to the screen , he head tilt back to look up at the cell - screen from a extremely oblique angle . on the screen : his image tower above he . in the cell : Adolf step into the projector 's beam , he shadow fall on the cell - screen . in contrast with Hitler on the screen , Adolf 's rigid spine of will have curve and slouched with age . he turn toward the projector , he historical image project onto he face in the cell . he squint into the light , move slowly toward it . on the screen behind he : more quintessential Hitler from the day of he rise to power . on the SOUND track : distorted music , effect and speech derive from source such as wagner , parade cheer , rally chant , Hitler 's speech , and bonfire , etc ... we hear in the score strain of " die irae . " ( the music of death ) . adolf' Pov : a small circle of white against a black field . the circle get larger as he move toward the projector . on adolf : the projector 's flicker slow so that we see the black / white contrast clearly . ( we hear a slow motorize click on sound track ) . his expression be strangely calm . the light be so bright as he approach , Adolf 's figure begin to white out entirely . angle from behind adolf Ray of light knife between he arm and leg as he move , outline he , blast outward like laser beam . adolf be almost totally white . the tempo of flash light on he be at its slowest . the chatter of the machine be a high -pitch pounding ... 164 there be a sudden flash of brilliant white . the explosion of light and sound be follow by fuzzy smear of shadow and light . on adolf the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.120 he continue on , directly towards a strange mechanism at the end of a dark tunnel . project onto he : vibrate , out -of -focus smear of shadow and light . adolf from behind adolf Beyond he , we see for the first time : the film gate . a large frame , about six foot high by ten foot wide . behind it be bright light , filter now by the color and pattern streaking through the " gate . " above the gate be half of the next " frame " . below , half of the last . the shadowy , nondescript machinery make loud , distorted noise , as dreamlike as the image . Adolf approach in slow motion . ( when he blink or move , it be surreal , haunt ) . 165 a few feet from the film plane Adolf stop . the image cease streaking and become visible at normal speed . mostly , they be image that represent the " illusion " create by the Adolf and the Nazi party , all of which we have study throughout the film : rally , parade , flag , uniform , etc ... the image change every three or four second . Adolf reach out one hand , and slow the image , so that we see the figure move at about half speed . he put out both hand . now we see they move at quarter speed . he slow the image even more , so that we almost see each individual frame slam into the gate , then hold there , then yank away and replace by the next . angle from behind adolf , looking at film plane he pull back , pause . the image speed up again . he reach in a finger and let he fingernail scrape the film . the film scratch , transmit a jag streak of white light . with increase confidence , and a consistently calm attitude , Adolf now lean back , close he hand together ( almost prayer - like ) , and firmly push they through the film , split , release more white light . the image part like water come down a waterfall . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.121 the shape of the tear suggest the shape of the open in the wall . the light beam through it , just as it do from the open in the wall , only a hundred time brighter . close on adolf' face - fear , apprehension ... but also eagerness , hope . Adolf spread he hand apart , use considerable effort to widen the rend in the elastic film , split the film in two . brilliant white light flare the lens , almost white out we entire frame . Adolf close he hand again , then open he palm against the flow , to force open the rend to about three time the width of the first open . he lean toward the open . the light gushes through , onto Adolf . there be a chorus of voice . for a moment , Adolf look directly into the light , but quickly grimace at its unbearable purity and brilliance . he squint he eye , turn away , unable to look into it , and raise he hand to block the intense ray . the instant he let go of the rip film strip to shield he eye , the film -strip curtain close , again filter out the light . the image on the film strip once again take shape . on adolf' back he take a moment to recover from the trauma of the light . when he have , he turn toward we . as he look at we ( into the lens ) we push slowly closer . the expression on he face be one of profound realization , and extreme sadness and anguish . ( slow -motion ) on the sound track : dissonant music , distant human scream . optical : the film frame zoom back slightly , create a thin , but slowly expand border around the last shot . ( like a chinese box within a chinese box ) we dissolve into a actual photo of the man ( or live action ) . then dissolve to red . the empty mirror - final production script - June 5 , 1995 p.122 dissolve to white . then to black . then to white . then to swirling grain the end . black credit roll over white " the filmmaker wish to acknowledge a variety of great work of literature from which a modest number of line of dialogue be borrow . "