monty python be the meaning of life write by and star graham chapman * JOHN cleese terry gilliam * terry jone eric idle * michael palin direct by terry jone animation & special sequence by terry gilliam produce by JOHN goldstone first Fish : Morning . second Fish : Morning . third Fish : Morning . fourth Fish : Morning . third Fish : Morning . first Fish : Morning . second Fish : Morning . fourth Fish : what 's new ? first Fish : not much . fifth and Sixth Fish : Morning . the other : Morning , morning , morning . first Fish : Frank be just ask what 's new . fifth Fish : be he ? first Fish : yeah . uh huh ... third Fish : hey , look . Howard 's be eat . second Fish : be he ? [ they move forward to watch a waiter serve a large grill fish to a large man . ] second Fish : make you think do not it ? fourth Fish : I mean ... what 's it all about ? fifth Fish : beat I . why be we here , what be life all about ? be God really real , or be there some doubt ? well tonight we be go to sort it all out , for tonight it 's the meaning of life . what 's the point of all this hoax ? be it the chicken and egg time , be we all just yolk ? or perhaps , we be just one of God 's little joke , well can c'est the meaning of life . be life just a game where we make up the rule while we be search for something to say or be we just simple spiralling coil of self - replicate DNA ? what be life ? what be we fate ? be there Heaven and Hell ? do we reincarnate ? be mankind evolve or be it too late ? well tonight here 's the meaning of life . for million this life be a sad vale of tear sitting round with really nothing to say while scientist say we be just simply spiralling coil of self - replicate DNA . so just why , why be we here ? and just what , what , what , what do we fear ? well ce soir , for a change , it will all be make clear , for this be the meaning of life - c'est le sen de la vie - this be the meaning of life . the meaning of life ------------------- part I the MIRACLE of birth [ Hospital corridor . a mother - to - be be be wheeled very fast down the corridor on a trolley , which crash through several set of door . a nurse with she slip into a consultant 's room , where one doctor be throw beer mat through the crooked arm of another . ] first Doctor : one thousand and eight ! nurse : Mrs Moore 's contraction be more frequent , doctor . first Doctor : good . take she into the foetus-frightening room . nurse : right . [ they pass through the delivery room . ] first Doctor : bit bare in here today . be not it ? second Doctor : yeee . first Doctor : more apparatus please , nurse . nurse : yes doctor . first Doctor : yes , the eeg , the BP monitor and the avv , please . second Doctor : and get the machine that go ' ping ' ! first Doctor : and get the most expensive machine in case the administrator come . [ apparatus start pour into the room . the mother be lose behind various bit of equipment . ] first Doctor : that 's better , that 's much better . second Doctor : yeeee . more like it . first Doctor : still something miss , though . [ they think hard for a few moment . ] first and second doctor : patient ? second Doctor : where 's the patient ? first Doctor : anyone see the patient ? second Doctor : patient ! nurse : ah , here she be . first Doctor : bring she round . second Doctor : mind the machine ! first Doctor : come along ! second Doctor : jump up there . hup ! first Doctor : hallo ! now , do not you worry . second Doctor : we will soon have you cure . first Doctor : leave it all to we , you will never know what hit you . first and second doctor : Goodbye , goodbye ! drip up ! injection . second Doctor : can I put the tube in the baby 's head ? first Doctor : only if I can do the epesiotomy . second Doctor : okay . first Doctor : now , leg up . [ the leg be put in the stirrup , while the doctor open the door opposite . ] first and second doctor : come on . come on , all of you . that 's it , jolly good . come on . come on . spread round there . [ a small horde enter , largely medical but with two japanese with camera and video equipment . the first doctor bump into a man . ] first Doctor : who be you ? man : I be the husband . first Doctor : I be sorry . only people involved be allow in here . [ the husband leave . ] Mrs Moore : what do I do ? second Doctor : yes ? Mrs Moore : what 's that for ? [ she point to a machine . ] first Doctor : that 's the machine that go ' ping ' ! [ it go ' ping ' . ] first Doctor : you see . it mean that you baby be still alive . second Doctor : and that 's the most expensive machine in the whole hospital . first Doctor : yes , it cost over three quarter of a million pound . second Doctor : be not you lucky ! nurse : the administrator 's here , doctor . first Doctor : switch everything on ! [ they do so . everything flash and beep and thud . enter the administrator ...] administrator : Morning , gentleman . first and second doctor : Morning Mr pycroft . administrator : very impressive . what be you do this morning ? first Doctor : it 's a birth . administrator : and what sort of thing be that ? second Doctor : well , that 's when we take a new baby out of a lady 's tummy . administrator : wonderful what we can do nowadays . ah ! I see you have the machine that go ' ping ' . this be my favourite . you see we lease this back to the company we sell it to . that way it come under the monthly current budget and not the capital account . [ they all applaud . ] thank you , thank you . we try to do we best . well , do carry on . [ he leave . ] nurse : oh , the vulva 's dilating , doctor . first Doctor : yes , there 's the head . yes , four centimetre , five , six centimetre ... first and second doctor : light ! amplify the ping machine . mask up ! suction ! eye down for a full house ! here it come ! [ the baby arrive . ] first Doctor : and frighten it ! [ they grab the baby , hold it upside down , slap it , poke tube up its nose , hose it with cold water . then the baby be place on a wooden chopping block and the umbilicus severe with a chopper . ] and the rough towel ! [ it be dry with rough towel . ] show it to the mother . [ it be show to the mother . ] first and second doctor : that 's enough ! right . sedate she , number the child . measure it , blood type it and ... * isolate * it . nurse : ok , show 's over . Mrs Moore : be it a boy or a girl ? first Doctor : now I think it 's a little early to start impose role on it , do not you ? now a world of advice . you may find that you suffer for some time a totally irrational feel of depression . pnd be what we doctor call it . so it 's lot of happy pill for you , and you can find out all about the birth when you get home . it 's available on betamax , vhs and Super 8 . the meaning of life ------------------- the MIRACLE of birth part 2 the third world Yorkshire [ a northern street . dad be march home . we see he house . a stork fly above it , and drop a baby down the chimney . ] dad : oh bloody hell . [ Inside the house . a pregnant woman be at the sink . with a cry a new -born baby , complete with umbilical cord , drop from between she leg onto the floor . ] mother : get that would you , deirdre ... girl : all right , mum . [ the girl take the baby . mum carry on . ] [ dad come up to the door and push it open sadly . Inside there be at least forty child , of various age , pack into the live room . ] mum : [ with tray ] whose teatime be it ? score of voice : I , mum ... mum : Vincent , tessa , Valerie , janine , martha , Andrew , Thomas , walter , Pat , Linda , Michael , evadne , Alice , Dominique , and sasha ... it 's you bedtime ! Children : [ all together ] oh , mum ! mum : do not argue ... Laura , Alfred , Nigel , Annie , Simon , amanda ... dad : wait ... [ they all listen . ] I have get something to tell the whole family . [ all stop ... a buzz of excitement . ] mum : [ to she nearest son ] Quick ... go and get the other in , Gordon ! [ Gordon go out . another twenty or so child enter the room . they squash in at the back as best they can . ] dad : the mill 's close . there 's no more work , we be destitute . [ lot of cry of ' oh no !'... ' cripe ' ... ' heck '... from around the room . ] I have get no option but to sell you all for scientific experiment . [ the child protest with heart-rend plea . ] no no , that 's the way it be my love ... blame the Catholic church for not let I wear one of that little rubber thing ... oh they have do some wonderful thing in they time , they preserve the might and majesty , even the mystery of the Church of Rome , the sanctity of the sacrament and the indivisible oneness of the trinity , but if they would let I wear one of the little rubber thing on the end of my cock we would not be in the mess we be now . Little Boy : could not mummy have wear some sort of pessary ? dad : not if we be go to remain member of the fastest grow religion in the world , my boy ... you see , we believe ... well , let I put it like this ... [ sing ] there be Jews in the world , there be buddhist , there be hindus and Mormons and then , there be that that follow Mohammed , but I have never be one of they ... I be a Roman Catholic , and have be since before I be bear , and the one thing they say about Catholic , be they will take you as soon as you be warm ... you do not have to be a six - footer , you do not have to have a great brain , you do not have to have any clothes on - you be a Catholic the minute dad come ... because ... every sperm be sacred , every sperm be great , if a sperm be waste , God get quite irate . Children : every sperm be sacred , every sperm be great , if a sperm be waste , God get quite irate . child : [ solo ] let the heathen spill theirs , on the dusty ground , God shall make they pay for , each sperm that can not be find . Children : every sperm be want , every sperm be good , every sperm be need , in you neighbourhood . mum : [ solo ] hindu , taoist , mormon , spill theirs just anywhere , but God love that who treat they semen with more care . Men neighbour : [ peer out of toilet ] every sperm be sacred , every sperm be great , woman neighbour : [ on wall ] if a sperm be waste , Children : God get quite irate . Priest : [ in church ] every sperm be sacred , bride and Groom : every sperm be good . nanny : every sperm be need . Cardinals : [ in pram ] in you neighbourhood ! Children : every sperm be useful , every sperm be fine , funeral cortege : God need everybody 's , first mourner : mine ! Lady mourner : and mine ! Corpse : and mine ! nun : [ solo ] though the pagan spill theirs , o 'er mountain , hill and plain , various artefact in a Roman Catholic souvenir shop : God shall strike they down for each sperm that 's spilt in vain . everybody : every sperm be sacred , every sperm be good , every sperm be need , in you neighbourhood . even more than everybody , include two fire - eater , a juggler , a clown at a piano and a stilt - walker riding a bicycle : every sperm be sacred , every sperm be great , if a sperm be waste , God get quite irate . [ everybody cheer ( include the fire - eater , the juggler , the clown at the piano and the stilt - walker riding the bicycle ) . firework go off , a chinese dragon be bring on and flag of all nation be unfurl overhead . ] [ back inside . ] dad : so you see my problem , little one ... I can not keep you here any longer . shout from the back : speak up ! dad : [ raise he voice ] I can not keep you here any longer ... God have bless we so much that I can not afford to feed you anymore . Boy : could not you have you ball cut off ...? dad : it 's not as simple as that Nigel ... God know all ... he would see through such a cheap trick . what we do to ourselves , we do to him ... Voice : you could have they pull off in a accident ? [ other voice suggest way he ball can be remove . ] dad : no ... no ... child ... I know you be try to help but believe I , my mind 's make up . I have give this long and careful think . and it 's medical experiment for the lot of you ... [ the child emerge sing a melancholy reprise of ' every sperm be Sacred . ' ] [ they be be watch from another Northern house . ] Mr blackitt : look at they , bloody Catholic . fill the bloody world up with bloody people they can not afford to bloody feed . Mrs blackitt : what be we dear ? Mr blackitt : Protestant , and fiercely proud of it ... Mrs blackitt : why do they have so many child ...? Mr blackitt : because every time they have sexual intercourse they have to have a baby . Mrs blackitt : but it 's the same with we , Harry . Mr blackitt : what d' you mean ...? Mrs blackitt : well I mean we have get two child and we have have sexual intercourse twice . Mr blackitt : that 's not the point ... we * could * have it any time we want . Mrs blackitt : really ? Mr blackitt : oh yes . and , what 's more , because we do not believe in all that papist claptrap we can take precaution . Mrs blackitt : what , you mean lock the door ...? Mr blackitt : no no , I mean , because we be member of the Protestant reformed Church which successfully challenge the autocratic power of the papacy in the mid-sixteenth century , we can wear little rubber device to prevent issue . Mrs blackitt : what do you mean ? Mr blackitt : I could , if I want , have sexual intercourse with you ... Mrs blackitt : oh , yes ... Harry ... Mr blackitt : and by wear a rubber sheath over my old feller I could ensure that when I come off ... you would not be impregnate . Mrs blackitt : ooh ! Mr blackitt : that 's what be a Protestant 's all about . that 's why it 's the church for I . that 's why it 's the church for anyone who respects the individual and the individual 's right to decide for he or herself . when Martin luther nail he protest up to the church door in 1517 , he may not have realise the full significance of what he be do . but four hundred year later , thanks to he , my dear , I can wear whatever I want on my John Thomas . and protestantism do not stop at the simple condom . oh no ! I can wear french ticklers if I want . Mrs blackitt : you what ? Mr blackitt : french ticklers ... Black mambos ... crocodile rib ... sheath that be design not only to protect but also to enhance the stimulation of sexual congress ... Mrs blackitt : have you get one ? Mr blackitt : have I get one ? well no ... but I can go down the road any time I want and walk into Harry 's and hold my head up high , and say in a loud steady voice : ' Harry I want you to sell I a * condom * . in fact today I think I will have a french tickler , for I be a Protestant ... ' Mrs blackitt : well why do not you ? Mr blackitt : but they ... [ he point at the stream of child still pour past the house .]... they cannot . because they church never make the great leap out of the Middle Ages , and the domination of alien episcopal supremacy ! the adventure of martin luther in reform-o-scope present by the Protestant Film Marketing board in association with sol. c. Ziegler , Andy rotbeiner and the people of Beirut germany in the grip of the 16th century a exciting and controversial examination of the Protestant reformer whose re-assessment of the role of the individual in Christian belief shook the foundation of a post - feudal Germany in the grip of the sixteenth century . it be a day much like any other in the quiet little town of wittenberg . mamie meyer be prepare fat for the evening meal when the full force of the reformation strike . [ a woman and two rather plain daughter be sit outside they house with bowl . a man arrive breathless . ] hymie : mamie ! Martin luther 's out ! [ consternation amongst the womenfolk . ] mamie : oh! Martin luther ! [ she hurry she daughter inside . ] do you get the suet , hymie ? hymie : oy vay - the suet I clean forget ! mamie : the suet you forget ! hymie : the lard , the fish oil , the butter fat , the drip , the wool grease I remember ... [ hand over the shopping ]... but the suet ... oy vay ... mamie : [ point to he head ] so what would keep up there ? adipose tissue ? hymie : look out ! here he come . [ mamie go inside shouting . ] mamie : Girls , girl ! you father forget the suet ! [ groan from the girl inside . ] [ Martin luther be at the gate . his ear prick up at the female voice . his eye flick from side to side . ] hymie : hallo Martin . Martin luther : where 's the john ? hymie : we do not have one . Martin luther : no john ? what d' you do ? hymie : we eat fat . Martin luther : and that stop you go to the john ? hymie : it 's a theory . Martin luther : yeah , but do it work ? hymie : we be not get no john . Martin luther : yeah , but d' you need to go ? hymie : you know how it be with theory - some day it 's fine ... maybe one , two ... three day ... and then just when it look like you be ready for to publish ... [ expression of resignation and disgust .]... whoosh ! you need a new kitchen floor . Martin luther : oh you should be so lucky ! [ a girl 's laugh from inside . Martin luther look up - alert . ] Martin luther : d' you need any clean inside ? hymie : oh no ... today it 's all go fine . Martin luther : oh well , how 's about show I the cutlery ? hymie : Martin - I get a woman and child in there . Martin luther : so there 's no problem ... I just look at a few spoon ... and ... [ Martin luther start to go in . hymie stop he . ] hymie : I get two girl in there , Martin ... you know what I mean . Martin luther : honest ! I do not look at you girl ! I do not even think about they ! there ! I put they out of my mind ! they arm , they neck ... they little leg ... and bosom ... I * wipe * from my mind . hymie : you just want to see spoon ? Martin luther : my life ! that 's what I want to see . hymie : I know I be go to regret this . Martin luther : no , listen ! cutlery be really my thing now . Girls with round breast be over for I . hymie : what be I do ? I know what 's go to happen . Martin luther : I will crouch behind you . [ he go in . Martin luther follow , crouching . ] hymie : mamie ! guess who 's come to see we ! mamie : hymie ! be you out of you mind already ? you know how old you daughter be ? hymie : he only want to see the spoon . mamie : what you have to bring he into my house for ? hymie : mamie , he do not even think about girl any more . Martin luther : Mrs meyer - as far as girl be concerned , I shot my wad ! mamie : you shot you * wad *? Martin luther : definitely - in - ately ... [ pause . ] mamie : which spoon you wanna view ? Martin luther : eh ... [ shrug ] ... I guess the soup spoon ... mamie : [ suddenly interested ] ah ! now they be good spoon . Martin luther : you get they arrange ? mamie : no , but I could arrange they for you . Martin luther : do not put yourself to no bother , Mrs meyer . mamie : it 's no bother ... I want for you to see that spoon like I would want to see they myself . Martin luther : oh you be too kind , Mrs meyer ... you could get you daughter to show I they ... mamie : hymie get he out of here . hymie : mamie , he only say for myrtle and audrey to show he the * spoon * . mamie : like you think I run some kind of bordello here ... Martin luther : Mrs meyer ! how can you say such a thing ? mamie : listen Martin luther ! I know what you want to do with my girl ! Martin luther : show I the spoon ... mamie : you want for they to pull up they shirt and then lean over the chair with they leg apart ... hymie : mamie do not get excited ... mamie : I be get excited ? it 's he that 's get excited ! Martin luther : my mind be on the spoon . mamie : but you can not stop think of that little girl over the chair . [ luther be struggle with himself . ] hymie : I get to go to the bathroom . mamie : [ grab he ] hymie ! I be a marry woman ! hymie : so ... just show he the spoon . [ hymie go . ] mamie : and you do not want to put nothing up I ? Martin luther : Mrs meyer - you read my mind . mamie : oh ... [ they go out discreetly . ] but despite the effort of Protestant to promote the idea of sex for pleasure , child continue to multiply everywhere . the meaning of life ------------------- part ii growth and learning [ a school chapel . ] headmaster : and spotteth twice they the camel before the third hour . and so the midianites go forth to Ram gilead in kadesh bilgemath by shor ethra regalion , to the house of gash - bil - betheul - bazda , he who bring the butter dish to balshazar and the tent peg to the house of rashomon , and there slew they the goat , yea , and place they the bit in little pot . here endeth the lesson . [ the headmaster close the bible. the chaplain rise . ] chaplain : let we praise god. oh Lord ... congregation : oh Lord ... chaplain : oooh you be so big ... congregation : oooh you be so big ... chaplain : so absolutely huge . congregation : so ab - solutely huge . chaplain : gosh , we be all really impressed down here I can tell you . congregation : gosh , we be all really impressed down here I can tell you . chaplain : forgive we , o Lord , for this dreadful toadying . congregation : and bareface flattery . chaplain : but you be so strong and , well , just so super . congregation : fan - tastic . headmaster : amen . now two boy have be find rub linseed oil into the school cormorant . now some of you may feel that the cormorant do not play a important part in the life of the school but I remind you that it be present to we by the Corporation of the town of sudbury to commemorate Empire Day , when we try to remember the name of all that from the sudbury area so gallantly give they life to keep China british . so from now on the cormorant be strictly out of bound . oh ... and Jenkins ... apparently you mother die this morning . [ he turn to the chaplain . ] chaplain . [ the congregation rise and the chaplain lead they in sing . ] chaplain and congregation : oh Lord , please do not burn we , do not grill or toast you flock , do not put we on the barbecue , or simmer we in stock , do not braise or bake or boil we , or stir-fry we in a wok ... oh please do not lightly poach we , or baste we with hot fat , do not fricassee or roast we , or boil we in a vat , and please do not stick thy servant Lord , in a rotissomat ... [ a classroom . the boy be sit quietly study . ] Boy : he 's come ! [ pandemonium break out . the headmaster walk in . ] headmaster : all right , settle down , settle down . [ he put he papers down . ] now before I begin the lesson will that of you who be play in the match this afternoon move you clothes down on to the lower peg immediately after lunch before you write you letter home , if you be not get you hair cut , unless you have get a young brother who be go out this weekend as the guest of another boy , in which case collect he note before lunch , put it in you letter after you have have you hair cut , and make sure he move you clothes down onto the lower peg for you . now ... wymer : Sir ? headmaster : yes , wymer ? wymer : my young brother 's go out with dibble this weekend , sir , but I be not have my hair cut today sir , so do I move my clothes down or ... headmaster : I do wish you would listen , wymer , it 's perfectly simple . if you be not get you hair cut , you do not have to move you brother 's clothes down to the lower peg , you simply collect he note before lunch after you have do you scripture prep when you have write you letter home before rest , move you own clothes on to the lower peg , greet the visitor , and report to Mr viney that you have have you chit sign . now , sex ... sex , sex , sex , where be we ? [ silence from form . a lot of hard think of the type indulge by schoolboy who know they do not know the answer . ] well , have I get as far as the penis enter the vagina ? pupil : er... er ... no sir . no we do not , sir . headmaster : well have I do foreplay ? pupil : ... yes sir . headmaster : well , as we all know about foreplay no doubt you can tell I what the purpose of foreplay be ... bigg . bigg : do not know , sorry sir . headmaster : Carter . Carter : er... be it take you clothes off , sir ? headmaster : and after that ? wymer : put they on the lower peg sir ? [ headmaster throw a board duster at he and hit he . ] headmaster : the purpose of foreplay be to cause the vagina to lubricate so that the penis can penetrate more easily . Watson : could we have a window open please sir ? headmaster : yes ... Harris will you ?... and , of course , to cause the man 's penis to erect and har ... den. now , do I do vaginal juice last week oh do pay attention wadsworth , I know it 's Friday afternoon oh watch the football be you boy - right move over there . I be warning you I may decide to set a exam this term . pupil : oh sir ... headmaster : so just listen ... now do I or do I not do vaginal juice ? pupil : yes sir . headmaster : name two way of get they flow , Watson . Watson : rubbing the clitoris , sir . headmaster : what 's wrong with a kiss , boy ? hm ? why not start she off with a nice kiss ? you do not have to go leaping straight for the clitoris like a bull at a gate . give she a kiss , boy . wymer : suck the nipple , sir . headmaster : good. good. good , well do , wymer . duckworth : stroke the thigh , sir . headmaster : yes , I suppose so . another : bite the neck . headmaster : good . nibbling the ear . knead the buttock , and so on and so forth . so we have all this possibility before we stampede towards the clitoris , Watson . Watson : yes sir . sorry sir . headmaster : all this form of stimulation can now take place . [ the headmaster pull the bed down . ] ... and of course tongue will give you the best idea of how the juice be come along . [ call . ] helen ... now penetration and coitus , that be to say intercourse up to and include orgasm . [ Mrs Williams have enter . ] ah hallo , dear . [ the pupil have shuffle more or less to they foot . ] * do * stand up when my wife enter the room , Carter . Carter : oh sorry , sir . sorry . Mrs Williams : humphrey , I hope you do not mind , but I tell the garfield we * would * dine with they tonight . headmaster : [ start to disrobe ] yes , yes , I suppose we must ... Mrs Williams : [ take off she clothes ] I say we would be there by eight . headmaster : well at least it will give I a reason to wind up the staff meeting . Mrs Williams : well I know you do not like they but I could not make another excuse . headmaster : [ he 's get he shirt off ] well it 's just that I feel - wymer . this be for you benefit . will you kindly wake up . I have no intention of go through this all again . [ the boy be no more interested than they be in the last lesson on the binomial theorem , though they pretend , as usual . ] now we will take the foreplay as read , if you do not mind , dear . Mrs Williams : no of course not , humphrey . headmaster : so the man start by enter , or mount he good lady wife in the standard way . the penis be now as you will observe more or less fully erect . there we be . ah that 's better . now ... Carter . Carter : yes sir . headmaster : what be it ? Carter : it 's a ocarina ... sir . headmaster : bring it up here . the man now start make thrust movement with he pelvic area , move the penis up and down inside the vagina so ... put it there boy , put it there ... on the table ... while the wife maximize she clitoral stimulation by the shaft of the penis by push forward , thank you dear ... now as sexual excitement mount ... what 's funny bigg ? bigg : oh , nothing sir . headmaster : oh do please share you little joke with the rest of we ... I mean , obviously something frightfully funny 's go on ... bigg : no , honestly , sir . headmaster : well as it 's so funny I think you would better be select to play for the boy ' team in the rugby match against the master this afternoon . bigg : [ look horrify ] oh no , sir . the meaning of life ------------------- part III fighting each other bigg : [ now a soldier - in - arm ] o.k. blackitt , sturridge and Walters you take the bugger on the leave flank . hordern , spadger and I will go for the gunpost . blackitt : [ a deptford cockney ] hang on , you will never make it , sir ... let we come with you ... bigg : do as you be tell man . blackitt : righto , skipper . [ he start to go , then stop . ] oh , sir , sir ... if we ... if we do not meet again ... sir , I would just like to say it 's be a real privilege fight alongside you , sir ... [ they be continually ducking as bullet fly past they and shell burst overhead . ] bigg : yes , well I think this be hardly the time or place for a goodbye speech ... eh ... [ bigg be clearly anxious to go . ] blackitt : no , I , and the lad realise that but ... well ... we may never meet again , sir , so ... bigg : all right , blackitt , thanks a lot . blackitt : no just a mo , sir ! you see I and the lad have a little whip -round , sir , and we buy you something , sir ... we buy you this , sir ... [ he produce a handsome ormolu clock from he pack . bigg be at a loss for word . he be continually ducking . ] bigg : well , I do not know what to say ... it 's a lovely think ... thank you ... thank you * all *... but I think we would better ... get to cover now ... [ he start to go . ] blackitt : hang on a tick , sir , we get something else for you as well , sir . [ two of the other emerge from some bush with a grandfather clock . ] sorry it 's another clock , sir ... only there be a bit of a mix - up ... Walters think *he* be buy the present , and spadger and I have already get the other one . bigg : well it 's beautiful ... they be both beau - [ a bullet suddenly shatter the face of the grandfather clock . ] ... but I think we would better get to cover now , and I will thank you properly later ... [ bigg start to go again but blackitt have not finish . ] blackitt : and corporal sturridge get this for you as well , sir . he do not know about the other , sir - it 's swiss . [ he hand over a wristwatch . ] bigg : well now that be thoughtful , sturridge . good man . [ a shell burst right overhead . bigg fling himself down into the mud . ] blackitt : and there 's a card , sir ... from all of we ... [ he produce a blood-splatter envelope . ]... sorry about the blood , sir . bigg : thank you all . [ he pocket it and try to go on . ] blackitt : squad , three cheer for Captain bigg . hip hip - all : hooray ! blackitt : hip hip - all : hoor ... [ a almighty burst of machine - gun fire silence most of they ... blackitt be hit . ] bigg : blackitt ! blackitt ! blackitt : [ hurt ] ah ! I will be all right , sir ... oh there 's just one other thing , sir . spadge , give he the cheque ... spadger : oh yeah ... bigg : oh now this be really go to far ... spadger : I do not seem to be able to find it , sir ... [ explosion . ] er , it will be in number four trench ... I will go and get it . [ he start to crawl off . ] bigg : [ lose he cool ] oh ! for Christ 's sake forget it , man . [ the other all look at bigg after this outburst , as if they can not believe this ingratitude . ] blackitt : oh ! ah ! spadger : you should not have say that , sir . you have hurt he feeling now ... blackitt : do not mind I , spadge ... toff be all the same ... one minute it 's all ' please ' and ' thank you ' , the next they will kick you in the tooth ... Walters : let 's not give he the cake ... bigg : I do not want * any * cake ... spadger : look , blackitt cook it specially for you , you bastard . [ they all look at blackitt roll in the mud . ] sturridge : yeah , he save he ration for six week . bigg : I be sorry , I do not mean to be ungrateful ... blackitt : I will be all right . [ Shell crash . blackitt die . ] spadger : blackie ! blackie ! [ he turn to bigg with tear in he eye . ] look at he ... [ he pull up the supine form of blackitt . ] he work on that cake like no - one else I have ever know . [ he prop he in the mud again . ] some night it be so cold we could hardly move , but blackie would de out there - slice lemon , mixing the sugar and the almond ... I mean you try get butter melt at fifteen below zero ! there 's love in that cake ... [ he pick up blackitt again . ] this man 's love and this man 's care and this man 's - aarggh ! [ he get shot . ] [ bigg run over to they in horror . ] bigg : oh my Christ ! sturridge : you bastard . bigg : all right ! all right ! we will eat the cake . they be right ... it 's too good a cake not to eat . get the plate and knife , Walters ... Walters : yes , sir ... how many plate ? bigg : six . [ a shot ring out . Walters drop dead . ] bigg : er... no ... better make it five . sturridge : tablecloth , sir ...? bigg : yes , get the tablecloth ...! [ explosion . sturridge get shot . ] bigg : no no no , I will get the tablecloth and you would better get the gate - leg table , hordern . [ hordern be shot in the leg . ] hordern : I will bring two sir , in case one get scrumple ... [ suddenly we find this have all be a film , which a General now stop . ] General : well , of course , warfare be not all fun . right , stop that . it 's all very well to laugh at the military , but when one consider the meaning of life it be a struggle between alternative viewpoint of life itself . and without the ability to defend one 's own viewpoint against other perhaps more aggressive ideology then reasonableness and moderation could quite simply disappear . that be why we will always need a army and may God strike I down be it to be otherwise . [ the Hand of god descend and vaporize he . ] [ the audience of two old lady and two kid applaud hesitantly . ] [ outside the hut rsm whateverhisnameis be drilling a small squad of recruit . ] rsm : do not stand there gaw like you have never see the Hand of God before . now ! today we be go to do march up and down the square . that be unless any of you get anything better to do ? well , anyone get anything they would rather be do than march up and down the square ? [ atkinson put he hand up . ] yes ? atkinson ? what would you rather be do , atkinson ? atkinson : well to be quite honest , sarge , I would rather be at home with the wife and kid . rsm : would you now ? atkinson : yes , sarge . rsm : right off you go . [ atkinson go . ] now , everybody else happy with my little plan of march up and down the square a bit ? cole : sarge ... rsm : yes ? cole : I have get a book I would quite like to read ... rsm : right ! you go read you book then ! [ cole run off . ] now everybody else quite content to join in with my little scheme of march hup and down the square ? wycliff : sarge ? rsm : yes , wycliff , what be it ? wycliff : [ tentatively ] well ... I be ... er ... learn the piano ... rsm : [ with contempt ] ' learn the piano ' ? wycliff : yes , sarge ... rsm : and I suppose you want to go and practise eh ? march up and down the square not good enough for you , eh ? wycliff : well ... rsm : right ! off you go ! [ turn to the rest . ] now what about the rest of you ? Rather be at the picture I suppose . squad : ooh , yes , ooh rather . rsm : all right off you go . [ they go . ] bloody army ! I do not know what it 's come to ... right , sgt Major , march up and down the square ... left-right-left ... leave ... leave ... left-right-left ... [ the rsm march himself off into the distance of the barrack square . ] democracy and humanitarianism have always be tarde mark of the british Army and have stamp its triumph throughout history , in the furthest - flung corner of the Empire . but no matter where or when there be fight to be do , it have always be the calm leadership of the officer class that have make the british Army what it be . the first Zulu War . natal 1879 ( not Glasgow ) [ Inside a tent . ] pakenham - walsh : Morning ainsworth . ainsworth : Morning pakenham -walsh . pakenham - walsh : sleep well ? ainsworth : not bad . bitten to shred though . must be a hole in the bloody mosquito net . pakenham - walsh : yes , savage little blighter be not they ? first lieut chadwick : [ arrive ] Excuse I , sir . ainsworth : yes chadwick ? chadwick : I be afraid Perkins get rather badly bitten during the night . ainsworth : well so do we . huh . chadwick : yes , but I do think the doctor ought to see he . ainsworth : well go and fetch he , then . chadwick : right you be , sir . ainsworth : suppose I would better go along . come , pakenham ? pakenham - walsh : yes I suppose so . [ chadwick leave . ainsworth and pakenham - walsh thread they leisurely way through the line of assegais . pakenham - walsh 's valet be spear by a Zulu warrior but pakenham - walsh valiantly save he jacket from the mud . they enter Perkins 's tent . Perkins be on he camp bed . ] ainsworth : ah! Morning Perkins . Perkins : Morning sir . ainsworth : what 's all the trouble then ? Perkins : bitten sir . during the night . ainsworth : hm . Whole leg go eh ? Perkins : yes . [ as they talk , the din of battle continue outside . scream of die man , crackle of tent set on fire . ] ainsworth : how 's it feel ? Perkins : sting a bit . ainsworth : mmm . well it would , would not it . that 's quite a bite you have get there you know . Perkins : yes , real beauty be not it ? all : yes . ainsworth : any idea how it happen ? Perkins : none at all . complete mystery to I . woke up just now ... one sock too many . pakenham - walsh : you must have a hell of a hole in you net . ainsworth : hm . we have send for the doctor . Perkins : ooh , hardly worth it , be it ? ainsworth : oh yes ... better safe than sorry . pakenham - walsh : yes , good Lord , look at this . [ he indicate a gigantic hole in the mosquito net . ] ainsworth : by jove , that 's enormous . pakenham - walsh : you do not think it will come back , do you ? ainsworth : for more , you mean ? pakenham - walsh : yes . ainsworth : you be right . we would better get this stitched . pakenham - walsh : right . ainsworth : hallo doc. livingstone : [ enter the tent with chadwick ] Morning . I come as fast as I could . be something up ? ainsworth : yes , during the night old Perkins have he leg bitten sort of ... off . livingstone : ah hah !? be in the war have we ? Perkins : yes . livingstone : any headache , bowel all right ? well , let 's have a look at this one leg of yours then . [ look around under sheet ] yes ... yes ... yes ... yes ... yes ... yes ... well , this be nothing to worry about . Perkins : oh good . livingstone : there 's a lot of it about , probably a virus , keep warm , plenty of rest , and if you be play football or anything try and favour the other leg . Perkins : oh right ho . livingstone : be as right as rain in a couple of day . Perkins : thanks for the reassurance , doc . livingstone : not at all , that 's what I be here for . any other problem I can reassure you about ? Perkins : no I be fine . livingstone : jolly good . well , must be off . Perkins : so it will just grow back then , will it ? livingstone : er ... I think I would better come clean with you about this ... it 's ... um it 's not a virus , I be afraid . you see , a virus be what we doctor call very very small . so small it could not possibly have make off with a whole leg . what we be look for here be I think , and this be no more than a educate guess , I would like to make that clear , be some multi-cellular life form with stripe , huge razor - sharp tooth , about eleven foot long and of the genu * felis horribilis* . what we doctor , in fact , call a tiger . all in tent : a tiger ...!! [ outside , everyone engage in battle , include the Zulus , break off and shout in horror : ] all : a tiger ! [ the Zulus run off . ] pakenham - walsh : a tiger - in Africa ? ainsworth : hm ... pakenham - walsh : a tiger in Africa ...? ainsworth : ah ... well it 's probably escape from a zoo . pakenham - walsh : well it do not sound very likely . ainsworth : [ quietly ] stumm , stumm ... [ a severely - wounded sergeant stagger into the tent . ] sergeant : Sir , sir , the attack 's over , sir ! the Zulus be retreate . ainsworth : [ dismissively ] oh jolly good . [ he turn he back to the group around Perkins . ] sergeant : quite a lot of casualty though , sir . C division wipe out . signal go . thirty man kill in F section . I should think about a hundred - a hundred and fifty man altogether . ainsworth : [ not very interested ] yes , yes I see , yes ... jolly good . sergeant : I have not get the final figure , sir . there 's a lot of seriously wounded in the compound ... ainsworth : [ interrupt ] yes ... well , the thing be , sergeant , I have get a bit of a problem here . [ with gravity . ] one of the officer have lose a leg . sergeant : [ stunne by the news ] oh * no* , sir ! ainsworth : [ gravely ] I be afraid so . probably a tiger . sergeant : in Africa ? ainsworth and pakenham - walsh : stumm , stumm ... ainsworth : the m.o. say we can stitch it back on if we find it immediately . sergeant : right sir ! I will organise a party right away , sir ! ainsworth : well it 's hardly time for that , be it sergeant ...? sergeant : a search party ... ainsworth : ah ! * much * better idea . I will tell you what , organise one straight away . sergeant : yes sir ! [ outside dead british body ( of the other rank ) be everywhere . ] sergeant : [ apologetically ] sorry about the mess , sir . we will try and get it clear up , by the time you get back . [ they walk through the carnage . orderly be cheerfully attend to the equally cheery wounded and the only slightly less cheery dead . ] a die man : [ cover in blood ] we show them , do not we , sir ? ainsworth : yes . [ he give a thumb up and die . ] sergeant : [ address a soldier who be give water to a die man ] we have get to get a search party , leave that alone . another cheery cockney : [ with a assegai stick out of he chest ] this be fun , sir , init ... all this kill ... bloodsh ... bloody good fun sir , init ? ainsworth : [ abstract ] yes ... very good . [ he wave and move on . ] a severe head : Morning , sir ! ainsworth : nasty wound you have get there , Potter . severe head : [ cheerily ] thank you very much sir ! ainsworth : come on private - we be make up a search party . another terrible casualty : better than stay at home , eh sir ! at home if you kill someone they arrest you . here they give you a gun , and show you what to do , sir . I mean , I kill fifteen of that bugger sir ! now at home they would hang I . * here * they give I a fuck medal sir ! [ the search party for Perkins 's leg be pass through thick jungle . as they emerge into a clear they suddenly see a tiger 's head stick out of some bush . ] ainsworth : look ! [ they eye follow along the bush to where the tiger 's tail be stick out several yard away . for a moment it look like a very long tiger . ] my God , it 's * huge *! [ the tiger 's head rise up out of the thicket with its paw up . the tiger 's rear end back out of the thicket further down . ] rear end : do not shoot ... do not shoot . we be not a tiger . [ take off head . ] we be just ... um ... ainsworth : why be you dress as a tiger ? rear end : hmmm ... oh ... why ! why why ... be not it a lovely day today ...? ainsworth : answer the question . rear end : oh we be just er ... Front end : actually ! we be dress like this because ... oh no that 's not it . rear end : we do it for a lark . part of a spree . High spirit you know . simple as that . Front end : nothing more to it ... [ all stare . ] well * actually *... we be on a mission for british intellingence , there 's a pro-tsarist ashanti Chief ... rear end : no , no . Front end : no , no , no . rear end : no , no we be do it for a advertisement ... Front end : ah that 's it , forget about the Russians . we be do a advert for Tiger brand coffee . rear end : ' Tiger brand coffee be a real treat even tiger prefer a cup of it to real meat ' . [ pause . ] ainsworth : now look ... rear end : all right , all right . we be dress as a tiger because he have a auntie who do it in 1839 and this be the fiftieth anniversary . Front end : no . we be do it for a bet . rear end : God tell we to do it . Front end : to tell the truth , we be completely mad . we be inmate of a bengali psychiatric institution and we escape by make this skin out of old cereal packet ... Perkins : it do not matter . ainsworth : what ? Perkins : it do not matter why they be dress as a tiger , have they get my leg ? ainsworth : good think . well have you ? rear end : actually ! ainsworth : yes . rear end : it 's because we be think of training as taxidermist and we want to get a feel of it from the animal 's point of view . ainsworth : be quiet . now , look we be just ask you if you have get this man' leg ... Front end : a wooden leg ? ainsworth : no , no , a proper leg . look he be fast asleep and someone or something come in and remove it . Front end : without waking he up ? ainsworth : yes . Front end : I do not believe you . rear end : we find the tiger skin in a bicycle shop in Cairo , and the owner want to take it down to dar es salaam . ainsworth : shut up . now look , have you or have you not get he leg ? rear end : yes . Front end : no. no no no . both : no no no no no no . nope . no. ainsworth : why do you say ' yes ' ? Front end : I do not . ainsworth : I be not talk to you ... rear end : er... er ... ainsworth : right ! search the thicket . Front end : oh come on , I mean do we look like the sort of chap who would creep into a camp at ... night , steal into someone 's tent , anaesthetise they , tissue - type they , amputate a leg and run away with it ? ainsworth : search the thicket ! Front end : oh * leg *! you be look for a * leg* . actually I think there be one in there somewhere . somebody must have abandon it here , know you be come after it , and we stumble across it actually and wonder what it be ... they will be mile away by now and I expect we will have to take all the blame . [ during the last exchange a native turn and leer at the camera , while the dialogue continue behind he . then he unzip he body to reveal a fully dress white announcer in dinner jacket and bow tie underneath . ] Zulu announcer : hallo , good evening and welcome to the Middle of the Film . Lady tv presenter : hallo and welcome to the Middle of the Film . the moment where we take a break and invite you , the audience , to join we , the film -maker , in ' find the Fish ' . we be go to show you a scene from another film and ask you to guess where the fish be . but if you think you know , do not keep it to yourselves - yell out - so that all the cinema can hear you . so here we be with ' find the Fish ' . the middle of the film find the fish man : I wonder where that fish have go . woman : you do love it so . you look after it like a son . man : [ strangely ] and it go wherever I do go . woman : be it in the cupboard ? audience : yes ! no ! woman : would not you like to know . it be a lovely little fish . man : [ strangely ] and it go wherever I do go . man in audience : it 's behind the sofa ! [ a elephant join the man and woman . ] woman : where can the fish be ? man in audience : have you think of the drawer in the bureau ? woman : it be a most elusive fish . man : [ strangely ] and it go wherever I do go ! woman : oh fishy , fishy , fishy , fish . man : Fish , fish , fish , fishy oh ! woman : oh fishy , fishy , fishy fish . man : [ strangely ] that go wherever I do go . first fish : that be terrific ! second fish : great ! third fish : best bit so far . fish : yeah ! absolutely ... ! terrific ! yeah !... fantastic ... really great [ whistles ' more ' ... pause . ] fifth fish : they have not say much about the meaning of life so far , have they ...? first fish : well , it 's be building up to it . second fish : have it ? fifth fish : yeah , I expect they will get on to it now . third fish : personally I very much doubt if they be go to say anything about the meaning of life at all . fourth fish : oh , come on ... they have get to say something ... other fish : ... bound to ... yeah ... yeah ... [ they swim around a bit . ] second fish : not much happen at the moment , be there ...? the meaning of life ------------------- part iv middle age [ a hotel lobby . the lift door open . ] [ Mrs hendy be bend down in front of Mr hendy , do something of a intimate nature to he camera lens . ] Mr hendy : oh that 's much better . thank you honey . Mrs hendy : you be welcome . Mr hendy : it be sort of misty before . that 's fine . [ a strange girl in a crinoline step forward . this be m'lady joeline . play by Mr gilliam . ] joeline : hi ! how be you ? Mr hendy : we be just fine . joeline : so what kind of food you like to eat this evening ? Mr hendy : well we sort of like pineapple ... Mrs hendy : yeah anything with pineapple in be great for we ... joeline : well , how about the dungeon room ? Mr hendy : oh that sound fine ... joeline : sure be . it 's real Hawaiian food serve in a authentic medieval English dungeon atmosphere ... [ suddenly a red hot brand sear the flesh of some poor wretch . this be the restaurant . Dark , full of torture instrument , stock , chamber of horror stuff . ] [ they sit down . a waitress dress in a grotesque travesty of a beefeater 's outfit , come up . ] waitress : hello , I be diana , I be you waitress for tonight ... where be you from ? Mr and Mrs hendy : we be from room 259 . Mr hendy : where be you from ? waitress : [ point to kitchen ] oh I be from the door over there ... Mr hendy : oh. Mrs hendy : great ... waitress : [ reach across to the central serve table ] iced Water ... Mrs hendy : oh thank you ... waitress : coffee ... Mr hendy : than you * very * much ... waitress : ketchup ... Mr hendy : oh lovely ... real nice waitress : t.v....? Mr hendy : oh ... that 's fine ... Mrs hendy : yeah that 's swell [ the waitress dump a t.v. down on the table . ] waitress : telephone ... Mr hendy : er... telephone ...? waitress : you can phone any other table in the restaurant after six . Mr hendy : oh that 's great ... Mrs hendy : some choice ... Mr hendy : yeah , right ... waitress : o.k.... d' you want any food with you meal ? Mr hendy : well , what d' you have ? waitress : well we have thing shape like this in green or we have thing shape like that in brown ... Mr hendy : what d' you think darling ? Mrs hendy : well it * be * we anniversary , marvin ... Mr hendy : yeah ... what the hell ... we will have a couple of the thing shape like that in brown , please ... waitress : o.k. fine ... thank you sir ... [ she write ] ... 2 brown number 259 ... and will you be have intercourse tonight ...? Mr hendy : er... do we have to decide now ...? Mrs hendy : sound a good idea honey . I mean it sound swell . I mean why not ? Mr hendy : yeah , right ... could be fun ... [ waitress take out a condom and slap it on the table . ] waitress : compliment of the Super Inn - have a nice fuck ! Mr hendy : oh , thank you . waitress : you be welcome ... [ she leave . ] Mr hendy : [ read : ] ' Super Inn skin ' - that 's nice . [ suddenly a Hawaiian band come through the door and surround Mr and Mrs hendy at they table , before leave they to they own device , which be not many . there be a long silence . ] waiter : good evening ... would you care for something to talk about ? [ he hand they each a menu card with a list of subject on . ] Mr hendy : oh that would be wonderful . waiter : we special tonight be minority ... Mr hendy : oh that sound interesting ... Mrs hendy : what 's this conversation here ...? waiter : oh that 's football ... you can talk about the steeler - bear game , Saturday ... or you could reminisce about really great World Series - Mrs hendy : no ... no , no . Mr hendy : what 's this one here ? waiter : that 's philosophy . Mrs hendy : be that a sport ? waiter : no it 's more of a attempt to construct a viable hypothesis to explain the meaning of life . [ the fish in the tank suddenly prick up they fin . ] Fish : what 's he say , eh ? Mr hendy : oh that sound wonderful ... would you like to talk about the meaning of life , darling ...? Mrs hendy : sure , why not ? waiter : philosophy for two ? Mr hendy : right ... waiter : you folk want I to start you off ? Mr hendy : oh really we would appreciate that ... waiter : ok . well er ... look , have you ever wonder just why you be here ? Mr hendy : well ... we go to Miami last year and California the year before that , and we have ... waiter : no , no ... I mean why * we be * here . on this planet ? Mr hendy : [ guardedly ] ... n... n... nope . waiter : right ! have you ever * want * to know what it 's all about ? Mr hendy : [ emphatically ] no ! waiter : right ho ! well , see , throughout history there have be certain man and woman who have try to find the solution to the mystery of existence . Mrs hendy : great . waiter : and we call this guy ' philosopher ' . Mrs hendy : and that 's what we be talk about ! waiter : right ! Mrs hendy : that 's neat ! waiter : well you look like you be get the idea , so why do not I give you this conversation card - they will tell you a little about philosophical method , name of famous philosopher ... there y'are . have a nice conversation ! Mr hendy : thank you ! thank you very much . [ he leave . ] Mrs hendy : he 's cute . Mr hendy : yeah , real understanding . [ they sit and look at the card , then rather formally and uncertainly Mrs hendy open the conversation . ] Mrs hendy : oh ! I never know that * schopenhauer * be a * philosopher *... Mr hendy : oh yeah ... he 's the one that begin with a S. Mrs hendy : oh ... Mr hendy : ... um [ pause ] ... like nietzsche ... Mrs hendy : do nietzsche begin with a s? Mr hendy : there 's a S in nietzsche ... Mrs hendy : oh wow ! yes there be . do all philosopher have a S in they ? Mr hendy : yeah I think most of they do . Mrs hendy : oh !... do that mean selina Jones be a philosopher ? Mr hendy : yeah ... right , she could be ... she sing about the meaning of life . Mrs hendy : yeah , that 's right , but I do not think she write she own material . Mr hendy : no. maybe schopenhauer write she material ? Mrs hendy : no ... burt bacharach write be . Mr hendy : there 's no ' S ' in burt bacharach ... Mrs hendy : ... or in hal David ... Mr hendy : who 's hal David ? Mrs hendy : he write the lyric , burt just write the tune ... only now he 's marry to carole bayer sager ... Mr hendy : oh ... waiter ... this conversation be not very good . waiter : oh , I be sorry , sir ... we * do * have one today that 's not on the menu . it 's a sort of ... er ... speciality of the house . live organ transplant . Mrs hendy : live organ transplant ? what 's * that * ? the meaning of life ------------------- part V live organ transplant [ a photo of the Emperor haile selassie hang on the wall of a suburban house . upstair ' hava nagila ' be be play on a lone violin . the door bell ring . ] Mr bloke : do not worry dear , I will get it ! [ he open the door . ] Mr bloke : yes ! first man : hello , er can we have you liver ...? Mr bloke : my what ? first man : you liver ... it 's a large glandular organ in you abdomen ... you know it 's a reddish - brown and it 's sort of - Mr bloke : yes , I know what it be , but I be use it . second man : come on sir ... do not muck we about . [ they move in . ] Mr bloke : hey ! [ they shut the door behind he . ] [ the first man make a grab at he wallet and find a card in it . ] first man : hallo ! what 's this then ...? Mr bloke : a liver donor 's card . first man : need we say more ? second man : no ! Mr bloke : look , I can not give it to you now . it say ' in the event of death ' ... first man : no-one who have ever have they liver take out by we have survive ... [ the second man be rummage around in a bag of clanking tool . ] second man : just lie there , sir . it will not take a minute . [ they throw he onto the dining room table and , without any more ceremony , start to cut he open . a rather sever lady appear at the door . ] Mrs bloke : ' ere , what 's go on ? first man : he 's donate he liver , madam ... Mr bloke : aarrgh ... oh !... aaargh ow ! ow ! Mrs bloke : be this because he take out one of that silly card ? first man : that 's right , madam . Mr bloke : ow ! oooh ! oohh ! oh ... oh ... God ... aargh aargh ... Mrs bloke : typical of he . he go down to the public library - see a few sign up ... come home all full of good intention . he give blood ... he do cold research ... all that sort of thing . Mr bloke : aaaagh ... oh ... aaarghh ! Mrs bloke : what d' you do with they all anyway ? second man : they all go to save life , madam . Mr bloke : aaaaargh ! oh ... ow ! oh ... oh my God ! Mrs bloke : that 's what * he* use to say ... it 's all for the good of the country , he use to say . Mr bloke : aaaargh !... ow ! ooh ! Mrs bloke : d'*you * think it 's * all * for the good of the country ? first man : uh ? Mrs bloke : d'*you * think it 's * all * for the good of the country ? first man : well I would not know about that , madam ... we be just do we job , you know ... Mr bloke : owwwwweeeeeeeeeh ! ow ! Mrs bloke : you be not doctor , then ? first man : oh !... blimey no ...! [ the second man grin and raise he eye as he dig around in the stomach . they laugh . a head come round the door ... it 's a young man . ] Young man : mum , dad , ... I be off out ... now . I will see you about seven ... Mrs bloke : righto , son ... look after yourself . Mr bloke : aaargh ... ow ! oh ... aaargh aargh ! Mrs bloke : d'you er ... fancy a cup of tea ...? first man : oh well , that would be very nice , yeah ... thank you , thank you very much madam . thank you . [ aside . ] I think she would never ask ... [ she take he into the kitchen ... shut the door . she bustles about prepare the tea ...] you do realise ... he have to be ... well ... dead ... by the term of the card ... before he donate he liver . Mrs bloke : well I tell he that ... but he never listen to I ... silly man . first man : only ... I be wonder what you be think of do after that ... I mean ... will you stay on you own or ... be there someone else ... sort of ... on the horizon ...? Mrs bloke : I be too old for that sort of thing . I be past my prime ... first man : not at all ... you be a very attractive woman . Mrs bloke : [ laugh a little ] well ... I be certainly not think of get hitched up again ... first man : sure ? Mrs bloke : sure . first man : [ come a little closer ] can we have you liver then ? Mrs bloke : no ... I do not want to die . first man : oh come on , it 's perfectly natural . only take a couple of minute . Mrs bloke : oh ... I would be scared . first man : all right , I will tell you what . look , listen to this - [ a man in pink evening dress emerge from the fridge . ] man in pink even dress : whenever life get you down , Mrs Brown and thing seem hard or tough and people be stupid obnoxious or daft and you feel that you have have quite enough ... [ as he start to sing , the wall of the kitchen disintegrate to reveal a magnificent night sky . the vocalist in pink escort Mrs bloke up into the star . ] just remember that you be stand on a planet that 's evolve and revolve at 900 mile a hour , that 's orbit at 19 mile a second , so it 's reckone , a sun that be the source of all we power . the sun and you and I and all the star that we can see , be move at a million mile a day in a outer spiral arm , at 40000 mile a hour , of the galaxy we call the milky Way . we galaxy itself contain 100 billion star it 's 100,000 light year side to side . it bulge in the middle , 16,000 light year thick but out by we its just 3,000 light year wide we be 30,000 light year from galactic central point , we go round every 200 million year and we galaxy be only one of million of billion in this amazing and expand Universe . the Universe itself keep on expand and expand in all of the direction it can whizz as fast as it can go , at the speed of light you know , 12 million mile a minute , and that 's the fastest speed there be . so remember when you be feel very small and insecure how amazingly unlikely be you birth and pray that there 's intelligent life somewhere up in space because there ' bugger all down here on earth . [ the vocalist in pink climb back into the fridge and the door slam to . ] Mrs bloke : make you feel so sort of insignificant , do not it ? first man : yeah yeah ... can we have you liver , then ? Mrs bloke : yeah . all right , you talk I into it . first man : Eric ! [ a lettering artist be just finish painting the word ' liver donor Inc ' onto a wall plaque enumerate all the subsidiary of the very Big Corporation of America . ] Chairman : [ of the very Big Corporation of America ] ... which bring we once again to the urgent realisation of just how much there be still leave to own . item 6 on the agenda , the meaning of life ... now Harry , you have have some thought on this ... Harry : that 's right , yeah . I have have a team work on this over the past few week , and what we have come up with can be reduce to two fundamental concept ... one ... people be not wear enough hat . two ... matter be energy ; in the Universe there be many energy field which we cannot normally perceive . some energy have a spiritual source which act upon a person 's soul . however , this soul do not exist * ab inito* , as orthodox Christianity teach ; it have to be bring into existence by a process of guide self - observation . however , this be rarely achieve owe to man 's unique ability to be distract from spiritual matter by everyday trivia . [ pause . ] Max : what be that about hat again ? Harry : er... people be not wear enough . Chairman : be this true ? Edmund : [ who be sit next to Harry ] certainly . hat sale have increase , but not * pari passu ... as we research - bert : when you say ' enough ' , enough for what purpose ...? gunther : can I ask with reference to you second point , when you say soul do not develop because people become distract ... have anyone notice that building there before ? [ they all turn towards the window to see a building approach or slide into position outside . ] all : gulp ! what ? good Lord ! the crimson permanent assurance a tale of piracy on the high seas of finance London , England in the bleak day of 1983 , as England languish in the doldrum of a ruinous monetarist policy , the good and loyal man of the permanent Assurance company - a once - proud family firm recently fall a hard time - strain under the yoke of they oppressive new corporate management ... pushed beyond the bound of decent and reasonable victimisation - the age retainer take they destiny in they own hand and ... mutiny ! and so - the crimson permanent Assurance be launch upon the high seas of international finance ! there it lay , the prize they seek - the richest jewel in the crown of the imf - a financial district swollen with multi - national , conglomerate and fat , bloat merchant bank . Hidden behind the faceless tower canyon of glass , the world of high finance sit smug and self - satisfied as they future , in the shape of they past , slip silently through the street - return to wreak a terrible revenge . adopting , adapt , and improve traditional business practice the permanent Assurance put into motion a audacious and totally unsuspected take over bid . and so , hearten by they initial success , the desperate and reasonably violent man of the permanent Assurance battle on , until ... as the sun set slowly in the west the outstanding return on they bold business venture become apparent ... the once proud financial giant lay in ruin - they asset stripped - they policy in tatter . [ they sing ] it 's fun charter a accountant and sail the wide accountan - cy , to find , explore the fund offshore and skirt the shoal of bankruptcy . it can be manly in insurance : we will up you premium semi-annually , it 's all tax - deductible , we be fairly incorruptible , sail on the wide accountan-cy ! and so ... they sail off into the ledger of history - one by one the financial capital of the world crumble under the might of they business acumen - or so it would have be ... if certain modern theory concern the shape of the world have not prove to be ... disastrously wrong . the meaning of life ------------------- part VI the autumn year [ elegant restaurant . a man in a dress gown , who be not Noel coward sit at a piano . ] not Noel coward : good evening lady and gentleman . here 's a little number I toss off recently in the Caribbean . [ sing ] be not it awfully nice to have a penis , be not it frightfully good to have a do ? it 's swell to have a stiffy , it 's divine to own a dick , from the tiniest little tadger , to the world 's biggest prick . so three cheer for you willy or John Thomas , hooray for you one - eye trouser snake , you piece of pork , you wife 's best friend , you percy or you cock , you can wrap it up in ribbon , you can slip it in you sock , but do not take it out in public , or they will stick you in the dock , and you will not come back . [ spontaneous applause break out all over the restaurant . ] oh ... thank you very much . woman : oh what a frightfully witty song . [ clap . ] [ Mr creosote enter . ] first Fish : [ in tank ] oh shit ! it 's Mr creosote . [ all the fish disappear with six flick of the tail . ] maitre D : ah good afternoon , sir , and how be we today ? Mr creosote : better ... maitre D : better ? Mr creosote : better get a bucket , I be go to throw up . maitre D : gaston ! a bucket for monsieur ! [ they seat he at he usual table . a gleam silver bucket be place beside he and he lean over and throw up into it . ] maitre D : merci gaston . [ he clap he hand and the bucket be whisk away . ] Mr creosote : I have not finish ! maitre D : oh ! pardon ! gaston !... a thousand pardon monsieur . [ put the bucket back . ] [ the maitre D produce the menu as Mr creosote continue spew . ] maitre D : now this afternoon we monsieur 's favourite - the jugge hare . the hare be * very * high , and the sauce be very rich with truffle , anchovy , Grand marnier , bacon and cream . [ Mr creosote pause . the maitre D clap he hand and sign to gaston , who whisk away the bucket . ] maitre D : thank you , gaston . Mr creosote : there 's still more . [ gaston rapidly replace the bucket . ] maitre D : allow I ! a new bucket for monsieur . [ the maitre D pick the bucket up and hand it over to gaston . Mr creosote lean over and throw up onto the floor . ] and the clean woman . [ gaston hurry off . the maitre D take care to avoid the vomit and place the menu in front of Mr creosote . ] and maintenant , would monsieur care for a aperitif ? [ creosote vomit over the menu . it be cover . ] or would you prefer to order straight away ? today for appetizer ... er ... excuse I ... [ the maitre D lean over and wipe away the sick with he hand so that the word of the menu be readable . ] ... moule mariniere , pate de foie gras , beluga caviar , egg benedictine , tart de poireaux - that 's leek tart - frog ' leg amandine or oeuf de caille Richard shepherd - c'est a dire , little quail ' egg on a bed of pureed mushroom , it 's very delicate , very subtle ... Mr creosote : I will have the lot . maitre D : a wise choice , monsieur ! and now , how would you like it serve ? all mix up in a bucket ? Mr creosote : yes . with the egg on top . maitre D : but of course , avec les oeuf frite . Mr creosote : and do not skimp on the pate . maitre D : oh monsieur I can assure you , just because it be mix up with all the other thing we would not dream of give you less than the full amount . in fact I will personally make sure you have a * double * help . maintenant quelque choose a boire - something to drink , monsieur ? Mr creosote : yeah , six bottle of chateau latour ' 45 and a double jeroboam of champagne . maitre D : bon , and the usual brown ale ...? Mr creosote : yeah ... no wait a minute ... I think I can only manage six crate today . maitre D : tut tut tut ! I hope monsieur be not overdo it last night ...? Mr creosote : shut up ! maitre D : d'accord . ah the new bucket and the clean woman . [ gaston arrive . the Cleaning woman get down on she hand and knee . Mr creosote vomit over she . ] [ some guest at another table start to leave . the maitre D approach . ] maitre D : monsieur , be there something wrong with the food ? [ the maitre D indicate the table of half - eat main course . the guest shrink from he vomit-cover hand . the maitre D realise and shake a little off . it hit another guest , who wipe he eye . ] Guest : no . the food be ... excellent ... maitre D : perhaps you be not happy with the service ? Guest : er no ... no ... no complaint . Guest 's wife : it 's just we have to go - um - I be have rather a heavy period . [ a slight embarrassed silence while the rest of the party look at she . ] Guest : and ... we ... have a train to catch . Guest 's wife : [ as if cover for she previous gaffe ] oh! yes ! yes ... of course ! we have a train to catch ... and I do not want to start bleed over the seat . [ a awkward pause . the maitre D grope for word . ] Guest : perhaps we should not go ... [ they start to go . the maitre D follow . ] maitre D : very well , monsieur . thank you so much , so nice to see you and I hope very much we will see you again very soon . au revoir , monsieur . [ he pause . a look of awful realization suffuse he face . ] maitre D : ... oh dear ... I have trodden in monsieur 's bucket . [ the maitre D clap he hand . ] another bucket for monsieur ... [ Mr creosote be sick down the maitre D 's trousers . ] and perhaps a hose ... [ someone at another table gently throw up . ] companion : oh Max , really ! [ at another table someone else have really throw up all over the place . his mother and brother look at he incredulously . meanwhile Mr creosote have scoff the lot . the maitre D approach he with a silver tray . ] maitre D : and finally , monsieur , a wafer - thin mint . Mr creosote : no. maitre D : oh sir ! it 's only a tiny little thin one . Mr creosote : no. fuck off - I be full ... [ belch ] maitre D : oh sir ... it 's only * wafer * thin . Mr creosote : look - I could not eat another thing . I be absolutely stuff . bugger off . maitre D : oh sir , just ... just * one *... Mr creosote : oh all right . just one . maitre D : just the one , sir ... voila ... bon appetit ... [ Mr creosote somehow manage to stuff the wafer - thin mint into he mouth and then swallow . the maitre D take a fly leap and cower behind some pot plant . there be a ominous split sound . Mr creosote look rather helpless and then he explode , cover waiter , diner , and technician in a truly horrendous mix of half digested food , entrail and part of he body . people start vomit . ] maitre D : [ return to Mr creosote 's table ] thank you , sir , and now the check . the meaning of life ___________________ part VI B the meaning of life [ some time later . ] [ the Cleaning woman be still on she knee , clean up the remain of Mr creosote . the maitre D light up a cigarette in pensive mood . ] maitre D : you know , Maria , I sometimes wonder whether we will ever discover the meaning of it all work in a place like this . Maria : [ shrug ] oh , I have work in worse place ... philosophically speak . maitre D : really , Maria ? Maria : yes ... I use to work in the academie francaise but it do not do I any good at all ... and I once work in the library in the prado in Madrid , but it do not teach I nothing , I recall ... and the Library of Congress , you would have think would hold some key ... but it do not . and neither do the bodleian Library . in the british Museum I hope to find some clue , I work there from 9 till 6 - read every volume through , but it do not teach I nothing about life 's mystery ... I just keep get older , and it get more difficult to see . until eventually I eye go and I arthritis get bad , and so now I be clean up in here - but I can not really be sad , Cause you see I feel that life 's a game you sometimes win or lose , and though I may be down right now at least I do not work for Jews ... [ the maitre D pour the bucket over she head and turn to the camera look most upset . ] maitre D : I be so sorry ... I have no idea we have a racist work here ... I apologise ... most sincerely ... I mean ... where be you go - I can explain ... oh , quel dommage ... [ the camera pan off the maitre D and alight on gaston , smoking a cigarette . ] gaston : as for I ... if you want to know what I think ... I will show you something ... come with I ... maitre D : [ out of shot ] I be say that - hallo ... hallo ... gaston : come on ... this way . [ he nod to the camera and walk out of the restaurant and the camera follow he . ] Voice of maitre D : I can explain everything . gaston : come on - do not be shy . mind the stair ... all right . I think this will help explain . [ he walk through the town . ] gaston : come along ... come along ... over here ... come on ... come on ... this way ... come on ... stay by I , uh ? nearly there now . [ eventually gaston come over a hill and nod down to a little thatched cottage nestle idyllically in a valley . smoke rise up from the chimney . ] you see that ? that 's where I be bear . you know , one day , when I be a little boy , my mother she take I on she knee and she say : ' gaston , my son . the world be a beautiful place . you must go into it , and love everyone , not hate people . you must try and make everyone happy , and bring peace and contentment everywhere you go . ' and so ... I become a waiter ... [ there be a rather long pause , while he look a bit self - deprecate and nod shyly at the live . ] well ... it 's ... it 's not much of a philosophy , I know ... but ... well ... fuck you ... I can live my own life in my own way if I want to . fuck off ! do not come follow I ! the meaning of life ------------------- part VII death distraught male Voice : I just can not go on . I be not good any more , goodbye ... goodbye ... aaaargh !... aaaargh ! [ a leaf fall to the ground . ] distraught female Voice : oh my God ! what will I do !? I can not live without he ... I ... aaaargh ! [ another leaf fall . ] distraught Children 's voice : mummy ... mummy ... mummy ... daddy ... [ two more leave fall . ] more distraught voice : oh no ! aaaargh ! [ all the remain leave fall with one accord . ] this man be about to die . in a few moment now he will be kill . for Arthur jarrett be a convict criminal who have be allow to choose the manner of he own execution . Governor : Arthur Charles Herbert runcie macadam jarrett , you have be convict by twelve good person and true , of the crime of first degree make of gratuitous sexist joke in a move picture . padre : ash to ash , dust to dust ... [ ingmar mergman now take over the direction of the film and re-invoke one of he great triumph on a low budget . bare windswept tree starkly silhouett against the ... oh you know . lot of good sound effect , too : howling wind , howling dog , howling sabre- toothe field mouse . suddenly we see the grim reaper . he be hood , in a black cloak with a sackcloth jock -strap , and bear ... a scythe . ] [ he materialize outside a lowly cottage and strike the door with he scythe . geoffrey , who be Marketing director of uro-pacific Ltd , open the door . from inside the house come the sound of a dinner party . ] geoffrey : yes ? [ pause . the reaper breathes death-rattlingly . ] be it about the hedge ? [ more breathe . ] look , I be awfully sorry but ... grim reaper : I be the grim reaper . geoffrey : I be death . geoffrey : yes well , the thing be , we have get some people from America for dinner tonight ... [ geoffrey 's wife , Angela be come to see who be at the door . she call : ] Angela : who be it , darling ? geoffrey : it 's a Mr death or something ... he 's come about the reap ... [ to reaper . ] I do not think we need any at the moment . Angela : [ appear ] hallo . well do not leave he hang around outside darling , ask he in . geoffrey : darling , I do not think it 's quite the moment ... Angela : do come in , come along in , come and have a drink , do . come on ... [ she return to she guest . ] it 's one of the little man from the village ... do come in , please . this be Howard katzenberg from Philadelphia ... katzenberg : hi. Angela : and he wife , Debbie . Debbie : hallo there . Angela : and this be the Portland - smythes , Jeremy and Fiona . Fiona : good evening . Angela : this be Mr death . [ there be a slightly awkward pause . ] well do get Mr death a drink , darling . [ the grim reaper look a little startle . ] Angela : Mr death be a reaper . grim reaper : the grim reaper . Angela : hardly surprising in this weather , ha ha ha ... katzenberg : so you still reap around here do you , Mr death ? grim reaper : I be the grim reaper . geoffrey : [ sotto voce ] that 's about all he say ... [ loudly ] there 's you drink , Mr death . Angela : do sit down . Debbie : we be just talk about some of the awful problem face the - [ the grim reaper knock the glass off the table . startle silence . ] Angela : would you prefer white ? I be afraid we do not have any beer . Jeremy : the stilton 's awfully good . grim reaper : I be not of this world . [ he walk into the middle of the table . there be a sharp intake of breath all round . ] geoffrey : good Lord ! [ the penny be beginning to drop . ] grim reaper : I be death . Debbie : [ nervously ] well be not that extraordinary ? we be just talk about death only five minute ago . Angela : [ even more nervously ] yes we be . you know , whether death be really ... the end ... Debbie : as my husband , Howard here , feel ... or whether there be ... and one so hate to use word like ' soul ' or ' spirit ' ... Jeremy : but what *other * word can one use ... geoffrey : exactly ... grim reaper : you do not understand . Debbie : ah no ... obviously not ... katzenberg : let I tell you something , Mr death ... grim reaper : you do not understand ! katzenberg : just one moment . I would like to express on behalf of everyone here , what a really unique experience this be ... Jeremy : hear hear . Angela : yes , we be * so * delighted that you drop in , Mr death ... katzenberg : can I finish please ... Debbie : Mr death ... be there a after-life ? katzenberg : dear , if you could just wait please a moment ... Angela : be you sure you would not like some sherry ? katzenberg : Angela , I would like just to say at this time ... grim reaper : be quiet ! katzenberg : can I just say this at this time , please ... grim reaper : silence !!! I have come for you . [ pause as this sink in . sidelong glance . a stifle fart . ] Angela : ... you mean to ... grim reaper : ... take you away . that be my purpose . I be death . geoffrey : well that 's cast rather a gloom over the evening have not it ? katzenberg : I do not see it that way , geoff . let I tell you what I think we be deal with here , a potentially positive learn experience ... grim reaper : shut up ! shut up you american . you always talk , you Americans , you talk and you talk and say ' let I tell you something ' and ' I just wanna say this ' , well you be dead now , so shut up . katzenberg : Dead ? grim reaper : Dead . Angela : all of we ?? grim reaper : all of you . geoffrey : now look here . you barge in here , quite uninvite , break glass and then announce quite casually that we be all dead . well I would remind you that you be a guest in this house and ... [ the grim reaper poke he in the eye . ] grim reaper : be quiet ! you englishmen ... you be all so fuck pompous and none of you have get any ball . Debbie : can I ask you a question ? grim reaper : what ? Debbie : ... how can we all have die at the * same * time ? grim reaper : [ point ] the salmon mousse ! [ they all goggle . ] geoffrey : [ to Angela ] darling , you do not use tin salmon do you ? Angela : [ unbelievably embarrassed ] I be most dreadfully embarrassed ... grim reaper : now , the time have come . follow ... follow I ... [ geoffrey suddenly run forward with a revolver . he loose four shot at the grim reaper from about three foot . they pass through he . pause . everyone be rather embarrassed . ] geoffrey : sorry ... just ... testing ... sorry ... [ he sit . ] grim reaper : come ! [ out of they body , spirit form arise and follow the grim reaper . ] Angela : the fishmonger promise I he would have some fresh salmon and he 's normally * so * reliable ... Jeremy : can we bring we glass ? Fiona : good idea . Debbie : hey I do not even eat the mousse ... [ they follow the grim reaper out of the house . ] Angela : honestly , darling , I be so embarrassed ... I mean to serve salmon with botulism at a dinner party be social death ... Jeremy : shall we take we car ? geoffrey : why not ? [ slightly to the grim reaper 's surprise , they follow he up to heaven in a porsche , a Jensen and a volvo . ] grim reaper : behold ... paradise ! [ Heaven bear a strike resemblance to a holiday Inn . ] Mr hendy : I love it here , darling . Mrs hendy : I too , marvin . receptionist : hello . welcome to Heaven . Excuse I , could you just sign here , please sir ? thank you . there 's a table for you through there in the restaurant . for the lady ... Fiona : [ read the box of chocolate that have be hand to she ] ' after life mint ' . receptionist : happy Christmas . Debbie : oh be it Christmas today ? receptionist : of course madam , it 's Christmas , *every * day , in Heaven . Debbie : how about that ? [ a restaurant in Heaven . it be full of all the character who have die in the film . plus some of the naked girl , because ... well , we do not have to give a reason , do we ? ] tony bennett : good evening lady and gentleman , it 's truly a real honourable experience to be here this evening a very wonderful and emotional moment for all of we , and I would like to sing a song for all of you : [ sing ] it 's Christmas in Heaven : all the child sing it 's Christmas in Heaven hark hark that church bell ring ' it 's Christmas in Heaven the snow fall from the sky ... but it 's nice and warm and everyone look smart and wear a tie it 's Christmas in Heaven there 's great film on tv ... ' the sound of Music ' *twice * a hour and ' jaw ' I , ii , * and * III there 's gift for all the family there ' toiletry and train ... there 's Sony walkman headphone set and the latest video game ! it 's Christmas it 's Christmas in Heaven hip hip hip hip hip hooray every single day be Christmas Day ! it 's Christmas it 's Christmas in Heaven hip hip hip hip hip hooray every single day be Christmas Day ! ' [ but before we get to the end of this chorus the tv set be switch off and the whole picture collapse into a little spot and we pull out to find that we have be watch a tv set in front of the Middle of the Film lady . ] the end of the film Lady presenter : [ briskly ] well , that 's the end of the Film , now here 's the meaning of life . [ a envelope be hand to she . she open it in a business - like way . ] thank you brigitte . [ she read .]... well , it 's nothing special . try and be nice to people , avoid eat fat , read a good book every now and then , get some walk in and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creed and nation . and finally , here be some completely gratuitous picture of penise to annoy the censor and to hopefully spark some sort of controversy which it seem be the only way this day to get the jade video-sated public off they fuck arse and back in the sodd cinema . family entertainment bollock ! what they want be filth , people do thing to each other with chainsaw during tupperware party , babysitter be stab with knitting needle by gay presidential candidate , vigilante group strangling chicken , armed band of theatre critic exterminate mutant goat - where 's the fun in picture ? oh well , there we be - here 's the theme music . goodnight . cast in order of appearance the meaning of life first Fish Graham chapman second Fish John cleese third Fish Terry gilliam fourth Fish Eric idle fifth Fish Terry Jones Sixth Fish Michael palin creosotish man George Silver Singer ' meaning of life ' Eric idle Mrs Moore Valerie whittington first nurse Judy loe second nurse imogen bickford Smith first Doctor Graham chapman second Doctor John cleese Mr Moore Eric idle administrator Michael palin dad Michael palin mum Terry Jones Priest Terry Jones bride Jennifer franks Groom Andrew maclachlan Mr blackitt Graham chapman Mrs blackitt Eric idle Martin luther Terry Jones hymie Michael palin mamie Graham chapman daughter Victoria plum Anne rosenfield headmaster John cleese chaplain Michael palin wymer Graham chapman bigg Terry Jones Carter Michael palin Watson Eric idle Mrs Williams Patricia quinn Captain bigg Terry Jones blackitt Eric idle spadger Michael palin Walters Terry gilliam sturridge John cleese hordern Graham chapman General Graham chapman R.S.M. Michael palin atkinson Eric idle cole Graham chapman wycliff Andrew maclachlan pakenham - walsh Michael palin ainsworth John cleese chadwick Simon Jones Perkins Eric idle livingstone Graham chapman sergeant Terry Jones another cheery cockney Andrew maclachlan a severe head Mark holme another terrible Casualty Eric idle Front end Eric idle rear end Michael palin Zulu announcer Terry gilliam Lady presenter Michael palin man with bendy arm Terry Jones woman Graham chapman troll with a tray Mark holme Mr hendy Michael palin Mrs hendy Eric idle joeline Terry gilliam waitress Carol Cleveland waiter John cleese Mr bloke Terry gilliam first man John cleese second man Graham chapman Mrs bloke Terry Jones Young man Peter lovstrom distinguish vocalist in pink Eric idle Noel coward * Eric idle Mr creosote Terry Jones maitre D John cleese gaston Eric idle first Guest Graham chapman second Guest Mark holme first Guest 's wife Carol Cleveland second Guest 's wife Angela Mann third Guest Andrew maclachlan Cleaning woman Terry Jones Governor Michael palin Arthur jarrett Graham chapman padre Michael palin grim reaper John cleese geoffrey Graham chapman Angela Eric idle Jeremy Simon Jones Fiona Terry Jones katzenberg Terry gilliam Debbie Michael palin receptionist Carol Cleveland tony bennett ** Graham chapman * not * the* Noel coward , of course ** not * the* tony bennett , of course the crimson permanent assurance star Sydney Arnold cameron Miller Ross davidson paddy Ryan Eric Francis Eric stovell Russell kilminster Andrew bicknell Peter merrill Tim doublas Larry Noble billy John John Scott Martin Len marten guy Bertrand gareth milne myrtle devenish Leslie sarony Matt frewer wally Thomas Peter mantle photograph by Peter hannan b.s.c . edited by Julian doyle production designer Harry Lange costume designer Jim acheson choreography arlene Phillips makeup and Hair Design maggie Weston special Effects supervisor George Gibbs director of photography Roger Pratt Art director John beard make -up artist Elaine carew hairdressers Maureen stephenson sallie Evans wardrobe Joyce stoneman Music John du prez transcribe by Jason R. heimbaugh ( jasonh@joker.aiss.uiuc.edu )