the blind side written by John Lee hancock base on the book the blind side : evolution of a game by Michael Lewis 04/28/09 1 over black ... 1 a distinctly southern voice ... leigh anne's voice there 's a moment of orderly silence before a football play begin . player be in position , linemen be freeze , and anything 's possible . then , like a traffic accident , stuff begin to randomly collide . from the snap of the ball to the snap of the first bone be closer to four second than five . 2 ext . football field / game footage - night 2 we be watch footage of the 1985 redskin / Giants Monday night football game . lot of angle , face , knuckle as the two team line up , redskin on offense , for the snap of the ball . as the play begin -- leigh anne's voice one Mississippi . Joe theismann , the redskin quarterback , take the snap and hand off to he run back . joe theismann hand off to JOHN riggins , who take two step forward , then turn and toss the ball back'to theismann . the footage pause and plays like a coach break down film . leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) two Mississippi . it 's a trick play , a flea flicker , and the run back toss the ball back to the quarterback . harry carson , the Giants linebacker see that theismann have the ball back and race toward he . theismann step up and to the side and carson fly past . leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) Three Mississippi . up to now the play 's be define by what the quarterback see . it 's about to be define by what he do not . lawrence taylor carve a wide circle around the redskin lineman try to block he . ( continued ) 2 continued : 2 the blocker dive frantically . at Taylor 's ankle , and miss . Taylor leap , arm raise , fill the sky behind theismann . the image freeze . leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) four Mississippi . lawrence Taylor be the best defensive player in the NFL and have be from the time he step onto the field as a rookie . the freeze image of Taylor come to life as he jackknife theismann 's body . player ' face react to what they be see . devastate . taylor pop up from the pile and jump around like a madman . leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) he will also change the game of football as we know it . we be watching the mnf feed and hear the announcer's voice . frank gifford ( v.0 . ) again , we will look at it with the reverse angle one more time . and I suggest if you stomach be weak you just do not watch . leigh anne's voice Joe theissman never play another down of football . 3 team photo of the 2005 seattle seahawks 3 leigh anne 's. voice now , y'all would guess that more often than not the high pay player on a NFL team be the quarterback . the camera find matt hasselbeck , Seattle 's quarterback . leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) and you would be right . what you probably do not know be that more often than not the second high pay player be , thanks to lawrence Taylor , a leave tackle . the camera go to walter jone , Seattle 's leave tackle . ( continued ) 3 3 continued : 3 leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) because , as every housewife know , the first check you write be for the mortgage and the second be for the insurance . the leave tackle 's job be to protect the quarterback from what he can not see come . to protect he blind side . 4 series of shot 4 " famous " leave tackle - Jonathan Ogden , Orlando Pace , Andre gurode . then we see shot of they hand , foot , waist , etc. , corresponding with --- leigh anne's voice the ideal leave tackle be big , but a lot of people be big . he be wide in the butt and massive in the thigh . he have long arm , giant hand and foot as quick as a hiccup . ext . west memphis -- day 5 a street anchore by project housing and litter with break down car and not 'er- do - well . lot of folk out , milling about , but we focus be on a teenager in the distance , move toward US in slo - mo while everyone else be at normal speed . he 's extremely large , six and a half foot , but he carefully step instead of strutting . his name be michael oher . leigh anne's voice this be a rare and expensive combination the need for which can be trace to that Monday night game and lawrence . Taylor . for on that day he not only alter Joe theismann 's life , but mine as well . as Michael continue toward we he begin to go out of focus -- investigator's voice ( v.o. ) Mr. oher , do you know why I be here ? ( no response ) Mr. oher ?... michael ( v.0 . ) ( continued ) 4 5 continued : 5 investigator's.voice ( v.o. ) do you know , do you understand why I be here ? michael ( v.0 . ) to ... investigate . investigator's voice ( v.0 . ) yes . to investigate . I be here to investigate you odd ... predicament . 6 int . nondescript room - day 6 look like a government office . not much more than a desk on either side of which sit investigator granger , a African - american woman in a business suit , and Michael oher . Michael slump a bit , eye the ground and rub he hand on he knee - a nervous trait of he . granger do you find it odd ? you predicament ? ( no response ) Michael ?... michael iono [ I do not know ] ... investigator Granger sift through she briefcase , pull out file , document - a good bit of evidence for whatever trouble Michael be in . she sit back , stare at Michael , as if try to figure he out . Michael can not meet she gaze . he look out the window , rub he knee some more . michael ( cont 'd ) can I ... can I leave now ? granger ( with finality ) no . you can not . 7 int . ancient ford taurus _ day 7 superscript : two year before Michael sit in the back seat , behind steven hamilton , 14 , and he father , big tony , who drive . ( continued ) 5 7 continued : 7 not a word be speak as they drive through the street of west memphis - poverty ride . 8 ext . highway - day the Taurus exit into -- 9 ext . somewhat nicer area of town .- day 9 the Taurus pass a endless supply of church and strip joint , all of which Michael 's eye take in . 10 ext . east memphis - int / ext taurus - day ( later ) 10 we have go from slum to nice neighborhood - father and son play baseball , kid tend lemonade stand , sprinkler keep the grass emerald green . Michael 's face tell we he 's never see anything like this . 11 ext . wingate christian school -- day 11 the Taurus enter the parking lot fill with nice car . a12 a12 int . school hallway -- day Big tony stride down the almost empty hallway , spot a door . 12 int . wingate - cotton' office - day 12 bert cotton , football coach , clean off he desk , ready to leave for the day . Big tony knock at the door . big tony they say you the coach . cotton eye tony , offer a hand . cotton bert cotton . big tony tony Hamilton , but everybody call I Big tony . cotton what can I do for you , tony ? 13 ext . wingate - school ground - day 13 Steven and Michael eye the freshly paint building , the flower , the new playground jungle gym and outdoor hoop . ( continued ) 6 13 continued : 13 steven sure be pretty , huh , Big Mike ? Mike do not answer , just take it all in . Steven see and open a container fill to the brim with ball - football , basketball , four square ball . steven ( cont 'd ) not even lock ! michael White people be crazy . 14 int . wingate - cotton' office - day 14 Big tony and cotton be mid-discussion --- big tony you see I promise my mama boo , on she deathb , that I would get Steven outta public and into a church school . cotton I appreciate that but I be not involved with admission . big tony I figure I would come to you ; see as you might need some player . cotton what sport do he play ? big tony anything with a ball . good , too . he have cotton 's attention for a moment , then it pass ... cotton class start in a week . it would have to be for next semester . big tony I know what you be think , coach , but I get money . I be a mechanic at Wilson 's Auto t'other side of town . ( another try ) what if someone drop out or move ? could they get in then ? ( continued ) 7 14 continued : 14 cotton " they ? " you only mention one son . big tony Steven , yessir , but I bring another boy along . cotton another boy ? big tony yeah , Big Mike . he stay on we couch sometimes . it 's a bad deal . his mama 's on the crack pipe and he be not get nobody . he just want to come along with we today . cotton would ... Big Mike be a applicant as well ? big tony yeah , sure , why not . cotton sigh , consider what to do . cotton they would have to fill out application and make a appointment for interview . big tony I be hopin ' you might just interview them now . cotton they be here ? Big tony point out the . window to the playground where Steven and Michael be play one on one basketball . big tony the little one Steven and the big onex -- cotton Big Mike . big tony yeah . that 's right . intercut with : 8 15 ext . wingate - playground - day 15 for a boy he size Michael can really move . he dribble , fake leave , then fall away , make a long three pointer . cotton 's eye get a little wider as he watch -- Michael dribble the ball between he leg , behind he back and jump high , slamm the ball through the hoop . Big man be not suppose to move like this . cotton 's lip be almost quivering -- cotton mother of God ... 16 int . administration office board room - day 16 the board of admission , eight or so man and woman , be seat around a large conference table . by himself , at one end , sit bert cotton . cotton be there spot available or not ? paul sandstrom , principal , tap he finger before ... sandstrom technically , yes , in both grade . but we have a great responsibility than just fill classroom . Steven Hamilton 's paperwork look acceptable and I believe he would be capable of succeed here but the other kid -- sandstrom look through papers for the name . cotton Big Mike . sandstrom Michael oher give we no reason to believe , base on he record , that he would be successful here . cotton how bad could it be ? another board member , mrs . smith , pore over Michael 's file , which be a mess . she find fact and lay they out --- ( continued ) 9 16 continued : 16 mrs . smith we be not sure exactly how old he be due to lack of record . he have a measure iq of 80 . that 's 6th percentile . he 's be enrol in seven different institution , include a gap of eighteen month around the age of ten when he apparently do not attend school at all . he repeat first grade as well as second , there 's no record of attendance in third , and in fourth grade -- cotton so they move he ahead without go to third grade . that say something . mrs . smith ( ignoring cotton ) his attendance record be abysmal and he grade point average begin with a zero . Zero-point-six - silence around the room . mrs . boswell , a board member and science teacher , look to the other . mrs . boswell everyone pass he along - give he D 's so they could hand they problem off to the next school . cotton brave kid . ( off they confusion ) for want to come here . for want a quality education . a education deny he by the poor quality of the school he 's attend . most kid with he background would not come within two hundred mile of this place . mrs . smith coach cotton , we understand you interest in the young man' athletic ability . sandstrom he would not be able to play until he get he grade up anyway . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 10 16 continued : 16 cotton forget sport ! look at the wall . he point to the crest on the wall . beneath it : " neighborly , academic , christian " . cotton ( cont 'd ) Christian . we either take that seriously or we paint over it . you do not admit Michael oher for sport , you admit he because it 's the right thing to do . they face announce that he 's make a point . 17 ext . wingate - day 17 first day of class . student , mostly blonde-haire and blue - eye , wear crisply launder abercrombie and fitch , carry they backpack through the school 's arch and converse with friend they have not see over the summer . Michael enter frame . fill it up in fact . he stare at the arch . beneath the school name we read " with men this be . possible , with GOD all thing be possible " . Michael take a deep breath and enter . he carry he " school bag " - a plastic grocery sack . 18 ext . wingate - campus - day 18 just as before , Michael move at a different speed than that around he . make sense because he be different . not only the color of he skin but he size , he clothes ( short pants and T-shirt ) , he eye take in the pavement - all point to the fact that he do not belong here . small child from kindergarten and first grade give he a wide , cautious berth . he 's notice and ogle by everyone . 19 int . wingate - mrs . boswell's CLASS - day 19 it 's Mrs. boswell 's biology class and she 's write on the board in front of a full classroom when Michael enter . he pause and all eye go to he . Mrs. boswell do she best to stifle a gasp as she first lay eye on he . then ... mrs . boswell class , this be Mike oher and he 's new here so I expect you all to make he feel welcome . ( with a warm smile ) Mike , take any empty seat . ( continued ) 11 19 continued : 19 she urge he with a nod . Michael walk back and sit in the corner , look terrify . he barely fit in the seat . Mrs. boswell hand out a stack of papers to each row . as student pass they back to other ... mrs . boswell ( cont 'd ) this be a quiz base on the information you learn last year in you science curriculum . ( over groans ) do not worry . it will not be grade . I just want to see how much of the information we need to hit again . just answer whatever you know . the student in front of Michael hand a sheet back to he and eye the size of he foot . the student start to work while Michael stare at the sheet like it 's write in Greek . Mrs. boswell watch he for a few second before turn back to she work . 20 int . wingate - hallway - day ( later ) 20 a bell ring and kid leave classroom . 21 int . wingate - mrs . boswell's CLASS - day 21 Michael sit alone while Mrs. boswell collect the last of the papers . she walk over to Michael , look down at he sheet . nothing fill in , just he name scrawle at the top . she try to decide how to deal with this then opt for -- mrs . boswell it 's okay . michael can I leave now ? she nod and watch he stand and walk away . she glance down at the sheet , turn it over and see ... a drawing on the back - a boat on a ocean . on the boat be a single , stick figure person . it 's sweet but look like a third grader draw it . 12 22 int . big tony's apartment - night 22 Michael lie on a tatter sofa . the light be out but Michael 's eye be open , stare at the light emanate from beneath a close bedroom door . we hear voice ... woman' voice ( o.s ) why he gotta always stay here ? big tony's voice ( 0.s ) ai not get nowhere else . woman' voice ( o.s ) and how 's that you problem ? you the Red Cross all of a sudden ? Michael try to shut he eye . 23 23 ext . wingate - parking lot - day School be out . Steven walk up to Michael ... steven hey , Big Mike , um ... my pop ' girlfriend ... she do not really want you to stay with we no more . Big tony 's Taurus pull into the lot . steven ( cont 'd ) we can still give you ride if you want ? michael naw , it 's aright . Steven get in the Taurus . Michael watch it drive away . 24 24 int . wingate - gymnasium foyer - night a girl 's volleyball game be in progress in the bg . as latecomer move en masse for entry into the gym , a small pretty lady on a cell phone move . against the crowd ; a salmon on a mission . this be leigh anne tuohy . and she 's piss . leigh anne ( on cell phone ) I do not care if Patrick ramsey do approve the chair . he 's a NFL quarterback not martha frickin ' Stewart . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 13 24 continued : 24 she arrive at the concession stand and wait impatiently . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) there 's a difference between Bunny Williams and lazee-boy . ( to vendor ) Three large popcorn and two large diet . ( into cell ) when MTV crib come to he house he will be show off he home theatre but all I be gonna see be a brown barca-lounger . I be he designer , my name 's on it . deliver what I order !!! she hang up angry , spot a friend nearby and she frown turn into a smile that could light up a cave . leigh anne ( cont`d ) hi , sweetie ! we be on the kidspace committee together , be not we ?! it will be a hoot ! 25 int . wingate - gymnasium -- night 25 leigh Anne 's husband sean tuohy , handsome , confidant , and they 10 - year- old son , sj , sit , watch the game . during a time out , Sean eye the crowd , see something odd . in the upper corner of the gym sit Michael , by himself , rub he knee . other around he , all white , have move away . he 's a very large island in the lily white gym . sean s.j. , you know that kid ? sj what kid ? sean Black kid . up in the corner . SI be go to high school here . his name be Big something ... Big Mike . Sean eye Michael suspiciously . ( continued ) 14 25 continued : 25 sean he look like a volleyball fan to you ? leigh Anne , load up with refreshment , make she way up the stand to she family . she have a nod , a smile , a bon mot , for everyone she pass . as she sit ... leigh anne what would I miss ? sean Collins get a dig . SI it 's girl 's volleyball , Mom . you do not miss anything . leigh Anne give he a look then stand and shout -- leigh anne Collins ! move you foot ! on the court - collin tuohy , a beautiful 16 - year-old , sigh and give she mother a look - " do not embarrass I ! " 26 int . wingate - gymnasium - night ( later ) 26 the scoreboard tell we that the game be over . fan file out . the tuohy family wait in a group as the volleyball team exit the court . leigh anne Collins , we will wait outside . and do not double condition in the shower - you still have homework ! collin I be go over to cannon 's house to study . SI can I go.to the Johnson 's for dinner ? they invite I . leigh anne what 's so awful about we house ? Sean smile , shake he head as sj and Collins leave . ( continued ) 15 26 continued : 26 Sean 's eye go to the upper stand where he see Michael , alone , walk slowly , then bend down , pick something up , take a few more step and repeat the process . pick up left-over bag of popcorn . Sean consider this for a second before leave . 27 int . wingate - teacher's lounge - day 27 teacher drink stale coffee and chew on donut . first teacher ( bob ) well , the big guy 's be here a month and he be not cut it in my class . second teacher ( april ) why would admission do this ? it 's not fair to we or the boy . third teacher ( glenda ) just set he up to fail . bob I do not think he have any idea what I be teach . glenda and how would you know if he do ? he will not even talk . Mrs. boswell can not contain herself . mrs . boswell he write . april his name . barely . Mrs. boswell go to 'her purse , pull out a crumpled page . mrs . boswell he throw this in the trash can . ( read from the page ) " I look and I see white everywhere : white wall , white floor , and a lot of white people . the teacher do not know I have no idea of anything they be talk about . I do not want to listen to anyone , especially the teacher . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 27 continued : 27 mrs . boswell ( cont 'd ) they be give homework and expect I to do the problem on my own . I have never do homework in my life . I go to the bathroom , look in the mirror and say , " this be not Michael oher . " ( a pause for effect ) he entitle it " White wall . " the room be dead quiet . bob how 's the spelling ? Mrs. boswell stuff the page back in she purse and leave . 28 int . wingate - cafeteria -- day 28 Sean and coach cotton sip coffee while all around they student eat they lunch . they be look at Michael , who sit by himself without a tray in front of he . cotton if he make he grade he will be eligible in the spring . sean if he make he grade . cotton but boy-hidey , just look at he . cotton be admire Michael 's size but Sean see something else . he stand , walk over to Michael , who barely look up . sean what do you eat for lunch today ? michael here in the cafeteria . sean I do not ask where you eat , I ask what you eat . michael a few thing . sean do you need some money ? for lunch ? ( continued ) 17 28 continued : 28 michael I do not need any . Sean walk back over to coach cotton . sean buy he a semester lunch pass and put it on my bill . ( off cotton 's look ) he 's hungry . cotton you could tell that by look at he ? sean - I do not grow up all that different from he . at public school they give you free lunch , bert . and when food be finite , you would be surprised how much time you can spend think about it .. 29 int . wingate - mrs . boswell's CLASS - day 29 Mrs. boswell distribute a test to the class . mrs . boswell you will have one hour . if you finish early put it on my desk and sit quietly . she look at the class as they begin to work , then see Michael just stare at he test . she sigh , make a decision , rise and walk over . mrs . boswell ( cont`d ) Mike , come with I . 30 int . wingate - SMALL adjacent room - day 30 fill with supplies and a small desk . Mrs. boswell point and he sit . mrs . boswell you can take the test back here away from everybody else . I will sit in there so if there 's anything you do not understand you can ask . ( continued ) 18 30 continued : 30 Michael 's eye go to the page in front of he . he rub he hand on he knee and stare . Mrs. boswell wait a beat then scoot she chair over next to he . mrs . boswell ( cont 'd ) Mike , how about I ask the question and you tell I the answer or as much as you know . she look at he hand - huge next to hers - then read : mrs . boswell ( cont 'd ) protozoan be classified base on : a ) how they get they food , b ) how they reproduce , c ) how they move , or d ) both a and c. Michael just stare . after a long moment michael iono ... mrs . boswell just try . ask question if you do not understand . but still Michael stare at the page . the look on she face say she 's about to give up when he lift he eye to she and point to -- -- the question on the test - specifically to the word " classified " . mrs . boswell ( cont 'd ) " classify " . it mean how thing be group together . michael like we " class " ? mrs . boswell exactly . this science course be classified base on what grade y'all be in . eleventh . Michael nod understanding . mrs . boswell ( cont 'd ) okay , Mike , you ready to answer the question ? ( continued ) 19 30 continued : 30 he look at she . 31 int . wingate - teacher's lounge - day 31 same group of teacher . Mrs. boswell burst through the door , hold the test . mrs . boswell he know it ! bob who know it and what do he know ? mrs . boswell the material . Michael oher . I give he this test verbally . she hold up the test -- mark with a large red " C " . april on how big a curve ? mrs . boswell he 's be listen the whole time . it 's amazing what he 's absorb . and , trust I , he 's listen to you , too . okay , so he read level be low and he have no idea how to learn in a classroom , but ... ( make she point ) I be not say he 's go to pass but Big Mike be not stupid . 32 ext . wingate - campus - day 32 School be out and Michael walk among the kid of all shape and size . two little kindergarten girl 'try and swing themselves . Michael stop nearby , watch they . michael they be stick , not sure if they should talk to this " stranger " . they jump off the swing and run away . SI ( os ) smile at them . Michael turn to see Si nearby , watch he . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 20 32 continued : 32 sj ( cont 'd ) it let they know you be they friend . do you know that even little kid bear blind smile ? they have never see anyone do it before but they smile anyway . so it 's universal . that 's why it work . not that you should fake it or anything ... you be Big Mike , right ? Sean hold . out a fist for Mike to " knock " and the two walk toward the school entrance . sj ( cont 'd ) I be Sean , but everyone call I Si -- that 's for Sean junior because my father 's name be Sean . Sean tuohy . he be a basketball star at ole miss , point guard , and now he own like a million Taco bell . leigh Anne 's car pull up to the pick up / drop off and Si start toward it . sj ( cont 'd ) manana ' . Michael smile at the kid , who smile back . 33 int . leigh anne's car - day 33 leigh Anne notice Michael as she drive past he . leigh anne who 's that sj ? SI Big Mike . leigh anne get you foot off my dash . 34 ext . wingate - pick up / drop off - day 34 Michael watch leigh Anne 's car disappear . sandstrom ( o.s. ) Big Mike ?... ( continued ) 21 34 continued : 34 Michael turn to see Paul sandstrom , the principal . 35 ext . wingate - day ( a few minute later ) 35 Michael and sandstrom sit on a bench . sandstrom Mike , I just get a call from someone at the police department . ( off Michael 's look ) do you remember the story in the papers awhile back about the man who fall off a overpass ? ( Michael shake he head ) no one know who he be and they be not sure if he jump , or if ... at any rate he pass away . sandstrom struggle with how to say the word . sandstrom ( cont 'd ) Mike , the man ... be you father . Michael take this in . without show emotion . sandstrom ( cont 'd ) they have be look for someone to notify and come across you name on we registry . I be really sorry , son . ( no response ) be you close ? ( Michael shake he head ) when do you last see he ? michael iono . sandstrom I will try and find out where he 's bury . maybe we could go visit ? Michael nod , then rise and walk away . 36 ext . another STREET - day ( later ) 36 Michael sit at a bus stop with he bag , rise as a bus stop in front of he . 37 omitted 37 the blind side -- yellow draft - 04/15/09 22 38 int . laundromat - night 38 pretty seedy . Michael walk to a sink in the back , open he plastic sack , pull out a extra T-shirt and start to wash it . a woman , the only other patron , read a magazine . when he turn to look at she , she become quite nervous . she set down the magazine and walk outside . it seem Michael be expect this because as soon as she leave he take he wet T-shirt , wring it - out , walk to she dryer and toss the shirt inside to dry with she thing . 39 ext . laundromat - night ( later ) 39 Michael sit in the corner , he head rest against the window , try to sleep . dissolve to : 40 ext . wingate - auditorium - night 40 a banner over the arch read : thanksgive pageant tonight ! kid in costume - pilgrim , Indians , turkey - race out the door to greet they proud parent . Si , in a ornate headdress look for and spot Sean and leigh Anne wave . they walk away together toward the parking lot . 41-42 omitted 41-42 43 int . sean be BMW - parking lot - night 43 as they exit the parking lot -- leigh anne turn on the heat ! sean I do not know where it be . leigh anne it 's fifteen degree , you have have this car a month and you do not know how to turn on the heat ?! ( as she turn it on ) what would you do without.me ? sean lot of thing you will never know about . ( continued ) 23 43 continued : 43 they trade a look and a smile . Sean put a.hand on she lap . SI get a room . leigh anne Si , do not let this go to you head but I think you be very convincing in the role of ... uh ... SI indian number Three . I try out for the Chief but they give it to Andy sung . I can not be sure but I think there be some multi-cultural bias thing work . sean or maybe they just think he would make a better Chief . SI dad , he 's like chinese . leigh anne and you be irish . if you be not the Chief how come you get the headdress ? Si hesitates a bit before -- SI dad , I be gonna need a few more of that free quesadilla ticket . leigh anne ( laugh ) and where do the acorn fall ? sean do not laugh too hard . the quesadilla save we ass . a44 ext . STREET - night a44 Sean 's car stop at a red light and Michael cross in front of they , wear just he short and short sleeve shirt . b44 int . sean be car - night b44 leigh Anne notice Michael -- ( continued ) 24 b44 continued : b44 leigh anne what be he wear ? it 's below freezing . what 's he name again ? sean and sj Big Mike . leigh anne where 's he go ? she give Sean a look . Sean roll down he window . sean hey , Big Mike ! Michael stop in the crosswalk , look to the car . sean ( cont 'd ) where you headin' ? michael gym.._. Sean nod , roll he window back up and drive as the light turn green . leigh anne the gym ? it 's nine o'clock . no answer to this . they drive another half block , before -- leigh anne ( cont 'd ) turn around . Sean sigh , know better than to argue . 44 ext . STREET - night 44 the BMW pull to a stop alongside Michael . leigh Anne get out , walk up to Michael . leigh anne Big Mike , my name be leigh Anne tuohy . my kid go to wingate . you say you be go to the gym ? Michael slowly nod . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) the school gym 's close . Michael take this in but do not respond . ( continued ) 25 44 continued : 44 leigh anne ( cont 'd ) why be you go to the gym ? ( again no answer ) Big Mike ?! why be you go to the gym ? michael because ... it 's warm . this hit she all at once . she bite she lip . leigh anne do you have anywhere to stay tonight ? Michael eye the ground , then nod . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) do not you dare lie to I . 45 int . sean be BMW - night 45 Sean and sj watch the discussion without hearing any of it . leigh Anne look to Sean , then back to Michael . sean I have see that look many time . she 's about to get she way . leigh Anne make she way back to the car , with Michael in tow . she open the back door and he get in next to sj in he headdress . leigh Anne climb into the front seat , close the door . Sean be look at she . sean ( cont 'd ) where we go ? leigh anne Home . 46 ext . ritzy neighborhood - night 46 the car enter the driveway of a beautiful home and stop . 47 int . sean be BMW - night 47 Michael 's eye be freeze at the sight . to he it look like a mansion . Hell , it be a mansion . the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 26 48 int . tuohy house - family room - night 48 Collins , in she pjs , talk on the phone while watch tv and listen to the stereo . she wear a tangerine cleanse masque on she face . when the family enter behind she -- collin how would the dork do in the play ? she turn to see ... Sean , leigh Anne , sj in headdress and Big Mike . collin ( cont 'd ) um ... okay ... 49 int . tuohy house - live room - night ( later ) 49 leigh Anne lay out pillow , sheet , blanket on the couch . leigh anne I would give you the guest bedroom but it 's full of sample box . and the sectional in the family room slide apart when you sleep on it . at least that 's what Sean say . michael Mr. tuohy sleep on the couch ? leigh anne only when he 's bad . there 's a powder room right there and we be upstairs if you need we . the two share a look , then ... leigh anne ( cont 'd ) sleep tight , honey . she leave . Michael be dumbfounded , stare at everything in the room , then sit on the couch . sj psst ... sj be in the doorway to the kitchen . sj ( cont 'd ) if you can not sleep , my room be the first one at the top of the back stair . I get X - box , madden , everything . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 26 a 49 continued : 49 Michael nod then smile . sj smile back , give a thumb up and disappear . Michael 's eye go to a coffee table book ( continued ) 27 49 continued : 49 norman rockwell . on the cover be " freedom from want " - picture a family sit around a dinner table . 50 int . tuohy house -- sean and leigh anne's bedroom - night 50 they lie in bed , awake . leigh anne be this a bad idea ? sean what ? leigh anne do not lie there and pretend you be not think the same thing as I . sean Fine , tell I what you be think so I can know what 's suppose to be on my mind . leigh anne how well do you know Big Mike ? sean in case you have not notice he do not have much to say . what 's the big deal ? it 's just one night . ( after a beat ) it be just one night , right ?.. leigh Anne ?... leigh anne do you think he will steal anything ? sean I guess we will know in . the morning . he roll over to go to sleep . leigh Anne just sit , stare . 51 int . tuohy house - sean and leigh anne's bedroom - day 51 leigh Anne finish teasing she hair . Sean ride a exercise bike . before she leave the room ... leigh anne if you hear a scream call the insurance adjustor . 28 52 int . tuohy house - collin ' bedroom - day 52 leigh Anne enter Collins ' bedroom . very " teenage girl " but a mess - clothes everywhere . leigh Anne open the curtain throw light into the room . leigh anne up and at them . Collins groan . leigh Anne pick up a few piece of clothes . on she way out and groan at the mess . we stay with she as she re-enter the hallway , walk and open the door to -- 53 int . tuohy house - sj bedroom - day 53 just as messy but not all clothes . leigh Anne almost trip on a series of wire connect game to a large screen tv . leigh anne Sean junior ! she open the shade . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) clean this place up before you come downstairs . you hear I ? Si crawl out of bed and leigh Anne exit the room and start down the stair , almost afraid of what she will find . 54 int . tuohy house - live room - day 54 leigh Anne stop , stare -- the couch be totally back to normal and the sheet , blanket and pillow be neatly stack in almost military precision . no sign of Michael . leigh anne Mike ? Big Mike ?! nothing . she hear a dog barking in the neighborhood and move to the window to look out . 55 ext . tuohy house - day 55 Michael , plastic sack in hand , walk away . leigh Anne exit the front door , spot Michael and try to catch up . leigh anne Big Mike ! ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft -- 04/15/09 29 55 continued : 55 he stop , turn . leigh Anne walk over . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? michael iono . leigh anne be you spend Thanksgiving with you family ? Michael shake he head . 56 int . tuohy house - kitchen -- day ( later ) 56 leigh . Anne carve turkey onto a tray and take it into ... 57 int . tuohy house - family room -- day 57 leigh Anne set the turkey on a serve table alongside the rest of the tuohy Thanksgiving feast . leigh anne come and get it ! Sean sit at the tv , " watch a ole miss football game , while sj play . video game on another . Collins chat on she cell . Michael sit off to the side , take it all in . sean sj , ole miss be about to score ! SI which mean they be about to fumble . they all shuffle over , grab plate , start pile on food . Sean load he plate and head back to the couch . sean look great , hon . Collins plate be pretty delicately apportion . collin I see a lot of starch . sj jam turkey into a roll and lather on cranberry sauce - create a easy to eat sandwich . he walk away . ( continued ) 30 57 continued : 57 Michael stare - he 's never see so much food . leigh Anne hand he a plate . he gingerly put a slice of . turkey on it . leigh anne as much as you want . ( walk away ) oh , the potato salad ! with no one watch he , Michael shove two roll into he pants pocket and finish fill he plate . leigh Anne reenter to see Michael sit at the dining room table , alone , not touch he plate . her eye go to the rest of she family , shove down food and play game . she make a decision , grab the remote and turn off the tvs . 58 int . tuohy house - dine room - day 58 the entire family sit at the table . rockwell would be proud . SI why be we eat in here ? leigh Anne hold out she hand . leigh anne shall we say grace ? the tuohy family plus Michael hold hand . Collins stare at she tiny hand intertwined with Michael 's . as leigh Anne pray Michael try to emulate behavior without close he eye , take it all in ... leigh anne ( cont 'd ) heavenly Father . we thank you for all you many blessing on this family . we thank you for bring we a new friend . and we ask that you look after . we in this holiday season and never let we forget just how very fortunate we be . amen . a chorus of amen and they all dig in . Michael be unsure at first how to correctly use the silverware . he pick up the fork and leigh Anne nod , " that 's right " . she eye Michael 's stain shirt . ( continued ) 31 58 continued : 58 leigh anne ( cont 'd ) Big Mike , do you like to shop ? ( off he look ) because tomorrow I think I be gonna have to show you how it 's do . 59 int . leigh anne's car -- day 59 leigh Anne drive and Michael sit shotgun . michael I qot clothes . leigh anne you " have " clothes .. and a extra T - shirt in a plastic bag do not a wardrobe make . he look out the window . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) okay , fine , let 's go get them . just tell I where I be go . no answer . frustrate , she pull the car over to the curb and put it in park . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) tell I everything I need to know about you . he still stare out the window . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) who take care of you ? ( no answer ) a mother ? do you have a mother ? ( no response ) a grandmother maybe ? nothing . leigh Anne turn off the car . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) look , Big Mike , we can do this the easy way - or we can do it the hard way . take you pick . he eye the floor . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) Fine . tell I one thing I should know about you . one thing ! ( continued ) 32 59 continued : 59 after a beat ... michael I do not like to be call Big Mike . she be not expect this , nod she head . leigh anne okay . Mike or Michael ? ( off he shrug ) tell you what , from now on , to I , ' you be Michael . so , ... Michael , where we head ? 60 ext . hurt village housing project - day 60 a expansive beehive of rotting housing . it 's the place we see when we first laid eye on Michael and nothing 's change . leigh Anne 's car stop at one of the complex . leigh anne this be where you mother life ? he nod and she open she door . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's go . he forcefully reach across she and close the door , catch she off guard . michael do not get out ! leigh anne who 's go to help you with you clothes ? michael ( pointed ) do not get out of the car . Michael get out on he side and take care to push the lock before he close the door . she watch as he walk toward the structure , then notice several of the local not 'er - do - well eyeing she . she lock the door again , just for luck . 33 61 ext . hurt village - day 61 Michael walk slowly past a few gang - banger on the step . the obvious leader , alton , eye he . alton Big Mike ! where you be ?! Michael ignore , keep walk . alton ( cont 'd ) and who 's that fine piece o' thing drive you around ? one of alton 's minion , david , sit nearby . Michael see he , nod . michael hey , David . David , a little embarrassed to be with alton , nod back . 62 ext . hurt village - different apartment - day 62 Michael arrive at a apartment and stop , take aback . on the door be a eviction notice and padlock . he read from the eviction for several second . a addict down the way fire up and slump into bliss . a63 ext . hurt village - minute later a63 with leigh Anne 's car in the bat , Michael , hide from view slump against a wall , look lose - the first real emotion we have see from-him . 63 int . leigh anne's car - day ( later ) 63 she watch as Michael approach the building with nothing in he hand , and make he way back to the car . she unlock it and he crawl inside . after a pregnant moment ... michael she wad not home . leigh anne we can come back . Michael take this in , look out the window . ( continued ) 34 63 continued : 63 michael she probably move to a nicer place . 64 ext . big and tall shop - day 64 wrong side of the track . Michael and leigh Anne cross the street toward the shop . leigh anne I have live in Memphis my whole life and never be anywhere near here . you be go to take care of I , right ? michael I get you back . leigh anne that 's good to know . thank you . as they start to walk , leigh Anne reach up and take Michael 's arm . he hold it out for she . 65 int . big and tall shop - day ( moment later ) 65 a african american salesman direct leigh Anne and Michael . salesman everything I get to fit he will be - right here . leigh anne this be it ? if this be all you get why 's it say " Big and tall " on the sign ? salesman Big and tall . you need " bigger and taller " . he walk away . she start to pore through the small rack . leigh anne anything you like ? ( he shrug ) the one thing I know about shopping be that if you do not absolutely love it in the store , you will not wear it . the store be where you like it best . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 65 continued : 65 leigh anne ( cont 'd ) and before you choose something think about yourself wear it and ask yourself : be this I ? she find one shirt , hold it out . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) what about this ? he shake he head , " no " . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) ( another shirt ) this be not atrocious . she he shake he head again . after a beat he point . almost laugh . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) this one ? this be the one you like ? he nod , completely sure . 66 ext . wingate - day 66 Drop off area . leigh Anne 's car pull up and sj , Collins and Michael get out . leigh anne have a great day . learn something ! they say a few good - by , get out and walk toward the arch . only then do we see what Michael be wear : a gargantuan orange and maroon stripe rugby shirt . leigh Anne shake she head , watch he walk away . a car behind she honk . she check the rear view mirror -- leigh anne ( cont 'd ) do not get you panty in a wad . 67 int . tony restaurant - day 67 lady who lunch . the right sort do they thing . leigh Anne sit at a table with three friend , beth , elaine and sherry . they sip on lemon water and nibble at salad . beth the best part about Paris be the food . ( more ) ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft -- 04/15/09 36 67 continued : 67 beth ( cont 'd ) they use sauce like we use gravy . I have to join a gym the day 'we get back . leigh anne any of y'all spend much time on the other side of town ? elaine on the freeway . sherry where exactly be you talk about ? leigh anne Alabama Street ... hurt Village . beth hurt Village -- that sound like a threat . leigh anne you be not far off . sherry it would " hurt " I to go there . elaine it would certainly hurt you reputation to go there . beth ( tongue in cheek ) I be actually from there but do not mind hard work and look where I be now . leigh anne eat a eighteen dollar salad . beth and it 's a little soggy to be honest . sherry such a shame . beth ( be : she salad ) yes it be . ( continued ) 37 67 continued : 67 sherry Civil rights be responsible for some good thing but that program - building ugly , low cost housing . I mean how could you be creative if you live there ? it 's stifling . elaine do you know that black man be employ at a higher rate before that program ? it 's a fact . beth they be not " black " , Elaine . the term du jour be African - american . elaine and what if they be from Jamaica , or like bermuda . sherry then they be bermudian - Americans . they all cringe and laugh . elaine so , why be you ask about the project , leigh . Anne ? another one of you charity ? beth a project for the project . that 's catchy . money would raise itself . ( off they laugh ) do not laugh . Count I in , leigh Anne . and they laugh harder . leigh Anne smile , bite she lip . 68 int . tuohy house - kitchen - night 68 sj and Michael sit at the island do they homework . SI it can not be that hard . michael oh , yeah ?... Si look at the Michael 's notebook . ( continued ) 38 68 continued : 68 SI there be different part of a sentence and you just have to draw line show what they do . Sean stop by the refrigerator for a cold drink while he talk on he cell ... sean ( into cell ) they be gonna get rid of that store in Florida ... I will look it over now but I need the sale figure by tomorrow morning . sj dad , you remember how to diagram sentence ? sean Nah . Sean start to leave , then stop at the door , turn around , sigh and walk over . he lean in over Michael . sean ( cont 'd ) let 's see ... michael you do not have to help . ( off sean's. look ) I mean if you be busy or somethin' . sean I know . ( point to page ) think of a sentence like a football team . this be a noun here , see ? that 's like the team name or what they be know for - whether they be a run team or a pass team . and this be the verb . that 's what make them go - like a star player -- maybe a quarterback , maybe a run back . and this be a adjective - everybody ooh and ah over adjective but they be not as important as verb . SI they be like wide receiver . ( continued ) 39 68 continued : 68 sean or kicker . Michael just stare at they . sean ( cont 'd ) you have no idea what we be talk about , do you ? michael not exactly . they all laugh . nearby leigh Anne watch , fixate on the image of the three . Sean have a arm on Michael 's shoulder . she smile , almost sadly . 69 int . tuohy house - live room -- night ( later ) 69 leigh Anne hand over clean sheet and pillow to Michael , who start to make the bed . leigh anne do you want to stay here , Michael ? he keep work . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) because if you want to ... stay ... for awhile ... longer ... I will try and find some time to figure out a bedroom for you . he stop , turn to she . she walk over , examine the structure of the couch . it sag a bit . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) I mean , look at this , you have practically ruin a.ten thousand dollar couch . she move closer to he . her face soften . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) do you want to stay here , Michael ? michael I do not want to go anyplace else . she 's a bit befuddle by the response . ( continued ) 40 69 continued : 69 leigh anne well , ... alright then . 70 int . wingate - boardroom - day 70 leigh Anne sit in a chair read through Michael 's file . leigh anne I see here on the admission that we be Michael 's contact for medical emergency ? Mrs. Smith ( from the admission meeting ) sit with she . mrs . smith Sean write that in last week . we need a contact number and the one list be not in service . leigh anne Love that man . leigh Anne pull out another sheet , hand it over ... leigh anne ( cont`d ) what 's this ? mrs . smith the state make school measure for career aptitude in eighth grade . it come with he 'file . leigh anne they try to figure out what a kid 's go to be in the eighth grade ? what do . it say about Michael ? Mrs. Smith nod and read over Michael 's result . mrs . smith do not look promise . spatial relation - third percentile .. ability to learn - fifth percentile . ( see another number ) it 's funny though . he test in the 98th percentile in one category . leigh anne which one ? ( continued ) 41 70 continued : 70 mrs . smith " protective instinct . " leigh Anne smile and hand the file back . mrs . smith ( cont 'd ) it 's just so sad . leigh Anne consider this , then ... leigh anne yes , it be sad . so sad . but he either do not know it or do not think so and it 's my job , and you job , to make sure he do not find out . ( off Mrs. Smith 's look ) Michael oher do not feel sorry for himself and I will be damned if he start to because of the way we treat he . ( again off she look ) " darn . " 71 int . tuohy house - michael' bedroom - day 71 now turn into Michael 's room , with a armoire , a chest of drawer , night stand , the whole nine yard . the bed be a massive futon in a ornate stand . leigh Anne and Michael stand in the doorway . leigh anne I have to put half my sample in storage but well , anyway , back there 's a desk . ( point as she talk ) chest o'drawer . night stand . lamp . alarm clock . bed . Sean say a lot of pro athlete use futon if they can not find a big enough bed . Michael do not dare touch anything , just stare in awe . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) well , try it out . see if it feel okay . he gingerly move to the bed ; touch it . ( continued ) 42 71 continued : 71 michael it 's mine ? leigh anne yeah . ( off he look ) what ? michael never have one before . leigh anne ( confuse ) a room to yourself ? michael a bed . we can see this unsettle she . she turn away a bit , try to contain herself . leigh anne well , you get one now . 72 int . tuohy house - upstair hallway - day 72 she leave the room , walk down the hall and enter -- 73 int . tuohy house - sean and leigh anne's bedroom - day 73 she.close the door behind she , sit on the bed and start to tear up . she fight it unsuccessfully . 74 int . tuohy house - upstair hallway - day 74 outside the door Michael stand , unsure what to do . 75 int . wingate - adjacent room - day 75 Mrs. boswell give Michael - in a red and blue rugby shirt - a oral test ... mrs . boswell define osmosis , Michael . michael I think I know that . it 's when water ... 43 76 int . wingate - mrs . boswell's CLASS - day ( later ) 76 Mrs. boswell grade the paper and put C + at the top . 77 int . wingate - history teacher's classroom - day 77 Michael , this time wear a GREEN and gold rugby shirt , be orally test by glenda ... glenda name the combatant in the battle of waterloo . michael I know that . the little guy , napoleon be on one side and ... 78 int . wingate - glenda's classroom - day ( later ) 78 glenda mark down a C - 79 int . wingate - school cafeteria - day 79 Michael , in another rugby shirt , this one black and yellow , carry a tray and sit with sj , who start laugh . michael what ? sj enough with the rugby shirt . you look like a giant bumble bee . Collins walk by with friend and glance but ignore they . girl student who 's the big guy hang around with you little brother ? collin just another one of Mom 's project . girl student that must get incredibly old . Collins ' look say , " yes it do . " 80 omitted 80 81 int . wingate - bob' literature CLASS -- day ( later ) 81 Bob grade Michael 's paper . he write " D " . 44 82 int . sean be BMW - night 82 the whole family , include Michael , ride in the car . sj point out fast food restaurant along the way -- SI that Taco Bell . the kfc catty corner . the Long John silver on the next block . michael you own all of 'ern ? sj yeah . we have get hundred . collin ' ( correcting ) a hundred and fifteen . michael be that why Mr. tuohy do not have to go to work ? sean hey , hey now . I be work even when I be not work . michael and y'all eat at that place for free ? SI all you want . it 's awesome . michael what do y'all do with the leftover food ? at the restaurant ? , sean well , we have to throw some of it away . what 's already be cook . michael that 's too bad . sean yeah , I would rather sell it . ( continued ) 45 82 continued : 82 SI seem like you could give it away or something ? you should check into that , daddy . leigh Anne and Sean share a look and a smile . sean all right , I will . michael why be not we eatin ' at one of yours tonight ? sean . because tonight be a special occasion . sj what ? sean I talk to coach cotton today . Michael 's grade improve enough that he can do spring ' training for football in March . leigh anne be not that great ? SI oh , man , you be gonna crush some people ! Michael almost smile , a little unsure . 83 ext . fancy restaurant - night 83 Sean 's car pull up to the valet . as the family get out leigh Anne notice a bookstore next door and start for it . leigh anne I have get a design book I need to get . Sean , go check on we reservation . sean they will seat we when we walk in the door . you can get the book after dinner . ( continued ) 46 83 continued : 83 leigh anne ( already walk away ) they might be close by then . collin I need some new magazine . sj shrug and join the girl , as do Michael . Sean watch as he family desert he . 84 int . bookstore - night 84 leigh Anne find the book she 's look for and walk through the stack look for she kid , plus Michael . she find they all together in the child 's section , laugh . leigh anne come on , you dad 's already po'e . Collins hold up a book . sendak 's where the wild thing be . collin remember this one , Mom ? you read it to we like a thousand time . she soften , walk over , take the book . leigh anne " and he gnash he terrible tooth and roar he terrible roar . - SI I always like this one . he hold up the story of ferdinand . leigh anne yeah , I too . leigh Anne see Michael leave out , but interested . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) Michael , you mama ever read either one of that to you ? he just stare at she , the answer obvious . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) no one ever ... 47 85 ext . fancy restaurant - night 85 the tuohy family exit and wait for the valet . sean now that be a good steak . collin thanks , daddy . michael thanks . sean you be welcome . as the car pull up everyone walk toward it except Michael who notice something else -- at the side door : a busboy step outside for a smoke . Michael absently walk over . sean ( cont`d ) Michael ?... leigh Anne touch Sean 's arm , silencing he . they watch as -- Michael greet the busboy . they stand a few foot apart talk . they nod at each other and after a few second -- they hug . leigh Ann be amaze . she 's never see affection in Michael . 86 int . sean be BMW - night ( minute later ) 86 as they drive home . leigh anne who be that boy you be talk to , Michael ? at the restaurant . michael Marcus . leigh anne he work there ? michael yeah . ( continued ) 48 86 86 continued : leigh anne and how do you know Marcus ? michael he 's my brother . complete silence in the car . leigh Anne finally break it -- leigh anne well , I would like to meet he someday . would that be okay with you ? michael I do not know where he stay . leigh anne when 's the last time you see he , Michael ? michael when I be little mebbe . 87 87 int . tuohy house - hallway - night Collins sit on the floor in the hallway near a door , smile sadly and secretly listen to --- leigh anne's voice " once upon a time in Spain , there be a little bull -- " a88 a88 int . tuohy house - michael be bedroom - night - same a strange sight . leigh Anne , sj and Michael all sit on Michael 's huge futon as leigh Anne read the story of ferdinand . no one enjoy this more than leigh Anne ... leigh anne " ... and he name be ferdinand . all the other little bull he live with would run and jump and butt they head together , but not ferdinand . he like to sit just quietly and smell the flower " ... 88 88 int . tuohy house - sean and leigh anne's bedroom - night leigh Anne and Sean sit in bed . Sean put he book on the night stand and lean over to give leigh Anne a kiss . he notice she smile ... ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft -- 04/15/09 49 88 continued : 88 sean what ? leigh anne huh ? sean why be you smile ? leigh anne I do not know . I be just happy . really happy . sean does. this happiness have anything to do with Michael ? leigh anne no . it have everything to do with Michael . Sean smile , kiss she , turn off the light . she snuggle next to he and kiss the back of he neck . sean oh ... he get the message , roll over and kiss she on the lip . sean ( cont 'd ) happy 's good . as they amorous activity continue ... leigh anne I think we should start a charity . for kid like he . sean ( he mind elsewhere ) sure , okay . leigh anne maybe fund a program at wingate . sean absolutely ... leigh anne be you even listen to I ? ( continued ) 50 88 continued : 88 sean I try to concentrate on one thing at a time . leigh anne you know I be a multi-tasker when you marry I . she kiss he and they roll over , laugh . 89 int . tuohy house - live room - day 89 the tuohy family , dress nice , pose in front of a blue ' and red artificial Christmas tree adorn entirely with ole miss ornament . they be pose for a photograph . photographer okay , big smile everyone ! flash ! leigh Anne smile but notice --- Michael sit on the couch by himself . leigh anne Michael ! come over here and get in the next one . Sean give she a look like she 's crazy . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) we do not have a single picture with he . ( off Sean 's sigh ) oh , come on . it 's not like I be gonna put it on the Christmas card . Michael move in behind the family , dwarf they . photographer okay , really big smile . one , two , three ... say rebel ! flash to : the tuohy family christmas card - including michael 90 int . tuohy house - family room - day 90 New Year 's Day . Sean , Si and Michael watch football . Collins sit on the couch read . leigh Anne come in the front door with grocery . ( continued ) 51 90 continued : 90 leigh anne who 's win ? SI Tennessee . leigh anne too bad . who be they play ? sean so you root against Tennessee no matter who they be play ? leigh anne yep . with gusto . SI ( to michael ) she can not stand Tennessee . leigh anne collie-bell , I think you be go to you boyfriend 's ? collin I be just gonna hang around here today . leigh anne I like that . sean coupla message on the machine . she push play on the message machine . message machine hey , leigh Anne , it 's Patrick ramsey . intercut with : a91 int . WASHINGTON redskin locker room - day a91 patrick ramsey , on he cell phone , near he locker ... patrick ramsey you send I this measurement for clothes and I post them in the locker room for donation but there 's a problem . ( more ) ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft -- 04/15/09 52 a91 continued : a91 patrick ramsey ( cont 'd ) I mean , be you sure the size be right , because there 's nobody on we team who 's that big ? gimme a call . back to scene :. b91 int . tuohy house - family room - day b91 leigh Anne chuckle as the next message begin -- message machine hey , Sean , hey leigh Anne , it 's cousin Bobby . happy New year ! intercut with : c91 int . cousin bobby's house - day c91 Bobby sit in he recliner , talk on phone ... cousin bobby listen , I have have about five cold one so 'I be just gonna go ahead and ask ... who 's the color boy in y'all 's , Christmas Card ? back to scene : d91 int . tuohy house - family room - day d91 leigh Anne and Sean look at each other and laugh . elaine ( v.0 . ) leigh Anne , you look teeny - tiny next to he . 91 int . tony restaurant - day 91 leigh Anne sit at a table with she lunch buddy . they be finish up and be all laugh hard except leigh Anne . elaine it be like you be jessica Lange and he be King Kong . sherry I tape you card to , the fridge . the next morning Frank almost gag on he orange juice . ( continued ) 53 91 continued : 91 beth do Michael get the family discount at Taco Bell ? because if he do Sean 's gonna lose a few store . more laughter . leigh anne look , he 's a great kid . elaine I say just make it official and adopt he . Big laugh at the " crazy " idea . leigh anne he will be eighteen in a few month . ( off they confusion ) so , I mean it would not make much sense to legally adopt he , right ? they realize she 's think about it and stop laugh . after a awkward beat of silence ... sherry be this some kind of white guilt thing , leigh Anne ? I mean charity 's the Lord 's work but ... elaine what will you daddy say ? leigh anne before or after he turn over in he grave ? daddy 's go five year now , Elaine , and to make matter worse you be at the funeral . you wear chanel with that awful black hat . before Elaine can attack -- leigh anne ( cont 'd ) look , here 's the deal . I do not need any of y'all to approve of my choice . but I do ask you to respect they . you have no idea what this boy 's be through . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 91 , continued : 91 leigh anne ( cont 'd ) and if this be go to be a run diatribe I can find a overpriced salad a lot closer to home . sherry I be so sorry , leigh Anne . we do not intend to -- elaine no , we do not , really -- beth I mean , what you be do be so great . to open you home to he . you be change he life . leigh Anne smile to herself , realize ... leigh anne no . he 's change mine . elaine that 's awesome for you , but ... what about Collins ? leigh anne what about Collins ? elaine be not you worried , even just a little ? ( off leigh Anne ) I mean he be a boy , a large , black boy , sleep under the same roof . leigh Anne stare at they , shake she head then grab the check --- leigh anne I have get this . ( rise ; to the group ) shame on you . and stride away . 92 int . tuohy house - collin ' room - night 92 Collins be read in bed . leigh Anne knock , enter and sit on the edge of the bed . ( continued ) 55 92 92 continued : leigh anne be honest with I now , okay ? Collins nod , have no idea what she mother be about to say . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) be Michael be here weird for you ? collin they be stupid kid , who care what they say . leigh anne what kid ? collin at school . they be juvenile . leigh anne and what do the juvenile kid say ? collin it 's really not worth repeat . and do not worry about sj - he love the attention . he introduce Michael as he big brother . leigh anne what about you ? collin it 's fine . ( off leigh Anne 's look ) I mean , you can not just throw he out on the street . leigh anne I can make other arrangement . ( off Collins ' hesitance ) just let I know . okay ?... leigh Anne kiss Collins goodnight . 93 93 ext . wingate - playground - day Michael walk up to the two little kindergarten girl from before , sit in the swing . he smile . they smile back . first little girl hi Mike . ( continued ) 56 93 continued : 93 michael hi. need a push ? they giggle and Michael push they , one arm each until they be fly high and squealing . nearby Collins watch . 94 int . wingate - library - day 94 Collins be sit with she friend , laugh and whisper . she notice Michael enter and walk to a table with a book . he sit alone while every other table be full . Collins sigh , make up she mind and stand with she book . friend where be you go ? Collins walk away toward Michael . friend ( cont 'd ) Collins ? they be aghast when they see Collins set down she book across from Michael and sit . at michael' table Michael be confuse . she look at he and shake she head . collin quit look at I like that . I mean , we study together at home . eye in the library be on the pair as they start to read . 95 ext . wingate -- practice field - day 95 several player , in full gear , drag equipment out onto the field under the watchful eye of bert cotton . Sean tuohy sit in the nearby stand . Michael carry four block dummy to the center of the field and toss they like they be pillow . cotton smile . cotton you know how much that thing weigh ? this kid 's gonna make we all famous . ( continued ) 57 95 95 continued : sean easy , bert . it 's only the spring and he have not even be through he first practice . ( later ) 96 96 ext . wingate - practice field - day Michael be line up at defensive tackle . the offense break the huddle and Michael just stand there . he notice the other defensive linemen get in a stance and kind of squat a bit . when the ball be snap he just hold he hand out , keep the blocker from get close to he body . the run back race right past he and into the secondary . the whistle blows and cotton race up to Michael . cotton okay , Mike , you fight off the block but you have get to shuck he and make the tackle . you get it ? next play Michael get down in a he stance and when the ball be snap he get under the blocker and lift he up like wwf . the quarterback go back to pass and see Michael lumber toward he with the lineman on he shoulder . the quarterback 's eye go wide and he race out of the pocket and throw and incomplete pass . another whistle . cotton ( cont 'd ) shuck the blocker , Mike ! Michael gingerly set the lineman on the ground . in the stand leigh Anne show up , sit next to Sean . leigh anne how 's he do ? sean do not quite have the hang of it yet . series of shot : Michael try to crawl under the blocker . ( continued ) 58 96 96 continued : cotton no ! Michael drop back and try to intercept a pass . cotton ( cont 'd ) no ! Michael hold a blocker off he with one arm and look skyward as a flock of bird fly overhead . cotton ( cont 'd ) no ! no! no ! 97 ext . wingate - practice field - day ( after practice ) 97 as player leave the field , bert cotton walk and talk with leigh Anne and Sean ... cotton most kid from bad situation can not wait to be violent and that come out on the field . but this kid , he do not seem to wanna hit anyone . leigh anne ( almost to herself ) he 's ferdinand the bull . cotton what ? leigh anne nothing . cotton I think for sure he be gonna be a player . I can not believe I use up my chit to get he in school . leigh anne I think you say it be you Christian duty ? he give she a smirk . sean look , bert , he 's never even play before . ( continued ) 59 97 continued : 97 cotton and he will not in the fall if he do not improve a lot before then . 98 ext . wingate - practice field - different day 98 Si , hold a sheet and wear a whistle , stand before Michael . no one else ' be around . SI this be you summer workout sheet . first it say to warm up and get loose . ( off Michael 's look ) well , go ahead , get loose . Michael move he arm around a bit then stop . sj ( cont 'd ) you loose ? ( michael nods ) okay , next be five one hundred yard run to stretch out you leg . Michael grimace . michael let 's go home , play some video game . SI look , everybody at . wingate be expect you to be a star football player . you do not want to let they down , do you ? michael iono .. SI what about dad and Mom ? ( off Michael 's look ) ' Cause you see , in we family , everyone 's a athlete . dad be a basketball star , Collins play volleyball and run track . I , as you know , I do it all and Mom , ... well , Mom be a cheerleader , which do not exactly count but do not tell she I say that . ( continued ) 60 98 continued : 98 michael okay ... Michael move to the line . Si raise he whistle and blow . 99 99 ext . wingate practice field -- day series of shot - different day : sj hold a block dummy and Michael fire out , hit the dummy and send Si fly . Michael do ten yard " back and forth " as Si time he . Michael do push up as sj lower himself to count . Michael do crab crawl . wide - sj run Michael through he workout . he blow he whistle and Michael collapse on the ground - dead tired . 100 int . tuohy house - leigh anne's workspace - night 100 leigh Anne go through sample box and match swatch . michael Mrs. tuohy ? Michael stand nearby . leigh anne I hear " Mrs. tuohy " I look over my shoulder for my mother -- in-law . call I leigh Anne or mama or almost anything else . michael will you help get I something ? leigh anne what ? michael Driver 's license . leigh anne why do you need a driver 's license when you do not have a car ? michael you have a car . ( continued ) 61 100 100 continued : leigh anne that I use to haul y'all all over creation with . he do not say anything but do not leave either . leigh Anne put down the swatch , turn to he .. leigh anne ( cont 'd ) why do you want a license , Michael ? michael something to carry . with my name on it . she lock eye with he . this time he hold she gaze . dmv employee ( v.0 . ) address ?... 101 int . dmv office - day 101 leigh Anne and Michael sit across from a dmv employee type on she computer . leigh Anne hold out she driver 's license . dmv employee be this he address as well ? leigh anne yes . he life with we . dmv employee be y'all he foster parent ? leigh anne no . dmv employee his legal guardian ? leigh anne oh ... no . the employee do a search on the computer . as she type ... dmv employee do he have a Social Security card ? leigh Anne look to Michael , who shake he head . dmv employee ( cont 'd ) birth certificate ? ( continued ) 62 101 continued : 101 leigh anne we try to find one for school , but ... dmv.employee you do not know which city , which county , which hospital ?... leigh anne how big a problem be this ? dmv employee look to leigh Anne . dmv employee there 's nobody name Michael oher in the system . another last name perhaps ? leigh Anne again turn to Michael , who shrug . leigh anne look , I will sign something say he life with we and we will pay for the insurance ; whatever it take . ( off she look ) what 's it gonna take ? off the employee 's look -- 102 int . tuohy house - sean and leigh anne's master bath - night 102 as they get ready for bed . Sean rinse he mouth -- sean you wanna do what ?! leigh anne do not pretend you do not hear I . sean should not we at least talk about it ? leigh anne what do you think we be do ? and do not act like I be go behind you back . I know you put we down as he medical contact at school . ( continued ) 63 . 102 continued : 102 sean there 's a big difference between pay for a break arm and be legally responsible for someone . someone we barely know . leigh anne and that 's another thing . we have to find out more about he past . sean he will not talk about it . he 's like a onion ; you have to peel it a layer at a time . leigh anne not if you use a knife . what if we send he to a child psychologist ? sean do you really expect Big Mike -- leigh anne michael --- sean -- expect Michael to lie down and talk about he childhood like he 's Woody Allen or something ? Michael 's gift be he ability to forget . he 's mad at no one and do not really care what happen in the past . this put she on she heel . leigh 'anne you be right . sean ( like he 's never hear these word ) Excuse I ? " you be right ? " ( off she grimace ) how would that word taste come out of you mouth ? leigh anne like vinegar . she move to he , hold he . ( continued ) 64 102 continued : 102 leigh anne ( cont 'd ) at least promise I you will think about it . sean alright . leigh anne " alright " you will think about it or " alright " we should do it ? sean be there a difference ? 103 int . child protective SERVICES office day 103 leigh Anne sit in a crowded wait area , talk on she cell phone . she 's be here awhile . leigh anne ( into cell ) just tell rodney to hold the chiffonier for I and I will get by after while . to she hang up and , exasperate by the wait , rise and walk a counter , push past someone -- leigh anne ( cont 'd ) I be not cut , just ask . ( to employee ) I have be wait for over a hour and I look around and all I see be people shoot the bull and drink coffee . who run this place anyway ? the " hear it all " employee point to the wall with a government seal and a large portrait of President Bush . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) well I would have it in shape in two day , I can tell you that . employee I be sure you would . how can I help you ? she turn to the man wait behind she . leigh anne he be first . ( continued ) 65 103 103 continued : man in line no , you go ahead . I think i. want to hear this . employee I , too . leigh anne ( to employee ) I do not appreciate the attitude . employee ma'am , you can tell I what you want or I will make sure you wait all day . how. can. i. help. you ? leigh anne I would like to become a legal guardian . employee Lord look over that child . ( later ) 104 104 int . cramped office - day a haggard manager , let 's call he ronald , sit across from leigh Ann . he look at a flimsy file . ronald there 's very little on Michael . most of he file have be lose . leigh anne what be in there ? ronald a few case note . ( hold one sheet up ) this one describe a incident where officer forcibly remove Michael and six half - sibling from denise oher 's care when Michael be seven . quite a scene evidently . they have to split up the kid . and it 's far from the worst . leigh anne where be she ? his mother ? ronald dunno , but if you find she we have a bunch more file we could add to . ( continued . ) 66 104 continued : 104 leigh anne how many child do she have ? ronald at least a dozen , probably more . with she drug arrest record my guess would be she can not even remember . leigh Anne absorb this . leigh anne we would need she permission though , .right ? ronald no. Michael be a ward of the state . just apply and get a judge to sign off on it . leigh anne so you would give he away without even tell he mother ? Ronald shrug . 105 ext . hurt village - day 105 look the same as before except for the ' blonde woman walk between the building . leigh Anne spot and check a list of tenant post . she can barely see through the cover as someone have scrawle " C block " on it . 106 ext . hurt village - day 106 the one Michael visit before . leigh Anne summon she courage and knock on the door . and again . no answer . a voice come from the apartment behind she -- man' voice ( o.s. ) who you lookin ' for ?! startle , leigh Anne turn and see alton approach ... leigh anne I be look for denise oher . alton Dee Dee do not stay there no more . ( continued ) 67 106 continued : 106 leigh anne do you know where she might be ? alton chance be she be not go far . ( smile ) I see you before . you with Big Mike now . you wanna come in for a wine cooler or sumthin' ? leigh anne no , I can not , but thank you . 107 ext . hurt village - playground - day 107 leigh Anne speak with a mother try to keep she son from hurt himself on a rusty slide . the mother point to another building . 108 ext . hurt village - build E -- day 108 a door open revealing DENISE oher in a ratty robe . leigh anne hi. Mrs. oher ? DENISE oher you from the state ? leigh anne no. my. name be leigh Anne tuohy and you son Michael life with I . and my family . denise take this in . 109 int . hurt village - denise' apartment - day ( minute later ) 109 leigh Anne sit on the edge of a filthy couch and eye . the room . there be sleep pallet on the floor and empty wine and beer bottle strewn around . DENISE oher ( o.s. ) how be my boy , how 's Big Mike ? leigh anne ( call out ) he 's fine . he 's do well . ( after a beat ) when do you move from the other building ? ( continued ) 68 109 continued : 109 denise emerge from the back of the apartment , adjust a wig on she head , make herself " presentable . " DENISE oher awhile back . this be temporary . Friends let I stay here . leigh anne when do you last see Michael ? DENISE oher iono . we might have some wine in the kitchen , if ... leigh anne no , no that 's very kind but ... DENISE oher how many foster kid you get live with you ? leigh anne oh , I be not a foster parent to Michael . we be just help he out . DENISE oher State do not pay you nothing ? leigh anne no . DENISE oher and he life with you ? ( leigh Anne nod ) and you feed he ?. ( another nod ) buy he clothes , too ? leigh anne when I can find they in he size . DENISE oher you a fine Christian lady . leigh anne I try to be . DENISE oher this be all real nice what you be do , but do not be surprised if one day you wake up and he go . ( continued ) . 69 109 109 continued : leigh anne what do you mean ? DENISE oher he 's a " runner " . that 's what the state call he after they take he from I . ( off she look ) every foster home they send he to , he would slip out the window at night and come look for I . no matter where I be that boy would come find I , take care of I . ( a explanation ) I have have some . health problem . leigh anne Mrs. oher , be Michael bear under a different name ? denise try to remember . after a few second ... DENISE oher proctor . that be he daddy 's last name . leigh anne where be he , the father , if you do not mind I ask ? DENISE oher ai not . see he since he leave . leigh anne and when be that ? DENISE oher week after Mike be bear . leigh anne do you have Michael 's birth certificate ? denise sigh , look around at the mess , shake she head . and then , unexpectedly , start to cry softly . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , Mrs. oher .. I will figure it out . leigh Anne walk over , kneel and take denise 's hand . ( continued ) 70 109 continued : 109 leigh anne ( cont 'd ) you will always be Michael 's mama . would you like to see he ? DENISE oher no ... not this way . leigh anne people lose birth certificate . it 's nothing to be ashamed of . DENISE oher it 's Williams . ( off leigh Anne 's look ) his last name 's Williams . could not even remember who the boy 's father be . leigh Anne bite she lip'and put she arm around denise , who hug back . dissolve to : 110 int . tuohy house - dine room - day 110 the entire tuohy family sit with Michael at the table . sean Michael , we have something to ask you . michael what ? sean leigh . Anne and I would like to become you legal guardian . michael what 's that mean ? leigh anne well , what it mean be , we want to know if you would like to be a part of this family ? Michael look to a grin sj , to Collins who nod and smile , then to leigh Anne ... michael I kinda think I already be . ( continued ) 71 110 110 continued : leigh Anne feel a wave of emotion , nod to he , then race away to go and gather herself . - " I Michael look to Sean for a explanation . Sean shrug can not explain she to you . " 111 a camera flash ( in dmv office ) 111 when it clear we see michael be face - on a driver' license . 112 112 ext . tuohy house - day Michael , blindfolded , be lead outside by the entire family . when leigh Anne pull if off , Michael gasp at the sight of - a new truck in the driveway . sean be that the one you want ? he just stand there , stare . Sean hand he the key . sean ( cont 'd ) well , hell , take it for a spin . ( off Michael 's look ) go on . SI can I go , too ? leigh anne okay , but Michael ?... ( off he look ) be careful . Michael smile and he and sj get inside the truck . collin he want a truck ?! sean Michael think he 's a redneck . 113 113 ext . wingate - parking lot - day Michael drive up in he new truck , park it carefully . at the drop off Big tony 's car sputter away , leave Steven at the curb . Steven notice Michael and walk over , eyeing the truck . ( continued ) 72 113 continued : 113 michael tenth grade tough ? steven naw . ( point to truck ) this really yours ? michael yeah . steven they just give it to ya ' ? michael yeah . after a beat ... steven you be right . white people be crazy . and they walk off together to class . 114 int . wingate - bob' literature CLASS - day 114 student seat , include Michael , listen to Bob , who stand at the front of the classroom . bob you be now senior . congratulation . but with that distinction come responsibility . this will be one of you tougher course because my job be to prepare you , at least most of you , for the rigor of college freshman English . you be each hold a class study guide which detail assignment . I will not remind you what be due and when . read the material and come prepare . at the end of the year you will each choose one of we literature assignment and present a write dissection of the piece . the face in the classroom tell we this be a tough course . 73 115 int . tuohy house - dine room - day 115 dozen of.condiment jar and bottle be line up on the table . sj have the football playbook open and be explain formation to Michael . SI see , you be the ketchup , here at Left tackle . on the weakside . michael I be not that weak , sj . SI it just mean there be more blocker on the other side . it 's a compliment , really . michael a compliment for a condiment . sj ( chuckle ) good one . ( back to work ) so the first play be simple . " gap . " it just mean you block whoever be in front of you , or the person on you inside shoulder if you be not cover by a defender . ( point to condiment ) I will be the run back and you show I what you be suppose to do . ready ... . hike ! sj , use both hand , move cayenne pepper back a bit , then " hand off " to cinnamon who " run " toward Michael ( ketchup ) . Michael move the bottle forward , push back mustard , then relish , as well as toppling a bottle of vanilla extract . sj ( cont 'd ) open lane to the end zone . all there be to it . Si slide cinnamon forward . the bottle fly off the end of the table and crash on the ground just as -- leigh Anne walk down the stair , purse in hand -- leigh anne what be go on here ?! ( continued ) 74 115 continued : 115 michael cinnamon just score . SI we be go through the playbook . Michael get move to offense .. leigh anne well , when you be finish , put the player back in the spice cabinet . sj no problem . actually , Mom , we be wait for you . the new madden come out and I and Michael want to go get it . leigh anne honey , I have get a meeting in ten minute . michael I will drive . off she look -- 116 int . michael' truck - day 116 Michael drive while sj search for music on the radio . SI look for Walker Street . that 's where we take a leave . Si find a hip - hop station and they both groove to the beat , dance in the seat . sj ( cont`d ) that 's what I be talkin ' ' bout ! as the beat reach a crescendo -- Michael instinctively throw a big arm in front of sj as -- 117 ext . intersection - same 117 the - truck crash into the side of a van . 118 int . rug shop - day 118 leigh Anne , with a client , be look at rug with the owner . ( continued ) 75 118 118 continued : leigh anne this be not a twenty thousand dollar oushak , Jerry . the border be different width , it 's be alter . leigh Anne 's phone ring . as she answer leigh anne ( cont 'd ) we will give you nine top . ( into phone ) hello ... the look on she face change -- 119 ext . intersection - day 119 a massive traffic jam . leigh Anne pull she car right onto the median , get out and start run . she pass stop car and weave past bystander on she way to : the collision intersection as she approach she see -- Michael 's truck -- the front end be smashed -- the Van - its side cave in -- and -- Michael sit on the curb , cry . she race over -- leigh anne Michael ! he look up , sobbing . michael I be so sorry , I be so sorry ! leigh anne where 's sj ?! michael ( point ) go help he ! please go help he ! leigh Anne turn to see a group of paramedics kneel around a body . she gasp , race over and look down at -- Si , whose face be bloody . he spot leigh Anne and sit up . SI Mom , do you think the blood will come out of my shirt ? ( continued ) 76 119 119 continued : leigh anne and paramedic - minute later while the paramedics attend to a obviously fine sj , leigh Anne and a fireman eye the deflate airbag . fireman a airbag deploy at 200 mile per hour . you son 's too small to sit in the front seat . leigh anne he 's okay , though , right ? fireman busted lip , some facial bruise . when a airbag strike a child he size it usually mean a fracture face , a break neck or worse . it 's almost like the airbag start at he then change direction . defective or something . very , very lucky . leigh Anne nod thanks and look to Michael , still on the curb , eye on the ground . she walk over , kneel down . leigh anne Michael , it be not you fault . it could have happen to anybody .. he do not look up . she almost gasp when she notice -- he arm - red , bleed , a large burn from the wrist all the way up to the sleeve , which be also singe . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) Michael , you arm ... what happen ? he look up and into she eye ... michael I stop it . 120 120 ext . wingate - stand / practice field - day sj sit in the stand videotape -- [ note : we integrate sj 's video with live action ] . on the field : Michael skip to the line and get down in he stance . on the snap Michael push the tackle , jay collis , who roll , get by Michael and make the tackle . ( continued ) 77 120 continued : 120 cotton 0her ! you have get a hundred pound on collis and you can not keep he out of we backfield ?! in the stand leigh Anne sit down next to sj . leigh anne what 's . with the camera ? SI Michael do better when he can see what he 's suppose to be do . on the field the quarterback drop back to pass . Michael backpedal . when the defender try . to go around he , Michael grab he . with one big paw and throw he to the ground . a whistle blows . cotton holding - leave tackle ! he get right in Michael 's face , grab he jersey . cotton ( cont 'd ) you can only grab in here -- at the tit , you get it ?! you grab out here or here , we be gonna get flagge and I be gonna get piss . leigh Anne grimace , shake she head . next play at the snap of the ball Michael try to pass protect , push the defender who try leave , right , then slide past Michael and sack the quarterback . cotton ( cont 'd ) move you foot , son ! keep them move ! back to the huddle ! cotton address a assistant coach ... cotton ( cont 'd ) well at least he will look good come off the bus . the other team will be terrify ' till they realize he 's a marshmallow . ( continued ) 78 120 120 continued : as they chuckle , leigh Anne stride past , onto the field . leigh anne gimme a minute , bert . cotton we be in the middle of practice , leigh Anne ! leigh anne you can thank I later . bert just watch as leigh Anne walk straight to the huddle and pull Michael aside . the other player turn to watch . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) do you remember just after we meet , and we go to that horrible part of town to buy you that dreadful clothes ? ( he nods ) and I be a little scared and you tell I not to worry , that you have my back ?. do you remember that ? michael yes mar 'am . leigh anne if anyone try to get to I you would have stop they , right ? ( he nods ) and when you and Si be in that car wreck , what do you do to that airbag ? michael I stop it . leigh Anne point to the offense . leigh anne this team be you family . and you have to protect they -- ( point to defense ) -- from that guy . she walk over and grab the qb , pull he out . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) tony be you quarterback . you protect he blindside . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 120 120 continued : leigh anne ( cont 'd ) when you look at he , think of I . how you have my back . how you have he . she grab bobby , a short stump of a run back . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) oomaloompah here be you tailback . when you look at he think of sj and how you would never let anything or anyone hurt he . do you understand I ? michael what about Mr. tuohy and Collins ? leigh anne I suppose they can be on the team , too . be you go to protect the family , Michael ? he nod . she nod back and walk away , past bert cotton . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) yelling at he will not help . he do not trust man . in he experience they pretend to care about you ' till they disappear . cotton chuckle .. she walk over and sit next to sj , who have the video camera in he lap . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) you be gonna wanna get this . intercut video and live action : at the snap Michael drive the defender into the dirt . Michael drop back , knock down one defender , then take on another while tony complete a pass . on a sweep to he side , Michael push three defender away , clear a alley for Bobby to blast through . bert shake he head , turn to leigh Anne -- cotton what would you say to he ? ( continued ) 80 120 120 continued : leigh anne you should get to know you player , bert . he test 98 percent in protective instinct . ( off bert 's look ) I tell you you . could thank I later . ( a beat for effect ) it 's later , bert ! cotton ( by rote ) thank you , leigh Anne . 121 121 ext . wingate - stadium -- night pack 'house - band , banner , cheerleader . in the stand : Sean , leigh Anne and sj take they seat and check out the raucous crowd . sean so much for home field advantage . leigh anne you ever see so many redneck in one place ? sj nascar , not even close . 122 122 int . wingate - locker room -- night coach cotton be address he team before the game . cotton on the schedule it say this be a home game but do not be deceive , gentleman . Three fourth of the people in the stand be here from milford . they will be loud and rowdy and a lot of them drunk . keep you helmet on ' till you be on the sideline . I do not want anyone get bean with a whiskey bottle . ( beat ) grab a knee . and the team huddle for they prayer ... ( continued ) 81 122 122 continued : cotton ( cont 'd ) for we can ... ( team repeat each phrase ) do all thing ... through Jesus Christ ... who strengthen we ... each and every day ... and may God ... bless the crusader ! as they rise to leave -- cotton ( cont 'd ) oh , one more thing . the reason milford travel all that way to come here be they expect to whup you ass . whup you ass and have a party in you house . whup you ass , have a party in you house and piss on you mama 's new couch . be that gonna happen ? the team erupt with a chorus of no '.s and hell no!s . 123 ext . wingate - edge of stand - night 123 as the wingate crusader exit the dress room they find themselves next to the milford lion ready to take the field . the cocky milford player eye the crusader . milford player hey , crusader , y'all gonna turn the other cheek or just bend over ?! another milford player , # 66 , spot Michael . milford # 66 would y'all look at the size of that buck ! milford take the field . jay collis , to Michael ... jay collis pay them back on the field . coach cotton raise a hand and the team move forward to squeeze through a entrance onto the field . above they milford fan look down and jeer , toss soda at they . the blind side -- yellow draft - 04/15/09 82 124 ext . wingate - stadium - night 124 milford dad damn , that be not fair ! they get a big ole ' black bear play for them ! what be this , a circus ?! in the stand leigh Anne , Sean and sj cheer as wingate run onto the field . a chorus of boos come from the stand behind they . milford dad ( cont 'd ) there 's the lion and here come the Christians ! sj turn and give a dirty look -- leigh anne sj , eye forward ! stick and stone ... on the field the ball be kick off and Bobby , the crusader tailback take it in at the five yard line . he make one player miss then be drag down by a swarm of defender at the twenty . cotton let 's go 0 ! the offense run onto the field and huddle . the milford defense wait , slapping each other and building to a frenzy . number 66 from before be the defensive end on Michael 's side . wingate break huddle and # 66 see he . milford # 66 look whose fat black ass I get to kick all night long . at the snap # 66 sidestep Michael and sack the qb . milford # 66 ( cont 'd ) ( as he walk by Michael ) all night long , fat ass . all night long . in the stand leigh Anne and Sean share a look and cheer on the team . ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft - 04/15/09 83 124 124 continued : leigh anne come on , Michael ! on the field wingate break huddle and as they get into they stance # 66 call a switch . he move inside and the linebacker move outside . Michael look at the move , confuse . Hut ! tony , the wingate qb start to drop back but hand off the ball on a draw to bobby , the oompaloompah . Michael , unsure which player to block , just stand there while they both crush Bobby . the milford player high five and both give Michael a shoulder as they pass he . next play - ball snap Michael hit # 66 square in the number , put he on he heel . but he 's quick as a cat and jump to bat down a pass . referee fourth down ! the crusader offense leave the field . # 66 follow behind Michael , taunting he . milford # 66 and do not come back unless you want I to embarrass you black ass ! cotton get back to you own bench , 66 ! 66 laugh and strut away . cotton go straight to the ref . cotton ( cont 'd ) do you hear what he say ? be you gonna just let that kinda talk go ?! referee ever hear of the first amendment , coach ? get back to the sideline . cotton take a deep breath , then turn to Michael , who have be beside he the whole time . cotton look , son , 66 be quick , so just focus on he belt buckle . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 124 continued : 124 cotton ( cont 'd ) where it go he go . and block ' till the whistle blow . all right ? Michael nod and take a seat on the bench . cotton hear something and realize it be he cell phone . he look at the number call . and answer ... cotton ( cont 'd ) hello ?... in the stand leigh Anne be on the phone . leigh anne enough with the trick play , bert . just run the dang ball . and bert , on the field , turn to the stand , shake he head hang up angrily . behind the tuohy , the milford fan be in a frenzy . milford dad that 's my boy Jimmy , number 66 . he be kick that blue gum 's ass ! leigh Anne can not restrain herself . she rise , turn leigh anne hey crotch mouth ! yeah , you ! Zip it or I will come zip it for ya ! Sean pull she back down to she seat . SI stick and stone ? on the field the milford offense be move the ball a draw play for ten yard . a screen pass for twenty . a option play - the qb pitch out and the tailback turn the corner and run all the way to the end zone . the scoreboard read : " home 0 visitors 7 " . on the sideline ( continued ) 85 124 continued : 124 bert cotton gather he force . cotton it 's all right . settle down . on the field the crusader have the ball at the twenty . they break from the huddle , get over the ball and the play start . it 's a sweep leave and Michael pull to lead for Bobby . 66 fend off Michael and keep move , force a pileup near the sideline . Michael and Bobby be at the bottom of the pile . 66 extricate himself from the pile and give Michael a little kick as a cherry on top . milford # 66 Big black pile of nigger crap ! cotton be nearby , hear this , race straight over to the ref . cotton ref , you gonna do something about this ?! he kick my boy in the head and cuss he ! the ref throw a flag . cotton ( cont 'd ) thank you ! referee unsportsmanlike conduct on wingate ! Fifteen yard . shut up or you ' will get another fifteen . cotton what happen to the first amendment ?! cotton throw he hat and another ref throw a flag . cotton ( cont 'd ) this young man play for my team and I will defend he like he 's my own son ! against you or any other redneck sonofabitch ! Michael watch , dumbfounded . he walk over to the livid cotton and pull he backwards , look he in the eye . ( continued ) 86 124 continued : 124 michael do not worry , coach . I get you back . cotton cool down . Michael trot out onto the field . halfway there he stop , look back at cotton and smile . referee second and 38 . in the crusader huddle Michael look to tony . michael try gap . tony coach call a pass . michael gap . at the line of scrimmage as wingate line up , 66 be at it again . milford # 66 you coach always do you fightin' for you ? he you massa ? - Michael get in he stance and on the snap of the ball power forward . we have never see he so quick , neither have 66 who dip a hip to keep from be plow over . the ploy rights 66 but the damage be not over as Michael now have he " in the fit " grab he jersey , " between the tit . " -- Bobby race through the hole and into the secondary -- Michael keep push 66 back , pick up speed until 66 be airborne save every third step of Michael 's when he touch a toe to the ground like a ballerina -- Bobby cut to the sideline -- Michael be run full speed with 66 now and he keep go past the sideline -- past Collins and the rest of the cheerleader while -- Bobby make the opposite corner and head for the end zone --- ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft 04/15/09 87 124 continued : 124 Si be on he foot , filming Michael -- Michael keep go , past the track and toward the fence separate the field from the parking lot -- just as Bobby race into the end zone -- Michael chuck 66 into the air . 66 hit the fence hard and land in a heap . Michael turn and walk back to the field . as he pass Collins she give he a high five . collin Way to go big bro ! a referee signal touchdown then notice Michael walk back and 66 lie slump at the fence . the ref throw a flag . cotton now what ?! be he hold ? referee uh , no . cotton do he hit after the whistle ? referee I do not believe so . cotton then what 's the flag for ? referee I dunno ... . excessive block . cotton you be kid I . the referee ignore and return to the field to assess the penalty . 66 , now on he foot , limp back onto the field . Michael look at he and 66' eye go straight to the dirt . cotton walk up to Michael . michael sorry , coach . I stop when I hear the whistle . ( continued ) 88 124 124 continued : cotton where be you take he , Mike ? michael to the bus . it be time for he to go home . cotton smile proudly and slap Michael on the ass . cotton attaboy , Michael oher. attaboy ! in the stand -- leigh Anne stand and turn to face the milford fan leigh anne see number seventy - four ? well , that 's my son .! the milford fan do not know what to make of this . leigh Anne sit down with a self - satisfied smile . on the field - a sequence : tony throw a touchdown pass -- 66 submarine and Michael push he down with one hand -- Bobby be off to the race with a screen pass . touchdown ! --- and another touchdown -- scoreboard read : visitors 7 home 35 66 limp off the field , shame and another player take he place . the scrub , terrify , look to Michael . at the SNAP the scrub flinch and hit the dirt . the play go to the other side and Michael reach a hand down to help the scrub up and to he foot . 12 5 12 5 int . tuohy house - sj room - day Si have the video of Michael up on he computer . a " burn dvd " pop out and sj put it in a distinctive case . 126 126 int . tom lemming's recruiting office - day a hub of activity . move past a secretary answer phone -- ( continued ) 89 126 continued : 126 secretary Tom lemming recruiting , please hold ... Tom lemming recruiting , please hold ... and land on tom lemming , the foremost college talent forecaster in the country . tom lemming . do the monthly recruiting update get mail ? secretary coach saban want he fed exed . tom lemming do he really think get it one day early be gonna give lsu a leg up ? a assistant hurry up . assistant have you fill all the slot for the Army all Star game ? tom lemming yeah , why ? the assistant hand over the distinctive dvd mark michael oher - the terminator ! assistant you might want to open one up . 127 ext . sean's office - day 127 lemming walk along with Sean and coach cotton toward Sean 's office . tom lemming every year there be a dozen run back in the high school rank who will make it to the NFL . quarterback maybe three or four . but leave tackle , true leave tackle , they be freak , gift from the god . a great one only come around every four or five year . Mike 's the best I have see in ten . ( continued ) 90 127 continued : 127 cotton you be kid ? tom lemming I do not kid about guy who will get fifty million or more to play football . cotton and you think that could be Michael ? tom lemming oh , yeah . the embarrassing thing be it 's my business to know every prospect in the nation but if you have not send I that dvd I would have never hear of he . sean what dvd ? I do not send a dvd . tom lemming you be Sean tuohy , right ? Sean " get it " , trade a look with cotton . sean si. 128 int . wingate - sean's office - day 128 they arrive at a empty office where Michael sit . he stand and lemming eye he like a piece of meat ... tom lemming wow . just wow . lemming break out a measure tape and smile . 129 int . wingate - sean's office / hallway / outside the door - day 129 Sean and bert stand outside and talk ... cotton Tom lemming run the biggest recruiting service in the nation . he practically create a industry . every college coach subscribe to he newsletter . one word from he and ... this be big , Sean . 91 130 int . wingate - sean's office - day 130 lemming sit across from Michael ... tom lemming Mike , I come all the way from Chicago just to see for myself . and now that I have , I would like to extend to you a invitation to play in the Army High School all american game at the end of the season . he place a application on the desk . Michael stare at it . 131 int . wingate - sean's office - day ( a few minute later ) 131 the door open and lemming come out shaking he head . tom lemming I do not want to offend but ... do Mike have special need ? sean well , he eat a lot . tom lemming no , I mean , be he mentally ... off ? sean no , no , he 's just ... cotton shy . really shy . tom lemming because the only thing he say to I be " no . " Said it three time ; every time I ask he if he would like to play in the Army all Star game . I get lobbied by every player , every father , every coach to get into this game . ( hand over application ) let I know if he change he mind . lemming walk away . after he 's go , Michael emerge . sean why do not you fill out the application , Michael ? ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 92 131 continued : 131 michael I do not wanna join the Army . Sean and coach cotton crack up . 132 int . saban' office - day 132 series of shot intercut with sj video of " the play " on lemming's website : nick saban watch on a computer -- 133 int . tuberville's office - day 133 tommy tuberville and other auburn coaches watch -- 134 int . nutt' office - day 134 houston nutt and arkansas coaches watch --- 135 int . holty' office - day 135 lou holtz and south CAROLINA coach watch -- 136 int . fulmer' office - day 136 phil fulmer and other tennessee coaches watch . phil fulmer I want he ! I want he bad . 137 ext . wingate - parking lot - day 137 a cadillac race into the parking lot and hurriedly park in a spot . phil ful mer , in a bright orange Tennessee shirt , jump out and start to trot toward 138 ext . wingate -- field -- day 138 leigh Anne help coach the cheerleader , include Collins . leigh anne kick higher , Collins . Point you toe ! leigh Anne notice fulmer . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) what in the world ?... ( to the squad ) y'all keep practice . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 93 138 continued : 138 she stride toward the football practice field . 139 ext . wingate - practice field - day 139 leigh Anne arrive to see a group of coaches , all wear shirt and hat emblazon with school logo . they chat and watch as the wingate football team finish calisthenics . one assistant coach , from . Southern miss , see fulmer racing up . southern miss coach shoot , man , fulmer 's here . I might as well go home . fulmer smile at the assemble coaches , shake a few-hand . fulmer drive all the way from knoxville to come see for myself . leigh Anne slide in near the group so she can eavesdro clemson assistant coach heck , I drive from clemson , that 's nine hour ! bert cotton walk over , shake fulmer 's hand , leave the other coaches shaking they head . cotton coach fulmer , it 's a real honor . fulmer coach cotton I be keep a eye on you program . y'all do a fine job down here . would not be a bit surprised to see you coach at the next level real soon . cotton 's smile tell we he would like that a lot . fulmer ( cont`d ) be that he ? be that o'hair ? leigh anne it 's oher . like a paddle in a boat . fulmer notice leigh Anne , grunt then turn back to cotton . ( continued ) 94 139 continued : 139 fulmer if you could run he through a few drill , we would sure appreciate it .. . cotton give leigh Anne a look that say , " get out of here . " she shake she head -- " I be not go anywhere . " cotton blow he whistle and the team approach . cotton board drill . Big Mike and jay collis . best on best . a equipment manager lay out a plank and jay collis sigh and line up , one foot on either side of the board . Michael slowly move into position opposite he . the coaches all inch closer and crane they neck to see . leigh Anne be now right in the middle of they . fulmer give she a look that say , , " who the hell be you ? " cotton blow he whistle , Michael fire out and it 's over in a instant . collis be pancake under Michael , who get up and offer a hand . the coaches be freeze - as if they have witness a miracle . fulmer ( almost to himself ) Force equal mass time acceleration . then , all at once , the coaches pull out they cell phone and start poke digit and jabber : " you will not believe it ! " " you gotta see this ! " " he 's a freak of nature ! " the clemson coach stride away . cotton where be you go , coach ? clemson coach back to South Carolina . I have see more than enough . if he can qualify with he grade you tell Michael oher that clemson want he . fulmer good luck with that , Brad ! fulmer smile wide then turn to look once more at Michael . ( continued ) 95 139 continued : 139 leigh Anne watch he watch Michael . 140 int . tuohy house - kitchen - day 140 leigh Anne , distress , have book and pamphlet spread out in front of she . Sean walk in , take in the sight . leigh anne do you know that to be eligible for a division one scholarship Michael 's gonna need a 2.5 gpa ? sean really ? leigh anne his act be low and I do not see he do any better if he retake it . sean what 's he gpa now ? leigh anne 1.76 . sean not bad really , when you consider where he start . leigh anne he need to make a 's this year . ( off Sean 's laugh ) I be serious . and that might not even be enough . sean so he go to junior College . leigh anne most inner city kid that go to jc drop out in a year . his shot at the pro would go out the window . sean Pros ? be we even sure he 's gonna get college offer ? she walk over to the answer machine , press " play . " ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 96 140 continued : 140 on the machine hello , my name be Nick saban and I be the head football coach at Louisiana State University ... ( leigh Anne fast forward ) Tommy tuberville , auburn University ... ( fast forward again ) we be very interested in have Michael over to knoxville for a visit . sean phil fulmer , from Tennessee ? leigh anne there be twenty more . she hold up a stack of mail - envelope and fed exes . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) and this . fifty of them . sean any from ole miss ? leigh anne they will not recruit until they hire a new coach . but none of it matter unless he make he grade . sean so , what do we do ? 141 int . wingate - teacher's lounge - day 141 leigh Anne speak to the assemble teacher . leigh anne so here 's the plan . e-mail I all assignment and let I know what Michael have to do to make a " a " . there be laughter in the room . leigh anne ( cont 'd ) okay , fine , a B plus . and if anyone know of a good tutor I would love to hear about them . mrs . boswell I think I know someone . the blind side - Green revision -- 04/28/09 97 142 int . tuohy house - live room - day 142 leigh Anne sit with miss sue , a no nonsense prospective tutor wear a ole miss sweatshirt . leigh anne I understand that you apply for a teach position at wingate ? miss sue I be not religious enough for them . I be a spiritual person , Mrs. tuohy , but I have certain , . shall we say ... doubt . leigh anne I appreciate you honesty , miss Sue . miss sue what 's the situation with Michael ? leigh anne he need to do better in school . miss sue obviously . but why the big push ? leigh anne he 's in line for a football scholarship if he get he grade up . miss sue be he consider ole miss ? leigh anne he would better be . miss sue I would love to work with he . leigh anne when do you want to start ? miss sue Mrs. tuohy there 's something you should know about I . I do not tell many people , but it 's something I feel you should be aware of before you hire I . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 98 142 continued : 142 leigh anne what 's that ? miss sue I be a Democrat . 143 int . tuohy house - kitchen -- night ( later ) 143 leigh Ann and Sean sneak look at miss Sue and Michael at the dining room table . at the table Michael stare at a problem in geometry book , then ... michael I do not understand it . miss sue yet . you do not understand it yet . how big be you head , Michael ? michael Big . miss sue and what 's in there ? michael a brain . miss sue a brain . full of knowledge - like a file cabinet with map ; shortcut for figure thing out . you will learn this , Michael oher because I be here to help you use that map and reach you destination . like sacagawea help Lewis and Clark . michael sacagawea ? miss sue we will get to that . and the history book have it wrong , but all you need to you know be that I will get you there . do you believe I ? do you trust I , Michael ? michael yes , miss Sue . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 98a 143 continued : 143 miss sue try it again . he go back to the book . sean and leigh anne Sean shake he head . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 99 143 continued : 143 sean who would a think we would have a black son before we know a Democrat . 144-145 omitted 144-145 146 int . tuohy house - foyer - day 146 the doorbell ring and leigh Anne fix she hair before she open it to -- nick saban , a handsome man wear a sport jacket and lsu rep tie . leigh Anne be immediately take with he . nick saban and you must be leigh Anne . leigh anne yes , coach saban , that 's I . leigh anne. touhy . nick saban please , call I Nick . what a incredible home . Love the Windsor valance . leigh anne ( very impressed ) thank you . you obviously have good taste . nick saban let 's just say I appreciate quality . Michael and sj walk in . nick saban ( cont 'd ) ( eyeing michael ) and I know it when I see it . ( offer a hand ) Michael , I be Nick saban . and you must be sj . I hear you have quite a jump shot , young man . leigh anne Nick , why do not you and Michael go into the live room to talk . michael can sj come ? ( continued ) 100 146 continued : 146 saban absolutely . I will recruit the both of you . as they walk away , Collins approach ... leigh anne I find he extremely handsome . 147 int . tuohy house - live room - day ( later ) 147 Michael and sj sit across from saban . saban so , as soon as possible we would like to get you down to baton rouge . we have get a great thing go , Michael and we plan on win a bunch more National championship . whattaya ' say , will you commit to a visit ? Michael turn to sj , who raise he hand . SI can I ask a question ? saban sure . sj my brother and I be very close . I be worried that if he go off to school I will not see he so ... saban go on . SI I guess I be just wonder how much access I would have to he . saban smile at the kid 's moxie . saban tell you what , sj . Michael come to lsu I will get you a all - access pass . how 's that sound ? sj sound good . ( continued ) the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 101 147 continued : 147 series of shot : 148 ext . wingate - stadium - night 148 Michael pancake a opponent -- 149 int . tuohy house - live room - day 149 Michael and miss Sue study -- miss sue you know this stuff . just be logical . 150 int . tuohy house - foyer - day 150 houston nutt walk in the tuohy front door -- nutt hi , I be Houston nutt from Arkansas . 151 ext . wingate - stadium - night 151 Michael pancake another defender -- 152 int . tuohy house - live room -- day 152 miss Sue high fives Michael after a quiz -- 153 int . tughy house - foyer - day 153 phil fulmer walk in , recognize leigh Anne fulmer this be a beautiful home , ma'am . he be startle to see -- Michael , in brief , racing down the stair , carry Collins , who be hold he pants away from he . 154 int . wingate -- classroom - day 154 Mrs. boswell grade Michael 's paper , write " B " at the top . 155 ext . wingate - stadium - night 155 a scoreboard : crusader 44 visitors 0 156 newspaper headline - day 156 a headline : crusader to play for private school championship the blind side - Green revision - 04/28/09 102 157 int . wingate - locker room - night 157 Michael and coach cotton hold up a championship trophy 158 int . tuohy house - foyer -- day 158 coaches , one after another , enter the tuohy home -- coach hi , I be Tommy tuberville ... hi , I be Lou holtz ... 159 int . tuohy house - live room - day 159 sj ask they each he question --- SI what level of access can I expect ? 160 int . tuohy house - live room - day 160 coaches , one after another , up the ante ---- tommy tuberville you own locker right next to Michael 's . houston nutt access to the letterman 's Lounge . lou holtz ( with a wink ) a gamecock headdress . Real feather . phil fulmer we will run arm in arm onto the field and you can do the coin toss thingie at the first game . SI sound real good . 161 int . tuohy house - kitchen - day 161 Michael study with miss Sue , in she ole miss sweatshirt . ( continued ) the blind side - yellow . draft -- 04/15/09 103 161 continued : 161 miss sue have you decide yet , Michael ? michael no , miss Sue . miss sue but you like Tennessee ? ( off he nod ) it 's a good school . not at the academic level of ole miss but they do have a outstanding science department . you know one of the thing they be famous for ? ( he shake he head ) they work with the FBI to study the effect of the soil on decompose body part . Michael be a bit lose . miss sue ( cont 'd ) when they find a body the police want to know how long they have be dead . the fine department at Tennessee help they . they have lot of body part - arm , leg , hand - from hospital and medical school . do you know where they store they ? ( Michael shake he head ) right underneath the football field . Michael 's eye widen a bit . miss sue ( cont 'd ) so , while it 's fine and dandy to have 100,000 fan cheer for you , the body you should be worried about be right underneath the turf . set to poke up through the ground and grab you . she raise a claw hand ( think " carrie " ) to make she point . Michael be completely freak out by this . miss sue ( cont 'd ) but it 's you decision where you play football . do not let I influence you . the blind side Green revision - 04/28/09 104 162 int . tughy house - live room - day 162 ole miss coach , ed orgeron , talk with leigh Anne . leigh anne congrat on gettin ' hire , coach . ed orgeron thank yew , ma'am . ole miss be my dream job . leigh anne coach 0 , you be come a little late to the party but we be diehard rebel so I be gonna give you a frickin ' road map , okay ? ed orgeron yes be . leigh anne lsu be out . everybody know saban 's go to the NFL . so when he come for he visit to ole miss , do not take he to some titty bar and give he tequila shot . he will have nightmare for week . feed he italian - he like fettucine alfredo - take he to a movie - but not chainsaw massacre because he will just cover he eye - and put he to bed by ten . you get it ? ed orgeron yes be . what about Tennessee ? leigh anne it break my heart but they be still in the hunt . fulmer offer sj a sweet deal . ed orgeron I hear the kid can really pepper the gumbo . leigh anne he 's he daddy 's boy . 105 163 int .. tuohy house - live room - day ( later ) 163 orgeron sit with Michael and sj . ed orgeron you a ole miss tackle , son . I be buildin ' my line , buildin ' my team aroun ' you . make you parent proud , come to Oxford , get that sheepskin and help we win the SEC . Michael nod , turn to sj . before sj can raise he hand -- ed orgeron ( cont 'd ) and for you , Si , here 's what I can do . at ole miss we have the Grove by the stadium . and the team walk it before the game , surround by thousand of fan . it 's a sacred ritual . and I be in front . SI ( " that 's it ? " ) see it a thousand time . ed orgeron ever see it from the front of the line ? next year , you and I -- lead the team . SI Tennessee offer to let I run on the field and flip the coin . ed orgeron I will throw in a sideline pass . Si consider this , smile and nod . 164 int . wingate - library -- day 164 a press conference be under way . photographer push to get a shot of -- Michael , at a table , stare at three cap -- Tennessee , lsu and ole miss . he smile and select a ole miss hat . 165 int . phil fulmer' office - day 165 fulmer watch the press conference on tv . he toss a piece of chalk against the wall . ( continued ) 106 165 continued : 165 fulmer this stink to high heaven . 166 int . wingate - bob' literature CLASS - day 166 leigh Anne and Bob have a chat in the empty classroom . bob I will not give a student a grade he , or she , do not deserve . leigh anne he need a B . what 's he gonna have to do to " deserve " that ? bob right now Michael 's do C minus , D plus work . his best chance at improve be with the write essay at the end of the year . it count for a third of he grade . leigh anne that 's it . we be sink . 167 int . tuohy house - family room - night 167 miss Sue work with Michael at the table . miss sue why not write about " great expectation " ? you be a lot like pip . he be poor , a orphan and someone sort of find he . you should be able to relate to that . Michael shrug . Sean be nearby , watch NBA basketball . miss sue ( cont 'd ) Fine , let 's go through the read list . but you have to pick one , Michael . ( read from list ) " Pygmalion " ... " a Tale of two city " ... " the charge of the Light Brigade " ... sean ( almost to himself ) " half a league , half a league , half a league onward . " I love that one . ( continued ) the blind side - yellow draft --04/15/09 107 167 continued : 167 miss sue Fine , you do this and I will watch basketball . miss Sue walk over , take the remote from Sean , who rise . sean " all in the valley of death ride the six hundred " . they call lsu 's stadium death Valley because of this story . Alfred , Lord tennyson be write about ole miss-lsu . michael you be kid ? sean no . it 's a great story . miss sue it 's a poem . sean " forward the Light Brigade ! " that 's like the offense . " charge for the gun 'he say . " that 's the end zone . " into the Valley of death ride the six hundred . " he know it by heart and even miss Sue be impressed . sean ( cont 'd ) " forward the Light Brigade ! be there a man dsmay would ? not though ' the soldier know someone have blunder . " michael someone make a mistake ? sean ' yeah , they leader , they coach . michael why would they go ahead if they know he mess up ? sean " theirs not to make reply , theirs not to reason why , theirs but to do and die : into the Valley of death ride the six hundred . " ( continued ) 108 167 continued : 167 it hit Michael . he take a moment , look right at Sean . michael they all gonna die , be not they ? sean yeah . michael that 's really , really sad . sean I think you just find something to write about . Michael open he notebook , pick up a pen . michael ( v.0 . ) courage be a hard thing to figure . you can have courage base on a dumb idea or a mistake , but you be not suppose to question adult , or you coach , or you teacher because they make the rule . maybe they know best but maybe they do not . series of repeated shot : 168 ext . hurt village - repeated shot - day 168 Michael move through the tough crowd . michael ( v.0 . ) it all depend on who you be , where you come from . do not at least one of the six hundred guy think about give up and join with the other side ? I mean , Valley of death , that 's pretty salty stuff . 169 ext . wingate - repeated shot - day 169 Michael walk under the arch for the first time . michael ( v.0 . ) that 's why courage be tricky . should you always do what other tell you to do ? sometimes you might not even know why you be do something . I mean , any fool can have courage . 109 170 int . laundromat - repeated shot - night 170 Michael lean against the wall and try to sleep . michael ( v.0 . ) but honor , that 's the real reason you either do something or you do not . it 's who you be and maybe who you want to be . if you die try for something important then you have both honor and courage and that 's pretty good . 171 int . wingate - bob' literature CLASS - day 171 Bob sit at he desk , read Michael 's . essay . as he turn to the last page ... michael ( v.0 . ) I think that 's what the writer be say . that you should try for courage and hope for honor . and maybe even pray that the people tell you what . to do have some , too . Bob , visibly move , set down the essay and smile . 172 int . wingate --- auditorium - foyer - day 172 graduation day and Sean sit beside a empty seat in the quick fill auditorium . he see leigh Anne march up the aisle , a big smile on she face . she push down the row and plop down in the seat next to he . sean what ? leigh anne 2.52 . ( off Sean 's ' look ) Michael 's final gpa . get it off Paul 's computer . he do it , Sean . he do it ! Sean grin , then ... sean wait a minute . you break into the principal 's computer ? ( continued ) 110 172 continued : 172 she ignore he and open she program , let Sean know that be precisely what she do . 173 int . wingate - auditorium - day ( later ) 173 graduation ceremony . Paul sandstrom read the name and the graduate move across the stage to get they diploma . as each student walk across the stage a baby picture of they be projected . sandstrom Michael Jerome oher . even though no one be suppose to clap , a spontaneous round of applause give Michael pause as he accept he diploma . project behind he be a picture of the cutest African - american infant the world have ever see . on sean and leigh anne sean where would you find a baby picture of Michael ? leigh anne scan it off a Internet ad for a toddler boutique . ( off he look ) tell a soul and I will rip you tongue out . in the crowd : the tuohy , Big tony , miss Sue , Bob and the other teacher all clap . 174 ext . wingate - outside the auditorium -.day 174 Michael , diploma in hand , shake Sean 's hand . Sean move close , look he in the eye . sean I want you to know something . you and I , okay ? ( beat ) I never believe you could do this . but you do . and I be as proud of you as I be ashamed of myself . I should know better . I will never doubt you again , Michael . Michael smile , nod , give leigh Anne a little hug then rap knuckle with Si and high fives Collins . ( continued ) 111 174 continued : 174 leigh anne Excuse I young man , but I think I need a proper hug . he smile and move to she . off they embrace 175-176 omitted 175-176 177-182 omitted 177-182 183 int . tuohy house - kitchen - day 183 leigh Anne and Sean go over ole miss pamphlet with Michael . leigh anne you will be live in deaton Hall -- here . you will have a meal plan and you will go to Johnson common to eat . sean Johnson commons have all you can eat self - serve ice cream . michael as much as you want ? sean yep , that 's how mama put on she freshman ten . leigh Anne roll up a pamphlet and whacks he hard on she way to answer a ringing phone . leigh anne hello ... this be Mrs. tuohy ... as she listen she give Sean a look - " this be not good " . 184 int . buttding hallway - day 184 leigh Anne walk with Michael . leigh anne they just want to ask you a few question . you have get nothing to hide , Michael . they arrive at a door , open it . 112 185 int . interrogation room - day 185 sit investigator Granger in the room we have see before . she rise , professional , but not smile . granger Mrs. tuohy ? Mr. oher ? my name be jocelyn Granger and I be the Assistant director of enforcement for the NCAA . leigh anne please call I leigh Anne . leigh Anne shake she hand and she and Michael move to the chair . granger Mrs. tuohy , I would prefer to speak with Michael alone . leigh anne how long will this take ? granger awhile . Michael start rub he knee , nervous as hell . leigh anne Michael , I will be outside . leigh Anne peck he cheek and exit , give Michael one last look before she leave . 186 ext . build - day 186 leigh Anne sit on a bench , talk on the phone . leigh anne I have get a bad feel about this , Sean . this broad be tough . oh , . susie 's on the other line . ( click over ) hey ... . what do the client want ?... but that 's tacky ... you know what , fine , if she want she live room to look like a bordello make it happen . she hang up , check she watch and look toward the building . 113 187 int . nondescript government -looking room - day 187 the interrogation be ongoing ... granger you parent be friend with coach bert cotton , correct ? michael coach be a good guy . granger be you aware that coach cotton be accept a job at ole miss ? ( Michael shake he head ) and that this job offer come after you sign with they ? ( no response from Michael ) Sean tuohy , you legal guardian go to ole miss . michael he play basketball . granger and Mrs. tuohy attend ole miss as well . michael she be a cheerleader . granger be it safe to say that ole miss be they favorite school ? ( michael nods ) do they like any other university ? ( michael shrug ) what about , say Tennessee ? michael they can not stand Tennessee . granger so they would not be happy if you choose to play football there ? michael no . granger and you tutor ... ( continued ) 114 187 continued : 187 michael miss Sue . granger miss Sue be a ole miss grad , too . ( michael nods ) do miss Sue try to persuade you to attend ole miss ? ( michael nods ) do you know that the tuohy make generous donation to ole miss ? that even miss Sue make donation ? that the : tuohy 's have a condo in Oxford so they can attend as many athletic event as possible ? that , in fact , Sean and leigh Anne tuohy be by we definition " booster . " michael what 's that mean ? granger a booster be someone with a abnormal interest in a school 's sport . someone who -contribute financially to the University 's athletic program . Michael do not answer , just keep rub he knee . then come the part we have hear before ... ' granger ( cont 'd ) Mr. oher , do you know why I be here ? ( no response ) Mr. oher ?... michael ( v.0 . ) granger do you know , do you understand why I be here ? michael ( v.0 . ) to ... investigate . granger yes . to investigate . I be here to investigate you odd ... predicament . do you find it odd ? you predicament ? ( more ) ( continued ) 115 187 continued : 187 granger ( cont 'd ) ( no response ) Michael ?... michael iono ... she sift through she briefcase , pull out file , document - a good bit of evidence for whatever trouble Michael be in . she sit back , stare at Michael , as if try to figure he out . Michael can not meet she gaze . he look out the window , rub he knee some more . michael ( cont 'd ) can I ... can I leave now ? granger ( with finality ) no . you can not . Michael 's building up anxiety by the second . michael what do you want , mar 'am ? granger what I want , what my job be , be to discern whether something untoward occur in you recruitment to ole miss . michael unto ... granger I want the fact . I need the truth . michael I do not lie ... granger and I want to know what you think about all this . michael think about what ?! it 's the first time we have ever hear Michael raise he voice . it echoe in the room . Granger let it die before she lean forward and continue ... ( continued ) 116 187 continued : 187 granger the NCAA fear that with you recruitment a door might be open that booster from lot of school in the south will become legal guardian for young athlete without mean and funnel they to they alma mater . Michael still do not get it , shake he head . granger ( cont 'd ) I be not say I believe it and I be not say I do not , but there be many people involved with this case who would argue that the tuohy take you in , feed you , clothed you , pay for you private education -- michael ( almost to himself ) no...no ...no ... granger -- buy you a car and pay for a tutor all as part of a plan to insure that you play football for the University of Mississippi . now Michael understand . he stare at the floor for a long time then quickly stand and make for the door . granger ( cont 'd ) Michael , we be not finish . but he 's go . 188 ext . government build - day 188 leigh Anne see Michael exit the building . once he 's outside he move in circle , gesticulate and talk to himself . leigh Anne race over -- leigh anne Michael , what 's wrong ? he look at she , glare really ; upset . michael why would you do it ? ( continued ) 117 188 continued : 188 leigh anne what ? michael all along you want I to go to ole miss . leigh anne well , of course , but ... michael why do you do this for I ?! leigh anne what ? michael everything ! be it for you or be it for I ? be it so I would go to school where you want ?! be it so I would do what you want ?! leigh anne no , Michael ... michael ( point to building ) that 's what she think ! be she right ?! ( she own word ) do not you dare lie to I ! leigh Anne digest this , take a breath ... leigh anne Michael , look ... I can see where , where some people might ... her inability , for the first time , to articulate , hit Michael in the face . michael I be not stupid ! he turn and walk away . leigh anne Michael ?! but she do not move , just watch he go . 189 omitted 189 118 190 int . tughy house - kitchen - night 190 Sean and leigh Anne sit at the kitchen table while Collins and sj pace in the live room . leigh anne ( on she cell ) well if he come by there let I know . thanks . collin ( on phone ) Michael , please call I and let I know you be okay . leigh anne text he sj . sean keep it light . tell he you be gonna take he truck for a spin if he do not get in touch . sj start texting . leigh Anne and Sean stare at each other . a191 int . tuohy house - sean and ' leigh anne's bedroom - night a191 ( later ) Sean sit in bed and leigh Anne pace . leigh anne I should have follow he . sean you have no way of know he would disappear . leigh anne be he right ? ( off Sean 's look ) what he say about we ? sean leigh Anne , be sensible . we give clothes to a boy who have one pair of short . we give he a bed . to hell with the NCAA , I would do it again tomorrow . ( continued ) 119 a191 continued : a191 leigh anne what about the rest of it - all the stuff we do to make sure he get a scholarship ? a scholarship to ole miss . sean he could go wherever he want , he know that . leigh anne do he ? do you ask he ? ' Cause I know for sure I never do . Sean consider this , then beckon . sean come here , honey . she move to he . he put he arm around she , kiss she forehead . leigh anne be I a good person ? ( off he look ) not a joke . not rhetorical . sean you be the best person I know . everything you do , you do for other . leigh anne why be that ? sean ( with a smile ) I have not a clue . you obviously get some sick satisfaction from it . she look at he . there 's truth in he word . leigh anne Sean ... what if he never come back ? 191 ext . hurt village - night 191 Michael make he way toward Building " C " , pass some of the same face we have see before . ( continued ) 120 191 continued : 191 alton open he door to make a transaction with a addict ' and spot Michael . alton that you Big Mike ? get you ass in here . michael I be look for mom . alton you mama ? oh , I see Dee Dee around . she usually stop by for a taste around this time . tell you what , I will get you a forty and we will chop it up ' till she get here . Michael hesitates . alton smile , beckon . 192 omitted 192 193 int . hurt village - alton' apartment - night 193 shitty but with good electronics . there be maybe eight people in the apartment - party , drink , get high . Michael step inside . alton point to a chair . a stone out couple smoke on the adjacent couch . next to they a infant cry in a break down crib . in the other corner of the room sit David , the young man we meet before . Michael nod and David nod back . alton hand Michael a beer . alton it 's good to see you , Big Mike . you lookin ' fit . I hear you playin ' some ball . michael yeah . alton but you know that rich kid football be not like the public school league . people pack knife in they sock . back in the day I be a quarterback . you know that , right ? at mlk . ( continued ) 121 193 continued : 193 michael yeah , I hear . ( to david ) you still play ball over at the jc ? david naw . alton he with I now ! I will open a spot for you , too . david get tired of go to class . always somebody tellin ' I what to do . alton turn it up , bitch ! David jump up and crank the volume on a rap song until the beat be bounce off the wall . Michael sip the beer ; rub he knee . alton ( cont 'd ) you stayin ' to the other side of town , that 's what Dee Dee say . Said you get a new mama . she fine , too . I see she when she come to see Dee Dee . michael she come here ? alton she get any other kid ? she get a daughter ? ( michael nods ) you tap that ? Michael set down the beer , rise to leave . alton ( cont 'd ) where you go ? sit down . I wanna hear about you fine white sister . ' Cause I like I some mommy / daughter . michael shut up . alton step in front of Michael , raise he hand --- ( continued ) 122 193 continued : 193 alton shutup ? you tellin ' I to shut up ? i'llcap you fat ass . cap yourass , drive east and pay a visittoyour cracker mama and she sweetlittle -- Michael shove he hard . alton unprepare for the force , fly back against the wall . on the ground he reach in he belt for he gun , but just as he get it out -- Michael slap it away . he pick up alton and throw he across the room . the party come unhinge as Michael grab alton , hold he against the wall with one hand while pound he with the other . blood fly from alton 's face - eighteen year of subdued rage come out in second . two other guy grab Michael from behind and one -- stick a gun in michael' temple Michael scream like a banshee , spin , grab they and tackle they over the couch . a errant round fire into the ceiling . a table fly and the crib smashes . Michael look to David , freeze in the corner , then over to the scream child on the floor . he grab he head and heave , try to make it all stop - the music , the scream , the cry . the shot pulse to the music and . be intercut with : 194 ext . hurt village - day 194 pulsing flashback image michael , age seven , and several half brother and sister in front of hurt Village as child protective service herd they away from denise oher . she 's scream , the kid be cry . Michael break away and run to denise . seven year old michael mama !! 1 1 he grab she waist and be pull away by a officer . flashback end . back to scene at ... the blind side - yellow draft -- 04/15/09 123 195 int . alton' apartment - night 195 Michael look at the blood on he hand and shirt and stumble out of the room , terrify . 196 int . tuohy house - hallway / michael' bedroom - night 196 leigh Anne stand at the doorway to Michael 's empty , very neat room . she stare , miss everything about he . 197 int . leigh anne's car - day 197 leigh Anne drive around , look for Michael at wingate . 198 ext . west side of memphis STREET - day 198 the street of west side of Memphis . and finally -- 199 ext . hurt village - day 199 leigh Anne approach the complex . alton , he face bandage , sit on the stoop with he crowd . a mother hold the unharme baby . alton he go . leigh Anne stop , look to alton . alton ( cont 'd ) but you tell he I will be see he around . you tell he he will get he . leigh anne Michael be here ? alton last night . sneak I then take off like a little bitch . so you tell he , sleep with one eye open . yod'hear I , bitch ? ' leigh Anne step closer to alton , stare he down . leigh anne no , you hear I , bitch . you threaten my son you threaten I . you so much as cross downtown you will be sorry . I be in a prayer group with the d.a. , I be a member of the nra and I be always pack . ( continued ) 124 199 continued : 199 she tap she tiny purse . alton laugh . alton what you get in there , a .22 ? you get yourself a Saturday night special ? leigh anne and it shoot just fine all the other day , too . she turn on she heel and stride to she car . 200 int . leigh anne's car - day 200 when she get in she 's so nervous she hyperventilate . her phone ring and she open the tiny purse revealing nothing more than a wallet and the phone . she recognize the number and answer ... leigh anne Michael ?!!! michael' voice mama ?... 201 ext . laundromat - day 201 the one where Michael spend the night . he sit inside . leigh Anne pull up , stop and they lock eye . michael ( v.0 . ) you think the police gonna come and get I ? 202 ext . curb - day 202 leigh Anne sit on the curb with Michael . leigh anne I would imagine the last thing anybody at hurt Village want be cop snooping around . ( after a beat ) I swore I would never ask but ... how would you make it out of there , Michael ? michael when I be little and something awful be happen , my mama would tell I to close my eye . ( more ) ( continued ) 125 ' 202 continued : 202 michael ( cont 'd ) she be tryin ' to keep I from see she do drug or other bad thing . and she would say , " keep them close till I say so . " and then when she be finish or the bad thing be over she would say , " now when I count to three , you open you eye and the past be go , the world be a good place , and it 's all gonna be okay . " leigh anne you close you eye . he nod . she shake she head , amaze at the kid . they stare out at the street , then ... leigh anne ( cont 'd ) you know , when I be drive all over Kingdom come look for you I just keep think about one thing . ( beat ) ferdinand the bull . everyone assume because he be big that he want to fight in the ring . but he just want to sit under a tree and smell the flower . ( right at he ) I know I should have ask this a long time ago but do you even wanna play football ? I mean , do you even like it ?' Michael consider this . michael I be pretty good at it . leigh anne yeah , you be . ( a beat ) Sean and I have be talk and Michael , if you be gonna accept a football scholarship we think it should be from Tennessee . ( off he look ) and I promise you I will be at every game cheer for you . michael every game ? ( continued ) 126 202 continued : 202 leigh anne but I will not wear that gaudy orange of theirs because it 's not in my color wheel . michael you want I to go to Tennessee ? leigh anne I want you to go wherever you want . it 's you decision , Michael . it 's you life . michael what if I want to flip burger ? she take this in , swallow hard and leigh anne you decision ; you life . Michael smile . michael okay . leigh anne okay , what ? 203 int . nondescript government -looking room - day 203 Michael be at another session with jocelyn Granger . michael I be sorry I leave the other day . granger you be pretty upset . michael you ask a lot of question . granger I be try to get to the bottom of this . michael but all the question you ask be about why everybody else want I to go to ole miss . ( continued ) 127 203 continued : 203 granger okay ... michael you ask about everybody but I . you never ask why I want to go there . granger alright , fine , Michael ... why do you want to go to ole miss ? michael it 's where my family go to school . it 's where they have always go to school . Granger consider this , stare at Michael , then almost , just almost , smile . dissolve to : 204 ext . ole miss dorm - day 204 Cars be unload as parent and sibling move they kid into the dorm . tearful good - by and lot of picture take . leigh Anne and . Sean walk from the dorm toward the car , give last word of advice . sj and . Collins be there , too . leigh anne College be go to be a different experience for you . there be lot of distraction . sean just have fun . leigh anne there will always be some nimrod in the dorm who want to play video game all night , or goof off on the internet . sean you be gonna have a great time . I know I do . leigh Anne give Sean a look - " you be not help . " ( continued ) 128 204 continued : 204 leigh anne you will spend lot of time at practice which mean you have to be very dedicated to you study . miss sue ( o.s. ) relax , mama . miss Sue walk up carry papers . miss sue ( cont 'd ) just get back from the library where I reserve a private cubicle for the semester . ( hand sheet to Michael ) here 's you class schedule and we study hall hour . she reach in she purse for she key . miss sue ( cont 'd ) now , if y'all do not mind I be gonna go move into my new apartment . she walk away . leigh anne thank you , miss Sue . miss sue yeah , yeah , yeah ... Sean and Michael and sj eye a group of attractive coed sashaying past . sj do a little dance move and laugh . sean have a lot of fun . leigh Anne notice they look . leigh anne Michael oher , you listen to I . I want you to enjoy yourself but you need to know that if you get a girl pregnant out of wedlock I will climb in the car , drive here to Oxford and cut off you penis . SI ( sotto : to Michael ) she mean it . ( continued ) 129 204 continued : 204 michael yes mar 'am . leigh Anne give Sean a look that say , " let 's get on the road . " Sean offer a hand ; Michael shake it . Collins high fives he . sj offer a fist ; Michael knock it . leigh Anne , tear up , nod and give Michael a quick hug . michael ( cont 'd ) thank you , mama . overwhelm , she turn for the car with a little wave . leigh anne the 78 will be a parking lot . we should go . she get inside and close the door for privacy . Sean , sj , Collins and Michael stand there , watch she cry . michael why do she always do that ? sean she 's a onion , Michael . you have to peel she one layer at a time . Michael walk over to the car , knock on the window . she roll it down , dabbing tear from she eye . leigh anne what ? michael I need a proper hug . she get out of the car and hold he for a long time . dissolve to : series of still photo : 205 newspaper headline 205 " local youth shot and kill " leigh anne's voice I read a story the other day about a boy from the project . no daddy , in and out of foster care . ( more ) ( continued ) 130 205 continued : 205 leigh anne's voice ( cont 'd ) he would be kill in a gang fight at hurt Village . 206 newspaper photo 206 a newspaper photo of a dead boy from the . project . then another headline , another young , black face . another and another , until the last headline show a photo of David , alton 's minion - he face full of shine promise . leigh anne's voice in the last paragraph they talk about he superb athletic skill and how different he life might have be if he have not fall behind and drop out of school . he be twenty - one year old the day he die . it be he birthday . 207 still photo of hurt village 207 Lonely , fall apart . leigh anne's voice that could have be anyone . it could have be my son , Michael . 208 still photo of ole miss campus 208 beautiful on a fall day . and then the still come to life and Michael , book in hand , enter frame walk . it 's like the other Michael / crowd shot with one difference - this time he move at the same speed as everyone else . leigh anne's voice but it be not . and I suppose I have God to thank for that . God and lawrence Taylor . a209 int . sean be car - day a209 as the family drive home from ole miss , we notice that leigh Anne be very still . and very content . she close she eye . fade to black . leigh anne's voice one Mississippi ... 131 209 superscript : 209 Michael oher be a freshman all - american in he first season and , with help from miss Sue , make the Dean 's list . Collins follow in she Mom 's footstep and become a cheerleader at ole miss . Sean and leigh Anne still live in Memphis . fade up on : 210 ext . the grove -- day 210 game day and coach 0 and sj walk together , lead the team to the stadium . 211 superscript : sj received everything he be promised . 211 fade to black .