) y ( Rev. 04/18/90 ( cherry ) Rev. 04/25/90 ( Tan ) Rev. 04/26/90 ( White ) Rev. 05/08/90 ( pink ) Rev. 05/10/90 ( Blue ) Rev. 05/18/90 ( yellow ) Rev. 05/25/90 ( Green ) Rev. 06/11/90 ( gold ) Rev. 06/12/90 ( buff ) Rev. 07/09/90 ( salmon ) Rev. 07/12/90 ( cherry ) Rev. 07/19/90 ( Tan ) bonfire of the vanity screenplay by Michael cristofer base on the book by Tom wolfe third draft April 2 , 1990 warner bros . inc . '' 1990 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . inc . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved ) T ( Rev. 5/25/90 * bonfire of the vanity fade in : 1 ext . manhattan skyline - night 1 moving in fast motion -- a kaleidoscopic jewel box -- glitter , shine and speed past we eye . 2 angle 2 moving south to north from the battery and the World Trade Center , street and building flipping past like black diamond spilling into we peripheral vision and disappearing as we speed uptown toward ... 3 fifth avenue - night 3 Cars and people catch in the same frantic ballet of shine light as we race up the avenue , and the voice of Peter fallow speak to we ... peter ( v.o. ) yes . we be get closer . can you feel it . can you see it ? the heat . the brilliance . move fast into the heart of it . buzz. buzz . can you feel the buzz ? the city be pull you in . the city of light . the city of diabolical promise . the city of answer prayer . 4 omitted 4 through through 11 11 a11a ext . STREET - limousine - night a11a pull up to the World Financial Center and drive into the lower garage . a11b int . loading area - limousine - night a11b pull up . a male and female aide -- both carry walkie-talky -- rush to open the door . they pry peter fallow from the back seat . he be wear a tuxedo and dark glass . he be very drunk , dishevel and cheerful beyond he mean . continue in one shot as ... two aide try to lead fallow into the building . fallow be clutch - ing a whiskey decanter and a seltzer bottle . he lean heavily on the aide , stumble and can barely stay on he foot . ( continued ) ) T ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/25/90 2 . * a11b continued : a11b mini cart approach . the aide flag it down and throw fallow onto the cart . the cart carry he past the garbage con - tainer into a long tunnel - like corridor . fallow sway on the cart , try to mix a drink for himself -- he pull a glass out of one pocket and some ice cube out of another pocket . but he be physically incompetent . female aide jump onto the cart and try to hold he up . the male aide run alongside the cart . various waiter in black tie carry cover silver trays as they trot through the tunnel . various busboys come run in the other way , push cart fill with dirty dish and glass . cart come to the end of the tunnel and jerk to a halt . fallow lose he balance and spray the female aide with soda water . male aide pull fallow off the cart and continue to lead he through a dark , red-lit area . several security guard run to meet they . the guard and the aide now escort fallow through the area . a few photographer pop out of nowhere , try to get a picture . the guard push they away and lead fallow into a light corridor . foreign diplomat and he wife and daughter join the entourage as they head for a elevator . the diplomat offer fallow a pen and a book to autograph . fallow miss the pen and fall face down into the breast of the diplomat 's daughter . the guard pull he into the elevator . ( continued ) ) T ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/25/90 3 . * a11b continued : ( 2 ) a11b cart of food be in the elevator -- a tray of salmon mousse in the shape of a three - foot salmon . the elevator start to move . fallow fall into the mousse . the aide pull he up and try to clean he off . elevator door open . fallow be lead out of the elevator . several other aide approach he and pull off he soile jacket and shirt and change they for fresh one as they move . some broadway autograph hound rush fallow , snap picture with little instamatics and try to get a autograph . fallow be lead through the corridor and into ... wintergarden a ten story glass atrium . a black tie party . a sixty - foot banner with fallow 's name on it . Wild applause . but before fallow can get he bearing ... wall of flashing cameras obliterate the view . fallow stagger , clutching he head and we ... dissolve to : 11a ext . park ave . apartment - skylight - evening 11a through the skylight we can see sherman mccoy on he hand and knee on the green marble foyer of this lavish apartment chase the family dachshund , try to attach a leash . peter ( v.o. ) ... and it begin on a rainy night , only a few month ago . sherman come on , Marshall . come here . stay . come on . stay . 12 int . mccoy apartment - sherman - evening 12 the dog escape . sherman smack he perfect wasp knee on the perfect marble floor . ( continued ) ) T ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/25/90 3a . 12 continued : 12 peter ( v.o. ) we hero , sherman mccoy , be about to make a simple phone call . and despite the existence of eleven telephone and seven different line in the fourteen room of he six million dollar plus apartment , this be a phone call he could not make at home . judy ( o.s. ) what on earth be you do ? 13 angle - judy mccoy 13 stand over sherman , who continue to struggle with the dog . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 4 . 13 continued : 13 sherman I be take the dog for a walk . judy you be not take the dog for a walk . you be take ' Marshall ' for a walk . Marshall have a name . he be one of we family . and , anyway , it 's raining . sherman I know that . the dog growls and snap at sherman . judy so do Marshall . I do not think he want to go . do you , Marshall ? * sherman Judy ... judy alright . alright . sherman get the leash fastened . he stand up , pull on a rubberize british riding mac . Judy flick a tiny plastic bag out of a cleverly - conceal container and hand it to sherman . judy have a nice time . 14 omitted 14 &amp ; &amp ; 15 15 15a int . mccoy apartment build - lobby - sherman - night 15a pull Marshall out of the elevator . marshall squeal and drag he nail across the lobby , try desperately to avoid this walk . doorman he do not look too happy about it , Mr. mccoy . sherman neither be I , Bill . ( continued ) 5 . * 15a continued : 15a doorman tony , sir . my name be tony . sherman yes , of course . come on , Marshall . 15b ext . apt . build - sherman - night 15 B be drag Marshall out of the building as a limo pull up and the immaculately - dress pollard browning get out . he look at sherman , sherman 's clothes and sherman 's dog . he do not approve . as they pass each other under the awning ... pollard hello , sherman . sherman good evening , pollard . pollard you know it 's raining , do not you ? sherman yes . as a matter of fact , I do notice . pollard ah , sherman . a true friend to man 's best friend . sherman pollard , you old phrase - maker . pollard I beg you pardon . sherman I mean , be that the best you can do ? be that as witty as we get ? as pollard enter the building and sherman drag Marshall away ... pollard I do not know what you be talk about . and furthermore , if you plan on be wet when you return , I suggest you take the service elevator . 16 angle - phone booth 16 sherman drag Marshall to the phone . ( continued ) 6 . 16 continued : 16 they be both already soaking wet . sherman dial a number . a woman answer . woman ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) hello ? sherman Maria ! hello . it 's I . woman ( v.o. ) who ? sherman oh. sorry . May I speak to Maria ? woman ( v.o. ) who be this ? sherman Maria ? brief pause , then ... woman ( v.o. ) sherman ? sherman be about to say " yes " when he catch himself . CUT to : 17 int . mccoy apartment - judy - night 17 be on the phone . judy sherman , be that you ? 18 ext . phone booth - sherman - night 18 realize what he 's do . he freeze . then he hang up . sherman Jesus ! 19 int . mccoy apartment - judy - night 19 look at the phone , then put it down . CUT to : 20 ext . apartment build - sherman - night 20 be drag marshal back into the building . 7. 21 int . mccoy bedroom - judy - night 21 be on she exercise bike , pedale furiously . she can hear sherman come into the apartment . sherman ( o.s. ) well , we be back ! 22 angle - dog 22 come scamper into the bedroom follow by sherman . sherman well , you be right . I get soaking wet and Marshall do not do anything . he head for the bathroom , grab a towel . judy sherman , if you want to talk to somebody name Maria , why do you call I instead ? sherman poke he head into the room . sherman if I what ? whatever do you mean ? judy please do not lie . it make you * forehead crinkle . * sherman about what ? wait a minute . what be we talk about ? judy you should see you face . it 's a * veritable roadmap of tension and * deceit . * sherman I be sorry , but I do not get it . have I miss something ? judy darling , the only thing you be * miss be common sense . you be * go to stand there and tell I you do not call here and ask to speak to some Maria ? sherman who ? ( continued ) 8. 22 continued : 22 judy you think I do not know you voice ? sherman Judy , I be out walk the dog . I be not on the telephone . judy crinkle , crinkle , crinkle . * sherman I be not lie . I take marshal for a walk , and I come back in here and wham -- I mean I hardly know what to say . you be ask I to prove a negative proposition . judy ' negative proposition ' ?! oh , God , sherman . listen to the way I sound . listen to the stress . can * you hear it ? I do not want to be * this person . I do not . I be thin . I be beautiful . I do not deserve this . she get off the bike , grab a robe and head for the door . sherman Judy ... judy there 's the phone . why do not you just call she from here ? I do not care . I really do not care . you be cheap and rotten and a liar , * and you be drip on the * aubusson carpet . * she go . sherman collapse in a chair . he look at the phone . peter ( v.o. ) she be right , of course . and sherman know it . Christ . how could he have be so stupid ? a simple phone call ... dissolve to : 23 int . mccoy apartment - campbell mccoy - day 23 be run through the apartment toward the front door . she be seven year old . 9 . 24 angle - sherman 24 descend the five - foot wide walnut staircase that lead from the second floor to the marble foyer . in this view , we can see that sherman mccoy -- like he surroundings -- be impeccably design and dress . peter ( v.o. ) the next morning , Judy 's word be still ringing in he ear . cheap. rotten . and a liar . alright . but be it really he fault . in a way she have bring it on herself , have not she ? he intercept Campbell at the foot of the stair . sherman Campbell , honey . be we ready ? campbell I be out of here . sherman slow down . where 's you mother ? judy ( o.s. ) Campbell ! campbell she 's cry on the lifecycle . peter ( v.o. ) on the lifecycle again . you see ? like all that other woman she spend so much time with . so draw , so pale . you could see lamplight through they bone ... as sherman pick up he briefcase and a copy of the newspaper , Campbell open the door and ring for the elevator . 25 angle - judy 25 approach they look pale and thin and draw , dress in exercise clothes , sweat and still cry . she look like she 's spend a sleepless night . judy she will not kiss I because I be all wet . sherman Campbell , kiss you mother . Campbell kiss Judy . ( continued ) 10 . 25 continued : 25 sherman Judy ...? but Judy walk away without speak to he . sherman watch she . 26 he Pov - judy' rear end 26 look pretty unappetize in she soggy sweatpant . peter ( v.o. ) he be still a young man , in the season of the rise sap . he deserve more than this ... this ... social x-ray . and she be turn into one of they ! 27 ext . apartment build - sherman and campbell - day 27 come out of the building . peter ( v.o. ) dragging themselves to they sport training class , they keep themselves so thin , they look like x-ray picture . Sports - train to death . doorman ' Morning , Mr. mccoy . sherman ' Morning , tony . doorman Bill , sir . my name be Bill . sherman yes , of course . Campbell , say hello to tony . campbell hi , Bill . doorman ' Morning , Campbell . sherman be distract by ... 28 he Pov - another rear end 28 fuller , firmer and excruciatingly wrap in a pair of yellow short that be scream for attention . 11 . * 28a angle - sherman 28a put Campbell on a school bus . the bus pull away ... peter ( v.o. ) sherman be a master of the universe . he deserve better . CUT to : 29 omitted 29 through through 31 31 32 int . bond trading room - sherman - day 32 walk into the chaos and move through the din , a smile of pleasure and anticipation on he lip . we catch bit of conversation . young man I say pick up the fuck phone , please . I be ask nice . I be ask you to pick up the fuck phone . another man if you can not see the goddamn screen , then I can not help you . if you can not see what the hell we be talk about , then what be we talk about ?! third man well , then why do you think everybody 's stripping the twenty year ?! 33 angle - black shoeshine man 33 finish one man 's shoe , collect three dollar and move on to the next . ( except for give he the money , nobody register he presence . ) FOURTH man bid eight and a half . and then I want you to work hard on this , see what 's happen with the escrow , do they forfeit or no ? fifth man this Goldman order really fuck thing up . and the bank be call it 73 . why be they pissing on we like that ? ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 12. 33 continued : 33 sixth man look , look , look . let I say this again so we be clear . I want the turkey rice soup . I do not want the chicken rice , I want the turkey rice ! seventh man I be tell you somebody 's painting you a fuck picture ! can not you see that ?! I be tell you to swap they . you get all this downside protection if the jap market rally . just do it , do it , do it ! 34 angle - sherman 34 approach he own desk , he own telephone , he own computer terminal . he dial a number . tape voice ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) hi. this be 555-8771 . leave a * message and I will get back to you as soon as be humanly possible . sherman Maria , where be you ? I have be try to reach you for day . please call I at the office . I have to speak to you . rawlie thorpe come run up to sherman . rawlie gene 's on from London . let 's go ! let 's go ! sherman calm down , rawlie . let 's not get over - excited . rawlie yes , sherman . sorry . sherman calm . cool. colate . let 's not lose we composure over a few hundred million dollar . rawlie Jesus Christ , sherman . you must be make of ice . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 13 . * 34 continued : 34 sherman just remember , rawlie . a frantic salesman be a dead one . a dead one , rawlie . 35 int . conference room - day 35 sherman and several man be seat at attention face a Adam bowfront cabinet . the cabinet be richly paint with scene of bucolic splendor and ornate border . on top of this museum piece , a black plastic speaker over which the voice of gene lopwitz be address he inferior . gene ( v.o . ) but what the hell be this crazy giscard deal go to cost we , sherman ? sherman I need six hundred million to buy up the bond ... gene ( v.o. ) ( on speaker ) Jesus . you want we to sit on six hundred million dollar worth of french government bond ?! sherman I be confident on this , gene . it 's a real sleep beauty . a throttled roar come out of the speaker . rawlie where be you , gene ? gene ( v.o. ) tottenham Park . at a cricket match . somebody 's just hit the hell out of the ball . the ball 's kind of dead , though . rawlie who 's play ? gene ( v.o. ) do not get technical on I , rawlie . bunch of nice young man in white flannel pants . sherman what do you say , gene . be we in or out ? ( continued ) ) p ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/10/90 14 . 35 continued : 35 gene ( v.o. ) ( on speaker ) gold have to hold steady . and if the franc start to drop ... sherman Bernard sach be already in for * three hundred million . do that make you feel better ? gene ( v.o. ) ( on speaker ) sherman , you be go to make I a old man . sherman a rich old man , gene . a rich old man . another roar of the crowd come over the speaker . gene ( v.o. ) ( on speaker ) what be that ? oh . it 's over . be it over ? the game 's over . well . that 's that , I guess . sherman I guess you have to be there . eh , gene ? ( continued ) 15 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 gene ( v.o. ) ( on speaker ) what ? what be that ? sherman flip off the speaker . sherman at ease , gentleman . the meeting break up . 36 angle - sherman 36 move through the bond trading room to he desk . * peter ( v.o. ) the roar envelop he . Music to he ear . the sound of educate young white man bay for money on the bond market . six hundred million in he hand . six million off the top for pierce &amp ; pierce . one point seven million for sherman . all in a day 's work . he be there . at the top -- impervious , untouchable , insulate by wealth and power . a great height from which to view the rest of the poor world . a great height from which to fall . 36a angle - fax machine 36a * spitting out the message : " sherman , arrive New York * on the concorde tonight . best , Maria . " * 37 ext . kennedy airport - night 37 the sky be a labyrinth of plane take off and landing . 38 int . INTERNATIONAL arrival - maria - night 38 come out of the custom area into the lobby . she be a vision -- young , beautiful , ultra-chic in she big - shoulder electric blue Norma kamali type jacket , she miniskirt , she lizard shoe . the sweaty horde of panting tourist all seem to part like the Red Sea as Maria pass through they , follow by a porter and a trolley full of luggage . 39 angle - sherman 39 move toward Maria . they embrace clumsily . ( continued ) ) W ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/9/90 16 . 39 continued : 39 maria sherman , you be a absolute angel come all the way out here . sherman I have to talk to you . I do the most stupid thing last night . maria oh , dear . be we go to talk about it right now ? sherman yes . we have to . maria do not you want a little poon tang first ? sherman Maria . please . this be important . maria alright . tell mama all about it . 40 ext . mercede - night 40 move off the Van wyck and onto the Grand Central Parkway . 41 int . mercede - sherman and maria - night 41 Maria be laugh . she be fiddling with the back of sherman 's neck and chew on he ear while she other hand be in he crotch . Maria be laugh . * sherman I know it have its funny side but it be not funny . maria well , it 's you own fault for * get catch like a red herring . * sherman you mean red-hand . * maria that 's what I say ... could not we * just forget about you wife and * go on over to we little hideaway * on 59th Street and hide away a * little ? * ( continued ) ) W ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/9/90 17 . 41 continued : 41 sherman I think she know . * maria well , of course she know . that 's not the point . sherman it be not ? maria oh , sherman , honey . you be so sweet . I could eat you alive , if I could get this zipper down . sherman , be not we suppose to turn there ? sherman where ? 42 he Pov - sign 42 read " Manhattan " way off to the right , several full lane away . maria ( o.s. ) I be sure that 's the turnoff to Manhattan . sherman ( o.s. ) well , I can not get over there now . we will have to exit and get back on . 43 omitted 43 * 44 there Pov - more sign 44 " east bronx new england " and " east 138th bruckner blvd . " * 45 ext . mercede - night 45 veer onto ramp and head toward the 138th St. exit . * 46 omitted 46 * 47 ext . mercede - night 47 be suddenly off the expressway and drive at ground level -- a dark street , pile at one side with car * tire -- totally bleak . * ) W ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/9/90 18 . * 48 int . mercede - sherman and maria - night 48 maria sherman , where be we ? sherman we be in the bronx . maria what do that mean ? sherman it mean we be go north . all I need to do be make a leave and go * west and find a street back to Manhattan . 49 ext . mercede - night 49 make a right out of the traffic and suddenly ... 50 angle - STREET life 50 surround the car -- people , music , car , color . a boulevard of dizzy sound and sight . 19 . 51 int . mercede - sherman and maria - night 51 as it stop for a red light . maria sherman ? sherman yes , Maria . maria where be all the white people ? a loud scream . 52 there Pov - pimp 52 be be pursue by a prostitute . she be stone , move in slow motion , scream . she grab he from behind ; he elbow she in the stomach . she fall to she knee right in front of the mercede . 53 another angle 53 sherman Christ . she 's not touch the car , be she ? maria sherman , I be from the South and I be beginning not to like this very much . 54 prostitute 54 lean on the hood of the car , stand up and continue she pursuit of the pimp . 55 angle - sherman 55 lean out the window . sherman Excuse I , please do not touch the car . 56 angle - maria and sherman 56 maria sherman , get we out of here . * sherman I have a red light . a face appear at the window next to Maria . a young latin man . he laugh . ( continued ) 20 . 56 continued : 56 young man hey , baby . we have a party ? Maria lean toward sherman and press she foot down on the accelerator . the car jerk into motion . sherman Maria ! maria drive , sherman . just drive . 57 ext . mercede - night 57 leap across the intersection and continue down the boulevard . 58 int . mercede - sherman and maria - night 58 sherman look , there 's no need to panic . maria that 's what you think . I have all my luggage with I . sherman I just do not want to do anything stupid . if we keep we head , we will be perfectly fine . maria Christ . we be in the middle of a goddamn war zone and you be worried about do the right thing . look ! there ! 59 ext . STREET - sign 59 read " 895 east geo . wash . bridge . " and just beyond the sign , a ramp lead up to the expressway . maria ( o.s. ) there ! George Washington Bridge , you see it ?! 60 int . mercede - angle through windshield - sherman and 60 maria - night as sherman pull toward the ramp . another pothole jolt the car . Maria 's luggage fly forward , hit sherman in the back of he neck . at the same time , Maria see something in the road ahead of they . ( continued ) 21 . 60 continued : 60 maria sherman ! what 's that ?! sherman hit the brake . the car stall and come to a screeching halt . maria it 's a body . sherman it look like ... maria it 's a animal . sherman I think it 's a ... maria be it dead ? sherman it 's a wheel , that 's all . it 's a tire . maria it 's a dead tire ! sherman calm down , Maria . please . it 's a tire and some ash can or something . sherman start to get out of the car . maria what be you do ?! sherman well , I can not drive around it , can I ? maria you be go to move it ? sherman yes . that 's exactly what I be go to do . maria for God 's sake , be careful of you shoe . 61 ext . mercede - sherman - night 61 get out of the car . ( continued ) 22 . 61 continued : 61 he leave the door open . above he , the tremendous clanging noise of car pounding along the expressway . but he can not see they . he can only hear they and feel they vibration . he stand there a moment , take in the strangeness of the place and of he own situation -- the tire , Maria , he wife , he life . a little chill of lone - liness hit he . he shake it off and walk to the tire -- a simple , inevitable move toward a destiny he could never have imagine . 62 angle - tire 62 as sherman approach . he try to pick it up without get he suit mess up . suddenly ... maria ( o.s. ) sherman ! he turn , tire in he hand and see ... 63 he Pov - two figure 63 walk toward he . one big , young , powerfully build ( roland auburn ) . he look dangerous . the other slight , hesitant , a few step behind the first one ( henry lamb ) . they be both black . roland yo ! need some help ? 64 quick cut - scene 64 sherman be stand there hold the tire . the two young man be move steadily toward he . roland what happen , man ? you need some help ? sherman no thanks . hi . no , I do not think so . no . thank you very much . sherman be confuse . he do not move . Maria get behind the wheel of the car . roland reach slowly into he jacket pocket . he smile and keep move toward sherman . sherman see the hand move out of the jacket pocket . he be still freeze . Maria blows the horn . sherman wake up finally . sherman Excuse I . I have to go . ( continued ) 23 . 64 continued : 64 he start to move toward the car , still carry the tire . roland step in front of he . they both keep move . roland where you go with that tire ? sherman oh . be this yours ? here . you take it . sherman push the tire toward roland . roland push it back at he . sherman throw up he arm . the tire bounce off he arm and knock roland down . sherman oh. sorry . I be sorry , I do not mean to ... 65 angle - maria 65 honk the horn again and drive the car toward sherman . 66 angle - sherman 66 turn toward the car , and bump into Henry . they both fall down . 67 angle - roland 67 get to he foot and move toward the car . 68 angle - maria 68 open the car door for sherman . maria sherman , get in this car . 69 angle - sherman 69 jump into the car , pull the door shut and hit the lock mechanism just as ... 70 angle - roland 70 grab the door handle on Maria 's side . Maria squeal ahead . 71 angle - car 71 jerk into motion . but it be now sideways on the ramp and almost hit the guardrail . 24 . 72 angle - maria 72 hit the brake and put the car into reverse . sherman look out ! 73 angle - roland 73 be charge toward the car with the tire . he throw it at the windshield . 74 angle - maria 74 squeal into first gear as the tire bounce off the windshield . 75 angle - sherman 75 look back at the fly tire and see ... 76 he Pov - henry 76 move around the rear end of the car . 77 angle - maria and sherman 77 Maria pull the wheel hard to the right . the car fishtail . sherman be careful . there 's ... but before he can say it , a loud , dead sound -- thok ! sherman look back ... 78 he Pov - rear of car 78 as before -- except that Henry be go . roland be run - ning after the car . 79 angle - sherman and maria 79 move too fast up the ramp toward the traffic on the expressway . Maria hit the brake and then gun the gas . 80 ext . mercede - night 80 the car careen recklessly into the traffic . other car swerve and blow they horn as the mercede force its way into the flow of traffic head toward Manhattan . 81 angle 81 a sign above the traffic read " Manhattan . " 25 . 82 ext . mercede - night 82 pull off the drive onto 59th Street . the car pull into * a parking space . sherman and Maria get out . they move toward a brownstone apartment building . sherman I wonder if we should report this to the police . maria the police ? sherman I mean we be almost rob and I think maybe it 's possible you ... we hit one of they . there be this kind of ... there be this sound . do you hear it ? like we hit one of they . maria do you see he get hit ? sherman no . maria neither do I . so if the question ever come up , all that happen be , two boy block the road and try to rob we and we get away . that 's all we know . they go into ... 83 int . brownstone - sherman and maria - night 83 climb the stair . sherman but if we call the police now ... maria yes , let 's call they and invite they over here to we little love nest . they would love to get they hand on we . the police and the press and all the rest of the ' mediarite . ' sherman meteorite ? ( continued ) 26 . 83 continued : 83 maria yes . newspaper , radio , television . I can see it now . Mr. sherman mccoy of Park Avenue and Mrs. Arthur ruskin of fifth Avenue , recuperate after they adventure in the bronx -- explain that to you wife . sherman yes . you have a point . Maria unlock the door and they go into ... 84 int . maria' apartment - sherman and maria - night 84 sherman I would just feel better if ... Maria drop everything and turn on he ... maria you do not have to feel better , sherman . I be the one who be drive . and I be say I do not hit anybody , and I be not report anything to the police ! and if you be a gentleman , you will support I in that decision . silence . they be both out of breath . they look at each other . then Maria start to unbutton she blouse . maria ( very sexy now ) we be in the jungle ... we be attack ... we fight we way out . sherman it 's true . we could have be kill . maria we fight . I feel like a animal . sherman you drive the hell out of that car . maria the hard part be get into the seat , get over that gear shift . ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 27 . 84 continued : 84 she open he shirt . she be suddenly all over he . sherman it be instinct . maria that tire ... sherman he be big ... be not he ? maria you be bigger , sherman . you be great ... sherman we be both great . maria this could be the best sex we have have in a long time . sherman I do not know . I still think ... maria do not think , sherman . do not think . just fuck . they do . 85 int . courtroom - statue - day 85 a thirty foot rendition of " blind justice " -- a gigantic woman with the scale of justice in one hand and a bronze sword in the other . judge white ( o.s. ) * Mr. sonenberg !?! 86 angle - judge leonard white - day 86 * be up on the bench lean forward , chin down , eye blaze , he bony skull and beak nose stick out of he robe -- he look like a buzzard perch for take - off . judge white * where be mister son-nenberg ? 87 angle - courtroom 87 in chaos -- ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 28. 87 continued : 87 -- child run about as if they be in a day care center , clump of people in the spectator section wait they turn , people talk , go in and out pay little attention to the judge until ... judge white * where the hell be mister son-nen-berg !!! everyone freeze -- include the kid . 88 angle - judge whit 88 * address the defendant . judge white * alright , Mr. lockwood , you sit down . and if and when you lawyer deign to favor we with he presence ... lockwood ( defendant ) two to six , judge . he point at Ray andriutti , the assistant d.a. lockwood two week ago he tell I two to six ... judge white * Mr. lockwood ... lockwood two to six or we go to trial ... judge white * nobody want to go to trial , Mr. lockwood . lockwood I will go to trial . judge white * listen , you son of a bitch . you be a nice boy , you be young , you get a lot go for you . try to understand I . we get 7,000 felony indictment in the bronx every year . and we get room for 650 trial . and you be not go to be one of they . lockwood I go to trial . ) R ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/8/90 29 . 89 angle - jed kramer 89 * come into the courtroom and move toward Ray andriutti . 90 angle - white 90 judge white you go sit down , that 's what you go do ! and when you asshole lawyer show up , you be gonna take whatever plea bargain we give you and you be gonna kiss my ass and thank I that I do not put you away for twenty - five year . which , if this case ever do come to trial be exactly what you would get . now get out of my face . 91 angle - kramer 91 sit at the table next to Ray andriutti . as they talk , Kramer take a pair of black shoe out of a plastic bag . he take off the reebok that he 's wear and put the shoe on . kramer ( refer to lockwood ) what do he do ? ray he pull a knife on a seventy - year - old lady , rob she , rape she and then shove she in a garbage can . kramer Jesus . ray ( laugh ) welcome to the South bronx . 92 angle - the scene 92 as the clerk announce the next case . clerk people versus harold Williams . indictment number 294721 . * judge white this case be dismiss three week ago . ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 30 . 92 continued : 92 ray ( to Kramer ) go get he , tiger . kramer shit . judge white * what be this case do here ? kramer May I approach the bench , you honor ? judge white * who the hell be you ? kramer uh , Kramer , sir. Assistant District ... judge white * you be new here , Mr. Kramer . let I explain something to you . this case be what we call a piece of shit . which mean , loosely translate , that you have no evidence . kramer you honor , the District Attorney , Mr. Weiss ... judge white * I know who the district attorney be . I know Mr. Weiss . and the only reason Mr. Weiss be interested in the case be because Mr. Williams over there be a white man who life in a nice big house in riverdale . kramer I do not follow , sir ... judge white * because this be a election year . because ninety - nine percent of the people you shovel through here be black and the other ninety - nine percent do not even speak English . but they do vote . ( more ) ( continued ) ) p ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/10/90 31 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 judge white ( cont 'd ) so Mr. Weiss , you boss , the District Attorney -- who dream every night that someday he be go to be mayor of New York City -- what he need be a white man . he need to find he , book he , and throw he in jail . then he look good to everybody . the press like it , the voter like it , even you mother will like it . you follow I now , Mr. Kramer ? kramer yes , you honor . judge white so you go tell you boss , the district attorney , Captain ahab Weiss that I know he 's out there look for the great white defendent ... but Mr. Williams over there be not it . 93 int . corridor - kramer and andriutti - day 93 * come out of the courtroom . * ray ( sarcastic ) do not take it personally . kramer thanks . ray maybe he do not like you shoe . voice ( o.s. ) be you andriutti ? 94 angle to include detective a.j. martin and stewart 94 goldberg ray yeah . what ? martin I be Martin . this be detective Goldberg . we just come from lincoln Hospital . you get a minute ? ( continued ) ) p ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/10/90 32 . 94 continued : 94 ray * yeah , what do you get ? * they move down the corridor . * martin we get a kid name Henry Lamb , * show up at the hospital last * night with a break wrist . * ray so ? * martin so they fix he up in the * emergency room and they send he * home . ray * so? martin so this morning he mother bring he back , he 's get a concussion . he go into a coma and now they classify he likely to die . kramer you talk to he ? martin no . he be already out . goldberg he 's in a coma . kramer oh , yeah . * martin no . there 's a nurse there busting my ball . she say the kid tell he mother he be hit by a car . a mercede . and the car leave the scene . goldberg hit and run . kramer the mother tell you this , too ? ( continued ) ) p ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/10/90 33 . 94 continued : ( 2 ) 94 martin the mother will not talk to we . she 's get a shitload of parking ticket and she do not want to talk to the police . ray so why be you come to we ? you get a victim who 's unconscious , you get no witness , no driver -- you get what we call here a piece of shit . ai not that right , Mr. Kramer ? Martin and Goldberg look at each other . martin what we get here be a problem . goldberg you ever hear of reverend Bacon ? ray oh , no . not I . Kramer , this be all yours . I will see you gentleman later . andruitti turn and go . CUT to : 95 omitted 95 * &amp ; &amp ; 96 96 * 97 int . rev . bacon' church ( harlem ) - close on choir of 97 black women - day in the middle of a hymn . pull back to include : Rev. Bacon in the middle of a tirade . ( continued ) 34 . 97 continued : 97 bacon this be a tragedy . a fine young man have be strike down . God - fear , church - go , never in trouble , graduate from high school , ready for college -- and somebody come along -- some rich white people in a rich white man 's car and wham ! they run he down and never even stop . now what be we go to do about this parking ticket ? pull back to include Kramer , Martin and Goldberg . Kramer be throw . kramer well , uh ... first of all , reverend ... be it reverend ? bacon be , be , and always will be . kramer first of all , reverend , we have no evidence of ... bacon this be you evidence ... 98 angle to include mrs . annie lamb 98 come up the aisle behind they . * kramer oh , sorry , mar 'am . I do not see ... bacon Mrs. Lamb be not speak to the police . until we have proper counsel , I will speak for she . kramer alright , then . let I see if I have this straight . the boy be hit by a car ... bacon on bruckner boulevard . innocently walk along , mind he own business ... a clear case of hit-and-run . ( continued ) 35 . 98 continued : 98 kramer no , reverend . I be sorry . but you see , you have no witness . without a witness , there 's no case of anything at all . bacon you get what he tell he mother . kramer that 's hearsay . you may believe it and I may believe it , but it 's not admissable in a court of law . bacon if this boy be bear on Park Avenue and he be run down by two nigger in a pontiac firebird , then you would have a case ! would not you ?! martin I work Park Avenue and I work bruckner boulevard , reverend . there 's good and bad in both place . now we will do everything we can for this lady . but we do not have a hell of a lot to go on . bacon gentlemen , I want you to make a investment here . a investment in steam control . kramer steam control ? bacon that 's right . steam control . because a righteous steam be building up in the soul of my people and that steam be ready to blow . kramer I see . well ... bacon now , on judgment day , I be you safety valve . because when it blow -- and it will , my friend -- how grateful you will be that I be on you side -- the one nigger who can control the steam and save you lily white ass from be burn off the face of the earth so to speak . ( continued ) 36 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 kramer you think this car be drive by a white man , huh ? bacon I seldom think . I just plain * know . * kramer well , reverend . I will see what I can do . Kramer , Martin and Goldberg start to go . Bacon put he arm around Mrs. Lamb . bacon the next time you gentleman hear from we , it will be through we lawyer . Mrs. Lamb go to Kramer . mrs. lamb he say it start with a ' R. ' that be the first letter . the second letter be a ' E ' or a ' B ' or maybe a ' P. ' that be the first two letter of the license plate . if that 's any help to you . 99 ext . road - license plate - day 99 of sherman 's mercede -- rph 633 . 100 angle - car 100 approach southampton . 101 int . car - sherman 101 be drive . Judy and Campbell be with he . no one be talk . then ... sherman we should move out here . no response . sherman have you ever think , I mean , what if we move out of New York ? what do you think ? judy about what ? ( continued ) 37 . * 101 continued : 101 sherman do you think we could leave New York ? judy no . sherman my father do it . jduy you be not you father . peter fallow ( v.o. ) she know how to hurt a guy . no . he be nothing like he father . his father , the lion of dun , sponget and Leach . his father , who take the subway to work every day of he life . his father , who still believe in principal and ethic , whose repeat lesson concern duty , debt and responsibility have whistle through he son 's head . no. sherman mccoy be nothing like he father . 102 ext . beach house - porch - day 102 sherman and Judy be have drink with sherman 's father and mother . over the follow , Campbell be tug at Judy 's sleeve , ask repeatedly , " but what do he do ? what do daddy do ?! " to which , Judy reply , " he sell bond . " sherman be , at the same time , search through a newspaper for any news of the accident . mrs. mccoy ( mother ) ... and she say to I , ' I like my older customer best of all . they be the only one who drink anymore . ' everyone laugh . mrs. mccoy ' my older customer ! ' mr. mccoy ( father ) she think you be twenty - five . ( to Judy ) all of a sudden I be marry to a white ribbon . ( continued ) 38 . 102 continued : 102 judy sherman , what be you look for in that newspaper ? sherman nothing . I ... uh ... no , nothing special . campbell but what 's a bond ? mrs . mccoy ( delighted ) oh , yes , sherman , do explain it . mr. mccoy yes . you mother and I really want to hear this , sherman . sherman a bond be a way of lend people money . let 's say you want to build a road or a hospital and you need a lot of money . well , you issue a bond ... campbell do you build road ? sherman no , I do not actually build they ... mr. mccoy I think you be in over you head . more laughter . judy here . let I try . darling , daddy do not build road or hospital or anything , really . daddy just handle the bond for the people who raise the money . campbell that 's what he say . bond . judy yes . see , just imagine that a bond be a slice of cake . now you do not bake that cake , but every time you hand somebody a slice of that cake , a little bit come off , little crumb fall off . and you be allow to keep that crumb . ( continued ) 39 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 sherman crumb ? really ... mr. mccoy ( pointedly ) and many a man have sell he soul for that little crumb . judy ( enjoy this ) yes . and that 's what daddy do . he pass somebody else 's cake around and pick up the crumb . but you have to imagine a lot of crumb . and a great golden cake . and a lot of golden crumb . and you have to imagine daddy run around pick up every little golden crumb he can get he hand on . that 's what daddy do . sherman well , you can call they crumb if you want to ... judy that 's the best I can do . Excuse I . she get up abruptly and leave . Mrs. mccoy go after Judy . sherman and he father sit there without talk . then ... mr. mccoy of course , in my day , there be some integrity to it ... sherman yes. well ... mr. mccoy now it 's not about anything , be it ? except the money . sherman I do not make the rule . mr. mccoy all the more reason not to play the game . sherman we be have a little ... it 's nothing serious . really . 103 omitted 103 * ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 40 . 104 int . leicester's restaurant - close on peter fallow - 104 night Peter 's face be flat on the bar . he look bad -- drunk , out of shape , dishevel and probably unclean . peter ( v.o . ) of course , up to this point in we story , I be blissfully ignorant . I have no idea of the storm that be gather . never even hear of sherman mccoy . have not the faintest notion that soon he name would be inexorably tie to mine . that he fate would be inextricably bound to my own destiny . 104a angle - bartender 104a nudge Peter awake and put three drink into Peter 's hand . Peter stagger away from the bar , carry the drink . peter ( v.o. ) I have my own problem . and I simply have no idea that sherman mccoy be the solution I be look for . 105 angle - caroline heftshank and filippo chirazzi 105 * enter the restaurant . he be handsome and young . she be older and not as pretty as he be . Peter intercept they . peter caroline . you devil . come and have a drink with we . caroline Peter . you pig . I be with someone . Peter steer they to a table fill with people . peter yes . and a very pretty someone he be , too . caroline ( introduce they ) this be filippo chirazzi , the artist . this be Peter fallow , the have -been . peter enchante . we be a little crowded . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . 105 continued : 105 peter ( cont 'd ) why do not you squeeze in next to billy cortez . billy , you keep you hand to yourself . now , filippo , you sit down on top of billy and I will see if I can get caroline to sit down on my face . Peter sit in a chair and try to pull caroline into he lap . caroline grab filippo . caroline no thanks , Peter . the last time I sit on you face , I end up with a yeast infection . they leave . Peter laugh and almost fall off he chair . 106 angle - gerald moore 106 stand over Peter . moore good evening , peter. peter ( shocked ) Gerald . well . hello . he try to get up . moore no , do not get up . you know my daughter , do not you ? peter yes. Evelyn . how be you ? evelyn Lovely . moore ( to eveyln ) this be one of my invisible employee . one of the many journalist who be suppose to be write for my newspaper . you be very fortunate to see he because I hardly ever do . Peter struggle to he foot . peter Gerald , have a drink . please , I can explain . ( continued ) 42 . 106 continued : 106 moore thanks , no . we be have a private little dinner in the back . peter ah. yes. well ... as they move across the room ... moore you know , I be at a dinner party * last night . and in the middle of the pudding , this four- year - old * child come in pull a toy wagon around the table and on the wagon be a fresh turd . her own , I suppose . and the parent just shook they head and smile . peter incroyable ! moore I have make a big investment in you , Peter . time and money . and it 's not work . now I could just shake my head and smile . but in my house , when a turd appear , we deal with it . we dispose of it . we flush it away . we do not put it on the table and call it caviar . peter I see . yes . yes , of course . well , I be on to something right now ... and I think I have get ... it 's just a matter of ... this be something that be really go to break open ! Moore just look at he . then ... moore I sincerely hope so , fallow . I sincerely hope so . come , Evelyn . they march into the back room of the restaurant . peter ( v.o . ) it be the end of the road for I . I could see it come . see it come ? Christ , it be here ! ) U ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/11/90 43. 107 ext . STREET - peter fallow - dawn 107 be sit on a park bench . he 's be up all night . he stagger across the street into the City Light newspaper office ... peter ( v.o. ) I would have my chance and I would blow it away in a bottle . it be over . and I have to face up to that fact . 108 int . fallow' bedroom - peter - morning 108 * in bed . * peter ( v.o. ) I could always go back home . small town , small newspaper . or I could take the time off , write a novel or two . or I could slit my wrist . this last suggestion actually seem the most appeal because , in fact , it require the least amount of effort . the telephone ring . peter ( v.o. ) and then the telephone ring . he answer . peter hello ? Peter fallow speak . CUT to : 109 int . limousine - albert fox - morning 109 be on the phone . his assistant sit next to he type into a word processor . the car be a mini-office . fox Peter ? Albert fox. yeah . you sound terrific . any pulse ? ha. ha ! I call the office , but * nobody seem to know where you * be or even who you be . * anything I should know ? * peter * nothing to know , I be work at * home today , that 's all . * ( continued ) ) U ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/11/90 44 . 109 continued : 109 fox good , good , good . I get something * I want to talk to you about , Peter . I think there 's a hell of a story in it ... 110 omitted 110 through through 114a 114a 114b int . tv set - hospital room - albert fox - day 114b be stand by a bed . in the bed be a midget -- a man . he have a bandage around he head . stand with Albert be another midget -- a woman . she be cry . albert ... and the cause of this little people will always be dear to my heart , whether it be discrimination or job security or simply the right to have urinal at the proper height so that accident like this do not happen . pull back to include : two doctor ( McDonald carey and Dr. Hunter ) , a newspaper reporter ( Jennifer Horton ) and Jack devereaux . jennifer * have you ever think of give * up the law and become a actor ? * albert * I be a actor . * jack * and a damn good one too . * albert * well , thank you . * Albert shake hand . * albert when the rights of any people be threaten -- no matter how big or how small -- Albert Fox will always be on the case . ( continued ) ) U ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/11/90 a44a . 114b continued : 114b doctor you help be greatly appreciate , Albert . not only by we but by all Americans . they shake hand . Albert then pick up the midget woman and kiss she on the cheek . voice from booth ( o.s. ) and cut . thank you , lady and gentleman . and thank you , Albert Fox , for be we guest . 114c angle - studio 114c as everyone applaud . Albert shake hand and move toward ... 114d angle - peter fallow 114d on the sideline , look through a folder of papers . fox ( approach ) cute , be not they ? peter uh ... yes . ( continued ) ) U ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/11/90 44a . 114d continued : 114d fox and they weigh a ton . you want a drink ? you look like you could use one . peter no. no. no. no. no. thanks . no. Fox 's Assistant approach . they all move toward the exit . * assistant * do you want to cancel City * College ? * fox * no. I get to do it . it 's * important . * ( to Peter ) * for one thing , it 's the only place * I can still get laid . this girl * all want to sleep with they father . * and if you be old and famous , and * you know how to use a condom they will * fuck you brain out . * ) U ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/11/90 45 . 114e ext . studio - night 114e Fox , Peter and the Assistant come outside and descend * the escalator .. * fox * you look at the Henry Lamb material ? peter well , yeah , but ... look , it 's a unfortunate situation . but I be not altogether sure there 's a story in it . fox a poor , innocent black kid , walk down the street , mind he own business . and boom ! hit and run . there 's a story in it for somebody , Peter . the black community be up in arm . and I be tell you , when reverend Bacon get a feather in he ass , the shit fly high . peter I see . yes , but what 's you interest exactly ? fox I be a lawyer , Peter . I want to see justice do . that 's all . and , of course , reverend Bacon be a friend of mine . this would be good for he . and know a little about * you situation , I think if you be the one to break the story ... peter my situation ? ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 46 . 114e continued : 114e fox you boss be at my house for dinner the other night . he say a few thing ... Fox and the assistant get into the limo . Peter follow . peter I see . 114f int . limousine - night 114f the Assistant fix Fox a drink from a portable bar . Fox throw it down and give the glass back to the Assistant . peter do you have a daughter ? fox yes . I do . a little girl . peter do she have a little toy wagon ? fox yes . I think she do . yes . why ? peter I will have a scotch and water . * fox good. good . get in . they get into the limo . 115 int . motor vehicle office - computer screen - night 115 the letter re be be punch up and then a series of license plate number beginning with that letter appear . assistant ( o.s. ) too many . young man ( o.s. ) I could lose my job for this . what be you go to do with this information ? 116 angle - fox's assistant and young man 116 assistant you will read all about it in the newspaper . come on . let 's do r.e. , r.p. and r.b. and see what we get . 47 . 117 ext . long island suburb - ed rifkin - day 117 be in he driveway sip a beer and painting a " for sale " sign . a ' 81 corvette be park in the driveway . rifkin Henry Lamb ? who 's that ? 118 angle to include peter fallow and rifkin 118 peter he be a student of yours at ruppert High . in you English class . rifkin he be ? what 's he do ? peter he be seriously injure . I be a journalist . I write for a newspaper . rifkin oh . I do not remember he . peter what I would like to find out be what kind of student he be . rifkin well , if I do not remember he , I guess he be okay . peter would you say he be a ' good ' student ? rifkin ' good ' do not really apply to ruppert High . they be either cooperative or life-threatening . there 's no in - between . peter his mother say he be consider go to college . rifkin well , she mean City College . they have a open admission policy . so , if you live in the city and you graduate from high school and you be still breathe , they have to take you . ( continued ) 48 . 118 continued : 118 peter well , be there anything at all you can tell I about he performance or aptitude -- anything at all ? rifkin look , mr...? peter fallow . rifkin I get sixty - five student in every class ... peter do you have any of he write work ? rifkin oh , Jesus , there have not be any write work at ruppert High since ... oh , fifteen year . maybe twenty . peter well , there must be some record of how he measure up to the other ... rifkin no. see , you be think about grade and honor student and high achiever . we do not make that kind of comparison . we be just try to keep they off the street . at ruppert High , a honor student be somebody who come to class and do not piss on the teacher . peter ( pause ; then ) well , by that standard , be Henry Lamb a honors student ? rifkin well , he never piss on I . so by that standard , yes . I guess he must be . 119 int . sherman' office - close on newspaper headline - 119 day honor student in coma cop sit on hit and run 49 . * 119a angle - felix 119a be shine sherman 's shoe and read the newspaper . sherman ( o.s. ) I think you be exaggerate the situation , Bernard ... 120 angle - sherman 120 who be cool and confident . sherman ( on phone ) ... the franc be no problem . we can hedge that to next January or to term or both . and then he see ... 121 he Pov - the newspaper headline 121 upside - down , read , " honor Student in coma . " 122 angle - scene 122 as sherman try to read the article upside - down and talk to Bernard . sherman ( on phone ) no . I do not think that 's necessary ... and then shock as sherman recognize ... 123 angle - newspaper photo 123 of Henry Lamb dress in a cap and gown . 124 omitted 124 through through 126 126 127 angle - sherman 127 be lose control . sherman ( on phone ) look , Bernard ... uh , we have have a few minor -- hell , they be not even problem . so let 's not get ourselves whipped up into a-a - a coma . Jesus Christ ! no , not you , Bernard . Felix , let I see that paper . ( continued ) 50 . 127 continued : 127 Felix hand he the paper . sherman try to read the * article and talk to Bernard at the same time . * sherman ( on phone ) ' wait ' ? what do you mean , ' wait ' ?! what the hell be you talk about ? now you listen to I , Bernard . we can not wait ! we have get to move now ! you be raise phantom issue here . it do not matter what happen to gold and francs on a day - to - day basis ! we have get to pull ourselves together and just fuck do it !! look , Bernard . I be sorry . no . wait a minute . wait , Bernard . Bernard ! do not leave I ! do not leave I ! peter ( v.o . ) but it be too late . it be go . six hundred million dollar . on Wall Street , a frantic salesman be a dead salesman . and sherman know it . he put down the phone and stare at the newspaper . he sit there in he two thousand dollar saville row suit and he New and lingwood cap -to shoe and he sweat . around he , voice come out of the chaotic room . voice # 1 ( o.s. ) fed buy all coupon ! market subject ! voice # 2 ( o.s. ) Holy fuck shit . I want out ! I want out !! 128 omitted 128 * &amp ; &amp ; 129 129 * 130 ext . STREET - sherman - day 130 be stand outside Maria 's apartment building . a cab pull up . Maria get out . she be carry a large * portfolio- type case , suitable for transport a * painting . sherman intercept she . * maria sherman , darling . I be just think about you . where have you be ? ( continued ) 51 . 130 continued : 130 sherman ( show she the newspaper ) have you see this ? have you see this perversion of the truth ? maria do not I get a kiss first ? sherman have you read it ? maria oh , sherman , you know I only read the newspaper spasmodically . sherman sporatically , Maria . sporatically . maria yes . I , too . now come on in and have a drink . I know just what you need . sherman absolutely wrong ! all of it . and who be this Peter fallow ? he have everything wrong . they do not even mention the other boy . and what about the ramp and the tire ?! they be talk about a little saint here who be on he way to get milk and cookie for he widow mother . as they go into the building ... CUT to : 131 int . maria' apartment - workman - day 131 have just finish install a new intercom system near the open door of the apartment . sherman and Maria appear in the doorway . maria Excuse I , but what be go on here ? workman we be put in a new intercom system . all the apartment . the super let I in . be you ... ( more ) ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 52 . 131 continued : 131 workman ( cont 'd ) ( check a piece of paper ) miss caroline heftshank ? I need you to sign a receipt . maria well , uh ... I do not live here . I be just a guest of miss heftshank . so ... workman okay . no problem . I be all do . he pack up and leave . Maria close the door after he . she laugh . maria Christ . that be close . sherman what 's go on ? maria nothing . caroline pay $ 351 for this place . it 's rent control . I sublet it for eleven hundred a month . but it 's not legal . they would love to get caroline out of here . but they have to prove she do not live here . sherman you do not think it 's weird this fellow show up today . after that unconscionable piece in the paper . maria oh , sherman . you be completely paranoidical . look , I have to leave for the airport in twenty minute . so we do not have much time . * sherman you do not think they could possibly trace the car to I ? ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 53. 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 maria how ? they do not have the full number , they do not have a witness , and the only one who could recognize you be in terminal comatosis . sherman right . there be the other boy , however . suppose he come forward . maria if he be gonna materialize , he would have do it by now . and the reason he have not , be because he 's a criminal . would you get my blue jacket out of that closet ? sherman get the jacket . Maria start put a painting * into she portfolio . * sherman what a wretch painting . maria filippo chirazzi . he 's a friend of caroline . do you know he ? sherman I hope not . God , Maria , it look like you . maria no. no. how could it be ? come on , give I a hand . I be take it with I . sherman where be you go ? maria the airport . I tell you . I have a car come in -- oh , God , ten minute . we have time for a quickie . what do you say ? sherman I be upset , Maria . I just lose 600 million dollar . and possibly my job . I do not feel terrifically sexy at the moment . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 54 . 131 continued : ( 3 ) 131 maria you know I be a sucker for a soft dick . sherman Maria , you be incorrigible . maria be I ? she kiss he . sherman I suppose we could still go to the police . we could get a very talented lawyer ... maria and put we head right into the horse 's mouth ? I be the one who be drive the car . do not you think I be the one who should make the decision ? and I say , no . no , sherman . trust I . nothing be go to come of this little newspaper article . absolutely nothing . * they be make love as we ... CUT to : 132 ext . bronx STREET - large white van - day 132 pull up in front of the Edgar Allen poe housing project . Signs on the van read , " Channel 1 News - the live 1 . " the street be empty . 133 omitted 133 through through 135 135 * 136 angle - peter fallow 136 get out of a taxi . he approach Buck . peter Peter fallow , from City Light . buck ( heckler ) oh yeah . right . peter where be all the people ? ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 55 . 136 continued : 136 buck they will be here . soon as they see the tower . reva ! give this man the release . 137 angle - to include reva 137 a dement - look white woman who be pass out xerox literature under the head ... " the people demand action in the Henry Lamb case " reva ohhh . there 's Robert corsaro ! * 138 angle - ROBERT corsaro 138 * come from the tv van . peter Peter fallow , City Light . corsaro * oh , you be the reason we be up in this godforsake place . you and you little newspaper article . peter sorry about that . 139 omitted 139 &amp ; &amp ; 140 140 140a angle - housing project 140a reverend Bacon come out of the building with Annie and the gospel singer who take they place in the rubble . Bacon go to fallow and corsaro . bacon Mr. fallow . we hero . I feel as if we already know each other . and Mr. corsaro . you have a * exclusive here . you understand I ? I could have have every newspaper and t.v. station spread this news thinly , too thinly across the airway . but I have choose only you two . and I expect big coverage , in - depth coverage . ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 56 . 140a continued : 140a corsaro * ( go back to the van ) well , then let 's get to work . peter look , reverend , be not you afraid we may be try to make a mountain out of a mole hill here ? I mean , honestly ... bacon honesty have nothing to do with this , Mr. fallow . this be show business . and I have never know the two to go hand in hand . peter well , I be a journalist ... bacon you be a drunk , Mr. fallow . that 's what I have be tell . and you be almost out of a job . be not you ? or be I misinform ? peter I think maybe you have get the wrong man , here . bacon oh , I do not think so . I do not think so at all . get with the program , Mr. fallow , you may have be a knight in shine armour back in Kansas . but this be New York City . and I be tell you , when you come to work in a whore house , there 's only one thing you want to be -- and that 's the best whore in the house . corsaro return . * corsaro * we be about ready here . Bacon leave peter. 141 angle - remote tower 141 a silvery shaft with bright orange cable wrap around it rise two and a half storey above the street now . people start come out of the building to see what 's go on . ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 57 . 142 omitted 142 through through 146 146 147 angle - reverend bacon 147 speak to the crowd . bacon Brothers and sister . I stand before you with a heart that be break . and I stand before you with a heart that be angry . heart break because we brother , we neighbor , we son , Henry Lamb have be stick down in the prime of he young life . and now he lie in a hospital , break like my heart . but my heart be also angry . angry because the driver of that car do nothing for he ! and neither do the police . and neither do this man -- Mr. abraham Weiss . Bacon hold up a Weiss campaign poster -- a photo of Weiss read -- " weiss for mayor justice for all " * bacon this man have turn he back on Henry Lamb . and I , for one , be not go to stand for it . no sir ! during the above , a group of kid be push and shove and laugh behind Bacon , try to get on camera . also during Bacon 's speech ... 148 omitted 148 148a angle - buck 148a pass out placard to Rev. Bacon 's audience . " Weiss justice be white justice . " " Lamb slaughter by indifference . " " hit and ' run and ' lie to the people . " 148b angle - corsaro 148b * approach fallow while Bacon be speak . corsaro * he 's something , be not he ? ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 58. 148b continued : 148b peter yes . he certainly be . corsaro * but , listen , he 's on the level with this one , be not he ? I mean this be a legitimate story . Peter hesitates . then ... peter oh. yes. sure . yes. corsaro * I mean this Henry Lamb be ... be ... be a nice kid . no record , neighbor seem to like he , a honor student . peter no question about it . corsaro * because , well , I do not give a shit , but he 's gonna be a saint by the time we get through with he . so it would be good if it be true . you know ? 148c angle - annie lamb 148c be be lead by Rev. Bacon to the forefront . the crowd go quiet . the choir sing . Bacon put Annie in front of the crowd as if he be introduce a queen or a saint . ) V ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/12/90 59 . * 149 angle - annie 149 dress in black , look small and frail . slowly , she raise she right arm , as if to wave . and then she hand change to a clench fist and she scream ... annie justice ! justice ! justice ! the crowd go berserk , scream with she . a man in the crowd hurl a jar of mayonnaise at the poster of abe Weiss . as it splatter ... CUT to : 150 int . district attorney' office - day 150 Kramer , Weiss , Ray andriutti and several aide be watch - ing the tv coverage of the demonstration . weiss look at this shit ! look at it ! they be throw shit right in my face ! Weiss flip a channel . corsaro report . behind he , a graphic portray the Weiss poster with graffiti scribble on it : " weiss justice be white justice " corsaro ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) and while authority be drag they foot , the protester be send a message to bronx district attorney and mayoral candidate abe Weiss -- ' if you do not launch a investigation , we will do it ourselves ! ' weiss that 's my name . that 's my own fuck name . kramer this be a fuck -up . weiss who the hell be you ? kramer Kramer , sir . I be ... on tv we see corsaro interview Albert Fox , who 's at he limo , with he aide . ( continued ) ) V ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/12/90 60 . * 150 continued : 150 corsaro ( v.o. ) so , Albert , why be you here ? fox ( v.o. ) I be here to join with the black community in express not only its grief but also its outrage . and , of course , whatever I can do to help Mrs. Lamb , I will do . weiss ( react ) now they have get Albert Fox with they . Weiss switch channel to a anchorwoman . behind she , a graphic portray a mercede and licence plate number with five question mark . anchorwoman ( v.o. ) ( on t.v. ) ... while at the same time , source at motor vehicle say there be less than 200 mercede with plate beginning with the key letter ... re , rb or rp . there be no comment from the District Attorney 's office about reverend Bacon 's demand for justice . meanwhile , protestor be threaten if bronx district attorney and mayoral candidate abe Weiss do not launch a investigation -- quote ' we will do it ourselves ! ' weiss and how do they get this information out of motor vehicle ? whose side be they on ?! ray calm down , abe . we have this information a week ago . weiss then why be not we do anything ? why be not we trace the car ? what be I , the wizard of Oz , I do not know anything !? ray trace the car , what for ? we do not have a witness . we do not even know where it happen . we do not even know if it happen . ( continued ) ) V ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 6/12/90 60a . 150 continued : ( 2 ) 150 weiss trace the car , Ray . ray we do not have a case , even if we find the car . even if we find the owner and the owner say , oh , yeah , gee , yeah , I hit this kid , yeah , the other night , and yeah I do not stop and I do not report it . I do it . I do it . then we have a case . weiss just trace the fuck car . Ray leave . Weiss sit down look sadly at the television . weiss yesterday I be a respected jewish liberal . ten minute of news like this and all of a sudden I be a hymie racist pig . 151 omitted 151 &amp ; &amp ; 152 152 61 . 153 angle - tv 153 the crowd scream " justice ! justice ! justice ! " 154 angle - back to scene 154 weiss the italian will love this , the irish , too . and the wasp . they love this shit more than anybody . they love laugh at I . and they will not even know what they be laugh at . he go to the window . the sun be set over the New York skyline . weiss all the rich son of bitch . they still think they own this city . they sit in they co -op , Park Avenue , fifth , beekman place , snug like a bug , twelve - foot ceiling , one wing for they , one for the help . they think money be go to protect they ? stupid son of bitch . I would like to light a bonfire under all they lily - white ass . let they see what this feel like . let the whole third World see the smoke and come after they . let they feel what it 's like when every Puerto rican , West indian , Cuban , Korean , chinese , albanian , filippino , black man from every corner of every borough -- you do not think the future know how to cross a bridge ? you laugh . you laugh . ( turn and face he aide ) alright . now this be what we be go to do . we be go to turn this thing around . if it kill we . we be go to prove to this black motherfucker -- excuse my language , Howard ... 155 angle to include black aide 155 smile acknowledgement of the apology . weiss we be go to prove to this nigger that this administration love they . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . 155 continued : 155 weiss ( cont 'd ) no matter what it take . I be no racist hymie . by November , they're * go to be think of I as the first black District Attorney of bronx County . they be go to beg * I to be mayor . we be go to * walk away with that election . * that 's what we be go to do . if we have to screw every white asshole from albany to Park Avenue -- that 's what we be go to do . CUT to : 156 omitted 156 through through 174 174 174a ext . STREET sign - dusk 174a * reading : " park ave . " 174b ext . sherman' apartment build - sherman - dusk 174b * get out of a taxi and walk into ... 174c int . foyer - martin and goldberg - dusk 174c * be talk to the doorman as sherman approach . doorman ah. Mr. mccoy . sherman hello , tony . doorman Eddie , sir . sherman right . what 's ... doorman this gentleman ... martin sorry to bother you . I be detective Martin . this be detective Goldberg . we be investigate a automobile accident . maybe you hear about it ... ( continued ) 63. 174c continued : 174c Martin hold up a copy of the City Light article . sherman oh , yes , yeah . on television . last night . we say -- my wife say , ' good Lord , we have a mercede and the license start with a r.' martin you and a lotta people . sherman oh , really ? the elevator arrive . doorman be you go up , sir ? sherman ah. well . yes. sure . would you ...? do you ...? martin be this a bad time ? sherman no. no . not at all . come up . yes. 174d int . elevator - sherman , martin and goldberg - dusk 174d * martin we just need to ask a few question ... sherman sure . yes . go ahead . martin so. let 's see . can you tell we if you car be in use the night this happen ? sherman when exactly be it ? martin Tuesday a week ago . sherman I do not know . let I think . I would have to figure ... ( continued ) 64 . 174d continued : 174d martin anybody else use you car ? sherman my wife . sometimes . and the people at the garage . martin parking garage . sherman yes. martin you leave the car with the key and they park it . sherman well ... yes . martin could we go there and take a look at it ? the elevator stop . the door open . 174e int . foyer - sherman - dusk 174e * unlock the apartment door . sherman the car ? martin yes . sherman now ? martin soon as we leave here . we could take a look . there 's thing that 's consistent with a incident like this . we do not find that thing , we move on down the list . and we be out of you hair . 174f int . apartment - sherman - dusk 174f * lead Martin and Goldberg inside . sherman so you want to take a look at the car then . ( continued ) 65 . 174f continued : 174f martin yeah . sherman I see . martin we do not have a description of a driver . so we gotta look for the car . and that mean bother a lot of innocent people . we be sorry about the inconvenience . but it 's a routine sort of thing . sherman I understand . but if it be a routine , well , I should , I guess I ought to ... well , follow the routine that 's appropriate to I , to someone with a car in this situation . you see ? Martin and Goldberg look at each other . then they follow sherman into ... 174g int . library - sherman , martin , goldberg - dusk 174g * martin no . I do not follow . sherman well , I mean , if you have a routine in a investigation like this -- I do not know how this thing work , but there must also be a routine for a person like I , a owner of a car with a license number -- I think that 's what I need to consider . the routine . martin we just want to look at the car . sherman that 's what I mean . you see ? martin no. goldberg Excuse I , Mr. mccoy . but be there something you want to tell we ? ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 66 . * 174g continued : 174g sherman well , I ... how do you mean ? goldberg because , if there be , now be the time to tell we . before thing get complicated . sherman no. I just think ... I think that , just to be sure , certain , safe ... I think ... goldberg let I put it this way , if you want to cooperate , that 's great . if you have reason for not cooperate , then I should tell you that you do not have to say anything . that 's you right . if you want , you can say nothing at all . you also have the right to a attorney . I mean , for that matter , if you lack the ' fund ' for a attorney , the state would provide you with one -- free of charge . if that 's what you want . Goldberg sit down on the edge of sherman 's desk . sherman well , look . I guess what I should do be , I should ... I should talk this over with a attorney . 175 int . criminal justice build - hallway - kramer - 175 evening be move fast as he talk with Martin and Goldberg . goldberg ... but mainly , it 's the look on he face . ai not that the truth , marty ? martin yeah . all of sudden , the bitch start come out of he . goldberg so I read he he rights -- as casual as I can do it . ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 67 * 175 continued : 175 martin and then he sit down on the guy 's desk . kramer what would he do ? goldberg nothin ' at first . but he 's confuse . and he eye be get bigger and he 's double - talk like a son of a bitch . I be think there 's something there . CUT to : 176 omitted 176 176a int . criminal justice bldg . - staircase - evening 176a as they reach Weiss . kramer I think we get he . weiss get who ? what do you get ? goldberg well ... kramer mccoy . sherman mccoy . we get he . weiss you think it 's he ? martin well , we think so , yeah , but ... kramer it 's he . we get he . this guy be Park Avenue . his old man run dun , sponget and Leach . he 's get he name in the column . his wife be a fuck socialite . weiss do this put a end to this white justice shit ? Ray andruitti interrupt he . ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 68. 176a continued : 176a ray abe . we get zip on this guy . Fucking zip . kramer I think he 's the type we could smoke out . bring he in for question . go public . ray go public ?! you get nothing here . you only witness be in a hospital likely to die . do not listen to this shit , abe . you get to get to Manhattan . you get a speech * to make . kramer I will tell you what you get to do , sir . you have get to send a signal out to the poor people of this city . you get to let they know that justice be blind . you get to let they know that if you be white and rich , you get the same treatment you get when you be black and poor . you get to give people hope ! weiss you mean , we nail the wasp . kramer to the wall . weiss I like this man . I like he . look . what 's the kid 's condition ? any chance he will regain consciousness ? ray what if he do ? he can not talk . he 's breathe from a tube down he throat . weiss no . but maybe he can point . ray Point ? ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 69 . * 176a continued : ( 2 ) 176a weiss yeah . I get a idea . we take a picture of sherman mccoy over to the hospital , to this kid . and three or four other guy , white guy , and we put they by the bed , the picture . and the kid come to ... and he point to mccoy 's picture . and he keep point ... nobody believe what they be hearing -- except Kramer . kramer might work . that might work . it 's a long shot , but it might work . a aide rush up to Kramer and pull he aside . aide Mr. Kramer ? kramer yeah ? what do you want ? ray ( to Weiss ) you will kill he . he wake up out of a coma and see four white man in suit and tie stare at he from the end of the bed , he will shit and die . weiss it 's worth a try . ray I do not believe what I be hearing ! some poor gook with a tube down he throat point at a picture . that 's you case ?! it 's never gonna stand up . weiss ( scream ) I know that , Ray . I know that . I just want to bring the guy in ! just bring he in . that 's all . we get the press . we get the attention . then we can relax and do the right thing . ray look at I , abe . watch my mouth . read my lip . no . we can not do that . no way . ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 69a . * 176a continued : ( 3 ) 176a Weiss growl in frustration . Kramer leave the aide and go to Weiss . kramer I think we get a witness . weiss ( shouting over the noise ) what ?! what ?!! kramer I think we get a mother - fuck witness !!! 177 int . criminal court build - roland - day 177 be have he mug shot take . he be immediately recognizable as the other young man who be with Henry Lamb . bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 70 . 178 angle - kramer 178 talk to cecil hayden as they watch roland . ( hayden be black . ) hayden ... so I walk up to he and I say , hello , I be from legal Aid , I be you lawyer . and he say , ' fuck you , mother . I do not want no nigger lawyer . I want a Jew . ' kramer Nice guy . hayden this be he third drug arrest . he want a deal . kramer and he will say he be there , at the scene ? hayden he will say whatever you want he to say . 179 close on roland 179 CUT to : 180 int . tom killian be office - sherman - day 180 be stand in front of killian who be seat at he desk . killian I be tell you , they get nothing on you , Mr. mccoy . ( pick up a phone ) get I andruitti over in the bronx . tell he it 's urgent about this Henry Lamb shit . sherman but suppose the other fellow come * forward . I swear there be another one . he be big ... * killian I believe you . it be a set-up . they be go to take you off . sound to I like he 's get good reason not to come forward . you just sit tight . that 's what you do . ( continued ) 71 . 180 continued : 180 sherman look , you be recommend as the best criminal lawyer around . I be not disagreeing with you . but I do not come here to ... I mean , I want to pre-empt this whole situation . I do not want it to go any further . killian what do that mean ? sherman it mean I want to take the initiative . I want to go to the police with Maria -- Mrs. ruskin -- and just tell they exactly what happen . I mean , I do not know about the law , but I feel morally certain that we do what be right -- in the situation we be in . and I do not see ... killian ayyyy ! you Wall Street honchos be real gambler . ayyy ! whaddaya whaddaya ! they would devour you . they would eat you up . sherman but why ? killian forget it 's already a political football . forget the t.v. and reverend Bacon and Weiss have a election come up . forget that and remember that when you work in the d.a. 's office and every day you prosecute people with name like Tiffany latour and Sancho rodriguez and Chong Wong and shabazz Kazan tamali , you be die to get you hand on a nice white couple like you and Mrs. ruskin . biscuit city , ehhh ! you open you mouth and they will arrest you . and they will make a big show out of arrest you . and it will be very unpleasant . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 72 . 180 continued : ( 2 ) 180 sherman sit down . he be depressed . the phone ring . killian that be guarantee . believe I , you do not want to be arrest in the South bronx . ( pick up the phone ) yeah . oh . put he on . yeah ? I will hold . ( to sherman ) I need to talk to you friend , Mrs. ruskin , too . sherman I understand you go to Yale . killian yeah . you , too . huh ? sherman what do you think of it ? killian it be okay . as law school go . they give you the scholarly view . you know . it 's terrific for anything you want to do -- as long as it do not involve real people . ( into phone ) hey , andruitti , you guinea , how be you ? yeah . well , I be sit here with sherman mccoy . yeah . that 's right . well , I do not know if he need a lawyer . what do you think ? ( wink at sherman and smile ) uh-huh . yeah . yeah . yeah . ( smile fade ) so what do that mean ? okay . yeah . sure . yeah . yeah . yeah . he put down the phone and look at sherman . killian we get a problem . sherman what ? what be it ? killian they be go to arrest you . * bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 73 . * 181 ext . mccoy build - chauffeur - night 181 get out of a limo and speak to the doorman . the doorman pick up the house phone . 182 int . mccoy apartment - judy - night 182 be on the house phone . she be wear a formal dress with gigantic shoulder . judy tell he to wait . we will be right down . follow she to ... 183 int . bedroom - sherman - night 183 be sit half - dress in black tie . he be on the phone . Judy come into the room . sherman ( on phone ) I know it be six hundred million , rawlie . just stop say it . I will straighten it out with gene first thing in the morning . well , not first thing . I have a previous appointment . judy ( overlap ) sherman . please . what be the matter with you ? you be not even dress and the car be already here . sherman what ? what car ? ( on phone ) no , rawlie , I can not change it . judy Leon and inez bavardage . they be take we to the opera . eight o'clock . tonight . and the car be here . sherman rawlie , I will call you later . just stay calm . ( hang up ) but why do we need a car ? they only live six block from here . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 74 . 183 continued : 183 judy because after the opera we be go to the museum for the benefit . sherman we could walk . judy I can not walk down the street in this dress . a small wind would turn I into a kite . sherman then let 's take a taxi . * judy why be we have this conversation ? sherman because a car be go to take we six block and wait there for five and a half hour and then drive we another six block home and it be go to cost we three hundred and forty - six dollar ?! we be hemorrhage money , Judy . it be pour out of we with every beat of we heart . be not that worth talk about ?!? Judy sit down and think . judy you be right . it might be cheaper in the long run to hire a permanent chauffeur . sherman Judy , please ... judy we will talk about it later . sherman we have to talk now . judy we can not hire a chauffeur in the next fifteen minute . sherman we have not talk about anything for the last three week . judy well there 's no reason to start now . ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 75 . 183 continued : ( 2 ) 183 sherman yes , there be . something be happen here . you have to know about this . tomorrow morning ... judy sherman , this be a very important evening . it will determine whether or not I will be chairman of the museum benefit this year . I can not be upset now . we can talk about it later . sherman I be go to be arrest in the morning . judy really , sherman , you would do anything to ruin this for I . would not you ? now please . get dress . 184 int . opera house - onstage - night 184 the last scene of Don Giovanni be be play out . the commandatori have the Don in he grip , urging he to " repent . " the Don refuse . the music thunder threateningly . 185 omitted 185 * 186 angle - sherman 186 in a box with Judy and Leonard and inez bavardage . sherman be transfix by what he be see on the stage . he flip through he libretto . 187 he Pov - text 187 and the word " repent " in English and italian . 188 angle - stage 188 as the floor open up around Don Giovanni . flame and demon reach for he . 189 angle - sherman 189 break into a sweat . he reach for Judy . judy shhh ! 76 . 190 angle - stage 190 as Don Giovanni scream and fall into the jaw of hell . CUT to : 191 int . museum - diarama - night 191 depict a jungle scene -- a lion be eat a just - kill zebra . a pack of hyenas be hover . 192 angle - sherman 192 look at the scene . the museum party be in full gear . AUBREY buffing ( o.s. ) there he be , Don Juan , in the vise - * like grip of fate , face he * crime , face he entire life of * selfish consumption and profligate * waste of himself and other ... * sherman turn and bump into aubrey , spilling he drink . * 193 angle - sally rawthroate 193 grab he by the arm and pull he into she conversation * with aubrey . * sally you be Judy mccoy 's husband . sherman uh. yes. sally I be in real estate . and , darling , I have see you apartment . any time you even think about sell ... sherman well , it 's unlikely . sherman look across the room and see ... 194 he Pov - maria 194 be walk across the room with she husband , arthur ruskin . 195 angle - sherman 195 be shocked . ( continued ) 77 . 195 continued : 195 sally have you meet aubrey buff the poet ? he 's on the short list for the Nobel Prize . sherman ( shake hand with aubrey ) ah. hello . sally he have aids . sherman oh . sally we be talk about the opera ... AUBREY ( hold on to sherman 's hand ) ' the wrath of heaven must be at * hand , its justice will not tarry . I see the deadly thunderbolt poise above he head ! I see the fatal abyss open before he . ' during the above , sherman see ... 196 he Pov - judy 196 be be introduce to Maria on the other side of the room . 197 angle - sherman 197 extricate himself from aubrey . sherman Excuse I . 198 angle - arthur ruskin 198 speak to Judy . arthur ... my wife life on airplane . * she go back and forth to Italy * like a ping - pong ball . she take a * house on Lake como . she 's crazy * now all of a sudden for anything italian . bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 78 . * 199 angle - sherman 199 come up next to Judy . sherman uh ... Judy ... judy sherman ! have you meet Bobby shalfet , from the opera ? and nunnally voyd -- oh , and Arthur ruskin and he wife Maria . sherman well , hi . bobby and what do you do , Mr. mccoy ? sherman bond . bobby bond . sherman bond . bobby well , the only bond I know about be bail bond . the group laugh and turn away from sherman . bobby I be arrest last year in montreal for pissing on a tree ... as Judy try to rejoin the group ... judy sherman , could not you try just once , to be a little bit interesting . sherman pull she away . sherman I want you to meet aubrey buff . judy who ? sherman the poet . he 's on the short list for the Nobel Prize . he have aids . you will love he . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 78a . 199 continued : 199 judy sherman , we be alone in the middle of the room . a marry couple , talk to each other . you simply do not do this . now go and mingle . please . she leave he . 200 angle - AUBREY buffing 200 walk and speak to a woman . as they pass a enormous table of food ... AUBREY and even when repentence be offer , he refuse . he refuse to deny he life . the food , the drink , the flesh -- fatal as they may be -- he can not resist they ... aubrey continue talk as he pass ... ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 79 . 201 angle - maria 201 talk in french to boris karlevskov , a ballet dancer . sherman approach . maria sherman ! we have to stop meeting like this . do you know boris , the ballet dancer ? sherman uh , no . maria boris , je the presente monsieur mccoy . sherman , voila boris karlevskov . he 's defective . sherman you mean he defect . * maria I mean he do not speak any English . sherman be you sure ? maria yes. watch . boris , darling , would you like I to eat you ass ? boris encore du champagne , s'il vous plait . maria you see ? it go right over he head . sherman Maria , I need to talk to you . something very ... unexpected be happen . maria of course , darling , but keep smile . my husband be watch I . look at he . he 's so pleased with himself . he 's just close a new deal . a charter business . he 's go to take Arabs to Mecca on airplane . sherman try to smile throughout the follow . boris smile and nod -- although he do not understand a word they be say . ( continued ) 80 . 201 continued : 201 sherman ( with a social grin ) I be go to be arrest in the morning . maria of course , the airplane be all from Israel ... sherman by the police , I imagine . maria he will make a fortune . sherman I do not think it will be too bad . my lawyer -- if you can call he that -- have receive assurance that it will all be handle in a orderly fashion . maria he call I a whore today . right in front of the servant . I mean , really . how do he expect I to run the house if he humiliate I in front of the help ? sherman yes . well . you have a point . maria I be sorry , sherman . what be we talk about ? sherman the other guy have come forward . he say I be drive the car . I be go to be arrest tomorrow morning . I need to know from you ... I mean , what do you want I to say ? maria oh , sherman , what ...?! but mrs . bavardage swirl up to they and whisk the now terrify Maria away . mrs . bavardage Maria , darling , I need you advice about something . my designer have go bonker about jabot and chintz . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . 201 continued : ( 2 ) 201 mrs . bavardage ( cont 'd ) jabot and chintz , jabot and chintz everywhere , everywhere ! as she leave with Maria , she grab aubrey buff and steer he toward sherman . mrs . bavardage sherman , have you meet aubrey buff ? he have aids . sherman uh ... AUBREY ( shake sherman 's hand again ) like so many of we now , with death and retribution wait for we . yet we go on whirling about each other ... sherman be look past aubrey . he see ... 202 he Pov - maria 202 go to Arthur , whisper something in he ear . they leave quickly . for a brief moment , she look back at ... 203 angle - sherman 203 walk with aubrey , try to see where Maria go . AUBREY we be unable to stop , until death itself take we into he arm and burn we with the fever of live , drag we like Don Juan into the bonfire of hell . the word of the ghost ringing in we ear ... ' repent ! repent ! ' CUT to : 204 omitted 204 * through through 206 206 * 207 ext . apartment build - sherman - dawn 207 come out of the building and stand wait as the rain pour down on this bleak day . a police car pull up . sherman get inside . 208 omitted 208 &amp ; &amp ; 209 209 82. 210 int . police car - killian , martin , goldberg - dawn 210 martin ' Morning , Mr. mccoy . as sherman climb into the back seat ... martin be careful of you clothes . my kid get all this styrofoam shit back there . they stick to you clothes . killian how do you feel ? sherman top notch . look . you say this be just a formality . killian no problem . they promise I . sherman I tell Maria . I see she last night . in case we need she . killian that explain it . she leave the country this morning . you know some italian painter name filippo sharutti , something like that ? sherman I do not know . why ? killian I think you girl friend find a new boyfriend . sherman but ... killian it 's not go to be so bad . this be routine . I talk to andruitti again last night . he promise I . we will be in and out of there . no problem . nobody be ever go to know it happen . martin we get to cuff he . killian what for ? ( continued ) ) R ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/8/90 83. 210 continued : 210 martin the zone captain be gonna be there . and the press . killian wait a minute . what the fuck ?! what press ?! I talk to Ray last night . he promise no bullshit . martin this be Weiss . Weiss give the order this morning . killian somebody be go to pay for this . CUT to : 211 ext . criminal court build - side entrance - morning 211 a line of man near a little metal door and a crowd of 50 people stand in the rain . very still . jed Kramer * be there , too . 212 angle - peter fallow 212 off by himself , close to the curb where ... 213 police car 213 pull up contain sherman . Peter peer into the car . peter Excuse I , mister mccoy ? killian do not talk . what 's go on here ?! 214 angle - crowd 214 near the door to the building come alive . slowly , at first . they turn they head toward the car and then they start move , walk , run , racing toward the car . 215 angle - scene 215 as this mob of reporter and cameramen attack the car in the pour rain . peter you do not know I but I be ... but Peter be bury in the onslaught before he can say another word . 84 . * 216 int . car - morning 216 goldberg Jesus Christ ! get out and get that door open or we will never get he out of the fuck car . martin bullshit reign . put the cuff on he . Martin go . killian climb over sherman . Goldberg put cuff on sherman . sherman I be go to jail . be not I ? killian let I get out first . now listen . you do not say anything . do not cover you face . do not hang you head . you do not even know they be there . okay ? sherman I be go to jail . 217 ext . car - martin and killian 217 help sherman out of the car and all hell break loose . someone stick a camera into sherman 's face . someone sherman ! hey , shitface . over here ! Goldberg , Martin and killian try to push through the mob . Goldberg swing at a camera and knock it down . voice hey , sherman , how you go to plead ? Peter fallow fall to the ground . sherman and Goldberg step on he as they push ahead . voice you ever be arrest before ? who 's the brunette ? what be you do in the bronx ? why do not you stop , sherman ? sherman ! this way ! this way ! how 's you wife take this , sherman ? a microphone be shove into sherman 's face . ( continued ) ) X ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/12/90 85 . 217 continued : 217 voice how much do you make last year ? hey , fuckhead ! how do you like this cocktail party ? why would you hit he ? give we a statement . come on , sherman , give we a break . give we a little something , you fuck racist . Kramer be enjoy all this . 218 angle - sherman 218 assault by camera , microphone and people as he be push through the metal door . killian be be leave outside . killian ( scream over the noise of the mob ) do not make any statement ! do not talk to anybody , especially in the pen ! I will be upstairs when they bring you up for arraignment ... kramer you may have a long wait , Mr. killian . if I have anything to say about it . killian yeah ? fuck you , too , Kramer . 219 angle - peter fallow 219 pull himself up off the ground . he be more daze than hurt . 220 omitted 220 221 quick cut 221 a ) sherman 's cuff be remove . B ) the content of sherman 's pocket be laid on the table . C ) sherman remove he belt . his pants drop to he hip . D ) sherman remove he shoelace and drop they on a table . * ) X ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/12/90 85a . * a222 angle - sherman' feet a222 come out of he shoe as he try to walk . b222 angle - sherman b222 walk through a metal detection gate . the alarm sound . goldberg whoa . whoa . give I you coat . okay . try it again . sherman walk back through the gate . the alarm sound again . goldberg what the fuck ? wait a minute . come here . Bend over . sherman look terrify . goldberg I be not go to touch you . just bend over at the waist and back through the gate . Real slow . sherman bend over at a ninety - degree angle and , hold up he trousers , shuffles backwards through the gate . goldberg slow . slow . slow . a little farther , little farther . Little farther . Little farther ... as sherman 's head go through the gate , the alarm sound . Goldberg jump up and down and clap he hand with delight . goldberg hey , Martin . come here . look at this . Martin approach . goldberg okay , sherman . do that again . Real slow . ( continued ) ) X ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/12/90 85b . * b222 continued : b222 sherman repeat the humiliate action . when finally he head reach the gate , the alarm sound again . goldberg it 's he head ! swear to Christ . it 's he head . open you mouth . sherman open he mouth . Goldberg grab he jaw and angle it toward the light . goldberg look in there . you want to see some metal ? martin Jesus Christ . set of tooth look like a change - maker . goldberg they ever let you on a airplane ? laughter . CUT to : c222 angle - sherman c222 be photograph . d222 angle - sherman' hand d222 be fingerprinted . ) X ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/12/90 86 . * 222 angle - sherman 222 be lead quickly toward the cell . his shoe flop , he pants sag , he trip and almost fall . a cell door open . sherman be push inside . he turn to look back . the door bang shut . CUT to : 223 int . courtroom - clerk - day ( later ) 223 be call out ... clerk sherman mccoy. 224 angle - officer 224 open a side door . we wait . nothing . then the sound of feet shuffling . finally , sherman appear . he look like a man who have be drag through hell -- he body , he clothing , the look in he eye . he stagger toward the bench . 225 angle - rev . bacon and annie lamb 225 seat in the front row of the spectator . 226 angle - sherman - day 226 be face judge White . killian be next to he . Kramer be represent the District Attorney 's office . judge white Mr. mccoy , you know the charge that be be bring against you . sherman hmn ? what ? judge white we want to know how you plead to the charge . sherman I be sorry . judge white you be what ? ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 87 . 226 continued : 226 sherman I be very sorry . please forgive I . killian just say , not guilty . sherman for my life . for everything . I be truly sorry . killian you honor , the defendant be under extreme stress . he plead not guilty . sherman I repent all the sin of my past life . I repent ... killian just shut up , sherman . defendant plead not guilty ! sudden commotion in the courtroom . sherman turn to look at ... 227 another angle 227 Press and spectator be already buzzing out of control . judge white * bail have be set at $ 10,000 ... kramer you honor ... spectator no bail ! no bail ! lock he up ! bang it shut ! kramer we do not believe it will serve the interest of justice to allow this defendant to go free on a token bail ... killian you honor , Mr. Kramer know very well ... kramer give the emotion of the community ... ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 88. 227 continued : 227 killian this be patent nonsense . bail have already be agree to . the spectator be boo and yell at killian to shut up . judge white * ( bang the gavel ) quiet ! where the hell do you think you be ?! kramer I have a petition from the community with a appeal to the District Attorney that justice be do . and Mr. Weiss himself have instruct I to request bail in the amount of $ 250,000 . Cash . spectator ( cheer and applaud ) yeah ! yeah ! tell he ! tell he ! tell he ! judge white * if you office have information bear upon the bail status of this case , I instruct you to make a formal application . until then , I be release Mr. mccoy under a bond in the amount of $ 10,000 . now get this side show out of my court . kramer you honor , you action will do irreparable damage not only to the people 's case ... judge white * Mr. Kramer , I have speak . kramer ... but to the cause of the people as well . judge white * Mr. Kramer ... kramer it ill - behoove the criminal justice system ... ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 89 . 227 continued : ( 2 ) 227 judge white * kindly behoove I no ill-behoove !!! kramer you honor ... judge white * Mr. Kramer , the court direct you to shut up !!! the crowd go crazy , scream and boo and chant ... crowd no bail ! put he in jail ! killian grab sherman and pull he toward the exit . the court officer form a wedge to help they through the scream mob ... crowd murderer ! motherfucker ! -- say you prayer , Park Avenue -- tear you a new one -- you mine , needlenose ! -- Count every breath , baby ! 228 close on sherman 228 who be humiliate . 228a ext . courthouse - peter fallow - late afternoon 228a * be sit on the step of the courthouse . he be still cover with mud from have be trample earlier . he take a long swig from a bottle wrap in a paper bag . he be drunk . peter ( v.o . ) it be too much for I . all of it . sherman mccoy have be sweep away from I . before I could even speak to he . and as the day progress , I begin to appreciate the power , the magnitude of the force that have be unleash by my little story . 228b angle - moving crowd 228b of reporter , television people , photographer , etc . they run up the step past Peter as they head toward the entrance to the courthouse . as they pass ... voice it 's over ! he 's come out ! let 's go ! let 's go ! 90 . 228c angle - peter 228c dodge the onslaught , pull himself up , and start move in the opposite direction . peter ( v.o. ) jackel . dog . yapping at the heel of they prey . and I be one of they . well , let they have it . enough be enough . I be finish . I summon what little dignity I have leave and decide to go home ... sherman ( o.s. ) Excuse I , do you know where I can find a taxi ? 228d angle to include sherman mccoy 228d who have just come out the side entrance of the building . Peter be flabbergasted . peter Jesus Christ . sherman sherman mccoy . peter yes . I know . I know that . what be you ...? sherman I need a taxi . peter you need to get out of here . 228e angle - crowd of reporter 228e change direction and start move away from the front entrance and toward the side entrance . as they go ... voice the other way ! other way ! he 's come out the back ! move ! move ! move ! 228f angle - fallow and sherman 228f see the mob move toward they . fallow grab sherman and pull he toward a subway . peter this way . come on . ( continued ) 91 . 228f continued : 228f sherman uh. I do not normally ride the subway . peter I either . especially on a first date . but we do not really have a choice . they enter the subway . 228g int . subway car - sherman and peter - day 228g sherman be daze , still in shock . he look very fragile . peter be you alright ? sherman oh , fine . yes , thanks . peter look , I owe you a apology ... sherman no , you be very helpful . peter you do not know who I be . sherman that 's alright . thanks . I should go . peter go where ? sherman well ... peter look . sit down . just sit down a minute . I will get you home . * they do . Peter offer sherman he bottle . peter would you like a drink ? I happen to have a little something ... sherman look with some caution at the bottle in the paper bag . ( continued ) 92 . 228g continued : 228g sherman uh. no . thanks . peter go on . fuck it . what be they go to do ? arrest you ? sherman smile and take a drink . he look around the car . it 's a rough crowd . sherman do this train go anywhere near Park Avenue ? peter not in a million year . sherman my father take the subway every * day of he life . * peter yeah . but he do not live in the * South bronx . do he ? * sherman no . they both laugh . sherman I look terrible . peter you look like shit . and you smell , too . sherman I think , when I be in the jail , I piss in my pants . they laugh again . sherman get catch somewhere between laugh and cry . he start to lose control . peter take it easy . sherman I be alright . peter yeah . sherman I can not think . ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 93. 228g continued : ( 2 ) 228g peter it 's okay . have another drink . sherman take a long drink . 228h int . tunnel - train - late afternoon 228h * clatter through the darkness . 228-i int . subway car - peter and sherman - late afternoon 228-i * as the car slow down . sherman be slightly drunk . sherman ... and then this newspaper thing start , this Peter fallow person , and all the fact be wrong , total disregard for the truth . why do they do this ? peter this be you . you will be right on lexington Avenue . sherman they call I by my first name . like they know I . like they own I . newspaper , lawyer , police , people I do not even know . how do I get to be so important ? peter you be not important . you be just dinner . you know what I mean ? and a week from now , a month -- nobody be even go to remember what they eat . the car stop . sherman step onto the platform . Peter remain in the car . sherman look back at he . sherman I should have call the police right away , when it happen . but I could not you see ? it be not really my decision . peter how do you mean ? sherman I mean , I be not drive the car . peter what ?! ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 94 . 228-i continued : 228-i the door to the train start to close . Peter try to stop they . peter wait a minute ! wait a minute ! 228j angle - close on peter 228j as the door close and the train pull away . 229 ext . park avenue - demonstrator - night 229 be march up and down in front of sherman 's apartment building . among they be five very tall black man play - ing with a basketball . 230 angle - sherman 230 stop near the building . the basketball fly toward he . he catch it . before anyone see he , he enter through the service entrance . 231 omitted 231 232 int . elevator - sherman - night 232 look like he feel -- unclean , unshaven , slightly drunk , he clothes soile , tear and dishevel . he seem to stoop slightly under the weight of he humiliation . 233 angle - elevator door 233 open and suddenly we be in the midst of ... 234 angle - party 234 in high gear . most of the guest be recognizable from the previous party at the museum . sherman be shocked . but before he can get he bearing ... bobby shalfet * sherman ! you sly fox . great to see you . everybody ! it 's * sherman ! bravo ! bravo ! * * they all turn and applaud . as sherman move through * they ... * * nunnally voyd * sherman , my boy . whatever you do , do not let the newspaper get you down . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 95 . * 234 continued : 234 man fruit fly . that 's all they be . they swarm . they hover over the face . you take a swipe at they , they run away . nunnally voyd yes . but they always come back to the shit . do not they ? woman and I always think of you as such a dull person . man with ponytail sherman , have anybody talk to you about television ? sherman uh ... no . what ? * man with ponytail we would have to play down the racial thing and try to make you a little more sympathetic . you know , sympathetic . * sherman Excuse I ... 235 angle - rawlie thorpe 235 approach sherman . rawlie sherman . gee. hi . sherman rawlie . rawlie sorry . I do not mean to interrupt anything . sherman no. no . rawlie gene ask I to come by ... sherman yeah . I have not really be able to talk to anybody . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 96 . 235 continued : 235 rawlie he just want you to know , anything we can do ... sherman oh , well . I should be down there in a day or so ... rawlie oh , that will not be necessary . that 's what I come to ... I be send to tell you . I mean , you do not have to ... I mean , you should not come down . I mean , they do not want you to come down . sherman oh. I see . well . rawlie Jesus , sherman . I be sorry . but between all this and the way you handle Bernard on the giscard deal . * I mean , six hundred million ... * sherman that 's final , huh ? rawlie well , the firm feel ... sherman yes . yes . of course . Excuse I . follow he into ... 236 int . kitchen - sherman 236 find Judy and bonita put dinner together . sherman Judy . what be go on ? judy this be a dinner party . it be plan week ago . if you ever bother to look at you calendar ... sherman but Judy , I mean , under the circumstance ... ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 97/98. 236 continued : 236 judy yes . I know the whole story . I hear it -- see it all on television . on television ?! sherman I be sorry . I be . believe I . judy you betrayed we , sherman . me. Campbell . even yourself . on the * other hand , I be go to chair * the museum benefit thanks to you * and you escapade on the public * airway . what can I say ? life * go on . I can only make the best * of a absolutely appall situation and carry on . sherman but can you forgive I ? judy I suppose I can forgive anything , but not television . I be leave * you , sherman . after the party . * now if you will excuse I , we have * guest . she leave . 237 angle - to include sally rawthrote 237 as she sail into the kitchen , she see Judy leave . sally oh , my darling , be this a bad time ? sherman I beg you pardon ... sally what be I say ? of course it 's a bad time . but I just want to see if I can be of any help . ( continued ) 99 . 237 continued : 237 sherman well , that 's very kind of you . sally you know I have not be in this apartment since the mccleod have it . that be before the kittridge . I hope I be not be out of place . sherman not at all ... uh ... sally Sally . sherman anyway , thank you . sally no , really , anything I can do . with the apartment , be what I mean . sherman the apartment ? sally I find people often need to be as liquid as they can in this situation and I know I can get you seven- and - a- half right at this moment . fable aristocratic tycoon -- it 's the celebrity appeal . maybe eight . if we act quickly this kind of opportunity do not come along every day . you have to ride the wave . sherman Excuse I . I have to ... uh ... Excuse I . 238 int . live room - sherman 238 come out of the kitchen . as he try to make he way through the live room , try to avoid the guest ... 239 angle - pollard browning 239 intercept sherman . sherman keep walk . pollard follow . ( continued ) 100 . 239 continued : 239 sherman pollard . how be you ? pollard sorry to interrupt you dinner . sherman not at all . the more the merrier . pollard I have be in touch with the co - op board , well , most of they , and we want you to know you have we support . sherman you know , at first I want to die . stand there in court , people call my name ... pollard yes . of course . hard to believe . sherman and then I think , I have a gun . twelve gauge . double barrel ... follow they into ... 240 int . study - sherman 240 go to the closet and pull out the shotgun . sherman here it be . pollard sherman , we have know each other a long time . we go to Buckley together . my father know you father . I speak as a friend . but also as president of the board . be that a gun ? sherman I wonder if I can get both barrel into my mouth . that 's what I be think . and how do you pull the trigger . I read somewhere about a man who take off he shoe and pull the trigger with he toe . pollard yes . this can not be a comfortable situation for you . ( continued ) 101 . 240 continued : 240 sherman and where would I do it ? who would find I ? pollard exactly . yes . have you consider ... change residence until thing quiet down ? sherman you want I to leave ? pollard well ... sherman this be my home ... pollard I understand that ... sherman this be the only safe place I have . people be threaten my life . I have to protect myself . he load the gun and fill he pocket with shell . pollard there be people demonstrate in front of we building . Black people with basketball ! you be put everyone at risk . it 's not you fault . but that do not alter the fact . follow sherman and pollard out of the study to ... 241 int . live room - sherman and pollard 241 sherman Alter the fact ?! the fact be that I have no place else to go ! and you want I to move out ?! be that what you be say , pollard . you want I to move out of my home ?! the guest begin to listen to this exchange . pollard you be a shareholder in a cooperative . look , we be not ask you to do anything of a permanent nature ... ( continued ) 102 . 241 continued : 241 sherman why do not you move out , pollard ? if you be so fuck terrify ! pollard sherman , please ... sherman and you can start by move out of this apartment right now . out ! now ! sherman point the gun at pollard . pollard I come here in good faith . sherman oh , pollard , you be a ridiculous fat blowhard at Buckley and you be a ridiculous fat blowhard now . everyone watch as sherman hold pollard at gunpoint and steer he out of the room . pollard I will have to enforce the provision concern unacceptable situation . sherman another word out of you , pollard , and there 's go to be a unacceptable situation right up * you ass ! now march ! * the guest applaud . sherman turn to face they . sherman and that go for the rest of you , too . out . all of you . the guest look confuse , they do not really believe he . sherman aim the gun at the ceiling . he fire . explosion . people scream . 242 angle - sherman 242 wave the smoking shotgun at they . sherman out ! stink lot of anorexic parasite . get out of my house ! ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 103. 242 continued : 242 he fire another shot . the room clear . Judy come run from the kitchen . sherman out of my house , out of my life ! the dog come barking into the room . Campbell follow . , Judy grab she . judy * say goodbye to daddy . * campbell * ' bye , daddy . see you later . * judy * ( as they go ) * you can see he on television . * sherman reload and keep firing until everyone be go . lamp explode , furniture splinter , plaster fall . * sherman sherman mccoy be dead . sherman mccoy of Park Avenue and Wall Street and southampton -- go . Dead . I will never be sherman mccoy again . never ! 242a omitted 242a through through 247 247 248 int . leicester be - close on peter - night 248 who look very depressed . peter ( v.o. ) that same evening , just a few block away , I be be praise and congratulate . it should have be a very triumphant yours truly at Leicester 's . but it be not . pull back to include Peter surround by fawn pack of well - wisher , include Gerald Moore . peter ( v.o. ) ... my little encounter with sherman mccoy be spoil everything . the truth have a way of do that . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 104 . 248 continued : 248 woman beautiful stuff , Peter . first rate . man he look like a real killer , this * mccoy fellow . do not he ? * another woman you can see it in the photograph . you can see it in he chin . another man arrogant son a bitch , be not he ? I hope they throw the book at he . Evelyn Moore approach Gerald . evelyn daddy . dinner . moore yes , darling . shall we have Peter here come along with we ? evelyn Lovely . Gerald and Evelyn lead Peter toward the back dining room . moore I want to give this story we full attention , Peter . it make we look better and better , the more we do for this Lamb family . poor little lamb , poor little fuzzy - wuzzy wog . caroline heftshank intercept they . she be very drunk . caroline Excuse I , Peter . there 's a phone call for you upstairs in the office . Peter make excuse to Gerald and Evelyn and follow caroline away . 249 omitted 249 250 int . upstair office - peter and caroline - night 250 come into the office . peter where 's the phone ? ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 105 . 250 continued : 250 caroline I lie . I want to see you alone . I be go to do you a favor . * peter do not tell I I be finally go to get into you panty . caroline you do not deserve this , Peter . but I be go to tell you something . * * she reach under she skirt and pull off she panty . she drop they on the floor . peter listen , caroline . I be sort of with some people tonight . caroline relax , darling . do you remember my pretty little italian friend ? the painter . peter yes . yes , I do . franco or federico ... caroline filippo . the little shit . caroline climb up on the desk , lift she skirt and sit down on the xerox machine . peter caroline , you be absolutely souse . caroline well , filippo have run off with a little slut you should know about . * she switch on the machine , which start photocopying she twat . peter caroline , be not that dangerous ? or at least unsanitary ? caroline shut up , Peter . you be not listen . her name be Maria ruskin . ( more ) ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 106 . * 250 continued : ( 2 ) 250 caroline ( cont 'd ) she be subletting my apartment . she be also subletting filippo . and , as it turn out , she be also in the car with sherman mccoy when the accident happen . peter you be joke . caroline I never joke . she be in the car . peter but how do you know all this ? caroline the apartment be bugge . they have a wire in the intercom . they be try to prove that I be not live there . which I be not . now I have lose the apartment and the boyfriend . peter you do not know where they be ? caroline no . but I be trust you to find they . and when you do . give they this . tell they this be the little lady who turn they in . she take one of the xerox copy and hand it to Peter . Peter leave . caroline look at the xerox copy . caroline maybe I should advertise ... 251 omitted 251 252 int . restaurant - maitre d' - day 252 point fallow toward Arthur ruskin 's table . maitre d' monsieur ruskin be already here . 253 angle - arthur ruskin 253 seat at a table as Peter approach . the maitre d' seat they side by side on a banquette . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 107 . * 253 continued : 253 peter Arthur . thanks for meeting I on such short notice . arthur Peter fallow ? peter yes . we have never meet but I be a good friend of ... you wife . arthur ( a lament ) my wife ! my wife ! I be glad she 's not here . otherwise I could not have a drink . ( to waiter ) give I a couvoisier V.S.O.P. no . put it in a sidecar . peter yes . uh ... where be Maria , by the way ? arthur Italy . every time I turn around , she 's in Italy . I be not suppose to drink . but I love a sidecar . it be willi nordhoff introduce I to they . so. you be on the City Light ? peter uh , yes . and we be do a little profile piece . we be call it the ' New tycoon . ' and , naturally , we think of you . arthur good . good . I like that . New tycoon . so what do you want to know ? peter oh , there 's no hurry . so Maria be in Italy . where about ? arthur she 's in Lake como someplace . peter well , there be some great hotel in Lake como . be she at the excelsior ? ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 107a . 253 continued : ( 1a ) 253 arthur what do I know ? I just pay the * bill . well , she 's young . she need young people . I be not stupid . I know what go on . we should order . I do not have too much time . peter I would like to talk to she , too . if I could . if I could get in * touch with she ... * ( continued ) 108 . 253 continued : ( 2 ) 253 arthur call the office . I will give you she number . she 's something . I always say it as a compliment , but she 's a lot of pussy to handle . Excuse my language . what do you want to eat ? 254 angle - waiter - later 254 be bring the main course to the table . Arthur be guzzle wine as he talk . Peter be bored silly . arthur ... but the best be just a few week ago , one of this jackass pilot , he land long and the plane go off the runway . I be there . I be on the plane . we be go into Mecca , see . and the plane be full of Arabs and all this animal -- sheep , goat , chicken . they will not travel without they animal . we have to put plastic in the cabin . you know , they urinate , they defecate ... peter yes . arthur anyway , the plane go off the runway and we hit the sand with a hell of a jolt and the right wing tip dig into the sand and the plane skid around in a circle ! 360 degree before we stop ! we be scared shitless . panic . and we look into the cabin and there 's everybody calm , quiet , they be pick up they luggage and they animal and they be look out the window at the little fire that start on the wing and they be wait for the door to open like nothing happen . and then it dawns on I . they think this be normal ! he start to laugh as he talk . arthur they think this be the way you stop a airplane . ( more ) ( continued ) 109 . 254 continued : 254 arthur ( cont 'd ) you stick one wing in the sand and you spin around until you stop . ( cough as he laugh harder and harder ) what do they know ? they never ride in a airplane . they think this be how you do it ! Peter try to laugh with Arthur . but Arthur 's cough turn into a spasm . he push he head back against the banquette . he seem to be hum . and then he head drop forward and he slump against Peter . peter Arthur ? Arthur ? he try to signal a waiter . peter Excuse I . hello ? Excuse I . waiter !!! the maitre d' approach the table . peter Mr. ruskin seem to have suffer some kind of -- well , I do not know . maitre D ' ( very disappointed ) oh , dear . oh , dear . oh , dear . peter I think you would better call someone . Arthur drop forward suddenly , he face hit he plate . a woman at the next table squeal . maitre D ' ( annoyed ) freddy ? attention , s'il vous plait ! two waiter help the maitre d' pull the table out . Arthur slip off he plate and fall onto the floor . some people notice . but , in general , the activity in the room continue . the maitre d' give order to the waiter . a man approach peter. ( continued ) 110 . 254 continued : ( 2 ) 254 man be he choke ? let I give he the heimlich maneuver . maitre d' Excuse I , monsieur Roberts . you be not a doctor . and there be legal complication . mr. robert yes , I see , but ... maitre d' for you own protection and mine and my restaurant , we leave monsieur ruskin in the hand of God and we go back to we escargot . peter well , somebody have to do something . Peter try to perform the heimlich maneuver on ruskin . maitre d' we have call the police . a ambulance be come . there be nothing more we can do . would you like some coffee or dessert ? mr. robert ( to Peter ) gee , buddy . I think he 's dead . Peter let go of ruskin . ruskin slide to the floor -- dead . maitre d' eh , voila . peter Jesus . maitre D ' ( drop a card in front of Peter ) l'addition , s'il vous plait . peter what ? maitre d' the bill , monsieur . thank you . and we do not accept credit card . bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 111. 255 ext . airport - 747 - dusk 255 * be landing . 256 int . airport - maria - dusk 256 * come out of custom . she be wear black and have a veil over she face . 257 angle - fallow 257 approach she . they walk as they talk ... peter Mrs. ruskin ? maria yes ? peter my name be Peter fallow . I just want to offer my sympathy . maria ( through tear ) how very kind . do you know Arthur ? peter ah , well , yes . I be actually quite close to he when he die . maria I have reprobate myself over and over again for be away ... peter you should not . 258 ext . terminal - maria and peter - dusk 258 * move toward Maria 's wait limousine . maria well , thank you for the kind word . I must go now . peter yes . just one other thing . I understand you be a friend of sherman mccoy . maria I be sorry ...? ( continued ) 112 . * 258 continued : 258 peter yes . I gather you be not only in the car with he when he have he unfortunate accident in the bronx . but I understand you be drive . Maria turn and look at he -- hard and cold . maria sherman would never tell you that . peter I be hope you might tell I exactly what happen that night . maria look , mr.... mr.... peter fallow . maria ... peckerhead . I be here for my husband 's funeral . understand ? now go away . disappear . disintegrate . she get into the car . fallow watch the car pull away . he smile . 259 omitted 259 259a ext . hospital - newsstand - day 259a the headline on the City light read : " financier widow be mccoy mystery woman " 259b int . hospital room - henry lamb - day 259b be lie in a coma -- a beatific smile on he face . 259c angle to include fox , bacon , annie lamb and peter fallow 259c around the bed . fox what kind of muckrack yellow journalist be you !? you print a story like this without so much as a by-your-leave to I or to reverend Bacon here ! who the hell do you think you be . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 113 . * 259c continued : 259c annie ( tearfully ) please , you have to keep you voice down . peter look , do not you understand ? it be very possible that sherman mccoy be not drive that car . and I can almost prove it . fox so what ?! so what ?! so what ?! this be we case . he gesture toward Henry Lamb . fox right here . you see ? it 's the hospital that 's the guilty party . peter the hospital ?! what be you talk about ? fox a young man come in here with a cerebral concussion and they treat he for a break wrist . that be we case ! that be the lawsuit that we be go to bring against this hospital . that be what we have be work toward all this time . and you be confusing the issue ! do you understand I ?! peter alright , alright . but Christ , Albert , this be a great story . this be my exclusive . and it 's also the truth ! bacon it 's a little late for you to start tell the truth , be not it , Pete ? peter I can not just drop this now . I can not just let it go . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 114 . * 259c continued : ( 2 ) 259c fox sure you can . there 's gonna be other storey , other exclusive . do not worry . we will take care of you . bacon that 's right . you be we boy , Peter . you take care of we and we will take care of you . I promise you , that 's go to be a very profitable relationship for all of we . suddenly , Annie start to weep . bacon Annie , I know that nothing can heal the wound that you have suffer . but ten million dollar in damage will certainly make you grief more comfortable . annie well , yes , I could use a few thing , reverend , thank you . I be worried about my clothes for instance . I feel that the presentation of my person should be carefully design . as a model to black mother everywhere , I think I should have the right wardrobe . so if you could have Mr. Fox 's limousine pick I up in the morning , I could do some shopping . fox why certainly . annie I will need some furniture , too . and a new refrigerator . and although I should probably continue to live in that shithole of a apartment at least until after the lawsuit be settle , I would like to start look now for a co - op in Manhattan -- for I and my son -- something with a view of the river and preferably in a neighborhood that be at least upwardly mobile . pause as they all look at she . ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 115. 260 close on peter 260 peter ( v.o. ) how could I turn my back on the plight of this grief stricken woman ? how could I turn my back on a ' profitable relationship ' ? I be touch to the depth of what be leave of my soul ... and my bank account . 260a omitted 260a through through 262a 262a * 262b int . weiss' office - close on newspaper - day 262b the headline read : " CITY light exclusive did negligent hospital slaughter lamb ? " * peter ( v.o. ) so I print they little story . well , why not ? why not be the best whore in the house ? and anyway , I be beginning to see even great possibility in my situation . * the shade be draw ; the room be dark . Weiss sit at he desk . andriutti and Kramer be with he . weiss ( quietly ) now they be go to sue the hospital . you see ? all they want be money . imagine use a terrible tragedy like this for you own selfish motive . kramer yes , sir . it be terrible . weiss shut up , you asshole . kramer yes , sir . ( continued ) ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 116. 262b continued : 262b weiss what 's happen to my case ? the people versus sherman mccoy ? where be my issue ? where be my cause ? where be my hope ? andriutti I think we better talk to this Mrs. ruskin . weiss you go to the press . you tell they we be go to question the woman , and if she be the woman who be in the car , she face possible charge , etcetera , etcetera . andriutti alright . weiss and you , Mr. Wise - guy-know - it - all - shitface , you be the one get we into this , you be go to get we out . you go to this broad , you tell she she 's in a whole lot of trouble , lay it on . but , but , but -- if she be willing to cooperate , if she will say what we want she to say , then we will grant she immunity . kramer yes , sir . weiss go on , go . what be you wait for ? kramer well today be she husband 's funeral . * weiss ( explode ) I do not care if today be she * mother 's bar mitzvah , you go talk * to she !!! * as Kramer exit ... CUT to : a262b ext . apartment house ( 59th ST . ) - fallow - day a262b approach the building . bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 117 . * b262b int . hallway - fallow b262b be knock on a door that have a sign read " Super - intendant . " the door open . we recognize the workman who be fix the intercom in Maria 's apartment . peter Mr. Leach ? leach yeah ? peter I understand you be do some creative wiring in this building . Peter and Leach continue talk . peter ( v.o . ) in less than three minute , I have what I be look for . it be more than a story . I have the making of a book here . a great book . a prize win effort . all I need be a big finish . Leach open the door wide and fallow step into the apart - ment . as the door close ... peter ( v.o. ) so I ship off a little present to sherman mccoy 's lawyer and I wait for the firework ... 262c 262 through through 262e 262e 262f int . mccoy apartment - close on cassette player 262f killian 's hand flip the switch , the tape plays . sherman ( v.o. ) where be you go ? maria ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) the airport . I tell you . I have a car come in -- oh , God , ten minute . we have time for a quickie . what do you say ? 262g angle to include sherman and killian 262g sherman that 's we ! that 's I ! that 's Maria ! how do you get this ? ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 118. 262g continued : 262g killian shhh ! listen . killian let the tape fast forward . then ... sherman ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) I suppose we could still go to the police . we could get a very talented lawyer ... maria ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) and put we head right into the horse 's mouth ? I be the one who be drive the car . do not you think I be the one who should make the decision ? and I say , no . no , sherman . trust I . killian switch off the machine . sherman you mean the apartment be wire * -- bugge -- all that time ? * killian yeah . I check it all out . * whoever send I this tape be * either a big fan of yours or a not * so big fan of Maria ruskin . * sherman then we have this as evidence . killian no . it 's a illegal tape . totally illegal . the guy who do this could go to jail for this . now if this be you tape , it would be legal . but it 's not . sherman what do you mean , 'my tape ' ? killian well , if you be wire and you record you own conversation that would be okay . but there be no way that this tape can be use as evidence in a court of law . sherman then what good be it ? ( continued ) ) R ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/8/90 119 . 262g continued : ( 2 ) 262g killian it give I a idea . sherman a idea about what ? killian a idea about what to wear when you go to this funeral . sherman what funeral ? 263 omitted 263 264 ext . funeral parlor ( madison avenue ) - day 264 a procession of limousine push through a crowd of press and bystander to deposit the mourner at the front door . among that arrive , we see jed Kramer . * 265 omitted 265 through through 269a 269a 269b int . funeral parlor - maria - day 269b dress in black enter and walk down the aisle . people stop she and offer condolence . 269c angle - kramer 269c come into the chapel . 269d angle - sherman 269d wear dark glass and a raincoat , hide near a door - way that lead into a adjacent " family room . " as Maria pass , he signal she . follow Maria into : 269e int . crypt - sherman 269e close the door as Maria enter . maria sherman ! whatever be you do here ? sherman I be sorry , Maria . I have to talk to you . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 120. 269e continued : ( A1 ) 269e maria you seem to be do all you talk to the newspaper this day . sherman believe I , I have nothing to do with that . we do not want you name in the papers any more than you do . maria I see . well , here we be , sherman . the couple that all New York be talk about . and we be not even a couple anymore . ( continued ) 121 . * 269e continued : 269e sherman I think you would run out on I . I do not even know where you go . and I be leave sort of hold the bag , try to protect you . maria oh , sherman . would I do that to you ? sherman , sherman , sherman . she embrace he , she hand move toward the hide recorder . sherman take both she hand and pull they to he chest . maria what be we go to do with you ? sherman you have to help I , Maria . maria but how can I help you ? sherman well , I know this may sound like a strange request , but you could start by tell the police what really happen . maria oh , sherman , you be the sweetest thing . but I be not sure anybody know what really happen . not anymore . and if anybody do know , it certainly be not I . sherman but you be drive the car that night . maria be I ? I do not remember . be not it funny how a little thing like that can slip you mind ? ( she kiss he ) God , there 's something about funeral that be so stimulate . my panty have be wet all morning . sherman Maria , please ... she kiss he again . ) o ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/26/90 122. 270 int . viewing room - director 270 be still at the microphone . director and now , in accordance with the wish of Mr. ruskin ... 271 angle - kramer 271 be move around , try to find Maria . director ( o.s. ) ... manny leerman will play a medley of Arthur 's favorite song . 272 angle - manny leerman 272 a lounge singer in a pale blue suit hop onto the stage , sit at the piano and launch into a totally inappropriate rendition of " September in the rain . " 273 angle - kramer 273 leave the view room . 274 int . hallway - kramer - day 274 look from room to room . 275 int . crypt - maria - day 275 * be try to embrace sherman . he remain " hunch " over , try to stay away from she and keep she hand off he back . maria sherman . what 's wrong with you ? sherman nothing . maria then why be you all hunch over ? her hand slide down he back . sherman Maria , we have to talk . maria sherman , what 's this on you back ? sherman my what ? ( continued ) 123 . 275 continued : 275 maria this lump , this piece of metal , this thing on you back ?! sherman I do not know -- my belt , belt buckle . maria you do not have a belt buckle in the back . there 's some sort of subterfuge afoot here . be not there ? sherman do not be silly . maria you be secreting something on you body ! sherman Maria ... maria I want to see what it be . she rip open he shirt . sherman Maria , be you crazy ! maria and a wire ! a wire ! she pull the wire . sherman yelp in pain . as he spin around , Maria grab the tapedeck and pull it off he back . more pain . sherman eeeooowww !!! maria you rotten , dishonest bastard ! sherman Maria , I do not want to do this , but you give I no choice . a knock at the door . they freeze . kramer ( o.s. ) Mrs. ruskin . ( continued ) ) R ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/8/90 124. 275 continued : ( 2 ) 275 maria go away whoever you be ! kramer ( o.s. ) this be jed Kramer . from the * district attorney 's office . maria my , my , my , Mr. mccoy . I would say you goose be just about home - fry . sherman ( whisper ) I have protect you , Maria . I have be a gentleman . I have do my best to keep you name out of this . but you have get to help I . you have get to do the right thing . maria never . never . never . I hope you die and hang in the electric chair ! sherman head out the back door . 276 int . hallway - kramer - day 276 kramer ... I be with the District Attorney 's office . I wonder if I might have a few word ... the door fly open ... maria he 's go ! kramer what ? maria he just run out that back door . 277 int . live room - kramer - day 277 run in , not sure what he 's do ... kramer who ?! maria sherman mccoy ! ( continued ) ) R ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/8/90 125. 277 continued : 277 kramer Jesus . maria I be sorry if I alarmed you . but he be act very strange . my name be Maria ruskin . kramer Kramer , jed Kramer , jed . I be * the Assistant District Attorney for bronx County . maria oh. I see . and what a handsome District Attorney you be , too . Kramer be smitten . kramer I be not the ... uh ... I be the Assistant d.a. maria well , you and I have a lot to talk about . do not we ? kramer yes , we do . maria yes . because if I be go to testify I be go to want to know exactly what I should ... and should not say . kramer yes , mar 'am . dissolve to : 278 int . sherman' apartment - sherman - night 278 be sit alone in the empty apartment . almost every - thing be go -- furniture , rug , painting . sherman have a tape recorder in front of he . in he hand he hold two tape . there be a knock at the door . 279 angle - front door 279 as sherman open it . sherman 's father be stand there . ( continued ) ) y ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/19/90 126. 279 continued : 279 mr. mccoy ah . they be not sure downstairs whether or not you be here . sherman I usually come in the back way now . mr. mccoy I see . May I ...? sherman yes. sure . sorry . come in . follow they into ... 280 int . live room - day 280 mr. mccoy ( look around ) it 's all go . everything . sherman yes. Judy ... uh ... mr. mccoy she 's go , too ? sherman yes. mr. mccoy she move quickly . sherman she have a good lawyer . * mr. mccoy I be not sure I ever really like she . you wife . sherman no . of course not . Jesus . mr. mccoy or this apartment for that matter . for what it cost , for what you pay for it . or the furniture ... ( continued ) ) y ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/19/90 127. 280 continued : 280 sherman or my car , or my work , or my clothes , my life , my money ... for Christ 's sake , you do not come here now , you do not come all the way here on a fuck subway probably to tell I now ... mr. mccoy no. I do not . sherman I mean , I be not go to get , at this late date , I be not go to get the ethic and morality speech , not now , when I have to * do what I be go to do in that * courtroom tomorrow , if that 's what * you have come to give I , Jesus ... * mr. mccoy no. no. I be sorry . I come here to ... I do not know how to do this . you do not call . we want to help . I come here to tell you that we be here for you . that you be we son and that we love you . ' we . ' I do not mean we . I mean I . that I love you . that 's all . Mr. mccoy offer he hand in a handshake . mr. mccoy please . sherman take he hand . Mr. mccoy put he arm around he and hug he awkwardly but effectively . they separate . mr. mccoy well . what you want to do ? * sherman there 's only one thing I can do . * I want to see the truth come out * and burn every one of they . and * there 's only one way to do that . * ( continued ) ) y ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 7/19/90 128 . * 280 continued : ( 2 ) 280 mr. mccoy what be it ? sherman lie . mr. mccoy well , you know I have always be a great believer in the truth . I have live my life as honestly as I know how . I believe in the truth as a essential companion to a man of conscience , a beacon in the vast and dark wasteland of we modern world . and yet ... sherman yes ? mr. mccoy and yet , if the truth will not set you free , yes . why not ? lie. dissolve to : 281 int . courtroom - judge white - day 281 be bang he gavel , try to silence the overflow courtroom . 282 angle - statue of blind justice 282 some demonstrator be climb on the statue to get a better view . 283 angle - maria 283 on the stand as Kramer question she . kramer ... and this incident occur on the ramp to the expressway or on the avenue itself . ( continued ) bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/18/90 129 . 283 continued : 283 maria why , on the avenue . right on the street . kramer and be there any obstruction or barricade of any kind that cause the car to stop ? maria oh , no . nothing like that at all . kramer finally , one last question . can you tell we , Mrs. ruskin , who be drive the car when Henry Lamb be hit ? maria why , sherman never let anyone drive he car . kramer sherman mccoy be drive the car . maria oh , yes . a roar go up from the crowd . 284 various angle - everyone 284 sherman and killian at the defense table . in the audience , Bacon , Fox , Gerald Moore , Weiss and finally Peter fallow take note . peter ( v.o. ) and there it be . the end of sherman mccoy . and it be not the * end I be hope for . he be * finish . she might as well have put a gun to he head and pull the trigger . there be no hope now . the darkness close in around he . and then I notice the most peculiar thing . sherman be smile . 285 angle to include sherman 285 smile . ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 130 . 285 continued : 285 maria ... and I want to report the incident but he would not let I . he say he be drive and it be he decision to make . kramer you be surprised ? maria I be shocked . there be certain quality of virtue that I admire in a human be , virtue that I hope I possess myself ... suddenly , Maria 's recorded voice blast into the courtroom . maria ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) we have time for a quickie . what do you say , sherman ? sherman ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) I do not feel terrifically sexy at the moment . White bang he gavel . everyone be look around for * the source of the sound . judge white * what in hell ...?! maria ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) you know I be a sucker for a soft dick . sherman ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) Maria , you be incorrigible . maria ( v.o. ) be I ? the court go crazy . White regains order . sudden * silence in time for everyone to hear ... sherman ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) I supppose , we could still go to the police . we could get a very talented lawyer ... ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 131. 285 continued : ( 2 ) 285 maria ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) and put we head right into the tiger 's mouth ? I be the one who be drive the car . do not you think I be the one who should make that decision . absolute pandemonium . fallow start to laugh . Kramer pull sherman 's briefcase off a chair revealing a hide tape recorder . he bang and kick the recorder , try to make it stop . Maria faint on the stand . killian be amaze and amused . he look at sherman . sherman smile . killian take the tape from the recorder . 286 angle - killian , kramer and sherman 286 approach the bench . the courtroom grow more quiet . judge white * whose tape be this , Mr. mccoy ? sherman that tape be mine , sir . killian be shocked . they continue speak in whisper . kramer if you honor please ... judge white * shut up , Mr. Kramer . Mr. mccoy , I remind you that you be still under oath . now , do you record this conversation ? sherman oh , yes , sir , I do . I record this conversation on this tape . my tape . this be my tape of my conversation . I record it . yes , sir . yes , sir , three bag full . judge white * get out of my face . all of you . sherman , killian and Kramer return to they seat . the court start scream again . judge white * I want some fuck order in here ! ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 132. 286 continued : 286 he bang the gavel until the noise subside . judge white * ( scream ) so you insist on testing the will of this court !!!! now you shut up and sit down !! all of you ! very well . in the case of the people versus sherman mccoy , the Grand jury have return a indictment . base on the evidence contain in this recording ... ( hold up the tape ) ... and pursuant to my authority to supervise the Grand jury 's proceedings ... demonstrator ( scream ) whitewash !! whitewash !! ( continued ) ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 133. 286 continued : ( 2 ) 286 judge white * ... I be order the indictment dismiss in the interest of justice , without prejudice and with leave to re-present by the District Attorney . the courtroom explode . scream fill the air -- " racist ! peckerwood ! pussyface ! motherfucker ! " etc . the sound be deafen . sherman and killian shake hand . the demonstrator be chant , " justice ! justice ! justice ! " 287 angle - door of courtroom 287 burst open . Reporters and photographer rush into the room . 288 angle - white 288 * rise on the bench like a eagle . he pound the gavel repeatedly . demonstrator justice . we want justice !!! we want justice !!! judge white * justice ! you want justice ?! I will give you justice ! finally , the courtroom go quiet . White look around . * everyone be quiet . and then a single voice ring out ... voice you racist pig ! judge white * you dare call I a racist ! well , I say to you , you -- a mob who dare to come into this wall -- I say to you , what do it matter ... the color of a man 's skin ? if witness perjure themselves ... and a prosecutor , a swear officer of the court , enlist the perjurer ... and a district attorney throw a man to the mob and lawyer carve up that man for he money ... and man of the cloth , man of God take the prime cut ! now you tell I -- be that justice ?! silence . ( continued ) ) S ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/18/90 134. 288 continued : 288 judge I do not hear you ! more silence . he come down off the bench , face the mob . judge I will tell you what justice be not . justice be not the will of the few and it 's not the will of the many . justice be not politics . justice be the law . and the law be man 's feeble attempt to set down the principle of decency . decency ! and decency be not a deal . or a angle , or a contract , or a hustle or a campaign or a trick or a bid for sympathy . decency be not the beast that bay for money , power , dominion , position , vote and blood ! decency be what you mother teach you ! decency be in you bone ! do I make myself clear ! now go home . go home now . be decent people . be decent . a moment of quiet as White come down and face sherman . judge you be free to go , Mr. mccoy . 289 angle - courtroom 289 as another blood - curdle roar go up from the craze mob . they close in on the judge and sherman . 290 angle - reverend bacon 290 with a bullhorn , egging on the crowd . bacon you bald - head uncle Tom pussy !! * ( to the crowd ) * be you go to take this Park * Avenue justice !? be you ? * 291 omitted 291 * 292 angle - crowd 292 close in on sherman and the judge . the judge grab * sherman and pull he through the door . * ) S ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/18/90 135 . * 292a int . corridor - sherman and judge 292a come out of the courtroom , pursue by the spectator . they be press against a huge statue of " blind justice " at the end of the corridor . 292b several angle - mob of people 292b rush at sherman and the judge from different side . 292c angle - statue 292c teeter . 292d angle - kramer 292d in the mob , press toward sherman and the judge . kramer we be not finish with you , mccoy . you will be back in this courtroom . this decision will be appeal until I see you behind bar ! you hear I , judge . judge get you fuck face out of my way . kramer this fuck face be go to see you shine shoe in Grand Central Station . more push until ... 293 omitted 293 &amp ; &amp ; 294 294 295 angle - statue 295 fall . people scream and scatter . the statue shatter as it hit the floor . the bronze sword slide across the floor and come to rest at sherman 's foot . 296 angle - scene 296 the judge be hit on the head by some debris . he stumble , blind by the plaster dust . sherman grab the sword . kramer ( taunting the judge ) this fuck face be go to see you sell pencil , you black son of a bitch . ( continued ) ) S ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/18/90 135a . * 296 continued : 296 sherman whacks Kramer with the sword . Kramer fall away . sherman help the judge down the corridor . 296a angle - bacon and fox 296a come out of the courtroom , intercept sherman . bacon sherman mccoy ! you shall not escape . you shall live in fear on this island , in the mighty sea of people , for the people -- and justice -- be wait for you ! sherman whacks Bacon . the choir woman start to wail . Fox approach sherman offer he card . fox you have be woefully misrepresent here , Mr. mccoy . I think you should give I a call ... sherman whacks Fox with the sword and continue down the corridor with the judge . 296b angle - weiss 296b give a interview for a tv news team . weiss ... and I promise you and the people of this city that Henry Lamb will not be forget . Henry Lamb will live , like the alamo , as a symbol of slaughter innocence . Weiss see sherman and attack he . weiss and this man 's name will live in infamy . like Adolf Hitler ! like Son of Sam ! like idi Amin ! John wilk Booth ! Ted Bundy ! jesse helm ! sherman smack Weiss with the sword and move toward the stair with the judge . 297 omitted 297 297a angle - fallow 297a approach sherman . ( continued ) ) S ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/18/90 136 . * 297a continued : 297a fallow sherman ! sherman ! congratulation . this be go to make one hell of a story !! sherman you again ! who be you ?! peter oh , sorry . I be Peter fallow . I be Peter fallow . ha. ha. ha . sherman look at he for a moment . then he let out a scream war cry and smack fallow with the sword . 297b angle - fallow 297b fall to the ground . he look up . he smile . peter thanks . I need that . 298 angle - sherman and judge 298 move down the stair and out the iron gate of the court - house . 298a ext . courthouse - sherman - day 298a pull the gate shut and slide the sword through the door handle , lock the crowd inside the courthouse . they pound on the gate as the courtroom guard try to hold they back . sherman be you alright ? judge I be alright . damn hooligan . he walk up to the iron gate . the face of the demon - strator be press against it . the judge shake a tired fist at they . then he turn to sherman . judge and you . you , too . you go home now . and be decent . you hear I ? sherman I hear you , you honor . the judge shake he fist at sherman , too . then he open the fist and offer he hand to sherman . sherman take it . they shake . ) S ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 5/18/90 137 . * 299 angle - peter fallow 299 through the iron gate . peter ( v.o . ) it be the last I see of sherman mccoy ... 300 angle - scene 300 sherman turn and walk away down the corridor of justice . the judge watch he go . sherman disappear into a great whiteness as we hear : peter ( v.o. ) and so we come to the end of we story . sherman , you see , who start with so much , lose everything . but he gain he soul . whereas I , you see , who start with so little , gain everything ... dissolve to : 301 omitted 301 through through 303 303 303a int . winter garden - fallow - night 303a come out of the wall of flashbulb we see at the beginning . a vast crowd of black tie and evening gowns surge toward he , cheer , applaud . a voice ring out on a microphone ... voice ( v.o. ) ... the winner of the pulitzer Prize , the National Book Award and just about every other prize you can win , lady and gentleman , Mr. Peter fallow !! ) J ( bonfire of the vanity - Rev. 4/25/90 138. 304 angle - peter 304 as he rise unsteadily to he foot the room go wild with applause . Peter wave and make he way toward the podium . peter ( v.o . ) but what do it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose ... ah , well . there be compensation . Peter reach the podium and face a stand ovation . cameras begin to flash . end credit begin . 305 series of still shot 305 beginning with Peter at the podium and continuing to include shot of everyone congratulate Peter -- Albert * Fox , reverend Bacon , abe Weiss , Gerald Moore , fillippo chiarazzi , Kramer , etc . finally the flash camera fade and we ... dissolve to : 306 int . hospital room - henry lamb - night 306 lie in he bed . perfectly still . and then he nose twitches . his hand come up and scratch he nose . his eye open . he sit up , look around , figure where he be . he get out of bed , disconnect the i.v. 307 ext . hospital - henry lamb 307 come out of hospital , he smile and walk away down the street . fade out . the end