the Hand that rock the cradle the Hand that rock the cradle ( 1917 ) [ this be a pre-release cut continuity for " the Hand that rock the cradle " -- no copy of the film be know to exist . work title : " be a woman a person ? " ] abbreviation : disc = discover f.g. = foreground b.g. = background pam = perambulate shot ( pan shot ) note : character be sometimes identify by the name of the actor play the role . length of reel 1087 ft picture no . 2420-c continuity and subtitles MAIN title ....... the universal film manufacactur CO . present lois weber and phillip smalley in there own production " be a woman a person ? " note the case recorded in the scene that follow be authentic . I have purposely avoided showing either the frightful condition of the slum or that of the height of affluence in a effort to represent my audience -- " the general public . " author . cast dr . broome .............. phillip smalley he wife ................ lois weber mrs . graham ............. priscilla dean mr. graham .............. wedgewood nowell sarah ................... evelyn selbie her husband ............. harry do more photographed by --allan siegler ( six reel ) subtitle 1 : dr . frank broome , a influential physician and surgeon , receive a letter from the chief of police . 1 : closeup at OPEN door amber nurse disc -- Doctor come on -- speak off -- speak to the nurse -- she answer he - - he take off he glass -- exit -- she close the door -- 2 : close view int office amber crittenden disc -- doctor come on -- he hand doctor a letter -- nurse pass in b.g. -- exit -- crittenden look after she -- doctor open the letter and read -- 3 : closeup at typewritten letter amber my dear broome : a unfortunate thing have occurred that be too confidential to explain over the telephone . the bearer be a man we can trust and he will explain the situation to you . you can rest assured that I will do what I can for you . faithfully , ( sign ) ellis berger 4 : close view int office amber crittenden and the doctor disc -- doctor question he -- crittenden answer -- look around -- go to the door in b.g. -- doctor look at the letter again -- they sit down -- 5 : closeup at desk amber the two man disc -- crittenden start to talk -- say -- title scene 6 : " for some time , we have be watching a lonely house on the outskirt of town . " ( dissolves into scene - 6 ) view of house amber camera pam --disclose man stand behind a bush -- 7 : closeup at BUSH amber man disc watch -- he turn around -- 8 : ext house amber man stand behind the bush in f.g. -- go cautiously toward the house -- 9 : close view ext house amber the man disc come toward f.g. -- peep around the corner -- go to the side -- look off -- 10 : int library amber lois disc -- drink cup of tea - - she set it down -- start to tear off bunch of stamp -- 11 : close view ext house amber man disc watch -- 12 : int room amber man and girl disc -- man work on multigraph -- the girl stamp letter -- 13 : close view ext house amber man disc listen -- 14 : close view int office amber lois at table in f.g. -- woman at desk in b.g. lois pick up papers -- turn --speak to other woman -- hand she papers -- 15 : close view corner of room amber man and woman disc -- woman pick up pile of book -- exit with they -- man sit down at desk -- start to stamp the letter -- 16 : close view int office amber lois and the other woman disc-- camera pam to the desk -- disclose another girl -- lois go to she -- speak -- camera pam disclose the other girl -- lois look off -- 17 : at doorway to room amber lois inside the room -- woman come down stair in f.g. -- enter the room --speak to lois - - go to b.g . 18 : close view ext house amber man disc -- listen -- 19 : closeup at back fence amber man disc crouching down -- watch -- beside motor cycle -- look thro ' open in the fence -- 20 : doorway to room amber lois and the other girl inside -- the girl come to f.g. -- exit -- follow by lois -- 21 : corner of hall amber girl disc -- lois come on -- girl open the door -- lois go outside -- exit -- the girl start to lock the door -- 22 : ext house amber man in f.g. -- lois come out on porch in b.g. down the step -- look about cautiously -- 23 : closeup at back fence amber crittenden disc crouching down --signal to man in b.g. 24 : ext house amber lois come down step -- man watch in f.g. -- he run to back of the house -- hide -- 25 : closeup at back fence amber crittenden disc-- watch -- beside she motor cycle -- he rise and exit -- 26 : inside the back fence amber Gate be open and crittenden look thro ' -- close the gate , crouch down -- 27 : shoot thro ' suburban STREET amber lois come on in f.g. -- go toward b.g . 28 : at side of road amber lois come on as crittenden come out of gate -- startles she - - she drop she letter and package -- she draw back -- he start to pick they up -- 29 : closeup on the ground amber crittenden disc--stoop -- pick up the papers -- 30 : large closeup on ground amber crittenden pick up something -- put it into he cap -- 31 : closeup of lois amber against the fence -- she clutches at she coat -- frighten -- 32 : closeup on ground by gate amber crittenden pick up the letter -- 33 : close view side of road amber the two disc -- crittenden rise -- gather the letter together -- give they to lois -- she take they -- exit in f.g . -- 34 : at OPEN gate amber crittenden disc -- he stoops -- pick up cap -- close the gate as he enter the yard -- 35 : closeup at the fence amber motor cycle disc -- crittenden come on -- lay down he cap -- look at the letter -- examine they - - open one of the envelope -- take out the pamphlet -- look at it -- look off -- look around -- look thro ' the bar in the fence -- wave the pamphlet -- man run from b.g. toward the fence -- 36 : closeup at fence amber crittenden outside -- the man come on in f.g. -- speak to he -- 37 : letter BOX on corner of STREET amber lois come on -- put the mail into the box -- 38 : at the fence amber the two man disc -- one inside - - other outside -- talk man exit -- crittenden start to get on he motor cycle -- 39 : letter BOX on STREET corner amber lois disc -- she exit in f.g . 40 : at gate in fence amber crittenden disc-- he exit on motor cycle -- dissolves into closeup at desk in office -- crittenden and the doctor talk -- doctor toss aside the letter -- watch crittenden - - title scene 41 : " there officer held a meeting today and we rounded they in . " dissolves into -- view at fence outside house amber limousine in the yard -- car come on in f.g. stop -- man alight -- go toward b.g. -- head by crittenden -- 42 : close view in office amber lois and man and woman disc talk -- she address they -- different one answer she -- 43 : close view corner of house amber officer come from b.g. to f.g. -- crittenden in the head -- they stop -- exit in f.g . -- 44 : close view ext house at porch amber Men come on -- go up porch -- cross it -- 45 : close view int office amber lois and the other disc -- she hear something -- 46 : closeup at door amber crittenden and another man disc -- crittenden knock -- 47 : closeup view int office amber the bunch disc -- lois speak -- take key from one of the girl -- she come to f.g. -- open the door -- 48 : int hall amber lois come out -- close the door behind she - - she look at the key -- go to outside door -- start to unlock it -- 49 : closeup ext door amber the two man disc -- door be open by lois -- crittenden push against the door -- 50 : int hall amber lois disc -- the door be force open -- crittenden enter -- he show she something -- she go to the other door -- open it -- the other man come in -- people disclose in room beyond -- the man scatter -- some exit -- crittenden talk to lois -- 51 : close view int office amber lois and the other disc -- crittenden hand she paper -- she look at it -- he put it back in pocket -- Ruth question lois -- one of the man come to she -- talk -- push she aside -- she talk to crittenden -- 52 : int another room amber plain clothes man come in -- pick up the pamphlet -- look at they -- one man show it to another -- 53 : close view int office amber crittenden -- lois and the other disc -- crittenden talk to the old man-- one of the woman talk -- lois pick up something from the table -- crittenden exit -- the woman start to follow -- 54 : int other room amber Three of the plain clothes man disc -- search thing -- two exit -- one sit down -- 55 : int hall amber lois -- crittenden and the other disc -- crittenden open the door -- woman exit -- other put on they wrap -- crittenden exit -- dissolves into closeup at desk in office crittenden talk to the doctor -- doctor question he -- crittenden answer -- say title scene 56 : " the chief did not want the public stirred up about it and take charge personally . " dissolves into view in chief' office amber man disc at desk -- Chief enter -- follow by crittenden and two men-- other come on -- they lay literature on the table -- lois and the other woman come in -- one of the woman talk to crittenden -- lois try to quiet she -- 57 : close view int door in room amber crittenden -- lois and the other woman disc -- the door be open -- 58 : close view in chief' office amber Chief and another man disc -- door in b.g. be open -- disclose lois -- crittenden and the other -- crittenden come to the Chief -- talk -- Chief look around -- lois and woman come in -- shake hand with the chief -- she motion toward lois -- Chief look -- lois come to the doorway -- shake hand with the Chief -- 59 : closeup in doorway amber lois and the chief disc - - he say -- subtitle 2 : " I am afraid this be go to be a great blow to the doctor . " 60 : closeup in doorway amber lois and the chief disc - - he talk -- she answer - - he exit in f.g . -- 61 : close view at OPEN door amber lois , woman and chief disc- - he close the door -- lois exit -- 62 : corner of office amber crittenden disc -- the other come in -- sit down -- man disc at desk in b.g. -- write on typewriter -- Chief speak to the lady -- 63 : close view in other office amber man and woman disc -- another one enter -- woman pick up something from table -- talk to the man-- man exit -- girl lay thing on table -- sit down -- 64 : corner of chief' office amber Chief , crittenden and the other disc -- crittenden exit -- sten rise and exit -- dissolves into closeup in office crittenden and the doctor talk -- doctor rise -- crittenden rise -- the doctor question he -- crittenden look at he as he answer -- subtitle 3 : " yes -- the leader be you wife , doctor . " 65 : closeup in office amber the two disc -- crittenden speak -- doctor look off -- look at crittenden speak -- crittenden take paper from inside he coat -- hand they to the doctor -- 66 : closeup at pamphlet held in man' hand amber on birth control and the advancement of the human race 67 : close int office amber the two man disc-- doctor sit down at he desk -- speak to crittenden - - pick up phone -- talk -- 68 : int chief' office amber Chief , sten and two lady disc -- Chief sit down and answer the phone -- 69 : closeup of doctor amber talk on phone -- 70 : int chief' office amber Chief at phone -- lois rise -- speak to the Chief -- 71 : closeup of doctor amber talk on phone -- 72 : closeup of chief amber talk on the phone -- 73 : closeup of doctor amber talk on phone -- subtitle 4 : " I think this will be a lesson . can you dismiss they with a reprimand if I guarantee to stop my wife's activity ? " 74 : closeup of doctor amber talk on phone -- 75 : int chief' office amber Chief and other disc - - he hang up receiver -- the other woman rise -- Chief rise - - he talk to the two lady -- lois talk to he -- 76 : close view in doctor' office amber Doctor and crittenden disc -- Doctor set the phone aside -- 77 : int chief' office amber Chief and two lady disc -- they go toward the door -- disclose the steno -- pam to the door -- Chief open the door -- they enter the room beyond -- 78 : close view outer room amber bunch disc -- Chief talk to lois -- she and the other woman exit in f.g. -- the other follow -- 79 : close view in doctor' office amber Doctor and crittenden disc -- doctor rise -- open the door -- nurse enter -- Jack disc in b.g. -- doctor pick up coat -- crittenden exit - doctor follow -- the nurse close the door -- 80 : ext house amber crittenden come out -- follow by the doctor -- doctor put on coat as they come down the step -- the two man talk -- come to f.g.-- camera pam disclose machine on the drive -- they stop in f.g. -- doctor get into the car -- crittenden push he motor cycle aside exit -- all exit-- Iris close -- ( end of reel one ) length of reel 1089 ft ( reel two ) 1 : Iris open up to view of house amber limousine drive on in f.g. -- stop disclose lois and lady inside -- man open door of car -- the two lady talk -- lois alight -- door be close -- limousine exit -- lois go up step of house -- look off -- stop on terrace -- 2 : shoot from step toward STREET amber lois in f.g. -- auto drive on in b.g. and exit - lois exit -- camera pam disclose porch -- lois look down porch -- doctor alight from car in b.g. -- car exit -- lois wait as doctor come to she -- take off he hat -- 3 : close view porch amber Doctor & lois disc - - he talk to she -- she fumble with she glove -- talk -- say -- subtitle 1 : " I am sorry , dear , but we each have our own conviction and must live up to they . " 4 : close view porch amber lois disc talk to doctor - - he talk -- angry -- she stop he - 5 : on porch amber lois & doctor disc -- the two child run on -- they kiss the doctor & lois -- doctor caress the boy -- the two child enter the house -- 6 : closeup door of house amber Doctor & lois disc -- she stop he -- talk -- motion off -- say -- subtitle 2 : " you limite our family to two because another birth would have be dangerous to I . " 7 : closeup door of house amber lois disc talk to doctor - - he agree -- she talk -- look off -- girl come out of house - run to lois - - boy come out -- mother & daughter enter house follow by doctor & boy -- doctor close door -- 8 : int recept hall amber the four enter -- lois hand she coat to the girl -- doctor throw he coat on couch -- talk to boy & exit -- 9 : close view cor study amber Doctor enter -- 10 : int recept hall amber lois disc before mirror in b.g. -- child go up step -- exit -- 11 : cor study amber Doctor disc -- motion -- 12 : int recept hall amber lois disc --exit -- 13 : cor study amber Doctor disc -- lois enter -- they come to table in f.g. -- he talk -- she look up at he -- talk - - he say -- subtitle 3 : " I have guaranteed that you will drop this hobby . you cannot wish to place I in a discreditable position . " 14 : cor study amber Doctor disc talk to lois -- she pick up a book -- 15 : porch of house amber man , woman & girl come on -- girl take hold of girl -- bring she to f.g. -- door be open -- they enter house -- 16 : int recept hall amber maid enter follow by the man , woman & girl -- two child come down the stair -- 17 : cor study amber Doctor & lois disc -- talk -- she look off -- 18 : int recept hall amber bunch disc --doctor & lois enter -- they greet -- nurse talk to child -- she exit with they -- the other start to enter the other room -- 19 : int study amber lois , Priscilla , doctor & nowell come in -- they come toward f.g. -- lois sit down -- Priscilla look at doctor - - she sit down -- nowell sit down -- doctor talk -- lois talk to Priscilla -- Priscilla talk -- subtitle 4 : " self control be the doctrine GEORGE and I have agreed to follow . " 20 : int study amber the four disc -- Priscilla talk -- George lean forward -- talk -- this dissolves into view in live amber Priscilla & George disc - - he seat on couch -- smoking -- she rise with baby in arm -- talk to he -- go to b.g. -- put baby in cradle -- 21 : int bedroom amber Priscilla & George disc-- little girl run from b.g. to f.g. -- turn summersalt over bed -- come to f.g. -- jump on George 's lap -- Priscilla scold she - - nurse enter with another child -- she take the little girl -- lead she to b.g . -- 22 : closeup in cradle amber baby disc cry -- 23 : int bedroom amber George & Priscilla disc -- nurse exit with child in b.g. -- Priscilla start to quiet baby -- 24 : closeup in cradle amber cradle rock -- baby disc -- 25 : closeup near curtain amber Priscilla rise -- look down at baby -- look around -- talk -- say -- subtitle 5 : " I have just about decide that these three be all I can handle for awhile . " 26 : closeup near curtain amber Priscilla talk -- look down -- 27 : closeup of GEORGE speak -- look off -- 28 : int bedroom amber the two disc -- George go on with he read -- Priscilla come to he -- talk -- he rise -- storm -- she answer he - - he fold he arm as he talk to she -- she say -- subtitle 6 : " it only means the exercise of self control . " 29 : int bedroom amber Priscilla disc talk to George - - he be provoke - - he go to b.g. -- nurse come on in b.g. -- exit again -- George come to f.g. -- pick up something from chair -- talk to she - - nurse come in -- she speak to nurse - - nurse exit in b.g . -- George exit in f.g. -- 30 : cor bedroom amber George enter -- look around -- lay something on dresser -- throw he pajamas on chair -- 31 : int bedroom amber Priscilla disc --exit in f.g . 32 : cor bedroom amber George disc -- Priscilla enter -- look around -- talk -- he turn and look at she -- 33 : int children' bedroom amber two child come from nursery in b.g. -- come to f.g. -- talk -- 34 : cor bedroom amber George & Priscilla disc -- may enter with clean linen -- 35 : closeup of maid amber pillow in hand -- look off -- put pillow between she tooth -- 36 : close view in bedroom amber the three disc -- Priscilla exit -- 37 : int child bedroom amber two child disc -- one overturn bathtub on floor -- Priscilla enter -- the child exit in b.g. -- Priscilla look angrily around -- 38 : cor bedroom amber George & may disc -- George at dresser -- 39 : int child bedroom amber Priscilla disc in f.g. look angrily around -- this dissolves into -- a close view in study amber Priscilla , George , Doctor & lois disc -- Priscilla talk -- she look at lois -- she talk -- George talk -- doctor look around -- George rise -- say -- subtitle 7 : " I say -- isn't this a rather indecent subject to discuss in public ? " 40 : int close view study amber the four disc -- George talk -- Priscilla talk -- point to lois -- George take something from he pocket -- lois rise -- talk -- they all sit down again -- listen as lois talk -- say -- title scene 41 : " do you remember sarah who take care of our doris when she be little ? " this subtitle dissolves into a closeup hedge in garden amber Sarah disc with doris -- doll on she lap -- they play -- Sarah pretend to cry -- doris show she what she have in hand -- Sarah rock the chair hold doris -- this dissolves into -- close view in study amber Doctor , George , lois & Priscilla disc -- lois talk -- say -- title scene 42 : " I kept track of sarah after her MARRIAGE . " this subtitle dissolves into a view in sitting room amber Sarah enter follow by doris & lois -- doris take off she hat -- lay it aside -- Sarah talk to lois -- doris set up on chair by table -- lois rise -- help the child down -- they exit -- 43 : side of room amber baby cart in f.g. -- the three come on -- doris look at baby -- 44 : closeup of doris she sneer as she look at baby -- 45 : side of room amber the two woman and child disc -- doris talk to Sarah who take she in she arm -- lois pick up the baby -- Sarah hug doris -- lois go to b.g. with baby -- Sarah give cookie to doris - - 46 : closeup cor of room amber lois disc with baby look at picture on wall of Sarah & she husband -- lois hold up baby -- play with it -- 47 : side of room amber the two woman & two child disc -- Sarah play with doris -- lois with baby in she arm -- this dissolves into -- close view in drawing room amber the two man and two woman disc -- door in b.g. open -- little boy come in follow by the other child -- 48 : closeup of lois , priscilla & two child amber Priscilla talk to she little girl -- 49 : int drawing room amber the two family disc -- doris go to b.g. with little boy follow by little girl -- the child exit -- the two man rise -- lois talk to they -- the two man sit down again as lois talk -- she say -- title scene 50 : " for four year sarah and her husband got along in spite of a growing family . " this subtitle dissolves into -- close view step of house amber twin in baby buggy -- little boy on doorstep - - he sit down -- play -- Sarah come out of house -- laugh as she look at child -- 51 : shoot along side of cottage amber Three workmen disc come to f.g. -- one point off -- talk -- 52 : close view ext cottage amber Sarah & child disc -- she hand piece bread to little boy -- he rise -- sit down again -- she come down step -- look at baby in buggy -- 53 : close view ext cottage amber the three man disc -- one exit -- the other two separate & exit -- 54 : close view ext cottage amber Sarah & child disc-- husband come on -- look at child - - talk to they -- he help she into the house with the baby carriage -- they exit -- 55 : int dine room amber Sarah & husband enter with the two child in buggy -- Sarah bend over they - - he fold he arm -- talk to she - - say -- subtitle 8 : " you don't want to start worry , sarah , but they 've put US on half time again at the work . " 56 : int dine room amber the two disc with the child - - he talk -- he rub the baby 's hair -- she look around -start to cry -- 57 : closeup of baby in buggy amber crying - - other baby poke at it with finger -- 58 : int dine room amber the two disc -- one of the child cry -- husband push baby carriage around -- Sarah go to b.g.-- camera pam -- 59 : closeup on step amber Little boy disc eat bread -- he rise -- go up step into house -- exit -- 60 : int dine room amber Father , mother disc-- little boy come in to he father -- father wheeling the baby carriage -- little boy try to attract father 's attention -- fade out - ( end of reel two ) length of reel 984 ft ( reel three ) subtitle 1 : from that night he began to be annoyed when the child cry 1 : int bedroom amber Sarah disc hush one of the twin -- put it down in the crib -- 2 : close up in bed amber crying child disc--mother 's hand come on with a nursing bottle -- child take it -- mother cover the child -- 3 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah beside crib--child in she arm -- 4 : ext . SALOON amber man come on and enter the saloon as John come out with another man-- he exit -- two man enter saloon -- 5 : int bedroom amber Sarah disc hush the child -- sit down in rocker sing and rock the child -- 6 : close view side of room amber John enter -- take off he coat -- take off he vest and hat -- hang they up -- start to wind the clock -- 7 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah rock the baby -- she look off and speak -- 8 : close view side of room amber johns look up the stair and answer -- wind the clock -- 9 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah rise -- go to door -- 10 : close view side of room amber John disc wind the clock -- blow out the light -- he exit up the stair -- 11 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah disc with the child -- she come to f.g. -- sit down -- John enter close the door -- sit down on the bed -- stretch -- start to take off he shoe -- 12 : close up in crib amber child disc --start to cry -- 13 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah and John disc -- she rise -- baby in she arm -- go to the crib -- 14 : at the crib amber child disc mother come on -- speak -- turn -- 15 : close view in bedroom amber Father disc scolding the other child -- 16 : close up in crib amber baby cry -- 17 : close view in bedroom amber John disc scolding the child on the small bed -- boy sit up -- cry -- 18 : close up bedside crib amber mother disc hold baby -- try to quiet the baby -- lay the sleep child down -- title scene 19 : after several more year of hard time and the eternal repetition of a crying baby , sarah' life became a nightmare ( dissolves into ) close view ext build amber John and man disc -- other man come from building in b.g. -- employment bureau sign at the edge of sidewalk -- man take out money -- show to John - - 20 : int kitchen amber Sarah disc with the child -- boy in f.g. hold the baby -- girl enter -- show a tear stock -- Sarah scold the child -- 21 : close view ext build amber Men disc -- two rise and exit -- 22 : close view ext SALOON amber two man disc -- John and he friend come on -- enter the saloon - - other exit -- 23 : int kitchen amber Sarah and child disc -- she come to f.g. give pail to girl -- 24 : close view ext SALOON amber John and he friend come out -- talk -- man smoking cigar -- three exit -- other come on -- 25 : porch of house amber Little girl come out with the pail -- follow by Sarah -- girl exit -- Sarah look after she -- John and the man come on -- man speak to Sarah - - she speak to John -- other child come out of the house -- two come to f.g . 26 : close up of the man amber he speak -- 27 : close up of two child amber one cry -- pull away from the other -- 28 : close up of the man amber look around -- shake he head -- talk -- say -- subtitle 2 : " no wedding bell for I on my salary . " 29 : close view ext house amber Sarah , John and the man disc-- child about -- Sarah speak to the child - - they start to enter -- she go on the porch -- the man speak to John and exit -- John look at Sarah -- nod -- she exit -- he follow she -- Iris close -- 30 : int bedroom amber Iris open -- Sarah walk the floor with the baby -- child in bed -- 31 : close up of crying baby amber 32 : close up on bed amber John disc -- put he hand over he head -- 33 : int bedroom amber Sarah try to hush the baby -- John restless -- child cry -- 34 : close up of crying baby amber 35 : int bedroom amber Sarah try to quiet the baby -- John speak to she -- scold -- lie down and cover he head -- 36 : close up of mary amber try to quiet the baby -- look up -- shake she head -- 37 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah try to quiet baby -- boy sit up -- storm at he mother -- John sit up and scold she - - she shake she head -- sit down on the bed -- another child sit up -- John get out of bed -- pick up comfort and pillow -- open the door -- say as title -- subtitle 3 : " if another child come into this house , I leave it -- i'm through . " 38 : close view 1n bedroom amber John , Sarah and the child disc -- John storming at she - - he exit down the stair -- boy get out of bed -- 39 : close view in dark room amber John come down the stair -- put the pillow and comfort on a chair -- strike a match and light the gas -- John pick up sofa pillow -- 40 : close up corner of room amber John disc look at picture of himself and Sarah - - he say as title -- subtitle 4 : " you be some big stiff all right ! " 41 : close up corner of room amber John look at the picture -- exit -- 42 : close view in room amber John disc --come to f.g. -- start to make up a bed on the chair -- 43 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah and the child disc -- try to quiet they -- Sarah frantic - - one child exit -- 44 : close view in live room amber John disc -- turn out the light -- lie down on the chair -- cover up - 45 : close view in bedroom amber Sarah disc try to quiet the cry child -- two lie down -- boy come on -- exit -- 46 : close up of crying baby amber 47 : at the bed amber Sarah seat on the bed -- child lie down -- 48 : close up in the dark room amber John disc -- shake he fist and storm -- 49 : close view in bedroom amber mother disc--rise and close the door -- 50 : close up in dark room amber John lie on the chair -- draw the cover over he - 51 : close up int door amber Sarah disc hold the baby -- lean against the door -- put she hand on the baby 's mouth -- try to smother its cry -- tear stream down she face -- Iris close -- 52 : close view in drawing room amber Iris open --lois , Priscilla and the two man disc -- lois talk -- George yawn -- bored -- doctor go toward b.g. -- Priscilla look at lois -- man bored -- lois look at the doctor -- talk to Priscilla -- lois say as title -- title scene 53 : " when sarah come to I with her story I saw my duty clearly . " ( dissolves into ) close view on lawn by house amber lois disc with two child -- Sarah come on in b.g. with baby -- call -- lois see she -- Sarah exit -- 54 : close up at pillar amber lois and child disc -- lois rise as Sarah come on with the baby -- doris take the baby -- the two woman exit -- little boy with a puppy -- doris sit down with the baby -- 55 : close view ext house amber the two woman come on in b.g. -- toward chair in f.g. -- Sarah sobbing -- they sit down -- lois question she -- Sarah talk -- 56 : close up of sarah amber crying -- lois ' hand come on -- pat she shoulder -- 57 : at chair on lawn amber lois and Sarah disc seat -- lois try to comfort Sarah -- 58 : close up at pillar amber doris disc hold the baby -- she brother with the puppy -- they talk -- 59 : at chair on lawn amber lois and Sarah disc -- lois put she arm about she -- the lower part of this scene dissolves as the Iris partially close -- the scene in the bedroom appear -- John exit with the pillow and comfort -- Sarah seat on the bed -- boy come on -- Iris open wholly disclosing the original scene -- the two woman seat in the chair talk -- 60 : close view on lawn amber doris and the boy disc with the baby -- 61 : close view on lawn amber Sarah and lois seat in chair -- talk -- lois clasp Sarah 's hand -- Sarah 's kiss lois ' hand -- 62 : ext house --close view amber doris and brother disc -- they exit with the baby -- 63 : close view on lawn amber Sarah and lois disc -- they rise as the child come on with the baby -- Sarah take baby -- boy talk to he mother -- doris talk to Sarah - kiss she -- Sarah exit in f.g. -- come on again in b.g. -- child talk to lois -- Sarah exit -- lois talk -- fade out -- 64 : close view in drawing room amber fade in -- lois , Priscilla and the two man disc -- lois talk -- doctor go to b.g. -- George rise -- bored -- take out cigaret case -- doctor come to lois -- she say as title -- subtitle 5 : " the doctor found work for her husband and sarah' imperiled future be safe . " 65 : close view in drawing room amber the four disc -- George bored -- lois talk -- lois look after he as he go to b.g. -- George exit -- doctor go to the door -- look back at Lois--exits -- Priscilla rise -- sit down at the piano-- start to play -- 66 : close view on porch at door amber George come on -- sit down -- doctor come on -- George offer a cigarette to the doctor -- doctor refuse it -- George close the case -- put it away -- doctor thoughtful -- they talk -- subtitle 6 : the man of the world -- " I think it be a purely personal question that need not be discussed . " 67 : close view near door amber George talk to the doctor -- doctor look off -- thoughtful - - doctor speak -- subtitle 7 : the doctor -- " I think it be too big a question for I to decide . " 68 : close view near door amber the two man disc talk -- George look off -- 69 : close up in drawing room amber lois and Priscilla disc talk -- Priscilla talk to lois -- look up at she -- subtitle 8 : the conservative woman -- " I think that you doctrine means the end of all self control . " 70 : close up in drawing room amber the two woman talk -- lois answer -- look off as she talk -- say as title -- subtitle 9 : " I think that the child who be wanted would be born with self control as a birthright . it would mean a new race and we would leap century ahead in progress . " 71 : close view in drawing room amber the two woman talk -- Priscilla smile -- turn and start to play -- lois lean against the end of the piano-- smile at she -- fade out ( end of reel three ) length of reel 1183 ft . ( reel four ) 1 : fade in view in dine room amber Doctor disc -- lois enter with little boy -- and doris - - they greet doctor good morning -- they all sit down at table -- 2 : close view in dine room amber the four disc at table -- may enter -- start to serve -- doris hand lois a letter -- may serve the child -- lois open mail -- child start to eat -- 3 : closeup near curtain amber lois disc read letter -- 4 : closeup of handwritten letter -- fold amber dear mrs . broome : I have be so thankful for you help , but I long to help other . if it wasn't for my promise to you , I would tell the woman next door ( the page be turn disclose the other page which read ) : as she have it too hard , be a consumptive with three child , would you mind if I help her ? gratefully yours , sarah 5 : closeup of lois amber reading the second page of letter -- she look off -- pick up cream pitcher - - set it on other side -- speak off -- 6 : closeup of doctor by window amber he lean forward -- 7 : closeup of lois amber she hand he the letter -- 8 : closeup of doctor amber take letter -- he look at it -- look off -- speak -- read letter -- 9 : closeup of lois amber watch off -- 10 : closeup of doctor amber he fold letter -- look off -- speak -- 11 : closeup of lois amber talk -- shake she head -- 12 : int dine room amber the four disc at table -- lois talk to doctor -- 13 : closeup of lois amber look off -- talk -- 14 : closeup of doctor amber letter in hand -- he look around -- 15 : int dine room amber the four disc -- doctor hand letter to lois -- child eat -- lois shake she head -- 16 : closeup of doctor amber clench he fist -- talk -- 17 : closeup of lois amber look off -- look one way -- then other -- 18 : closeup of doctor amber nod he head -- start to eat -- 19 : int dine room amber the four disc at table -- eat -- Iris close -- 20 : Iris open up to close view in ofc amber Chief disc with letter in he hand -- go to door -- then toward he desk -- 21 : int doctor' ofc amber nurse enter with woman , doctor and child -- nurse put hat on girl 's head -- start to exit -- 22 : close view in ofc amber Chief disc --sit down at desk -- lay down the letter -- pick up phone -- talk -- 23 : int doctor' ofc amber Doctor , woman & girl disc with nurse -- doctor turn and talk to nurse who go to b.g. -- doctor talk to woman who put she hand on child -- lead she around desk -- door in b.g. be open disclose other patient -- mother & child go into the outer office follow by nurse -- door be close -- doctor pick up phone -- 24 : closeup of chief amber talk over phone -- 25 : close view doctor' ofc amber Doctor disc talk over phone -- 26 : closeup of chief amber talk over phone -- say -- subtitle 1 : " I just got a letter from you wife . " 27 : closeup of chief amber talk over phone -- 28 : close view doctor' ofc amber Doctor disc talk over phone -- 29 : closeup desk amber Chief disc -- pick up letter -- read it -- 30 : closeup of handwritten letter : fold once amber 64 argyle avenue east end my dear mr . berger : the doctor tell I that you released I from custody because he made himself personally responsible for my good behaviour in the future . I regret that I cannot permit he to do that , nor will I make any promise . sincerely yours , louise broome 31 : closeup desk amber Chief disc read the letter over the phone - lay it down -- 32 : close view doctor' ofc amber Doctor talk over phone -- 33 : closeup desk amber Chief disc talk over phone -- 34 : close view doctor' ofc amber Doctor talk over phone -- 35 : closeup desk amber Chief disc talk over phone -- 36 : close view doctor' ofc amber Doctor talk over phone -- hang up -- 37 : closeup desk amber Chief disc talk over phone -- hang up -- pick up cigar -- 38 : close view in ofc amber Chief disc -- crittenden enter -- start to exit - Chief hand he letter -- crittenden read it -- talk - - he hand he back the letter -- open door -- exit -- close door -- 39 : close view doctor' ofc amber Doctor disc -- worried --exit -- 40 : ext house amber limousine in f.g. -- woman follow chauffeur up step to house -- they exit -- 41 : closeup ext door of house amber chauffeur come on -- ring bell -- woman come on -- he exit -- she look after he -- door be open -- woman enter -- door be close -- 42 : close view in recept hall amber maid come on follow by woman -- lois come down stair in b.g. -- may look off -- lois come on again in f.g. -- may exit -- lois & woman talk -- 43 : STREET amber crittenden come on motorcycle around corner -- stop at curb -- look around -- 44 : close view of side STREET amber crittenden disc beside motorcycle at curb -- he cross over and go toward drive -- limousine stand on drive -- 45 : closeup post amber crittenden disc look from behind post -- 46 : close view dine room amber lois & woman disc -- lois take letter from she muff -- hand it to woman who sit down on piano stool - - read -- 47 : closeup of handwritten letter : fold amber dear mrs . broome : I have be so thankful for you help , but I long to help other . if it wasn't for my promise to you , I would tell the woman next door . 48 : close view in draw room amber the two disc -- woman turn the page of the letter and read -- 49 : closeup of second page of letter : handwritten --folded amber as she have it too hard , be a consumptive with three child . would you mind if I help her ? gratefully yours , sarah 50 : close view in drawing room amber the two woman disc -- one read letter -- talk to lois - - who talk -- woman rise -- lois take the letter -- the two woman exit -- 51 : closeup at post amber crittenden disc watch off -- draw back -- 52 : side of STREET amber crittenden disc stand beside post at entrance to drive -- the two woman enter limousine in b.g. -- chauffeur take he place -- the auto drive to f.g. & exit -- crittenden watch -- he run to he motorcycle - - exit with it -- 53 : close view ext house amber Auto in f.g. -- doctor come out of house -- down step -- come to f.g. -- get into auto -- auto exit -- 54 : shoot down STREET amber taken from move auto--limousine disc come to f.g. follow by motorcycle with crittenden -- 55 : cor in room amber Doctor enter -- call off -- doris & little boy come from b.g. to the doctor-- he embrace & kiss they -- little boy talk to he about he top -- he take the string & top -- start to fix it for the boy -- 56 : shoot down alley amber limousine disc come to f.g. -- it exit -- motorcycle come on in distance -- it come to f.g . -- 57 : alley ext barn amber crittenden disc riding toward f.g. -- stop --look over fence -- 58 : yard before house amber Children on porch -- limousine come on in f.g. -- stop --footman alight -- go around car -- 59 : close view on porch amber Children disc point off -- Sarah come out of house -- 60 : close view at limousine amber the two woman inside -- they alight from car -- camera pam disclose Sarah & child on porch in b.g . -- lois & woman go up toward they -- 61 : close view at porch amber Sarah & child disc -- lois & woman come on -- woman be introduce to Sarah -- 62 : cor recept hall amber Doctor & child disc -- doctor spin top for they -- they watch it -- delighted -- doctor talk to they -- 63 : close view at porch amber the three woman & child disc -- talk -- they start to go around the house -- Sarah point off -- talk to lois - - 64 : close view in back yard amber woman disc take clothes from line -- baby in arm -- child play in clothes basket on ground -- woman start to cough -- child pull at she skirt -- woman motion off -- boy come on -- move basket -- mother put baby into basket -- child bend over it -- mother clutches at line -- cough -- 65 : close view at porch amber the three woman disc watch off -- Sarah say -- subtitle 2 : " her husband be a drunkard and she have to take in washing to help out . " 66 : close view at porch amber Sarah disc talk to lois & woman -- lois look at she friend -- she turn -- they go toward b.g. -- start to exit -- 67 : close view ext house amber lois & friend come on follow by Sarah & child -- little boy exit -- Sarah talk to little girl -- lois & woman talk -- 68 : close view ext barn in alley amber crittenden disc look over fence -- 69 : close view ext house amber the 3 woman disc with child -- lois nod she head -- talk -- put she hand on Sarah -- say -- subtitle 3 : " advise all the women you , sarah , to be at kernan' hall next saturday afternoon . " 70 : close view ext house amber the 3 woman disc -- lois talk to Sarah -- she friend pat lois on hand -- Sarah say she will -- lois & she friend exit -- Sarah look after they -- 71 : at limousine before house amber lois & friend come toward it -- Sarah & child watch from step -- lois & friend get into car -- footman come on in f.g. -- take he place -- car exit -- Sarah look after it -- 72 : in alley by barn amber crittenden disc--ride to f.g. & exit -- 73 : cor recept hall amber Doctor & two child disc-- girl spin top -- doctor look at he watch -- exit into draw room -- 74 : step before bldg . amber limousine come on in f.g. -- stop -- footman open the door -- caller alight -- 75 : closeup in car amber lois , she friend & footman disc -- woman say good - bye -- door be close -- footman exit -- 76 : limousine before bldg . amber footman come around car to he place -- the car exit -- the woman be see go up the step -- 77 : cor drawing room amber Children in b.g. in hall -- doctor in f.g. -- pace up and down -- 78 : ext house amber limousine come on in f.g. -- footman open door -- lois alight -- she go up stair to house -- footman step on run board - auto exit -- lois exit -- camera pam disclose crittenden watch -- 79 : cor drawing room amber Doctor in f.g. -- child in b.g. -- lois enter - doctor turn -- she come to he -- talk to he -- he turn and talk to she -- child spin top in b.g . -- 80 : ext house amber crittenden disc on motorcycle - - he exit -- 81 : cor drawing rm amber Doctor & lois in f.g. talk --child in b.g. play -- doctor point off as he talk -- she talk -- say -- subtitle 4 : " you and the men of you profession know what a blessing this knowledge would be to women and yet you won't help US ! " 82 : cor drawing rm amber lois disc talk to doctor in f.g. -- child in b.g. play -- lois clasp she hand -- he put he hand on she -- talk to she -- she answer he - - he pass she - - go to b.g . -- lois run to he -- talk -- he exit -- the child look after he -- lois say -- subtitle 5 : " oh ! show I the right way ! " 83 : cor drawing rm amber Louis in f.g. talk to herself -- child in b.g. -- they come to lois - - talk to she -- put they arm about she -- she caress they -- kiss the boy -- 84 : close view in window seat amber Doctor disc -- look off -- thoughtful -- look out window - - lean head on hand -- 85 : int office amber Chief & other disc -- door in b.g. open & crittenden enter -- talk to chief -- they talk -- crittenden go to door in b.g. -- open it --exit -- man in corner rise -- 86 : int room amber lady disc -- other come in -- one seat at desk in f.g. -- lois 's friend talk to they -- some excited -- 87 : close view cor drawing room amber lois & child disc-- may pass in b.g. exit -- lois go to b.g. take off she scarf -- the child follow she -- ( end of reel four ) length of reel 1024 ft ( reel five ) 1 : ent to dine room amber Doctor in b.g. -- he come towards f.g. -- 2 : int hall amber lois come on in b.g. -- woman come on in f.g. -- follow by other -- lois run to Priscilla - - doctor and other come in -- Priscilla fall onto the chair -- the nurse take little girl by the hand -- lead she to b.g . -- lois talk to she may -- may go toward b.g . -- 3 : closeup at door beside room amber Doctor and Priscilla and lois disc -- doctor question she -- she say -- subtitle 1 : " I have left my husband ! " 4 : closeup at door amber the three disc -- Priscilla talk -- she put she handkerchief to she mouth -- lois startle -- she look off -- she go to b.g. -- take off she hat -- doctor lead Priscilla into the draw room -- lois follow -- they close the door -- 5 : close view in drawing room amber lois close the door in b.g. -- Priscilla fall in chair in f.g. sobbing -- doctor bring chair up -- lois sit down beside she -- question Priscilla - - put arm about she -- Priscilla bow head on she arm -- lois look up at the doctor -- speak to he - - he watch -- Priscilla sit up -- start to speak - - the other listen -- Priscilla fumble with she handkerchief -- title scene 6 : " he start to go out alone in the evening . " dissolves into int bedroom amber Priscilla and the three child disc -- she tend baby -- may enter with the bath tub -- may exit in b.g. -- little girl sit on edge of bed -- start to take off slipper -- 7 : closeup at dresser amber George disc-- fix he tie-- look in the mirror -- look off -- laugh -- go to the door -- turn out the light -- open the door and exit -- 8 : int bedroom amber Priscilla and the child disc-- child get ready for bed -- George come on -- kiss the little girl -- Priscilla rise with the baby in she arm -- look sternly at he -- speak to he - - he tell she he be go out -- she watch he suspiciously -- call off -- may come on -- she hand the baby to the may -- George frown -- bite he lip -- Priscilla speak to the little girl -- girl talk back to she -- saucy -- may pick up the other child -- exit with the child -- Priscilla say -- subtitle 2 : " if you go out tonight , I go with you ! " 9 : int bedroom amber Priscilla and George disc -- she talk -- he say she must stay home with the child -- she answer he - - he unbutton he coat -- take it off -- she sit down -- he throw down coat -- put on he dress gown - - he exit -- 10 : at door of bedroom amber Priscilla in b.g. -- George come to f.g. -- 11 : door of room across the hall amber Priscilla in b.g. -- George in the hall -- come to f.g. -- slam the door shut -- fasten he gown -- 12 : close view in bedroom amber Priscilla seat in f.g. -- the child in nursery in b.g . -- 13 : close view at door of bedroom amber George disc -- tie the cord of dress gown -- get a idea - - open the door -- slightly -- look out -- open the door -- disclose Priscilla in the room across the hall - - he go into the hall -- close the door -- 14 : shoot thro ' doorway toward hall Priscilla in f.g. -- George at door in b.g . 15 : closeup at nursery door amber Little girl disc -- she turn -- cross the room -- 16 : shoot thro ' door to hall amber George in b.g. -- Priscilla in f.g. -- George exit -- 17 : close view in bedroom amber Priscilla disc -- she take off she slipper -- she rise -- run to b.g. -- exit -- 18 : closeup on stair amber George disc -- come down -- he look back -- look around cautiously -- look up stair -- go to b.g . -- 19 : closeup at stair rail amber George disc -- he pick up the phone -- talk -- call number -- look up the stair -- 20 : closeup on stair amber Priscilla disc come down --stop --exit in f.g. -- 21 : close view in hall amber George disc-- phone -- Priscilla come on in door in b.g. listen - - he say -- subtitle 3 : " be this paulson be ? if a lady asks for mr . smith please tell her he be unavoidably absent . " 22 : close view int hall amber the two disc -- George talk on phone -- Priscilla clutches at she throat - - he hang up the receiver -- set down the phone -- she turn on the light -- he suddenly turn and see she - - she come to f.g . -- 23 : close view foot of stair amber George and Priscilla disc - - he put arm about she - - she shrink away from he -- camera pam disclose the foot of stair -- she start to exit- - he talk to she -- she put hand over she face -- go up the stair -- exit - - he bow he head -- 24 : by fireplace in bedroom amber Priscilla enter in b.g. slam the door -- come to f.g. -- hand to she head -- 25 : close view in hall amber George disc beside the stair -- head bow -- 26 : closeup in bedroom by fireplace amber Priscilla disc -- she pick up she husband 's coat -- look at it -- clutches it to she -- sit down in rock chair -- bury she head on she arm -sobbing -- Iris close -- title scene 27 : " we have not spoken since and I shall never live with he again . " dissolves into close view in drawing room amber Priscilla -- lois and the doctor disc -- Priscilla talk -- lois look up at the doctor -- shake she head -- the doctor turn -- go toward the door -- lois try to comfort Priscilla - - 28 : close view at side of hall amber George come on with the may -- stop she - - open the door -- 29 : close view in drawing room amber the three disc -- George enter -- the may come on in b.g . -- George come to Priscilla - - pick she up -- clasp she in he arm -- lois and the doctor go to the door - - enter the hall and close the door -- George hold Priscilla in he arm -- 30 : closeup in drawing room amber the two disc -- George kissing she - - she talk to he -- he kiss she forehead -- she lip -- she talk -- put head on he shoulder -- Iris close -- subtitle 4 : saturday afternoon 31 : at doorway to hall amber crowd of woman disc at the door -- enter the hall -- people on platform in b.g. -- other woman come on in f.g. -- baby in they arms-men talk to they -- 32 : at edge of platform amber woman disc -- some sit down -- one woman exit - 33 : at door to hall amber woman disc -- with child in arm -- lois come on in f.g. -- speak to Sarah -- another woman come on -- lois push she way thro ' the crowd -- Priscilla and the woman come on -- woman crowd in -- woman exit in f.g . -- 34 : at edge of platform amber two woman on the platform -- lois -- Sarah and the other woman come on with child -- 35 : corner edge of hall amber crowd disc -- try to get in -- woman on the platform in b.g. -- woman in f.g. clap they hand -- 36 : at edge of platform amber lois and the other disc -- woman sit down in f.g. with they table -- lois talk to some of the other woman -- three of they sit down -- 37 : at doorway to hall amber woman disc -- crittenden come on -- speak to man at the door -- 38 : on the platform amber woman disc -- one speak -- lois rise -- come to the table -- 39 : view of audience clap they hand -- 40 : at door to hall amber crittenden and the man disc in f.g. -- the woman in b.g. -- lois on the platform -- the old man go down the aisle toward b.g. -- crittenden listen -- 41 : at the platform amber lois speak -- the other on the platform -- woman come on -- hand she a paper -- man exit -- lois open the letter -- read -- 42 : closeup on platform amber lois and one of the other woman disc -- she look at the letter in she hand -- 43 : closeup of lois amber she look off -- stare -- 44 : closeup at doorway amber crittenden disc-- frown -- sternly -- 45 : closeup on platform amber lois and the other woman disc -- lois turn and speak -- one of the woman come on -- take the letter -- 46 : closeup of typewritten letter amber my dear mrs . broome : for you husband sake and reputation , I wish to warn you that the law will have to take its course if you defy it today . yours truly , ( signed ) ellis berger 47 : closeup on platform amber woman disc -- one read the letter -- she talk to lois -- lois motion -- 48 : view of audience amber crittenden in b.g. -- woman and little boy start down the aisle -- woman come and get they -- take she back to the seat -- sit down -- 49 : closeup on platform amber woman disc -- lois troubled - - do [ es ] not know what to do -- the other woman question she -- lois nod she head -- straighten up -- start to speak -- the other woman sit down -- subtitle 5 : " since the world began man have endeavored to direct the force of nature to further he advancement in every way but one -- the most important -- he own power of reproduction . in this respect alone nature have be allowed to take its course , often pervert though it may be . " 50 : closeup on platform amber lois speak -- woman beside she take note -- subtitle 6 : " although it be estimated that one hundre thousand criminal operation be performed in a year in the UNITED states alone , causing the death of six thousand women , superstition bar the way to a remedy of the evil . " 51 : closeup on platform amber lois talk -- sten take note -- another woman in back of she -- 52 : at door to hall amber man and woman at the door -- Priscilla come on in f.g. -- lois in b.g. on the platform address the audience -- Priscilla go to the doorway - - enter the hall -- 53 : closeup of lois amber as she speak -- earnestly -- subtitle 7 : " although one hundre and fifty thousand child die annually under the age of five year , and the over -flowing hospitals , insane asylums and prison bear ghastly testimony to the need of drastic reform in this wholesale business of child bear and slaughter , any attempt to put it on a higher plane be met with scathing criticism and even imprisonment . " 54 : closeup of lois amber as she talk -- 55 : closeup below platform amber Sarah and she friend disc with baby in arm -- woman start to cough -- Sarah put arm across she shoulder -- 56 : close view at step of platform amber woman disc -- some with child -- one look toward the woman cough -- 57 : on the platform amber lois and the other disc -- lois talk -- all look off -- woman in f.g. turn and look back -- lois talk excitedly -- 58 : at doorway to hall amber crittenden in f.g. -- other in b.g. -- Priscilla look out of door -- officer come on -- crittenden speak to he -- other officer come on -- woman in f.g. -- exit -- other man gather about in f.g . -- 59 : shoot from platform to door of hall amber lois disc with back turn in f.g. -- crittenden and the officer enter in b.g. -- crittenden come up to the platform -- arrest lois -- 60 : int hall amber officer in b.g. -- woman excited -- 61 : closeup by wall amber the mother with baby disc -- Sarah rise -- 62 : on platform amber crittenden and the woman disc -- hand on lois ' shoulder - - he go down step -- she follow -- the other woman follow -- other excited -- lois make she way thro ' the crowd -- crittenden follow hand on she shoulder -- 63 : closeup of sarah amber her baby in she arm -- she look off -- angry - stern -- she look up -- she exit -- 64 : int hall amber crittenden bring lois to f.g. -- Sarah mount the platform -- call to the people -- 65 : closeup of sarah and women amber Sarah with baby in she arm -- she talk -- subtitle 8 : " I can finish what mrs . broome start to tell you -- " 66 : closeup of sarah amber and the other woman -- Sarah talk -- baby in she arm -- she talk excitedly -- 67 : at door of hall bunch disc -- woman exit with two child in f.g. -- officer watch -- 68 : closer view int hall amber bunch disc -- Sarah talk from the platform -- crittenden and lois in f.g. -- lois frighten -- she plead with he -- officer go to b.g . 69 : close view at doorway amber Priscilla and other disc -- Priscilla look for way of escape and exit -- 70 : on platform amber woman disc --officer take Sarah away with he -- she clutching at she baby -- he hurry she to f.g. and exit with she -- 71 : close view int hall amber bunch disc --lois and crittenden in f.g. -- officer bring Sarah thro ' the crowd to f.g. -- the man exit with they prisoner -- crowd after they -- 72 : closeup at wall phone amber Priscilla come on -- take out nickel -- put in she call -- put money in slot -- 73 : closeup in doorway amber woman disc crowd past -- crittenden bring lois to f.g. -- make way through the mob--officer bring Sarah to f.g. -- exit with she in the crowd -- 74 : closeup at phone in doctor' office amber nurse disc -- she motion off -- speak -- she exit -- doctor come on -- answer the phone -- 75 : closeup at wall phone amber Priscilla talk on phone -- 76 : closeup at wall amber Doctor talk on phone -- question she -- answer -- 77 : closeup of priscilla amber talk on phone -- excited -- 78 : close view in office amber Doctor talk on phone -- call off -- take off operate gown -- nurse come on with coat -- he put it on hurriedly -- 79 : shoot thro ' doorway into hall amber crowd of woman come out -- exite -- Iris close -- ( end of reel five ) length of reel 1009 ft ( reel six ) subtitle 1 : let US pass quickly over the nerve wracking period of trial and conviction . 1 : front of courtroom amber Iris open -- prisoner , lawyer , judge etc , disc -- 2 : close view at judge's bench amber lois , Sarah and other disc -- judge talk -- 3 : close up of doctor amber other behind he - 4 : close view in courtroom amber Court in session -- lawyer rise - 5 : close up of JOHN amber dull --speak -- 6 : close view in courtroom amber the prisoner , lawyer and other disc -- man speak to the two woman -- they rise -- judge pronounce the sentence -- 7 : close view in courtroom amber Doctor , lois and other disc -- she go towards he -- 8 : another view in courtroom amber bunch disc -- John kiss Sarah -- try to comfort she -- judge and doctor go to lois - - 9 : close up at wall amber lois , Doctor and judge disc -- doctor talk -- she say as title -- subtitle 2 : " if the law maker have to bear the child they would change the law quickly enough . " 10 : close up at wall amber Three disc -- lois talk -- bitter - - doctor look at she -- judge bow he head -- lois smile at the doctor -- speak -- she pass he and exit -- he look after she -- 11 : close view in courtroom amber prisoner be take away -- they exit with officer -- judge and doctor talk -- John talk to he boy in f.g. -- boy cry -- John try to comfort he -- John and the boy exit -- 12 : close up at judge's bench amber judge and doctor disc talk -- doctor talk -- judge answer -- 13 : printed excerpt from speech : amber " to my mind , there be no controversy about birth Control , except in so far as how and by whom it should be exercise . when a poor woman appear before I with she sickly , underf , unwash brood of nine child and say she do not want to take back she drunken husband because it will mean another child add to she burden in a few month , my heart and soul cry aloud for a law that will permit a doctor to tell she openly what he have tell the rich woman be secret . " ( extract from speech of judge John stelk , Chicago , February 8 , 1917 . ) 14 : close view at judge's bench amber judge and doctor talk -- doctor thoughtful -- dissolves into close view in courtroom woman on witness stand -- line of child seat near -- officer of court about -- 15 : close up of woman amber talk -- cry -- lawyer question -- 16 : close view in courtroom amber woman on the stand disc -- other about -- she talk -- child run to f.g. -- another child stop it -- take mother 's purse from it -- mother talk -- cry -- lawyer talk -- child defy the lawyer -- man rise -- interfere -- 17 : close up of the child amber seat in chair -- 18 : close view in courtroom amber bunch disc -- man force the father into he chair -- other sympathetic as the woman talk -- lawyer look at the child -- fade out -- 19 : close up at judge's bench amber chemical fade in -- doctor and judge talk -- doctor look at the judge -- Iris close -- 20 : close view in cell amber Iris open --lois and Sarah disc with the baby -- lois seat at table -- Sarah in f.g. cry -- lois come to she -- look around -- woman come on in the corridor -- the door slide back -- guard come on -- woman enter with tray -- speak to lois -- lois speak to Sarah -- urge she to eat -- lois bend over the baby -- woman set the tray on the table -- woman hand lois a letter -- she rise and open it -- Sarah start to eat -- offer lois a cup of tea - - woman sit down on bed by the baby -- lois read the letter -- 21 : close up of hand written letter amber my poor Louise , I have just come from the governor . he will pardon you on you guarantee that you will give up you public work . for the sake of our child ( who have be unable to go to school since you arrest because of the taunt of there schoolmate ) I ask you to yield and end the torture for US all . you loving husband 22 : close up at bar of cell amber lois lean against the bar -- break down -- dissolves into -- close view in school yard -- Children disc play -- doris and little brother be chase on by other child - - they be torment -- mud sling at they -- they clothes tear -- they start to exit cry -- fade out -- 23 : close up at bar of cell amber fade in -- lois disc -- close she eye -- torture at the think -- 24 : close view in cell amber the three woman disc -- Sarah watch lois -- she rise and go to she -- the matron rise -- look at lois --speak to she -- lois rouse -- speak to the matron -- say as title -- subtitle 3 : " take sarah to the warden . she will promise not to offend again . " 24 : close view in cell amber the three woman disc -- lois speak -- look down at she letter -- matron look at the letter -- lois talk to she -- Sarah pick up the baby -- matron look at they -- lois talk to Sarah - - door be open -- Sarah enter the corridor -- return and beg lois to come with she - - she refuse -- 25 : close up ext door of cell amber Guard and three woman disc -- Sarah and the matron try to persuade lois to submit -- Sarah bow she head -- lois look off -- push Sarah from she - - speak to the matron -- Sarah look at the guard -- come to f.g. with the baby -- look back at lois -- guard take hold of she arm -- lead she away -- they exit - - he return -- matron pick up the tray and exit in f.g. -- guard close the door -- lois look off -- he exit -- lois turn and kneel beside the bed -- 26 : close view in dine room amber Doctor disc -- come to f.g. -- Priscilla and George enter -- they question he - - he shake he head as he answer -- he draw back as the child enter with they clothes spatter with mud -- doctor question they -- doris show she tear dress -- the child cry -- they exit with Priscilla - - the two man look after they -- George sympathetic -- doctor go to b.g. -- bow he head -- George talk to he -- 27 : at bar of cell amber woman inside of cell -- rave - - guard come on -- matron pass with tray of food -- panoram disclose lois 's cell -- matron enter the cell -- guard exit -- lois on she knee beside the bed -- 28 : close up beside bed in cell amber lois disc kneel -- matron come on with the tray -- put it on the bed before lois -- 29 : close up on bed amber lois kneel -- look at the tray of food -- 30 : close view in cell amber lois and the matron disc -- lois rise -- refuse the food -- matron take the tray -- speak to lois -- lois answer -- sit down -- matron go to the door -- fade out -- subtitle 4 : how a hunger strike weakened her and forced mrs . broome's pardon be well known 31 : close up at wall amber fade in -- lois disc -- sick -- wear out -- look off -- put she hand to she throat -- 32 : in cell amber lois seat on the bed -- matron enter follow by a doctor and a nurse -- they offer food to she -- she refuse -- they insist -- hold she hand -- fade out -- subtitle 5 : let US come now to a promise of happier day 33 : view on sea shore amber fade in -- lois , doctor , child and nurse disc -- lois and doctor under large umbrella -- he lay down he book -- put she hand on she boy 's head -- doctor talk to she -- 34 : close view under umbrella amber nurse disc read newspaper -- look off -- look at the paper -- speak -- lean forward -- 35 : close view on shore amber Party disc -- nurse hand the doctor the paper behind lois ' chair - - he take it -- hold up he glass and read -- look off -- 36 : close up lois and doctor amber he hand she the paper -- thoughtful - - she read -- 37 : newspaper column amber may legalize birth control __________ illinois attorney general give they hope nothing in law to prevent it he declare propagandist encouraged at brandage's opinion 38 : close up under umbrella amber lois and doctor disc -- she put the paper down and speak -- put she hand on he -- 39 : int dine room amber Sarah and the child disc -- John enter -- take she in he arm -- child play -- he show she the newspaper -- she take it and read -- smile -- child run to f.g. -- exit -- John pick up the baby and kiss it -- put it down -- 40 : on the shore amber lois , doctor and family disc -- doctor rise -- little girl run on -- fall headlong -- Priscilla and George come on -- speak to doctor and lois -- nurse come on in b.g. with two child - - all sit down and talk -- child play -- lois hand the paper to Priscilla - - she read -- hand it to George - - he read -- 41 : close up of GEORGE amber look down --look off -- shrug he shoulder and say at title -- subtitle 6 : " I still think it a personal question that should not be discussed in public . " 42 : close up of GEORGE amber talk -- 43 : on the shore amber the party disc -- doctor smile at lois -- 44 : close up of priscilla amber she look off and speak -- say as title -- subtitle 7 : " I still think that the answer should be --self control . " 45 : close up of priscilla amber speak -- bow she head -- 46 : close up of doctor amber look down --look off --smile --speak -- subtitle 8 : " I begin to think that reputable physician might be give authority to disseminate this knowledge with discrimination . " 47 : close up of doctor amber talk -- 48 : close up of lois amber turn she head and talk -- subtitle 9 : " I still think that intelligent child bear would mean the end of murderous operation , insanity , poverty and criminal tendencies in the human race . " 49 : close up of lois amber talk -- look off --smile -- doris come to she mother -- lean against she -- lois smile -- 50 : on the shore amber Party in f.g. -- Doctor , George and Priscilla watch lois and doris --fade out -- subtitle 10 : what do you think ? '' geovisit ( ) ;