the rocky horror picture show a screenplay by jim sharman and richard o'brien adapted from " the Rocky horror show " a musical with Book , Music &amp ; lyric by Richard o' brien ----- 1 the first image be a set of red velvet cinema curtain Soft drum-roll . 2 they split optically to reveal the distribution company logo . fanfare . 3 a SMALL white screen - academy size - appear in the middle of the wide - screen format on the side of the image be stationary sprocket hole of celluloid . science fiction double feature * musical introduction . Film head run down number : 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , start . very scratch . during the song we see snatch of the film mention in song . they look old and scratch and they be intercut with flash of white screen , burnt celluloid , etc . song : " science fiction double feature " 4 the day the earth stood still - the end sequence of the robot carrying the hero voice over Michael rennie be ill . the day the earth stand still but he tell we where we stand wipe to 5 flash gordon - buster crabbe in action voice over ( cont ) and flash Gordon be there in silver underwear . wipe to 6 the invisible man - claude rain in bandage and dark glass voice over ( cont ) Claude Rain be the invisible man . wipe to 7 king kong - empire state build sequence with fay wray voice over ( cont ) then something go wrong for fay wray and King Kong they get catch in a celluloid jam wipe to 8 it come from outer space - geodesic globe eclipsing the earth voice over ( cont ) then at a deadly pace it come from outer space and this be how the message run wipe to 9 title sequence - cast and writing credit chorus Science fiction - double -feature Dr X will build a creature see android fight Brad and Janet Anne Francis star in forbidden Planet oh - at the late night , double - feature picture show . wipe to 10 tarantula - the mutation sequence voice over I know Leo G. Carrol be over a barrel when tarantula take to the hill wipe to 11 the day of the triffids - fight in the lighthouse voice over ( cont ) and I really get hot when I see jeanette Scott fight a triffid that spit poison and kill wipe to 12 the night of the demon - sequence of " runic writing " , flying into the FIRE voice over ( cont ) dana andrew say prune gave he the rune and pass they use lot of skill . wipe to 13 when world collide - rocket invasion sequence voice over ( cont ) and when world collide Said George pal to he bride I be go to give you some terrible trill like a - wipe to 14 title continued - technical and production credit chorus Science fiction - double -feature Dr X will build a creature see android fight Brad and Janet Anne Francis star in forbidden Planet oh - at the late-night , double - feature picture show by rko o - oh at the late-night , double - feature picture show in the back row at the late-night , double - feature picture show I want to go . dissolve to 15 ext . a still frame of a denton catholic church day chorus ( cont ) to the late night double feature picture show . the song end with church bell ringing joyously as the image expand to wide - screen . the still frame burst to life as the door of the Denton Catholic Church be flung open and mendelssohn 's wedding march resound from the church organ . the young marry couple , ralph and betty hapschatt appear follow by a crowd of friend and well - wisher throw confetti and shouting excitedly . the minister shake ralph by the hand while ralph slip he a $ 20 bill . photographer take picture . brad major , a young slightly awkward , clean - cut american in he mid - twenty , come over the congratulate ralph . brad and ralph shake hand . ralph well Brad , I guess we make it huh ! brad well I do not think there be any doubt about that - you and Betty have be almost inseparable ever since you sit in on Dr Scott 's refresher lecture . ralph tell you the truth Brad , she be the only reason I come in the first place . Science be never one of my favourite subject but I sure with Dr Scott could have make it today . brad yes , Janet and I be both fond of he . we drive over to see he last vacation . it 's a shame he new job take he away from Denton . betty , the bride , throw the bouquet . janet catch it . she squeal with delight . the guest cheer . ralph hey fella . it look like it could be you turn next . brad who know ... ha ha . ralph &amp ; betty drive off . guest wave and shout , brad &amp ; janet with great enthusiasm . guest begin to disperse . janet &amp ; brad linger outside the church . so do a strange family : a old man with a pitchfork and he wife and daughter . they resemble the quaker family in " american gothic " , a painting . the mother ( magenta ) and father ( riff raff ) stand outside the church door . they daughter ( columbia ) go inside . the family , and the minister ( frank n. furter ) , and the guest all resemble character we shall meet later at the Frank n. furter place . janet ( who be hold the bouquet ) oh Brad , be not it wonderful . do not Betty look radiantly beautiful . just a hour ago she be plain old Betty Monroe . now she 's Mrs. Ralph hapschatt . brad ( still look after the car ) er...yes , Janet ....... Ralph 's a lucky guy . ( they start to move das . ) janet yes . brad everyone know Betty 's a wonderful little cook . janet yes . brad and Ralph himself will be in line for promotion in a year or so . janet yes . first chord of " wedding song " 16 ext . church day " wedding song " ( Silent playback for dialogue ) with great decision brad turn on janet brad ( speak ) hey Janet . janet yes Brad . brad I have get something to say . janet uh huh . brad I really love the skilful way you beat the other girl to the bride 's bouquet . janet oh Brad . ( sing begin ) brad the river be deep but I swim it . family ( riff &amp ; magenta ) Janet . brad the future be ours so let 's plan it . family ( R &amp ; m ) Janet . brad so please do not tell I to can it . family ( R &amp ; m ) Janet . brad I have one thing to say and that 's dammit , Janet . I love you . the road be long but I run it . ( he run backwards towards church door ) family ( riff and magenta ) Janet . brad ( climb onto fence ) there 's a fire in my heart and you fan it . ( jump off ) family ( riff and magenta ) Janet . brad if there 's one fool for you then I be it . family ( riff and magenta ) Janet . brad ( get chalk from pocket ) I have one thing to say and that 's , dammit , Janet . he chalk a heart and arrow on the church door , which riff raff proceed to wipe off . brad I love you . janet run to he , he kneel and produce a ring . brad here 's a ring to prove that I be not joker . church bell peal out . riff &amp ; magenta open door and solemnly enter the church , door close behind they . brad there 's three way that love can grow . that 's good bad or mediocre . janet grab the ring as brad rise . she throw down the bouquet and would fall into brad 's arm but he go to the door to chalk on it again . brad oh - J - a - N - E - T I love you so . janet , transfix , burst into the church . 17 int . church day " wedding song " pt. 2 janet burst into the church , hypnotise by the ring . brad follow she . janet oh !...... it 's nicer than Betty munroe have magenta ( peer up from behind pew ) oh Brad . janet now we be engage and I be so glad . magenta &amp ; columbia oh Brad . ( both peer up and disappear ) janet that you meet Mom and you know dad . whole family oh Brad . ( peer up together ) janet ( take he arm ) I have one thing to say and that 's , Brad I be mad , for you too . brad &amp ; janet start to walk d.s. , arm in arm . the strange family march slowly across they l/r. , in front . janet ( laying head on Brad 's sh . ) oh , Brad . brad oh dammit . janet ( caress he cheek ) I be mad ..... brad oh Janet janet for you . brad ( briefly kiss she ) I love you too-oo-oo . brad take janet 's hand , turn to she . we be aware of the family bring in coffin in b.g. through vestry door . brad &amp ; janet there 's one thing leave to do - ah-ooh ( they separate ) brad and that 's go see the man who begin it family ( carry coffin ) Janet . brad when we meet in he science exam it - the family move into position behind brad &amp ; janet family Janet . brad make I give you the eye and then panic , family Janet family lower coffin onto floor . brad I have get one thing to say , and that 's dammit , Janet . I love you . janet run to brad and he hug she . brad ( circle Janet ) dammit , Janet . janet circle brad twice , admire she ring on the way . janet oh Brad , I be mad . brad dammit , Janet . brad &amp ; janet kneel together with each follow word until they be kneel on the floor ) brad , janet , family . I love you . brad &amp ; janet kiss . the cross above spit optically . 18 int . a study night mahogany bookcase , a large desk with a prominent globe of the world . a well - padded armchair have its back to the camera . it swing around revealing the narrator . he be in he smoking jacket . he speak directly to we . narrator I would like if I may to take you on a strange journey . he cross to the bookshelf . he select a dossier . we see the title : " the Denton affair " . he return to he desk and place it on a bookstand . he put on he read glass . narrator it seem a fairly ordinary night when Brad major and he fiancee Janet Weiss ( two young ordinary healthy kid ) leave Denton that late November evening to visit Dr Everett Scott , ex . tutor and now friend of both of they . it 's true there be dark storm cloud , heavy , black and pendulous , toward which they be drive . it 's true also that the spare tyre they be carry be badly in need of some air . but they be normal kid and on a night out , well they be not go to let a storm spoil the event of they evening . on a night out . he close the book mark the place . Thunder be hear distantly on the sound track . narrator it be a night out they be go to remember for a very long time . lighting crack on the sound track . wipe to 19 ext . night a windscreen wiper work under strain . torrential rain on the windscreen . brad concentrate on visibility . janet eat chocolate and listen to the car radio play a Orson Welles serial - the shadow . a motorcycle roar past they . janet gosh . that 's the third motorcyclist that 's pass we . they certainly take they life in they hand . what with the weather and all . brad yes , Janet . life 's pretty cheap to that type . janet take another stick of gum . offer brad some . he decline . the car slow to a halt . janet what 's the matter Brad , darling ? headlights on sign read : " dead end " . brad I think we take the wrong fork a few mile back . janet oh dear ! but then where do the motorcyclist come from ? brad hmmm ... well , I guess we will have to turn back . CUT to 20 ext . road night car reverse . brad put he foot on the accelerator . the wheel skid and explode . CUT to 21 int . car night janet what be that bang ? brad we must have a blow -out . janet oh ... pause CUT to 22 ext . road night a bolt of lighting strike a tree . CUT to 23 int . car night brad you would better sit here and keep warm while I go for help . janet but where will you go ? we be in the middle of nowhere . brad do not we pass a castle back down the road a few mile ? maybe they have a telephone I might use . he unbuckle he seatbelt . janet I be come with you . brad there 's no point both of we get wet . janet I be come with you . ( she unbuckle she seatbelt ) besides , darling , the owner of the phone might be a beautiful woman and you may never come back . brad laugh . a thunderclap . music commence and she alight from the car and follow he , newspaper over she head . CUT to 24 ext . road night song : " over at the frankenstein place " the rain pour off the newspaper down janet 's face . she walk along , catch up with brad . she sing plaintively . janet in the velvet darkness of the blackest night Burning bright . we see the two of they - brad stride ahead , janet nearly catch up with he . behind they on the side of the road , sparse tree and rock formation . janet there 's a guide star no matter what or who you be . they have pass a row of tree . a rock formation in the shape of a castle be silhouett against the sky . it have a flag fly from the turret . lightn strike . a glow of light appear in a window . it illuminate a path to the castle . brad and janet turn . the castle be in the distance between the two of they . brad &amp ; janet there 's a light the castle loom in the distance . phantom voice over at the frankenstein place . brad stare hard . brad there 's a light . the castle loom closer . phantom voice Burning in the fireplace . janet ( look to Brad ) there 's a light , a light in the darkness of everybody 's life take janet by the hand , brad move off the roadway towards the house . brad I can see the flag fly I can see the rain just the same there have get to be something better here for you and I . lighting strike . janet jump towards brad . brad &amp ; janet there 's a light . the castle seem to move forward . phantom voice Burning in the fireplace . brad there 's a light . CUT to 25 ext . castle driveway night a motorcycle convoy roar by revealing a hide road to the castle . brad a light in the darkness of everybody 's life . the convoy drive up and disappear into a secret entrance in the rock . CUT to 26 ext . castle facade night we see a cell - like window near a massive light window . a torture face appear squinting into the darkness . riff raff the darkness must go down the river of night dream Flow morphia slow let the sun and light come stream into my life . CUT to 27 ext . sky night lightn strike . CUT to 28 castle facade night riff raff move to the light window where he hunchback shape become a giant shadow . riff raff into my life . CUT to 29 ext . castle drive night brad and janet start move down the driveway . brad &amp ; janet there 's a light . CUT to 30 castle facade night shadow turn in the window . phantom voice over at the frankenstein place . CUT to 31 ext . castle drive night brad and janet approach the gateway to the castle . brad &amp ; janet there 's a light . CUT to 32 castle facade night the shadow slowly cover the whole window . phantom voice Burning in the fireplace . CUT to 33 ext . castle drive night phantom voice there 's a light , a light . brad and janet be at the gate . there be a rusted sign . brad &amp ; janet in the darkness of everybody 's life . a bolt of lighting illuminate the sign which read : frank n. furter - scientist . wipe to 34 int . study night the narrator be in he armchair . he lean forward with some urgency . narrator and so it seem that fortune have smile on Brad and Janet and that they have find the assistance that they plight require - or have they ? thunderclap . wipe to 35 ext . front door of the castle night brad ring the doorbell . it make a strange sound . janet oh , Brad . let 's go back . I be cold and I be frighten . brad just a moment , Janet . they may have a telephone . the door open . throb music be hear in the background as if there be a party go on in the distance . the figure we have see at the window emerge . he be a hunch - back servant , riff raff . riff raff hello . brad uh - oh - hi! my name be Brad major . and this be my fiancee , Janet Weiss . I - ah - wonder if you could help we . we car have break down about two mile up the road . do you have a phone we might use ? riff raff you be wet . janet yes , the rain have be very heavy . brad yes . riff raff yes . 36 ext . castle night a bolt of lighting illuminate a row of vehicle park by the castle . 37 ext . front door of castle night brad see they and react with surprise . riff raff realise brad have see they . riff raff I think you have better both come inside . janet you be too kind . they enter apprehensively . dissolve 38 int . stairway night riff raff lead they down a stairway and beckon they to follow . the music have become louder . janet ( sotto voce ) oh Brad , I be frighten . what kind of place be this ? brad ( sotto voce ) oh , it 's probably some kind of hunt lodge for rich weirdo . CUT to 39 int . hallway night they arrive at a hallway at the bottom of the stair . another servant , magenta , who bear a strike physical resemblance to riff raff be vacuume the stair . riff raff this way . janet step over the vacuum lead . janet be you - give a party ? riff raff no . you have arrive on a rather special night . it 's one of the master 's affair . janet oh , lucky he . magenta he 's lucky . brad and janet look at magenta , surprised by she voice . magenta you be lucky , I be lucky , we be all lucky . 40 song : " the time warp " brad and janet be rather unnerve by this outburst from the domestic . they look back to riff raff . he be now stand by a set of mirror reflect to infinity . riff raff it 's astounding time be fleeting madness take its toll but listen closely not for very much longer I have get to keep control . magenta give riff raff a strange signal . riff raff start to dance in a extraordinary fashion . riff raff I remember do the time warp . brad and janet be amaze . riff raff drink that moment when the blackness would hit I . magenta half close she eye in pleasure . janet cling to brad . riff raff and the void would be call . riff raff open a set of double door mark ballroom . 41 int . ballroom night brad and janet find themselves on a balcony of a huge black and silver ballroom . at the furthest end be a throne - like chair and , surround it , a theatre proscenium . in the body of the room be guest . they be the people brad and janet pass on the road . they be the transylvanian secret Agents - assemble on this special occasion from all over the earth . it be the annual transylvanian Convention - announce by a official banner suspend over the ballroom . they be all dress in strange but elegant evening wear . they be a distort version of the guest from the Denton wedding . a party spirit prevail , they throw they arm out in a plea to riff raff on the balcony . guest let 's do the time warp again . janet fall into brad 's arm . riff raff be ecstatic . brad revive janet . guest ( repeat action ) let 's do the time warp again . janet faint again . CUT to 42 int . study night the narrator move from he desk to the wall behind he . he pull down a chart with illustrate dance step on it . he gesture to the appropriate section of the diagram with the pointer . narrator it 's just a jump to the leave . wipe to 43 int . ballroom night the guest leap to the leave in one giant step . guest ( dance ) and a step to the right - right - right - right - right . wipe to 44 int . study night narrator point to next step on the chart . narrator with you hand on you hip . wipe to 45 int . ballroom night all guest have hand on hip . guest you bring you knee in tight . but it 's the pelvic thrust . the row of guest open out with pelvic thrust . guest ( cont ) they really drive you insane . we see they from the balcony and they open out in formation . guest ( cont ) let 's do the time warp again . janet revive . the guest re-form . guest let 's do the time warp again . brad and janet make a run out the door . CUT to 46 int . stairway night they collide with magenta who have block off the corridor with she vacuum . she sing with menace , wave the cleaner hose dangerously . magenta it 's so dreamy oh , fantasy free I so you can not see I no not at all . brad and janet look at each other in alarm . in another dimension . ( she force they back towards balcony ) with voyeuristic intention . brad blushes . well secluded I see all with a bit of a mind flip you be into the time slip nothing will ever seem the same . they be back at the balcony . you be space out on sensation . they be at the edge of the balcony . like you be under sedation . they force brad and janet into the ballroom proper . the guest turn on they . guest let 's do the time warp again . brad and janet be completely dismay . guest let 's do the time warp again . columbia , a young girl , be the household groupie . she sing with the band at the end of the ballroom . CUT to 47 int . bandstand night columbia well I be walk down the street just have a think when a snake of a guy gave I a evil wink . well it shook I up it take I by surprise he have a pick - up truck and the devil 's eye he stare at I and I feel a change time mean nothing never would again . CUT to 48 int . ballroom night guest let 's do the time warp again . brad and janet be reeling . guest let 's do the time warp again . CUT to 49 int . study night narrator . he have now become rather involved in the dance and be stand on the blotter on the top of he desk . narrator it 's just a jump to the leave . he jump to the leave . wipe to 50 int . ballroom night guest and then a step to the right . the guest take one . wipe to 51 int . study night the narrator dance on the desk . narrator with you hand on you hip . wipe to 52 int . ballroom night guest you bring you knee in tight . overhead travelling shot . but it 's the pelvic thrust . low travelling shot between they leg . that really drive you insane . let 's do the time warp again . everyone reverse direction . let 's do the time warp again . all the guest fall to the floor like fly exhaust . CUT to 53 int . balcony / hallway night janet oh .... say something . brad say ! do any of you guy know the madison ? no one laugh . guest turn nasty . 53a int . hall / lift night brad and janet retreat to the hall . behind they a lift slowly descend bear a figure in a black cloak and a diamante stiletto heel - beat time to a rhythm the band have start play . janet Brad , please let get out of here . brad for God 's sake keep a grip on yourself Janet . janet but it seem so unhealthy here . brad it 's just a..a party Janet . janet well I want to leave . brad we can not go anywhere until I get to a phone . janet then ask the butler - or someone . brad let 's wait awhile Janet . we do not want to interfere with they celebration . janet this be not the junior chamber of commerce Brad . brad they be probably foreigner with way different from we own . - they may do some more folk dance . janet Brad - I be cold , I be wet , and plain scared . brad I be here , there 's nothing to worry about . guest rise , stare mesmerise at the lift . janet see the shoe , look up at the face of its owner . janet faint . -------------------------------------------- go to colour at beginning of following scene -------------------------------------------- 54 int . lift / hall night the figure turn and throw open lift cage door . as camera zoom in to the death mask above they the film change from black and white to colour . however the only colour in evidence be the red lipstick on the mouth of they host . song : " sweet transvestite " frank how do you do . I see you have meet my faithful handyman . he 's a little bring down - because when you knock he think you be the candyman . riff raff scowl . 54a int . ballroom night frank do not get strung out by the way that I look . frank stride across the ballroom to the throne . frank do not judge a book by its cover I be not much of a man by the light of day but by night I be one hell of a lover . janet give a silent scream . frank let the cloak fall onto the throne , which reveal he transvestite attire . the guest scream with delight . frank I be just a sweet transvestite from transexual transylvania . he slowly move back to brad and janet , do leg kick . let I show you around , maybe play you a sound you look like you be both pretty groovie . he circle they and force they into the ballroom . or if you want something visual not too abysmal we could take in a old Steve reeves movie . brad clumsily attempt to circle around frank . frank meanwhile ignore he and greet he other guest . brad I be glad we catch you at home ah - could we use you phone we be both in a bit of a hurry . janet join brad . janet right ! brad we will just say where we be then go back to the car we do not want to be any worry . frank turn on they . frank you get catch with a flat well how about that well baby do not you panic by the light of the night it will seem alright I will get you a satanic mechanic . frank turn he back on brad and janet and split the rank of he guest , depart for the other end of the ballroom . streamer fall . frank I be just a sweet transvestite from transexual transylvania . from the throne he gesture towards brad and janet rather slowly over the next verse . frank why dont ' cha stay for the night riff &amp ; magenta " night " or maybe a bite riff &amp ; magenta " bite " I could show you my favourite obsession I have be make a man with blonde hair and a tan and he 's good for relieving my tension . we view from overhead as the guest surround he adoringly . frank I be just a sweet transvestite from transexual transylvania . frank storm down the ballroom to the lift . I be just a sweet transvestite . guest " sweet transvestite " frank from transexual transylvania . guest " transylvania " 55 int . lift area frank so come up to the Lab . CUT to 56 chord : subliminal flash - laboratory CUT to 57 int . lift area frank ( cont ) and see what 's on the slab . CUT to 58 chord : subliminal flash - rocky's birth in the laboratory CUT to 59 int . lift area frank ( cont ) I see you shiver with anticipation CUT to 60 chord : subliminal flash of love making CUT to 61 int . lift area frank ( cont ) but maybe the rain CUT to 62 chord : flash - the car and the windscreen wiper CUT to 63 int . lift area frank ( cont ) be really to blame CUT to 64 chord : subliminal flash - the wedding CUT to 65 int . lift area frank ( cont ) so I will remove the cause but not the symptom CUT to 66 chord : subliminal flash - the explosion CUT to 67 int . ballroom night on the last chord the lift have disappear . the guest applaud ecstatically . riff raff and magenta close in on brad and janet . they remove brad and janet 's wet clothes . columbia move down from the bandstand and cross to brad and janet . she witness the undress . columbia slowly , slowly . it 's too nice a job to rush . the guest moan softly as each piece of clothing be remove . brad and janet stand shiver in they underwear . there be complete silence . the guest and servant be motionless . brad and janet be the total object of they attention . CUT to 68 int . hall / lift night janet oh Brad . brad ( confidentially ) it 's alright Janet , we will play along for now and pull out the ace when the time be right . he turn to columbia who have be stare at he underpant . brad ah , hi . my name be Brad major and this be my fiancee , Janet Weiss . you be ... columbia you be very lucky to be invite up to Frank 's laboratory . some people would give they right arm for the privilege . riff raff have open the cage door to the lift . the guest rush for position . brad people like you maybe columbia I have see it . columbia escort they to the lift . riff raff throw two guest to the floor to make room for they . he slam the cage door . the two discard guest cry and claw at the cage door as the lift move off under riff raff 's control . brad and janet be squash , arm by they side . they stare straight ahead . janet ( to magenta ) it he - Frank - be he you husband ? General amusement . riff raff the master be not yet marry . nor do I think he ever will be . we be simply he servant . janet oh . the lift grind to a halt . they have arrive at the laboratory . CUT to 69 int . laboratory night the laboratory be somewhere between a student observation operate theatre and a Greek gymnasium . it be pink -tile throughout , face the lift entrance be a circular area contain a tank on pedestal which though screen at this stage will be reveal to contain the body of rocky submerge in chemical , the wall to one side contain a raise dias area for the guest , and face one end of the tank , the operational control , monitor and a giant refrigerator . a chandelier hang above the tank . on the podium in front of Frank 's chamber there be a stand microphone . near the podium be some weight . behind the tank be a vaulting horse . this be wrap in sellophane - Rocky 's present . the guest be wait as the lift arrive . frank , now in surgeon 's outfit stand in the middle of the room . riff raff get out of the lift first , with a glass of champagne which he hand to frank . frank magenta , Columbia , go and assist riff raff . as he speak she name each one step forward out of the lift . they cross to riff raff behind the tank . frank I will entertain ...ah ... brad &amp ; janet step out of the lift . brad I be Brad major and this be my fiancee , Janet vice . janet Weiss . brad Weiss . frank ( take Janet 's hand to kiss ) encante .... how nice . ( he circle they ) and what charming underclothes you both have . ( he take two dust coat from riff raff and hand they to Brad ) . but here , put this on . they will make you feel less vulnerable . magenta &amp ; columbia cross to the podium . frank ( continue ) it 's not often we receive visitor here . let alone offer they hospitality . brad ( move towards Frank ) hospitality ! all we want to do be use you telephone . a reasonable request which you have choose to ignore . janet ( hurring after Brad ) do not be ungrateful Brad . brad ( stepping closer to Frank ) ungrateful ! the room fall silent . all eye be on frank , wait for he reaction . a smile break on he face . frank how forceful you be Brad . such a perfect specimen of manhood . so dominant . magenta &amp ; columbia laugh . you must be awfully proud of he Janet . janet well , yes I be . the guest oh and ah appreciatively , brad laugh , a little embarass . frank do you have any tattoo Brad . brad certainly not ! frank oh well . how about you . ( he laugh ) riff raff have approach behind frank , loom over he shoulder . riff raff everything be in readiness , master . we merely await you word . frank drink he champagne then hand riff raff the empty glass . riff raff go to the control panel and frank to the podium frank tonight ... one , one , one . can you hear I at the back ? tonight , my unconventional conventionist . magenta , columbia and guest laugh politely . frank tonight you be to witness a breakthrough in biochemical research . there be a gasp from columbia , magenta and guest . frank and paradise be to be mine . guest and everybody applaud . janet clap too , but brad indicate that she should not . frank it be strange the way it happen . one of that quirk of fate really . one of that moment when you seem irredeemably lose : you panic ; you be trap ; you back 's against the wall . there 's no way out , and then suddenly , you get a break . ( he crack the bone in he hand ) all the piece seem to fit into place . what a sucker you 'r be . what a fool . the answer be there all the time . it take a small accident to make it happen . a accident ! magenta &amp ; columbia step forward one each side of he . magenta &amp ; columbia ( softly ) a accident . frank that 's how I discover the secret . that elusive ingredient , that spark that be the breath of life . guest applaud . frank ( move to tank ) you see , Brad and Janet , you be fortunate . for tonight be the night that my beautiful creature be destine to be bear . everybody applaud . frank then pull the cover from the tank . riff raff be at the control panel . 70 int . laboratory night the tank be reveal . there be something inside it be immerse in clear fluid . the guest be astonished . frank throw open the switch on the sonic oscillator . riff raff flick the switch to activate the oscilloscope in the panel . frank and step up the reactor power input three more point . riff raff press a button three time then begin to unwind a wheel . frank watch excitedly from behind the tank as the chandelier be lower . it spurt different coloured liquid into the tank . the liquid bubble and change colour . the thing inside begin to look like a human form . janet Brad ... brad it 's alright Janet . the liquid drain away . the form begin to move . frank climb the ladder at one end of the tank , riff raff the other . rocky horror sit up , raise he arm , finally stand upright with both arm outstretch . riff raff remove the bandage from rocky 's head . rocky look at riff raff then at frank . with a gasp he leap for the chandelier above . at the same time riff raff be down the ladder make for the handle . he wind up the chandelier and rocky . 71 int . the laboratory night song : the sword of damocles . rocky horror with only he head unbandage , be hang on to the chandelier which riff raff be wind upwards . rocky the sword of damocle be hanging over my head . frank run down the ladder and kick riff raff who start to lower the chandelier . frank climb up the other step to meet he creation come down . magenta &amp ; columbia cross to the tank . rocky and I have get the feel someone 's go to be cut the thread . oh , woe be I . my life be a misery . oh , can not you see that I be at the start of a pretty big downer .... as rocky get level with he , frank lunge for he but land inside the tank .... because ... rocky simultaneously abandon the chandelier , land between magenta and columbia who now each have a pair of scissors with which they will snip he arm and leg bandage . rocky I wake up this morning with a start when I fall out of bed . guest ( inc. riff , magenta &amp ; Columbia ) that be not no crime . rocky and leave from my dream be a feel of un - nameable dread . guest that be not no crime rocky my high be low . I be dress up with no place to go . and all I know be I be at the start of a pretty big downer . frank , in the tank behind rocky , put he arm round rocky 's neck . rocky spin away . magenta and columbia hang on to one end of he chest bandage so that it undoe as he go . guest ( inc . riff raff , magenta &amp ; columbia ) sha la la la that be not no crime . rocky oh , no no , no no . guest sha la la la that be not no crime . rocky no no no , no no . guest sha la la la that be not no crime - that be not no crime . rocky be now unbandage . he strike a pose . during the last sequence , frank climb out of the tank onto riff raff shoulder and purse rocky , but they fall . 72 int . study night narrator read from book . narrator Rocky need peace of mind . he do not know he be do just fine . he be the product of another time . and as for feel down - well that 's not a crime . 73 int . laboratory night frank and riff raff be recover from they fall . rocky make a circuit of the guest . guest ( riff , magenta &amp ; Columbia ) that be not no crime . rocky ( to first group of guest ) the sword of damocle be hanging over my head . guest that be not no crime . rocky ( to second group ) and I have get the feel someone 's go to be cut the thread . guest that be not no crime . rocky ( to third group ) oh , woe be I - my life be a mystery . ( to fourth group ) oh can not you see that I be at the start of a pretty big downer . rocky set off at a run as frank loom up again . ( frank be chase rocky round the lab . ) guest sha la la la that be not no crime . rocky oh no no no no . guest sha la la la that be not no crime . rocky no no no no . guest sha la la la that be not no crime . that be not no crime . guest sha la la la that be not no crime . rocky no no no no . guest sha la la la that be not no crime . rocky no no no no . guest sha la la la that be not no crime - that be not no crime . at the end of number , rocky have climb up the ladder attach to the end of the tank nearest the bridal chamber and frank be in a heap below . riff raff be behind the tank and magenta and columbia in they position in front of it . 74 int . laboratory night frank pick himself up . rocky be sit at the top of the ladder above he , with he perfect limb near Frank 's face . frank well . that 's no way to behave on you first day out . rocky look hurt . but as you be such a exceptional beauty I be prepare to forgive . frank cross behind rocky to stand next to riff raff behind the tank . I just love success . riff raff ( edging up to Frank ) he be a credit to you genius , master . frank yes . magenta ( move to tank from control ) a triumph of you vill . frank yes . columbia ( who be on opposite side of tank ) he 's o.k. frank o.k ? ( move out behind tank towards Janet and Brad ) I think we can do a little better than that . you . ( to Janet ) what do you think ? janet well . ( she look at Brad ) I do not like man with ...er , with too many , muscle . frank I do not make he for you janet nod hastily . frank move towards microphone . he carry the Charles atlas seal of approval .... and he do not even take the lesson . 74a int . laboratory night song : charle atlas ( pt. 1 ) as frank start to sing , magenta &amp ; riff raff collect one of rocky 's present , the vaulting horse , and place it in front of the podium . columbia lead rocky down from the ladder . frank a weakling weigh ninety eight pound will get sand in he face when kick to the ground . and soon in the gym ( rocky sit on horse ) with a determine chin the sweat from he pore as he work for he ca-ha-hause magenta &amp ; riff raff now bring the weight . frank will make he glisten - thank you - and gleam . and with massage and just a little bit of ste-he-he-he-hem ... ( laugh ) he will be pink . and quite clean . frank he will be a strong man - oh honey - guest , riff , magenta &amp ; columbia &amp ; frank . but the wrong man . frank he will eat nutritious high protein and swallow raw egg . try to build up he shoulder , his chest , arm and leg . such a effort - if he only know of my plan . in just seven day , guest , riff , magenta &amp ; columbia &amp ; frank I can make you a ma-aa -a-a- a rocky throw down the weight and begin press up . frank he will do press-up and chin-up , do the snatch , clean and jerk . frank cross to janet &amp ; brad he think dynamic tension must be hard work . such strenuous live I just do not understand . frank move back to rocky who be still press up . when , in just seven day - oh baby ... ( rocky jump up . ) I can make you a mar -a-a-a- a ... ( laugh ) . 75 int . laboratory : refrigerator night the large refrigeration unit door slowly open , fall like a drawbridge . Inside be a wall of ice and many cocacola bottle . through this burst a icy eddie riding a harley davidson motor bike , ex World War ii , hold a Gibson guitar . several guest be crush to death . columbia Eddie ! eddie stay cool baby . janet who 's Eddie ? riff raff the delivery boy . magenta his delivery be not good enough though . rocky look terrify . janet have faint yet again . eddie come to life . 76 song : " what ever happened to saturday night " eddie whatever happen to Saturday night when you dress up sharp and you feel alright it do not seem the same since cosmic light come into my life and I think I be divine . columbia leap on to the pillion seat . I use to go for a ride with a chick who would go and listen to the music on the radio . the motorcyclist guest remember only too well . a saxophone be blow on a rock and roll show and we climb in the back and we really have a good time columbia rush to the switchboard , flick a lighting switch and all the light above the stair start change colour . the guest go crazy and rock and roll all over the staircase . columbia dance with eddie . even riff raff and magenta step it out . all hot patootie bless my soul I really love that rock and roll ( four time ) eddie ( more confident , less freeze ) leap onto the motorbike in a leg apart guitar strumm pose . frank be get furious . rocky be perplex . eddie my head use to swim from the perfume I smell . my hand kind of fumble with she white plastic belt . I would taster she baby pink lipstick , and that 's when I would melt . and she would whisper in my ear , tonight she really be mine . get back in front and put some hair oil on . buddy Holly be sing his very last song . with you arm around you girl you try to - ah - sing along it feel pretty good , whoo . really have a good ti-i-ime . eddie slip onto the pedal start the bike . he take off and roar round the laboratory , even riding up and down the wall . all hot patootie bless my soul . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie bless my soul . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie bless my soul . you know I love that rock and roll . hot patootie bless my soul . I really love that rock and roll . 4 bar instrumental ( saxophone ) frank steal towards the fridge where he collect a ice pick , innocently . all eddie hot patootie hot patootie - bless my soul . bless my so-o-oul . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie bless my soul . I love that rock &amp ; roll . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie ... bless my soul . I love that rock &amp ; roll . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie ... bless my soul . bless my so-o-oul . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie .. bless my soul . I really love that rock &amp ; roll . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie ... bless my soul . bless my so-o-ooouul . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie bless my soul . I love that rock &amp ; roll . I really love that rock and roll . hot patootie hot patootie bless my soul . I love-a-love-a-love-a I really love that rock and roll . that rock and roo -ahoul ! on the last chorus frank rush to eddie with the ice pick , in a dement fury . the guest be unbely . columbia cover she face with she hand . eddie be dead . frank walk away from he body unconcern . janet scream and scream . 77 int . lab night dialogue sequence magenta be very bored and pick up ice cube and place they in the ice bucket . frank one from the vault . riff raff drag eddie 's dismember body back into the fridge . and so perish all that who reject my love ! rocky cower in terror . oh no , my little adonis - you be much too beautiful to be destroy . he have a certain naive charm - but no muscle . rocky flexe . frank be thrilled . 78 int . laboratory night frank but a deltoid and a bicep , a hot groin and a tricep make I - ooh - shake . make I want to take Charles atlas by the ha -and . in just seven day - oh baby - guest , riff raff , magenta &amp ; columbia &amp ; frank I can make you a ma-ha-ha-ha-haan . I do not want no dissension just dynamic tension . in just seven day I can make you a ma-ha-ha-ha-haan . in just seven day I can make you a ma-ha-ha-ha-haaan . CUT to 79 int . bridal suite night riff raff press a button and a wall open revealing a bridal suite do out in black silk . the guest shout they approval . the end of the song turn into mendelssohn 's wedding march and frank lead rocky to he bridal chamber . the guest throw confetti . brad and janet look at each other in amazement . wipe to 80 int . study night narrator there be some people who say that life be a illusion , and that reality be simply a figment of we imagination ! if this be so , then Brad and Janet be quite safe . however , the sudden departure of they host and he creation ( into the seclusion of he sombre bridal suite ) have leave they feel both apprehensive and uneasy . a feel which grow as the other guest ' depart ' and ' they ' be show to they separate room . wipe to 81 int . janet' room ( red filter ) night janet look lose . she sit on the end of the bed . CUT to 82 int . brad be room ( blue filter ) night brad look lose . he examine the tv monitor . 83 int . laboratory night riff raff and magenta by the monitor . they switch from channel to channel . we see brad look at the tv monitor . and janet sit on the end of the bed . janet lie back on the bed and switch off she bedside lamp . riff raff and magenta smile at each other . CUT to 84 int . janet' room ( red filter ) night only a soft glow of moonlight from a bar window . on the netting round she bed . there be a knock at the door . janet sit P. janet who be it ? who 's there ? brad 's voice from behind the door . brad' voice it 's only I , Janet . she relax . janet oh , Brad , come in , darling . a silhouette enter and cross to the bed . it move onto the bed behind the net curtain . janet oh Brad - mmmm - oh yes , my darling - what if ... brad it 's alright Janet . everything 's go to be alright . janet oh , I hope so my darling . but let I switch on the light . brad no , do not do that . janet oh do not be so shy . she switch on the light to reveal frank . janet you ! frank sit up . frank I be afraid so , Janet . but be not it nice ? janet beat he chest with she clench fist . janet you beast , you monster , what have you do with Brad ? frank nothing . why , do you think I should ? janet you trick I - I would not have - I have never - never frank I know . but it be not all bad be it ? in fact , I think you find it quite pleasurable . mmmmm so soft , so sensual . he re-commence make love to she . janet oh - oh - no - stop - I mean help . I - Brad - oh. ( she shout ) Brad . frank place a finger on she lip . frank ssssh . Brad 's probably asleep by now . do you want he to see you like this ? janet like this - like how ? it 's you fault . you be to blame . ( pause ) I be save myself . frank well , I be sure you be not spend yet . he switch off the light . CUT to 85 int . laboratory night riff raff and magenta stare intently at the screen . they smile at each other . CUT to 86 int . janet' room ( red filter ) night silhouette of frank and janet make love . janet promise you will not tell Brad . frank Cross my heart and hope to die . janet squeal with excitement . dissolve to 87 int . bridal suite adjoining laboratory night we see rocky chain to the bed sleep . in the background riff raff and magenta in laboratory . rocky stir and make a sound . riff raff walk across to the door and stare at the sleep body . his eye be full of hate . he look at magenta . she nod to he . he release the chain . rocky stir . riff raff pick up a candelabra from the bedside table and taunt rocky . rocky jump out of the bed , terrify . riff raff push the candelabra in he face . rocky crash through the laboratory and escape . riff raff turn to magenta who be now stand in the doorway . riff raff put down the candelabra and they exchange a strange sign . dissolve to 88 int . brad' room ( blue filter ) night a knock at the door . brad open it cautiously . a shadowy figure move across the room to the bed . janet' voice ( distraught ) oh Brad , it 's no good here . it will destroy we . brad take she hand . brad do not worry Janet , we will be away from here in the morning . hmmmm , you smell so good . he gently lay she down on the bed and attempt to caress she . janet oh Brad . oh no . not till after the wedding , darling . brad sit up . brad alright , Janet . I understand . the shadow roll over . janet maybe we could try it this way . brad ( surprised ) Janet ! oh ! yes it 's alright . Janet . everything 's go to be alright . janet I hope so my darling . brad reach out to the light . no , do not put on the l ... brad switch on the bedside lamp a realise he be make love to frank wear a janet wig . brad you ! frank I be afraid so , Brad . but be not it nice ? brad grab frank around the throat . brad why you - what have you do with Janet ? frank nothing . why do you think I should ? brad let he go and turn away humiliate . brad you trick I . I would not have - I have never - never . frank I know , but it be not all bad be it ? I think you find it quite pleasurable . ( he caress Brad ) oh so soft . so sensual . brad ahhh - no - stop - I mean janet. ( shout ) Janet . frank shush . Janet 's probably asleep by now . do you want she to see you like this ? brad like this . ( throw Frank aside ) like how ? it 's you fault - you be to blame . I think it be the real thing . frank oh come on , Brad , admit it . it be enjoyable , be not it ? there 's no crime in give yourself over to pleasure . frank ( switch off light ) oh Brad , you have waste so much time already . Janet need not know , I will not tell she . brad you promise you will not tell ? frank on my mother 's grave . suddenly the shadow be illuminate by the monitor as a image of riff raff appear on the screen above the bed . 89 tv monitor riff raff master , Rocky have break he chain and vanish . the new playmate be loose and in the castle ground . magenta have just release the dog . 90 fran's silhouette through net curtain . frank be get carry away . frank I be come . 91 ext . castle ground . night . a shot of pack of huge alsation careere around the castle grounds . they be chase a bewilder Rocky . wipe to . 92 int . janet' room ( red filter ) night janet be lie on the bed pose in the style of a " true romance " comic heroine . janet what 's happen here ? where 's Brad ? where 's anybody ? wipe to 92a int . brad' room ( blue filter ) night brad be pose in the style of a " true romance " comic hero . he be nervous and smoking . behind he frank be asleep on the bed . brad once in a while she do not want to call you speak on the telephone once in you life she will not want to know you you look around the one you have find she be go . wipe to 92b int . janet' room ( red filter ) night janet be sit on the end of the bed . janet I be engage to Brad just the same as Betty Monroe be to Ralph hapschatt . but Frank 's kiss overwhelm I with a ecstacy I have never dreamt of before . hot , burn kiss . wipe to 92c int . brad' room ( blue filter ) night brad and that 's all the time that it take for a heart to turn to stone the sweeter the wine the harder to make the break you hear something about someone you would think you would know . wipe to 92d int . janet' room ( red filter ) night janet be at the door . janet I could see Brad 's face before I and my mind scream no ! but my lip be hungry - too hungry . wipe to 92e int . brad' room ( blue filter ) night brad so baby do not cry like there 's no tomorrow after the night there 's a brand new day . and there will be no pain and no more sorrow . so wash you face and phone my place it will be o.k . wipe to 92f int . corridor ( red filter - oakley court ) night janet I want to be love completely . my body throbbed excitedly . oh Brad , Brad my darling , how could I have do this to you ? wipe to 92g int . brad' room ( blue filter ) night brad and that 's all the time that it take for a heart to beat again . so give I a sign that a lover make you look around the one you have find be back again . wipe to 92h int . laboratory night janet if only we have not make this journey . if only the car have not break down . if only we be amongst friend or sane person . wipe to 93 int . study night the narrator be lean back in he armchair , cool and considerate . narrator " if " and " only " , two small word . word which keep repeat themselves again and again in Janet 's thought . but it be too late to go back now . it be as if she be riding a giant tidal wave . it would be folly to fight against it . her only chance would be to ride it out - adapt - and perhaps also to survive . wipe to 94 int . laboratory night janet be pace around the tank which be cover by a cloth . she become aware of the sound of someone cry inside . she pull the cloth back to reveal rocky lie in the tank - exhaust and bleed . rocky horror look miserable . janet yes . there you see it 's instinctive . this room be you womb . you return here for one thing - security . janet cross to the tv monitor . janet oh Brad ! what have they do with he ? CUT to 95 tv monitor she switch on the monitor . she change the channel on the monitor get various empty room in the castle . occasional shot of alsatian dog . till finally she switch into brad 's bedroom and see brad sit on the end of the bed and frank lie asleep on the bed . CUT to 96 int . laboratory night janet ahhh ! rocky smile helplessly . janet move away from the monitor and back to rocky . janet oh Brad . how could you ? ( she see Rocky 's wound ) oh , but you be hurt . do they do this to you ? rocky nod . janet here , lie down . I will dress you wound . rocky smile at janet . a new expression cross she face . wipe to 97 int . study night narrator ( read from a dictionary ) " emotion " . mental agitation - a excited state of . ( he look up ) it be also a irrational and powerful master and from what Janet have witness on the monitor , there seem to be little doubt that she be indeed its slave . wipe to 98 int . columbia' room night columbia and magenta be watch the monitor . columbia &amp ; magenta tell we about it , Janet . they giggle . CUT to 99 int . laboratory night song : " touch a touch I " rocky be lie on the operate table . janet be dabbing he wound . janet I be feel do in could not win I would only ever kiss before CUT to 100 int . columbia' room night columbia and magenta . columbia ( to magenta ) you mean she only ever kiss ? CUT to 101 int . laboratory night janet rip off a piece of she petticoat for a bandage . janet I think there 's no use get into heavy petting . she rip off another piece of she petticoat . it only lead to trouble and seat wetting . janet rip another piece off she fast vanish petticoat . during the next verse she bandage rocky . janet now all I want to know be how to go I have taste blood and I want more I will put up no resistance I want to stay the distance I have get a itch to scratch and I need assistance . janet grab rocky 's hand and place they on she . janet touch -a touch -a touch -a touch I . I wanna be dirty . thrill I , chill I , fulfil I . creature of the night . then if anything grow ( she laugh ) while you pose , I will oil you up and rub you down riff raff , magenta , columbia down , down down . janet and that 's just one small fraction of the main attraction you need a friendly hand . oh , and I need action . touch - a touch -a touch - a , touch I . I wanna be dirty . thrill I , chil I , fulfil I . creature of the night . 102 int . columbia' room columbia &amp ; magenta be watch the tv relay of rocky &amp ; janet . they be amused by janet be inexperience , parody she as they sing . columbia touch -a touch -a touch - a , touch I . magenta I wanna be dirty . columbia thrill I , chill I , fulfil I . magenta creature of the night . 103 int . laboratory night janet oh , touch - a touch - a touch - a touch I . I wanna be dirty . thrill I chill I , fulfil I - oh - creature of the night . creature of the ni-i-ight . we see janet 's p.o.v. of all the character sing the last line : rocky creature of the night . 103a b.c.s. brad brad creature of the night . 103b b.c.s. frank frank creature of the night . 103c b.c.s. columbia columbia creature of the night . 103d b.c.s. riff raff riff raff creature of the night . 103e b.c.s. magenta magenta creature of the night . 103f b.c.s. rocky rocky creature of the night . 103g b.c.s. janet janet creature of the night . oh. 104 int . columbia' room night columbia &amp ; magenta 's reaction . 105 int . laboratory night janet &amp ; rocky in each other 's arm hear another scream in the distance . 106 int . corridor outside laboratory night frank be chase riff raff with a whip . brad be follow . riff raff rush into the lift and press the button desperately but frank follow he and so do brad . we see the lift descend . 107 int . laboratory . night riff raff slide across the laboratory floor escape frank 's whip . riff raff aaaargh ! mercy . frank how do it happen ? I understand you be to be watch . riff raff get to he foot keep a careful eye on the whip hand . riff raff I be only away for a minute master . frank well , see if you can find he on the monitor . CUT to 108 tv monitor riff raff switch channel on the monitor . a image of a middle - age professorial man in a wheelchair appear . the man be outside the castle , peer around the tree stealthily . CUT to 109 int . laboratory night riff raff master , we have a visitor . CUT to 110 tv monitor frank and brad crowd around the monitor . CUT to 111 int . laboratory night brad great scott - scotty - Dr Everett Scott . riff raff you know this earth - this person . brad I most certainly do . he happen to be a old friend of mine . frank I see . so this be not simply a chance meeting . you come here with a purpose . brad I tell you , my car break down . CUT to 112 tv monitor on the monitor the stranger look very shifty . CUT to 113 int . laboratory night frank look brad hard in the eye . brad I be tell the truth . frank I know what you tell I , Brad . but this Dr Everett Scott . his name be not unknown to I . brad he be a Science teacher at Denton High . frank and now he work for you government , do not he , Brad ? he 's attach to the Bureau of investigation of that which you call u.f.o 's . be not he , Brad ? brad he might be . I do not know . frank hmmmm . he will be in the Zen room . CUT to 114 tv monitor dr scott be indeed in the Zen room . CUT to 115 int . laboratory night frank well , let 's ask he . frank throw a switch mark " triple contact electro magnet " . CUT to 116 ext / int . various locale night we see dr scott 's wheelchair scream through corridor , room and door and end up clamp to the electro magnet in the laboratory . CUT to 117 int . laboratory night brad be amaze . brad Dr. Scott ! dr everett scott be even more amaze . dr scott Brad ! what be you do here ? frank release the electro magnet . the wheelchair hit the floor . frank do not play game , Dr Scott . you know very well what Brad major 's do here . it be part of you plan be it not that he , and he female , should check the layout for you . well , unfortunately for you all there 's to be a change of plan . I be sure you be adaptable , Dr Scott . I know Brad be . brad look embarrassed and humiliate . dr scott I can assure you that Brad 's presence come as a complete surprise to I . I come to find Eddie . brad Eddie ? I have see he . he 's ... frank cut in quickly . frank Eddie ? what do you know of Eddie , Dr Scott ? dr scott I happen to know a great deal about a lot of thing . you see Eddie happen to be my nephew . brad Dr Scott . a stifle gasp be hear from janet behind the curtain . frank be surprised . frank cross the screen and pull back the curtain to reveal janet and rocky . dr scott Janet ! janet Dr Scott ! brad Janet ! frank Rocky ! rocky revile frank with a look . he put he arm around janet . frank be appal . frank listen ! I make you , and I can break you just as easily . rocky be terrify . he take he arm away from janet . frank that 's better . a go be hear . magenta come through the break tile . magenta master , dinner be prepare . frank &amp ; riff raff exchange a look . frank excellent . ( move to Dr. Scott ) Doctor Scott you can sample the speciality of the house - roast loin of pork . he give janet , who be virtually naked , a seer look . frank under the circumstance , formal dress be to be optional . frank lead the way to the lift . 118 int . the study night narrator food have always play a vital role in life 's ritual . the break of bread - the last meal of the condemn man - and now this meal . however informal it might appear you can be sure there be to be very little ' bonhomie ' . 119 int . dine room night at the head of a large coffin shape table sit frank . there be a electric carver on the table in front of he . the table be laid for dinner and present be janet &amp ; brad on frank 's right , dr . scott opposite he , rocky horror on Dr. Scott 's right and between rocky and frank , columbia . they sit in silence as the double door open . riff raff and magenta enter . riff raff carry a large joint of meat , magenta the wine , both of which they set down at the head of the table . riff raff &amp ; magenta pour out the wine and return to the side of front who then rise . frank a toast to absent friend . all absent friend . frank now proceed to carve the meat . everyone be quiet and only the buzzing of the electric carver be hear . riff raff &amp ; magenta distribute the slice , then return to they place . dr . scott we come here to discuss Eddie . columbia Eddie ! frank ( silence she with a gesture ) it 's a rather tender subject .... another slice anyone . everybody look at they food carefully . columbia rise . columbia Excuse I . she rush from from the room with a ghastly cry . dr . scott ( turn aside ) I know he be in with a bad crowd . but it be worse than I imagine ... ( he turn back ) alien ! brad &amp ; janet look at each other , then at dr . scott . brad &amp ; janet Dr. Scott ! frank go on , Dr. Scott - or should I say doctor von Scott . brad what exactly be you imply ? frank threaten he with the knife . dr . scott that 's alright Brad . brad but Doctor Scott ... dr . scott silence brad with a gesture . 120 song : " eddie' teddy " scott pick up some meat on a fork and regards it . dr . scott from the day he be bear , he be trouble . he be the thorn in he mutter 's side . she try in vain . 121 int . the study night narrator but he never cause she nothing but shame . 122 / int . dine room night 133 dr . scott produce scrapbook , open it at a picture of Eddie 's mother . dr . scott he leave home the day she die . from the day she be go all he want dr . scott turn page to a picture of a record of elvis , sing teddy bear . dr . scott be rock and roll , he turn the page to porno . magazine . porn . he turn page to show a advertisement for harley davidson . und a motorbike . he turn to a still of Eddie as a addict shoot up junk he turn to reveal a newspaper clipping " thug bashes woman , 66 " . he be a low down cheap little punk . turn the page to Eddie 's mug shot . take everyone for a ride . the page turn again revealing the lyric . all when Eddie say he do not like he teddy you know he be a no good kid . but when he threaten you life with a switch blade knife frank what a guy janet make you cry dr . scott und I do . 134 / int . columbia' room night 135 she have a large portrait of eddie on the wall . she be lighting the candle on she dress table . columbia everybody shove he , I very nearly love he . I say , hey listen to I , stay sane inside insanity . but he lock the door and throw away the key . she collapse in tear . 136 / int . dine room night 137 dr . scott make he warn , I , in a note dr . scott produce the note . which read . all what 's it say , what 's it say ? 138 insert eddie' note eddie ( vo ) I be out of my head oh hurry , or I may be dead . they must not carry out they evil deed , yaaaow . 139 int . dine room night dr . scott 's hand tremble with the note . janet &amp ; brad be now stand one each side of he . all when Eddie say he do not like he teddy you know he be a no good kid . dr . scott und when he threaten you life with a switch blade knife frank what guy janet make you cry dr . scott und I do . 140 b.c.s. teddy as dr . scott produce it . all Eddie ! 141 int . dine room night eddie' teddy : reprise all when Eddie say he do not like he teddy you know he be a no good kid . but when he threaten you life with a switch blade knife frank what a guy all woe woe woe janet make you cry all hey hey hey dr . scott und I do all eddie ! frank suddenly pull away the tablecloth to reveal a glass coffin contain the decompose remain of eddie . 142 int . dine room / hall/stair riff raff &amp ; magenta laugh . janet scream and run to rocky who hug she . brad look shocked . dr . scott wheel back he wheelchair in disgust , frank move d.s. towards rocky . frank oh Rocky , how could you ! janet run out , frank in pursuit . rocky smile wanly . encourage by this , frank smashes janet across the face with the back of he hand . frank I will tell you once , wo not tell you twice you would better wise up Janet Weiss . y'apple pie do not taste too nice you would better wise up Janet Weiss . she run out of room . CUT to 143 int . corridor night janet run down corridor - frank follow she . frank I have laid the seed it should be all you need . brad appear , push dr scott , in hot pursuit . you be as sensual as a pencil wound up like a ' E ' or first string janet arrive at door of laboratory - she can not open it . frank arrive face to face . frank when we make it do ya hear a bell ring ? the door open - they fall through . the door slam in dr scott 's face . 144 int . laboratory night janet rush in , down the ramp , with frank in pursuit . frank y'got a block , take my advice . you would better wise up , Janet Weiss . dr . scott &amp ; brad arrive in the lift . frank have circle the tank and arrive at the control panel . frank the transducer ( he slam the handle ) will seduce yah . dr . scott , brad &amp ; janet find they be stick to the floor . janet my foot - I can ' move my foot . dr . scott my wheel - my God , I can not move my wheel . brad it 's as if we be glue to the spot . frank you be - so quake with fear , you tiny fool . janet we be trap . frank ( move to she ) it 's something you will get use to . a mental mind fuck can be nice . janet oh ! frank climb up the ladder beside the tank . ( music under this dialogue ) dr . scott you will not find earth people quite the easy mark you imagine . this sonic transducer - it be , I suppose , some kind of audio-vibratory , physiomolecular transport device .... brad you mean ... dr . scott yes Brad . it 's something we ourselves have be work on . but it seem we friend here have find a way of perfect it . a device which be capable of break down solid matter and then project it through space , and - who know - perhaps even time itself ! janet you mean he 's gonna send we to another planet ? frank leap off the tank to the floor . frank Planet . schmanet . Janet . frank circle janet , testing she thigh . brad struggle in vain . frank you would better wise up , Janet Weiss . you would better wise up , build you thigh up . you would better wise up . 145 int . study night narrator then she cry out - 146 int . laboratory night song : " hot dog " janet scream out . janet sto-o-o-o-o-op. she cry so loudly that frank stagger backwards towards the control panel . riff raff &amp ; magenta enter through the hole in the tile - they march to behind the tank and then the control panel . frank ( sing ) do not get hot and flustered - use a bit of mustard . brad you be a hot dog but you would better not try to hurt she , Frank furter . frank signal to magenta . bcs magenta 's hand on the transducer switch . brad be turn into a statute . dr . scott you be a hot dog but you would better not try to hurt she , Frank furter . frank signal , cut to the switch as it be turn on . dr . scott be a statue . janet you be a hot dog ... frank signal . C.S. switch . janet be stone . 147 int . laboratory night dialogue sequence . columbia my God ! I can not take any more of this - first you spurn I for Eddie , then you cast he off like a old overcoat for Rocky . you chew people up and then spit they out - I love you , do you hear I - I love you - and what do it get I - I will tell you - a big nothing . you be like a sponge . you take , take , take , take ! you drain other of they love and emotion . well , I have have enough . you have get to choose between I and Rocky - so name because of the rock in he head . frank throw a switch , she turn to stone . frank it 's not easy have a good time . he cross over to riff raff and magenta even smile make my face ache . riff raff and magenta nod sympathetically . he lie on the operate table . they massage . frank my child turn on I . Rocky 's behave just as Eddie do . maybe I make a mistake in split he brain between the two of they . magenta ( massage he temple ) when will we return to transylvania ? I grow weary of this world . frank magenta , I be indeed grateful to both you and you brother riff raff - you have both serve I well - loyalty such as yours must be reward and you will discover when the mood take I I can be quite generous . magenta betray she resentment by digging she fingernails into he neck . magenta I ask for nothing , master . frank leap up from the table . frank and you shall receive it - in abundance . ( he go to the lift ) come . we be ready for the floor show . ( he slam the lift gate ) we guest will be grow restless . the lift move downward . Left alone in the laboratory magenta and riff raff smile at each other . they make a special sign and leave by a secret passageway . wipe to 148 int . study night narrator and so , by some extraordinary coincidence - fate it seem have decide that Brad and Janet should keep that appointment with they friend Dr Everett Scott . but it be to be in a situation which none of they could have possibly foreseen . and just a few hour after announce they engagement , Brad and Janet have both taste forbidden fruit . this in itself be proof that they host be a man of little moral - and some persuasion . what further indignity be they to be subject to ? and what of the sonic transducer and floor show that have be speak of ? what indeed ? from what have go before , it be clear that this be to be no picnic . wipe to 149 int . ballroom ( include stage ) night music : " the floor show " we see the stage at the end of the ballroom with red velvet curtain . 150 backstage night frank be enjoy dress the statue which be now on stage . each one be lovingly fitte with extravagant variation on the stock and suspender belt variety of he own fantasy . 151 int . ballroom ( including stage ) night footlight glow on the curtain . CUT to 152 int . backstage night frank pull a switch and the curtain open . CUT to 153 int . ballroom stage night Red velvet curtain open to reveal statue in front of silver drape . the floor be cover with a light mist . CUT to 154 int . backstage night frank beam and pull lever . CUT to 155 int . stage night columbia 's statue come to life . columbia it be great when it all begin I be a regular Frank fan . but it be over when he have the plan to start work on a muscle - man . now the only thing that give I hope be my love of a certain dope Rose tints my world keep I safe from my trouble and pain . CUT to 156 int . backstage night frank switch . rocky leap to life . CUT to 157 int . stage night rocky I be just seven hour old truly beautiful to behold and somebody should be tell my libido have not be control now the only thing I have come to trust be a orgasmicrush of lust Rose tints my world keep I safe from my trouble and pain . brad animated by frank CUT to 158 int . stage night brad it 's beyond I help I mommy I will be good you will see take this dream away what 's this , let 's see I feel sexy what 's come over I here it come again . CUT to 159 int . stage night janet animate . she behave like a sex goddess , completely out of control , as if perform in a burlesque show . janet I feel release bad time decease my confidence increase reality be here the game have be disband my mind have be expand it 's a gas that frankie 's land his lust be so sincere . 160 int . stage night we pull back on the whole stage . the velvet open to reveal the 20th century Fox logo as a stage set . at the top of the staircase frank appear bath in light . he wear a dazzle version of the national costume and a chiffon cloak which billow in the breeze from a wind machine . he be reminiscent of a 30' film star . frank what ever happen to fay wray that delicate satin-drape frame as it clung to she thigh how I start to cry for I want to be dress just the same . CUT to 161 int . stage night the floor open to reveal a swim pool glisten with chlorine and glitter . he beckon the guest . in they drugge state they comply with he every wish . frank give yourself over to absolutely pleasure swim the warm water of sin of the flesh erotic nightmare Beyond any measure and sensual daydream to treasure forever . frank enter the pool . can not you just see it . can not you just see it . they begin to immerse themselves in the pool . 161a do not dream it . be it . all do not dream it . be it . dr scott animate belatedly . he observe the orgy occur in the pool . dr . scott ach , we have get to get out of this trap before this decadence sap we will . I have get to be strong and try to hang on . or else my mind , may well snap . the wind machine blow the blank from he lap and we see leg , stocking and a suspender belt . as in a miracle he can walk again . dr . scott und my life will be live , for the thri-i-i-i-ill ... brad surface , he face betray consternation . brad it 's beyond I help I mo-ommy . he be pull back into the pool . a thrilled janet now emerge . janet God bless lilly Saint cyr . frank break through the water on a lift from rocky . song : floor show pt . 3 - wild and untamed thing . frank my my my my I be a wild and a untamed thing . I be a bee with a deadly sting . get a hit and you mind go ping . you heart will thump and you blood will sing . so let the party and the sound rock on . gonna shake it till the life have go . Rose tint my world keep I safe from my trouble and pain . frank dive into the pool . during the chorus the whole group be diving in and out of the pool in a frenetic water ballet . all I be a wild and a untamed thing I be a bee with a deadly sting . get a hit and you mind go ping you heart will thump and you blood will sing . they emerge from the pool and form a kick line . so let the part and the sound rock on gonna shake it till the life have go . Rose tint my world keep I safe from my trouble and pain . 162 int . ballroom night the door at the opposite end of the ballroom open . song : " riff raff recit " riff raff and magenta now dress in military style space suit , face frank from the opposite end of the ballroom . they applaud slowly . riff raff have a ray gun . the character on stage freeze - terrify . it 's a showdown across the ballroom . riff raff Frank n. furter it 's all over you mission be a failure . frank look stunne . you life style 's too extreme . frank be guilt-strick . I be you new Commander . you be now my prisoner . the guest scramble for the safety of the wing . we return to transylvania ( he turn to magenta ) prepare the transit beam . magenta turn to leave . frank wait ! I can explain . 163 int . stage night song : " I 'm coming home " frank move slowly to centre stage . during the song he adjust footlight control to give he what effect he require . the other help frank out by sing from the wing . columbia operate a spotlight . brad close silver curtain . frank on the day I go away . guest Goodbye frank be all I have to say guest now I frank want to come again and stay guest oh my , my , frank smile and that will mean I may he kick on cloud projection . Blue sky appear . frank I have see blue sky through the tear in my eye and I realise I be go home I be go home frank fall on he knee . everywhere it 's be the same guest feeling frank like I be outside in the rain guest wheeling frank free to try and find a game guest deal frank card for sorrow , card for pain . dr scott switch on wind machine . I have see blue sky through the tear in my eye and I realise I be go home I be go home . I be go home . 164 int . ballroom night magenta who during all this have be filing she nail , look up at frank who be in a attitude of supplication . magenta how sentimental . riff raff move slowly to the stage . riff raff and also presumptuous of you . you see when I say " we " be to return to transylvania , I refer only to magenta and myself . frank look appal . the guest be deeply troubled , realise that they also be not part of the " we " . riff raff you see , you be to remain here , in spirit anyway . he produce a ray gun . dr scott great heavens , that 's a laser . riff raff yes , Dr Scott . a laser capable of emit a beam of pure anti-matter . brad you mean you be go to kill he ? what 's he crime ? dr scott you see what become of Eddie . Society must be protect . riff raff exactly , Dr scott. now Frank n. furter , you time have come . say goodbye to all this and hello to oblivion . frank raise himself to he full height . frank do you worse - inferior one . as riff raff pull the trigger , columbia dash between they . she be kill instantly . riff raff fire again at frank . frank take a leap for the rope on the curtain . the entire proscenium crash under the weight . and frank be crush to death among the velvet and glitter facia . rocky break down completely . although he despise frank , he be all he have in the world . he rush to the body and cradle it in he arm . riff raff can stand no more . he fire a blast of laser beam at rocky who start climb the stairway towards the fox skyline . riff raff fire again and again . with the body of frank in he arm , rocky beat on he chest and let out a wild sound like a giant beast of the jungle . riff raff fire a sustained beam . rocky climb to the top of the Fox sculpture . riff raff fire again and again . they crash to they death . brad good god. riff raff yes . janet you have kill they . magenta have find the entire sequence of event quite distasteful . magenta I think you like they . they like you . riff raff they do not like I . they never like I . dr scott ( he try a calming hand ) you do right . riff raff a decision have to be make . dr scott ( the big sell - out ) you be ok by I . riff raff Dr Scott I be sorry about you nephew . dr scott yes , well perhaps it be for the best . riff raff you must leave now Dr Scott while it 's still possible . we be about to beam the entire house back to the planet of transexual in the galaxy of transylvania . go now . the guest flee down the ballroom and out the door . we see the laugh figure of riff raff and magenta make a special sign to each other . CUT to 165 int . castle corridor night we see brad and janet flee with dr scott follow behind . 165a int . ballroom night riff raff and magenta 's laughter have subside . riff raff we noble mission be almost complete my most beautiful sister , soon we will return to the moon - drench shore of we " androgenous " planet . magenta ah - sweet transexual - land of night - to sing and dance once more to you dark refrain . to take that step to the right ... riff raff but it 's the pelvic thrust that really drive you insane . magenta and we World will do the time warp again . 165b ext . castle dawn there be a huge explosion . 166 ext . castle dawn we see the entire castle surround by a giant beam of light and then vanish into space . during the explosion sequence the film revert optically to black and white . dissolve to 167 ext . the crater day song : " super -heroes " brad , janet , and dr scott 's body be scattered on three side surround a crater where the castle once be . the scene be arid and desert . there be remnant of dr scott 's wheelchair , eddie 's coffin and break object from the laboratory . brad , tatter and bleed , lift himself up . brad I have do a lot God know I have try to find the truth I have even lie but all I know be down inside . dr scott drag himself to he knee . brad &amp ; dr scott I be bleed . janet ( revive ) and super heroes come to feast to taste the flesh not yet decease and al I know be still the beast trio be feed . the three of they stand shakily on the perimeter of the crater . all that be leave be dust and sand and wind and the sun . the camera pan from face to face in a circular movement get faster and faster as the trio sing a chorale of hopelessness . dissolve to 168 int . study night the camera have spun into a blur but focuss on a spin globe of the earth on the narrator 's desk . the narrator put he hand on the globe , stop it . he be stand over he lectern read from he book like a preacher in a pulpit . narrator and crawl on the planet 's face some insect call the human race lose in time , and lose in space and meaning . he turn and go to the door of the study . he switch off the light . voice off meaning . he leave the study , shutting the door . it 's almost dark in the study . only a sinister glow inside the globe of the earth remain . 169 credit sequence song : " science fiction , double -feature " the cast credit roll up . voice over Science fiction - double-feature Frank have build and lose he creature darkness have conquer Brad and Janet the servant go to a distant planet oh - at the late night double - feature picture show - I want to go - ohh - to the late night double - feature picture show . the end --=={{**************************************************************** }}== -- michael white production lot ----------------------------- the rocky horror picture show ----------------------------- script amendment September 12 , 1974 ----------------- the follow alteration involve discrepancy between the original screenplay and current script revision and design decision . 1/2 the film will now commence in Black and White on " academy " format . it will extend to wide screen ( 1.1 - 85 ) at sequence 41 , while still remain in black and white . at sequence 54 the film change to colour . 15 now read " Denton Episcopalian Church " . 23 Brad and Janet will arrive at the gate entrance to Oakley Court . this delete a later reference to gate in 33 . from hereon ignore all reference to rock formation etc. , as the grounds of Oakley Court be the only location involved in the approach to the house . 25 Three motorbike drive past Brad and disappear around the house . 26 this window will be in turret in Oakley Court . ignore all reference to adjoin ' massive light window ' . 30 this shot will be of a gryphem on the Oakley Court facade . 32 this will be of some similar detail to the above . 38 " stairway " reference now allude to the front entrance hall of Oakley Court . 40 delete reference to " mirror reflect to infinity " . 47 Columbia now be astride a juke box . the band be cut . 54a Red streamer and Black and White balloon fall . not just streamer . 69 all future reference to the operate table in the Lab now should be apply either to the tank or the vaulting horse ( part of the gymnasium equipment ) - whichever be applicable . 75 delete reference to the ice-block . Eddie now crash through a wall of coca cola bottle and ice . he be also equip with a saxaphone rather than a guitar . 87a Rocky now escape through the lift shaft . this may involve a shot from the vestibule show Rocky climb out of lift cage and run out of the house . it may also involve the double bed in the bridal suite collapse during the escape sequence . 91 it be still raining . 92 Janet be now stumbling around the staircase in Oakley Court . 103 this sequence may now also involve riff -raff , magenta , Columbia , Frank , Brad and select transylvanian . 106 will now have Frank , riff -raff , and Brad enter the Lab in the lift cage . 108 it be still raining . 116 Dr Scott will now break through the tile wall of the laboratory on the area of ramp above the control panel . 117 magenta will now appear through the break tile area create by Dr Scott . 122/140 this sequence will be alter to Dr Scott hold a photograph album contain a still photograph equivalent of the " flashback " refer to in this sequence . 143 /4 all entrance to the Lab will be via the break tile entrance . delete all reference to the floor lowering . 147 the " secret passage " be now the break tile entrance . 164 Frank try to scale up the silver drape which descend on he with tab track , rope support , etc . --=={{**************************************************************** }}== -- memo : script alteration from : jim sharman 9.12.74 to : all concerned . sc. 148 int . narrator's study . n&gt ; as script up to ; what further indignity be they to be subject to ? then please add : and what of the floor show that have be speak of ? in a empty house ? in the middle of the night . what diabolical plan have seize Frank 's craze imagination ? what indeed ? from what have go before it be clear that this be to be no picnic . sc. 97 . int . narrator's study . n. be replace by the follow : emotion be a powerful and irrational master , and , from what magenta and Columbia eagerly view on they television monitor there seem little doubt that Janet be indeed it 's slave . sc . 77 pt . C.S. frank frank oh no my baby - do not be upset - it be a mercy kill . he have a certain naive charm - but no muscle .