tri-star picture november 15 , 1993 the mirror have two face screenplay by Richard lagravenese fade in : int . gregory larkine bedroom - morning . c.u . - radio / alarm clock . it read 7:00 am . the radio / alarm go off play a bach sonata . Gregory 's hand enter from 0s to shut it off . int . rose morgan' bedroom - morning . c.u . - radio / alarm clock . it read 7:00 am . the radio / alarm clock go off play janis joplin be " piece of my heart " . Rose 's hand enter from os , to raise the volume . credit roll over montage : as Gregory and Rose prepare for they day , we intercut between the two , yet never revealing they face . we hear rose morgan in voice over as : - we see Gregory , after shower , methodically fold he towel then open he medicine cabinet where we find perfectly order row of product organize accord to they category - a row of medicine , a row of cologn , a row of shave product . rose ( v.0 . ) " he bath in sacred preparation of the precious courtship to come ... ~ we see Rose 's messy bathroom , with towel on the floor and a cup of coffee balance precariously on the sink . rose ( cont would ) '' she anoint herself with holy , scent oil ... " Rose slap on baby powder , choke from the dust . - we see Gregory tip-toeing through he bedroom so as not to disturb a blonde woman sleep in he bed . he open a bureau drawer revealing perfectly arrange , color code sock . rose ( cont would ) " ... for he there would be no other , for it have be write and order thus ... " ~ Rose stand with she back to camera , as she struggle to put on panty hose while the vo narrate : rose ( cont would ) " , .. that she , the Queen of Heaven , would look in sweet wonder upon only he ... " continued continued : - we see gregory larkin , dress in a sport jacket and tie , wash he coffee cup before place it in the dishwasher . he exit the kitchen to the hall and check himself in a antique mirror . he be a handsome man in he forty - round wire rimmed glass , thick wavy hair , well build . he exude control and order and intelligence . - we see a antique vanity . camera open on a drawer fill with un - open beauty product and cosmetics as well as package of donut , cookie and candy . Rose 's hand reach in and pause . we do not know whether she be reach for a lipstick or a coffee cake . finally , the hand grab the coffee cake and close the drawer . camera follow she hand as she place the coffee cake into a tote bag fill with book and notebook . camera angle on the double mirror atop the messy vanity to reveal rose morgan as she look at herself . slightly overweight by today 's standard , she wear no make - up and a formless dress . her mousy brown stringy hair hang straight in a blunt cut so she can run she hand through it when she talk excitedly . Rose be a funny , vibrant , intelligent woman in she forty , who clearly spend she passion on idea instead of appearance - partly out of necessity . beauty have never be a quality anyone attribute to Rose . as she sit gaze at she reflection , ' wonder if she should fix herself up any further , we hear her voice over : rose ( cont would ; v.0 . ) " for they have speak the word ... and the word they have speak be a word of desire ... " she wave she hand at she reflection in a carefree manner as if to say , '' why bother ? " . she exit . cuT to : ext . columbia university - day . a beautiful fall day . the beginning of the school year . rose ( v.0 . ) " before the open door he cry out - '' open thy heart my Lady , open thy heart ' ... int . english & literature dept . - day . class be in session . the hallway be quiet . we pass classroom with small sign on the window ; the existentialist lt134 ... hemingway , fact or fiction ? continued continued : lt136 ... henry jame , portrait of a era lt 138 ... rose ( v.0 . ) " tnanna appear shine before he like the light of the moon ... " we camera reach the classroom entitle " love stories ; from STAR crossed lover to fatal attraction " lo. 140 . int . rose morgan' CLASS ~ day camera pan the student who be captivate by Rose , read in front of the room . rose ( 0.s. ) " tnanna speak : as for I , the young woman - who will plow my high field ... who will plow my wet ground ... who will plow my holy vulva ! " ( comment ) be not that great ?! the student laugh . camera pan to front of the the room . rose ( cont would ) '' he reply , " Queen of Heaven , I , dumuzi , will ! ... inanna command - '' then plow my vulva , man of my heart ! the class laugh as we arrive on rose morgan - stand on a desk , read aloud from a book . behind she hang a map of ancient sumeria . rose ( cont would ) would not it be wonderful to say that to a man !? I have a dinner date tonight , maybe I will work it into the conversation during dessert ... ( play-act ) " tt be think that maybe after coffee you would like to come home and plow my holy vulva . " the class act more like a audience at a comedy club . Rose be full of enthusiasm and love for she student . continued continued : the class rose ( cont would ) it 's not really a date though . he 's not my type - but he 's be ask I for month so I figure the only way to get rid of he be to actually go out with he . ( big laugh ) ( continue recite ) " he shape my loin with he fair hand .. he fill my lap with cream and milk ... " o000000 ... " he laid I down on the fragrant honeynb " «+ . do not you love that ?! ... " my honey~man sweeten I always ... he be the one my womb love best ... tongue play , one by one ... my fair dumuzi do so fifty time " ... ( close book ) fifty time . you have get to love the guy ! inanna be consider by many to the first love story ever write - a sumerian epic date around 2000 b.c . and as you will see in many goddess mythology , we player will consist of a older female with a beautiful young male whose sole purpose be to serve the divine womb ! now , look over some of the more modern love mythology ~ include recent film - I want a comparative essay examine how the male / female role have shift and I want the title of the essay to be - what the hell happened ?! break up with laughter . CUT to : int . gregory larkine classroom - day . gregory larkin teach a room full of student . he be extremely awkward and pedantic as a teacher . the atmosphere of this classroom be a stark contrast to Rose 's . continued continued : camera pan the row of bored student try hard to receive the lesson , while other have give up entirely . some of the female student , however , be very interested , albeit in Gregory 's butt as he pace the floor , read from a text book . they eye never rise above he waist . gregory socrate state " if measure and symmetry ... camera on a student yawn ... gregory ( cont would ; 0.s. ) be absent from any composition ... a epidemic begin as another student catch the yawn bug ... and then another ... and another as Gregory continue 0 . ss . gregory ( cont would ; 0.8 . ) -+. in any degree , ruin await both the ingredient and the composition . camera angle on the various kind of yawn each student create - wide yawn , small yawn , double yawn , triple yawn ... gregory ( cont would ; 0.s. ) measure and symmetry be beauty and virtue the world over . " now what he be say here ? Gregory look to he class and , together with every student , yawns . there be complete silence as everyone participate . cuut to : int . bloomingdale cosmetics dept . - late afternoon . camera capture a variety of image - various woman be " '' made~over " by cosmetic saleswoman . giant display ad of model with perfect skin and perfect hair caress skin lotion and perfume ... and mirror - everywhere - to illuminate the fault in every potential customer 's appearance . one of the display ad be a gap-like - Annie lebowitz - celebrity - advertisement of a stun auburn haire woman . continued continued : in the corner , it read ; jesste arthur , poet / essayist for illumination cosmetics . a circular mirror on a cosmetic counter pivot down to reveal Rose ~ look at herself , in comparison to one of the angelic beauty on display . Rose place she hair behind she ear and smooth down she bang ~ then give up . the 0s voice a saleswoman from behind the counter pull she attention . saleswoman can I help you ? rose no . I be just meeting someone here . saleswoman well , while you wait , can I show you some of we latest lip crayon ? rose no . thank you . saleswoman we be offer a free skin analysis today . rose my skin 's already see a therapist , thanks . saleswoman do you know that illumination can mix shade to match you - ... rose look - I be meeting my sister here . she 's the one shopping . I be sure she will buy everything you have . but you be waste you time on I . I do not wear make -up . saleswoman ohorrify ) my god. never ? why ? rose ( joke ) it do not work . I still look like I only in color . continued continued : ( 2 ) rose ( cont would ) ( calming she ) it 's.all right , really . I have a terrific personality . claire ( 0.s. ) Rose ? Rose turn to find she sister claire - ten year Rose 's junior , Claire be a beautiful woman with a sinewy body and sex kitten allure . Claire be carry shopping bag . ext . cafe ~ late afternoon . Rose and Claire sit and have coffee . claire Alex and I have the most incredible fight last night . I lock he out of he own apartment . he be scream my name on the street . the cop come . such a mess . rose ( impressed ) he be scream for you on the street ? wow ! I have never see a man actually do that . except once , but he be also urinate . what be the fight about ? claire he 's drive I nut Rose . no matter what I do , no matter where I go - there he be ! he call I all day from work ask I what be I do . I be sleep the other night and I wake up and he 's stare at I ! rose that 's kind of sweet . claire please - it 's like sleep with a flashlight on you . I be in the middle of one of my lesbian fantasy dream and he 's stare at I like I be suppose to include he ! ( more ) continued continued : claire ( cont would ) I swear ~ if he be not gorgeous , rich and straight , I would not even bother . what should I do ? rose you be ask I ? claire yes . you have know he longer . could you maybe talk to he ~ tell he to back off a little ? he would listen to you . rose back off ? you be live together ! claire I know . I would just like to have a few hour a day where I completely '' forget that . rose ( irritate ) then move out Claire ! what do you want I to say ? Jesus ! claire what be you get angry about ? Claire look over Rose 's shoulder , unhappy by what she see . claire ( cont would ) oh , I do not believe this . Rose turn to see alex approach . Alex be a extremely handsome man , late thirty - early forty , with blue eye , jet black hair and athlete 's body . Rose be clearly flustered by he presence - like a woman who be afraid she true feeling might show . Alex arrive at the table and kiss Rose 's cheek . alex hi Rose . claire what do you do , follow I ? continued continued : ( 2 ) alex I call you mother . she tell I where Rose be . I think it 's important we talk . clatre I think it 's important I go to the lady room . alone ! Excuse I . Claire leave in a huff . Alex pull up a chair and sit down beside Rose . alex this must seem all pretty childish to you . rose that 's not for I to say . alex it do to I . what be I do , Rose ? rose why be everybody ask I !? I feel like the aunt in gigi . alex I be sorry . it 's I . I do not know what 's wrong with I . if she do not wake up every morning tell I how estatic she be , I worry . I have never behave like this over a woman before . this info do not exactly thrill Rose . but she attempt to help , recognize how upset he be . rose maybe you just need to relax you grip a little , buddy . take thing for grant a little bit more . I mean , you be live together - what more proof do you need ? alex I be not happy Rose . I live everyday worried she 's go to take off . maybe this be not love . maybe it 's just obsession . whatever it be , I hate it . continued 10 . continued : ( 3 ) Rose be both surprised and thrilled to hear this . . alex ( cont would ) I be think - maybe I should ask she to move out for while . at least I will not worry about she abandon I anymore , then she can feel what it 's like to be without I . what do you think ? Rose nod , speechless . Alex take she hand and stare at she lovingly . Rose 's heart race as she fantasize Alex say : fantasy — alex ( cont would ) she be not you , goddess of my heart . have I be so blind ? he reach for she and kiss her passionately . reality ~ alex ( cont would ) thank for listen , Rose . he squeeze she hand affectionately as Claire return . Rose feel self - conscious ~- as if she fantasy be see by other . cuUT to : ext . endicott book gallery - night . camera on a poster in the window which read ; prof . gregory larkin , professor mathematical science - columbia university . author of the new best seller ; " absolute truth ; a study of the mathematical equation call creation " . book signing at endicott book gallery ; 550 columbus ave . 8 pm . int . endicott book gallery - night . a gather of New York 's intelligentsia wine and brie crowd be seat in a room face Gregory at a podium , surround by copy of he book . he be uneasy about speak in front of a crowd ; gregory thank you all very much . I be honore by this warm and gracious welcome . ( more ) continued ii . continued : gregory ( cont would ) .. my , uh , fiance Katherine , tell I that , um ... " absolute Truth " might be too strong for the title of a theoretical science book . some audience giggle , include katherine who sit in the front row . she be the woman we see earlier in Gregory 's bed : a beautiful , sweet - nature , blonde . gregory ( cont would ) my answer to she be ~ who ... who say this be a theoretical book ... laughter . Gregory be pleased he attempt at humor pay off . gregory ( cont would ) as I stand here at the end of a journey , I be remind of something descartes once say - Gregory , as he lose himself in this word , which obviously mean a great deal to he ; gregory ( cont would ) .. - " for whether I be awake or asleep - two and three always make five and the square can never have more than four side and it do not seem possible that truth so clear and apparent can be suspect of any uncertainty " ... number and the principle they represent be unchange and everlast and underlie everything we be and everything we do . they be a dependable constant in a frighteningly undependable world . and they have consume my life the way I suppdése a artist might be consume by color or a musician by harmonics . Gregory stop when he see a most unnerve sight - jessie arthur , essayist / poet , be enter from the back of the room and take a seat on the aisle . just as in the advertisement , she be a knock -out . she look up to Gregory and smile . Gregory almost lose he train of think completely . he can not take he eye off she . continued 12 . continued : ( 2 ) he accidently knock over a water glass as he repeat himself to find he place . gregory ( cont would ) uh ... musician by harmonics ... this book take over ... over five year and it be not without a little sadness that I say good - bye to it consume my day and night . thank you . applause . angle on Gregory 's friend , henry fine - a robust Henry Miller - like middle age professor with the libido of a teenage rock star . notice Gregory stare at the back , Henry turn to see jesse , as do Katherine . henry oh-oh . curt to : int . back office of endicott gallery - night . Gregory pace as Henry enter . Gregory perk up . gregory be she go ? henry no . she 's wait to say hello . gregory oh God - what be I go to do ? henry will you relax ! there 's almost a hundred people out there . what could happen ? gregory you do not know she . I will say hello . she will say hello and the next thing you know I will be trap , naked ina hotel room with she . henry well then I suggest you stay in here and I will go out and say hello to she ! continued a3 . continued : gregory I have to go to the bathroom . he exit into a john . Henry talk through the door . henry I think she be live in Paris ? why do you think she 's here ? gregory ( 0.s. ) to destroy I . why else ? she must have hear I be almost happy . henry do you read she last collection ? I love a woman with a dirty mind . make I hopeful I can marry one day . we hear a flush , some water run as Gregory talk . gregory ( 0.s . ) you have to help I . do not leave I alone with she . and do not let she come to dinner with we . henry you know Katherine will invite she . she would invite Mrs. oswald to John John 's wedding . Gregory exit have splash water on he face , leave the side of he hair still wet with strand stick out askew . he look a bit derange . gregory we better get out there before they meet . how do I look ? Henry look he up and down . he notice that Gregory forget to zip he fly - he white brief show through - but decide not to teil he . henry great . int . endicott gallery ~ later . Gregory and Henry enter with the reception in full swing . there be no specific dialogue - just general conversation throughout the room . comtinued 14 . continued : Gregory be uncomfortable be the center of so much attention . he smile graciously . people smile back , wonder why he hair be wet and he fly be open . they look over the crowd - to see jessica and Katherine talk . Katherine spot they , and wave they over with a bright , smile face . Henry remark about Katherine 's sunny , innocent personality . henry poor kid - she 's look like a baby seal about to be ciubbed . they move through the crowd to the two woman . Gregory 's breathe get short . Henry be enjoy this immensely . innecent Katherine act every bit the hostess . katherine I do not know you know jessica Arthur . I use you product all the time . jessica they be not my product . I just do a endorsement for they a while back . ( to Gregory ) hello greg . you be look well ... jessie eye he fly and smile . Gregory look down , mortify , and turn to zip up as Henry introduce himself . henry hello . I be Henry Fine . jessie just smile , not say hello in return . henry ( cont would ) I have hear so much about you . and I have just finish you latest collection . terrific stuff ! I especially like the one about the two housewive who make love over a dishwasher . quite a fantasy . jessica ( not like he ) it be a metaphor . henry pity . continued 15 . continued : ( 2 ) katherine we be have a little party over at Cafe luxemburg for greg. come ! Gregory stop breathe . Henry can not wait for a answer . jessie pause to heighten the suspense . jessica no . I have a early plane to catch . Gregory and Henry be both relieved and disappointed . jessica ( cont would ) thanks anyway . I just hear through the grapevine you be speak tonight , so I think I would just pop in and say congratulation . they shake hand . just touch she , make he shudder . jessica ( cont would ) congratulation . gregory thank you . jessica Nice meeting you both . bye . she walk away . Katherine give Gregory a peck on the cheek then turn to talk to a nearby friend . Henry whisper . henry well - you be in the clear . but Gregory 's expression be still disturb . he open he palm to Henry to reveal a SMALL card which jessica slip in as they shook hand . Henry read : HOTEL MARK room 2718 . henry ( cont would ) man - she 's good . int . rabbit in the hat ~ night . Rose and barry neufeld - a nerdy , bifocale wally Cox biology professor ~ be have dinner . suddenly , Barry look at Rose in surprise . continued 16. continued : barry ooo , what 's that ? rose what ? he reach over and pull a egg from she ear . dread this , Rose force herself to be impressed . rose ( cont would ) oh. wow . I do not know you be into magic . barry there be a lot of thing you do not know about I . rose I bet . barry I be glad we finally do this . I have cancel so many reservation for we , I be go to be blacklist at every restaurant in town . rose ( sincerely ) I be really sorry about that Barry . barry it 's all right . you be here now . Rose be get annoyed as Barry reach over and pull a coin out of she other ear . rose incredible . . Rose stare at he and fantasize : fantasy : Barry raise he hand and snap he finger - and turn into alex . barry ( 0.s. ) Rose ? reality : continued 17. continued : ( 2 ) Barry look curiously at Rose , who seem pre-occupy . . barry ( cont would ) Rose ? anything wrong ? rose oh. no . oh , there 's the waiter ! can you pull the check out of he ear Barry - I really have to go home . Barry look disappointed . cuT to : int . jessica's HOTEL room ~ night . there be a knock on the door . jessica , wear a see through Victoria secret outfit , open the door to find Gregory stand helpless before she . she smile . gregory please do not do this to I . jessica quide he , helplessly , into the room . cur to : int . rose and hannah's apartment - night . Rose enter a long foyer of sprawling eight room apartment in a traditional West end Avenue brownstone . she walk down the hallway to the bedroom , move towards she mother Hannah 's room . the door be open . the light be on . Rose step into the doorway and stop . hannah morgan , be a beautiful Elizabeth Taylor sixty year old who be still turn head . she wear a elegant pajama outfit , sit upright in bed with pastel pillow and femininity ooze out of the wallpaper . she pause in she read to look up at she daughter and ask about she date : hannah so ? rose so ? pause . they have be through this before . Hannah shrug and go back to she read . Rose exit . 18 . int . rose's bedroom - night . Rose sit at she vanity gaze at she image : fantasy : - alex ( 0.s. ) roooossse ! Rose rush to the window . look out , she see alex , dress like stanley kowalski , scream she name on the street . alex ( cont would ) rose ! OPEN thy heart to I that I might plow thy field til the SUN be no more . rose come , man of my heart ! suddenly , the door to she bedroom fly open and Alex enter . they rush into each other 's arm and begin make passionate love on she bed . rose's fantasy dissolves into gregory's reality as we - dissolve to : int . HOTEL room ~ night . Gregory and jessica ravage each other ; tear clothes , devour kiss , cry of pleasure . all the while , Gregory release something in he that be completely antithetical to he college professor persona . we see a abandon and fearlessness that comically border on madness . time lapse : later ; same location . the room look like a bomb drop . clothes , furniture , bed sheet , food - all toss and strewn about . camera find jessie sit naked , wear nothing but Gregory 's tie , voraciously eat room service . Gregory sit against the headboard , stare at she in adoration , hang on every word . jessie it be in ravello and I happen to follow this nice look middle age woman into a church . I see she take out this crumpled piece of paper , kiss it , leave it in the pew and walk out . so of course I have to look ... ( more ) cowtimued continued : 19 . jessie ( cont would ) and what it be , be a novena - with instruction , in italian , " leave this in the church on the ninth day of the month " . and the prayer be , '' dear God ++ . please bring he back to I " write three time in a row . now , you know I , I have find this woman so I catch up with she in the market place and I tell she I be a writer for some Christian paper in America and would she talk to I . I buy she some coffee and she tell I she be ask God to bring back she dead husband . I say 's , but do you actually believe that you husband can rise from the dead ? she say , no , no , no + + . she know she husband would always be dead but there be another man , alive , who be interested in she and she be beginning to lose the feel of she husband ... in she heart ... and she be ask God to bring he back in there ... because she have love he so much ... she do not want to forget , no matter what happen with this new man . and I think - my God ... to love someone so much , you still want the feel of loving they even though you know you can never be with they again Gregory be completely mesmerize by her . jessie ( cont would ) so I have start another book . and it 's about this woman . she go to God , she tell I , because when she fall in love with she husband , she become very religious , because she be so grateful for such a feel . it be the first time she know she have a soul . it make I think about we . you know , no matter how many other I get involved with - the only thing that make sense to I be the craziness we have when we be together . ( more ) continued 20 . continued : ( 2 ) jessie ( cont would ) when I think about it , this be the longest relationship I have ever have . ( she devour he with a kiss ) I sometimes think we be only ever one whole person when we be together . she devour he with a kiss . he melt . she return to she food . Gregory stare at she until he get the nerve to ask - gregory it 's a man , be not it ? jessica what be ? gregory the reason you be here - in New York . jessica ( hesitates , then : ) it 's over ... gregory be you stay in town ? jessica depend . french fry ? ( he shake no ) be you and Katherine get marry ? gregory well , we reach that point where we have be together too long . we either have to get marry or stop see each other . jessie so which be it go to be ? gregory ( helpless ) why do you do this to I ? jessica hesitates - know this moment would come . continued continued : 22 . ( 3 ) gregory ( cont would ) you do not know what I be like after you leave . I nearly lose my mind last time . I could not think straight , I could not work , I have no control and I do not care . I remember teach a calculus class when I suddenly think of make love to you and I have to run into the teacher 's lounge to masturbate . jessie ( impressed ) really ? gregory you appear then disappear and in between I fool myself with other woman . if you be go to destroy I , then do it ! tell I I mean nothing to you . tell I you make love like that with other man . tell I you feel nothing for I ! but jessie shake she head . she can not tell he that . Gregory grab she he kiss into a embrace . gregory ( cont would ) then marry I . do not you see ? love you be my dream , my nightmare , ny faith ... my madness ... do not leave I in the real world with the godless and the sane . jessie ( really impressed ) shit ! she until she pull away . jessica let I ask you something greg . you think you would still feel the same way after be marry a few year ? do you think you would still lose you mind ? I do not want to be some miserable wife who only remember a man loving she this much . continued 22. continued : ( 4 ) gregory forget marriage . just stay with I . jessica then I will make you miserable . that 's how I think real love work < there 's only ever one winner . let 's keep it the way it be greg . let 's keep die for each other . no matter who I be with , youfre still the only man I 'lk ever really love . be not that enough ? gregory I can not let you go . jessie then stay with I . in this room . we will not leave . I have it for two more day . let 's ruin each other . gregory and after that ? jessie we will see . they begin to make love again . int . gregory's classroom ~ day . the student wait . Henry enter . henry I be afraid prof . larkin be not feel well and all he class be to be cancel until further - the student be eagerly up and out of they seat before he finish . cut to : int . rose and hannah's kitchen - night . Rose create a beautifully design platter of food for she and she mother . she move to the dining room where she have set a beautiful table , with china and crystal . continued 23. continued : she take the napkin and fold they into fancy three cornered hat - take care as if she be expect company , instead of just she mother . int . dine room ~ night . camera pan dining table ~ first , Rose wear a wear out sweat suit . her plate be full but she have yet to take a bite . she have a ritual of prepare she food that be deliberate and intricate - mixing she mustard and steak sauce into one round form on she plate ; mixing and cut she salad ; utilize she fork and knife in such as way as to get little bit of meat , vegetable and starch onto one forkful ... all with intense concentration and purpose . camera then arrive on she mother , hannah stare at she perform this ritual . she be fully make - up wear a sweater outfit , complete with jewelry . hannah T be halfway through my meal and you have not even start yet . Rose hold up she forkful of each food group and call it : rose the perfect bite . hannah you need to see someone . Rose turn on the tv 0.s. to a ballgame . Hannah eat with even more irritation . hannah ( cont would ) --. I can not tell you how sorry I be you father put a television in this room . I hate this television and I hate it in the dining room . can not we have a conversation ? rose Mom , I have three class today . this be my only relax - hannah Fine , fine , never mind . I can not win . please eat with you arm off the table . ( more ) continued 24 . continued : hannah ( cont would ) you eat like a convict - I be not go to steal you food . although you should be eat half that portion . you be not a lumberjack . feeling badly , Rose turn the tv off with the remote . hannah ( cont would ) no !... I say never mind . Hannah pick up the remote and turn it back on . rose no ... I be sorry . ( turn tv off ) how be you day ? hannah who give a shit ? oturn tv on ) rose ( grab remote ) no , you be right . let 's talk . ( turn tv off ) hannah it 's not about be right . ( turn tv on ) Rose laugh at the silliness of this scene . rose I know . you be right . I be sorry . she turn it off . Hannah reach for the remote , but Rose pull it away . rose ( cont would ) mom. stop it ! leave it alone ! now talk to I ! how be you day ? hannah you have not even notice I have my hair do differently . continued 25 . continued : ( 2 ) rose ( lie ) oh. yeah . I think you look different . it look great . hannah what 's different about it ? Rose stop in mid-chew , catch in she lie . hannah ( cont would ) there 's nothing different about it . I be the same old bag I be this morning . beat . Hannah feel victorious . they eat in silence . then . hannah ( cont would ) have you spoekn to Claire ? or Alex ? ( Rose shake she head ) I feel sorry for he . I think he should dump she . rose ( irritate ) this be what you want to taik about ? how can you say thing like that ? ~ hannah because I know my daughter . she 's incapable of loving someone elise . she 's go to break he heart , you wait and see . deep down , Rose can not help but think Hannah be right . hannah ( cont would ) but I guess that 's justice in a way . after what he do to you . rose he do not do anything to I . do not start this . we be just friend . we be still friend . hannah you do not know what might have be . continued 26 . continued : ( 3 ) rose yes I do . we be not exactly each other 's type . hannah Claire remind I of a girl I grow up with . selfish . refused to settle down . never want child . live she own life , from man to man . she wound up - rose / hannah ».» in a insane asylun . pause . they eat in silence until Hannah drop the bomb . hannah I just do not want you to be upset . rose about what ? hannah } Claire call . they be come over later to celebrate . ( Rose look curious ) Alex propese tonight . they be 4 get marry in the spring . Rose stop in mid-bite . her heart sink . Hannah know full well what Rose be feel . hannah ( cont would ) now , you be not go to fall apart be you ? Rose glare at she , swallow she true feeling . rose no. but I ... I wish I have know they be come . I make plan to go to a movie with doris tonight . hannah it 's all right . I will explain . CUT to : 27 . int . rose's bedroom ~ night . Rose close the door behind she , hold back she tear . she cross to she vanity and sit . look at herself in the mirror , she begin to cry . she dial the phone . rose doris ? hi , it 's I ... be you free tonight ? CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night . jess be in the shower . Gregory be on the phone to Katherine . intercut katherine , whose sit beside semi-packed luggage . katherine so , she 's the one you can not talk about , right ? she 's the reason you be not sure about marriage . the reason sex be not that important to you . gregory I be so sorry , Katherine . katherine ( dignify ) no . do not be . I be relieved in a way . I think there be something wrong with I . well ... goodbye greg. ( greg do not answer ) oh , and greg ? even though I be be really understanding about this , I just want you to know , it do not change the fact that you be still a lousy prick . gregory I know . cuT to : int . restaurant / bar hang - out - night . doris and a upset Rose sit at a table surround by drink . doris be a large woman with beautiful bright eye and a charismatic smile . she be a woman perfectly at home inside she body . a waiter appear with they food ; continued 28. continued : waiter large fries with side of mayo and chicken wing with blue cheese dress . doris / rose can we get more dress ? the waiter be surprised at they synchronicity ; doris we be separate at birth . rose two more drink when you have a chance . the waiter nod and exit . doris begin to eat . Rose " prepare " she plate - methodically fix dollop of mayo and dress on she plate . doris : you feel any better sweetie ? rose oh , I will be fine . ( eat ) I gotta be honest with you though . I be not look forward to be may of honor . doris I be may of honor nine time . I think when I hit ten , I should get a free husband and dish . ( lean in ) you know , it might not even happen . Claire 's such a nut . rose do not matter . he ask . he want she . God , what be I think !? that all of a sudden , this veil would be lift and he would want I instead of this gorgeous woman with no stomach whose ten year young ? doris it could happen . continued continued : 29 . ( 2 ) rose I should have never have coffee with he that first time he ask . he be too good look ~- I know I could not handle it . never again . I mean , you have get to come to term with you life or else what 's the point ? I will never be a beauty . I will never have some gorgeous guy in love with not , scream my name in the street . I will never have one of that crazy , passionate , all - consume , fuck for hour in some sweaty motel room by the side of a highway love affair . doris ( turn on ) you should write . rose what 's depress , be to realize I be as bad as everyone else . I mean , what 's wrong with Barry neufeld ? doris he irritate the shit out of you and he look like Mr. peabody . rose why should that matter - I be no great prize . doris all right - so in addition to everything else , you be as shallow as the rest of we . give yourself a break . rose I mean what the hell be love anyway ? what do it even mean today ? doris sound like tomorrow 's lesson . rose yeah right . that who can not do , teach . _ doris honey , I be so sorry . continued 30 . continued : ( 3 ) Rose soften , the tear come through a bit . . rose oh , it 's all right . I hate the way I sound . why should this bother I ? I have a good life . I contribute . doris you be just lonely honey . you be human . it will pass . rose fhe thing be - I want so little . I be not ask for diamond ring and a house full of kid ... I just want someone - who know I . they way people in love know each other - be not that stupid ? they favorite toothpaste , they nightmare , they secret . that 's what cure loneliness . when somebody else be out there who know who you be ~ and whose think about you . and who want you . doris and you think that 's easier to get than diamond ring ? honey , you need a change . why do not you move out - get you own place ? rose no. live alone sound very Holly golightly in theory but the truth be you come home to a empty apartment every night . I be not pretty enough to live alone . I would turn into a cat lady who flirt with delivery boy . doris well , if it 's any consolation , I bet even beautiful people get lonely . look at that woman over there . Rose turn to see a beautiful woman sit alone at a bar , fight not to cry over she drink . continued 31 . continued : ( 4 ) rose it look better on she . CUT to : int . HOTEL room ~ night . jess be sleep . Gregory sit beside the bed . jess awaken to find he stare at she . . jessie why do not you sleep ? gregory because when I wake up , you will not be here . jessie honey . come to bed . she pull open the blanket . he crawl in beside she . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - day . the room be pitch black . there be a loud knock , then : henry ( 0.s. ) greg ! greg it 's I ! after another knock or two , the door be unlock by a bellhop , with henry behind he . a light be turn on to reveal - Gregory sit in a chair with a blanket wrap around he stare into space . it look as if he 's be cry . he be a unshaven wreck . the room have be clear of jessie 's thing . bellhop be he dead ? Henry look into he friend catatonic eye . henry yep . cur to : 32 . ext . columbia university - day . Gregory , dishevel , wear the same clothes he 's have for day , walk with Henry with a mad look in he eye and a dangerous , self - pity demeanor . henry I have a couple of thing to do , then I have to sit in on a class for a teacher evaluation and then I be free . I be not let you out of my sight . we will go home , change you clothes and get something to eat . all right ? gregory my life be almost half over and I be still juggling feather , Henry . henry what do that mean ? gregory it 's any expression of my mother 's . right before she fourth marriage she say to I '' do not ever waste you time hold on to love - you might as well try juggling feather " . a student , hal , catch up with they , hold a report . hal hi. Mr. larkin . hal ben . " economics in Transition " . I really have to talk to you about this B - minus you give I on my Max weber paper . I have real problem with it . Gregory stare at he with a mad gleam in he eye and rip the paper out of he hand . gregory here ! you want a a ? a a plus ! hal uh ... sure . greg write a-plus and shove it back to hal . gregory there ! happy now hal ? hal take he paper and run . Henry calm greg down . continued continued : henry you be psychotic . I can not tell you how much I be enjoy this . curt to : int . rose's classroom - day . 33. Gregory and Henry sit in the back of the classroom while Rose give a impassion lecture to she spellbound student . rose «+ . I believe it 's we addiction to illusion like perfect sex and true love that be actually keep people today separate and alone . " falling in love " be a man-made conceit . before the industrial Revolution - before man leave the home for business and woman become the leisure class - before sex and beauty be use as marketing tool for the propagation of the species - she refer to daguerreotype and tintypes depict image of woman as object of beauty . rose ( cont would ) what draw man and woman together ? I can tell you one thing - it must have be a lot more real than what 's draw they today . a fifty percent aivorce rate among marry couple - more single parent than you can count . which be fine - but why ? because people want child and not relationship . Relationships be too hard . why ? because we be ask to meet ridiculous , romantic standard ! Gregory be mesmerize . rose ( cont would ) do you know how many lonely people there be wait for this perfect , romantic love - this illusion when actually they perfect mate might be right in front of they only they can not recognize it . ( more ) comtinued continued : 34 . rose ( cont would ) and sex , well , how often have you hear '' oh he be not my type " , " oh she 's do not turn I on " and people stay alone . this obsession with beauty and lust while everything around we be decaye ... everyone 's lover have to be attractive and successful and funny and charming and the truth be , there simply be not enough funny , successful , attractive , charming people to go around . we be human ~ we spit and sweat and gain weight and age and why be not that all right ?! because of the malicious fantasy create by fashion designer and commercial about deodorant share that tell we it 's not . " do not settle for second best " " be the best , smell the best , get the beautiful guy , lose the weight and marry a adonis " - " perfect love do exit ~ right , here in this bottle for only 29.99 . " and whether we be conscious of it or not , we fall for it . the idea of have to " fall in love " have become the most contagious and deadly virus of twentieth century ~ kill relationship before they can even begin ... leave man and woman who have so much to offer - exclude . as if relationship be only mean for the select , the beautiful and the few instead of be everyone 's birthright . Rose be panting . she have give this speech without a breath . the class , and Gregory , sit stunne . wait . Rose feel expose for a moment , and try to sum up . rose ( cont would ) ( genuine belief ) we live in such a transitory world . people marry for love , which fade ... or beauty or passion ... which fade . you ever notice how most friendship last longer than most marriage .? ( more ) continued 35 . continued : ( 2 ) rose ( cont would ) be it even possible anymore for a man and a woman to truly see each other and come together for something real ?.... I do not know .... ( pause ) question , comment . the class break out into applause . Rose smile , feel great love for this kid . Gregory look as if he 's be transformed by a revelation . ext . campus ~- day . Henry walk with a excited Gregory . gregory she 's amazing ! henry well , she talk a good line . gregory what do you mean ? I think she make a lot of sense . henry well , consider how she look , I guess yeah ~ she 's get a point . Gregory stop . Henry stop , surprised . gregory I do not notice how she look . henry that 's my point . gregory I have have beautiful woman Henry . I have have great sex . and I be alone ... I want to meet she . henry look - you be come off of jessie again . you be not think straight . ( more ) continued continued : int , rose 36 . henry ( cont would ) beside , in my opinion , sex be the only . reason people get together because it 's the only divine act human can accomplish . it fulfill everyone 's inherent desire to return to God . it be my belief that come will replace praying in the 2ist century . I be think of write a theological treatise on it and call , it " theoboffism " . gregory all I know be , I be lonely . maybe jessie be my one real love - so what ? maybe my mother be right or maybe we be only allow one a lifetime and I get stick with someone I can not have . but maybe there 's something else I can have . something I can trust , feel safe with , build with ... henry with she !? gregory well ... I do not know . maybe . why not ? she 's seem like a fascinating woman . henry Fine . but no matter what you want in a woman , you can not deny the fact that there have to be a physical attraction too . gregory I be not so sure . CUT to : be office - day . Gregory knock on the door to Rose 's office . through the wall , we can hear dylan be " you're gonna make I lonesome when you go " blast . Gregory knock harder . rose ( 0.s. ) come in ! continued 37 . continued : Gregory enter - well dress and shaven . Rose be sit at a desk pile high with open book and papers . the wall be cover with a.mixture of mythological image and rock poster from the sixty . book abound in ever corner . she be eat a hero sandwich . rose ( cont would ) ( lower the music ) can I help you ? gregory uh ... I be Gregory larkin - math Department . I sit in on you class yesterday with Henry Fine . rose oh yeah . do he pass I ? gregory I be sure he do . I think you lecture be ... fascinating . I be wonder if you be free - if you want to go for a cup of coffee or something . Rose immediately recognize this be a good look guy ask she for coffee , and she '' Alex alarm " go up . rose uh , well , no , sorry . I be actually schedule for something now ... soon , gregory oh , well maybe some other time . ( Rose nod ) I think you be a gift teacher . you really have that student . I would love to discuss you teach method with you some time as well . rose thank you . Gregory exit . Rose immediately rise and cross calmly over to she water cooler . she get some cold water in a small paper cup and quite matter - of - factly , throws the water in her own face . rose ( cont would ) that be close . 38 . int . rose's bedroom ~ night . Rose open the bottom drawer of she vanity and reveal her assortment of cupcake and sweet . she extract a package of cupcake , then . move to a CD player raise the volume . we hear the band be " it make no difference " . she raise a already light joint to she mouth and inhale . as she sing along , get stone , we get a glimpse into a young Rose - a sixty hopeful with a great joy and thirst for life , before any expectation vanish . she then inhale a bit too much , and must use every effort not to cough out loud - bang she hand against the furniture , she eye tear . she make sure to exhale out a open window . she take a deep breath , then douse out the joint on the sill . she take she cupcake to she bed and make a tray out of a art book . laying down , she serve herself the cupcake , listen to the music and watch the ballgame on a tv with no sound opposite the bed . she comment to herself - rose life be good ! she take a bite of she cupcake and watch the game and listen to the Band . all of a sudden she freeze ~- as if a think have cross she mind and get stick there . we can tell by she expression , that she be not really watch the game or listen to the music or even consciously chew . she 's think about Gregory . but then she decide . rose ( cont would ) no . I be right to say no . that be a good move . have lunch with a guy like that , next thing you know I be cooking for he and hold he hand when he have problem and fantasize about raping he in a restaurant . never again . the end . end of story ! the phone ring . stone , she stare at it for a moment or two , fascinate by the ringing . until - - hannah Rose ! answer the phone ! she pick up . rose hello ? intercut gregory on the phone : gregory hi - it 's Gregory larkin . I hope I be not disturbing you . cowtimnued continued : 39 . rose ( to herself ) that. be weird ! gregory what ? rose nothing . I be just ~- nothing . gregory I be call to see if you be free for lunch tomorrow . Rose grimace . cut to : int . columbia adminstration office - day . doris be at she desk when Rose enter . rose whose this Gregory larkin guy ? doris uh , larkin ? math I think . yeah . in fact he just publish some hook . rose he 's publish ? ... be you free for lunch ? cur to : int . burger palace =~ day . Rose and doris listen to Gregory explain he book as they wait for they lunch . gregory ««.80 what I have hope to accomplish with the book be to show within this universal order , number be not just number but symbol that represent - how should I say it - metaphysical concept . first there 's the one , the universal , the all - that from which everything spring and be ever contain in - you still with I ? continued continued : 40 . rose I be hold on . doris I be off the cliff . gregory ( enjoy himself ) then we divide with one into the two - the duality of the one and one 's awareness of itself through it 's opposite , the two . then there 's three , which be the relationship between the two and the one ... rose so four would be the result of the relationship - the product produce by the sun . gregory that 's right ? do you read the book ? rose no . I almost buy it though . I hold it in my hand in the bookstore for a good ten minute . gregory . that 's all right , I will send you a copy ... but get back to the three for a minute , what you might find interesting for what you teach be the importance of the relationship . see , without the three , relationship - a number , or a person , be just ... rose spin it 's own gear . gregory exactly . this be marvelous . rose I know . first time I have lunch with a guy where I feel like I be win on a game show . Gregory suddenly feel insecure . continued 41. continued : ( 2 ) gregory I be sorry . I do not mean to lecture . Excuse I a moment . Gregory exit to the bathroom . doris nudge Rose . dort what 's wrong with you ?! he 's a doll . rose . what ?! I do not say anything . he 's a very nice guy . now let 's eat the damn lunch and get the hell outta here . doris you be a idiot . he 's like you . rose what be we in fifth grade ? he like I ! he like my brain . doris so ? take it slow . one organ at a time . Gregory return just as a waiter appear with two salad and a pepper mill . he be about to pepper Rose 's salad : rose no pepper for I . but could you get I a little side dish of extra dress . dort I too . she begin she ritual of carefully cut and mixing she salad - pick out the wilted or bad look leave as she speak . Gregory be fascinate by she ritual . gregory you be class be remarkable . maybe you can sit in on my class on next week . rose what be it you want to discuss about my teach ? gregory well ... I want to ask - how do get they to stay ? continued 42. continued : ( 3 ) Rose and doris let out a laugh until they realize that Gregory be dead serious . cur to : int . gregory's classroom - day . Gregory be erase the blackboard . the camera follow he as he cross past he desk , past the student seat which be empty . he stop before rose , asleep in the last seat - she head back , she mouth open . gregory Rose . Rose . Rose awaken with a start ! she get she bearing and realize the class be over - and she be asleep . rose oh ... greg , I be sorry . I do not sleep well ~ ... gregory no it 's all right . at least now you be familiar with the problem . can you help ? ( Rose wonder ) maybe we can have dinner tonight - talk about it . I will invite other people if you like . Rose , feel badly , accept . cut to : int . restaurant - night . gregory.and Rose be have dinner with Henry and he date , a beautiful blonde model name candy . each pair be involved in conversation . the camera cut between the two conversation . rose ».. I just think you have to relate what you teach they in a way that touch they life a bit more directly . let they get to know you . gregory you be right . how ? continued —-aZ = 43. continued : Gregory listen like a disciple . Henry and candy be have a different conversation . candy I be very much a free spirit . if I do not feel like go to a party I will not go just because other people be . henry I really respect that . Gregory and Rose continue : rose you need to loosen up a little . do not wear a jacket and tie . joke around . find the humor in it . gregory find the humor in calculus ? rose well - if number represent some metaphysical meaning in the Universe uh ... there 's get to be a joke in there somewhere . I mean , metaphysic , the universe - it 's hilarious . gregory really ? back to Henry and candy . henry you like that calvin klein ad - that guy in the underwear ? candy oh yeah - I think they be hot . henry I think they be disgusting . Rose can not help but over hear Henry 's comment and stop with Gregory to listen in . continued 44 , continued : ( 2 ) henry ( cont would ) I just think that for woman to be represent like that in advertising , it 's much more artistic . when it 's man , I find it almost pornographic . rose why ? henry well , artist have be honore naked woman through they canvase for century . rose gee , the last time I look the David have a dick . thing be get heat . Gregory be loving it . henry all I be say be , everywhere you look there be this young guy with washboard stomach , look like god in some homo-erotic fantasy . candy I think they be hot . no one pay attention to she and she notice it as Henry speak directly to Rose - henry I do not mean to offend you or - rose I be not offended . I just think time be change . in some tribe - like the wodaabes , it 's the man who spend hour in make - up session and be judge in beauty contest by the woman . and they be a much older society than ours - maybe we be just catch up . Men as object of female lust be quite natural and if woman be go to make themselves sick and surgically alter themselves to stay in the run , you man be go to have skip the extra beer and tighten you butt too . continued ener ss oro 45 . continued : ( 3 ) Gregory smile proudly . Henry lift he glass as if to toast she . candy feel leave out and rise . candy Excuse I a minute . only Rose can sense candy 's sudden discomfort . int . lady room - night . candy be in front of mirror fix she make -up . Rose enter to wash she hand . candy you be a professor ? rose yes. candy how long have you be with Gregory ? I think he 's gorgeous . rose we be not together . we be just associate . how long have you be see Henry ? candy not long . I be really just in it for the sex . rose really ? candy it 's such a turn on fuck a smart guy . I feel kind of like a genius everytime he come . Rose laugh . candy smile , warming up to she . int . restaurant ~ Henry and Gregory . gregory be not she something ? continued es wy eo 46 . continued : henry that and more . too bad you can not take she brain and put it in candy 's body ? Gregory be disturb by Henry 's remark . int . lady room - candy it 's not go to last . not that I want it to . we be just have some fun . eventually there will be someone prettier , someone young he will get a thing for and that will be it . rose do not that bother you ? candy no . I plan to be marry within five year then I will never have to worry about it again . I do not kid myself . I know the thing I can offer a man , a lot of other woman can too . it 's all timing , ya know . you just have to hit that one guy whose ready to stop sampling everything he see . and then you can stop too . it 's different for woman like you I think . rose why ? candy if a guy fall for you , you know it 's for something that will last . you do not have to worry about lose it as you get older . you will probably get even smarter when you age . rose can I ask you a question ? if you could switch place with I , would you ? candy stop apply lipstick . she feel uncomfortable by the question . her answer be obviously no . rose ( cont would ) see , that 's the difference . continued uf oro 47 . continued : the two woman look into the mirror face then . - rose ( cont would ) I would . int . restaurant ~ night . at the table , the waiter have bring they meal . candy have order a large grill vegetable salad . Rose order lamb chop and potato with special order of mustard , extra mint jelly and sour cream on the side . she begin to prepare the mint jelly and mustard with small dollop along with dice she potato along with the sour cream . everyone else have already start eat , as they watch Rose 's ritual . when she finally take a bite . Gregory smile . she smile through she food . rose the perfect bite . he lean over to she . gregory listen . I have two ticket to the philharmonic . it 's a benefit . Black tie . do you feel like go ? Rose , she mouth full of food , be impressed by Gregory 's proposal . she nod . he smile . cur to : int . rose's classroom ~ day . Gregory sit in on another of Rose 's lecture . continued continued : laughter . 48. rose around the 12th century they have a thing call courtly Love - and it be a love usually between a knight and a lady he idolize , worshipped ... but the rule be they could never have sex , never be marry and yet they must always keep they passion for each other alive ... it be as if they take this baser human love and through they restriction squeeze everything out it that be think to be impure or temporary . it be think to be one of the high expression of love . as oppose to the more human , everyday , go - to- the-bathroom - in - front - of - each - other kind of love . Gregory be inspire . int . bergdorf's ~- day . Rose be cautiously look through some evening wear . all she find be find one skimpy cocktail dress and low - cut gowns . she black sequine high neck number , but it have no back . a saleslady approach . saleswoman would you like to try that on ? rose oh no . I would look like a neon sign . I have this formal tonight and of course I wait until the last minute ... - saleswoman well what be you look for ? rose something comfortable , big , loose , dark ~ actually , I should be in the linen department buy a comforter . saleswoman ( smile ) come with I . - s= ag . int . bergdorf's cosmetics dept . - day . Rose walk through , carry a dress box . she pass by woman get make-over . she 's die to try . cuut to : int . rose's bedroom ~ early evening . Rose sit at she vanity with she back to we . she be wear a simple , black evening dress - loose , formless . we do not see her face . hannah ( 0.s. ) Rose ? without move she head or neck , Rose respond . Hannah enter and stand in the doorway ; cool , detach ; hannah ( cont would ) when do you get home ? I do not hear you come in ? Rose remain stiff , with she back to we . hannah ( cont would ) what 's wrong with you ? Hannah approach and be surprised when she see Rose - with a complete make - up job . the make - up be overdo and not very complimentary to she natural look . Rose talk with tight lip . rose what do you think ? hannah why be you talk like that ? rose I be wear so much , I be afraid it will break . how do I look ? hannah paralyze . why be you wear so much ? rose well accord to this cosmetics expert I have a myriad of problem - my eye be set too close together , my nose be crooked , my chin be chubby and my skin be confuse . should I take it off ? continued 50 . continued : hannah well , if you be go to wear make - up , you should do something with you hair . rose what ? Hannah pick up a brush and and pin and spray , and begin to style . hannah he must be very handsome this one , for you to go through all this . rose I be not do it for he . it 's a formal . hannah no one say you have to wear make - up to a formal . you have be see he for a few week . do you think something might happen with this one ? rose stop call he " this one " . sound like you be pick out a lobster . we be just friend . I have not be " see he " . don't touch my face ! I be just help he with he teach . it 's not a date or anything . hannah then what do it matter how you look ? rose ( hopefully ) I just want to ... ( stop , realize ) I guess it do not matter . hannah unless of course you think something might happen . rose nothing 's go to happen ! continued continued : 51 . ( 2 ) hannah oh , young woman today . you take everything at face value . as if the man have all the say and you have nothing to do with it . you think man know what they want before they want it ? half the time , they would sleep with cow if that 's all they could meet . how do you think syphilis be create ? rose how do we get from my date to the origin of syphilis ? hannah I think it be not a date . touche . Hannah begin to spray the tease hair . Rose ask vulnerably . hannah ( cont would ) if he take you to dinner , order some simple - a nice fish . broil . and no dessert . a cup of coffee be more than sufficient . rose Mom ... when I be bear , do you think I be pretty ? hannah fch . you be my child . my firstborn . rose but you must have think something about how I look . do you think I be a pretty baby ? hannah silly . what 's pretty anyway ? you be sister 's pretty - you think she will be happy . I give that marriage two month . rose I think that 's a awful thing to say . continued 52. continued : ( 3 ) hannah you be just stick up for she . I should know better than to say what I really think . I can not win . rose everytime you say that I always wonder what we be play . int . cab ~ night ; a few minute later . in the backseat , kose be throw back and ferth . rose there 's no rush . but the driver do not hear . both the window on both the rear door be down , cause a tremendous wind tunnel that be tear apart she hairdo . she try to shut they , but can not . rose ( cont would ) what 's wrong with the window ? cab driver , break ... both break . ( he giggle in Arabic ) Rose brace herself , while try to hold down she hair . the cab stop at a red light . Rose catch she breath . she glance over at a parallel cab that also have a single woman in the backseat . the woman be dress up and have a equally horrific cab ride . her face be smear with lipstick that she have be try to apply . she glance over to Rose , Rose smile . the woman smile , then both cab peel off as if in a drag race . cuT to : ext . lincoln CENTER ~ night . Rose exit the cab - she hair have be wind blow into a complete mess . she approach Gregory who be genuinely glad to see she . he smile broadly . Rose be painfully self - conscious . rose hi.. I be sorry .. Gregory be unphase by she appearance . continued 53. continued : gregory sorry for what ? you be exactly on time . rose yes ... i..no , I mean ... my hair .. I must look like I have be attack by wolf . but Gregory neither compliment nor console she about she look . Rose suddenly feel very silly . gregory we should get out of the wind . curt to : int . avery fisher bathroom ~ night . Rose wipe off all the make - up and brushes out she hair . curt to : int . avery fisher hall - night . on stage , the philharmonic orchestra play Cesar franck 's psyche . in the audience , Rose sit beside Gregory listen . Gregory reach into he pocket and pull something out . he then nudge Rose who jump slightly and look to what greg have in he hand . a thin SMALL computer . it look like a calculator with a extra large screen . Gregory whisper : gregory it make shape out of sound wave . he turn it on . Rose watch . the little screen burst into color as the music create fantastic form and spiral . she smile in fascination . Gregory be pleased it 's make a impression , they watch together like two child . int . avery fisher ~ reception - night . a after concert reception . Rose and Gregory stand in the crowd with white wine and hor d'oeuvre . Rose bite into one . rose ugh .. the food be awful . gregory I hate crowd . contimued 54 . continued : Rose notice alot of light and crowd through the window , look over to the n.y. State theatre . rose what 's happen over there ? gregory I read somewhere it 's a midnight celebrity benefit for dance theatre of harlem and aids . rose I bet they have better food . gregory we do not have invitation . Rose have a devious and mischievous look on she face . ext . lincoln CENTER ~ night . Gregory stand in the cold , in he tux , watch - Rose approach the line of paparazzi , await celebrity arrival . limousine pull up to the curb and camera start flash at whoever exit . during a lull , Rose whistle over two young photographer and bring they into a huddle . Gregory be intrigue as he watch Rose give they direction and money . he see the photographer shrug and nod to Rose . Rose return to Gregory . gregory what be you do ? rose you be sort of a scientist . I be go to show you a example of chain reaction . come on ! she grab he hand and walk quickly toward the curb . ext . curbside - night . Rose lead Gregory towards a limousine that be park , have already deposit its celebrity . Gregory be worried . gregory be you sure about this ? continued 55 . continued : rose I see this guy on cable talk about all the way he sneak into party . I always want to try it . I mean what 's the worse that could happen - they throw we out and we be humiliate ? I spend a lot of money on this dress and I be not take it off yet ! you get a twenty ? Gregory search for a bill . ext . new york state theatre - night . celebrity exit a limo and be immediately photograph at every angle by the photographer as they walk along the red carpet and be sweep into the theatre . another limo drive up and out of it exit rose and gregory . Gregory be clearly nervous . they move down the red carpet . for a few step nothing happen . Gregory almost panic . until suddenly , the two photographer Rose pay off start click the camera furiously at they . like a chain reaction , all the other photographer start click they camera . Rose 's plan work . Rose begin to enjoy she momentary celebrity , play it for all it 's worth . Gregory be amaze as they reach the door and be quickly sweep inside by the doorman . int . NY state theatre ~ night . Rose be busy at the buffet table . Gregory be stunne and exhilated ! rose I be right . the food be better . gregory that be incredible . we completely fool - ... rose shhhh ... cool . keep it cool . gregory ( whisper excitedly ) we completely fool then . continued 56 . continued : rose still in a crowd though . would you like to find a quiet spot ? int . staircase : NY state theatre - night . Rose wait patiently with a white wine . Gregory appear with several dish of hor d'oeurve . rose here he be ~ my hunter gatherer . gregory they do not have any more roast beef with horse radish but I get some beef skewer instead . rose Fine . Fine . sit down , place the dish on the stair , Rose begin to prepare a bite for herself - redoing two hor d'oeurve by replace '' bit of one with another . Gregory watch intently . rose ( cont would ) the lettuce be always wilted on this thing and I can not stand cucumber gregory b you love food , do not you ? | rose why , be that a problem !? gregory k no , not at all . could you make I one like that ? | rose ' here ... have this one . h she pop it into he mouth . Gregory be unphase by the intimacy of the gesture . Rose smile . he stare at she . Rose giggle self - consciously . rose ( cont would ) what ? continued 57 . continued : gregory ( still excited ) I can not believe we fool they ! she laugh . cuT to : ext . NYC STREET - night . Rose and Gregory walk home after the concert . gregory my favorite period be the turn of the century . everyone have this inflame desire for people they have only sit alone in a parlor with . holding hand become the most intimate act . rose and all that layer of clothing they have have to get through to even make a move . so erotic . Gregory laugh . Rose smile . gregory be you ... see anyone right now ? Rose stop , lose she smile . Gregory be worried . gregory ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? rose ( protective ) what be we do here ? gregory ( shyly ) well I ... I would like to get to know you better Rose . rose as what ? a friend ? a experiment ? gregory do we have to label it ? continued continued : 58. rose yes . this be not the turn of the century . look , you be a real nice guy but I have just ... come out of something that - ... gregory so have I . rose well then we should definitely not go any further . gregory I do not agree . I know the whole " on the rebound " scenario and believe I that 's not what this be . I do not want what I have with she . I want something else . I want everything you have be talk about in that classroom . rose but ... gregory there be no guarantee Rose . there 's no perfect science ~ it 's still all depend on how a person see it . and when I see you I see a woman unlike any I have know . you mind , you humor , you passion for idea , you courage to live by they ... Rose be be sweep off she foot . gregory ( cont would ) what would happen if we put everything else - the sex , the romantic illusion - and put they aside . get to real know each other 's heart and soul , like that knight and lady of the 12th century . rose but they have passion for each . they just sacrifice it . continued 59 . continued : ( 2 ) gregory they we be ahead of the game because we do not have that passion . all we have be respect and true affection . at least I do . pause . Rose find it hard to breath . Gregory worry . gregory ( cont would ) have I ... overstep the boundary ? speechless , Rose shake she head . they walk side by side in silence for a moment . until : gregory ( cont would ) Rose ? ( they stop ) May I hold you hand then ? Rose find this so move , she can only nod . Gregory take she hand and they walk past camera . with they back to we , we hear : rose I want to hear about this woman . be she dead ? gregory no , she 's life in Paris . rose oh ... that could be a problem . cuT to : int . gregory's CLASS - day . Rose sit in the back as Gregory try to relate they adventure to the student in he usual pedantic manner . he have , however , take off he jacket and tie . continued continued : gregory and um ... there be many photographer and ..oh wait , no , first we have to find a limousine and we pay they twenty dollar for just a few minute , then ... then we get in and go around to the front which be very crowded ~ as I say , there be many photographer uh , take picture . the class be bored stiff . Gregory can not tell a story . gregory ( cont would ) it be very exciting how this chain reaction occur .... 60 . Rose bite she lip so as not to laugh . she find poor Gregory so endear , as he look up to she with plead eye begging for help . cuut to : int . comedy club ~ night . a comedian play for a pack house . camera pan around the audience to find Rose and Gregory deep in conversation , oblivious to they surroundings . gregory «.s. I do not know what it be about jesse but , after this last time , I make a decision I do not ever want to feel that obsessive or lose over someone again . it 's unendurable . I sometimes think maybe it 's because she be my first . rose you first what ? gregory my first ... you know ... lovemake experience . rose I think you say you meet she when - you be 24 . ( more ) continued continued : they both 61 . rose ( cont would ) ( Gregory nod ) you mean you have never ... until you 24 ? ~ gregory T be a real good student . rose wow . ( greg laugh } what ? gregory wow . you do not usually hear people with high i.q. 's say that . I like it . wow . how old be you ? rose ( embarrassed to say ) well - it be sixty . sex be just something you do with someone after you have a great conversation with they . twenty~four ? sip they beer , as Rose add ; rose ( cont would ) but - you must have have woman all over you - you be a great look guy . I hope that do not make you uncomfortable . gregory actually it do , but that 's ok . I never get to really know any of they - I guess I just be not interested until jess . she be so ... dangerous . why be we attract to that ? rose well , she be also beautiful . Ugly and dangerous I find it easier to resist . greg laugh . Rose sip she beer , slightly disappointed . CUT to : 62. ext . baseball game - day . camera pan stadium crowd , until we find Gregory and Rose in deep conversation - oblivious to they surroundings . rose --. anyway , Alex be take some night class and we get friendly . it 's so stupid . we use to sit in coffee and share cigarettes . talk . I guess I build this whole fantasy of he on that little thing . like share cigarettes . it seem like such a intimate thing to do at the time . and I do not even smoke . I think he be go to be my romance . then he meet my sister and ... umpire ( 0.s. ) strike three ! rose ( stand ) you stupid bum ... three million dollar a year and for what ! for what ! Gregory be startle . Rose sit back down calmly and continue talk . rose ( cont would ) anyway , they be get marry now and in a way I be glad because it 's finally over . I do not have to ... fantasize anymore . Gregory nod . Rose eat one of he french fries . pause . gregory you know , I have always be fascinate by people 's fascination with this game . I do not see the point of play a game in which you exert all that effort to wind up at the same place you start ? Rose consider this but do not have a answer . rose I do not know . my father love it . we have season ticket . someone get a hit and a run be score . comti mued 63. continued : gregory see ! now , he run around and wind up where he start - mathematically this 's game have no point . rose ( lie ) | well , actually it 's about average . I mean that 's what make it exciting . gregory average ? rose yeah , see that scoreboard . everytime a player come up they flash that three digit number . well that 's the player average ~ how many time he hit the ball in ratio to how many . time he stand up at bat . you be deal with several pitch come per time at bat ... and what a man can do with this several pitch be actually about pitting the man and he skill against he average . it 's man versus the number because if he can not maintain or surpass he average , he contract get cancel or he get trade which be tantamount to public humiliation ... intrigue , Gregory pull out a pad and pencil . gregory now which number be it ? cur to : int . gregory's classroom - day . the student sit , dread the boring class to come . the door open . they face register astonishment at what they see : Gregory enter wear tight jeans with designer tear on the knee , a tight T-shirt , a baseball jacket and cap . the girl jaw drop in admiration as he take off he jacket to reveal the outline of he torso . Gregory be clearly self - conscious , but bravely continue : continued 64 . continued : gregory so , let 's see . what be we do today ? ( read ) fibonacci ratios as they approach the Greek Golden ratio . ( pause , then : ) bummer . shock . surprise . some giggle , gregory ( cont would ) anybody see the game on Sunday ? that marakesh . what a bum - huh ? some student nod cautiously in disbelief . gregory ( cont would ) let I put this before you . let 's say marakesh 's contract state that he must keep he average at 285 for a period of at least 33 of the 52 game season - not the the bum can , but let 's just say . ( class laugh ) not figure in the percentage of ball to strike ... a male student Prof. larkin ? would you include error in that computation . gregory ( think , then : ) I do not know . I will have to ask rose. cut to : int . restaurant - night . Gregory talk excitedly . Rose have never see he so animated . gregory ««. and suddenly there be this tangible energy in the room . we actually exchange idea . we be connect somehow . it be .. be ... rose great ? continued 65 . continued : gregory great ! they come alive . they participate . they stayed ! - ( Rose laugh ) and they laugh . I be funny Rose ! you know what I want to do for my phythagorean theory class . I want you to expose I to you music , current music , post 1799 . I have a idea for examine harmonic proportion . rose ok . gregory I can not thank you enough . I be a better teacher today than I have ever be because of you . Rose smile , deeply touch . a waiter bring they two salad , then offer : waiter Fresh pepper ? Rose be about to answer when : gregory she do not like pepper , but I will . and you can you bring she a side dish of extra dress . she like a little extra . Rose be so move by this gesture she can not take she eye off of Gregory , who proceed to cut he he salad , oblivious to how much that mean to Rose . she can hardly eat . Gregory continue talk mos = but Rose just stare at he , as if abut to cry . cur to : int . lady boutique - day . Rose shop . wearing she usual baggy clothes , she sort through a rack of similar black baggy clothes ... but then something catch she eye ... continued 66. continued : a rack of tighter fitting , colorful dress that go up to she size . she put it up to she body and decide to give it a try . cur to : int . rose's classroom ~ day . her class await she arrival , talk amongst themselves . suddenly the door open and they all look 0.s. in surprise . a camera pan beginning from Rose 's foot up she body reveal a new look - heel , shapely albeit full calve , a hemline that start at the knee outline a tight fitting dress that hug she hip , waist , torso and breast ... the look be reminiscent of the sensuality of a Anna magnani . even though a tummy show and the behind spread , they be a air of defiant sexuality . she look great ( at least to this writer ) . Rose obviously feel self - conscious , but bravely enter and decide to stick by herself . the class , especially the boy , be in shock . Rose look at they in silence and say ; rose yes . I have tit . the class crack up and the ice be break . cut to : montage : throughout the montage , we notice a blossoming in rose - more physically confident , a braver fashion style , even a slimmer appearance . she grow subtlely more attractive before we eye as Gregory grow more relaxed and boyish . ext . ball park - day . Rose teach Gregory how to swing a bat correctly . int . greg' kitchen - , Rose whip up a gourmet meal with great joy as Gregory watch like a eager apprentice . int . CLASS - Rose wear another colorful , revealing outfit as she whip she class into a frenzy . 67 . int . gregory ( and rose be ) apartment ~ night . Gregory passionately explain some diagram on he computer as Rose listen attentively . we can tell he be loving the act of share he life . and Rose be surrender . int . met opera - night . Gregory and Rose listen to tristan und isolde , as they share he sound wave hand computer . Rose decide to take the computer away and force Gregory to close he eye and just listen . dissolve to : later - same location . Rose look over to Gregory and notice he eye be tear from the beauty of the music . she be beginning to adore this man who be so open to experience and the world she can show he . she covertly offer he a tissue . he accept . int . dance club - night . Gregory dance to good old rock music - some Rolling Stones classic - with Rose and doris . his movement be awkward but he dance without inhibition , surrender to the music . int . rose's bedroom - night . Rose be get dress just as frantically as she always have . at she vanity , she open she drawer of cosmetics and cupcake . fishing around the mess , she find and un-opene bottle of perfume . she bravely tear off the wrapping and cautiously apply some to she wrist . like it , she apply it to a variety of spot . int . rose and hannah's apartment - night . Rose open front door revealing Gregory . gregory hi . be I late ? rose ( nod ) about twenty year . you look great . Gregory enter and hand Rose some wine . he cough from the perfume . Rose put on a bit too much . rose ( cont would ) do I put on too much ? continued continued : 68. gregory no . it 's nice . just certain scent make my eye water . rose I will go shower . gregory ( laugh ) no. do not . where 's you mother ? rose get dress . you will know when she enter the room ~ there will be a musical cue . want to open this for I ? hannah ( 0.s. ) Rose ... have we guest arrive . Rose and Gregory turn to see Hannah , ever so gracefully enter from the bedroom hallway , wear a beautiful outfit with coiff hair and jewelry . a stark contrast to Rose 's apron and jeans . she ooze charm and flirtatiousness . coincidentally , at that same moment , a ice- cream truck pass by whisper j they both on the street with it 's Mr. softee jingle . Rose okingly to a amused Gregory . rose see , I tell you . gregory I have be look forward to meeting you Mrs , Morgan . hannah welcome . welcome . you look very nice . see , Rose - Gregory dress for dinner . what 's that smell ? ( Rose wince ) it seem odd that we have not meet after all this time . gregory I think so too . look to Rose who want to get this over with . rose my fault ! dinner 's ready . continued 69 . continued : ( 2 ) she exit into the kitchen . Hannah smile at Gregory . int . dine room ~- night . the table be beautifully set . Hannah and Gregory sit in silence . Gregory notice the fold three - cornere napkin and the meticulous detail with which Rose have prepare . 0s , donovan be " season of the witch " be play much to Hannah 's annoyance . hannah can we please have some silence during dinner ? ( to Gregory ) she either have she music play or the television . God forbid we should have a conversation . Rose shut it off , enjoy Hannah 's irritation . Rose enter the dining room and set down a beautiful platter of gourmet food . rose I hope you like it - it 's a viennese dish . my father be haif - viennese . gregory ( impress ) my God Rose it 's ... it 's art . rose ( laugh ) no . gregory no it be . a artist be not just a painter or sculptor . it 's someone that set a table a certain way or prepare food a certain way ...0 or teach a certain way . ( sincerely ) you be a artist , Rose . Rose be thrilled by the comment . they look to Hannah for confirmation . continued 70 . continued : hannah we should have separate dish for the salad Rose - use the villeroy boch underneath the breakfront . please , Gregory - help yourself . there 's plenty . Rose and it do not eat very much . Rose retrieve the salad plate and return to the table . hannah ( cont would ) and we never eat meat unless it 's a special occasion . especially this rich . Gregory wonder about this . Rose be irritate by the lie . she sit and Hannah pass she the salad . Rose put down the. salad and move for the meat platter which Gregory help she with . gregory it 's delicious . Hannah give Rose a stare as she pile she plate with meat . hannah Rose ? rose what ?! mother and daughter 's irritation build . Gregory hand Rose the bread . gregory you have to dip the bread in this gravy ~ it 's amazing . Rose smile and take the bread . the two be enjoy they meal as Hannah quietly eat she salad , feel thwart . hannah you know , my young daughter Claire be get marry at the end of the month . I hope Rose have invite you to come instead of insist on go alone . I know she would so appreciate have someone there with here since - continued 71 . continued : ( 2 ) rose mother ! hannah ( innocently ) what ? Rose feel embarrassed . Gregory throw she a smile as if to say , '' it 's all right " . gregory well , I - have not be ask yet but I be secretly hope I be . ( Rose smile ) maybe you can put in a good word for I , Mrs. Morgan . Hannah smile falsely . Rose smirk gratefully to Gregory . int . kitchen ~- later that night . Rose and Hannah be fight . rose you have no right to say that ! hannah this be my house . I can say what I like . and I be tell you ~ you be go to lose this one if you do not watch out . rose oh please ! hannah two serving of veal ! be that necessary ? you think man marry woman who wipe they plate clean ? rose we be not get marry . and he like the way I eat ! hannah well then there 's something wrong with he . he 's a good look man . you think man like that be interested - continued continued : Rose break a plate on purpose . Hannah be shocked into silence . rose do not you dare say what you be about to say to I . Rose be so threaten in she tone , Hannah retreat and exit . Rose be shake , but pull herself together . cuT to : int . art gallery ~ day . a sign tell we it be a exhibition of a modern hungarian painter from the forty and fifty . Gregory lead Rose by the hand - Rose be wear a multi-color sundress with a revealing neckline and a wild picture hat . rose what ? what be we see ? gregory we be almost there . Gregory lead she to a painting - a six foot portrait of a beautiful woman with flame red hair , half nude , wear only a camisole that be slip off she body as she stand before a sunlit window . the woman look very similar to jessie . Rose look at the picture . rose my God . she 's beautiful . gregory she 's my mother . ( Rose be fascinate ) she live in Europe after she leave my father and I . we do not hear anything for year until a associate of my father 's tell we she be see with this hungarian painter who be start to make a name for himself . he apparently take he work back to hungary with he and it be not until the Eastern bloc fall that he work come to the state . rose wow . be she ... still alive ? cowtimued 73. continued : gregory no . she die of cancer during my second year at Harvard . she be live with she fifth husband in Seattle . I like he . I go to all the wedding . we always spend she last night as a free woman together . that 's what she would call it . I would even help she get dress for the ceremony . I remember be fascinate watch she put on make - up . I would watch this ritual over and over until I know exactly the moment when she would reach for the eyeliner er blend in she rouge . Rose listen , see the wounded boy inside Gregory for the first time . gregory ( cont would ) but then every boy think they be mother be beautiful , huh ? I come to see it whenever they give a show of he work ... but I have ... never bring anyone before . Rose be so touch . she reach for he hand and hold it tight . she be fall in love with this man . Gregory squeeze she hand affectionately . it be a tender moment until ~- alex ( 0.s. ) Rose ? Rose be startle to see Alex approach . without think , she abruptly let go of Gregory 's hand ~ a gesture both she and Gregory notice . Alex kiss she helio . Rose feel embarrassed by she knee - jerk reaction . rose Alex . hi. uh , this be Gregory larkin . they shake hand , Gregory meeting Rose 's secret love for the first time . alex I be with Morgan . he let I in the backroom to see the private stash . ( to painting ) this be a pretty one . what be it ? continued 74 , continued : ( 2 ) Gregory be uncomfortable as be Rose . . rose yes , we be just wonder who the artist be . Gregory be grateful for Rose not revealing he secret . Rose feel awful for reacting as she do in Alex 's presence . CUT to : ext . jeeve dry cleaners - day . Gregory exit the dry cleaner with he tuxedo . he walk down the street . he pass by a news stand display a variety of magazine and tabloid . he stop suddenly . he turn back to the next stand . something catch he eye . he move toward one particular magazine - a parisian fashion monthly . he pick it up to read the cover int . gregory's bedroom - day . camera pan the tuxedo lay on the bed as the phone ring . the answer machine pick up . rose ( v.0 . ) greg it 's I ... listen , I have to go with Claire to the church so you have two choice ... camera pan to magazine cover which read : poetess wedding to greek banking king . a photo of jessica in a wedding dress , poise beside a older but dignify look Greek gentleman . rose ( cont would ) you can either go with my mother , which would qualify you for sainthood , or just meet we at the church . either way be fine . give I a call . bye . Gregory sit despondently . his heart sink . curt to : int . rose's bedroom ~ day . it be the day of Claire 's wedding . Rose sit at she vanity wear she may of honor dress , try to figure out some way she can look prettier . continued 75 . continued : she try as shake of lipstick on she upper lip . she 's not sure . she try a different shade on she lower lip . she then flip lip back and forth until she give up and wipe they off . next , she’ try she straight hair - pull it back , up , over she ear . she let it go . this be difficult for she . she pull open she drawer and take out a cookie . change she mind , she toss it into the garbage . the phone ring . she hesitates before pick it up - have a bad premonition . rose hello ? intercut : int , gregory's apt . ~ day . Gregory ~- half dress - have a difficult time speak . intercut the conversation : gregory it 's I . rose hi . I have not hear from you in a couple of day . everything all right ? gregory I do not know . I wake up ... feel a little dizzy ... and uh ... rose do you have a temperature ? gregory I think I might ... I do not have a thermometer . rose well you should stay home ... get in bed . gregory yeah I ... I think I should ... I be so sorry Rose . rose ( disappointed ) it 's ok . really . take care of yourself . I will call you tomorrow . ok ? continued ss 76 . continued : she hang up . she act as if she know the truth . she rise from she vanity and sit on the edge of she bed to put on she shoe . on she bed lay a women' fashion magazine ~- open to the same magazine on which jessie appear . she stare at jessie and feel foolish for think seriously about greg . cuT to : ext . church - day . a beautiful country church - complete with steeple and grassy grounds . a figure in a bridesmay gown rush into the church . cuT to : int . church hallway —- day . rose , the woman in the bridesmay gown , enter out of breath and speak to claire , the bride , who be pace up and down ; rose I do not know where she be . claire I '11 kill she ! I know she would do this to I ! she can not stand I be the one get the attention today . Old bitch ! we should have have she commit when she turn sixty . rose Claire - you can not have someone commit for excessive vanity . hannah ( 0.s. ) thank you Rose . Rose and Claire turn to the entrance to see hannah in a a sequined low CUT , slinky gown with a slit up the middle . she hold a brown paper bag . hannah ( cont would ) it 's comforting to have one compassionate daughter . fix you bust , Rose . it 's go in two direction . Rose begin to adjust herself , like a pavlovian reflex . enrage , Claire stare at the sexy dress in exasperation . continued 77 . continued : claire what the hell be you wear ? hannah this happen to be a scassi ! clatre you be the mother of the bride ! you be not the " open act " ! hannah ( insulted ) Fine ! I will go home and change . claire oh shut -up . everybody 's wait . the priest be start to sweat . hannah all celibate sweat - if they do not , they would explode . claire just as a reminder , today be my day «+ . my fucking day ! and if you do not behave , I be gonna have you birth certificate blow up as a Christmas card . hannah 5 I should have never encourage you to speak . rose usher she through the chapel door . han nah smile at everyone , as they " ooo " and '' aah " at she loveliness ... she walk down the aisle - take as much time as a bride aight . Rose and Claire watch from the hallway . claire look at Alex ... he 's so nervous . Rose look at alex - yet think of Gregory . claire ( cont would ) that best man be cute ... tch ... oh decision , decision ... you turn ! go! go ! comtinued 78. continued : ( 2 ) she push Rose into the aisle . Rose do not like all the eye stare at she - she know she do not look that pretty in she pumpkin organza gown . she stare straight ahead , careful to avoid Alex 's eye as she arrive at the altar . Claire make she way down . everyone stand . Rose admire she sister 's beauty and poise . she discreetly glance over to Alex fantasy : Alex look over to Rose and mouth the word , " I really love you " . Rose smile and nod understandingly . suddenly : gregory ( 0.s. ) rose ! everyone look to the back of the church . gregory have . arrive . he run down the aisle , push Claire aside , hop over the altar and grab Rose in he arm much to the shock of Alex , the priest , hanmah and the entire congregation . they kiss . reality : Rose watch Alex watch Claire with great love - wonder if anyone would ever look at she like that . int . HOTEL reception hall ~ night . the party be in full swing . Rose wander through the guest with a full plate of buffet food , sit down at a table with Hannah . Hannah glare at she . Rose do not care . a drunken , carefree Alex arrive on the scene . he put he arm around Rose , who be make immediately uncomfortable . alex have you see Claire ? I can not find she . rose ( rise , take he arm off she ) uh no .. I '1l find she for you . alex thanks . you look beautiful tonight Rose . continued 73. continued : rose {not believe he ) thanks . alex no , I be not just say that . you really look really beautiful . rose I hear you . why do not you go have some coffee . i'1l find Claire . Rose exit ; Alex turn to Hannah to explain ; alex I be serious . I be not be nice . hannah ( sarcastically polite ) I know . Rose make she way through the reception hall when she hear the band play a fanfare . she turn to the bandstand and see Claire poise there , ready to throw she bouquet . bandleader ok ... we would like all the single lady up here on the dancefloor . we bride 's go to toss the bouquet . not be able to stand this , Rose make a hasty exit . int . empty ballroom ~- night . in a empty hotel ballroom , Rose sit by herself at a piano . Rose be play a beautiful melody that echoe throughout the empty space . she be quietly cry as she hear the cheer and laughter from the ballroom nearby . behind she , at the entrance - gregory appear wear a tuxedo . he quietly cross to she . gregory I do not know you play piano . Rose be startle but hide she surprise with coolness . continued continued : 80 . rose mother think I need something grow up . it be either piano or a nose job . what be you do here ? gregory I ... come to apologize . Rose , I be not really sick ... I be - rose I know . it be jessie ... I read about it . you do not have to do this . you certainly do not have to dress up to do this . gregory I be sorry . I want to be here for you . be you all right ? rose Fine . like I say , I do not have to fantasize anymore . ( add ) about anyone . gregory Rose , I want to ask you something . rose Gregory , I think we should stop see each - gregory please . before you say that , just listen . because I can only say this once . I have be sit in ny apartment for day think it out so do not feel as if I be be impulsive . Rose ... I be very ... very fond of you . when I be with you I feel ina strange way as if - I be home . I think we ... I think we be great together . and I think ... rose what be you say ? continued continued : ( 2 ) gregory well whatever it be , I be say it wrong , be not I ? this feel you have for Alex - I know it be not the same with I . but I think ... we have a kind of love that do not look like anything else . it 's may be difficult to pinpoint but I believe it 's there . we have a passion for knowledge and for all that life can show we instead of a passion for each other . but 's it 's real . I know I have never mention it before but I have hope you could feel it . in we own way , I believe we love other . ( pause ) I think we should get marry . Rose be stunne . her mind be racing . gregory ( cont would ) I know what you be think ? we have not have sex . if this be 1900 that would not be a question but since it 's not all I can say be - it 's not that important to I . what we have instead , be . I figure we will just let the rest of it happen naturally . ( Rose be speechless ) we experience with love in the past have leave we miserable . but , perhaps , there be a order to it . perhaps , it lead we here . rose ( pause , then : ) I know this be go to sound really stupid but ... all I keep think of be - how can I marry someone I have never even kiss ? bl . Gregory consider this then , very slowly , carefully , sit down beside Rose and gently kiss she - gregory any other consideration ? continued 82. continued : ( 3 ) rose just one question . this be really happen , be not it ? cuT to : int . rose & hannah's apartment ~ night . Rose sit at she vanity , still in she bridesmay gown . Rose enter , already dress for bed . hannah what be you do ? what 's wrong ? Rose hesitates for a moment - then decide to tell she . rose Gregory propose to I . hannah what ! ? rose a man propose to I . do you want a valium !? hannah but ... you hardly know this man . you say it be not that kind of relationship . you say you have never even be physical with he . rose I have not . hannah oshock ) and you say yes !? rose yes . he want I . he want I ! maybe not the way you and Claire be want but want just the same . hannah to cook and clean for he probably . rose well then it will not be much different from live here . comti mued continued : Hannah be 83. insulted further . Rose talk more intimately ; rose ( cont would ) look , I admit it be not you average marriage proposal but - ( vulnerably ) nothing else be come , we both know that - this may be it for I . he say he love I in he way . maybe that 's all I can have . hannah you be in love with he be not you ? rose no I ... hannah ( strong , curt ) listen to I , my darling daughter . I may have make a great many mistake when it come to you so I know you have no respect for my opinion . but if you marry this man loving hin , know he do not love you in the same way - he will hate you for it . I know . I be never " in love " with you father '' that way " . I marry he because I know he adore I and always would but after a while that adoration become insufferable to I . I could not stand he touch I . every gesture have this pathetic plea to love he in return and I simply could not do it . that he die first and so early be he good fortune . rose poor daddy . hannah - it be torture for I ! and it 's the same torture you will be put he through . for a moment , Rose believe she . but she fight back . continued 84. continued : ( 2 ) rose you will say anything to keep I here , will not you ? youtre scared to death of be alone and you jealous ~ jealous of someone find something in I worth want ! you know you can not compete with Claire but I ! a man want I ! how ridiculous ! well ya know something mother - a man do ! so you can just eat you fuck heart out ! ¢she rise ) do you honestly believe that by keep I this spinster daughter , you beauty last any longer ? you be get old mom . and there 's nothing that I can do about it . Hannah be stung by the truth of Rose 's word as Rose exit . CUT to : int . CITY hall - day . Gregory and Rose , both in suit , stand in front of a judge , with witness Henry on one side and doris on the other . Hannah be not present . as the judge speak , Rose notice thing around the office that do not exactly fit a romantic 's dream wedding ; a old Mr. coffee half full with dirty coffee mug and coffee grind around a use filter ... dirty , grimy window look out over gray office building with pigeon perch on they ... the judge clerk , a bored black woman , eat she bag lunch and read a danielle steele book . Rose look to Gregory who face the judge with a immobile expression . she then look over to doris , who offer a sympathetic smile - as if doris understand . Rose smile back gratefully .... she turn , hope she 's make the right choice . cuT to : int . gregory ( and rose be ) bedroom ~ day . gregory's bed have be replaced by two twin beds with bureaus . Rose unpack she thing into she bureau . she move about the room with a tentativeness . she move to Gregory 's bureau . she examine he thing - a book , a extra pair of glass , a cologne , a box of cufflink and tie-pin - with care and curiosity . this be she husband 's thing . the think flash across she mind . Gregory enter . continued bs. continued : Rose return to she un -pack . gregory I have 's make some room on the shelf for you book . I have put that box in the live room . be you find everything easily ? rose yes . I be finish . all unpack . a wedding night nervousness pervade . gregory so , uh , what would you like to do ? rose ( casually ) go to bed ... ( quickly ) to sleep . to sleep in bed . go to bed to sleep . gregory it 's be a long day . I have a early student 's meeting . when do you have to get up ? ( fix the alarm ) rose my first class be at ten . gregory I will try not to wake you . pause . they stand awkwardly opposite each other . gregory ( cont would ) would you like to use the bathroom first ? rose great . yes . thanks . she take she robe and thing and exit into bathroom . Gregory take a breath and begin to undress . he take off he tie and methodically fold it onto a tie rack where other tie lay in prefect order . he undoe he shirt , put it on a hanger and button it up again fastidiously . continued b86 , continued : ( 2 ) he take off he pants and fold they so the crease remain in tact upon the hanger . at that moment , Rose speak as she open the door . rose ( cont would ) greg , where be the - see Gregory in nothing but he underwear , Rose freeze . Gregory also do not know where to put he eye or hand . he try to act casual . gregory where be what ? rose ( tongue-ty ) the uh ...the ...uh ... {ca not remember ) hahaha ...um .... gregory washcloth ? rose ok ... yeah ... yes. washcloth ! gregory under the sink . she close the door . Gregory quickly put on he robe . he realize this be more difficult than he think . int . bedroom - late at night . Gregory be asleep . Rose 's bed be unmade , but empty . camera pan around to Rose , sit in a chair by the window , drink a cup of tea quietly . she wear man 's pajamas and robe . she rise . she cross to a mirror and look at herself and she wedding ring . she be now a marry woman . she wonder if she look any differently . she see a shopping bag by she bureau contain a unwrapped present . she take the bag into the bathroom , close the door . int . bathroom ~ night . removing the box , she open it and read a gift card : for a married lady ... I want polaroid of the wedding night - love you , doris . Rose smile . she lift a beautiful negligee out of the box and put it up to she body . continued 87. continued : look in the mirror , she wonder if she will ever get to use it . cuT to : montage ~ ext . campus ~ day . Rose and Gregory walk hand in hand . Rose notice young girl notice they and she like it . they reach a place where they must separate . for a awkward moment , they do not know how to kiss each other . finally they give each other a quick peck on the cheek . Gregory exit . Rose look frustrated . int . gregory's CLASS ~ day . in jeans and a sweater , Gregory continue he new , popular teach style . int . bedroom ~ night . Rose be read in bed . Gregory be in the bathroom with the door half open . Rose can not heip but sneak a peak from the bed to the mirror inside the bathroom , where she see Gregory step out of the shower . when he reach for a towel , he arm shut the door - cut off Rose 's view . she return to she book . cur to : ext . museum mile - day . Rose stop to buy flower on the street with Henry 's neweat young brunette . camera continue on to Henry and Gregory who continue walk . gregory so how old be she ? henry twenty - three . I meet she at a Paul bunyon shadow seminar . she serve the juice . I have to tell you - have sex with someone that young , who have not experience the same history as you be mind blow . I be bury inside she , think ; she be bear after watergate . ( more ) comtimued continued : a8. henry ( cont would ) it never happen to she . this tit know nothing of presidential betrayal . and suddenly , I do not either . it be the most utopian fuck I have ever have . ( change subject ) so , how about you . look like it 's go well . gregory better than that . henry she look different from the wedding day . gregory different ? how ? henry no I mean that in a good way . have you two ... ? gregory no , and it have not make a bit of difference . but we can tell that Henry 's sexual escapade have leave a impression of yearn in Gregory . meanwhile , Rose ask the brunette , incredulously . rose how many time ? brunette five . he have incredible stamina . I could not walk . Rose be impressed , and a little jealous . curt to : ext . STREET - night . on the way to a Carnegie Hall concert , Gregory and Rose walk and talk . continued continued : 89 . gregory I have notice over the past month or sa you have be dress differently . rose ( ask boldly ) oh . do you like it ? gregory however you wish to dress be for you to choose . I would not think of interfere . I only wonder what prompt the change ? rose ( disappointed , she cover ; ) oh , new season . New clothes . a awkward moment of silence . as they approach the entrance to Carnegie Hall , a 0.s. voice call : barry ( 0.s. ) Rose ? Rose turn to see barry neufeld arm in arm with a plain woman name gloria - short and heavier than Rose , with a huge smile and friendly eye . rose Barry ! hi ... barry you look great . oh , this be gloria .. gloria this be Rose ... rose hi ... this be .. Gregory larkin barry , yes I know . I be a fan of you book . rose you look great Barry . barry Marriage agree with I . rose Marriage !? congratulation ! continued $ 0 , continued : ( 2 ) gloria ( ecstatic ) thank you ! barry yep , finally find someone who like my trick . they laugh , albeit somewhat uncomfortably . but Barry and gloria be truly crazy about each other . Barry hug she tighter and kiss she hand . there be physical affection between the two . Rose be very move by the gesture . rose I be really happy for you . barry thanks . you too ! better go in huh . they all begin to enter ... Rose with Gregory by she side but not touch . Barry and gloria walk with he arm hugging she waist . Rose can not help but notice . int . carnegie hall ~ night . greg and Rose sit together listen to strauss ' overture to " der rosenkavalier " . the music be lush and romantic . she glance over to Barry and gloria , who sit with Barry 's arm around she shoulder . they never seem to be further away than a touch . they seem so happy to she . Rose feel a little sad . Gregory take out he sound wave computer . Rose smile at he - but it 's not the same . cut to : int . gregory & rose's bedroom - night . Gregory be on the floor finish sit-up as Rose hold he foot down , with a towel around she neck . he be bare - chest and sweaty . Rose eye he with lustful long . fantasy : Gregory stop he sit-up and stare back at she . suddenly , he lunge toward Rose and give she a passionate kiss as he roll on top of she . reality : continued 91 . continued : Gregory finish up he last sit - up with a moan of pleasure . Rose move behind he to towel wipe he back and neck . thanks . gregory gather up she courage , Rose decide to make a move . she turn the wipe down into a massage , rub deeper and deeper into he back , move she hand down the front of he body . Gregory suddenly get nervous and tense up . gregory ( cont would ) ow ! rose ( stop ) oh ! sorry ! be that too hard ? gregory ( vise ) no ... that 's ok . I be all sweaty . I should shower and uh ... I have to floss . rose well , when you gotta floss , you gotta floss . he exit into the bathroom . Rose sit on the floor frustrated . we hear a crash in the bathroom . Gregory exit hold a old cup of coffee . gregory Rose ... please ... could you remember not to leave you morning coffee in the bathroom rose sure . sorry . gregory thank you . he reenter the bathroom . Rose remain on the floor - disappointed and frustrated . CUT to : 92 . int . kitchen - night . Rose be cooking as she listen to dylan be " stuck inside a mobile with that memphis blue again " blast on the live room stereo . Gregory enter and yell over the music . gregory hi. rose hi. there be a coolness between then . before he turn off gregory would you mind terribly if we put something else on during dinner ? I be wonder if maybe you would like to - can finish , Rose march out of the kitchen and the stereo . Gregory be surprised by she abruptness . gregory ( cont would ) we do not have to take it off now . I only mean ... rose Gregory - you do not like Dylan . you want to put on opera put it on . gregory not if you do not want - rose Gregory , put the damn opera on ! gregory ( intimidate ) which one would you like ? rose what 's the difference as long as it 's someone sing about death and suicide . gregory well not all opera be - rose Gregory ! that be not a invitation to a opera lesson ok . gregory Rose , be you upset about something ? continued 93. continued : rose look ! you do not like Dylan , just say so - do not act like it 's just a suggestion you be make and then turn it around so suddenly it 's I who choose what fuck opera what we hear ! gregory why be you angry ? rose because I feel like it ! do not you ever shout or lose control or feel angry for no apparent good reason !? gregory I do not see the point . it 's not very constructive . rose no , it 's just human . gregory be you be imply I be not human ? rose i'm not implying ! i'm saying it ! pause . Gregory assess the situation . gregory maybe it would be best if we have some distance tonight and gather ourselves . i'11 eat out . he exit . Rose want to clobber hin . int . bedroom - later that night . Rose be in bed read a book , blast jimi hendrix from the live room . a tired Gregory enter . Rose do not bother to look up from she book . Gregory cross into the bathroom . int . bathroom ~- night . Gregory enter to find ten cup of old coffee surrounding the sink . his temper rise but he control it . 94 , int . bedroom - Gregory ask politely . gregory if this be a joke , I be miss it . Rose put down she book and begins to floss her teeth . gregory ( cont would ) I be really at a loss here . can not we discuss what 's ... the music invade he concentration . gregory ( cont would ) that music be a little loud . would you mind if I ... the guitar lick seem to get louder . Gregory be clearly angry but hold it back . he yell to be hear . gregory ( cont would ) be it necessary to have the music this loud ?! Rose jump to she knee and defiantly push she face up to he . rose yes ! face to face , lip almost touch , it look as if they might hit each other or - fantasy : Gregory grab Rose and fling she down . he rip off he shirt and tie and pounce on she . reality : gregory I be really at a loss as to what be go on here . Rose deflate . she get off the bed and exit into the live room . we hear the music shut off . Gregory stand confuse . cuT to : 95 . ext . outdoor cafe - day . Rose , doris and Claire be have lunch . Rose be only play with she food while the two other eat heartily . doris you be make a awful lot of assumption . have you talk to he about it ? ( Rose shake she head ) well then how do you know how he feel ? rose doris - we never make love ! he never tell I I look pretty . he never ... look at I like that . claire well do you ever look at he like that ? rose please - if I look at he with any more desire , I would set he on fire . claire maybe that 's what he need . maybe you have to make the first move . Men be really stupid , Rose . God give them dick so they would have something to hold onto when they scratch they head ! sometimes , I have to bang Ray over he head just to let he know I be in the mood . doris / rose Ray ? rose who 's Ray ? claire Ray ? do I say Ray ? I mean Alex . Ray ! hal who 's Ray ? Rose and deris look at each other suspiciously . cuT to : int . henry's office - day . a sullen Gregory sit before a sympathetic Henry . continued continued : 96 . henry have you try make love ? gregory well , that 's just it . I honestly have not have the desire . and what if if it do not work ? we relationship be never base on that . I love she a great deal but ... henry she 's not jess . gregory that have nothing to do with it . henry you publisher call I . he say he speak to you about a lecture tour in London and Paris when you book get release next month . want to know if I would be amenable to replace you for the rest of the semester . gregory ( flustered ) I know . I have not say anything because I have not decide if I want to do it or not . henry he say the offer come from they overseas counterpart beaux Art publish . be not that one of the company jessie 's new husband own ? Gregory do not answer . obviously this secret have be influence he . Henry begin with what seem like a non - sequitur : henry ( cont would ) do you know that in the past two year I have be with ... eleven aifferent woman , most of they half my age . not one last longer than two month . some do not last the night . not one of they have a sense of humor I understand . ( more ) continued 97 , continued : ( 2 ) henry ( cont would ) one girl actually think a farewell to arm be a new diet book . I go to my gym the other day and see the most incandescent creature climb a stairmaster . even she sweat be perfectly distribute about she body . I think she be stare at I the whole time until I realize she have head phone on and be look at MTV on a monitor behind my head . I go into the locker room and walk my naked 56 year old body through a room of apollos and sit in a steam room where I be proposition by a bald man with hair on he shoulder . it be the highlight of my day . ( pause ) do not give up on this greggy . you do not know what you have . cuT to : int . apartment - night . Rose be in the kitchen prepare two glass of wine . she wear a negligee that 's flimsier than anything we have see she in . she check she face in the reflection of the microwave , then breathes a deep sigh . int . bedroom - night . Gregory sit up in he bed watch a ballgame . he too look anxious as Rose enter with a tray and two glass . he try to cover he anxiety with conversation . gregory I uh ... I have the game on for you . rose oh well ... we do not have to watch . gregory do not matter to I . rose I buy that wine Henry recommend . continued 98. continued : gregory oh , before bed ? I do not know Rose . T will wake up with head pressure . rose no it 's white - you say only red do that . gregory all right . one glass . Rose offer he a glass , then set the tray on she bed , take she glass . she stand as they sip . gregory ( cont would ) mmm ... good . fruity . I do not normally like fruity but this be good . Gregory realize she 's stand . he ask gently ; gregory ( cont would ) do you want to sit down ? rose ( act surprised ) oh ok . Rose walk around to the other side of Gregory 's bed and sit down next to he , lean up against a pillow . they both feel immediately uncomfortable though pretend they do not . they sip in silence , each body rigid and detach from the other . they both have they eye on the game but neither be watch . Rose decide to make she move . she set she glass on the nightstand then scoot herself up higher on the pillow . Gregory keep he eye straight ahead . rose ( cont would ) that wine make I warn . gregory I could lower the thermostat , rose no , it 's ok pause . they return to the tv . Rose muster all she courage and begin to unravel the tie that keep she nightgown fastened . she nervously loosen it enough to open the front , revealing she cleavage and the outline of she breast . continued 99 . continued : ( 2 ) Gregory , know full well what she have do , keep he eye on the set . pause . no one move ... until - at exactly the same moment ; Rose move to give Gregory a kiss , just as Gregory turn away to place he glass on the other nightstand . Rose 's face butt Gregory 's shoulder , which jolt he forward , knock over the wine glass . he try to retrieve it but , in a split second , knock over the lamp instead and throw the room into darkness . the only illumination come from the tv . gregory / rose I be sorry . no .. my fault .. sorry . pause . Gregory face she and ask apprehensively yet bluntly ; gregory do ... do you want to ... rose do not say it . gregory ( logically ) well maybe if we undress and get into bed . rose ( act surprised ) oh ... all right . then stiffly turn away from each other and begin to disrobe . then , each slip beneath the cover and lay next to each other , look up at the ceiling . both be clearly nervous and apprehensive . they turn on they side to face each other . the lovemake that follow be precisely choreograph in beat ; . - - they begin with passionless , mechanical kiss . neither one touch the other . they feeling in check . ~- Rose begin to feel something first . she plant a kiss on Gregory that linger a bit longer . Gregory keep he eye open as Rose begin to lose herself a little . - Gregory feel it be he move and he choose to stroke she hair and face . Rose receive this with some self ~ - consciousness . continued 100 . continued : ( 3 ) ~ Rose then grab he hand and pull he toward she , as she rap she arm around he and kiss he firmly and passionately . ~ we can tell Gregory be still a little stiff but this do not hinder Rose . she begin to ravage he , push on he back and kissing he face , neck and shoulder . Gregory begin to have trouble breathe ... Rose kiss he again on the mouth . ~ Gregory return the kiss - but there be no passion . he 's think too hard ~- refuse to let go and open up that part of he . Rose work even harder ; rub he , touch he , kissing he body . but Gregory give very little in the way of surrender or response . ~ Rose pull Gregory back on top of she and he try to : enter . she continue touch , kissing and hugging but we can see that she be crying , know that he be not respond . ~ Gregory , work at feel something , find that he cannot . he suddenly stop try . he pull himself off of Rose , who quickly raise the sheet over to she bedy . she want to die . Gregory search for a explanation . gregory I be so sorry Rose . I be ... Rose turn away from he and start to cry silently ; he do not know what to say . he feel very badly . gregory ( cont would ) Rose ? Rose hide she face , fill with hurt and shame . rose please . I just want to go to sleep . gregory rose. listen ... what we have ... I have never have with a woman what I share with you ... the way I feel about myself with you ... the way I see myself through you . you be so good for I . continued 101 . continued : ( 4 ) rose ( into she pillow ) I can not tell you how tired I be of be good for people . Gregory do not know what to say . Rose pull herself together . rose ( cont would ) I ... I really do not want to talk right now ok ? let 's talk tomorrow . I ++. I just want to go to sleep . Rose turn into she bed . Gregory shut off the light . CUT to : int . kitchen ~ morning . Gregory , dress for school , sit as Rose pour he coffee . she sit opposite he - calmly and collect . rose I think it would be a good idea if we have some time apart for a while . do not you agree ? gregory if that 's what you want . rose I think it would be a good thing . gregory I have be offer a lecture tour for my book . I can start next month . rose where ? gregory London and ... Paris . Rose feel a pang of despair when she hear " Paris " . rose will you see she , do you think ? gregory I do not know Rose , continued 102 . continued : pause . Rose smile to herself . . rose wrong answer . well , anyway , I do not think I want to wait the month . I think I will move back with my mother for a while . then when you get back from Europe , we will ... we will see what we feel , ok ? Gregory nod . he reach for she hand but Rose move away with the excuse : : rose ( cont would ) I have to get the toast . she exit into the kitchen . Gregory feel awful . cuT to : int . rose's old bedroom - night . Rose enter and shut the door slowly . she take in the room for a moment , then remove she coat . she sit down at she vanity . she look at herself in the mirror , coldly . hannah enter , in a silk robe and stand in the doorway . she look old . as if since Rose 's departure , she own age have suddenly advanced itself . she say coldly . hannah I have plan tomorrow so if you thing be come you should tell the doorman to accept then . Rose do not even flinch , or look in she direction . she speak in a deaden tone , void of any sentiment or emotion as stare into the mirror and remember ; - rose when I be a little girl you use to tell I to sleep with my index finger push my nose up , so it would not droop . hannah I do not . continued continued : 103 . rose yes you do . it 's funny what mother forget and what daughter remember . you even suggest I scotch tape my nose up so I would be more comfortable . you tell I if I be fat , no one would ever look at I and smile . and the funny thing be , I would have never know I be not beautiful if it be not for that thing . all that hour i. waste wishing I look like someone else . all that time . hannah I be go to bed . rose Mom ? hannah what ? rose how do it feel ? hannah how do what feel ? rose be beautiful ? hannah please . you be be morbid . rose ( sincerely ) no I mean it . have people look at you with such ... recognition ? look at yourself with such _ appreciation ... how do it feel ? Hannah seriously consider this and say , with genuine feel - border on long ; hannah it be wonderful . continued 104 , continued : ( 2 ) two woman in silence - one contemplate the future , the other wishing for the past . cuT to : int . london HOTEL ~ night . Gregory be receive he dinner from room service . he sign the check . the waiter leave . he turn on a classical music station and sit down to eat . the first thing he see be a three cornered fold napkin . he think of Rose . CUT to : int . dr . warner' office ~ day . the doctor sit a a computer terminal impute information as Rose sit beside he . the terminal have a facsimile of Rose , with the doctor make addition or subtraction as they speak . dr . warner see if we take a little off the chin and pull this up ... ( imput ) we can take the bump out of the nose and remove the cartilage here and maybe build up this area ... we may also want to do some cheek reconstruction . how 's that ? Warner exchange seat with Rose . Rose look at this new image of herself - with refine , soften feature . although she lose she own uniqueness , the image be definitely more recognizably beautiful and feminine . rose wow . I look like bambi . cut to : int . french HOTEL lobby - day . Gregory be register at the hotel . a clerk bring he a sealed letter with he name on it . clerk this arrive for you yesterday . continued 105 . continued : Gregory take the note . the handwrite be distinctly feminine . the initial " J. A. " in the corner . Gregory 's heart begin to race . curt to : ext . park - day . Henry and Rose talk as they stroll . Henry have he arm around she affectionately . henry have you hear from yet ? rose no . I be sure they be together . henry I do not think so . know greg as I do , he 's too much of a gentleman . he would probably call to ask for permission first . I know this may be hard to believe , but you mean a great deal to he . rose a great deal . that 's what I be . henry there be some man who have heen know to come to they sense about this sort of thing . . rose name one ? ( Henry can not ) you man have it make . Love be the ultimate unequal opportunity . you guy hire and fire with complete discrimination . I hate love . it make you lose you sense of irony . it would not be as hard have a man leave you if he do not take you sense of humor with hin . henry I think man be man because we do not have the gut to be woman . you know why I sleep with girl ? ( more ) continued 106 . continued : henry ( cont would ) because they be the perfect symbiosis of all that be possible and all that be mysterious . life run through they at light speed . as I get older I realize I be not so much a lech as I be a vampire . they stop . Henry speak sincerely to Rose . . henry ( cont would ) I wish to God I have the gut to be with someone like you . Rose consider this compliment then say calmly . rose fuck you . Henry shrug in agreement and they continue walk . cur to : ext . les deux magot - day . on the place Saint - germain - de - pre , Gregory sit at a large corner outdoor cafe , deux magot . he sit expectantly . a white limousine drive up to the curb . a uniform driver get out and open the door . Gregory 's heart stop . jessie , wear a beautiful white suit with pearl , look every inch the wife of a millionaire . she be stun . Gregory can hardly move . she cross to he table and stand before hin . jessica hi. jessie lean over and kiss he on the cheek . Gregory get a whiff of she and nearly swoon . she sit . jessica ( cont would ) do you know I only find out last week that you be marry . do I know she ? ( he shake he head ) it look good on you . continued continued : gregory you look ... breathtaking . 107 . jessie smile , genuinely appreciate the remark . a waiter approach . in subtitles , jessie say in french : jessica White wine and a small house salad . no dress . Gregory think of rose. cut to : int . rose's bedroom ( hannah's apartment ) - night . Rose sit curl up in she bed watch tv in a old sweat suit . Hannah enter wear a simple sweater and pants outfit . she look softer than usual , but just as beautiful . hannah so , have you decide ? rose about what ? hannah the plastic surgery . ( Rose shake she head ) well , I want you to know that if you decide to go through with it - it 's my gift . I will pay for everything . rose why ? hannah what do you mean why ? I be you mother . I want to do this for you . I think it 's a terrific idea . get rid of the old . start fresh . get a whole new outlook on thing . and whether or not this husband of yours come home want to continue or not , you will the power to choose what you want . rose why can not I do all that without surgery ? continued los . continued : hannah ( stump ) well ... I suppose you can . I just want you to know I supportive of this in case you decide that 's what you want . Hannah feel very motherly . Rose smile , see this silly woman who once could hurt she so deeply , as something endear , almost innocently unconscious . hannah ( cont would ) after you leave , I rearrange all the closet and I come across some old clothes of you father . I find this . I think you would get a kick out of it . Hannah pull a photograph out of she purse . Rose look over Hannah 's shoulder at a old photo of a pretty little girl in a pink dress , smile into the camera . rose God , she be so pretty . hannah that 's not Claire . that 's you . rose be completely taken by surprise . rose I ? I never see this picture . hannah it be in some terry cloth robe of he . Rose take the picture and stare at it ~- like a bury - treasure discover . hannah ( cont would ) «+ . when I would take you and Claire out , everyone would comment on you . how bright you be ... like a flashbuib , you father would say . you be just two there . rose ( softly , vulnerably ) it be pretty ? continued continued : 109 , ( 2 ) hannah you father adore you . but you know that . he never think of Claire . only you . especially in the early year , after Claire be bear . and after a while ... even I do not occupy he thought so much . rose stop it . daddy idolize you . hannah because I torture he if he do not . but if I have not ? ( shrug ) he think you be the most beautiful thing he would ever see . I do not think he would ever even hold a baby before you come . have you be quite a experience for he . ( almost vulnerable ) you say some horrible thing to I I may be a complete monster of a mother but that do not mean I ... ( she can not say it ) no one teach you how to raise a child . you do not know what to do until you be do it and by then it 's too late . the damage be do . Rose look at she mother with great fondness and warmth . rose do not flatter yourself Mom . T be not that damage . Hannah sneak a smile , then ; hannah so ... you think I need a lift ? rose ( sincerely ) no mom ... you be still a very beautiful woman . hannah ( smile ) ah , no ... I be just a old bag . continued 110 . continued : ( 3 ) beat . Rose forgive she mother for all the motherly quality she lack . she look down at the photo of herself as a girl and love what she see . cut to : ext . n.¥. STREET - day . Rose and doris stroll after lunch . doris have he call ? rose he leave a message when he leave London . he have not since he 's be in Paris . it 's be about two week . he 's suppose to come home end of next . doris well , no news be good news I guess . rose Nah , doris . good news be good news . I mean , why settle , right ? ( doris smile ) I be think - how would you feel about a roommate ? just until I can get my own place . doris stop . she notice the change in Rose and smile proudly . cuuut to : int . parisian restaurant - night . a anxious jessie sit opposite a anxious Gregory . jessie I have to admit I be surprised . you have never keep I at a distance this long before . be it because of you marriage ? ( greg nod } I do not know it be that serious . gregory be not yours ? continued continued : dil . jessie ha . no . no , it never be . two month after the ceremony he inform I he spend every summer in Greece with this Polish ballet dancer . do not be so surprised . european have a different way of look at marriage . not that I entirely disagree with it . gregory you do not seem happy . jessie I can not be a hypocrite . but - it do give I a taste of what it could be like . with the right person . I have realize something funny greg . I be so worried about wind up a wife with nothing but memory . and all this year of live my life in short unconnected perfect moment , have leave I with nothing but memory . I do not want perfection anymore . ( genuine ) I want something that will last . Gregory be truly take by she . yet , he do not know whether to trust she or not . jessie reach for he hand . Gregory take it . cur to : int . columbia teacher be lounge - day . Rose be make herself a cup of coffee when doris enter . doris ( hand she a note ) Gregory call the office . Rose be suddenly fill with dread . doris ( cont would ) he say he know it 's you free period and he will wait for you call . you do not have to if you do not want to , honey . Rose consider what to do . 112 . int . administration ( doris ' office ) ~ day . Rose be on the phone wait for Gregory to pick up . intercut : int . HOTEL room ~- night . Gregory answer the phone . intercut rose . gregory hello ? rose hi . it 's I . gregory hi . how be you ? rose good. busy . you ? gregory they tell I it 's go well . you know how I hate crowd . rose mmmm . gregory it seem odd not to have speak for so long . I ... I think it be time . rose no . I think you be right . gregory I think about you all the time . especially at meal . ( Rose fight tear ) Rose , I need to know what you be feel . about we . about we future . Rose know the end be come . rose you have see she , have not you ? gregory yes , but ~ nothing 's happen . I want you to know Rose that I be perfectly willing to continue . to try again ... I know I have make some mistake but ~ cot inued 113 . continued : Rose muster up she courage to let he go . rose look , greg ... I do not regret a single moment that we have have together . but I ... I think it be ... a beautiful experiment ... that fail . and I think we both deserve to ... find what we really want . T do not be safe for you anymore . if jessie 's who you need , they fight for she Gregory . Gregory feel overwhelmingly sad . rose ( cont would ) that 's what I would want . I would want someone to scream my name and throw everything away for I and lose he mind and not have to be " perfectly willing to try " . I want to be beautiful to someone . nothing less than beautiful . gregory Rose ... I do lov ~ ... rose Goodbye greg . Rose hang up . she could not bear hearing that . doris enter and wrap she arm around she friend . doris let it go honey . I tell you something . from where I stand - right now , you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . Rose sob as she hug doris . Gregory slowly hang up the phone . he be free to be with jessie now . but somehow , it do not feel right . CUT to : int . doris ' apartment - night . Rose and doris be curl up on the couch in front of the tv . continued ll4. continued : alex ( 0.8 . ) roooossse ! Rose and doris look at each other in disbelief . alex ( cont would ; 0.s. ) roooossse ! they simultaneously bolt for the window to see : Alex be out on the street , drunk , scream Rose 's name . doris Jesus , we only have one joint . same location - moment later . a drunken Alex be be lead into a bedroom by Rose and doris . doris I will go make coffee . doris exit . Rose plop Alex down on the bed . alex ( ranting ) you be mother would not give I the phone number . I know the building because I pick Claire up here once . rose all right calm down Alex . where be Claire ? alex she 's go Rose . I come home early one afternoon and find she fuck she personal trainer Ray under the coffee table . it 's my fault . Claire hate surprise . rose ( stunne ) oh Alex . I be so sorry . alex I be not . I be relieved actually . at least now it 's in front of I instead of in my head . I have to see you . I be sorry I yell . be you mad at I ? continued continued : Rose shake : up to she . surprise , 115 , 8 she head as stroke he hair gently . Alex look alex ( cont would ) you look great . have you lose weight ? Rose smile shyly . cut to : int . HOTEL room - night . jessie and Gregory be sit up in bed , naked , cover by sheet . it make love , be clear to we by they face that they try to but it be not successful . Gregory stare ahead as if he be read something off the inside of he brain . gregory this be fascinating . jessie ( worried ) this never happen to we before . be not you ... be not you still attract to I ? gregory I think I be . jessie you think you be ?! gregory well I be sorry . I honestly do not know . jessie do not you ... I mean , do you still love I ? Gregory think about this - look inside himself with a scientist curiosity . gregory wow . jessie wow what ? continued continued : 116 . gregory right now ... in this moment ... T do not know what I feel about you . jessie well you do not have to sound so enthusiastic ! gregory it 's not enthusiasm ... I just do not know if I want this . we can see a flash of panic on jessie 's face . jessie oh . by that do you mean ... this !- the fact of this or ... the way this be ? gregory ( confuse ) what ? jessie maybe you be tired of we in hotel room . maybe now that you have be marry you have grow accustom to something else and maybe you do not want what we have unless it can be within that same ... uh ... thing . gregory what be you say ? jessie maybe we should get marry . ( Gregory be shocked ) you say it 's over between you and Rose . I can get a divorce within a month . let get marry . there be true desperation on she face . she be speak the truth . Gregory look at she with compassion . jessie ( cont would ) we have love each other for over twenty year . think of what we could have have ... think of what we still can have . continued 117 . continued : ( 2 ) she kiss he passionately . but Gregory feel nothing . she pull away . they look into each other 's eye . beat . then ; gregory wow . jessie wow what now !? gregory I have be in love with you practically all my life . i.. I ( try to figure out a problem ) think - that 's what love feel like ..- all that long ... never feel entirely ... whole . .. but I wonder . jessie wonder what ! ? Gregory suddenly look scared . gregory I do not know . I do not know ... I have to go . he get up and start to dress . jessie be in shock . she can hardly form the word ; jessie so ... what ... 50 ... be you ... what be you say here ? you do not want to marry I ? gregory ( dress ) I do not know . no. I guess . jessie what be you say to I ? you can not ' end this after all this year . you can not just leave ! what do ... you're ... you be not go to be ... we be never go to ... to ... be together ... sometimes ... what be you saying !? Gregory hold she and smile ; comti nued 118 . continued : ( 3 ) gregory I be sorry . it will be all right ... 1 still want you in my life somehow . jumping out of bed , jessie push he away ; jessie eeww ! get away from I . oh GOD ! I feel like I be go crazy ! you be talk to I like I be some ... some pathetic lonely ... homely person with a nice personality ! like I be some woman who want you but you do not want I ! how can that be after all this year ? what , have you be lie all this time - ask I to marry you ? to trap I ? be that it ? have this be some twenty year conspiracy to get even !? some long convolute plot to make I feel like shit ? be there some hide camera around here !? what the hell be go on here ? this be not who we be together ? this isn 't who I am in this ! gregory I be so sorry . jessie get out of here . get out ! now ! she turn and exit into the bathroom slamm the door . Gregory watch all of this genuine affection ... and a little sadness . jessie will be fine with she drama . and it really be over - after all this year . CUT to : int . alex' apartment - night . Rose help Alex into he apartment , turn on the light . rose here we be . you feel better ? alex yeah . I think it be the cab ride . rose well , just get into bed and you will - continued continued : 119 , Alex pull she into a embrace and kiss she passionately . they kiss . rose ( cont would ) Alex , what be you do ? alex stay with I Rose . you be the only person in the world I want to be with right now . rose you be drunk . alex I be not . the coffee and the vomit really sober I up . rose I be thrilled for you but that do not exactly put I in the mood to sleep with you . alex do you know how jealous Claire be of you ? rose what ? alex she would get so angry when I would talk about you . about how smart you be , how funny you be , what a great cook you be . she think I have a secret crush on you . maybe she be right . again . Rose pull away . rose look , this be all very nice . honestly . but I will not do this . not like this . you have be through a lot and I understand . I suggest you take a couple of day . pull yourself together . if you still feel like you want to .. do this , then you call I . fake I out for a nice dinner - and then we will see . otherwise forget it . understand ?! continued 120 . continued : ( 2 ) alex ( boyishly ) ok . Rose can not believe it work . rose really ? alex I call you on Thursday . Rose wonder if he will . cuUT to : int . hannah's bedroom ~ night . the phone ring awaken Hannah from a deep sleep . intercut a frantic gregory pack in Paris . it be morning . hannah who be this ? gregory sorry Hannah . it 's I , Gregory . be Rose there ? hannah Rose move out . do you have any idea what the hell time it be ? gregory move ? do you have she number ? hannah be you nut !? she hang up . Gregory hang up : finish pack he bag . cor to : int . rose's classroom ~ day . the room be full as Rose lecture . continued 12i. continued : rose what be goddess ? like innana , they can be queen of Heaven ~ holy , sacred - but even she have to descend into the underworld to become complete . after confront she sister erishkegal , Queen of the underworld , innana acquire " erishkegal 's eye " ~ the ability to see with a ruthlessness for truth all that a woman be - loving , jealous , timid , ambitious , beautiful and horrifying - and rid herself of the fantasy of heaven to live authentically and freely . at that moment , doris enter with a gigantic arrangement ' of flower . everyone be impressed . doris place they on the desk . rose ( cont would ) who die ? ( laughter ) she read the card from Alex - " i'm finding it difficult to wait the two day - alex " . Rose smile . cut to : int . paris airport ~- afternoon . Gregory argue in french with a ticket man . finally , like a madman , Gregory grab he over the counter - gregory look , you snot nose french fart - I don't have time for you fucking parisian superior bullshit - just get I on a fucking plane ! french police run the the scene of the ruckus . curt to : int . doris 's office - day . Henry walk in and approach doris . henry Excuse I , be you doris ? continued 122. continued : doris look at he suspiciously . . doris yes , can I help you ? henry I be wonder if you might have a number where I can reach Rose larkin . it 's a emergency . doris why do not you just ask she ? Henry confidentially pull she off to a isolate area . henry it 's not for I , it 's for she husband Gregory . he be afraid she might not want to speak to he so he want I to ask you . he 's on he way home from Europe , you see . doris yeah , I see . you must be " the friend " I have hear about ! the one who go five time with girl young enough to be you daughter . ( Henry be shocked ) now you listen to I . Rose be feel really good about herself right now and I do not want anything get in the way of that - you hear I !? she 's see someone else right now - someone she know before Mr. larkin and she 's very excited . she 's live with I and I do not give my phone number out so just tell you friend he do not have to rush home . henry ( impressed ) would you give you phone number to I if I promise to keep it for myself ? doris I do not know . five time may be enough for a twenty year old - but you be gonna have to do better than that with I , pal . comtinued 123. continued : ( 2 ) doris walk away leave Henry tongue-ty . . CUT to : int . gatwick airport ; london - day . Gregory be on the phone with Henry . intercut the two . gregory ( panicked ) Alex . it must be Alex . well , do you at least have a address ? henry just get home ! int . plane ~- night . on a red-eye , Gregory try to use the air~phone . he speak quickly , with great irritation . gregory well if she have a apartment and she have a phone then she would be in the directory ... well she have to live gomewhere !... you mean you do not even have a list of unlist number ? her name be ... doris humpferurrur ... hummereffer .... I do not exactly know the last name but I know she life in the eighties on the East side ... can not you just ... - it's not in the phone book . contrary to you commercial , I can't find a fucking thing in you phone book ! cuT to : int . bloomingdale's cosmetics counter - late afternoon . Rose walk confidently up to a saleswoman . saleswoman yes , can I help - rose hold on . let 's get something straight sweetheart . ( more ) continued gr 124 . continued : rose ( cont would ) I be here to buy some make - up because tonight I feel like wear some . I do not usually wear any . and before you start pitching , I want you to know that I do not need a goddam thing on this counter . do you understand ? ( saleswoman nod ) now ~- I have hear a lot about this sable brushes . I bet they feel great . cur to : int . restaurant - night . Alex , dress in a suit and tie , wait for Rose at the bar . rose ( 0.s. ) Alex ? Alex turn around to find - Rose look absolutely beautiful . although the hair and make - up be subtlely different , Rose have blossom from a self - deprecate ugly duckling to a confident , self - loving swan . she be radiant . Alex be stunne . alex Rose ? cut to : ext . doris ' build ~ evening . doris be make herself dinner when she hear : gregory ( 0.s. ) roooossse ! rooqoossse ! doris head for the window and look out to see Gregory . doris man , this girl 's on a roll . cuT to : int . restaurant ~ night . Alex and Rose be have dinner . Alex eat as Rose " prepare " . continued ee 125 . continued : alex you know , it 's weird but I feel kid of guilty . I know should be upset but now that it 's over I feel like I can breath for the first time . rose that 's great . ( to pass waiter ) I ask for some dijon . I can not start until I have it . thanks . alex I just feel so unburdene . like a viel have be lift . Rose pause at he choice of metaphor . alex ( cont would ) I mean , I be so unhappy but T could not see that I have a choice . and now , I have nothing but choice . rose that 's great . where 's the damn dijon ? Alex reach across the table and take she hand . alex would not it be weird , if after all this time , we wound up together ? Rose stare at he a moment , not warming up to this idea . rose it would be eerie . Alex lean over . alex do I tell you how great you look ? rose huh-huh . , alex kiss rose as she fantasize : fantasy ~ continued 126. continued : ( 2 ) gregory barge into the restaurant , deck the maitre'd who tries to stop he , storm over to rose , push alex to the floor and sweep her into he arm . alex ( 0.s. ) what be you think ? reality - ~ Alex ask from across the table after kissing Rose . Rose hesitates . just when one fantasy have come true , another one have take it placé . she decide to tell he the truth . rose Alex , you be a great guy . but you be not my type . alex what ? ... but ... but I think ... I mena , I kind of feel that all this time you feel ... Rose look at he with a surprised expression . rose what ? that I have a crush on you ? ( Alex nod ) maybe that be just a fantasy of yours . I be very flatter , sweetie . the waiter arrive with the dijon . rose ( cont would ) finally ! thank you . Alex be perplex . suddenly , from outside the main dining area , we yelling loud voice the erupt into yelling . Alex turn around . Rose look up , at first curious , then shocked when she see : gregory , look like a craze bum , try to push he way into the dining area , be block by a maitre would and a large bartender . maitre'd call the police ! gregory rose ! rose ! continued 127 . continued : ( 3 ) rose ( to herself ) greg ? alex be not that you husband ? suddenly , Gregory fling the bartender aside , push the maitre would , run to Rose 's table . Alex stand protectively . alex ( cont would ) hey ! hold on ! Gregory deck he , pull Rose up onto she foot . gregory hil rose ril sweep Rose into he arm and carry she out of the restaurant much to the shock of the man and the joy otf the woman . ext . restaurant - night . Gregory carry she down the street . rose can I ask what do you think you be do ? what be I , a cavewoman ? put I down ! Gregory stop . he put she down gently . gregory youfre not leave I . I be so completely , without a doubt in love with you ... Police siren be hear os . Rose be startle . greg do not care . gregory ( corft would ) I will do anything . I will give up math . I will take folk guitar lesson . I will - ( stop ) my God ~ you look beautiful . comtinced — 128. continued : he grab she and kiss she . Rose can not believe what 's happen . she pull away in a moment of insecurity . rose you know I will probably gain the weight back and ir be get older . I can not always look this good . gregory I hope I be with you long enough to watch you completely deteriorate . rose good answer . they kiss . Police car arrive . bystander spill out onto the street as camera rise up to a wide angle . the end