the informant ! screenplay by Scott Z. burn base on the book by kurt eichenwald as produced GREEN corn stalk strobe past we hear a happy and informative man 's voice . we will come to know this voice as MARK whitacre 's . whitacre ( v.o. ) you know the orange juice you have every morning ? you know what 's in that ? rest on a ear of corn in the CENTER of frame Golden kernel peak out from behind the husk . whitacre ( v.0 . ) corn . exterior corn field - day we be in the middle of a endless cornfield in southern illinois . whitacre ( v.0 . ) and you know what 's in the maple syrup you put on you pancake ? you know what make it taste so good ? huge industrial machine work the ruler straight row of crop . whitacre ( v.o. ) corn . a red porsche 911 speed past the corn , down US highway 36 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) and when you be good and help with the trash , know what make the big , green bag biodegradable ? interior porsche 911 - continuous whitacre , 33 , drive he young son alexander , 6 , to school . God do not make creature any happier than whitacre . Alexander sip he half - pint carton of orange juice . whitacre do you ? Alexander hazard a guess . alexander uh-huh . corn. as produced 2. whitacre corn starch . but , daddy 's company do not come up with that one -- dupont do . whitacre thought continue in he head . whitacre ( v.0 . ) porsche or porsh - a . I have hear it both way . Three year in Germany , I should know that . what 's the german word for corn ? the word in german I really like be '' kugelschreiber . '' that 's '' pen . '' all that syllable just for '' pen . '' exterior adm headquarters - continuous the porsche pull up to the security gate at archer daniel midland headquarters in decatur . a sprawling industrial facility that make most of what America eat on any give day . and the rest of the world . grain elevator , cool tower , processing plant , load dock and a six story concrete bunker of a office building . whitacre ( v.0 . ) archer Daniels midland . most people have never hear of we . but chance be , they have never have a meal we be not part of . just read the side of the package . interior adm lobby - continuous whitacre walk through the office . whitacre ( v.0 . ) that 's we . now adm be take the dextrose from the corn and turn it into a amino acid call lysine . it 's all very scientific . but if you be a stockholder , all that matter be that corn go in one end and profit come out the other . he wave to everyone he pass . smile flash like a casino sign . whitacre ( v.0 . ) we have get the large lysine plant in the world here . that 's where I come in . as produced 3 . whitacre spot he pal kirk schmidt from accounting . whitacre kirk , when be we gonna get out there and hit some ball ? they shake hand and whitacre move on , he inner monologue continue over kirk 's response . whitacre ( v.o . ) what do they pay kirk ... what do a guy like that get ? I bet he get a hundred grand . he 's just go to sit behind that desk and ride it into the future . whitacre wave to a coworker as he enter he glass wall office . whitacre gutten morgen . super : decatur october 1992 interior whitacre 's office - continuous whitacre 's secretary , liz taylor , 35 , enter . her earring be little golden ear of corn . liz taylor Morning Mark . they have lysine result . she hand he a folder . he open it and scan the data . a column of red number and negative sign . whitacre remain positive . whitacre great . interior lysine plant - a few minute later whitacre walk among the giant fermenter -- he 's join by discouraged foreman . they check various gauge and dial . discouraged foreman we adjust the dextrose again , but the virus keep show up . think we have it surround this time . we be start a new set of culture . whitacre we will get it . we just have to stay after it . ( more ) as produced whitacre ( cont would ) the thing eat sugar and that 's what we be give they -- a warm place fill with sugar . interior adm boardroom - later whitacre sit with mick andreas , vice Chairman , 45 , 4 . and terry wilson , 55 , President . a overhead projector display the desultory performance of whitacre 's division . andreas the fuck thing be suppose to produce 113 thousand ton annually . we be not gonna get anywhere near that . we get 150 million dollar in cost over there guy . wilson do the japanese have this kind of problem with lysine ? andreas ( to whitacre ) I do not give a shit about the japanese . you just gotta get the goddamn lysine bug to eat the dextrose and shit we out some money . whitacre we be still have problem with this virus . andreas I do not want to hear about the virus anymore . Terry , how much be we lose a month ? wilson we be down like seven million per . andreas that 's not gonna fly much longer . you want to go in there next month and tell my father we be suck hind tit on this ? I sure do not . we be number 44 on the fortune 500 list , Mark . I do not want this turn we into number 45 . he give whitacre a we ’re- done-fuck - around glare . andreas fix it . as produced 5 . exterior whitacre mansion - evening warm light radiate from a large home with tall white column . a portrait of the whitacre family on the mantle . whitacre , he wife and they three child . whitacre ( v.0 . ) you feed a chicken a diet of corn and it get sick -- like what happen to the first settler . pellagra disease . niacin deficiency -- give they all sort of problem -- dermatitis , ataxia and even dementia . interior whitacre mansion dine room - evening whitacre stare at a ear of corn on he dinner plate . his wife ginger , 33 , slice up Alexander 's dinner -- a chicken breast . whitacre be lose in think . his focus shifting from corn to chicken and back again . whitacre ( v.0 . ) but you feed a chicken corn and lysine and it go from egg to supermarket fryer to in six month instead of eight . Ginger stare at Mark . he 's mile away in he head . ginger Mark ? where be you ? whitacre you look great . ginger they get the first wall of the stable up today . you see that ? whitacre they be do a new thing in hydroponics . they be now feed lysine to jumbo shrimp . can you imagine that ? you be a jumbo shrimp and one day some corn go float by . what do you think about that ? weird , right ? Alexander smile . as produced 6. whitacre you know , there 's a open down in the plant in Mexico -- they might need I to go down and set some stuff up . what do you think about Mexico ? alexander I think we be get horse . exterior adm —- morning grey smoke pump into a grey sky . whitacre ( v.0 . ) toro . that 's what Spanish bullfighter say . but it 's also what the japanese call the high - end tuna sushi . toro. Raw fish . interior adm - continuous the trading floor be bustling . whitacre ( v.0 . ) who go first on that ? the guy without the grill . soy and corn future from around the world be display on a tote board . number tick up and down . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I have be to Tokyo . they sell little girl underwear in the vend machine right on the main drag -- the ginza , or whatever . interior whitacre 's office - continuous whitacre frown as he pour over the lysine result -- more red . whitacre ( v.0 . ) guy in suit buy use girl panty . how be that okay ? that 's not okay . his secretary buzze he on the intercom . whitacre pick up . whitacre yeah ? as produced 7. liz taylor ( on the intercom ) there 's a Mr. nakawara call from the ajinomoto Corporation . he say you know he and he need to speak with you . whitacre put he through . whitacre pick up the phone . get to work . interior mick andreas ' office adm - later Mick andrea sit at he desk . whitacre pace -- very wound up . whitacre it 's the japanese . there 's this guy , nakawara . he work at ajinomoto . he be here a couple week ago . you meet he . now I have be talk to he on the phone -- sometimes at work , sometimes at home because of the time difference . Mick , this guy know everything . everything . he say to I , '' you know the total nightmare you have during May , June , July ? '' before I can ask he what he mean he go , '' that month when adm be lose about seven million dollar a month in the lysine business ? '' whitacre stare at andrea in shock -- no one outside the company should know that . andrea be stone face . whitacre Mick , I could not believe it . he go on to tell I that one of we high pay employee be actually a employee of ajinomoto who be sabotage the plant . they be inject a virus into the dextrose and contaminate the whole deal . that 's the problem . I '’11 tell you Mick , it 's like rising Sun , that crichton novel , it 's just like it . so I go , why be you talk to I about this and you know what he say ... andreas yeah , I know what he say . how much do he want ? as produced 8 . whitacre ten million dollar . ten million . but that give you the identity of the saboteur , the secret identity , and a new lysine bug that be immune to the virus . we have the plant up and run in three day . andrea pause , take it all in , and then ... andreas how well do you know this guy ? whitacre I meet he when he be here . we have speak on the phone a half dozen time . andreas so , not very well . whitacre very well ? no , I would not say that . andrea ponder the situation . andreas okay , if you hear from he again -- talk he down on the price . I want you to find out the least amount of money he have settle for . if we can get a bug that 's resistant to the virus , this might be worth it . but , I want you to keep this secret , if there be a mole , we do not want he to know we be onto he . whitacre absolutely . exterior whitacre mansion - evening whitacre stand with a cocktail in the fade light , look at the foundation for the new horse stable be build across the road from the main house . on all side of the house -- more cornfield . not another home in sight . whitacre ( v.0 . ) this have be a great place for some outlet store ... people would come from all over southern Illinois and probably Missouri , too . famous name brand label and appliance at savings of up to fifty per cent every day . maybe a food court with a mexican place . as produced 9 . whitacre look at a swarm of insect around the lone street light . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the bird eat the bug , the car eat the bird , the rust eat the car and the new construction eat the rust ... Ginger interrupt whitacre 's grand plan from across the street ... ginger corky , Alexander say there 's a bat in he room . interior adm - mick andreas ' office whitacre shake he head in disbelief . he pace nervously . stun by the news . whitacre the FBI ! God , no . andrea and MARK cheviron , 38 , tell whitacre of he upcoming FBI interview . cheviron be a barrel chest , linebacker of a man . a former decatur cop , who be now adm 's version of a bouncer . whitacre I think you want I to talk he down on the price . that 's what you tell I to do and I be do it . andreas we be not gonna sit back and let the japanese fuck we sideways on this . whitacre ( off cheviron ) I just do not understand -- we be not go to mention it and now he 's in on it ? andreas of course he 's in on it . if it 's a mole then it 's a security issue . cheviron I 's all be sit in with the FBI . whitacre I already tell you everything there be to tell . what be the point ? as produced 10 . cheviron be annoyed by whitacre 's histrionics . cheviron we do not like the idea of talk to the FBI any more than you do . they be just go to tape the guy 's call -- and ask you a few question . no big deal . whitacre shake he head , even more upset . whitacre question ? Jesus . whitacre storm out . andreas Mark . interior whitacre kitchen - day Ginger talk on the phone , surround by full grocery bag . she remain calm and firm -- never a hair out of place . ginger the FBI ? why do you have to talk to the FBI ? it 's they plant . just let they talk to the FBI . interior whitacre 's office - intercut whitacre be on the phone -- pace like a cage animal . whitacre I be really uncomfortable with this . there be some thing go on here . interior kitchen / whitacre’s office - continuous Ginger look uneasy . this be not like he to be so upset . ginger what do that mean , '' thing ? '' whitacre ( 0.s. ) it just mean we have to be careful . ginger whatever you do , corky , no matter what 's go on , just be honest with they and tell the truth . okay ? as produced 11 . interior adm conference room - evening FBI special agent brian shepard , 43 , sit with cheviron and a very anxious Mark whitacre . shepard wear a rumple dark suit and tie from the day when jay Edgar Hoover set the dress code . whitacre shift restlessly in he seat . cheviron on the other hand be a old hand at this . he watch whitacre closely -- all poker face . whitacre he tell I he want he payment wire into a numbered account in Switzerland and then also in the Caribbean . shepard write down everything . shepard and when do you last have contact with he ? whitacre two day ago . but I think he 's get suspicious . I have be drag this thing along . I think if we do not make a move . I mean , he could already have back down here . shepard and this call , they have be come in on you home line ? whitacre look at cheviron -- there 's clearly a right and a wrong answer here . whitacre I have a adm line at my house -- a business line -- they have be come in on the business line . whitacre 's Pov drifting from shepard 's face to he adam 's apple . the knot of he FBI tie bob up and down as he speak . shepard ( under ) well , we need to start by put a recording device on you phone . we should make arrangement to do that as soon as possible . we also need a list of everyone in the bioproduct division to see if we can see who 's operate on the inside . we will want phone record , employment history and any other background check that adm may have ... cheviron I can help with that . whitacre so , that 's it then . shepard hand whitacre he card . shepard as produced 12 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( over ) there 's a sale at bacarach 's . they have that oscar de la renta tie that nobody busy -- what be they two for one for another week ? diagonal band of color hang around you neck . they never put the nice brioni tie on sale . I should just get all my tie in Paris , wear they once or twice , and shove they in a duty free bag . nobody get stop at custom for tie . I can go ? they shake hand . I have like to come out tomorrow and get on that phone . whitacre no problem . time . thank you for you interior whitacre mansion entry way - night whitacre come in from a long day at work . Ginger walk in from the kitchen . she give he a welcome home hug -- but he do not let go -- hold on like a man catch in the current . ginger you tell they the truth , Mark . that 's all you can do . whitacre I never even have the chance . she slip from he arm -- disappointed . whitacre they be watch I the whole time . cheviron be in the room . Ginger eye he disdainfully . off she disappointment , he head upstairs to bed . as produced 13. interior adm headquarters - morning whitacre walk through the office . whitacre ( v.0 . ) Mick andrea get bear with the vice President of the United States as he godfather . he go to Richard Nixon 's house for Thanksgiving . it 's not like he parent die in a car accident when he be three and he end up in a orphanage . his secretary walk over with two message slip . whitacre ( v.0 . ) Mick 's dad write a check to the Nixon campaign and it wound up in the bank account of the watergate burglar . do he admit it ? I do not think so . besides , adm probably own the FBI . they probably want I to buy dwayne 's old house when I take this job because they have get it wire like in a chrichton novel . interior whitacre 's office - continuous Liz hand he the message . liz taylor marty allison call and sid hulse want to know if you can have dinner at seven instead of seven thirty . interior country club of decatur - night whitacre and a very dolled - up Ginger dine with sid hulse , 35 , the use car version of a lysine salesman . bow -ty wait staff patrol the diner with pitcher of ice water . sid and Ginger chit-chat -- Mark be distract by he shrimp cocktail . angle on a shrimp cocktail jumbo shrimp on shave ice . sid hulse great earring Ginger -- I bet you can see that shine from space . as produced 14 . ginger ( off she earring ) Mark get they abroad . I can not remember where . sid hulse Nigeria ? whitacre shoot he a look . whitacre not funny , sid . sid hulse you be tell I . sid laugh . Ginger do not get the joke . whitacre so , sid , you be off tomorrow ? where to ? angle on whitacre's hand under the table he covertly slide a business card into Ginger 's hand . ginger 's Pov of the card on the back be scribble , " the FBI be come at 10 pm . " sid hulse West coast swing -- I gotta get out there and kick some japanese butt . so , I be not gonna see you for a couple week . maybe longer if I get lose in the ginza . she 's still digest what 's on the card -- try to act natural . ginger have a great trip , sid . interior whitacre mansion - later Alexander be sleep . he stir when he hear Ginger and whitacre whisper in the live room . ginger ( 0.s . ) just tell they everything . we ’l1l leave . I do not like what this company be do to you . this be a chance to start somewhere new . remember you say Mexico . as produced 15 . interior whitacre mansion livingroom - continuous they sit next to each other in the dark . whitacre I may tell they at some point , but not now . now I have get to toe the company line . ginger Mark , if you do not tell they I will . her face be a mask of determination . behind they the drape be illuminate by headlight in the drive . whitacre be desperate . whitacre ica not . not now . the doorbell ring . whitacre open the door to reveal agent shepard . whitacre hello . please come in . agent shepard , my wife , Ginger . shepard ma‘am . I know it 's late . I will be out of you hair in a minute . whitacre great. ( then , to Ginger ) maybe a cup of coffee for agent shepard ? ginger okay . she watch they over she shoulder as she head to the kitchen . interior whitacre mansion - MARK 's office - continuous shepard just show I where the line in question be . whitacre it 's that one over there . shepard get to work . whitacre watch . as produced 16 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) there should be a tv show about a guy who call home one day and he 's there -- he answer . he 's talk to himself only it 's someone else . he 's somehow divide into two and the second one of he drive away . and the rest of the show be about he try to find the guy . exterior whitacre porch - night whitacre walk shepard to the door where Ginger be wait . shepard I will give you a call tomorrow . we can test it out . whitacre great . great , thank you for come by . shepard good night . good night , Mrs. whitacre . shepard walk toward he car . Ginger and Mark linger . ginger ( to she husband ) be you go to say something or be I ? Ginger push past he . ginger Brian ? shepard stop . whitacre have no choice . whitacre you get a minute ? whitacre walk past he wife toward the car . Ginger squeeze he hand as he pass she on the step . whitacre ( whisper ) can I talk to you in the car ? shepard sure . they get in the car . satisfied , Ginger close the front door . as produced 17 . interior shepard car - night the two man speak in the dome light of shepard 's dodge dynasty . shepard we could go back inside if you want . whitacre they might have it bugge . we be safer out here . shepard be confuse . shepard bug ? what ? who ? we ? whitacre be ready to spill . he look at the house -- know Ginger be watch . whitacre there be thing I know . if I decide to tell you , could I be prosecute ? shepard I cannot provide you with immunity , but any information you tell I about you involvement in criminal activity would be discuss in a favorable light with the US attorney 's office . beat . whitacre okay . everything I tell you yesterday about nakawara be true -- except one thing . he never call I on my business line . shepard look at whitacre -- he 's confuse . shepard why do you tell I that he do ? whitacre before I speak with you yesterday I be coach by the guy at adm to tell you that he call I on my business line and not my home line . shepard why ? it 's too late to turn back . as produced 18 . whitacre what I be about to tell you involve something very large . this nakawara extortion thing be nothing compare to it , nothing at all . this involve price fix in the lysine business ... shepard get out he notebook . fire up he pen . whitacre I have be in several meeting with we japanese and Korean competitor in the past few month where the sole purpose be to fix the price . adm make I go to this meeting . shepard write furiously , struggle to see in the dark . most of it go over he head . whitacre that 's why they want I to lie . because the nakawara call come in on my home line . but , so do the call from the people we be fix price with . they do not want you to hear that conversation so they instruct I to tell you that the nakawara call come in on my adm line . but , see I realize once you guy start digging around in the record you have see that I have all this call to Japan . and that 's what scared I . nobody 's get more call than I . if you ever figure out about the price fix , I have be the fall guy . shepard consider the explanation . shepard who tell you to participate in this price fix talk ? whitacre take a deep breath -- let the cat out of the bag . whitacre I be operate under the direction of Mick and dwayne andrea . exterior whitacre mansion driveway - moment later whitacre watch from the front door as shepard turn on he headlight . as produced 19 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) he seem like a real good guy . I hope he do not mind I call he '' Brian '' instead of '' agent shepard . '' I might even try '' bri '' out . this must be very different for he . talk to a guy like I instead of a bank robber or a drug dealer . whitacre wave as shepard drive away . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I could see we fishing or whatever . what a good listener -- you do not meet one of that every day . interior adm - the next morning whitacre try to look natural as he walk to he office , he first day as a whistle blower . no sooner do he take he seat than cheviron appear . cheviron Morning . what happen last night ? whitacre what do you mean ? nothing . they put a recorder on the phone . cheviron that 's it ? whitacre well , yeah . he say when nakawara call , I just flip a switch and record the conversation . whitacre get buzze by he secretary . he answer . whitacre put she through . cheviron make sure you do it . they have way of check up . whitacre sure thing . whitacre pick up the call and the big bully go away . whitacre hi , hon . we hear Ginger very excited on the other end of the phone . as produced 20 . whitacre what ?! slow down honey , slow ... what ?! whitacre write down the name '' regina '' on a slip of paper . interior FBI - springfield , illinois - morning super : springfield , IL a small conference room with a view of the Illinois Capital Building . shepard brief agent dean paisley and agent kate medford . he search he large pile of note for the most shocking of last night 's revelation . medford eat she morning yogurt . shepard .... a pound of bacon , a peanut butter sandwich , some vitamin - anything that adm have a hand in -- it 's all fix , that 's what he 's tell I . basically , everyone in this country be the victim of corporate crime by the time they finish breakfast . interior adm hallway - continuous whitacre be head down the hall with a full head of steam . whitacre ( v.0 . ) you think the automobile company can not make a car tomorrow that get a hundred mile to the gallon ? you think the tv network do not know who 's gonna win the World Series before the season start ? paranoid be what people who be try to take advantage call you in a effort to get you to drop you guard . I read that the other day in a in - flight magazine . interior FBI springfield , illinois - continuous shepard one potential problem I see move ahead with adm be this guy cheviron . he want to be keep in the loop on everything we be do . paisley I want to meet Mark whitacre . as produced 21 . interior adm - cheviron '’s office - day about a third the size of whitacre 's office with a view of the load dock . whitacre burst in -- fume . whitacre you tell I they be only go to tap one line ! one line ! cheviron they be only monitoring one line . whitacre that be not true . that be absolutely not true . I just get off the phone with my wife and some woman name Regina from the phone company call she say that both we line be tapped . my home phone ! cheviron be sick of whitacre 's antic . he do not believe a word of it . he get in he face . cheviron come on , Mark , the phone company do not call people and say , '' hello . we just want to let you know that the FBI be tapping you phone line . '' whitacre then why would Regina say that ? cheviron she do not say it , you be say it . whitacre call my wife . call Regina . cheviron 's tone become condescending -- like he 's talk to a sick person . cheviron Fine , Mark . I will . whitacre good . whitacre storm out . angle on whitacre walk away -- satisfied -- he pass a secretary wear a wool turtleneck . as produced 22 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I do not like wool on skin . not even that merino wool they have at Marshall field in Chicago . Ginger like it , cuz it 's form fitting , but she like avocados and who want that texture in they mouth ? who would make up someone name Regina ? it 's the capital of saskatchewan . interior FBI decatur - day on the third floor of some mid-70 's default architecture in the heart of downtown decatur , Brian shepard sit in a office big enough for himself , a small evidence safe , a picture of he family and the flag . out the window the stack of adm send up great white plume . shepard be bone up on anti-trust law when the phone ring . beat . shepard FBI . shepard . cheviron ( 0.s. ) hello. Brian , it 's Mark cheviron at adm . shepard yeah , Mark . cheviron ( 0.s. ) I be talk to you guy a couple of day ago about which of the line at Mark whitacre 's house you be would be monitoring and we have agree it would only be the business line . so , that 's all you do right ? shepard I really can not answer that . cheviron okay . thank you . interior adm whitacre's office - later whitacre stare out through the glass wall drink a coke . Mick andrea and cheviron march into whitacre 's office on a mission . as produced 23 . andreas we have decide that we be not go to be cooperate with any further FBI request . whitacre be outrage . he turn on cheviron . whitacre I know it ! I know it ! I tell you , but you would not listen . you say just the office line , Mark . cheviron have to eat shit here in front of andrea . cheviron evidently , they be lie to we , too . whitacre evidently , you can not keep track of what the FBI be do . the phone buzze . liz taylor ( on intercom ) the call you be expect , Mark . whitacre pause , then ... whitacre ( on intercom ) well , put he through . ( to the other ) it 's a swedish deal I be work on . whitacre pick up the phone . it 's not Sweden . whitacre Mark whitacre . shepard ( 0.s. ) hey , Mark , it 's Brian shepard . andrea and cheviron continue . cheviron I tell shepard we be do work with they as of now . whitacre ( over the phone ) hi . so , it 's good to hear from you . whitacre shift uncomfortably and try to cover in front of Mick and cheviron -- he put on a phony cheerful voice . as produced shepard ( 0.s. ) I would like to bring my supervisor by to meet you . this weekend be okay ? whitacre well , great . so , uh , Mr. andrea be in my office right now . so , uh , I will talk to you later . whitacre hang up and look to Mick . whitacre now what do I do if this shepard guy call ? andreas you let I know and I will tell my dad . but , you be do talk to they . whitacre absolutely . exterior whitacre mansion lawn - day Ginger walk across the lawn with Alexander and billy . ginger okay . I be go to go over the rule . no run , no push , no horseplay by the pool . when you have fished all the leave out , go into the garage and get the cover for the pool . and I be go to go get you dad when he 's do . he 's gonna come and do a inspection . alexander you already tell we this . ginger well , I be go over it again . interior whitacre's garage - continuous whitacre walk through he six car garage . he pass a Range Rover , a Ferrari , a mercede coupe , a BMW , and a lincoln town car . interior whitacre 's barn - moment later a large open room look more like a theme restaurant than anything that might have once involved agriculture . pong and foosball table and a console tv . as produced 25 . across a pool table , whitacre talk with FBI agent shepard and paisley . whitacre now , what be the scoop with all my phone be tapped ? paisley the only listen device be the recorder , Mark . shepard we have a trap and trace device on you home line -- but we can not listen in with that . paisley however , the phone company call you wife and tell they about we intel gather , well , my face be red on that one . should not happen . shepard do you bring the expense report we talk about ? whitacre give they a folder of paperwork . whitacre yeah . this be Mexico City , Paris , Hong Kong , Tokyo . there be a corn refiner Association meeting in Florida last week -- Mick and Terry go to that one . they do the regular meeting during the day , and then at night they have get together with we competitor and work out how to fix the price . now you just watch -- in about six month , the price of a liter of soda pop be go to be about five cent more . shepard when 's the next meeting ? whitacre uh , January . somewhere in Asia . paisley take it all in . he size up whitacre . agent paisley Mark , I gotta ask you , why be you do this ? we know you lie to we about the phone line and you be afraid of that . ( more ) as produced 26 . agent paisley ( cont would ) but , now you be tell we all this other stuff out of the blue . I gotta ask you why . whitacre weigh the question . whitacre well , cuz thing be go on I do not approve of . I be a biochemist . I be a technical guy . they pull I into the business side and suddenly I find out all this thing be go on that be illegal . you know , if I want to grow with adm I get to learn the business side . and suddenly they be make I lie to people . I lie to you . he gesture toward shepard . whitacre I mean , I feel real bad about that . shepard you look at yourself as wear a white hat and they be wear black hat . whitacre yeah . absolutely . something like that . you know , when I be a kid my folk die in a automobile accident . I be maybe six year old and a wealthy man from Ohio adopt I . the guy own amusement park and he do very well for himself . I get a big break there , a real big break . I go to a good school and all . now I adopt two kid of my own . I be try to do the right thing here . paisley well , Mark , do you think you have be willing to go a few step further in help we ? whitacre what do that mean ? whitacre consider the request -- it 's a chance to be a hero , but why should he clean up the free market ? shepard would you be willing to wear a wire ? we do not have any other source at this time . we need you help . as produced 27 . paisley we will be there with you all the way , but it will not be easy . he look around at the good life whitacre have amass -- the family , the pool , the house , the car . a lot to put on the line . shepard I ‘’1l use my beeper to signal you when it 's time to set up a meeting . when you hear this ... shepard get out he beeper and hit a button -- '' beeeep . '' shepard you call I . whitacre take the wire . you be only a White knight if you will carry a sword . interior FBI , decatur - day shepard sit in the small office with another agent assign to the case -- bob herndon , 33 . if shepard look like he step out of dragnet , then herndon look like he step out of gq . he 's young , more polished , and have not spend he entire career in decatur . shepard he 's watch closely at work and there 's reason to believe that adm have bugge he home . he 's under a great deal of pressure . you gotta feel for the guy . he tell we the truth one day and wake up the next with two life instead of one . herndon well , the good news be he decide to wake up and tell the truth . interior best western HOTEL - evening whitacre stand in the lobby watch guest use the indoor pool . whitacre 's Pov of the pool whitacre ( v.0 . ) there be this butterfly in Central America . ( more ) as produced 28 . whitacre ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) they be blue and orange and yellow and have poison in they wing , just enough to stop a bird heart . but the bird know this somehow , so they do not eat they . but there be other one , butterfly , they be orange , blue and yellow too but no poison wing . they be just fly around , look dangerous , get by on they look . shepard enter wear a trench coat . shepard Mark . you ready to make the call ? he walk to a bank of phone adjacent to the pool . whitacre look around . whitacre we be gonna do it here ? shepard we can not get a room , Mark . there 's problem with that . the door to the pool open and a group of dripping wet teenager run for the soft drink machine at the end of the hall . whitacre I do not know . it just kinda seem , you know , awkward . shepard it 's the best I can do right now . shepard take a micro-cassette recorder out of he pocket with a small microphone that clip onto the phone . he demonstrate for whitacre . shepard just hold the microphone on the receiver . i’1l hold the recorder . whitacre look around -- not sure if this be a good idea . he hold the microphone to the mouthpiece as he talk . whitacre ( into phone ) 0-0-9-4-5-4-5-8-8-2-2 . Mr. yamamoto , please . shepard ( whisper ) no , put it on the receiver . whitacre look confuse . as produced 29 . whitacre I have it on the receiver . shepard on the receiver . where you hear . finally get it , whitacre move the mic . whitacre I be on hold . shepard wave he off as he push the record button . whitacre hello , Mr. yamamoto . it be Mark whitacre ... hi , sir . how be you ?... no , I be do a lot of travel this week . how be sale ?... certainly we need to , in term of we big customer , definitely need to be think about a good price , yes ? shepard try to read the response on whitacre 's face . what do it all mean ? whitacre nod . exterior best western parking lot - moment later whitacre and shepard be jubilant . whitacre '' it 's better to maintain a price of $ 2.50 in other country and $ 1.05 in the U.S . '' just like that . there it be : price fix . shepard well , this be great , Mark . this verify everything you have be say . whitacre yeah . shepard thank you . thank you so much . whitacre absolutely . they shake hand and go they separate way . shepard to he dodge dynasty , whitacre to yet another high end vehicle . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I like a indoor pool . Year round usage . ( more ) as produced 30 . whitacre ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I like the steam off it in the winter . very mysterious that steam . interior decatur club - day whitacre eat lunch with marty allison , 35 . whitacre marty , when you start work at adm , how much money do you want ? marty allison I want fifty grand . whitacre but , I go and tell Terry , we can not get this guy for less than seventy - five . I get it for you . you be the first person I hire . marty allison I know , Mark . you have always be really generous with I . I appreciate it . whitacre here 's what I want you to do . I want you to write down a name . marty take out a note pad . marty allison okay . what 's the name ? whitacre nordkron chemie . marty allison what be that , like a nigerian name or something ? marty write it down . exterior ST . louis STREET - day whitacre drive through snowy street , the gateway arch in the distance . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I like my hand . I think they be probably my favorite part of my body . I think that can be use to my advantage in social situation . ( more ) as produced 31 . whitacre ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) if I can get people focus on my hand then I can get a good result in the meeting . Eye contact be real important , too . interior anheuser busch lobby - ST . louis - day whitacre enter with andrea and Wilson . whitacre I be gonna check message before we get start . the other man keep walk . whitacre dial he cell phone . voicemail you have one message . over the phone we hear the next message . shepard 's beep signal . whitacre delete it and hang up . by the reception desk andrea and Wilson wait for the elevator . whitacre sorry , guy . my phone die . I be on with the plant . ( to the receptionist ) be there a pay phone ? receptionist across the lobby . terry wilson come on , Mark . this be important bioproduct stuff we be discuss over here . whitacre rush off . interior anheuser busch pay phone - moment later whitacre stand alone at a pay phone . shepard ( 0.s. ) FBI . whitacre ( into phone ) hey , it 's Mark . I tell you I be out of town on business this week . as produced 32 . shepard ( 0.s . ) the case be get some attention from the Bureau , Mark . there 's another agent work with I now . whitacre look , I can not talk right now . I have a meeting . I have people wait for I . bye . whitacre hang up abruptly and jog toward the elevator to join the other . whitacre ok , we be all set now . wait for I . interior adm - day whitacre clip some papers together as he walk across the office . whitacre ( v.0 . ) be able to do two thing at one be a big part of success . I try to do abdominal exercise , isometrics , even when I be at a meeting . tensing . holding . then release . i’1ll floss in the shower while the conditioner be in my hair during the part when you just suppose to leave it in . that thing can really add up to a significant time savings . interior kirk schmidt 's office - continuous whitacre enter . whitacre hey , kirk , I be gonna be head off to Europe and I be think I could just hand deliver that check for the abp deal in person . schmidt remind I , abp deal ? whitacre hand he some papers . whitacre it 's a threonine microbe , they have make some substantial improvement . we just want to get into the market . that 's the invoice . as produced 33 . schmidt we will just overnight it . whitacre no , no . I be gonna see this thorstensson guy so I 'il just hand it to he . exterior savoy baur en ville , zurich - day super : zurich whitacre emerge from the elegant hotel and head down the crowded bahnhofstrasse . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the metric system never pan out . we all have we ruler with inch on one edge and centimeter on the other . I pronounce it '' centimyter '' instead of '' centimeeter '' and nobody ever correct I . they just let I walk around stupid ... interior office build - continuous whitacre walk across the large lobby . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ...- so I be not really upset we never cross over , although it 's helpful to know the conversion when I go to Europe . the liter bottle be the only thing that ever catch on , because it 's a nicer word , '' liter '' than '' quart . '' quart . quart . whitacre enter a office . he shake hand with a businessman who greet he warmly -- thorstensson . they vanish behind close door . interior mexico CITY airport / FBI office - decatur - day whitacre check he message from a pay phone in the Admiral 's Club in the International Terminal . marty allison ( 0o.s. ) hey , Mark it 's marty call again and ... Mark punch a button . as produced 34 . computer voice message delete ... next message . sfx : beeeeep . whitacre dial the phone angrily . make a new call . the other end ring . intercut with agent shepard in he office . shepard FBI . agent shepard . whitacre Brian , it 's Mark . look -- it 's be hard for I to return a page as I be out of the country at the moment . shepard we need to know if you have any further contact with nakawara . whitacre I tell you already that the guy stop call . shepard well , what about the price fix ? have you be able to make any more tape ? whitacre ( lowering he voice ) I think you guy hang around have everybody scared straight . the word be we be do everything by the book from now on . Mick say it 's over . no more price fix . shepard be confuse . shepard what ? when do this happen ? this conversation . whitacre everything have change . I get lysine up and run . the virus be go . Mick bring I into he office , he sit I down , he say , '' whitacre , from now on we be do thing you way . '' as produced 35 . shepard Mark , the FBI know about the crime -- we be gonna investigate either way . whitacre either way ? what do '' either way '' mean ? shepard we really need to get together . both shepard and whitacre be lose they patience . whitacre it 's a different approach there now . I be tell you . everything 's change . my plane be board . I get to go . I get to go ! whitacre hang up -- frustrated . he walk over to a table in the club where a middle age german man be wait -- reinhart richter , 40 . paper be spread around the man -- stack of loss , gain and opportunity . richter everything ok ? whitacre yeah , fine . kid . das kinder . richter die kinder . whitacre where be we ? richter we be discuss bonuse . whitacre and we should be discuss ferraris . whitacre shift in he seat , expose ink on he shirt pocket . his pen have explode leave a Rorschach across he chest . richter gesture toward the stain . richter fullfederhaltertinte . whitacre look confuse . as produced 36 . richter you have fullfederhaltertinte all over you shirt . over the rest of they conversation ... whitacre ( v.0 . ) one of the japanese guy tell I a story . this lysine salesman be in a meeting with someone from conagra or some other company . the client lean forward and say , " I have the same tie as you , only the pattern be reverse . '' then he drop dead , face down on the table . alive -- and then -- dead . Brain aneurysm ... Mark rub at the ink stain . interior econo lodge , decatur - evening shepard and herndon be wait in the most generic of hotel room for whitacre . they check they watch and peak out the drape at a sparsely populate parking lot . herndon eat a granola bar and read the side of the package . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... maybe everyone have a sentence like that ; a little time bomb ... '' I have the same tie as you ... only the pattern 's reverse . '' Dead . the last thing they 's 1l ever say . something like ... herndon '' High fructose corn syrup . '' there it be again . shepard be not give up on whitacre , yet . shepard he say andrea call he into a marketing meeting . he might be late . herndon if he do not show , the government will charge he for the room . the room phone ring . shepard sigh . shepard and here it come . he answer the phone . as produced 37 . shepard shepard . exterior whitacre BMW - intercut whitacre sit in he BMW on the car phone in the econo Lodge parking lot , stare up at the light of a room . whitacre I can not come to the hotel tonight . I be still at work . shepard Mark , this be the third time . whitacre I have to go . I have work to do . shepard Mark , you can not keep cancelling . whitacre I can not live two life . they just give I a hundred thousand dollar raise . I be not gonna lose my job because of you guy . I have a family . I be building stable across the road . shepard but , you tell we ... whitacre the price fix be over . it 's over . whitacre pretend he be in he office to further he case . whitacre ( pretend ) hey , Mick . I be get off the phone now . shepard Mark , listen to I , the only logical thing for you to do be cooperate . whitacre and what happen if I do not ? shepard then somebody else will and you will end up be a defendant . as produced 38 . whitacre the tape do not say anything . it 's over . Mick say . we have a whole new policy . shepard Fine , if that 's what he say , then I want to hear the tape . we need tape , Mark . a beat -- he finally admit it . the window of the car be fogging he in . whitacre okay , I never make any tape . I never make any because there 's not gonna be anything on the tape because it 's over , and they have just be stupid tape . shepard Mark . come on . whitacre you tell I how I can prove it to you and I will . interior econo lodge HOTEL room - night whitacre sit on the bed with the strap of a polygraph across he torso . herndon fit he with a blood pressure cuff and put electrical clip on he finger . herndon take out a list of question and watch whitacre closely . shepard watch the needle on the polygraph . whitacre watch the polygraph expert 's face -- look for clue . he strain to see the needle on the machine . the read out show a reassuringly straight line across the grid . interior econo lodge - hallway shepard and herndon step out of the room . the door close and the agent look at each other . interior econo lodge HOTEL room - continuous whitacre look out the hotel room window at the snow . in the parking lot a high school kid drink a beer while try to write he name in urine in the snowbank . as produced 39 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) Mick andrea and he dad would never lie for I . they say we be in it together . what a joke . team building off-site meeting at some lake in Wisconsin . I can not protect this guy if they be break the law . hey , I try . anybody could see the choice I have . I do my best for adm . you do not see they here in the chair . herndon and shepard re-enter . whitacre hey , how have I do ? shepard Mark , we have some problem . whitacre wait a minute , I be look at the thing . the needle do not even move . shepard Mark , you do not know how to read a polygraph . whitacre well first of all , they be not one hundred percent accurate . I have read that . herndon play the bad cop . herndon Mark , you splatter the wall with ink . come on now , extortionist do not just leave they name and number then go away . whitacre feel thing close in around he . shepard I know it 's tough keep it all bottled up inside , keep it a secret . but , there 's only one good choice for you here . that 's all there 's ever be . there 's something you be hide , something you be not tell we . but , the only way to protect yourself be to be completely honest . nowhere to turn -- herndon and shepard have he cornere . as produced 40 . whitacre okay . shepard get a fresh notebook from he briefcase . shepard you realize this can all be use against you in a court of law . I will have to write it all up and you will have to sign it . whitacre nod grimly . herndon we be go to find out what 's go on , Mark . you be not leave this room until you tell we what 's go on . shepard so , before you answer any more question , I want you to think about Ginger and you family and you career . a beat . herndon what happen with nakawara ? be there a mole ? whitacre well , I think there have definitely be a mole , before , at adm . herndon stare at he in disbelief . whitacre I make it up . herndon Jesus , Mark ! whitacre I have to . shepard and herndon cringe on he behalf . shepard transcribe the confession . whitacre ... we have have problem at the plant with viruse , we be way behind we projection . dwayne be think about shutting we down and everyone be look at I to fix it . let 's just blame it all on whitacre . that 's how it be there . ( more ) exterior whitacre out loud interior whitacre as produced 4l. whitacre ( cont would ) we be talk about my job here . I come all the way over from Europe , relocate my family . they make I vp . herndon and what about the price fix ? it be not over be it ? there 's no '' new attitude , '' right ? whitacre ( defeat ) there 's be meeting all along -- in the past three week even . nothing 's change . it 's be go on as recently as three week ago . and it 's not just lysine . it 's citric , it 's gluconate . there be a guy who leave the company because he would not do it , he be force out . the gluconate guy . he 's out of a job . I mean I meet with the guy from ajinomoto just last month . the whole point be to set volume level . you set the volume level , you determine what the market be and then you figure out workable price . we get another meeting next month . shepard if there 's anything else you want to add , now 's the time . whitacre what else be there ? adm - day walk toward the building . he be actually speak -- not in voice over . to nobody ... whitacre Seven thirty a.m. , Wednesday , March seventeenth , 1993 . I have park the car . I be approach the entrance to the office . adm lobby - continuous open the door and walk in . whitacre entrance breach . as produced 42 . Terry Wilson walk across the lobby . whitacre terrance Wilson , President of we corn business . do we friend from Japan call last night ? terry wilson no . he be not in . interior adm headquarters - continuous the two man walk together across the open office area . whitacre well , I speak with mimoto and he be piss . he say that there will not be peace in lysine until we bring production down to the level we promise . terry wilson in ' 92 we do exactly what we tell they we would do in term of volume . exactly . now , no promise . whitacre he say he want to talk to you . terry wilson I will be right there lookin ' at he sayin’ , " listen here you little mousy motherfucker . " Wilson peel off into he office . whitacre continue on . he speak under he breath to nobody -- smile at the world . whitacre that be Terry Wilson talk about set volume and price level with we japanese competitor -- ajinomoto Corporation . by the way , there be no discussion with mimoto last night . that be all for illustration purpose only . I repeat -- no discussion with mimoto . Mark approach he own office . liz taylor Morning , Mark . whitacre good morning , Liz Taylor , secretary . as produced 43 . exterior tokyo - day establish shot of the Tokyo skyline . interior imperial palace HOTEL ( japan ) whitacre and Terry Wilson follow a japanese businessman into a conference room . super : tokyo whitacre bow and shake hand with a group of asian lysine executive . interior HOTEL conference room ( japan ) - moment later Terry Wilson speak with authority to the asian executive . terry wilson before we even deal with Latin America , we have to agree that we be go to swap number . that 's the only way this be go to work . keep everyone on target . it 's possible to do -- but we have get to be very careful . we need to check you phone . whitacre get up . whitacre Excuse I . I need a comfort break . he head for the door . interior HOTEL bathroom ( japan ) - moment later whitacre check under the stall door to make sure he be alone . he take the recorder from he suit jacket and talk into it . whitacre side two , tape one . side two , tape one . interior town car ( paris ) - day whitacre smile as he look out the window at Paris . as produced 44 , whitacre ( v.0 . ) I have get well over two million frequent flier mile . I be pretty much platinum across the board ... exterior american embassy ( paris ) - continuous whitacre get out of the car and walk calmly into the embassy . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ...- I get a letter from the ceo every year thanking I . it 's a form letter but it look like he 's really signing it . they probably walk in and he sign like a hundred while he 's on the phone . interior american embassy ( paris ) - continuous super : paris october 1993 shepard meet he and usher he through the lobby . interior american embassy phone room ( paris ) - moment later whitacre talk on the phone to Mick andrea at adm -- the consummate corporate spy . agent shepard stand next to he , take note . whitacre ( into phone ) it go great . I think we ’1ll be able to keep it at a buck anda quarter . agent shepard sneeze loudly . whitacre watch shepard 's hand go from kleenex , to coffee cup , to pen , to a tug on he ear . whitacre ( v.0 . ) now what happen ? something you breathe in on a airplane , some bacteria , now it 's in he hand , the cup , the phone . probably get it from he kid and now I 'il spend the weekend with it in bed ... interior o’hare airport - day whitacre walk down the concourse carry a black folder with adm emblazon on it . he turn into the bathroom . as produced 45 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) .--+.-I‘ 11 miss a few day or Alexander will run a fever and who pay for that ? where do the FBI weigh in on that , as a cooperate witness ? what do it say about exposure to airborne contaminant ? in a stall , whitacre sit on the toilet , fully clothed . he flip the tape and talk into the recorder . whitacre tape seven , side two . Chicago o’hare . once again , Terry Wilson represent adm . representing eurolysine , Alain crouy and philippe rollier . that 's a french company . he put the recorder back in the adm folder and look down at he foot . a piece of candy lay on the floor swarm by ant . whitacre's Pov the candy be be carte away by ant , inch from he wing tip . whitacre ( v.0 . ) that 's a big break , right there . absolutely . there 's no choice to be make . no debate . you be a ant . you just eat it . interior gaslight lounge , o'hare airport - moment later Wilson sit at a table with two french executive -- rollier and crouy . the lounge do well in the 70' and have decide to stay there -- most everything be cover in red velvet , except for the waitress -- they be cover in sequine body suit and fishnet . wilson we can not have one section of the world where it work and the rest of the world where it do not . it will not last ... whitacre return from the bathroom . he put the tape recorder / folder on the table . Wilson rest he cocktail on it . whitacre Terry , Alain , philippe . bonjour . rollier as produced 46 . we would obviously play the game . but , the korean and the japanese ... crouy ... they will cheat . terry wilson then it will not work . whitacre well , you make it work in the other division . tell they . terry wilson ( cont 'd ) look , everyone have to share number . it 's so goddamn simple . how the hell else would you do it ? it 's what we do in the citric acid business and look at the price of vitamin . crouy whitacre ( v.0 . ) Terry do not like I very much ... he 's get blotchy skin ... what cause that blotchiness ?? it must mean something medical ... he 'il have a stroke and someone will say -- '' he be blotchy ... it happen . '' let 's not forget that if price go up in Europe it 's because we talk in Mexico first . terry wilson that 's right , you make it happen . rollier it be we pleasure . interior hampton inn decatur - evening shepard have headphone on -- he 's excited by what he hear . whitacre excitedly diagram the world 's lysine market on a dry erase board for herndon , illustrate the relationship . a primer in corporate greed . shepard ( loud because of the headphone ) Mark , this be just the kind of tape we need . whitacre and we be get we march order from andrea . right to the top . see ? it go as produced 47 . shepard ( loud because of the headphone ) we need to improve the quality of the recording . exterior whitacre driveway - morning rusty the gardner blow leave off the driveway . whitacre pull out of the six car garage in a lincoln town car . he yell at rusty over the leaf blower . whitacre hey , rusty , check this out . whitacre gesture to he briefcase lie in the passenger seat . whitacre what do you think ? rusty the gardener it 's a nice briefcase . whitacre but , wait . there 's more . whitacre open the briefcase and pull a secret panel to reveal a tape recorder . he could not be more proud . whitacre that be a nagra sn . have the bureau custom make it for I -- Mark whitacre secret agent double 0 fourteen . rusty the gardener why double o fourteen ? whitacre cuz I be twice as smart as double o seven . interior adm corporate jet - day whitacre sit with andrea and some adm suit on the company plane . andrea chat with one co- worker and then turn to whitacre . andreas whatever happen to that girl who be work for we -- do not she move to California ? what 's she name , Tina ? as produced 48 . whitacre she 's get marry . andreas my Tina be get marry ? whitacre two or three weekend from now . andreas that will not last for very long . she 's a bit of a do - do head . she 'il be back . I just hope she do not get pregnant . fuck up she body . oh , she have a nice body . whitacre do not respond . he 's wear a wire . andreas it would ruin she tit . she 's get the great tit in the world ... whitacre look out the window at white billow cloud . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when polar bear hunt , they crouch down by a hole in the ice and wait for a seal to pop up . they keep one paw over they nose so that they blend in . cuz they have get that black nose . they have blend in perfectly if not for the nose . exterior JOHN wayne airport , orange county - day whitacre walk across the tarmac with andrea and some other suit . whitacre ( v.0 . ) so the question be . how do they know they nose be black ? from look at other polar bear ? do they see they reflection in the water ? and think , '' I would be invisible if not for that . '' that seem like a lot of think for a bear . exterior marriott HOTEL ( irvine , CA ) - later whitacre , andrea , and Terry Wilson get out of a limo . super : irvine , CA as produced 49 , andreas now remember to pat they down for wire before the meeting . whitacre what ? andreas yeah . it 's a new policy . whenever we meet with the japanese . the man enter the lobby . interior marriott HOTEL lobby ( irvine , CA ) - continuous whitacre 's look back and forth between the two man - - try to conceal he terror . whitacre you be kid , right ? I do not get amemo . Mick , I do not get any kind of memo . terry wilson he 's kid . relax , Mark . andreas they do not have the ball to mess with adm . the man make they way across the lobby . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when it 's over , the board of director at adm be gonna understand . they be gonna see the position I be in and that I act in everyone 's best interest , I think that 's the only conclusion they can reach . I mean , I be the youngest division President they have ever have and I speak a number of language fluently . video image of conference room the four executive enter a conference room and move toward the table . interior surveillance room —- continuous shepard and herndon huddle around the video monitor and take note . as produced 50 . interior conference room - marriott HOTEL - continuous whitacre stare at a lamp in the corner . he walk right toward it -- curious . the lamp be the camera . interior surveillance room - continued whitacre 's face fill the monitor screen . he be stare directly into the camera . shepard no. no. mark. no. herndon ( regretfully ) I tell he the camera be in the lamp . interior conference room - a little later the execs sit around the table eat the bake good and discuss business . yamada we already spend more than one year to get better market situation in lysine . whitacre we talk a little bit about it in Paris , but we need to come to a understanding on volume . interior surveillance room - continuous shepard and herndon watch video footage of andrea . shepard struggle with the joystick that control the lipstick camera in the lamp -- he frame be way off . herndon we need a shot of this guy work together . shepard try to re-frame the group . interior conference room - continuous ikeda go over to the easel and make a pie chart as a visual aid for andrea 's proposal . as produced 51 . andreas ..- now the question be , if the market grow , who get it ? if kyowa hakko , miwon and cheil Corporation each get two thousand ton , we can divide up the rest . if we be go to have any stability at all ... whitacre be distract by a clicking SOUND . he shift uncomfortably . andrea notice the sound and pause . ikeda we need some specific number . andreas what would you be willing to accept ? be not that the question ? yamada adm have already eat all the growth . more clicking . whitacre realize he briefcase seem to be the source of the click . he open it . the clicking be come from inside . interior surveillance room - continuous shepard and herndon watch the monitor nervously as whitacre open the briefcase with the hide tape recorder . interior conference room - marriott HOTEL - continuous whitacre remove the panel conceal the tape recorder , fiddle with a piece of the lining catch in the apparatus . andreas you gotta remember we have a lot more capacity than we be use . we could be grow twenty thousand ton , be not that right , Mark ? whitacre be still fiddling with the case . andreas Mark ? what be you do ? interior surveillance room - continuous shepard and herndon watch the monitor . whitacre be about to be compromise . herndon get up . as produced 52 . herndon ( 0.s. ) I be go in . we gotta shut this down . shepard ( 0.s. ) wait. hold on . I think he 's get it . on the monitor andrea reach over and without look inside it , shut the case . andreas I need you input here . the meeting continue . herndon sigh , relieved . interior dept . of justice conference room - chicago herndon and shepard present they prize tape to robin mann esq , early 40 's -- humorless and contrary . as the video tape play , shepard explain what be go on . shepard they be talk about Paris . robin mann I can not understand he . shepard they have a board of director and shareholder . they be all suffer together . robin mann where 's the agreement ? this be just a discussion . herndon if this be not a agreement , then what be they all do there ? shepard you be get bog down with the word . just look at the action . look what happen right here . on the video , ikeda draw the pie chart . robin mann I have look . I see a chart with a bunch of word . I do not even see any number on that . I can not pinpoint any agreement per se . as produced 53 . herndon what more do you want ? the guy be stand there divide up the market plain as day . robin mann it could just be a proposal . ai1l the other company be not there . nobody use the word '' agreement . '' I be just tell you -- from the perspective of the justice Department -- it be not enough . herndon and shepard be discourage . interior hampton inn - afternoon whitacre hand another small stack of tape to shepard and herndon . whitacre have good news . whitacre we be have another meeting to work out some issue in lysine . we have get to divide up the volume and set price for some of the market . shepard Europe again ? whitacre Europe be out . there 's a price fix investigation in the cement manufacturing business there . it 's get everybody spook so we be not go there . herndon we can not video tape in Japan -- that 's not gonna help we . whitacre Hawaii . shepard Hawaii ? whitacre Hawaii . a golf ball be place on a tee as produced 54 . exterior sheraton makaha golf course - oahu mimoto , ikeda , whitacre , Wilson and another foursome of asian lysine execs play golf and laugh . a golf cart nearby herndon and shepard , dress as golfer , patrol the course snap photograph with a very long lens . they train microphone on the group from sand trap and linger in tee box hope to hear fragment of price fix . interior surveillance room - day shepard watch on a video monitor as whitacre and other lysine executive enter a hotel room . another lamp with another hide camera . terry wilson ( on monitor ) damn it Mark . look at the size of this . it 's bullshit . can you call down and get we a bigger room ? interior sheraton makaha —- meeting suite - continuous a medium -size room overlook the grounds . iced tea and fruit trays for the exec and a easel in the corner . Wilson be right . the room do seem cramped for the number of man assemble -- whitacre , mimoto , ikeda and a number of other from Asia and Europe . the man sit uncomfortably close to each other . it 's all awkward . whitacre ( to Terry , whisper ) there be a bunch of conference . terry wilson will you call they , please ? whitacre I will . make yourselves at home please . cu on the phone base whitacre 's finger hold down the receiver switch . he 's fake the call . whitacre ( into phone ) do you have a suite that 's maybe a bit more roomy for we ?... the macua room ? yes . ( more ) as produced 55 . whitacre ( into phone ) ( cont would ) be that you biggest room ? it sound big ... but it be . I see . I see . and for the whole day ? okay . so this be it ? we be here . we be stick . okay . then we ’1ll make do . thank you . he hang up . shrug to Wilson . interior surveillance room - continued shepard watch the monitor . whitacre ( on monitor ) look like we be here to stay . on the monitor , the back of someone 's head fill the entire frame . someone be sit directly in front of the lamp / camera . shepard panic . shepard oh no . they be screw . interior meeting suite - continuous whitacre see that the camera be block by mimoto . he act fast . whitacre indulge I for a second here . you might be more comfortable if I move the chair . he move the chair to another part of the room . mimoto follow . interior surveillance room - continuous shepard be relieved . whitacre to the rescue . shepard thatta boy , Mark . interior meeting suite - continuous Terry Wilson start the meeting . terry wilson we have a old say at adm and I think it apply here . ( more ) as produced terry wilson ( cont would ) it 's better to have the elephant inside the tent pissin 's out , than outside the tent pissin 's in . mimoto outside piss ? Language problem . terry wilson it 's better to be part of the group . whitacre chime in . whitacre what he 's say be that the customer be we enemy . the competitor be we friend . which be why it 's important we have all the lysine producer involved , include the cheil Corporation . jm suh of cheil Corporation respond . suh I want to know why we have be exclude from association in the past . we need to be part of this . how can we know adm will stay at agree - upon level ? Wilson step in . terry wilson well , it would be we preference that we simply trust each other . and if we find out someone 's be lie , we will just hire some mafia figure to rub you out . quiet laughter . terry wilson that 's just a little bit of levity , of course . but the point be that if we can not trust each other , it be not gonna work . mimoto ( to suh ) you be okay with that ? suh yes . I be all right . as produced 57 . whitacre so what be we say ? Wilson look at whitacre like he 's a idiot . terry wilson what , do you have a language problem , Mark ? whitacre then we be all ... they just say so . it 's like whitacre be play password . he search for something -- a word . mimoto agreed . whitacre yes ! interior dept of justice conference room - chicago shepard and herndon have be play the new tape for Robin Mann and US antitrust attorney jame mutchnik . shepard and herndon beam with pride . shepard agreement . you hear it . he hit rewind and play it again . robin mann congratulation . mutchnik a jury 's gonna love that . robin mann well do . you do it . mutchnik Christ , how about this guy whitacre ? what 's he story ? shepard what do you mean ? mutchnik what 's he agenda ? the guy 's make 350 grand a year , he 's move up the ladder and he turn informer . when do that happen ? be the money go up he nose ? ( more ) as produced 58 . mutchnik ( cont would ) some woman somewhere with a kid that he 's see on one of this business trip ? what 's he story ? shepard and herndon be offended on behalf of Mark . herndon reach into he briefcase and pull out a holiday card . herndon we want to show you this . that 's a picture of Mark whitacre and he family . the group pass it around . herndon we carry this with we all the time as a constant reminder that he be a real person with a real family depend on he . shepard the only reason we have any of this tape be because of this man . herndon we want to know , when the time come , if he lose he job , will the government stand behind he ? interior whitacre mansion - master bedroom —- morning whitacre look in the mirror as he put on a tie . he see good thing on the horizon . he buzze with positivity . his master plan be come to fruition . but Ginger see it differently . ginger Mark , be you a idiot ? whitacre Ginger , I ‘’1l be the only one leave . Mick will be go . Terry will be go . dwayne will be go . I ama scientist and I understand the business side . I be the only one qualified to run adm . ginger Mark , that 's completely illogical . how can you possibly stay there when you have just take down the company ? as produced 59 . whitacre because they need I to run the company . first of all , I be extremely valuable to the company . and secondly , I do the right thing . ok ? the board be go to see that . the board 's gonna respect that . ginger it 's the FBI , right ? they be brainwashing you . it 's Brian shepard put this idea in you head to keep you work for he . whitacre put on he suit jacket . whitacre I be tell you , they will make I the next president of adm . interior hampton inn - evening a row of rifle be line up under the window . walkie - talky be check and recheck by a squadron of FBI agent . warrant be pass out . super : JUNE 27 , 1995 the cheap hotel room have be transformed into a command CENTER . there 's a map of decatur on the wall with push -pin at various location and a chart of which agent will contact which adm executive . go time . shepard , herndon , Mann and mutchnik surround whitacre prepare he for what 's to come . he look like a man about to be shot into space . shepard how 's you family do ? whitacre they be good . they will be at a amusement park when you guy make you move . robin mann whatever happen tomorrow , I think it 's in you best interest to get a attorney who represent you interest alone . whitacre be confuse . whitacre you want I to get a attorney now ? as produced 60 . herndon no , not now . mutchnik the first thing that 's go to happen be the company lawyer be go to come to all the executive with a list of attorney for you to pick from . you gotta understand , this attorney be pay by adm . they do not represent you . do not pick one of this attorney . that 's when you tell they that you have you own attorney . shepard you need to tell they that you be cooperate with the government . mutchnik it 's perfectly reasonable for you to cooperate . it happen all the time . whitacre I think I know a lawyer in decatur . shepard no , Mark . the town 's too small . mutchnik I be sure you have meet lawyer in you business dealing who can handle this . whitacre definitely . he search he mind for who that might be . shepard now , Mark , once this start it be go to be intense . they be go to know that somebody be on the inside work with we . they be go to do almost anything to find out who it be . whitacre you guy still think I be go to be okay at the company ? right ? you guy be gonna take down the bad guy , but I 'il be okay . he search shepard for reassurance . they have be in this the longest . as produced 61 . shepard I think it 's important to remember what we talk about before , and what we be talk about right now . tell they you be cooperate with the government . whitacre yeah . I know . but I be just ask if you guy think I 'il be okay at the company . robin mann well , I think the corporate culture 's gonna change a little bit for you . whitacre I should say so . herndon we should just focus on the raid . robin mann yes . exterior adm parking lot - night five identical FBI cruiser pull into a empty parking lot . Red light spin . a row of agent march up to the front door of adm , warrant in hand . interior adm —- continuous the agent work they way through the unoccupy office , seize file and large computer component . interior decatur club dine room - simultaneous whitacre and Wilson dine with a visiting client , 35 . they be a couple of cocktail into the swagger of american Business . terry wilson come on Mark , you be make that up . whitacre no , it 's true . archer , the '' a '' in adm , choke to death on a chicken bone in 1947 . fact. fact. as produced 62 . terry wilson there you have it from Mark whitacre , ph.d . you know what the Ph.D. be for ? pile Higher and deeper . visiting client and let I guess , Daniels be kill by a pig and the cow get midland ? booze-soake laughter all around . angle on herndon and shepard at the hostess stand whisper -- the hostess drop she menus . terry wilson so , a chicken get archer , but fifty year later we deal with tyson Farms , Foster Farms -- what 's the body count ? more laughter . the agent walk up to the table . herndon Mr. Wilson , Mr. whitacre . I be Bob herndon and I be a FBI agent . this be special agent shepard . whitacre what the heck be go on here ? terry wilson what 's this about ? shepard Mr. whitacre will you please come with I ? Wilson be baffle . whitacre feign surprise -- they both look to they client . terry wilson I have no idea what this be about . Wilson get up from the table . whitacre do he best to act shake . terry wilson do I need a lawyer ? whitacre a lawyer ? Terry ! as produced 63. the man move away from the table leave the visit client baffle and all alone . interior decatur club hallway - continuous shepard and whitacre make they way out of the club and head for the FBI cruiser . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I save a guy once at a restaurant in Hong Kong . he be choke on a bone and I get he to throw himself over the back of he chair . he send I card on holiday just to say thanks . tell I what he kid be study . he remember I . you can take basic first aid course from you local fire department . interior decatur club vestibule - simultaneous herndon and Wilson . terry wilson you have a reason for embarrassing my colleague and I in front of a business prospect ? herndon this be a serious matter . it involve a international investigation into price fix . we have see you and you boss , Mick andrea , conspire with you competitor to fix price . we have see you tell other to do it . there will be indictment . search warrant have be issue and some people , people you know and work with will be go to jail . Wilson stand motionless cradling he High Ball . interior shepard 's car —- parking lot - night whitacre and shepard watch herndon and Wilson in the foyer of the club whitacre be in the middle of a adrenaline rush two - and - a-half year in the make . it 's all come off as plan . whitacre look at that , look at Bob and Terry . man , I would love to be a fly on that wall . I be good be not I ? ( more ) as produced 64 . whitacre ( cont would ) do not I seem really scared ? I actually feel scared . shepard try to calm he down , get he to focus . whitacre be talk a million mile a hour . shepard remember what we tell you , all right ? tell they that you be cooperate first thing and whatever you do , do not take one of they lawyer . whitacre right . no. interior whitacre's mercede benz coupe - night whitacre and Wilson . whitacre be in a feign panic . whitacre what do you say to you guy ? terry wilson nothing . I tell he nothing . slow down . whitacre I , too . terry wilson he say he have tape -- that he have hear price fix tape ... what the fuck be that ? the car skid into a turn up a very long drive toward the kind of stone mansion that come from generation of price fix . whitacre I bet they have the phone tapped . I always say that about they . it 's the phone . terry wilson I can not believe they would pull this shit on dwayne andrea . whitacre look , I get phone call from time to time , Terry . terry wilson I know , I know . as produced 65 . mick appear in the headlight ready for a fight -- shirt un - tuck , hold a drink . he 's a andrea and not to be fuck with . exterior andreas mansion driveway - continuous gnat swarm around the yard light -- cricket chirp out the temperature . andreas we be go to the lawyer -- I do not want to use the phone . whitacre see , the phone . andreas they hit everybody -- my dad , Schmidt , randall ... wilson fuck I . andreas they play I a tape -- of I -- some meeting with the fuck japanese . I call the lawyer . we be gonna go there . terry wilson they play a tape ? how the fuck do they get a tape ? andreas I really do not think they have that much and when you factor in everything we have ever do for they -- it will be a ten year thing for the lawyer , then a deal , maybe a fine . that 's all this be ever gonna be . trust I . whitacre stand with he co-worker . a tape recorder even now spin in he jacket . interior FBI office , decatur - later the small room be abuzz with agent report in . they shake hand and congratulate each other on the successful raid . a agent answer the phone . phone agent I get agent temple for Attorney mutchnik . as produced 66. mutchnik -- share in the joy of the success take the phone . mutchnik this be James mutchnik . exterior kirk schmidt 's house - night agent temple sit in he car outside the house on he car phone . agent temple I just interview a adm employee , kirk Schmidt . mutchnik ( 0.s. ) yeah ? agent temple Schmidt know we be come . say he know about the raid day ago . he say whitacre tell he . interior FBI office , decatur - continuous mutchnik hang up the phone . one unhappy guy in the midst of a lot of law enforcement back - patting . he stomp off in the direction of shepard and herndon . mutchnik bob. Brian . can I talk to you guy for a second ? exterior holiday inn parking lot - later whitacre wait in he mercede drink a Coke -- hum happily . herndon and shepard 's sedan pull up next to he . the three man get out and stand in the parking lot . whitacre that be amazing . you guy should have see it . Terry be so scared and Mick and the lawyer , they be piss ! shepard ( sarcastic ) that 's super , Mark . but , whitacre miss he tone . he continue on he rant . as produced 67 . whitacre the best part be , they think you give I the once over . they be like , '' whitacre , you alright ? '' herndon do you make a tape ? whitacre again reach into he pocket and pull out a small tape recorder . whitacre yeah , I make a tape . a great one . really good . he hand the agent the tape . whitacre so , it 's over then . whitacre nod -- a moment to savor , until ... shepard Mark , who do you tell ? whitacre what ? shepard who else do you tell about the raid ? shepard be furious , he glare at whitacre . whitacre well , I have to tell my secretary . guy , I be the head of the bioproduct division . she have to know how to get in touch with I . I tell she month ago . all I say be , '' Liz , I be do some work with the FBI . I might be out of touch for a while . '' that 's it . she have no idea about we case . shepard still glare . whitacre I be pretty sure I have mention the name Kathy dougherty a time or two , in my division . Kathy be a friend . she be a trust ally . I do not want she to be scared . shepard why do you do that , Mark ? why would you tell dougherty ? as produced 68 . whitacre because I do not want she to be scared ! I trust she ! guy , we can trust Kathy ! shepard glare in harder , he voice crack . he know there 's more . shepard who else ?! do not jack we around , Mark . whitacre mmm ... kirk Schmidt . schmidty . look , I be afraid that he would not say anything to you guy , that he would clam up and not talk on account of he 's loyal to I . shepard explode . shepard you could have ruin this entire operation . two and a half year ... whitacre have anything go wrong ? have anything go wrong tonight ? whitacre and shepard be about to square off . herndon time out . Mark , you know what you do be wrong in we eye . it be suppose to be a secret . whitacre contemplate more excuse -- but before he can get they out ... shepard look , we can get past this . but be there anything else we need to know ? whitacre no. no . not that I can think of . shepard remember to tell they that you be get you own lawyer . whitacre lose it . whitacre I know about the lawyer , Brian ! as produced 69 . the success of the evening have be lose in the anger . the man retreat to they car -- whitacre the successful mole in he mercede . the agent in they non-descript dodge . interior adm - the next morning whitacre stroll through the trading area amaze at the mayhem he 's create . document be be carte away by the arm load . secretaries make frantic phone call to lawyer . whitacre take he secret to he office and sit at he desk . interior whitacre 's office - continuous through the glass wall the great and powerful dwayne andreas , 70 , cross the chaotic room , follow by Mick , Terry Wilson , and two starch and suite man of deliberate bear who can only be lawyer -- AUBREY daniel and JOHN dowd . whitacre 's eye widen . do they know ? dwayne enter -- cold and formidable . dwayne andreas Mark whitacre , this be aubrey Daniel . AUBREY daniel pleasure meeting you . I be represent adm in this matter . and this be John dowd , a colleague of mine . dwayne have fill we in on you responsibility here . they shake hand . dwayne andreas aubrey prosecute Lt. calley after the my lai massacre in Vietnam . so this ought to be a cake walk for he . AUBREY daniel we be hope you have have some time to sit down and talk to John here . mick andreas adm 's behind you on this , Mark . dad and I want the key people to know that we will be pay for all you legal fee . whitacre relax . whitacre great , that 's great . thank you . as produced 70 . dwayne andreas then we will let you fella get acquainted . whitacre okay . everyone leave except for dowd and whitacre . dowd give whitacre a warm , know look . JOHN dowd how you hold up , Mark ? whitacre good . please sit down . whitacre close the door . whitacre John , can I ask you something ? JOHN dowd sure. anything . whitacre if I say something to you be you allow to say something to Mick and dwayne ? angle on whitacre’s office from the trading floor . whitacre close the vertical blind one by one as he continue talk to dowd . whatever he 's say to dowd seem to be take more time than the script the FBI laid out for he . exterior adm - later twilight . from the parking lot you can see two man still talk in the fluorescent light of whitacre 's office . dowd nod along with whitacre 's tale . interior adm trading floor - later Mick , Terry , and aubrey Daniel sit among box of pizza and beer . the end of a day they would all like to forget . the blind finally open in whitacre 's office . dowd and whitacre emerge . dowd look stunne . hour and hour with whitacre can do that . whitacre be solemn . Wilson , Daniel , Mick stop what they be do and look up . as produced 71 . whitacre I need to tell you that I be go to be cooperate with the FBI . they have hundred of tape . they know all about lysine . John here agree with I -- I should be get another lawyer . JOHN dowd no question about it . dowd and Daniel share a know look . a uncomfortable silence follow . whitacre I be sorry for what 's happen . whitacre shake Mick andrea 's hand and walk away like a little boy who break the neighbor 's window . andreas sorry ? what 's that ? interior movie theater - night whitacre sit alone fully engross by the movie . on the movie screen the firm . tom cruise , as Mitch mcdeere , talk with FBI agent Wayne tarrance , play by ed harris at a dog track . mcdeere be wear a wire -- he 's taping tarrance , turn the table . whitacre ( v.0 . ) it feel good to talk , to clear the air -- you get to be like a balloon after a while . a balloon look for a pin to bump into and relieve the pressure . you could get sick from keep it inside and get a tumor or something ... I do not ask for that . exterior rural highway - night whitacre drive through the darkness . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I have a friend from school who have a law practice and he 's always tell I how they can not talk about they case ... as produced 72 . interior whitacre mansion - master bedroom - early morning whitacre lie in bed fully dress . Ginger sleep next to he . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... like in the firm . you can tell they anything and they have to keep it to themselves or they get in a lot of trouble ... they be box . that 's what they say , ' box . 's interior law office of epstein , zaideman , chicago - day jim epstein , 43 , and bob zaideman , 50 , sit with Mark whitacre in they office in the Loop . whitacre recount he life as a mole in a rambling fashion -- leaping tangent to tangent . to the uninitiated , he story challenge logic and belief . epstein so , there be not a saboteur in the beginning at all ? you make that up ? whitacre maybe there be , there could have be . adm steal technology from the japanese -- so I would not put it past the japanese to do the same thing to we . but once I tell the FBI that I have make that part up they say I have very little choice but to be a cooperate witness . zaideman and you begin make tape . how many tape do you make ? whitacre move he lip and mind in different direction . the interior monologue take precedence -- it 's take over now . the on-camera story we have hear before . whitacre there be over 200 tape . I carry a tape recorder almost every day to work once I sign a cooperate witness agreement , and then they give I a special briefcase that I take to meeting that have a hide recorder in it -- they even sew a small one they just develop into my suit and I have ride around on the plane and tape Mick and the guy talk about price fix or steal technology and illegal campaign contribution , just whatever we would talk about . whitacre as produced 73. whitacre ( v.0 . ) there be so many really nice people in the world . people who want to help out . good neighbor . good listener . like when they have this flood out on the Mississippi and people lose everything and be sleep in a school gym , someone always show up with a warm coat for the old people and a homemade pot roast . that 's why Ginger and I buy that girl in town a special computer after she have the spine injury . that kind of thing really make a difference . Jim here strike I as that kind of guy , you can tell he 's the one - in - a - hundred guy who when you come into the emergency room , you thank you lucky star that it 's he watch . then I have come back . two night a week , Brian and Bob and I would get together and we have work it . we have build the investigation . get what we need , gather all the information . then we go to DOJ , brief that lawyer and soon we be hit adm , raid the place , take it down . Epstein can not believe it . epstein and for how long do you do this ? work as a informant ? whitacre uh , two and a half year . a half year . two and a moment of reflection and then ... whitacre the lawyer look at each other . i_ always think there have still be a place for I at adm when this whole thing be over . I still have a lot of friend there . a lot of friend . who could be that stupid ? they stifle they laughter . as produced 74 . epstein Mark , it 's very important to you case that you not discuss this with anyone else . okay ? this people you work with , you friend , they could end up be witness . so Bob and I be the only people I want you to talk to about this from now on and I want you to know you can tell we anything . whitacre okay . interior whitacre mansion - morning whitacre eat a bowl of cereal and talk on the phone . he 's fully caffeinate and ready to go . he 's the most famous white collar informant in the history of America . whitacre they keep come to the house and they only have adm 's side of the story . shepard ( 0.s . ) do you talk to the Wall Street Journal , Mark ? what do you say ? it 's real important that you not talk to the press . whitacre I ? I tell he I have no comment . but , it do not matter . they have the story anyway . they already have it . on the counter be a newspaper . angle on wsj headline : seed of doubt : a executive become informant for the FBI , stunning giant adm . whitacre do you see my stipple portrait ? it 's pretty good . interior cta commuter train - morning Jim Epstein read the Wall Street Journal in horror . but , it get worse . he look up to see that it be in the hand of almost every other executive on the train . as produced 75 . epstein oh shit . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... be Brian shepard gonna lose he job for that ? his standard of live ? I have go to the local junior high school on career day and talk to kid about biochemistry and the kind of career opportunity available ... exterior whitacre mansion - morning a crowd of reporter and eng crews have sproute up among the corn field . they press in on the gate and surround the house . America have question for Mark whitacre . the door open and whitacre step into the bright light of public scrutiny . whitacre head across the lawn like a celebrity . Reporters shout question at he . reporter 1 what comment can you make on the allegation on tv ? whitacre I come out to tell you that I be not allow to talk to the press at this time . but , it 's not the warm reception he have be count on . reporter 2 Amy comment on the effect of you action on adm 's decline stock price ? reporter 3 what 's be the reaction of you friend and coworker be tape without they knowledge ? whitacre I be a person of interest in a ongoing investigation , so ... sorry . reporter 3 do you believe you and you family can safely stay in decatur ? reporter 2 have the government arrange to move you ? as produced 76 . whitacre retreat toward the house . his public face crack at the edge . Ginger and Alexander wait for he on the step . they close the door and pull the drape . interior whitacre live room - day Ginger with shepard and herndon . ginger we be still get the threaten phone call and I know for a fact that dwayne and Terry have be tell people he be not a good worker . that he can not be trust . shepard we tell Mark , we tell he , that he have to expect the unexpected -- that he might be attack -- that he be not go to win any popularity contest for this . ginger he just mope around here all day , watch the news look for a glimpse of himself . or , he call someone from adm try to get the latest gossip . shepard maybe you guy should get out of town until the hearing start . herndon he have to stop talk to people . exterior roadside motel - day whitacre get out of the car with a briefcase and head into the motel . interior roadside motel room - bloomington , illinois - day whitacre sit on the bed and talk as a reporter take note . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I do not owe Brian shepard the truth . I mean , I give Brian shepard two and a half year of my life and now I have legal bill to show for it . and I be the good guy in all this -- the guy who take on adm . be Brian shepard gonna lose he job for that ? ( more ) as produced 77 . whitacre ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) his standard of live ? I have go to the local junior high school on career day and talk to kid about biochemistry and the kind of career opportunity available . can Brian shepard and Bob herndon say that ? I be the white hat . I do enough for Brian shepard . who 's gonna take care of I ? a photographer prepare to take a picture . whitacre pose . everything but the white hat . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... who 's gonna pick the kid up from swim lesson ? who have a plaque in the high school for the Mark whitacre Environmental Award ? where be you friend when it 's dump on whitacre ? where 's the pot roast and warm coat ? the camera flash . interior adm bookeeping dept super : august 1995 scott robert , a adm attorney , thumb through record . he 's examine a file entitle : abp INTERNATIONAL . angle on the paperwork contract cite various sum of money and photocopy of check . robert hold two page up to the light . he line up the signature . and then run down the hall with the page . interior adm - mick andreas 's office - evening Mick , dwayne , and aubrey Daniel stand before the window . Roberts hold the page up against the window . angle on the page the two signature eclipse each other perfectly . robert you can see where he paste it . mick andreas he 's a fuck forger ! as produced 78 . interior whitacre 's car - moment later whitacre race the Range Rover down a two - lane road in the middle of the farm field of South Central Illinois . the car phone ring . he answer cheerfully . whitacre Mark whitacre . AUBREY daniel ( 0.s. ) hello , Mark ? it 's aubrey Daniel . I be here in Mick andrea 's office and we be wonder , do the name lennart thorstensson mean anything to you ? whitacre say nothing . interior adm - mick andreas 's office - continuous the adm executive listen closely . AUBREY daniel ( on phone ) what about nordkron chemie ? do that ring a bell ? after a beat ... whitacre well , I 'il have someone get back to you on that . AUBREY daniel you do that . he hang up . AUBREY daniel ( laugh ) he 's go to call we back . Mick and the other laugh . exterior chinese restaurant , taylorville - day whitacre get out of a FBI cruiser with herndon and shepard . they walk toward a restaurant in rural Illinois . interior chinese restaurant , taylorville - continuous the three man sit in a booth . whitacre have something to get off he chest . as produced 79 . whitacre my lawyer 's tell I not to talk to you guy , but there 's something I have be want to talk about for a while . herndon do not tell we anything . you have a lawyer now . it 's not like it be before . shepard we be not ask you . whitacre keep go . whitacre what if I just throw out some '' hypothetical ? '' I x11 talk about certain financial situation and you tell I if they be wrong or how serious they might be . okay ? for instance , what if a company give a executive a car , you know , a corporate car . but instead of drive it to work he drive he personal car and give the company car to he daughter . would that be a problem ? herndon that 's it ? that 's the hypothetical ? the agent try not to laugh . after what whitacre have give the government -- a little undeclared perk be nothing . shepard that should not be a problem . whitacre what if it be a corporate plane and the executive be use that for personal use ? herndon basically , the same thing . shepard there may be some IRS issue but ... whitacre what if it be standard practice at adm for executive to regularly accept kickback in cash ? shepard drop he fork . herndon be stunne . as produced 80 . shepard how much money be we talk about , Mark ? whitacre pause , clear he throat . whitacre well , Brian , hypothetically ... five hundred thousand dollar ? herndon how much ??? whitacre try to justify he action . whitacre it 's the way thing be do there . I be not the only one who be do it . everybody 's do it . shepard when do this start , Mark ? whitacre December , 1991 . shepard run down the implication in he mind . for whitacre . for himself . shepard you , you ... how be you pay ? whitacre paid by check , check deposit in various account . and always under the amount of ten thousand dollar . shepard and do any of this check come in after we meet ? whitacre pause . whitacre maybe . shepard and herndon know what that mean . exterior dept of justice , WASHINGTON , DC - day aubrey Daniel and a phalanx of lawyer ascend the step of the Department of justice . as produced 81 . interior department of justice , WASHINGTON DC - day a overhead projector display the forge contract on a screen . aubrey Daniel put on a show for Mann , mutchnik and U.S. asst . attorney general gary spratling . AUBREY daniel two point five million dollar . deposit in a bank in Switzerland while Mark whitacre be there on adm business . we have swear testimony from Mr. lennart thorstensson of the abp Corporation that he have never see this contract and that he signature be forge . neither he nor he company ever receive this check ... as Daniel continue , one of the young lawyer pass out a folder of affidavit and other document . AUBREY daniel it be clear to we that Mark whitacre , drive by he own boundless ambition to take over adm , have attempt to frame he superior in a price fix conspiracy of he own invention ... Mann and mutchnik can not believe what they be see in the black folder . AUBREY daniel .-- his cooperation with the government be merely a smokescreen to hide he lie and cheating and steal . we have additional information that we be prepare to share with Attorney General reno that the money have since be move to Grand Cayman with the full knowledge and complicity of whitacre 's FBI partner ... and under ... the DOJ lawyer stare at the table -- search for the rest of they career . interior FBI springfield - day shepard and herndon appear before they boss -- paisley and medford . shepard can not believe what he 's hearing . as produced 82 . shepard what be they accuse I of ? I want the specifics . be they say I be in cahoot with the guy ? medford and paisley do not want to answer this . medford paragraph eight in we agreement with whitacre state that he action be directly attributable to the FBI and the United States government . paisley they be say he steal two and half million dollar while we be run he . shepard but , how could we know what he be do ? he come to we . paisley the question they be ask be not '' how could we know ? '' it 's '' why do not we know ? '' herndon no . the question be '' be they price fix ? '' medford and paisley share a look . medford the investigation have shift from adm to whitacre . shepard of course , adm decide whitacre 's a thief as soon as they find out he 's work for we . herndon who 's count the money over there -- they can just lose two and half million dollar for a few year and then find it in a few hour ? shepard we gotta call Mark . paisley I do not want you to do that . shepard and herndon be confuse . as produced 83. medford we be take you off . shepard that 's it ? we be do ? I think the FBI never hang a witness out to dry . medford he 's not a witness anymore -- he 's a target . interior law office of epstein , zaideman - day a Sunday afternoon . Epstein and Zaideman try and get a handle on the scope of whitacre 's fraud . whitacre have shoe box of receipt and bank statement . account all over the place . whitacre I only keep a million and a half -- and Mick know about it . he know this thing go on . who do you think teach I how to do it ? Zaideman and Epstein shake they head . epstein you can not bullshit this people tomorrow . who know what they know ? if we be go in there we get to go in with the whole story . because the way it get bad for you be if you tell they you be confess and you do not . then you be sorely screw . whitacre point to the shoe box of papers . whitacre this be it -- what you have in front of you . that be it . I find every bank statement , every record . why would I hide anything from you guy ? this be it . exterior dept . of justice - chicago whitacre , Epstein , and Zaideman cross the plaza and enter the building . interior dept . of justice lobby - chicago the elevator arrive and whitacre break he silence . as produced 84 . whitacre listen , I have not be tell you guy the whole truth . but I be gonna clear that up in there today . zaideman what ? oh , shit . whitacre get on . Epstein and Zaideman rush in after he , try to hold the door open . epstein we get to get you out of here . whitacre no . I want to tell they . the door close . interior dept . of justice conference room - chicago whitacre sit surround Epstein and Zaideman who be petrify by what they client might say next . across from they sit DOJ lawyer for as far as the eye can see . Robin Mann want a pound of flesh from whitacre . robin mann Mr. whitacre 's conduct constitute a breach of he agreement with the US government . he be no longer a cooperate witness . epstein this be outrageous . my client have give you year of he life . clearly he make mistake , but he make you case . robin mann we be not here to discuss the case against adm . ed herbst , early 50 's , and mary spear , 40 's , close in on whitacre , armed with document and dollar amount . they take no prisoner . herbst Mr. whitacre , my name be Ed herbst and I be with the FBI economic crime unit . this be Mary spear and Don mackay from the Department of justice fraud division . we be wonder if you could tell we when you criminal conduct at adm begin . as produced 85 . whitacre in early 1992 . I be teach how thing be do there by Mick andrea who show I how to use embezzlement and kickback in order to make money tax free . Epstein try to do some damage control . epstein my client be voluntarily come to you ... whitacre I be aware that the fraud I perpetrate be wrong , and I accept responsibility . herbst how do you receive the money ? whitacre by check . they would deposit the check to my account in decatur . this seem unlikely . spear get angry . mary spear they pay kickback in check ? what company would pay kickback in check ? come on . no one from the government have ever be aggressive toward whitacre before -- he 's throw . the White hat have be knock off he head and be blow away across Chicago . whitacre I do not really remember the name of the company .. something like agriconsulting and Trading , something like that ... mary spear you do not remember the name of the company that pay you check ? whitacre it 's hard to remember for I right now . I have some thing go on in my life . in case you have not be read the papers . epstein hey , we be come to you guy . we be cooperate here . we be go to get the money back . as produced 86 . Epstein look at whitacre -- this last part might be hard . the money be now in the shape of earring and automobile and the stable across the street . herbst this might help you memory . he slide the forge abp document toward whitacre . whitacre now where do we get that ? herbst this be adm document show the forging of signature . whitacre smile and clap loudly . he see the conspiracy plainly . how come the rest of the world can not ? he be somewhere south of decatur -- lose in the corn . whitacre whitacre ( v.0o . ) see , that 's how they keep do not this people see the people in the fold -- they firm -- or read the book . tell you to take the money it 's all there . everything and then they use it against they do to I they do to you if you talk . it 's how Tom Cruise ... I be not the one they control we . you gotta they should be mad at ... realize who this people be ... interior whitacre mansion live room - night shepard , herndon , Ginger and whitacre . Mark look use up -- he hair seem to be gray around the edge . in front of he be a pile of newspaper -- Washington Post , wsj , Chicago tribune , etc . each with a banner announcement of he predicament . herndon we can not see you anymore and if you call we and start to talk about the case we will have to hang up ... shepard you can talk to we about you feeling , but that 's it . whitacre nod -- he can not play with he friend any more . shepard Mark , please understand . it 's not what we want . we have get no choice here . as produced 87 . whitacre the thing of it be , all of my anger , all of my frustration , stem from my work with you guy . and all this crap in the paper , my kid be see this . and it 's all just dump on Mark whitacre . angle on wsj 7/13/95 headline read : you dirty rat , say decatur , illinois -- people think MARK whitacre betraye they and ask why he turned to the FBI . shepard remember , Mark , we tell you it be impossible to predict what would happen when the case go public . herndon and you never tell we about the five million dollar you take ... whitacre I do not see what that have to do with the price fix ? Ginger have hear this before and she can not hear it again . ginger he work for you for two and a half year . he risk he career , he home ... and now you turn you back on he and leave we out here . whitacre Ginger ... but the dam have burst . she sob . shepard the reason we come today be because we be concerned about you and Mark 's well be . herndon it 's important that you tell the people in Washington everything tomorrow -- one hundred percent . whitacre nod . Ginger seethes . ginger you would have nothing without he and you know it . ( more ) as produced 88 . ginger ( cont would ) he 's just be use by the government and then throw away cuz it 's a lot easier to go after Mark whitacre than anyone name andrea . whitacre stare at the newspaper . interior whitacre mansion —- master bedroom - dawn whitacre be sit on the bed up and dress when the alarm go off . whitacre ( v.0 . ) we take the kid one year to the Renaissance Festival in Indiana . you get to be the White knight . the kid get to ride a horse and joust against the force of darkness with a helmet on . and the White knight always win , the force of darkness fall onto a old mattress ... he stare at a picture of he family . his mind race ina hundred direction . there 's nowhere to turn . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... someone play a lute and a song from medieval time . the day we go it be maybe ninety degree out and the heat and humidity index -- I can not even remember what the radio say . interior cat scan facility whitacre -- in he hospital gown -- vanish slowly , head first into the mri tube . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... we be next in line and the mare collapse -- go down in a heap . Ginger be eat ye olde drumstick and she drop it in the dirt . the kid be cry and I remember this farmer say he have a gun in he truck . just like that . from the White knight to a gun in the truck . they have everyone turn they back before they put the animal down . but even if you could not see you could still hear . how do you get that back ? how do that get to be fair ? as produced 89 . interior hospital cafeteria - day Ginger have a cup of coffee with a psychiatrist , doctor miller , 60 , as they wait for whitacre 's test result . ginger he just keep buy thing . we have eight car -- three of they we never even use . miller and how else have he change ? ginger I be always the one with the temper and corky be the happy one . but that 's change too . since he say he have cooperate with the FBI -- he 's become so intolerant of everyone ... miller why do you call he corky ? ginger he 's have that name since high school . he be like a champagne cork always fly off somewhere . interior psychiatrist's office ( chicago ) - later whitacre sit on the couch talk to Doctor Miller . this be not internal , it 's therapy . whitacre there 's one in Hong Kong . and then there 's the bank account in Switzerland and Grand Cayman ... other thing ... there 's a lawyer in New York who 's get a million dollar of mine . miller and have you tell you attorney the truth about all of this account ? whitacre no , but I do not need to tell . whitacre sigh . miller you need to tell you attorney about this account . as produced whitacre the asset be obtain legally . I do not know if I can trust he . miller Mark , have anybody in you family ever be diagnose with bipolar disorder , you know , manic - — depressive ? whitacre nod and lean in . whitacre I have a aunt who they use to say that about . in term of my parent , I can not be sure . my parent die in a automobile accident when I be six . I be adopt by a wealthy man in Ohio . he own amusement park . I catch a big break there , big break . interior conference room - epstein , zaideman - day 90 . whitacre appear again with Epstein before another herd of lawyer and agent . epstein my client be here to cooperate fully , so agent d'angelo , if you have any question . agent tony D ' angelo , 35 , relaxed -- he give whitacre another chance to come clean . D 'o angelo this be you chance to put everything on the table . this be the chance to redeem yourself , but if you be not go to be completely honest just stop talk now . whitacre I understand that . and I want to tell you I feel bad . the last time we speak I be under a great deal of stress and I say some thing that be not true . I want to clear that up . whitacre be more earnest than ever before . as produced 91 . whitacre the first kickback be in 1992 , Mick know all about it , he tell I there would be plenty of opportunity to take kick back on some of the contract come out of Asia and Europe . adm contract . D 'o angelo be anyone else involved ? interior amercian embassy —- mexico CITY - day richter , the guy from the Admiral 's Club in Mexico City , be question by FBI agent basset . richter 's entire financial history be spread out on the table in front of they . agent basset so , Mr. richter , we have money leave you account here and here and here and it 's go to whitacre 's account , he wife Ginger 's account . this one be go to whitacre 's parent 's account . richter like I say , that be loan . agent basset be not buy it . interior US attorney' office chicago - day marty allison , 40 and he lawyer , michael monico , appear before a host of FBI agent and lawyer . marty allison he have I set up a company , nordkron chemie and just issue this fake invoice to adm . there be a bank account in Hamburg and so I would get a check for like two hundred grand and most of it would go back to Mark . interior amercian embassy - mexico CITY - day agent basset continue question richter . agent basset look , we know you be look out for you friend Mark , but you story do not seem true . as produced 92. richter fold . richter you be right . it 's not true . all the money go to Mark . agent basset when do it start ? richter Mark tell I about this nigerian thing he get in the mail . interior DOJ ( WASHINGTON ) - conference room sid hulse testify with he lawyer , sheldon zenner and FBI agent grant and a bunch of DOJ lawyer . zenner you know about this scheme with the nigerian letter ? agent grant the 419 fraud ? we see it every day . you get a letter from some official in Nigeria or somewhere ask for a few grand to help they move million -- and they promise you a percentage of the money . zenner exactly . you ever wonder who be dumb enough to fall for something like that ? hulse be flushed . hulse this be really embarrassing ... interior epstein , zaideman conference room - later whitacre have laid out a amazing litany of theft and deception . D 'o angelo how much money would you say you make from all you illegal activity ? whitacre take a moment -- do the math in he head , mouth to himself the various source of he massive fraud . as produced whitacre Seven point seven million dollar . but , like I say , Mick know all about that . he endorse that kind of behavior . D ' angelo not five then , but seven point seven . whitacre Seven point seven . interior DOJ chamber - day 93 . Epstein stand before the standard assortment of lawyer -- herbst , Mann , mutchnik , spear , spratle , etc. to clean up the mess that be Mark whitacre . herbst Jim , we all understand special consideration , but we have get you guy . and this be case we know we can convict . forty - five count of wire fraud , money launder and tax evasion . explain to we , where be the wiggle room ? epstein I be not stupid . Mark commit a crime . he steal nine million dollar . that 's pretty indefensible . but this guy at adm , they steal hundred of million of dollar from innocent people all around the world . Mark show you that four white guy in suit get together in the middle of the day , that 's not a business meeting -- it 's a crime scene . and not only do he tell you about it , he get the evidence to prove it . when agent go under cover for the FBI , they get train for the stress of live a secret life . we hear all the time how easy it be for a train agent to crack . here 's Mark , a civilian with no training . but you guy just shove he in there . you tell he ' go for it , ' without any training to make sure he do not crack under pressure . it 's time as produced 94 , exterior roadside - day whitacre sit in he park car . he pull violently at he jacket sleeve , tear it . he adjust he hairpiece in the mirror . but instead of straighten it , he set it askew . exterior whitacre mansion driveway - continuous whitacre come fly up the driveway in he town car . he jump out and start limping toward the house in a frenzy . he 's a mess . whitacre Ginger ! interior whitacre mansion —- dine room - continuous Ginger rush through the house to the aid of she husband . whitacre be frantic . he barge through the door and crash across furniture rush toward he wife . whitacre they kidnap I ! they put in the car . they drive I around for twenty minute . they would not let I out ! ginger oh my gosh ... whitacre ow ! my leg ! whitacre collapse in Ginger 's arm , he last true follower . she look at he jacket , he bent glass -- examine he leg . ginger who do this ? who take you ? whitacre it 's obvious ! I mean , look at my jacket . this people mean business ! interior wand - tv studio , decatur - day whitacre and Ginger be interview by the local news anchor against the '' wand '' backdrop . whitacre be calm -- convincing . as produced 95 . whitacre I be abduct . I be throw into the back of a light brown dodge dynasty by two thug and drive around in a twenty - minute joy ride . basically I be tell forget everything that be not on tape and you can forget bring it up ina courtroom or for the media . local news anchor do the man identify themselves ? whitacre smile . whitacre I think we know who send they . ginger and they saw the lock off the door like mafia thug . whitacre yeah . on each side , so I be trap . local news anchor trapped . you could not roll down the window . whitacre no . local news anchor and where be the FBI in all this ? interior blue bird diner - simultaneous shepard watch the interview on a tv in the corner of the diner . ginger ( on tv ) what people have to realize be -- the FBI do the same thing . they lock my husband in a investigation and drive we family around for three year . shepard be stung by she word . interior law office epstein , zaideman - day Epstein bring a deal to Mark and Ginger . he believe he have save he client , but the whitacre feel differently . as produced 96 . whitacre Three to five year ? epstein yes . whitacre in jail ?! but , adm 's the bad guy . ginger everywhere we go , it 's the same thing . it 's just dump on Mark whitacre . epstein you have get to focus here . you steal nine million dollar . and then you lie about it . maybe in you head you be one of the good guy but to they you be a guy who steal a lot of money and lie about it . whitacre Ginger and I have be talk and we would like to file a lawsuit against Brian shepard and the United States government . Epstein throw up he hand . epstein oh my God ! for what , Mark ? whitacre he hit I with a briefcase . this be news to Ginger , but she believe it . Epstein do not . epstein Mark , come on . whitacre and he tell I to destroy tape that do not help the case . now why would Brian shepard do that ? maybe the question you should be ask yourself be '' what be Brian shepard hide ? '' epstein I be tell you . take the plea . whitacre thanks , Jim . but we be go to go a different way . as produced 97 . whitacre take Ginger 's hand and lead she off toward the land of crazy . she will follow willingly . there 's no place else for they to go . exterior whitacre’s parent 's house ( ohio ) - day mrs . evelyn whitacre ( 60 ) garden outside in the yard . mr. marion whitacre ( 60 ) -- a bald man with a moustache and large glass -- call out to she from the house . super : ravenna , oh mr . whitacre Evelyn , there 's a reporter on the phone from the Washington Post -- have some question about corky . evelyn a reporter ? she go inside . interior whitacre’s parent 's house ( ohio ) - continuous Evelyn pick up the extension in the kitchen of the middle - class home . evelyn this be Evelyn whitacre . what do you mean , adopt ? beat . evelyn well , as he mother I can assure you that my husband and I be not kill in a car accident and Mark be not adopt by wealthy people . she hang up . evelyn Mark 's be tell people that you and I be kill in a car accident and that he be adopt by rich people . what do you make of that ? mr . whitacre that 's kind of weird . he adjust he glass the way Mark always do . the resemblance be obvious . as produced 98. interior whitacre mansion - day Mark sit in he office stare at a letter from Doctor Miller . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I read this study in time magazine when I be at Cornell -- which be a ivy League school -- and there be a lot of people who never believe , include my mother , that I would make it to a ivy League school , maybe just Ginger who I meet in march Band in the 8th grade ... angle on the letter fragment of the content -- '' this be to inform you of you lithium level '' ... '' exacerbated by stress '' ... '' a strict drug regimen ... '' whitacre ( v.0 . ) ... and the study say that people have nice , sympathetic feeling about people who be adopt and treat they better . so I make up this adoption story -- and people do treat I better -- and when I get a job one of my professor tell the people at ralston purina that I be this amazing guy that have accomplish all of this in spite of be adopt -- whitacre take out a pair of scissor and go to work on the letter . cut and taping . he lay it out on he desk like a puzzle . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ..- and so it be really other people who spread the story , not I -- although I admit it be wrong to start it and everything , it be other people who keep it go . even the people at adm . my new lawyer see that . interior chamber DOJ - day bill WALKER , 50 , be whitacre 's new lawyer . he sit in a golf shirt and tennis shoe and lay out a new thesis for a squad of amaze DOJ prosecutor . as produced 99 . WALKER this all go back many year , before most of we be bear . it 's bigger than any of we , and it 's ongoing . I know you be skeptical , but I have see it . my client Mark whitacre have show it to I . maybe I be just a personal injury lawyer from taylorville - nowhereville - Illinois , but I tell you -- I know the identity of the master puppeteer . the DOJ lawyer try not to laugh . mary spear the who ? WALKER master puppeteer , and it 's not who you be think . Mark have tape -- tape the government do not want we to hear . tape that outline the action of Brian shepard , who hit Mark whitacre with a briefcase when Mark be cooperate with the government . Walker be in full rant . he pull out a letter . WALKER my client have a letter from he psychiatrist outline and confirm the cruelty perpetrate on he by agent shepard . a letter from he psychiatrist , clearly exonerate my client from all wrongdo . Walker slide the letter across the table to spear . the lawyer examine it . interior whitacre live room - dusk outside the window there 's gray snow on endless field of dirt and break corn stalk extend to the horizon . a empty swim pool and a for sale sign be in the yard . the stable across the road be empty . shepard sit with whitacre and Ginger . whitacre read from the letter . whitacre '' it be obvious that the FBI make some grand mistake in how they handle and treat you . '' as produced 100 . he look up . whitacre there 's a phrase of great interest , '' grand mistake , '' come from a doctor . he continue read . whitacre '' when one discuss suicide , this be a red flag . when one discuss how they will do it , then it be very , very serious ... shapard Mark ... whitacre .-. " I also feel that the FBI require you to do unethical conduct against adm be another blunder that force you into a bipolar situation . they should have know better and note a medical problem exist . from a medical point of view , this be attempt murder that the FBI do to you . from a legal point of view , you lawyer need to decide what to do and what the terminology be . i’11l support you in whatever you need . you and you family have be through too much turmoil work with the government . they should know better . '' ( look up ) that 's Doctor Miller ! shepard I read the letter , Mark . the problem with the letter be it 's a lie . Ginger look at she husband . whitacre what be you talk about , Brian ? it 's on he letterhead . it 's he signature . what be you talk about ? shepard the area code , Mark . in the letterhead ? the area code 847 . this letter be write in November 1995 . that area code do not exist then . as produced 101 . whitacre okay , but they announce that the change be come . I even remember that . people order they stationery early . shepard I think about that . so I ask the phone company . this be the press release announce the 847 area code ... he put the release on the table . shepard it 's date six day after you letter be write -- Miller could not have know about it . whitacre stare at it -- then look up . the machine in he head that reconstitute reality grind and seize . the lie start to double back on each other and fall apart in he mouth . the interior monologue and dialogue stumble over each other and converge . whitacre whitacre ( v.0o . ) ron henkoff from fortune ron henkoff from fortune call Doctor Miller and call Doctor Miller and Miller confirm the Miller confirm the letter ... letter ... shepard I talk to Doctor Miller , Mark . Ginger pick up the letter . she 's run out of thing to believe in . whitacre whitacre ( v.o. ) he can not talk to you ... that 's he can not talk to you ... that 's a violation of doctor patient a violation of doctor patient confidentiality ... confidentiality ... shepard Doctor patient confidentiality do not apply to forgeries . Ginger start to sob . whitacre try again . but , he 's the only one still listen . whitacre whitacre ( v.o. ) then why do fortune Magazine then why do fortune Magazine run the story ... run the story ... Ginger have have it , she break down . as produced 102 . ginger stop it , Mark . whitacre if you talk to henkoff ... ginger stop it , Mark . you have to stop do this to yourself . shepard why do you keep lie ? whitacre stop . he can not answer that . whitacre I do not know . I think maybe I should go back to the hospital . interior federal court , urbana , illinois whitacre look like shit . he sit with Walker in judge harold baker 's courtroom . super : october 1997 clerk case 97-2001 United States of America versus Mark whitacre . judge baker you have the right to make a statement if you wish ? whitacre nod and stand . whitacre thank you . I really appreciate the opportunity to get up here and say a few word . wow . what a ride . it 's be a long five year . a lot of memory . I want to apologize to a lot of people in this room ... angle on shepard and herndon they sit together in the back row . whitacre ... and to a lot of they who be not in this room for my action . I be on medication now , so I be see thing a lot more clearly . I realize I hurt a lot of people and I want to say I be so so sorry . ( more ) as produced 103 . whitacre ( cont would ) I greatly apologize and I accept responsibility for my action . that 's it . thank you . judge baker to observe that Mr. whitacre be not the usual felon be a gross understatement . he be well educate , have a loving wife and family , be well respected in the community . it be not inconceivable that in due course he could have be ceo of archer Daniels midland ... angle on whitacre he smile . but the judge be not do with he . judge baker ..- however , the court can find no clear connection between Mr. whitacre 's bipolar disorder and the 45 count of criminal misconduct he have be charge with -- just garden variety greed . it be very difficult to tell when Mr. whitacre be tell the truth ... interior federal correctional institution , sc - day whitacre be in he green prison jumpsuit -- bald -- he toupee , another deception , also go . he sit in front of a video camera in the beam of one light . a cameraman record he pardon appeal . super : october 2002 whitacre I do not think what happen be fair when you look at I compare to Mick and Terry . I mean , if you go and hold up you local grocery store you get maybe five year in prison . Mick and Terry hold up every grocery store in the world and they get three . so you tell I how it make sense that I get nine . I think that 's something you should consider , Mr. President , when review this request for pardon . I have also like to take this opportunity to apologize -- on behalf of myself and my wife Ginger -- to special agent Brian shepard . he never hit I with a briefcase or tell I to destroy tape . ( more ) as produced 104 . whitacre ( cont would ) the idea to sue he come from someone inside at adm . I should not have listen . I do not even remember who it be . when I be at adm , I live so many life , I be not sure who I be . today , I know more who I be and what I really want out of life . I have complete three post - graduate degree while in detention . a j.d. , which be , of course , a law degree and another advanced degree in the psychology of jury selection . I sleep better in prison than I have in year . my wife have forgiven I and believe that the ordeal with adm have bring we closer together in a marriage of over twenty year . I hope you will allow I to leave here , so that I can rejoin that life with my family and three kid , two of whom be adopt . especially when you consider that thanks in large part to my testimony the United States government have be able to collect over a billion dollar in price fix fine from big business . that 's it . thanks . he smile . the light go out . the cameraman start pack up the equipment . out of the shadow step Bob herndon . herndon good luck with the pardon , Mark . whitacre thanks for help I remember everything Bob . I sure appreciate it . I wish Brian could have come . herndon he 's still pretty angry . whitacre you tell he I be real sorry . can you do that ? herndon sure , Mark . whitacre the funny part be if I have never go undercover I would have never steal the eleven and a half million . it be my way out . my severance . what else could I do ? I have to write my own severance . as produced 105 . before herndon can respond a correctional officer approach . correctional officer work detail . whitacre see you , Bob . herndon do some math . herndon eleven and a half million ? whitacre what ? herndon I think it be nine and a half . whitacre what do I say ? herndon you say eleven and a half . you do know the people at adm think you be the mole , that you plant the virus that make it go away . whitacre the eleven and a half be with the interest . herndon Mark , be it nine and half or eleven and a half ? whitacre I do not know Bob , you tell I . he smile and turn he back on the agent and walk down the hall toward work detail . super : a investigation by the FBI , the IRS , and adm determine that all dispute fund be accounted for . super : whitacre ultimately admitted that the embezzlement idea be he alone . exterior adm - day whitacre stare at the adm plant through a chain link fence . super : adm pay over $ 500 million in civil settlement and government penaltie . they be currently under new management . as produced 106 . interior courtroom - day Mick andrea and Terry Wilson await they sentence . super : mick andreas and terry wilson serve three year in prison . they be released in 2002 . exterior edgefield prison ( south CAROLINA ) - day Ginger wait for she husband . super : edgefield , sc , december 2006 whitacre emerge in street clothes . he no longer wear a toupee . they embrace . interior whitacre 's new office , pensacola , florida - day whitacre stand behind the desk in he new office . super : MARK whitacre be currently coo and president of operation of cypress system , inc . he have not be granted a presidential pardon . the end