window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app56.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=2100;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.geocities.com/emruf4/thin.html " , " 20070820070323 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1187593403 " ) ; the thin man the thin man fade in : 1 effect shot : the shadow of the thin man ! the shadow , grotesquely thin , be cast by one strong light which reflect itself against a white cement wall . when we first see the shad - ow , it be stand upright , examine some - thing which it hold in its hand . now the shadow bend down and as it do so , camera pull back to reveal clyde wynant in he work - shop . he be a tall , thin man of about fifty - five , with white hair . he have a fine , sensi - tive face . he be a very successful inventor . a man who be capable of sudden fit of anger which he forget almost immediately , but which be quite terrifying while they last . just now he be utterly absorb in what he be do -- work on a delicately - wire part which have to do with a new form of combustion engine that he have invent . ( through the entire scene , from the first shadow effect , we hear the engine in operation as he be work over it . ) wynant be dress in overall , and possibly a long shade over he eye . the shop itself be in the base - ment of a small warehouse building , in the thir - tie between first Avenue and the East River , in New York . it be a long and narrow machine shop , full of interest and character in its mechanical layout . miniature of engine - model of various kind -- vat of molten lead -- car - bon rack -- welding instrument -- delicate light bulb , and such other apparatus as com - pose a combination shop and laboratory of this machine type . we hold a moment on wynant in the midst of a experiment over the combustion engine . then from the background a workman name Tom , also dress in overall , a man of about thirty - five , come in from a adjoin shop . he come toward wynant . Tom ( hesitant -- in a mild tone ) you daughter 's here , Mr. wynant . ( then , as wynant do not seem to hear he , he speak louder ) Mr. wynant ! wynant , startle out of he absorption , drop a delicate piece of metal ( or whatever fragile wiring or part he would be hold ) , and turn furiously on Tom . wynant have not you any more sense than to shout at I like that ! Tom I be sorry ... but ... wynant ( pick up the little piece -- its edge be spoiled ) two week work go for nothing . Tom I just want to tell you ... wynant ( interrupt ) I do not care what you want to tell I . you be through ! get you thing and get out ! the workman shrug he shoulder and start away . we pan wynant to a bench on which there be several acetylene torch . he be examine the part as he go , mutter and growl to himself . wynant it 's a good thing I be go away -- no peace -- no quiet . everybody interrupt I -- 2 panning shot -- door to shop . dorothy wynant come to the door and look in . Tom be see take off he overall , prepara - tory to leave . dorothy can we come in ? Tom look up as she speak to he . dorothy do you tell he ? Tom sorry , miss wynant . he do not give I a chance . dorothy come in , follow by andrew reade . she be a young girl of about twenty - one , spirite and high - tempere like she father . she have great natural beauty and distinction ... the crisp pro - duct of a strict finish school . she be dress in smart , simple street dress , with a fur coat over it . Andrew reade be a good-look boy fresh from college . he give a impression of reliability and common sense . camera pan with they as they go toward the workbench and wynant . dorothy dad ! wynant straighten up , and as he look and see that it be he daughter , he whole expression change . he forget he anger . he be delighted to see she . wynant why do not they tell I you be here ? dorothy kiss he . dorothy I be sorry to interrupt you work , but this be impor - tant . wynant look over at Andrew stand behind dorothy . Andrew smile at he . Andrew how be you ? wynant ( to dorothy - as he turn off the combustion engine ) another young man . Andrew it 's the same one . dorothy ( as if she be speak to a child who do not remember he lesson ) it 's be the same one for three month . wynant forgive I . ( he shake Andrew 's hand ) how be you ? dorothy take a good look at he , dad . ( wynant look at Andrew and smile ) now please try to remember he ... ' cause he 's go to be you son- in - law . wynant 's look change to one of serious interest . wynant ( surprised ) well ! Andrew ( to wynant -- feel that dorothy have speak too bluntly ) that be , if it 's all right with you . wynant and if it be not ? dorothy ( to the front ! ) he will still be you son-in- law ! wynant ( to Andrew , with humor ) you see how much we have to say . dorothy ( put she hand on she father 's arm ) dad , this be what I really want to ask you .... Andrew , know that she want to talk to she father alone , interrupt . Andrew mind if I look around ? wynant help yourself . ( he turn and call off ) oh , Tom , show this gentleman ... ( he stop as he see Tom be ready to leave ) 3 full shot -- including tom at door Tom be dress in he street suit , ready to go out . wynant stare at he in amazement . wynant where be you go ? Tom ( drily ) Home ! wynant Home ? Tom I be fire . wynant ( indignantly ) who fire you ? Tom you do . dorothy laugh , wynant shamefacedly join she . wynant oh , forget it -- forget it . here ... show this gentleman around ... Tom beam at wynant and start to take he coat and hat off as he speak to Andrew . Tom right this way , sir . Andrew follow he out . 4 close shot -- wynant and dorothy she pull she father down beside she on a bench , or possibly she climb up on the long work bench -- shove the acetylene torch to a distance -- and with she arm around he affec- tionately , continue : dorothy mother 's set she heart on a big church wedding . wynant ( parenthetically ) yes , she would . dorothy I hate all that fuss . but I will do it on one condition -- that you be there to give I away . wynant ( chuckle ) what would you mother say to that ? dorothy ( obstinately ) this be my wedding . wynant would not it be a little embarrassing ... all of we there ... you other and I and you stepfather ? dorothy ( she evidently have no love for she stepfather ) he can stay home . please , dad , will not you ? wynant ( doubtful ) if you think it will be all right . ( dorothy jump down from the bench happily . she kiss he , delighted to have win he over ) wynant wait a minute . when be it go to be ? I be leave town tonight . dorothy ( surprised ) where be you go ? wynant it 's a secret . I can not even tell you , my dear . I have get a important idea to work on . dorothy a new invention ? wynant yes . ( then significantly , and with measure tone ) and I do not want anybody to steal it from I . dorothy ( disappointed ) we be plan to be marry right after Christmas . wynant oh , I will be back before Christmas . dorothy ( brighten again ) it 's a promise ? wynant that 's one thing I will not forget . ( he look at he watch ) where 's macaulay ? I ought to be start . dorothy take he watch while he start to take off he overall . there be a odd chain attach to the watch , with link of gold , copper , and silver . as he slip off the overall , he speak to dorothy without look at she , try to keep a casual note in he voice . camera be panning during the scene . wynant how 's you brother ? dorothy ( she look at she father affectionately , sorry for he ) he 's all right . we either pan now on wynant , or go to a full shot -- as he go to a washstand to clean up a bit . the basin be on the side of the room . the washstand could , if de - sire , be in a small closet , and the fol - low dialogue be play back and forth during this business . wynant I would like to see he . why do not you bring he down ? dorothy ( dangle the watch chain ) you know how it be , dad . he 's sort of under mother 's thumb . wynant ( brush he hair a bit ) I know -- I know -- dorothy ( still monkey with the watch -- wind it ) you be not miss much . he 's cuckoo . wynant come back from the washstand -- camera moving up for a closeup on the two . wynant like all the rest of we . ( he lean closer to dorothy , speak humorously ) have this fellow ... ( he indicate Andrew with a nod of he head ) ... have he see the whole family ? dorothy ( nodd and smile ) and he still want to marry I ! wynant he 's a brave man . they look off as Andrew enter the shop again . 5 medium shot -- Andrew come over to they with add interest and admiration . Andrew ( to wynant ) I do not know you invent that smelting process . dorothy ( she hold the watch and chain toward Andrew ) look -- that be the first metal that come through . ( she indicate the link in the chain ) Andrew look interestedly at they as she dangle the chain before he . wynant be feel he shin bone . he give a little grunt of pain . dorothy turn sympathetically to he . dorothy poor dad , do that still bother you ? wynant only in bad weather . dorothy but it be not bad weather now . wynant better get home before it be . dorothy ( kissing wynant ) Goodbye , darling . do not you dare forget ... December 30th . wynant ( to Andrew , with a warm friendliness ) Goodbye , my boy . take care of dorothy . show she that there be such a thing as a happy marriage . Andrew ( sincerely ) I will do my best . dorothy and Andrew start out , say last goodby to wynant and Tom . we truck on they as they go out to : 6 stairway from basement to first floor - trucking . Andrew all settle ? ( dorothy nod ) Grand ! ( then , after a second ) why do you mother ever divorce he ? he 's swell . dorothy wel -l -l , it seem he have a secretary . Andrew ( understanding ) oh. ( he turn to dorothy , smile ) I will do my own type ! they have reach the top of the stair now and be in a long and narrow corridor , a service elevator at one end , and a door lead to the street at the other . dorothy ( look to street ... it be snow ) dad 's a good barometer ... ( she see a taxi draw up in front of the building ) Quick ! -- here 's a cab . they exit to street . 7 exterior STREET -- late afternoon -- blizzard it be a shabby , dreary street with warehouse and a desert brewery . there be a drive snow -storm . dorothy and Andrew come out as the cab be pull up at the curb , and with difficulty against the wind and drive sleet , they go forward ready to take it . the cab door open and a umbrella come out and be open , almost in they face . the umbrella completely cover the upper part of the man who be carry it . he turn to pay the driver . dorothy recognize macaulay and pull up the umbrella to speak to he under it . dorothy hello , there , Mr. macaulay . 8 closeup at curb -- the group macaulay raise the umbrella , surprised . he be a fussy little bald - head man of about forty , wear glass . he recognize dorothy and beam . macaulay how be you ? ( then as the snow pelt down , he start to hold he umbrella over she ) here . get under this . dorothy thanks ... we be take you cab . dorothy climb into the cab . Andy follow she . she snuggle close against he , cold . macaulay hand the driver a bill . macaulay ( to dorothy ) be you father still in there ? dorothy he 's wait for you . macaulay do he tell you where he be go ? dorothy he would not say . macaulay tch-tch-tch -- ( shutting the cab door ) well , goodbye , miss wynant . ( then speak to the driver as the driver be give he he change ) you would not drive slowly , so you do not get a tip . Driver ( grin ) that 's okay -- I take it ! he grin again and swing off , leave macaulay look down at the change in he hand , indignant . then we pan with he as he enter the building . 9 corridor from basement -- full shot . wynant come up the stairway and start for the service elevator as macaulay come in from outside . wynant be now in a business suit , but have no hat or overcoat on . he do not see macaulay . he pull open the door of the service elevator . macaulay start to run to - ward wynant with little fast step , he bulky umbrella hang from he arm . macaulay Mr. wynant ... Mr. wynant ! wynant turn , he hand hold open the elevator door . wynant hello , there ! come on up with I . macaulay follow wynant into the elevator , panting a little . 10 service elevator -- wynant and macaulay . wynant push the button and the elevator start slowly up . the elevator shaft be vis - ible through the wooden bar of the elevator . wynant stand look down at macaulay , amused and friendly . wynant do you get my money ? macaulay ( he pull a wallet out of he pocket and take out a sheaf of new bill . he talk plaintively as he do so ) I do wish you would tell I where you be go . wynant I be not tell anyone . macaulay ( protest ) but suppose some business come up ... wynant that 's just why I be go . macaulay start to count out the bill into wynant 's hand . macaulay one hundred ... two hundred ... three ... wynant ( take the sheaf of bill , impatient ) never mind . macaulay I wish you would count they . there 's a thousand dollar there . wynant ( stuff they carelessly in he pocket ) I trust you . macaulay be not there anything else I can do for you ? have you buy you ticket ? wynant no. macaulay ( there be a good-humored gleam in he eye . he see a chance of find out where wynant be go ) well , let I do that for you . wynant you might do that . get I a ticket for ... ( he stop suddenly as he look at macaulay and see the eager look in he eye -- realize that he be about to give himself away ) no , you do not ! they smile at each other . the elevator have reach the third floor by this time . it stop . wynant get out . 11 third floor corridor -- close at elevator . macaulay prepare to follow wynant , but wynant close the door of the elevator , leave he in it . wynant thanks , and goodbye . macaulay what will I do if something come up ? wynant settle it yourself . what have I get a lawyer for ? macaulay be Julia go with you ? wynant no. wynant reach through the bar of the elevator door and push the button inside . the elevator start go down during the follow dialogue . macaulay stand inside , bewilder and worried . macaulay but what if you need more money ? wynant I leave instruction with Julia . she will get it from you . Goodbye . wynant stride out of the scene . the elevator be beginning to disappear , carry macaulay . macaulay ( with he face upturn , he go on plead until he disappear out of sight -- he be call up ) you do not tell I a thing . I do not know where you be go . I do not know when you be come back . I do not know how to reach you if any business turn up ...! and the elevator go down out of sight , he voice trail as it do so . 12 wynant office -- trucking and panning on wynant -- as we pick he up lean down in front of a small safe , open it . he be talk to he bookkeeper , tanner , as he do so . tanner be a little man with a quick eye and a eager manner . he have he hat and coat on prepara - tory to leave for the day . he be close and lock some cabinet as the scene ensue . ( wynant 's office be of a solid rather old - fashioned type such as would be find in a building of this kind . it should , in fact , have window through which a display room give to machinery can be see ) wynant ( as he open the safe ) my daughter 's go to be marry , tanner . Nice young man . she just bring he . tanner listen preoccupy . he seem a little nervous about wynant look in the safe . tanner well , congratulation . wynant ( talk right on ) I be go to give she a wedding present . think I would better do it now , before I forget it . I can drop they on my way to ... ( by this time wynant have pull out a and be puzzle to see it empty ) that 's funny .... ( he lean down and hunt through the different papers in the safe . he do not find what he want . he turn to tanner ) where be that bond ? tanner bond , sir ? wynant I know I leave they there . tanner maybe miss Wolf have they . wynant ( still worried -- wonder why Julia take they ) maybe she have . tanner ( pick up a baggage check from the table ) you be forget the check for you suitcase . ( wynant take it from he preoccupy ) it 's at the Grand Central . wynant ( still preoccupy ) oh , yes -- yes -- that 's right -- ( he go out ) as soon as wynant go out , tanner look after he . he seem worried . he look apprehen - sively back toward the safe . dissolve to : 13 a radio in a new york apartment -- closeup . this be Julia Wolf 's apartment , a fashionable penthouse furnish in very new modernistic style , but we do not reveal it as we dissolve in . we be merely holding on the radio and a man -- joe morelli -- who sit in front of it , in he shirt sleeve . morelli be a tough look gangster . he have the radio on . he be look at a copy of vogue . a woman 's voice come over the scene from off stage . Julia 's Voice how do you want it ? morelli straight . ( turn a page of vogue -- hold it up to the light . through the transparent page , the corset show through under the evening gowns . ) do woman really wear they thing ? suddenly there be the sound of a key in the door . morelli look up quickly , he hand go to what we know be he gun , in he hip pocket -- as camera pull back rapidly to reveal : 14 full shot of the apartment -- a penthouse -- process glass . we hold for a moment as morelli rise noise - lessly and stand there , alert and ready for anyone . now camera swing rapidly over to the : 15 door -- close shot on wynant . as he enter , have use he own key . he still seem occupy , and do not see morelli as he come through . camera swing rapidly back to : 16 closeup on morelli -- before the radio . he stand there , quietly menace , he hand on he hip . morelli you be in the wrong place , mister . back to : 17 flash wynant -- closeup . wynant look off at he , surprised and angry . wynant ( sarcastically ) be I ? back to : 18 flash morelli -- closeup . as we pan he forward a few step . he give wynant a savage double -o . morelli what 's on you mind ? what do you want ? Julia 's Voice ( o.s . ) who be it , Joe ? morelli ( watch wynant ) that 's what I want to know . 19 medium shot -- the apartment . as Julia come into the room , with two drink in she hand . she be a woman of about thirty . she be in very elaborate loung pajamas , she hair be too well wave , she nail too red , she eyebrow too delicately arched . but she have the look of a hard businesswoman under - neath it all . she look disturb as she see it be wynant . Julia we be just have a little drink . wynant ( drily ) so I see . morelli look from one to the other . in wynant 's attitude of displease propietorship , he get he hint of who he be . he reach for he coat over the chair and start to put it on . Julia ( she eye still on wynant ) see you later , Joe . morelli look from one to the other , and then slowly get he hat and start out . morelli sorry . I do not know I be talk to the boy friend . s'long . he walk carelessly and arrogantly out of the door , slamm it after he . camera move in for a close shot of julia and wynant . she put the drink down . she try to ignore wynant 's very evident displeasure . wynant who 's that man ? Julia he 's not anybody . just a fellow I use to know . wynant I think you would give up that sort of friend . Julia this be the first time I have see he in year . I do not want he to think I be high-hatting he . wynant I do not like he . Julia ( move over to he , try to conciliate he ) do not worry . you will not see he again . ( she try to take wynant 's coat and hat ) what happen ? do you change you mind about go ? wynant no . I just come back for a second . I want to get that bond . Julia ( she control she fear under a air of ignorance ) what bond ? wynant the government bond . the one you take from the office safe . Julia ( smoothly lie ) oh yes . why , you tell I to sell they a long time ago . wynant ( in a level tone ) I would never tell you to sell that . I buy they for my daughter . Julia do not you remember .... wynant ( interrupt she ) now see here , Julia . you be count a little too much on my be absent-mind . you have be take a little here and there for some time , and I have not say anything about it . but this be fifty thousand dollar ! Julia ( fly into a temper to try to hide she guilt ) do you realize that you be accuse I of .... wynant no one else have the combination of that safe . you take they . what do you do with they ? Julia ( in a fury ) what if I do take they ? I be sick and tired of see you hand out thousand of dollar to that family of yours .... wynant ( cut in ) that 's my business . Julia ( go on without listen to he ) -- support that gang of loafer ! there 's not one of they that care a damn for you . a wife who throw you out the first time you foot slip . they would not raise a hand to help you . and I have give my whole life for you . if you kick off tomorrow , where would I be ? out in the gutter ! ( then defiantly ) sure I take that bond . who have a better right -- ? we hold a moment . there be a slight pause , then wynant quietly , and unheed all that she have say , start for the phone . we pan he over and hold as he pick up the phone ( but not the receiver as yet ) and speak off to Julia : wynant ( quietly ) I want that money right now , or I will hand you over to the police . Julia ( o.s. -- not believe that he will do it ) go ahead ! wynant ( lift phone from receiver now -- still quietly ) they will be pretty rough with you .... with you record . camera pull back , and Julia hurry into the scene . Julia ( contemptuous ) thats a fine thing to throw up to I after all I have be to you .... wynant ( in phone ) hello .... give I .... ( Julia grab the telephone from he , in a fury . she put it down . put the be - ceiver in place . they stand face each other ) well .... ? Julia ( in a surly tone ) I will give it back to you .... all I have get .... twenty - five thousand .... wynant ( he take she by the wrist , grip she hard , try to force the truth from she ) you be go to return every cent of it ! Julia ( flash again ) I can not ! I have not get it ! wynant ( quickly ) what do you do with the rest ? Julia I never have it . the telephone ring . wynant then someone be in with you . who be it ? -- who be it ? ( Julia make a move to answer the phone which ring again insistently ) I will answer that -- ( he pick up the phone ) hello ... hello ... CUT to : 20 telephone booth -- public pay station . a weasel - face little man , nunheim , be in the booth at the phone , but as he hear wynant 's voice say " hello " , he very quietly pull down the hook for the receiver and place the be - ceiver gently on it . he turn away . CUT back to : 21 julia' apartment -- close shot at phone again . wynant be click the receiver up and down , as he repeat several time , sharply : wynant hello ... hello ... hello ... hello .... then , evidently hearing the sound of the be - ceiver be replace , he impatiently put the telephone down and turn back to Julia . wynant you do not need to tell I . I have a pretty good idea . and with this we pan he as he put on he hat and start to walk out of the apartment -- with determination and a menace purpose in he face . Julia ( o.s . ) what be you go to do ? wynant turn at the door and smile - a terrify - ing smile - and walk out . the camera swing quickly back to julia . she look after he terrify as we CUT or dissolve to : 22 a STREET at night -- lighting effect . wynant stride down the street , he long , lean , narrow form casting a long shadow on the snowy pavement . the camera hold in a running shot on the shadow as it elongate still further , and finally disappear . fade out . ( note : we should get the above shadow effect through heavy snow , ( via reflection of street lamp ) . the idea and mood here of the shadow of the " thin man " as it stride rapidly through the night be purposely intend for a necessary effect . ) 23 fade in : closeup of a christmas wreath . the wreath be enormous , and under the conven - al greeting : " a merry christmas " , which be in silver across it , there be a current uncon - ventional greeting also in silver , which read : ( this slogan to come ) on sound track behind the shot a orchestra be play gaily . possibly a arrangement that lombardo would make on " jingle bell , jingle bell " . there be also the sound of gay chat - ter and jingle of many cocktail shaker . now camera pull back to reveal the bar of a speakeasy , or , to be more up to date , the bar of a biltmore or a waldorf astoria Hotel . it be against the glass of the bar that the Christmas wreath be first show . it be about three o'clock in the afternoon . almost all of the people sit on the high stool in front of the bar be woman . several bartender be shaking cocktail . the music , which , by the way , come from a adjoin tea dansant room , continue . there be a holiday air about the whole place . a sophistication and a gaiety belong to thirsty New York of the present moment . camera run down the line of the bar and hold at the end , where a bartender be place two cocktail on a tray hold by a waiter . we truck on the waiter as he take the tray into the adjoin room . the room be quite fill with the afternoon tango crowd , and several couple be danic on the floor . we hold as the waiter stop at a small table along the wall . dorothy and Andrew be seat there . dorothy be look very glum . Andrew ( put he hand on hers ) cheer up , darling . dorothy I be sorry . dorothy try to smile , but it 's a dreary attempt . the waiter put down the cock - tail and leave . Andrew ( hold up he glass ) here 's to we ! he drink he cocktail . dorothy take a sip of hers . Andrew go on talk , try to get she out of the doldrum . Andrew by this time next year , we will be two old marry people ... trimming the tree ... hang up the stock - ing for the child ... ( then as she look up ) ... well , the child , then . dorothy try to smile , but she be worried , and can not enter into he fun . she put she drink down . Andrew what 's the matter , darling ... not sweet enough ? dorothy ( listlessly ) it 's all right . ( note to van : if you want they to get up and join the dancer , it can be do at this point . after dorothy say , " it 's all right " , Andrew say , " come on , let 's dance . I have get to get you out of the dump somehow " -- and pull she to she foot . the follow scene continue now , as follow , in a panning shot of they dancing . ) Andrew ( lean forward -- serious now ) darling , you father 's all right . he will turn up in time . dorothy ( turn to he -- suddenly distraught ) but tonight be Christmas Eve ! Andrew he 's just forget . you know he forget everything . dorothy he 's never forget a promise to I . I be worried about he . I know something 's happen to he . she look off scene toward the bar . suddenly she attention be rivete on someone . Andrew what could happen to he , darling ? you must not worry .... ( then as he half rise , he continue ) what be it ? dorothy just a minute ... she leave the table -- she eye still fix eagerly on the man she have see . we truck and pan with her as she go forward to the bar . and as she come in , we see she be - act eagerly as she confront a good - look man of about thirty - five , tall , casual , and worldly wise , who be stand in front of the bar , he face reflect in the mirror . this be nick charle . Nick ( to the bartender ) another martini -- dorothy hello , there ! 24 closeup at the bar -- nick and dorothy Nick Charles turn to she . he smile at she . he have not the faintest idea who she be , but he 's not go to discourage such a pretty girl . Nick ( very cordially ) hello ! ( then over he shoulder to the bartender ) make it two ! ( then back to dorothy ) how be you ? dorothy realize that he have not any remem - brance of she . dorothy you know , we know each other . Nick ( heartily ) of course we do ! we have be friend for year . dorothy ( inspect he ) be not you Nick Charles ? Nick ( he face change . he realize that she do know he ) yes . dorothy you do not remember I ..... I be dorothy wynant . the bartender set the drink on the bar before Nick , who look at dorothy puzzle , try to realize that this be the child he use to know . Nick not that scrawny little ....? ( he put out he hand as if measure a little girl 's height ) dorothy ( smile ) yes . Nick how do you ever remember I ? dorothy ( intently ) I be fascinate with you .... a real live detec - tive .... you use to tell I the most wonderful storey . be they true ? Nick probably not . Andrew come up to they . dorothy turn to introduce he . dorothy Andy ... this be Nick Charles . he work on a case for father . Nick ( shaking hand with Andrew ) yes . some nut who want to kill he . ( then to dorothy ) how be you father ? dorothy that 's what I be go to ask you . he 's dis - appear ! Nick disappear ! Andrew ( to dorothy ) now do not say that -- he 's just off somewhere work - ing . dorothy ( to Nick ) I can not find he . I have try everything . I think you might know . Nick ( chuckle ) I do not know anything -- I have be in California for four year . what about he lawyer ? use to be a guy name Mac -- something . dorothy macaulay . Nick that 's it ... Herbert macaulay . dorothy I try he once - Nick why do not you try he again ? Andy ( digging in he pocket ) here 's a nickle . Andrew give she a nickle and she go off . now that she have go Andrew drop he pretense of minimize she father 's failure to appear . he step up close to Nick . Andrew she 's get I worry , too . Nick ( easily , as he reach for he cocktail ) ( note : during the entire play , Nick be always reach for a cocktail ! ) do not start worry about he . he 's a good guy , but screwy . Andrew ( impressed by what he have just hear ) why do that man want to kill he ? Nick Said he steal he invention . Andrew do you suppose ..... ? the bartender be place more drink in front of Nick . Nick ( to Andrew ) what ? Andrew ( decide he be silly to get so worried ) nothing . Nick you better take a drink . he hand he one of the cocktail . as they start to drink , a commotion be hear offscene ... a dog bark ... man 's voice raise in protestation ... and a a woman 's voice above it all . it be nora , Nick 's wife . nora 's Voice ( o.s. ) asta ! where be you go ? asta ! bartender , as well as Nick and Andrew , look off toward the commotion . CUT to : 25 entrance of the bar -- from the cloak room or corridor . nora charle , Nick 's wife , be come through . she be a woman of about twenty - six ... a tre- mendously vital person , interested in every - body and everything , in contrast to Nick 's apparent indifference to anything except when he be go to get he next drink . there be a warm understanding relationship between they . they be really crazy about each other , but undemonstrative and humorous in they compan - ionship . they be tolerant , easy - go , take drink for drink , and battle they way to - gether with a dry humor . just now nora have be shopping . her arm be full of small package . her hat be askew . she be pull along bodily by a small white sealingham on a leash . a doorman and a hat -check clerk be follow she , protest at she bring the dog into this fashionable hotel . the dog be exitedly bark . doorman Madame , you can not bring that dog in here ! nora I be not bring he . he 's bring I ! ( then to the dog ) asta ! asta ! but the dog pay no attention . he pull she like a streak out of the scene toward the bar . nora 's package be leave in a trail behind she as she stumble after he . the attendant follow after she , pick up the parcel and protest vehemently . attendant but Madame ... dog be not allow .... it be not only you dog ... but if we start .... Madame , you drop you package .... etc . 26 bar -- close shot as asta , the dog , rush in , still with nora on the other end of the leash . the dog make a bee-line for Nick , pull away and -- ker - plunk ! -- he leap clear up into Nick 's arm . he be bark with delight . he seem to have a particular desire to lick Nick 's nose . nora , more dishevel than ever and breathless , enter , panting . she realize that this be asta 's objective . nora so it 's you he be after ! Nick hello , baby . nora ( indicate the dog ) he 's drag I into every gin mill on the block . Nick ( in explanation ) I have he out this morning . nora I think so . he even try to drag I into the gentleman 's -- Nick ( stop she to introduce Andrew ) oh , this be Andy -- nora and Andy smile at each other . nora how're you , Andy ? ( hasten to add ) I do not usually look this way , but I have be Christmas shopping . one of the attendant who follow nora come up . he hand nora several of she package . attendant Madame , I be afraid you will have to .... Nick ( interrupt ) it 's all right , Joe . it 's my dog ... ( and as a afterthought , wave he hand at nora ) .... and my wife . nora you might have mention I first . Nick ( to Joe ) he 's well - train . he will behave himself . nora as long as there be not a fire hydrant . what I have go through -- attendant he might bite someone . Nick he 's all right . ( he put asta down on the floor . he speak to the dog ) now lie down . ( asta look up at he , wag he tail , but make no move to obey he . Nick speak with more authority ) lie down ! ( still asta look fondly up at he , with - out obey ) well then , stand up ! ( then triumphantly to Joe ) see ? the attendant laugh and move off . dorothy come toward they from the telephone booth . she seem a little more cheerful . Andrew watch she anxiously . Andrew any luck ? dorothy he 's just around the corner . Nick you father ? dorothy no . the lawyer -- I be go to see he . Nick realize that dorothy and he wife have not meet . he make the introduction very casually , wave he hand to indicate nora . Nick oh , my wife -- dorothy wynant . the two woman smile in acknowledgment . nora look at dorothy with warm interest . dorothy how do you do ? I be sorry we have to rush . Nick we be at the normandie for a couple of week . why do not you drop around ? dorothy thanks . we will . Goodbye . Andrew Goodbye . the two go quickly off . nora look after they . nora pretty girl . Nick if you like them like that . nora ( grin at he ) you get type ? Nick only you , darling ... lanky brunettes with wick jaw . nora who be she ? Nick I be hope I would not have to tell you . dorothy be really my daughter . you see , it be spring in Venice , and I be so young . I do not know what I be do . we be all like that on my father 's side . nora by the way , how be you father 's side ? Nick much better , thanks . nora how many drink have you have ? Nick six martinis . nora ( to the waiter , order ) six martinis . ( then to Nick ) you be not go to have anything on I . as she hug the bar , she foot on the rail , in imitation of Nick dissolve to : 27 closeup of a ice bag . Nick 's hand be screwing the cover on the ice bag . camera pull back to reveal he in the bathroom of he suite at the normandie . he have just fill the bag from the wash basin which be full of ice . the camera truck with he as he go into the bedroom and over to the bed . 28 close up of asta . he be sit on the foot of the bed , he head cocked , look anxiously at nora at the other side of the bed . 29 close shot - at bed . nora be lie on the bed , dress as we see she in the last scene , except for she hat . Nick come in and put the ice bag on she head . nora open she eye and speak feebly to Nick . nora what hit I ? Nick ( grin at she ) that last martini . asta , delighted that nora be all right , rush to she , and lick she face . nora ( struggle to get up ) I can not lie here . I have get to get up and trim that darn Christmas tree . Nick take it easy . the doorbell of the apartment ring . Nick start into the next room . nora look off perturb . she do not feel up to visitor . nora who 's that ? Nick ( as he walk out ) Santa Claus . CUT to : 30 live room of suite - ( skyline through window ) in one corner of the live room be a enor - mous Christmas tree , without any ornament on it . the room be a mass of box and excelsior . Nick come from the bedroom and open the outer room . macaulay stand outside , he eye blink behind they glass , in friendly wel- come . camera move up for close shot on the two . macaulay how be you ? Nick ( he be surprised but recognize he after a second and be cordial ) hello , macaulay . come in . macaulay ( as he come in ) dorothy tell I you be here . I be go to telephone but .... Nick that 's all right . what be you drink ? we pan Nick over to a table where there be bottle of scotch and ice and syphon of seltzer . macaulay nothing , thank you . nothing . ( Nick pour himself a drink as macaulay sit down ) I want to see you ... what 's mimi up to , Charles ? Nick mimi ? ( for a minute he do not realize who mimi be ) ... oh , dorothy 's mother . do she have to be up to something ? macaulay she usually be . try one way or another to get money out of wynant . I want to find out if you be er - er - ( he hint for the word ) -- sleuthing for she . Nick ( dryly ) I have not be a detective for four year . macaulay you do not say -- Nick ( press syphon of seltzer ) my wife 's father die and leave she a lumber mill and a narrow guage railroad and a couple of other thing . and I be look after they . macaulay I see . I see . Nick ( come over to he ) what 's all the fuss about ? be he in hide ? macaulay you know as much about it as I do . I have not see he in three month . Nick no word at all ? macaulay he send word through Julia Wolf when he want money ... I give it to she and she give it to he . the telephone ring . Nick go over to it , speak to macaulay as he go . Nick so that 's still on ? ( he pick up the phone ) nora 's Voice ( o.s. ) ( she have answer the phone in the next room ) hello .... just a minute . Nick , who have listen on the phone , hold it out toward macaulay . Nick it 's for you . ( macaulay get up and start for the phone ) you office . macaulay take the telephone . nora appear in the doorway to the bedroom . she have a box of Christmas tree ornament in she hand . the ice bag be tie on she head , slightly askew . she be follow by asta . nora be there a Mr. macaulay in the house ? ( she look over and see macaulay at the phone ) oh , it 's you . macaulay ( into the telephone ) yes ? then he turn to nora . in he desire to be polite , he almost miss both the intro - duction to nora , and he telephone call . Nick my wife . macaulay ( to nora ) how do you do ? ( he turn hastily back to the telephone . nora walk out of the scene , toward the Xmas tree ) what do you say ?.... he be ?.... where be he ? very well . ( he hang up and turn to Nick ) he 's back in town .... ( then as Nick look mystify , he add :) wynant . thank heaven . he 's wait for I now . ( then realize that nora do not know what he be talk about ) forgive I , Mrs. Charles ... but I have be so upset . it 's no joke work for a man like that . I must be off . ( he start for the door , which Nick open for he ) Goodbye .... goodbye , Nick s'long . macaulay shut the door after he only to open it again . macaulay ( stick he head in ) merry Christmas ! he shut the door again . during the above , nora have start to decorate the tree . she be stand on a chair , a couple of Xmas ornament in she hand , reach - ing toward the top or the tree . nora if anyone say " merry Christmas " once more , I will kill them . Nick start to the telephone directory . Nick I ím go to telephone that poor kid . ( he search in the directory for a number ) at least she will be glad to know he 's alive . asta be sniff around the bottom of the tree . 31 close shot of nora . she have two different ornament in she hand , try to decide which to put on the top of the tree . nora shall I use this .... or this ? ( she look down at asta , who be out of sight . she speak sharply ) asta ! asta ! ( she return to she trimming , mutter indignantly ) we nice Christmas tree . 32 close shot of nick - phone . he have dial he number . he speak into the telephone . Nick May I speak to dorothy ---- CUT to : 33 medium shot - jorgensen apartment . mimi jorgensen , formerly Mrs. clyde wynant , be at the phone . she be a slightly fade , but still very pretty woman of about forty - one or two . she be utterly feminine , with bright , little way of talk and move . she distrust all woman , even she daughter dorothy , and treat all man with a flirtatious conde - cension , as if they be child . the only thing she really have any emotion about be she present husband , who she adore . she be terrify that he will leave she , know , although she will not admit it , that he marry she for she money . the live room of she expensive apartment reflect she personality . it be a modernize victorian , full or alabaster lamp , curve soft chair and gleam satin . mimi be answer the telephone . dorothy stand in the doorway , listen to she mother as she take off she hat and coat . she be dress in the same clothes in which we see she at the hotel . mimi ( as she hear that it be Nick Charles , she voice take on a flirtatious note ) how be you ?.... oh , I be Mrs. jorgensen now .... ( she see dorothy out of the corner of she eye , but pretend that she do not know she be there ) no , she be not here . ( dorothy move toward the telephone ) be it about she father ? well , can I take the message ? dorothy ( take the phone from she mother ) give it to I . mimi ( into the phone , pretend surprise ) oh , here she be . reluctantly she give the phone to dorothy . she stand close to dorothy , try to hear the conversation . back to : 34 closeup nick - phone . Nick I just want to relieve you mind . you father 's alive and all right . back to : 35 jorgensen be - close at phone . dorothy ( she face light up with relief ) oh , thank heaven . mimi ( whisper to dorothy ) what be it ? have he find he ? dorothy ( into the phone , not pay attention to she mother ) do you know where he 's live ? ( for a moment she can not help but feel hurt ) oh .... ( then she realize how selfish she feel be ) well , at least I be glad he 's all right . thank you for call . Goodbye . she hang up . mimi eagerly question she , mimi what be it ? dorothy nothing . Gilbert come into the room . he be a boy of about seventeen or eighteen . he wear spectacle . he be slight in build . the two woman do not notice he . mimi that be not true . it be about you father . where be he ? dorothy he 's all right . be not that enough ? mimi no . dorothy you just want money -- and you have not any right to any more . he make a big settlement on you . mimi that 's go long ago . I have get to see he . where be he ? dorothy I will not have you hound he any more for money . Gilbert ( to he mother ) I will tell you . dorothy ( turn on he acccusingly ) you have be listen again on that extension . Gilbert ( very simply ) of course . what 's a extension for ? mimi ( to Gilbert , who be evidently she favorite of the two child ) what be it , Gilbert ? tell mother ! what do he say ? Gilbert he say that father 's in town . he 's be see Julia right along . mimi ( bitterly ) that woman ! Gilbert she could tell you where father be . dorothy mother .... you could not do that . you could not go to she . mimi I do not say I would . but we have get to have money . dorothy do it ever occur to you that Chris might work ? mimi ( look fearfully off scene ) shush ! camera swing rapidly over to : 36 back of a sofa big closeup from the sofa a man rise with languid dignity . it be Chris jorgensen . he be young than mimi . a very handsome man , but one whom you could know at first sight that you could not trust . mimi 's Voice ( o.s. ) Chris ! Chris jorgensen pay no attention to mimi . he throw dorothy a deadly glance and walk with hurt dignity out of the room , carry the newspaper he have be read . camera pull back for the group again : 37 dorothy , mimi and gilbert mimi look after jorgensen , fearfully . she turn to dorothy . mimi ( sharply ) you have hurt he feeling ! she hurry out of the room after jorgensen . dorothy look after they , disgust . Gilbert watch dorothy with detach , scientific interest . Gilbert you know , you have a oedipus complex and you will not admit it . dorothy ( this be the last straw ) oh , please , Gilbert ! she start out of the room but Gilbert con - tinue to talk to she , although she be not pay any attention . Gilbert the trouble with you be that you will not face fact . I know I have a mother fixation ... but it 's slight ...... it have not yet reach the point of ... dorothy oh stop it ! stop it ! dorothy walk out . Gilbert look after she , bewilder by she lack or scientific interest . 38 jorgensen' bedroom - medium jorgensen be stand in front of the mirror , adjust he tie . mimi come in , very much perturb . she go to he affectionately . jorgensen realize he power over she and use it . mimi do not mind what she say , Chris . jorgensen how can I help but mind ? I be constantly humiliat - ed ... just because I have not money . mimi ( eagerly ) I will get some . jorgensen you have say that for week . mimi I know . jorgensen why do not you go to see Julia ? she handle he money . mimi ( protest ) Chris ! jorgensen all right . all right . mimi I could not go near that woman . jorgensen I say all right ! he pick up he hat and coat from a chair . mimi watch he anxiously . mimi what be you go to do ? jorgensen ( easily ) just what I say I would do . mimi ( in a panic , she plead ) you would not do that ... you would not ! jorgensen ( coldly - quietly ) would not i. just watch I . mimi ( almost cry ) Chris -- Chris -- ! but jorgensen walk out . 39 outside jorgensen' door - hall . jorgensen stride out of the door and down the hall . mimi come to the door . mimi Chris ! but Chris pay no attention . mimi , distrait , go back into he room . as she close the door , we see Gilbert come out from behind the open door , where he have be listen . 40 jorgensen' room again . mimi stand irresolute for a minute , then go to the telephone and dial a number . mimi ( on telephone ) miss wolfe ? well this be Mrs. jorgensen ... I wonder if I may see you ? CUT to : 41 julia' apartment - closeup at phone Julia be evidently very much startle by Mrs. jorgensen 's call she . Julia ( hesitatingly ) why yes .... yes ..... she put down the telephone , think hard , worried by the idea or Mrs. jorgensen 's impend - ing visit . suddenly she make up she mind and hastily dial a number . back to : 42 mimi' live room mimi get up from the telephone . there be a look of grim determination on she face . dissolve to : 43 desk of julia wolfe's apartment house . there be a clerk , stand behind the desk , and a telephone operator at a small switchboard . mimi be stand in front of the desk . mimi what be miss wolfe 's apartment number ? clerk nine A. mimi turn and walk across the lobby . the camera truck with she . as she go toward the elevator , Albert nunheim be see come down the last step of the stair , out of she sight . he be a weasel - face , little man with a long nose , weak mouth , and a shifty look in he eye . the clerk 's voice come over the SOUND track call after mimi . clerk 's Voice ( o.s . ) who shall I say ? 44 closeup of nunheim on stair . mimi 's Voice ( o.s. ) ( shortly ) miss Wolf expect I . as mimi say " miss wolfe " , nunheim stiffen and pull back against the wall . he wait there until he hear the sound of the elevator door close . he be evidently terrify by something that he have see . he wait to be sure that mimi have go up in the elevator and then , with a furtive glance at the desk , camera pull back and pan with he as he sneak out and down the stair on the other side of the elevator shaft lead down to the basement . 45 ninth floor of the apartment house - trucking shot . mimi get out of the elevator and go to the door of the apartment 9 - a across the hall . she ring the doorbell . there be no response . she ring again , a lock or grim determination on she face . 46 ext . of basement entrance of apt . house nunheim come out of the entrance , look furtively up and down the street . he take out a cigarette , light it , and then , with a pretense of be casual , walk off down the street . back to : 47 ext . of door of apt . 9 - a get no response to she ringing , mimi be knock on the door . she be furious with Julia for not let she in . still get no answer , she try the door . she be sur - prise to find it be open . she look up and down the hall and then decide to investigate . she walk in . 48 live room of julia' apt . - trucking and panning ; mimi come into the room . she shut the door slowly behind she . she look curiously around the room , interested to see what kind of a place she ex-husband have furnish for Julia . see no one in the room , she go through it toward the bedroom . as she get to the door and look curiously in , she stiffen and scream . 49 julia' bedroom - from mimi' angle on the floor of the ornate bedroom , Julia wolfe 's dead body lie , stretch out . she have be shot . she be dress as she be when she answer mimi 's telephone call . back to : 50 reverse closeup - mimi in doorway for a minute , mimi stand in the doorway look - ing down at the body , roote to the spot with horror . then she look around for the tele - phone , see it beside the bed , and rush to it , camera panning . mimi ( telephon ) Quick ! Quick ! send somebody up here right away . something terrible have happen ! she replace the receiver . for a second , she stand still , she back to the body . but she curiosity finally overcome she terror , and she go slowly back toward the body . she stand look down at Julia , a million speculation and suspicion go through she mind . suddenly she eye fasten on something in the dead woman 's outflung hand . her eye widen with horror . she make up she mind to take the object , which we do not see . look - ing around quickly to see if no one have come in , she reach down , take it from the girl 's hand , and stuff it in she hand bag . she straighten up , camera panning quickly up for : 51 closeup of mimi . she stand clutching she bag , she eye wide with horror at the realization of what that piece of evidence mean . she be try to formulate a plan of action as we : slide over to : 52 homicide bureau - police headquarters . several officer be sit around talk . 1st Officer the way this dame get by with thing make I sick . the telephone ring . another officer answer the telephone . 2nd Officer yeah ? -- Julia wolfe , 145 West 55 . ( as he hear the address he write it down ) 1st Officer ( sit up ) that 's I . 2nd Officer ( he replace the be - ceiver and turn to the other officer ) here you be . he give the officer the paper . 1st Officer what be it ? 2nd Officer a dame -- murder . 1st Officer that 's more like it . the 1st officer go quickly out . slide over to : 53 macaulay' law office - close shot . macaulay be sit at a flat desk , with some papers in front of he . a stenographer be tak - ing dictation . the inter-office communicator buzze . macaulay lean over pull the switch and listen . a girl 's voice come over the communicator . girl 's Voice ( o.s. ) telephone , Mr. macaulay . macaulay ( frown in annoyance at the interrupt - tion ) who be it ? girl 's Voice ( o.s . ) the police . with a puzzle frown , macaulay pick up the phone . macaulay hello ... ( then with a awed surprise ) murdered ! ... yes , yes , I will be right over . he get up . slide over to : 54 speakeasy - close shot of nunheim and marian . they be in a booth at a speakeasy . marian be a big -bon , full - flesh , red-haire will - man of about twenty - eight , handsome in a rather brutal , sloppy way . nunheim have a satisfied smile on he face . marian where you be ? a waiter come and put two beer in front of they . he stand wait to be pay . nunheim out make some money . marian ( hold out she hand ) let 's see it . nunheim I have not get it yet . marian give he a dirty look and take a quarter out of she purse and throw it down to pay the waiter for the beer . slide over to : 55 hall - outside julia' apartment two old wispy clean woman in apron with pass key on thin belt be stand talk with they head together outside of Julia 's apartment . 1st Cleaning woman ( almost whisper ) what be you goin ' to tell them ? 2nd Cleaning woman ( wiping she forehead with a dust cloth ) I guess you get to tell them everything . 1st Cleaning woman do you think Mr. wynant ....? 2nd Cleaning woman all I know 's they have a awful fight a while ago . a police officer come to the door of the apartment . he beckon to they . Police Officer all right , girl . without realize the humor of the " girl " , they start in . slide over to : 56 studsy cabaret - full shot . it be in a flashy Broadway cabaret . on the dance floor about ten girl in practice clothes be rehearse a new routine . a man be mechanically play the piano for they . several waiter be decorate the room with green and Christmas wreath . it be late afternoon , and the place have no customer in it . the chair be pile on the table . morelli be sit at a table . the waiter be place a bottle of scotch and a glass before he . studsy come up to the table . studsy be a powerfully build man of about fifty who look forty . he be a little fat now , but not soft . morelli look up as he come to the table . camera move up for close shot on they . morelli how'yer , studsy . he start to pour a drink . studsy ( look at morelli very closely ) dide you know Julia wolfe ? morelli ( a guard tone in he voice ) yeah . studsy somebody just bump she off I think you would like to know . studsy walk away . morelli slowly drink he liquor , he eye fix on space , think - ing hard . slide over to : 57 julia' bedroom again - medium shot . the Medical examiner , Dr. Walton , be lean over Julia 's body . a officer be sit in front of Julia 's desk , look through she papers and letter and throw they to one side as he read they . John Guild , a burly , laconic , special investigator be in charge of the investigation . he be question macaulay , who be sit face he . Guild when be the last time you give she money for wynant ? macaulay yesterday . I give she a thousand dollar . Guild ( call over he shoulder to the other officer at the desk ) see any sign of it , Bill ? Bill nope . macaulay ( helpfully ) perhaps it be a robbery . Guild aand she with that sparkler on she hand , and thirty dollar in she purse ? look to I like we friend wynant come to collect and run into a little trouble . Bill they say downstairs they have not see he in three month . Guild ( sarcastically ) there 's a lot of thing they do not see in this place . ( he turn back to macaulay ) and you say you have not see he or hear from he in that time ? macaulay ( meticulously honest ) I say he have not write I . Guild oh , then you do hear from he ? macaulay ( he hesitates to tell something which seem to incriminate wynant ) well .... Guild ( impatiently ) well , what ? macaulay he telephone I today . Guild ( lean forward eagerly ) he do ! macaulay I be not in . my secretary take the message . he leave word for I to meet he at the Plaza . Guild when be that ? macaulay about three . Guild do you go ? macaulay yes . but he do not show up . a officer come from the live room . Officer ( to Guild ) his house and he shop be close . and he be not at any hotel . Guild ( sarcastically ) you be not go to stop at that , be you ? Officer ( sullenly ) no , sir . the officer go out again . Guild turn back to macaulay . macaulay ( eagerly defend wynant ) I know he will turn up as soon as he see this in the papers . you can not think he have anything to do with it , Mr. Guild . he be not the kind of man that .... Guild ( interrupt ) do you know what they fight about that night he go away ? macaulay ( frown as he realize that this sound bad ) I do not know they have a fight . Guild ( dismiss macaulay ) well , thanks . we will call you when we need you again . macaulay get up to go . 58 closeup - medical examiner he be lean over Julia 's body . Medical examiner Mr. Guild , here 's something very interesting ... as Guild walk into the shot , we : dissolve to : 59 medium shot - jorgensen' live room . mimi be in the midst of tell she experience . Gilbert , dorothy and jorgensen be listen . mimi still have she hat and coat on . she have just come in . she be seat , on the edge of she chair , enjoy the recital . jorgensen stand at the window . mimi ---- and there she be lie dead . the police say she would probably be kill about ten minute before I get there . jorgensen ( turn around - speak with quiet anger ) I think you say you be not go there . mimi ( flustered ) why , you say ... jorgensen ( sharply interrupt ) never mind . Gilbert ( who be tremendously interested ) do they find any clue ... a gun or fingerprint or anything ? mimi ( very glibly - remember what she have in she purse ) not a thing . Gilbert be there much blood ? dorothy ( distress ) do not . it 's horrible . mimi nonsense ! she get at she deserve . Gilbert ( to mimi , not accusingly , but with scientific detach interest ) do you kill she ? mimi Gilbert ! Gilbert why not ? you have a perfectly good motive . mimi I hope you will not talk that way to the police when they come here . 60 closeup of jorgensen . there be a guard look of terror in he eye . jorgensen the police . I think you say they would finish with you . mimi 's voice ( o.s . ) they say they would finish for the present . the think that the police might come to the apartment increase he fear . 61 medium shot including mimi , dorothy and gilbert . mimi be watch jorgensen anxiously . Gilbert well , I have get my alibi . I be at the Public Library . ( to jorgensen ) where be you ? mimi ( hastily , with she eye still on jorgensen ) Children , will you go into the next room ? I want to talk to Chris alone . at that minute the front door bell ring . mimi look toward the door , wonder who it be . Gilbert ( go out to answer the ring ) I will go . jorgensen I will be in my room . he go quickly out . 62 hallway outside jorgensen apartment . Guild and Bill be stand outside the door of the jorgensen 's apartment . Gilbert open the door of the apartment . Guild be Mrs. jorgensen in ? Gilbert ( delighted to see then ) yes , come right in ! the two officer go in and the door close behind they . from a door beyond , the service door of the apartment , jorgensen come out , put on he hat and coat as he come . he do not wait for the elevator but start down the stair . 63 live room - jorgensen' apartment Guild be seat uncomfortably on one of mimi 's delicate chair , opposite mimi . Gilbert be stand , listen eagerly . dorothy sit nearby , she mind deeply occupy . mimi be a little frighten , but she hide it under a pretense of want to do all she can to help . dorothy sit listen . Guild ( as scene pick up ) there be a few thing we want to check up on . mimi I see . Guild you say you be in the room with the body from the time you discover it ' till we come ? mimi why yes . Guild do you see anything in miss wolfe 's hand ? mimi no. Guild be you sure you do not leave the room ... that one of the bellhop or maid might not have be in there alone ? mimi ( grab at the open he have give she ) I do not think so . of course I be terribly upset ... I hardly know what I be do . Guild the Medical examiner seem to think that the body be touch . he say it look as if the girl 's hand have be force open after she be kill .... 64 closeup of dorothy she be listen intently . Guild 's Voice ( o.s. continue ) and we just find out she have a thousand dollar the night before . dorothy look toward she mother , she eye wide with horror . mimi 's Voice ( o.s. ) I be sorry I can not help you . back to : 65 medium shot of group Guild rise and start for the door . Bill turn to follow he . Guild that 's all right . ( slight pause -- his eye swiftly scrutinize the group ) well , we will be go . mimi ( tonelessly ) Goodbye . Guild ( dryly ) Goodbye . Guild and the officer go out . 66 hallway outside jorgensen apartment Guild and Bill come out , follow by Gilbert . Guild go to the elevator and ring the bell . Gilbert could I go down and see the body ? I have never see a dead body . Guild ( for a minute he be curious , think there may be some reason ) why do you want to ? Gilbert ( very serious ) I have be study psychopathic criminology . I have a theory . perhaps this as the work of a sadist or a paranoiac . if I see it , I might be able to tell . the elevator come up . Guild ( pretend to be as serious as Gilbert ) that 's a good idea . but do not you bother to come down . we will bring the body right up here . ( he get into the elevator ) come on , Bill . they leave Gilbert , uncertain whether he be be kidd or whether they mean it . 67 mimi be bedroom - panning shot the door be close behind she . she go to a small wall safe and open it . then she open she bag and be about to put the thing she take from Julia 's hand wrap in a handkerchief , into the safe , when she be startle by dorothy 's voice . dorothy 's Voice ( o.s . ) what have you get there ? mimi ( she turn in the direction of dorothy 's voice ) none of you business . dorothy come up to she mother and speak accusingly . dorothy you take that money from Julia 's hand . mimi I do not . dorothy then what be you hide ? mimi ( with malicious relish ) it 's a piece of evidence that 's worth a great deal more than that . dorothy ( with bitter contempt for she other ) you hand that over to the police . mimi I will do nothing of the sort . dorothy all right , then . I will tell they . mimi ( very sure of she ground ) I do not think you will . it 's you father 's . dorothy ( shocked ) I do not believe it ! you be lie ! mimi ( viciously pleased at break dorothy 's faith in she father ) there ! she hold out the break end of the watch chain that we see wynant carry , wrap in a handkerchief which be spot with blood . dorothy look at it , and recognize it with horror . dorothy ( cover she face ) oh ! mimi ( triumphantly ) now do you believe I ! fast dissolve to : 68 live room - nick's apartment . it be eight o'clock the same night ... about two hour later . there be a party in full swing . it be a odd assortment of people . there be a police cap - tain there , a reminder of Nick 's old life . a little prizefight manager with a big fighter in tow . quinn , a dissipate look man of about thirty - five , and he wife , a rather fade woman of about thirty - two , very jealous of friend husband . quinn be a broker , and the only one in evening clothes . then there be Foster , a big fat man , who sit near the radio , a glass in he hand . with every sip , he grow more sentimental , as he lis - ten to the program of Christmas carol that be come over the radio . there be a improvise bar with everything in the way of liquor and necessary accompaniment on it . Nick be move among the people , see that they be serve . Nick go over to Mrs. quinn , give she one of the drink he be carry . Mrs. quinn be look around rather fearfully at the curious assortment of people in the room . Nick ( give she a drink ) how be you do ? Mrs. quinn ( look around disapprovingly ) who be they , Nick ? Nick ( easily ) all my old friend . he smile and pass on to another group . among they be a very rough look man with a batter face . he turn to grin at Nick show a mouth with several tooth miss . the man hey , Nick . I think you wife 's great . Nick thanks . I want you to see she ... and I want she to see you . Nick go on to speak to the Police Captain who be stand talk to a very distin- guish look woman , in evening clothes . Police Captain ( to Nick ) it 's like old time , Nick . remember the fun we use to have when we be both flat break ? Nick do I ! Police Captain ( with a sentimental sigh ) that be the good old day . Nick do not kid yourself . this be the good old day . Nick go on he way to another group . the camera pan over to nora at the door . she open it to admit face peppler . he be a tough -look ex-convict . he look eagerly around the room . peppler Nick Charles here ? nora yes. ( call Nick ) Nick ! peppler you he wife ? nora yes . peppler ( give she a approve pat on the posterior ) he 's a good guy . ( he eye be eagerly search the room for Nick ) he send I up the river once . ( he see Nick come toward he , and with the great good will and enthusiasm , he greet he ) hey , Nick ! Nick hello , face ! peppler it 's a long time I do not see you . Nick a long time . peppler well , I need the rest . nora ( to peppler - indicate Nick ) be he a good detective ? peppler I would not know . that time he catch I be a accident . I lead with my right . Nick ( laugh ) come on . have a drink . he take peppler by the arm out of the scene as we pan nora to the telephone . she pick up the receiver , she eye on the odd mixture of people assemble . nora ( in phone - philosophically ) do not bother to announce any more . just send any - body right up . ( then as the clerk evidently try to protect she ) I know . but it 's all right . they be he friend , 69 table - close shot Nick be pour a drink for face . the little prizefight manager come up to he with a great hulk of a fighter in tow . ( the contrast in size be amusing . ) manager like to buy a piece of this pug , Nick ? I will sell you twenty - five percent of he for five grand . Nick be he good ? manager he 's be knock them cold . he be not afraid of nobody . ( the fighter reach for a drink . the manager turn on he fiercely ) Drop that , or I will slug you . the fighter , cow , meekly put down the drink . Nick laugh , hand peppler a drink . Nick ( to peppler ) here you be -- it 's good stuff -- I get it before repeal . the girl in very beautiful evening clothes with a string of pearl around she neck come over to Nick and peppler . she hold out the pearl for Nick 's attention . girl look , nick. remember ? this be the one you get back for I . peppler look at they with a professionally avaricious eye . peppler they real ? Nick ( to peppler , warningly ) ugh-ugh ! this be you night off . suddenly the music of the radio stop as it be switch to another station . the voice of a news broadcaster come over . announcer ( o.s. ) -- 32 degree below in utica . here 's the latest news of the Julia Wolf murder . ( Nick turn as he tear this . the camera track with he as he go toward the radio . the police captain be listen there ... he be the one who have change the station ) the police have find out that the beautiful blonde secretary be once a gangster 's girl . they be now look for the gangster . clyde wynant , the girl 's employer be still miss . this case will .... ( by this time , Nick reach the radio . he abruptly turn the switch , change back to a musical program . ) Nick ( to the captain ) can not you fellow ever forget business ? he hand the captain a drink . Captain good case for you , Nick . Nick ( smile ) have not you hear the news ? I be a gentleman now . nora 's Voice ( o.s. ) Nick ! Reporters ! Nick turn . 70 doorway - medium shot nora have admit two young newspaper man who be stand in the doorway . Nick walk over to they . 1st reporter I be from the american , Mr. Charles . 2nd reporter Mirror . 1st reporter we want to know if you would give we a statement . we hear you be here to work on the Julia Wolf case . Nick sorry . I do not know anything about it . 1st reporter come on , gimme a break . Nick I never try to kid you reporter -- I be tell you the truth . 2nd reporter then why be you in town ? Nick ( confidentially ) my wife 's on a bender . I be try to sober she up . nora stick up she nose , laugh , go over to the table . we pan as Nick lead the reporter there too . quinn and one or two of the other also be imbibe . Nick ( as they get to the table ) come on -- relax -- ( then to nora ) give they a drink . nora we need ice . Nick pick up a drink , already pour for himself . Nick ( look at the glass in he hand ) what small glass you have , grandma . he go off toward the service pantry with the drink in he hand . 1st reporter ( to nora ) listen , be not he work on a case ? nora sure . he 's work on a case of scotch . pitch in and help he . she go off toward the service pantry . Mrs. quinn come up with she glass . quinn look appreciatingly after nora . quinn ( to be wife , indicate nora ) be not she grand ? I take off my hat to she . Mrs , quinn ( acidly ) you hat ! you be get conservative ! 71 service pantry it be a tiny room with cupboard , a sink and a miniature frigidaire . Nick be get ice cube out of a tray . nora come in with a glass in she hand . nora I would better order some food . ( to Nick - as she take receiver ) that sound like a interesting case . would not you like to take it ? Nick I have not the time . I be much too busy see that you do not lose any of the money I marry you for . nora ( to phone ) room service , please - she talk to Nick as she wait to get the connection . she watch he covertly as she she be sure that he would love to go back to " sleuthing " , and she would enjoy be in on it with he ... she be try to sound he out . nora sound like a good case . girl mysteriously murder - ed . no one know who do it . they have not find any clue yet -- no gun -- no fingerprint -- Nick ( with a gleam of interest ) I wonder if they have -- ( he look at nora and suddenly realize that he be get interested . he jerk himself out of it ) I do not want to hear anything about it . he pick up the ice and nora 's drink . nora be not that my drink ? Nick what be you drink ? nora Rye . Nick drain the glass and put it down . Nick yeah -- that 's yours . he walk out as nora turn laugh to the telephone . nora ( in phone ) listen - I want a whole flock or sandwich -- 72 live room . Nick come in with the ice . the doorbell ring . Nick put down the ice and start for the door . as the camera truck with he he pass the telephone table . Foster be sitt - ing there . the radio music have put he in a sentimental mood . Foster ( at telephone - to Nick ) I would like to telephone my mother ... wish she a merry Christmas . Nick ( easily ) go ahead , Foster . Foster ' fraid I can not pay -- Nick forget it . camera continue to pan with he as he go on to the door . just as he be about to open it , he hear Foster 's voice , o.s . Foster ( to phone ) Long distance -- give I San Francisco -- Nick look off , wince a little , good-humored - ly . then he open the door and be surprised to see dorothy wynant stand there . she be white - lipped , miserable and desperate . Nick look at she , a little worried by she harass look . Nick come on in . dorothy I have get to see you alone ! Nick realize that something be definitely the matter . quinn ( voice o.s . ) hello , beautiful ! Nick turn as he hear quinn 's voice . 73 full shot -- guest and reporter . quinn be come toward they , a drink in he hand . his eye be fix on dorothy . the two reporter also be come forward . they curiosity quite different from quinn 's , for they realize she identity and the possibili - tie of a story . Nick ( rush she toward the bedroom ) go on in there . he open the door and she go in . Nick be about to follow she when quinn stop he . quinn who 's the little blonde ? Nick use to bounce it on my knee . quinn which knee ? could I touch it ? Nick laugh and enter the bedroom . quinn try to follow , as do the reporter who have come up , but Nick shut the door in they face . quinn , startle , knock on the door . quinn ( knock ) House detective ! 74 bedroom . dorothy be stand near the bed . she hold herself taut and stiff . she be determine that she be go to sacrifice herself to save she father . Nick come up to she . dorothy you hear about Julia Wolf ? Nick yes . dorothy ( she pull a gun from she muff ) there . ( she throw it on the bed . Nick look at it , and then back at she . his look be very cool and unexcite ) Nick what be you try to tell I ? that you do it ? dorothy ( she have she story all set and she speak with very convincing fervor ) yes . I hate she for come between my mother and father . she keep I from see my father . I go down there to ask she where he be . she would not tell I , and I shot she . Nick ( with sudden professional briskness ) where do you hit she ? dorothy ( she hesitates ) why ... in the heart . Nick pretty good shot you be . what do she do ? dorothy she fall down . Nick do she make any sound ? do not scream ? dorothy ( the horror of it make she inarticulate ) I do not know . Nick which way do she fall ? dorothy she ... she fall over backwards . Nick oh , yeah ? people fall toward a shot , you know ... not back from it . I know you be lie . dorothy break down , realize that she attempt to take the blame be futile . Nick go and hold she comfortingly in he arm . Nick where do you get this gun ? dorothy I buy it in a pawn shop . Nick do not lie to I . dorothy that 's the truth . at this point nora enter . she hold a drink in she hand . Nick look up -- make a little grimace at nora . dorothy turn and see she . she pull away a little . dorothy this be awful of I -- to make a nuisance of myself . nora ( easily ) do not be a dope . have a drink ? dorothy try wanly to smile . dorothy no thanks . she fumble in she bag to find she powder . Nick be look curiously at the gun , turn - ing it over in he hand . nora ( to dorothy -- point to dress table ) there 's powder and stuff over there . dorothy walk toward the table . Nick ( look up -- indicate drink nora have ) make she take that . nora see the gun now , be amaze . nora where do you get that ? Nick ( indicate dorothy ) she bring it in . ( slip it into the drawer of a table ) try to make I believe she do it . nora ( as he put the gun away ) what be you go to do with it ? Nick nothing , ' till I find out if it 's the gun Julia Wolf be kill with . ( he start for the door to the live room ) keep she in here , and do not let that reporter see she . they might believe she . he go out the door , and close it hastily behind he . nora go toward dorothy . 75 live room there be a hotel service table , pile high with food , in the room . the people here all eat , stand around with drink in they hand . as soon as Nick open the door to come out , the reporter pounce on he . first reporter be not that dorothy wynant ? Nick yes . ( the first reporter make a move to go past Nick to the bedroom , Nick bar the way ) here ...here . she do not know anything about it . second reporter and you say you be not on the case . he go off quickly toward the telephone . Nick I be not . I do not know a thing about it , and I do not care a thing about it . all I want be a drink . Foster have at last be able to get he mother in San Francisco . Foster ( on the phone ) hello , ma. the reporter come rapidly into the shot . he try to take the telephone from the other man . reporter give I that . Foster ( hold on to it , protest ) but I just get San Francisco ... ( into phone ) how be you , ma ? reporter ( take the phone from he , he speak into it ) get off the line , will you , ma ? I get some business . ( he jiggle the hook for the operator ) give I drydock 4 - 8000 . back to : 77 close shot at table quinn be stand beside Nick . the doorbell ring . Nick ( to reporter over at telephone ) hey , do not do that ! ( he be pour a drink ) now do not tell you paper that I be work on anything , ' cause I be not . Nick go offscene toward the door . the bell ring again . quinn he 's just work on that little gal . 78 full shot . Nick open the door . mimi and Gilbert be outside . mimi instantly rush in greet he effusively . Gilbert be leave stand in the door . mimi oh , Nick ... Nick ! Nick hello , mimi . mimi I want to talk to you about something very im - portant . the first reporter have forget he telephone call . he be all ear . Nick look around desperately , and take mimi roughly by the arm and rush she into a doorway next to the door of the bedroom . Nick come on in here . 79 bathroom . as Nick bring mimi into the bathroom , she look around ; bewilder . Nick sorry . this be the only place we can be alone ; wo not you sit down ? he wave airily off scene , presumably toward the seat , mimi follow the line of he hand , look , start and give he a cut look . 80 doorway of live room . Gilbert be stand hesitantly in the door - way . the first reporter suddenly see he . he have not notice he before . he go quick - ly to he . first reporter how do you do , Mr. wynant . ( he take Gilbert cordially but firmly by the arm and bring he into the room ) my name be diamond . come on in and have a drink . Gilbert I do not drink . first reporter as a matter - of - fact , I do not either . I would much rather talk ... he start for a quiet corner - back to : 81 bathroom . mimi and Nick be sit on the edge of the tub . mimi clyde wynant 's crazy ... absolutely crazy to stay away at a time like this . no wonder the police think he have something to do with it . Nick what do you think ? mimi oh , I know he do not , but I wish I could find he ... I have something very important to tell he . macaulay will not help at all . he think I just want money . Nick ( smile at she ) well , do not you ? mimi ( choose to regard this as a joke ) you be always teasing . the door of the bathroom open . Foster start to come in . he stop suddenly as he see mimi . Foster I beg you pardon . he back hurriedly out . mimi move closer to Nick , take he arm . mimi Nick , you will help I find clyde -- will not you ? Nick now , mimi , there be a thousand detective in New York . hire one of they . mimi ( persuasively ) but he know you . all you have to do be get in touch with he , and tell he that mimi say every - thing be all right ... but that I have get to see he . Nick I tell you again , I do not want any part of it . ( he go and open the door which connect with the bedroom ) now you take dorothy home and ... mimi ( furious ) dorothy ! be she here ? Nick ( startle by she tone ) yes ... mimi push into the bedroom , past he . 82 bedroom - medium group dorothy and nora be sit on the bed . asta be between they . dorothy be patting asta , still look very subdued and unhappy . nora hold out the glass toward she . nora if you finish this , you will feel better . in the mirror in back of they , we see mimi come toward dorothy , a look of fury on she face . dorothy look up at she mother as she come into the scene , a little terrify by she mother 's expression . mimi come right to dorothy and stand over she . she be sure that dorothy have tell Nick about the watch chain . mimi what do you tell he ? what do you tell he ? dorothy do not answer . her mother slap she viciously , repeat the question . Nick come up from behind mimi and pull she away . nora put a protect arm around dorothy . there be a second of silence as dorothy and mimi face each other , all of they mutual antagonism in they eye . asta start bark - ing . nora quiet he . Nick she do not tell I a thing . nora ( drily to mimi ) too bad you do not bring you whip . mimi ( recover herself ) I be so excited I do not know what I be do . come on , dorothy , we will go home . nora ( sharply to mimi ) she will go home if she want to . ( she turn with warm affection to dorothy ) you can stay here you know . there 's plenty of room and we would love to have you . dorothy thanks . but I will go home . she stand up to go . mimi look around . mimi where 's Gilbert ? Nick ( this be the last straw ) Gilbert ! be he here too ? ( he start toward the live room ) we might as well be live in the lobby . Gilbert be sit in a corner of the room with the two reporter . they have they pencil out , take down the rapid flow of word that come from gil - bert . Gilbert there 's a physiological as well as a psychological angle in my father 's relationship with Julia Wolf that the police have overlook . and I think it explain everything . you see , my father be a sexogenarian . 1st reporter ( deeply interested , not know the meaning of the word ) he be ? Gilbert yes . he admit it . 1st reporter ( speak very solemnly - think it be some sex perversion ) sexogerarian , eh? yes . yes . but I can not put that in the paper . Gilbert why not ? 1st reporter you know how they be ... sex ... Gilbert then just say he be sixty year old . 1st reporter be that what it mean ? Gilbert of course . the reporter get up , furious . he throw he pad to the floor . Nick come into the scene . he go to Gilbert . Nick ( to Gilbert - amused at the reporter 's discomfort ) come on , son . he take Gilbert by the arm and push he into the bedroom and close the door on he . the telephone start to ring . the two reporter follow Nick as he go toward the telephone . 2nd reporter come on .... give I a break . you owe it to I after that . Nick I swear I have not a thing to do with it . ( he pick up the telephone . the 2nd reporter listen , unashame ) hello ? CUT to : 84 big closeup - nunheim at a telephone . he be in a room telephon . the background be not distinguishable . he be evidently talk for the effect on someone else in the room whom we do not see . he look at the man out of the corner or he eye as he talk . nunheim Mr. Charles , I would like to lay a proposition before you . I can not discuss it over the telephone , but if you will give I half a hour of you time ... it 's about the Julia Wolf .... at that a hand come in , cover the mouth - piece , prevent any further conversation . nunheim , still in this big closeup , look o.s , at the invisible man and grin sardoni - cally . back to : 85 nick at the telephone Nick ( frown ) hello ... hello ... then as he get no answer , he hang up . the 2nd reporter jump to he . 2nd reporter what be it ? Nick just a man try to sell I insurance . 86 wide angle - the room nora come out of the bedroom door . quinn come up to she . Mrs. quinn , start listen - ing . quinn where 's that girl ? nora she 's go . 1st reporter how would they go ? nora out the back way . the two reporter , without a word , grab they hat and coat and rush out . quinn , too , brazenly start to breeze past he wife and follow they . Mrs. quinn step in front of he , slap he face . Foster , again at the phone , whine out : " hello , ma ! " and simultaneously , during this confusion , the radio start to play " Silent night , peaceful night " -- as the police captain , the pug , face peppler , and all other immediately join in with the song . they be all pretty tight by this time and sing at the top of they lung . the effect desire be a screwy climax to what have be quite a hectic , screwy situation . camera pan with nora as she take it all in at a quick glance and walk over to Nick . she put she arm around he . he look down at she , amused . camera move up for a big closeup of the two . nora I love you , nickie , ' cause you know such lovely people ! as we dissolve to : 87 close shot of bed - effect shot . it be about a hour later the bedroom be dark for a second . then , nora on one side of the big double bed , pull on the light on the small table beside she . she sit up a little and look over at Nick . he be soundly sleep , he face toward she . she have dorothy on she mind and can not sleep and she want company . nora ( softly ) Nick ! ( he do not stir ) Nick ! ( he look sleepily at she ) be you asleep ? Nick yes . nora good . I want to talk to you . Nick that 's jolly . nora do not you think you would like to go back to detect once in a while , just for the fun of it ? Nick can not you get to sleep ? nora no. Nick ( sit up in bed ) maybe a drink would help you . nora no thanks . Nick maybe it would if I take it . camera pull back as he get up out of bed and go to the bureau where there be a bottle and a glass . asta jump down and follow he . Nick pour himself a drink . asta stand there , lick Nick 's bare foot . nora everybody say you be a grand detective . Nick ( take he drink ) they be kid you . nora I would like to see you work . Nick tomorrow I will buy you a whole lot of detective storey . nora be determine to get Nick to help dorothy . she try another approach . nora that poor girl be in a tough spot . Nick ( come back to the bed ) there 's nothing I can do to help she . asta jump on the bed , go and curl himself up at they foot . nora she think you can . it would not hurt you to find out if you could , would it ? Nick ( get back into the bed ) darling , my guess be that wynant kill Julia and dorothy know it . and the police will catch he without my help . nora I think I would like that drink . ( Nick get up again and go to get she a drink ) I will give you you Christmas present now if you will give I mine . Nick ( pour a drink ) at breakfast . he bring she the drink . she take it from he and he get into bed . nora but it 's Christmas now . Nick ( briefly , as he prepare to go beck to sleep ) Breakfast . nora what be you go to give I ? I hope I do not like it . Nick you will have to keep they anyway . the man at the Aquarium say that he would not take they back . nora look over at he , disgust . she put down the drink and pull out the light . after a second , there be a knock hear from the next room . nora pull on the light . she turn to Nick . nora do you hear a knock ? Nick look up . the knock come again . nora get up , take a robe from the foot of the bed , pull it on and go out . as she do so , Nick reach over , take she drink and finish it , then turn over again to go to sleep . 88 door of live room , nora have put on the light as she come through the room . she open the door . Joe morelli be stand outside . he wear a black derby hat , which he do not remove and he have he hand in the pocket of he close fitting black over - coat . nora look at he with lively curiosity . she be too fond of adventure as well as too brave to scream when she see he menace figure . morelli Mr. Charles here ? nora yes . morelli ( he manner be very urgent ) I gotta talk to he ... that 's all . but I gotta do that . nora look at he for a second . nora you wait here . I will tell he . she go toward the bedroom . CUT to : 89 the bedroom . nora enter , call to Nick . nora Nick ! Nick ! ( Nick stir and open he eye ) there 's someone to she you , Nick ( sit up ) that 's great . I be afraid I would have to go to sleep . but as nora move away to get back into bed , we see morelli have follow she into the bedroom and be stand point a gun directly at Nick , with a menace intentness in he whole body . 90 wide angle - the group . nora , entirely unconscious of morelli 's presence and the gun in he hand , swing into bed beside Nick . Nick be look fixedly at the gun . nora look at he , amused by he expression , not know the cause . nora you have get the funniest look on you face . she follow the line of Nick 's gaze , and she eye pop with amazement as she see morelli with the gun . 91 reverse angle - closeup on morelli . he hold the gun levele at Nick . morelli I gotta talk to you . I want you to tell I something and I want you to give it to I straight . get I ? 92 reverse closeup - nick and nora Nick do you mind put that gun away ? my wife do not care , but I be in a delicate condition . CUT to : 93 medium shot again - group nora look at Nick , appreciate he humor in the midst of he danger . nora ( to Nick ) you idiot ! ( asta begin bark at morelli ) asta ! stop that ! get down ! ( she chase he off the bed . asta jump down out of sight . morelli still have he pistol point at Nick . ) now , stay there . Nick ( to morelli - see that asta be down ) all right ... shoot ! ( then realize the double meaning , he correct himself ) I mean ... what 's on you mind ? morelli you do not need to tell I you be tough . I hear about you . ( he put the gun in he overcoat pocket ) I be Joe morelli . nora watch the scene between the two man . she be excited , but apparently not frighten . Nick I have never hear about you . morelli I do not knock Julia off . Nick all right - you do not . morelli I have not see she in three month . we be all wash up . Nick why tell I ? morelli I would not have any reason to hurt she . she be always on the up and up with I . but that dirty little nunheim -- he get sore cause I click with she and he do not , so he put the finger on I . Nick that 's all swell . only you be peddle you fish in the wrong market . I have get nothing to do with it . morelli ( he intense excitement increase ) listen . " studsy " burke tell I you use to be o.k . that 's why I be here . do they .... Nick ( in a tone of polite enquiry ) how be studsy ? I do not know he be out of stir . morelli ( conversationally ) he 's all right . he would like to see you . but listen ... what 's the law do to I ? do they think I do it , or be it just something else to pin on I ? Nick I would tell you if I know . but I be not in this . ask the police . morelli ( sarcastically ) that would be very smart . that would be the smartest thing I ever do . I that a police captain 's be in a hospital three week on account we have a argument . the boy would like to have I come in and ask question . they would like it right down to the end of they blackjack . now I come to you on the level . studsy say you be on the level . be on the level . Nick I be on the level . if I know anything I would .... over the SOUND track there be a sound of knuckle rapping sharply on the door . morelli 's gun be in he hand before the rapping stop . his eye seem to move in all direction at once . morelli ( with a snarl to Nick ) what 's that ? Nick ( shrugging he shoulder ) this be you party . the sound of the knuckle come again , and someone speak outside . Guild 's voice ( o.s. ) open up . Police . morelli ( as he raise he gun to fire at Nick ) you two -time -- Nick shove nora 's face , knock she out of bed and across the room with he leave hand , and throw a pillow at morelli with he right just as morelli fire . Nick sprawl out of bed , make a dive for morelli and catch he ankle . the two man fall to the floor . morelli club Nick with he revolver , and Nick fight he with he one free hand . Guild , two policeman , and the hotel manager rush into the room . they pitch in and drag Nick and morelli apart . 94 close shot -- nora on floor she be in a faint as Nick , come quickly up to she . the hotel manager follow he and stand look down solicitously . Nick lean down over she . Nick nora ..... nora ! she do not move . Hotel manager what knock she out ? Nick I do . she be in the line of fire . ( turn , point to liquor bottle ) Hand I that bottle . ( turn back to nora , begin work on she ) better get a doctor . the hotel manager go quickly out . Nick try to get nora to take a drink of whisky . she open she eye . she put she hand up to she cheek where Nick hit she . then , as Nick watch she anxiously : nora ( indignantly ) you darn fool -- you do not have to knock I out . I know you would take he , but I want to see you do it ! 95 full shot -- including guild , morelli and two officer morelli be stand handcuff between the officer . Guild look admiringly at nora as Nick be help she to she foot . Guild there 's a gal with hair on she chest . as Nick pull nora up , she look at the coat of he pyjamas , where a streak of blood have start to come through . nora ( for the first , time horrify ) Nick ... you be ... Nick follow she eye down . for the first time he realize that the bullet have touch he . Nick it 's all right . it just graze I . nora someone get a doctor . Nick there 's one come . nora well , quick -- get into bed . be you all right ? Nick ( go toward the bed ) sure -- I do not even feel it . nora I will get some towel . ( she go quickly into the bathroom ) Nick get into bed . Guild come over - look at the wound . the camera pan away from morelli . Guild well , it be close , but you be all right . morelli 's voice ( o.s. ) tough luck . policeman 's voice ( o.s . ) shut up ! over the SOUND track we hear the policeman slap morelli 's mouth . nora come back from the bathroom with some towel . Nick put a towel over the wound , and sit propped up in bed . Nick I will be all right . do not let 's fuss till the doctor come . nora want a drink ? Nick yeah . nora go out of the scene . Nick ( to Guild ) how would you people happen to pop in ? Guild we hear this be get to be sort of a meeting place for the wynant family , so we figure we will stick around in case the old man himself show up . then we see he ... ( he point to morelli ) ... sneak in and we decide to come up . and pretty lucky for you . Nick ( drily ) yes . I might not have be shot . Guild we be look for this bird . morelli that little rat nunheim -- Guild shut up ! ( then to Nick - indicate morelli ) this guy a friend of yours ? Nick I never see he before . Guild what 's he want of you ? Nick want to tell I he do not kill Julia Wolf . Guild what 's that to you ? Nick nothing . Guild what would he think it be to you ? Nick ask he . I do not know . Guild I be ask you . Nick keep on ask . Guild ( to one of the policeman ) we will frisk the dump . Nick not without a warrant . Guild so you say - ( to policeman ) go on , Bob . the policeman start to search the room . Guild decide to change he tactic . Guild listen , Mr. Charles . I guess we be both of we go about this wrong . I do not want to get tough with you , and I guess you do not want to get tough with I . there 's just one one question I want to ask you . be you go to swear to the complaint of he shoot you ? Nick that 's another one I can not answer right now . maybe it be a accident . nora come over with the drink for Nick . she hand it to he , as she speak . nora ( to Guild , indicate Bob ) what 's that man do in my drawer ? Nick , hearing this , choke on he drink . 96 bureau - closeup . Bob be search in the drawer of the bureau . he find the pistol that Nick leave there and bring it to Guild . camera pan he over . Bob here you be , Lieutenant . Guild take the gun , look at it and turn to Nick . Nick - not know whether or not the gun be evidence , be slightly apprehensive . he watch Guild closely . Guild have you get a pistol permit ? Nick no. Guild ever hear of the Sullivan Act ? nora ( a little confuse about the different act ) that 's all right . we be marry . Guild give she a sharp look , and turn again to Nick . Guild this gun yours ? Nick no. Guild who 's be it ? Nick I will have to try to remember . Guild oke . there 's plenty of time . I guess we get to ask you a lot more question than we count on . we will come up tomorrow when you be feel better . ( he turn to the officer and morelli ) come on . the four man go out . camera move up for closeup of nick and nora . she be sit beside Nick on the bed . nora I wish that doctor would come . how do you feel ? Nick he will be here . give he time to get he trousers on . where 's asta ? ( call ) asta ! asta ! CUT to : 97 foot of bureau - panning on asta . as the dog come slowly out from under the bureau , look a little scared and shame - face . he come toward Nick , jump on the bed beside he and lick he face . Nick ( to asta ) you be a fine watch dog . nora he 's get more sense than you have . thank Heaven you be not on this case . Nick on it ! I be in it ... they think I do it ! nora well , do not you ? Nick throw a pillow at she . quick fade . 98 fade in : closeup of christmas tree . it be noon . the sun be stream in . most of the bell on the Christmas tree have be break . there be one large ball still intact . over the SOUND track we hear the pop of a air rifle . the big ball splinter . the camera pull back to show Nick lie on the sofa in a dress gown , with the air rifle in he hand . he use only he right hand on the rifle . across he chest , on the leave , there be the indication of bandage underneath he pajamas . on the floor beside he be pile of newspaper . the telephone be on a table near he hand . the room be litter with tissue paper and ribbon from the open Christmas present . there be a breakfast table at one side , with the emptied dish cover by a napkin . nora be sit smoking . she be wear a very lovely fur coat over she negligee . she be read a tabloid newspaper , the headline and picture of which exploit the Julia Wolf murder . Nick ( look fondly at the rifle ) this be the nicest present I ever have . nora put down she paper . she come over to Nick on the sofa . she have a bunch of holiday telegram in she hand . she start to pick up the newspaper which almost cover Nick . she have a very lovely wrist watch on . Nick see it -- take she hand and examine it . Nick I never see that before . nora no . it 's a Christmas present . Nick who give it to you ? nora you do . Nick you must admit I have good taste . nora laugh . nora ( indicate newspaper ) finish with this ? Nick yes . I know all they know about the murder . and I be a great hero . the tribune say I be shot twice . as he talk , nora throw the papers to the floor and sit down at the other end of the couch , put she slipper foot comfortably in Nick 's lap . she start to open , the telegram . nora I read you be shot five time in the tabloid . Nick that 's not true . he never come near my tabloid . ( he take aim again with he gun ) that 's one thing I always protect ... my tabloid . as he be just ready to shoot , the camera pan over to he target . it be a large balloon that asta be chase around the room . we hear the " pop " of the rifle and the balloon ex - plode , to asta 's astonishment and chagrin . asta start look for the lose balloon . back to : 99 nick and nora - closeup . the telephone ring - Nick reach over and pick it up . Nick ( in phone ) hello ... send he up . nora who 's that ? Nick macaulay . nora read the telegram and hand they to Nick at the other end of the sofa as she finish . he take they as she give they to he , and throw they on the floor without look at they . nora ( as she read one ) season 's greeting . the mallory . ( she hand it to Nick . she be distress ) I forget all about they . she open another telegram . Nick throw the first to the floor . he look at nora in she fur coat . Nick be not you hot in that ? nora I be stifling , but it 's so pretty . ( she hand he another telegram ) the kirbys . Nick ( take it and drop it on the floor ) be that another Christmas present ? nora ( smile at he ) yes . Nick do I give it to you ? nora yes . again this be news to Nick , but he take it philosophically . Nick I be spoil you . she tickle he with she foot . then she hand he another telegram , which suffer the same fate . Nick cock he gun again , prepar - ing to shoot . nora have open another tele - gram . her manner change . nora Nick , listen . from clyde wynant ! ( Nick put down he rifle , all attention . nora read it aloud ) " will you take charge of investigation on Julia Wolf murder . communicate with Herbert macaulay " . Nick ( put out he hand for it ) let 's see . where 's it from ? nora ( look at it as she hand it over ) Philadelphia . ( Nick be examine the telegram . the doorbell ring . nora start for the door , talk as she go ) then he do not do it , do he , Nick ? Nick ( thoughtfully ) I do not know . nora ( still on way to door ) he would not ask you to handle it if he be guilty . Nick you guess be as good as mine . nora oh take it ! please take it ! by this time she be at the door . she open the door to macaulay . nora oh , hello . come on in . macaulay good morning . I be afraid this be not a very " merry Christmas " for you . nora oh , he 's sit up . macaulay good . macaulay come in and go to Nick . Nick how be you ? macaulay I hate to bother you when you be laid up . Nick that 's all right . asta , delighted to see a visitor , jump all over macaulay . macauley be a little discon - certed by all this attention . nora asta ! asta ! come here . she throw a ball and the dog chase it out of the scene . macaulay sit down near Nick . asta come back into the scene . he deposit the ball near macaulay 's chair and stand look eagerly up at he . nora asta - do not bother Mr. macaulay . macaulay that 's all right . he lean down and throw the ball for asta . beside he on the floor be a miniature fire hydrant he look down at it . macaulay what a delightful toy . Nick look down and see it for the first time . Nick oh , it 's a fire hydrant . nora yes . it 's asta 's Christmas present . macaulay , a little troubled , look down at it , and then unostentatiously move he leg and he chair out of the danger zone . asta return , playfully and affectionately , with the ball again . macaulay , with a force smile , throw it for he again . then macaulay turn to Nick , reach in he pocket for a telegram . macaulay I get word from wynant this morning ... nora so do we . ( correct herself - indicate Nick ) I mean , sherlock here . Nick hand macaulay he telegram from wynant . macaulay read it and look at Nick . macaulay what be the chance of get you to do what he want ? Nick slim . nora oh , please , Nick . macaulay would it help any if I could persuade he to meet you ? Nick it might . macaulay he give I a code message to insert in the Times , in case I want to get in touch with he . Nick it would not hurt to put it in . nora beam . the telephone ring . Nick pick it up . macaulay I have do that already . he should appear , you know . it do not look well ... he stay away at a time like this . Nick ( in telephone ) hello .... oh , just a minute . ( hold out the phone to macaulay ) Police departent macaulay ( he look surprised but take the phone ) hello .... ( he face change ... he be startle ) where ? in allentown . ( he consult he watch ) yes ... when be the next train ? right - I will get that . ( he slowly put up the phone and turn to Nick and nora ) wynant 's try to commit suicide . they want I to come down and identify he . ( slowly he pick up he hat ) I guess this change the whole story , do not it ? that look like a admission of guilt . and I have such hope . I think if you get on the case , you would be able to clear he . I think that mimi .... the way she act ... I be sure that .... ( he sigh ) oh , well , well ... it 's no use think of it now . I be sorry to have waste so much of you time . he go quickly out . nora look after he , and then turn to Nick . she be evidently depressed . nora well , that 's that . ( Nick start to get up off the sofa ) stay there , Nick ! Nick ( pay no attention ) it 's not go to hurt I to get up . nora ( sharply ) sit down ! Nick ( with mock dignity ) you talk as if I be asta . nora all right , hard guy . get up and bleed on the rug . Nick walk over to pour a drink . nora sit down and asta come and put he head on she knee look sadly up at she . nora ( patting asta ) what 's the trouble , asta ? you balloon bust ? so 's mine . Nick ( to nora ) what 's the matter with you ? nora the mystery 's all go . and I want you to find out who do it . Nick ( over he drink , casually , as be characteristic ) maybe I will . nora ( surprised ) but wynant --- ? Nick I do not believe he do it . nora why do not you ? Nick no reason . just a hunch . but I be go to find out . ( he start to untie he robe ) I be tired of be push around . nora ( feel she jaw - stand up suddenly ) so be i. Nick come on , Watson , we be go place . as he stride into the bedroom , nora stride in perfect imitation after he . dissolve to : 100 exterior entrance , normandie HOTEL . Nick and nora come through the door . they have asta on a leash . Guild step up to they . Guild ( beam at nora ) good morning -- nora good morning , Lieutenant - ( asta pull she violently toward the curb . she go after he , out of the scene , call back apologetically ) sorry . Guild and Nick follow nora more slowly to the curb . Guild ( to Nick ) you ought not to play this trick on I . running out when I be give you time to rest up before I ask you that question . Nick you mean about that gun ? Guild that be not a gun any more . the fire pin 's bust - the - ( he break off ) do not waste time talk about that . they join nora . she listen eagerly , not take she eye from Nick and Guild . through the whole scene , as they walk down the block , when asta pull on the leash nora stop with he , and the two man , as a matter of course , stop and wait for nora , none of they ever look at asta . ( it be a trucking shot all the way ) Guild man to man , Mr. Charles , be you work on this case ? Nick man to man , I be not . nora but he 's interested ! Guild I do not mind tell you I would rather have you work with we than against we . Nick so would i. Guild it 's a bargain then . anything you want to know ? the leash tighten up and start to pull nora ahead . the two man quicken they step to keep pace with she . ( they be walk along a quiet street in the East fifty , so that there be not much traffic , and not many people . ) Nick what about the suicide ? Guild oh , that 's a phoney . the man do not even have to go down . Nick I think it might be . from now on , they be go to think that every thin man over six foot with white hair be wynant . again the leash pull nora over to the curb . the three , without interrupt they conversation , stand still , wait . nora do you think that wynant do it ? Guild look like he plan , something . he shut up he apartment and he shop . Nick you have be there ? Guild yeah . could not find a thing . this be the way we figure it . wynant go to Julia 's apartment . he find morelli there ... see she 's two-time he . they have a fight . but he figure he do not want to do anything then .... morelli might squeal . so he go away . he do not let he lawyer know any - thing have happen ... he let he go ahead and and hand over money to Julia to give to he , so that Julia will think it 's all blow over . then , when she do not expect it ... he let she have it . asta complete he investigation and start off down the street again the three follow . Nick no proof ? Guild nothing yet to cinch it . Nick fifty will get you a hundred that he do not do it . Guild what do you mean ? Nick for one thing , he be too absent- minded to hold a grudge . Guild who 's you candidate ? Nick I have not get that far yet . but I do not think that everything point to wynant . what about the alibis ? Guild they're all o.k. Mrs. jorgensen , the boy , dorothy , macaulay ... even morelli ... we have to let he go . Nick what about jorgensen ? Guild I will check on that . ( he turn to nora ) I be afraid this be kinder dull for you . nora dull ... I be sit on the edge of my chair ! asta see another hydrant and make for it . but nora be too interested to stop . she drag he on . Nick what about this nunheim ? Guild oh , he 's all right . we know all about he . he do a little stooling for we every once in a while . Nick do you know he be hang around Julia ? Guild no . Nick he 's hold out on you . Guild ( have not think of this ) let 's go and see . ( he motion to a pass taxi ) taxi ! a taxi drive up . nora start to get in . Nick this may be a little rough - you would better let we go alone . nora catch I let you go alone ! she climb determinedly in , pull asta after she . Guild start to follow , but Nick pull he away . he close the door of the taxi and speak to the driver : Nick ( to driver ) grant 's tomb . the cab start off . nora shake she fist back at Nick . Nick charmingly lift he hat and throw she a kiss , as Guild hail another pass cab . dissolve to : 101 outside door of nunheim' apartment . it be the fourth floor of a dark , damp building . the noise of the Sixth Avenue El can be hear even in the hallway . Guild and Nick come to the door . Guild knock . there be sound of hurried movement inside the room , then a voice call , in a irritate tone . nunheim 's Voice ( o.s . ) who be it ? Guild John . nunheim hastily unlock and open the door . he have no coat on - he be evidently frighten - ed . nunheim I be not expect you , Lieutenant . you say you would phone . Guild touch Nick 's elbow with he hand , and they go in . 102 live room of apartment . the room be shabby and dirty , with clothing , newspaper and dirty dish sit around . through a open door , the bedroom , with a unmade bed , can be see . in a alcove there be a sink and a stove . marian be stand there with a sizzling skillet in she hand . she be wear a rumple pink kimono and fray pink mule with lop-side bow on they . she stare sullenly at Guild and Nick as they come in . Guild do not introduce Nick to nunheim , or even look at marian . he keep he hat on , and Nick , see he , follow he example . Guild push some clothing out of the way to make a place for himself at the end of the sofa . Guild ( to Nick ) sit down . Nick remove some newspaper from a rock chair and sit down . nunheim go over to a table where there be about two inch of whiskey in a pint bottle . nunheim have a shot ? Guild what 's the idea of tell I you just know the wolfe girl by sight ? nunheim that 's all I do , lieutenent . that 's the God 's truth . maybe I say hello to she or how be you or something like that when I see she , but that 's all I know she . that 's the truth . ( marian laugh once , derisively . but there be no mirth in she face . nunheim twist around to face she ) all right . put you mouth in and I will pop a tooth out of it . marian be that so ! she swing she arm around and let the skillet fly at he head . it miss , crash into the wall . nunheim start after she . marian pick up a pare knife . Nick put he foot out , without rise , and trip he . nunheim fall to the floor . Guild cut it out . we do not come here to watch you two rough-house . nunheim slowly get up . marian start for the bedroom without look at any of they . nunheim she drive I nut . she 's be rag I all day . Guild maybe if you quit run around after other woman you would not have so much trouble with this one . nunheim ( for marian 's benefit - loud ) that 's a lie , Lieutenant ... anybody that say that be a liar . Guild ( to Nick ) want to take a poke at he ? nunheim ( scared , to Nick ) I do not mean you , mister . marian go into the bedroom and shut the door . Nick come on , now -- she can not hear you - nunheim well ... ( look toward the door of the bedroom ) you know how it be . a guy knock around .... Guild you would do better to have tell I that in the be - gin . where be you the afternoon she be knock off ? nunheim ( terrify ) you do not think I have anything to do with it ? Guild where be you ? marian come out . she be in street clothes and be carry a suitcase . nunheim marian ! marian I do not like crook and even if I do , I would not like crook that be stool pigeon , and if I do like crook that be stool pigeon , I still would not like you . marian start for the outer door . nunheim try to follow marian , but Guild catch he arm . Guild where be you ? nunheim marian ! marian ! do not go ! I will behave ! I will do anything ! do not go , marian ! marian go out and shut the door , pay no attention to nunheim . nunheim ( to Guild ) let I go ! let I bring she back . I can not get along without she . I will bring she right back and I will tell you anything you want to know . let I go ! Guild sit down ! we do not come here to watch you and that broad dance around a May pole . where be you the afternoon the girl be kill ? nunheim put he hand over he face and be - gin to cry . nunheim I can not remember offhand , Lieutenant . maybe I be over at Charlie 's shoot pool . maybe I be here . she would remember . Guild how would you like to be throw in the can on account of not remember ? nunheim just give I a minute .... I will remember . I be not stalling , Lieutenant . you know I always come clean with you . ( he have he head in he hand try to remember . Guild look at Nick and wink . nunheim look up , relieved . he snap he finger ) gee , it would serve I right if you have pinch I ... that 's the afternoon I be .... wait , I will show you ...! he get up and quickly go into the bedroom . Nick go to the telephone and start to dial . Guild start to search the room . Guild well , what would you think ? Nick I think we be on the right track . Guild who be you call ? Nick I be call you office so you can send out a man to trail he . I want to see where he go . Guild ( astonished ) Trail he ! Trail who ? Nick nunheim ! Guild look at Nick , who be grin . he then grasp what he mean and make a bee line for the bedroom . in a second he cone back . he take the phone from Nick . Guild ( sharply in phone ) Bill , tell the boy to pick up nunheim . he just leave here - go out the fire escape ( then , as Bill evidently laugh , Guild speak with hurt dignity ) what 's funny about that ? ( he hang up and look sheepishly over towards Nick . ) fast dissolve to : 103 closeup of nunheim - a telephone booth . nunheim be talk into the telephone . as he talk , he watch the outside of the telephone booth to be sure that no one be listen . his voice be quiet but there be a menace urgency in he tone . nunheim listen . they be questionin ' I again . ask I what more I know . where I be that day .... wait a minute . I duck out on them . now if you want I to play dumb , I want fi ' thousand more ... fi ' grand and I will skip town today .... where ? o.k ... right away ... see that you be there and have it with you . he hang up and turn to go out . dissolve to : 104 STREET in the west forties . nunheim jump out of cab , pay the driver . it drive off . the street be desert . by this time it be about five o'clock and the early winter twilight have fall . we truck and pan as nunheim look at the number of the house . a little way up the street he find the number he have be look for . he walk into a dark doorway . just as he step in , there be the crack of a pistol shot and the flash of fire from the gun . nunheim throw up he hand , stagger forward to the street , he hand clutching he heart . here he pitch forward -- dead . the camera stay on the body . dissolve to : 105 insert -- a bundle of clothes -- all that be left of one arthur nunheim ! the hand of Nick and Guild be examine the clothes as we come in . Nick have take a card from the inside coat pocket . Nick 's Voice ( over insert of card he hold ) " Arthur nunheim -- honorary member -- " camera pull back rapidly now to reveal guild office at police headquarters . Guild be throw down some letter and stuff he have extricate . Guild not a thing . Bob , the policeman , come in . Guild ( look up ) find out about that bullet yet ? Bob yes , sir . it 's from the same gun that kill Julia Wolf . there be a second of silence . Guild and Nick look at each other . Nick and how be you folk ? the telephone ring . Guild pick it up . his face beam . Guild ( in phone ) how be you ? -- no , we do not get a thing . ( he hand the phone to Nick ) it 's you wife . Nick reach for the phone , smile . 106 closeup - nora at phone she be in the jorgensen apartment , but in a room by herself . she speak softly . she think she be still talk to Guild . nora . well , I have get something , Lieutenant . I have be do a little detective work of my own . that flat foot I marry think he 's smart -- but I be one jump ahead of he . back to : 107 closeup on nick . he play straight in he best manner . Nick ( kid she ) um ? nora 's Voice ( through receiver ) do you hear I ? Nick ( grin ) how 's grant 's tomb ? back to : 108 closeup of nora -- phone . she start at this , recognize Nick 's voice . again she stick up she nose , a little characteristic of hers in matter concern nickie . then she snap : nora it 's lovely . I be have a copy make for you -- back to : 109 close two shot - nick and guild . Nick laugh , then -- seriously : Nick what have you get ? nora 's voice come through , but she be evidently speak in a low whisper and the word be inaudible . Nick can not hear you -- little lou -- ( a alert look come into he eye as he listen closer , get what she be say . Guild , too , be interested . ) we will be right up ! ( Nick put down the phone and turn to Guild ) she 's up at mimi's . jorgensen have disappear . the two man rise . fast dissolve to : 110 closeup on mimi -- her bedroom . she be seat face Nick in she bedroom , al - though in this open dissolve we do not reveal he . we hold on mimi as she speak hysterically . mimi Chris may be at the club -- or somewhere -- I do not see that it 's important -- Nick ( voice o.s . ) you should have tell they he would disappear . camera pull back to reveal the room now as mimi jump up . Nick be seat , question she . dorothy hover behind Nick . mimi ( she manner and tone more distrait ) but he have nothing to do with it ! Nick that 's not for you to decide . everybody 's under suspicion - especially run off like this -- ( he pick up a picture of jorgensen from the bureau ) the police will want he description . be this a picture of he ? mimi try to take the picture . mimi I tell you -- he do not do it . Nick they will want more than you word for that . mimi ( come forward and speak slowly ) all right , then -- I will tell they who do do it ! dorothy ( with horror in she voice ) mother ! mimi ( pay no attention ) and I will give then proof ! dorothy turn and go quickly from the room . 111 hallway of apartment . dorothy come out of the bedroom , blind with horror at what she mother be do . for a minute she stand there , try to collect herself . Andy come from the live room , where he have be wait for she . he go to she and take she in he arm . she look up at he . Andy ( with tremendous pity in he voice ) dorry ! for a minute she cling to he , cry , dorothy oh , Andy . Andy do not cry . dorothy I can not help it . you do not know ..... Andy ( protectively ) darling , you can not go through any more of this . now you get together you clothes and you skate and we will go out to my family 's in the country . dorothy ( she stop cry ) I can not . Andy you have get to get you mind off this . dorothy ( she pull herself together ) you be sweet , but the only thing that you can do for I be to go . Andy go! dorothy and do not ever try to see I again . Andy what be you talk about ? dorothy ( with rise excitement ) please ! you can not get mix up in this . Andy do you think I care dorothy you do not understand . you do not know what 's go to happen . Andy I only know I want to marry you ... right now , and -- dorothy I can not marry you ! I can not ever marry you ! Andy dorothy ! dorothy ( hysterically ) how would you like to have a couple of little murderer for you child ? it would be fun , would not it ? maybe they would murder each other ... keep it all in the family . that 's what Father should have do . he should have kill I and Gilbert ... then we would not have have this to go through . Andy you be talk like a crazy person , dorothy why not ? I be crazy .... the whole family 's crazy . Andy dorothy .... listen to I . I love you . do not you understand that ? I love you . dorothy go away ! CUT to : 112 live room - shoot toward hall . nora and Guild be wait for Nick . gil - bert be sit with a large book open in he hand . dorothy 's voice come through . the three in the live room can not help but hear . dorothy 's Voice ( o.s. ) go away ! a door slam . Andy be see walk slowly past the live room door , on he way out of the apartment . Gilbert get up and go quickly out . nora look at Guild and sigh . nora sleuthe be not all fun , be it ? I feel so sorry for that poor girl - Nick come in with the photograph of jorgen - sen , which he have take from the frame . Guild get anything ? Nick she 's ready to talk . ( he hand Guild jorgensen 's photograph ) it will not do any harm , though - to find out where he be . CUT to : 113 dorothy's bedroom . dorothy be lie on the bed , face down . Gilbert walk up to she , he big book still in he hand . Gilbert you know , you be wrong about all of you child be murderer ... I have study the mendelian Law of inheritance and they experiment with sweet peas , and accord to they finding ... and they have be pretty conclusive ... only one out of four of you child will be a murderer . so the thing for you to do would be to have just three child ... ( then as a think come to he ) ... no , no . that might not work the first one might be the bad one . I will have to look that up . by this tine dorothy get up . she have a defiant look on she face . dorothy you need not look it up . I be not go to get marry and I be not go to have any child . from now on , I be just out for the ride ! back to : 114 live room - medium on group . mimi be show Guild the watch chain . Nick be watch she closely . nora be tense with interest . mimi ( she voice quivering with force emotion ) I take this from she hand . it 's Mr. wynant 's watch chain . ( Guild take it from she ) I want to protect he . she break into tear . Nick look over at she sardonically . Guild watch she with evident sympathy . Guild get up , put the watch chain carefully in he handkerchief . Guild I guess that cinch it , eh , Mr. Charles ? he kill they both - Julia Wolf and nunheim . Nick fifty will still get you a hundred . Guild this be enough for I . fast dissolve to : 115-119 series of quick dissolves : ( a ) police radio announcer at microphone announcer Calling all car - call all car - cover all road leave city - pick up clyde wynant - clyde wynant drag - net - pick up - etc . ( b ) gate - grand central station . a policeman stand at the gate scan the passenger as they go through . ( through this and ensue vignettes , the dull voice of the Police announcer continue over the flash . entire effect design to ex - citingly dramatize the spread of the net for the capture of clyde wynant . ) ( c ) a printing PRESS . it be run off police placard announce the reward for the capture of clyde wynant . ( d ) teletype machine . over the machine be come : " wynant want -- watch all station -- boat and road -- description - thin man -- six foot -- white hair , etc. , etc . " ( e ) newspaper truck -- STREET corner . newsboys be crowded around the back of the truck . a man be hurl pack of late extras down to the boy . they immediately begin call out : newsboys " extra -- extra -- wynant want in second murder -- " " five Star final " -- wynant 's ex- wife produce mur - der evidence -- " " extra - extra -- double murder charge against wynant -- " picture of wynant , most of they full length ( for the desire effect of the tall , thin man ) cover the front page . second and third truck can back into the scene , if desire . necessary , dramatically , to kick up the idea that the chase for the killer be increase to fever heat . dissolve to : 120 close shot on nora - at window . she be at the window of they bedroom in the hotel normandie again . we process through the window to get a background of Central Park , South . on SOUND track from below we get a carry - over of the newsboy ' " extra ! extra ! " from precede effect . one shrill voice be hear in relief against the other . it be shouting : " extra -- extra -- police hunt wynant -- " nora listen for a second and then shut the window , turn away from it . nora I wish they would stop that . it make I fidgety . do you think they will find he , Nick ? he must be in New York .... ( she stop short as camera pull back and she see Nick be in he overcoat , bend over asta with a leash ) where do you think you be go ? Nick I be go to take asta for a walk . nora he 's just be for a walk . Nick we be go sightseeing -- be not we , asta ? he start to go -- but nora put a hand on a bulge in he overcoat pocket . nora what 's that ? ( she put she hand in and pull out a bunch of skeleton key ) what be you up to ? ( she put she hand in and and pull out a pistol - she unconsciously hold it , point at he ) nickie - what be this ? Nick ( put he hand up ) look like a hold -up ! nora what be you go to do ? Nick I have get hunch . I be go down to look at wynant 's shop , I want to find out why it 's close . nora why should not be close it ? he go away . Nick he go away lot of time when I know he - but he never close he shop . I have get a hunch something be up . nora you mean , he might be hide there ? Nick I do not know ... this thing have get my goat . I have get to find out . nora Nick - I will not have you go down there . Nick say you be the one who get I in this ! nora I know but this be different . he 's a crazy man . he might kill you . Nick I will be all right . I have get asta to protect I . nora ( wave he out ) go on - go on - see if I care . but it 's a dirty trick bring I all the way to New York just to make I a widow . Nick ( kid she ) you would not be a widow long . nora you bet I would not . Nick not with all you money ! nora you dog ! Nick ( kissing she ) Goodbye , darling . nora ( cling to he and for the first time really serious ) nickie , take care of yourself will not you ? Nick ( lightly ) sure I will . nora do not say it that way . say it as if you mean it . Nick ( with mock solemnity ) why , I believe the little woman care . nora I do not care - I be just use to you , that 's all -- ( Nick give she a affectionate hug and a kiss . he call to asta . nora turn to the dog , try to hide she emotion under a pretense of clowning ) if you let anything happen to he , you will never wag that tail again ! dissolve to : 121 ext . of wynant shop - lighting effect the street be desert . the light from the street lamp be very dim . a cab drive up before the shop . the door of the cab open and asta jump out , and make a bee-line for a hydrant . Nick follow he , still in he evening clothes . he turn to pay he driver , who be look dubiously at the neighborhood . Driver sure this be the place you want ? Nick this be it . Driver ( look apprehensively at the street ) you do not want I to wait , do you ? Nick no thanks . ( Nick pay he ) Driver ( with a last look , he say dubiously ) well .... good luck ! he drive off . the street be quiet . Nick turn toward the shop . Nick stand for a second look at the building , then turn to asta . Nick ( to asta ) ready ? well , let 's go . he go to the front door of the shop . he try it . it be lock . from he pocket he take out a ring with skeleton key on it . holding he flashlight on the key hole , he finally find the key that open it . he push the door slowly open . he hold it open , look back at asta . Nick you keep quiet now . come on . but asta do not like the look of the place . he do not move . Nick snap he finger for he to come and asta finally , reluctantly follow he . 122 interior build -- trucking and panning on Nick as he make he way down the narrow little hall , guide by he flashlight . asta trail , still reluctantly . Nick be familiar with the old building so that he do not lose time in reach the rear , where he go down the step , cautiously , to the basement . 123 machine shop and storeroom in basement - long shot . ( this room lead to wynant 's private work - shop as establish earlier . ) Nick move stealthily through the storeroom , flash he light here and there on crate , box of machinery , etc . it be a weird scene , at any moment you must feel that wynant , or some foe will spring from behind the object . ( his figure be mostly in silhouette during , the scene . he flash he light in quick short flash . ) Nick see a move shadow . asta start to growl . Nick whip out he gun . the throw the light of he flashlight onto a pile of [ sorry -- page miss . the " move shadow " turn out to be a cat . ] 124 continued nothing that will help he . he be start out , when he miss asta . he call he softly . we hear the dog whine . Nick ( to asta ) well , come along , then ... still the dog do not come . we hear he whine again . Nick flash he light around until it light on the dog . asta be in the center of the floor . he have he ear back . he be sniff at the floor . Nick keep he flashlight on asta , come back . he lean down to the floor , run he hand over the cement . Nick ( softly ) you be not a Scottish terrier . you be a police dog . New cement . he get up briskly and look around , use he flashlight , to find a tool . he find a iron bar . place the light so that it fall on the floor . Nick take the iron bar . he pound on the floor . over the place where asta be whining , the cement give out a hollow sound . Nick take the bar in both hand , throw he whole strength into it , try to force it through the floor . it finally go through . Nick lean down , and a startle , horrify look come in he face . he put down the bar , pick up asta , who be flatten on the floor , watch he , take he flashlight and go quickly toward the stair . he climb rapidly . 125 crane shot -- flight of stair leading to wynant office on second floor . ( as earlier established . ) he use he flashlight to find he way . the stairway , be as old as the building , creak as he walk . we continue to crane until he reach the second floor and cautiously enter the old office . 126 wynant office - full shot . all be pitch dark as he follow he flashlight to the telephone , dial the number , then extinguish the light . Nick ( in telephone ) hello , Lieutenant Guild , please ... John ? this be Charles . I be up in wynant 's shop . well , I have find something ... it 's a body . he put down the telephone . use he flashlight , he go to the desk and begin to look through the papers there . 127 effect shot -- camera at bottom of stairway , shoot up . on the figure of a man as it be quietly go up the same stairway that Nick take , slowly go toward the office . he have no light , but by he unhesitate step , we gather that he be familiar with the building . the step creak a little . back to : 128 wynant office - close shot on nick . he be still rummage over the desk . sudden - ly he stand rigid . he have hear a step . he put out he flashlight and whirl around to face the door . at this instant , camera swing over to : 129 the door as the man 's figure appear . as he start to come in , Nick 's flashlight be throw full on he face , blind he . we see that it be tanner . Nick 's Voice ( o.s. ) stick them up ! tanner , terrify by the light and the sharp command from the darkness , put up he hand . asta begin to bark . keeping the light full on tanner 's face , Nick swiftly search he . satisfied that tanner have no gun , Nick go to a electric light switch . Nick ( as he do this ) do not make a move or that dog will tear you to shred ! he switch on the light . tanner look in , blink amazement and fear , first at Nick , and then at -- 130 big closeup of asta he have crawle under the desk and lie there , look out fearfully . back to : 131 medium on nick and tanner Nick grin a little at asta 's fear and tanner 's bewilderment . Nick ( to asta ) come on out , now . he will not hurt you . ( then to tanner , with a return of he brisk , professional tone ) back to you old trick , eh , tanner ? tanner no , Mr. Charles . Nick how do you get in here ? tanner I have a key . I work here ... till they close the shop . Nick you work here ? tanner yes , sir . Julia Wolf get I a job as bookkeeper . Nick well , that 's a hot one . you a bookkeeper ! when be you ever a bookkeeper ? tanner that time you send I up last ... I learn book - keep at sing sing . I figure it might be a in for I somewhere . Nick somewhere where they might go out and leave the safe open ? tanner honest , Mr , Charles . I never touch that safe . they bond that be miss ... Julia take they . Nick try to put it off on she ? tanner Mr. Charles - she do - that 's why he get sore at she and kill she . listen , Mr. Charles -- ( he pull out some bill ) I do do a little chiseling . I come to bring it back and fix up the book . I do not want he to find out and come after I - Nick you can save that and tell it to the police . they will be here in a minute . tanner ( a hunt look come into he face ) Police ! he shrink back , aghast , as at this moment we hear the sound of siren from police car arrive outside . asta crawl back under the desk . 132 exterior wynant shop - STREET - night . there be a rise crescendo of siren as Guild 's police car , and the Medical examiner 's car swing around the corner , accompany by a motorcycle escort . they pull to a stop at the front of the shop . the police and Dr. Walton , with he assistant , get out of the car and go to the door of the building . there be police photographer with they . Nick , with tanner in he custody , be wait at the door of the shop . dissolve to : 133 wynant shop - basement . the floor be dig up more than in the last scene , so that the body be expose enough for the photographer . Guild , Nick , Dr. Walton , tanner and the rest of the police stand aside as the photographer take they flashlight picture from different angle . Guild be put on a pair of glove . Dr. Walton be prepare to do he work . Nick , in he evening clothes and he casual air , be a incongruous note in the midst of all the professional excitement . as the photographer finish , Guild step up to the hole in the floor . he turn to tanner , who be watch , horrify . Guild ( to tanner ) you do not know anything about all this ? tanner no , sir .... Guild ( to one of the police ) take he down to the can . I will see he later . the policeman go out with tanner . Guild look down into the hole . Guild ( he give a low whistle ) I wonder what wynant have against this one ? Quick lime . well at least the clothes be not touch . the Medical examiner come up and stand be - side he . Guild mind if I take that out , Doc ? Dr. Walton go ahead . Guild stoops down and take out a bundle of clothes . the camera pan with he as he take they over to a work table and start to open they up . Nick stroll over and stand watch he . Nick ( look at the bundle of clothes ) just roll they up and throw they in . Guild lucky thing for we they be not in that lime . Nick extraordinarily lucky . Guild pull a coat from the bundle . it be a large coat , slightly eat by the lime . Guild pick it up and examine it for a tailor 's label . Guild no - no identification - ( he hold the coat up ) must have weigh two hundred and fifty if he weigh a ounce . Bob ( o.s . ) here 's something , Bob come into the scene . he hand Guild a walk stick . Guild take it and examine it . Guild ( look at the stick ) rubber tip . he must have be lame . Bob who would not be .... carry that weight around . Guild take the trousers and stretch they out . Guild ( to Doctor ) stand straight he would be about five foot , eleven , would not he ? Doctor 's Voice ( o.s. ) about . there be a belt attach to the trousers - Guild look at it . he find some initial engrave on the silver buckle . Guild ( read from the buckle ) " d.w.r . " ( turn to Nick ) that case you work on ... the guy who threaten to kill wynant ... what what be he name ? Nick rosebreen . Guild could this be he ? Nick I never see he . I do not think anyone see he . Guild he say wynant try to steal a invention . Nick yes . but we figure it be just blackmail ... Guild just the same , wynant would not mind have he out of the way , would he ? ( he turn to the Doctor ) how long should you say this body would be here , Doc ? the Doctor come into the scene take off he glove . Dr. Walton I can not say offhand . at least a couple of month ... Guild couple of month . that 's just when he close the shop . the way I figure it be ... he kill this guy and plant he here . Julia know about it , so he kill she . and nunheim catch he at that , so he he have to bump off nunheim . ( he make a bundle of the clothes ) well , we will be go along . ( to Nick ) you do a swell job . you would not like to pay I that hundred now ? Nick ( smile ) wait ' till you catch wynant . Nick walk over to the Medical examiner who be put on he coat , preparatory to go . the Medical examiner speak to he assistant , indicate the wrap up body , out of the scene . Dr. Walton you can take that out to the car . Nick go to run he through the floroscope ? Dr. Walton yes . Nick do you mind if I come down and see it ? Dr. Walton not at all . Nick I be very interested in that body . by this time Guild be ready to go . he turn to Nick , the bundle of clothes under he arm . Guild give my best to you wife . he turn to go out , almost bump into a figure in the semi-darkness . it be apparently a slender boy , he coat collar high about he neck , and he hat pull down over he eye . Nick spy he at the same time and come toward he . Guild speak sharply to the boy . Guild ( to the boy ) what be you do here ? Nick ( to Guild - know who it be ) I will take care of he . Guild grunt and continue on he way . Nick take the boy by the arm , and unceremoniously hustle he out . Nick have asta under he other arm . CUT to : 133a ext . of build Nick hustle the boy into a taxicab , and follow he in , speak to the driver as he get in . CUT to : 133b closeup of nick Nick be seat in the cab . he be look with a disapprove scowl at he companion . Nick what do you think you be ? the camera pan to he companion . we see that it be nora . she be dress in Nick 's clothes . she have even use some of she hair to make a mustache . she look at Nick with a twinkle in she eye , and stroke the point of she mustache in imitation of he as she speak . nora I be a ' de- tect - uf ' . dissolve to : 134 closeup of floroscope . ( Police Laboratory ) the light of the floroscope come through the skeleton of the body . the Medical examiner 's hand come into the shot , point - ing to a dark spot in the leave side of the body , near the heart . Dr. Walton 's Voice ( o.s. ) there 's the bullet he be kill with . see ? Nick 's Voice ( o.s. ) what 's this ? his hand come into the shot , point to a smaller speck in the shin bone . the camera now pull back to show the two man in Dr. Walton 's laboratory look at the body under the floroscope . Dr. Walton look closer . Dr. Walton oh , just a old piece of shrapnel . a idea come to Nick . he be piece thing together in he mind . Nick shrapnel ! Dr. Walton ( still inspect ) must have be in the war . that might account for the cane and he limp . Nick ( think of something else ) yes ... yes . as we be dissolving to : 135-139 series of effect flash -- third murder -- police dragnet in terrific tempo , with the elongate shadow of the thin man behind the flash , we bring in , kaleidoscopically , police teletype -- radio broadcast -- telephone and telegraph -- wireless -- radio car , etc . Chief among this effect be superimpose closeup of police and detective chief as they talk into phone , fire they order . by the nature of the uniform wear by the police captain , we must achieve the idea that the man-hunt be nation wide . also superimpose be newspaper headline , tabloid , etc. , scream out : " wynant hunted in third mur - der -- " " wynant victim buried in basement -- " " horror murder laid to wynant -- " " wynant body number three dug up in cement -- " etc. , etc . also , on SOUND track , through radio and telephone , we hear continuous voice as they report : " wynant see here -- wynant see there -- " etc . this be vorkapich shot , and conclude with thrill flash of automobile be stopp - ed on road by traffic officer , squad car racing to and for from headquarters , etc . dissolve to : 140 closeup of asta . the dog be stand on a table . the camera pull back to show the live room of Nick 's suite . the reporter be on Nick 's trail again . the floor be litter with newspaper . nora , in negligee , be be interview by a ' sob sister ' . Nick be near the table where the drink be surround by reporter . a newspaper photographer be take asta 's picture as he stand on the table . photographer ( snap he finger down near the floor ) hey ... doggie , doggie . look down at the body ! look down at the body ! ( asta look down at the man 's hand and the flashlight flare up . the photo - grapher hurriedly go to Nick ) now , Mr. Charles -- 1st reporter ( to photographer ) get that out of here . photographer just one family group . sob sister it would be lovely for the woman 's page . Nick go to stand beside nora , and the photographer put asta in nora 's arm . the reporter follow Nick , ask he question . 1st reporter have the police get any idea where wynant be ? Nick no. 2nd reporter do you think they will I find he ? Nick I know they will . the flashlight flare again . Nick move away . 3rd reporter get anything else to say about the case ? Nick yes . it 's put I way behind in my drink . he start for the table where the liquor be . 1st reporter what about this rosebreen ? Nick ( pour himself a drink ) sorry . do not know a thing . 2nd reporter ( to photographer ) come on , let 's get it in . ( to Nick ) thanks , Nick . the reporter all start for the door . 1st reporter what 's you next step , Nick ? Nick right back to California . we have get to go home and rest up from we vacation . 1st reporter we will see you before you go . they all go out . camera move in for close panning shot . nora ( disappointed ) back to California Nick my soul , woman . I give you three murder and you be not satisfied . nora I want you to stay and find wynant . Nick ( out of a clear sky - over he highball ) I do find he ! nora what do you mean ? Nick ( between swallow ) he be down in the shop . nora Nick ! Nick it be he body that be bury there . nora Nick , you would better lay off that liquor . Nick that 's a fact . nora ( unable to believe she ear ) wynant 's body ? Nick ( mixing another drink ) yup . do not you want something to eat ? nora but they all say it be rosebreen 's . Nick ( go to telephone ) that 's what they think ... Guild and all of they . they take it for grant that it 's just another of wynant 's victim . ( he take up telephone ) Guild 's hot-foot it around now , look for wynant . that 's all that trouble he . nora what make you so sure it 's wynant 's body ? Nick several thing . ( speak into the telephone ) hello , Fred . we be hungry again . yeah , and lot of onion . oh , and coffee . nora Nick , you will drive I crazy . what thing ? Nick ( put up the receiver ) huh ? nora what thing make you so sure ? Nick oh. well , the clothes for instance . they be carefully preserve , and the body be just as carefully destroy . the person who kill he count on one thing ... that all skeleton look alike . nora well , do not they ? Nick sure . he take a drink from the glass in he hand . nora go to he and take he drink from he . nora you do not get another swallow ' till you really open up . Nick ( speak quickly , anxious to get he drink back ) I remember that wynant have some shrapnel in he shin . it often bother he . so I look for it and I find it . ( he reach out he hand for the glass ) gimme . nora mechanically give he back he drink , she mind on the significance of what he have tell she . nora how long have he be dead ? Nick couple of month anyway . nora then he could not have commit that other mur - der . Nick smart gal . nora ( hardly able to believe it ) wynant dead ? ( with a sudden think ) do dorothy know ? Nick no. nobody but you . nora start for the telephone . nora I be go to tell she . Nick hey ... hey . ( nora stop ) do not do that . nora ( protest ) but the poor kid 's go crazy . she would rather know she father be dead than that ... Nick ( interrupt ) I can not help it . I can not tell a soul . I do not even tell Guild . nora why not ? Nick I want to lie low till I get the whole dope . I do not want to go off half - cocked . nora what be you go to do ? Nick I be go to get the real murderer . I have get a idea . want to see I take he ? nora ( thrilled ) yes ! Nick get a nice evening dress ? nora ( impatient ) now Nick , what 's that get to do with it ? Nick ( insist ) get a nice evening dress ? nora I have get a lulu -- why ? Nick I be go to give a party , and invite all of the suspect . nora the suspect ! they will not come . Nick oh , they will come . I will have Guild issue the invitation . ( he start to telephone ) nora who do you think do it ? Nick mimi ... nora mimi ! Nick mimi , jorgensen , morelli , tanner ..... ( to nora ) what be you do on the ninth of June ? he grin into the phone . fast dissolve to : 141 private dine room in HOTEL . Music of a small string orchestra be com - ing from the adjoin balcony . a table be set in the background for fourteen people . the waiter be quietly put the the last touch to the table . the head waiter be pass around a last tray of cocktail . the camera truck with he as we pick up the different people . he go first to Andrew who be stand by himself , very forlorn look . then to mimi , tanner and Gilbert who be a little isolate group .... not know - ing what be go on , and look very suspiciously at the other guest . he go on to a group make up of nora , Guild , marian and morelli . nora be hang on to the two men' word . the head waiter go on to Nick and macaulay . head waiter ( to Nick ) shall I serve dinner now ? Nick just a minute - Nick look toward the door . he break away from macaulay and go to the door . the camera pan with he as he go . a detec - tive be just come in the door . detective ( to Nick ) we get them . picked them up at the Pennsylvania Station . ( he turn to the door ) come on in . dorothy and quinn come into the room . they have both be drink . quinn be angry and reluctant to come in . quinn have a suit - case and dorothy a little dress - case in she hand . dorothy be defiantly gay . she have quite thoroughly carry out she threat to go " out for the ride " - Nick hello , dorothy . ( Nick reach out and take she bag ) dorothy hello , Nick ! ( she look around the room ) and a party - celebrate father 's third murder - ( she tone be bitter ) mimi 's Voice ( o.s. ) dorothy ! dorothy and cocktail ! she walk toward the drink out of the scene . Nick ( to quinn ) why the bag ? quinn none of you business . detective they be try to make a get-away , quinn ( drunk and belligerent ) we be do nothing of the sort . what 's the idea of this ? Nick do not he ... ( he indicate the detective ) ... give you my invitation ? quinn you can not get away with this . the detective be close in on he . Nick you be perfectly right . ( to the detective ) take the gentleman 's coat and bag . the detective start , not too gently to take quinn 's coat from he . 142 close shot - dorothy and andy dorothy take a drink from the waiter . Andy start toward she . dorothy ( to Andy ) this be a pretty dead bunch , be not it ? Andy you be high enough . dorothy why not ? Nick come up to she . dorothy ( to Nick ) you know , you interrupt I at a very important point in my life . I be about to take my first false step . ( call to quinn ) come on , quinny . let 's dance - she walk away from Andy and Nick . Andy ( to Nick ) I be get out of here . Nick no - I need you here . Andy ( glower at quinn ) if I stay , I know I will take a poke at he . Nick then I insist that you stay . CUT to : 143 morelli , guild and marian marian I want some more of that tiger milk . she start off to get another drink . morelli look after she admiringly . morelli ( to Guild ) I think somebody could do something with that cl [ ] if they take hold of she right . Guild ( drily ) yeah - by the throat ! CUT to : 144 medium shot near table . nora be near the dinner table with Guild beside she . marian , macaulay , mimi , Gilbert , tanner and morelli be nearby . nora I think we may as well sit down . Guild ( look around ) I guess all the suspect be here . there be a second of stunne amazement on the people 's face . nora Mr. Guild mean guest ! ( count nose ) oh , there be two more to come . Guild they will be here . do not worry . my man be pick - ing they up . nora ( beam at he ) you be a great help to a hostess . I wish I always have you for my dinner party . nora start to seat the guest . mimi ( look toward the door ) Chris ! she walk rapidly out of the scene , and we pan with her to the : 145 doorway . jorgensen and a woman have come in the door . she be a hard - face , common woman , who look as if she could handle any situation . they be stand there angry and belligerent . there be a couple or plain-clothesmen with they . Nick I be Nick Charles . how do you do ? mimi rush up to jorgensen . mimi Chris , where have you be ? she stop as she see the other woman . one of the plain-clothesmen speak to Nick . plain-clothesman sorry we be late . but they have to break down the door . mimi bristle at this . she give the woman a wither look and walk out of the scene . Nick watch with great amusement . Nick ( to jorgensen and the woman ) wo not you come in ? the two reluctantly follow he further into the room . Nick follow they , rub he hand with delighted anticipation of the scene to follow . the camera pan with he as go to the table . the people be all seat with the exception of mimi , jorgensen and the woman with he , and Nick . nora be watch the new arrival with eager interest . Nick look at she and give she a broad wink . Nick ( turn to jorgensen ) Mr. jorgensen , you sit next to Andrew , and Mrs. jorgensen on you right . both mimi and the woman who come in with jorgensen , start for the chair which jor - gensen be hold . as they find themselves both go for the same chair , mimi draw herself up with great dignity . mimi I be Mrs. jorgensen . mimi start to sit . the woman ( drily , as she point to a empty chair across the table ) put it over there . I be Mrs. jorgensen before you be . mimi look at jorgensen , bewilder . but he refuse to meet she eye . the other woman sit down firmly in the chair . Nick , from the head of the table , call to mimi . Nick mimi .... you be here on my right . he hold she chair for she as she come and sit down . the waiter start in immediately to serve dinner . CUT to : 146 close shot : nick and nora . Nick hold nora 's chair for she . nora you give such charming party , Mr. Charles . Nick thank you , Mrs. Charles . nora sit - she whisper to Nick . nora I can not wait any longer . tell I , do you think one of they do it ? Nick yes . nora I wish you would tell I who . Nick I wish you would tell I . Nick sit down at the head of the table . CUT to : 147 medium shot : table . note : the seating of the table be as follow : Nick mimi nora quinn macaulay dorothy tanner Gilbert 1st Mrs. jorgensen morelli jorgensen marian Andy Guild Nick look up and down the table . mimi this be all very pleasant but why be here ? Nick I have get some very important news - I have see wynant . they all turn and look at he with curiosity . Guild look amaze . mimi be very compose . Guild you do ! mimi that 's nothing . I see he myself . Nick and nora exchange look . nora be be - wilder . Nick you do ... where ? mimi ( drily ) last night . he come to see I at my apartment . Nick ( with mock sincerity ) oh , do he ? what do he say ? mimi he do not say very much . want to know how I be and how the child be . Guild ( infuriate that wynant slip - ped through he finger ) what kind of clothes be he wear ? mimi a brown suit , brown shoe and a white shirt and a grayish tie with red , or reddish brown figure on it . Guild ( over he shoulder to Bob , who be stand behind he chair ) tell them . ( Bob go quickly out ) Gilbert I see he too ... he be wear a green suit with a white tie ... mimi what be you talk about , Gilbert ? you be not there ! Gilbert I know . but I see he - Guild ( to Gilbert ) where do you see he ? Gilbert I be gaze in my crystal . nora ( to waiter ) serve the nut - I mean , serve the guest the nut . Nick I be afraid you be lie , mimi . you see , I really do see wynant last night . Guild ( amaze ) be you kid ? Nick no. Guild why do not you tell I ? .... why do not you hold he ? Nick because I find out for certain that he do not commit the murder . dorothy ( sober ) he do not do it -- Nick ! macaulay ( puzzle ) ) what do you mean ? ) ) Gilbert ) together . then who do ? ) ) tanner ) do you mean to say ...? etc . ) mimi that 's ridiculous . Guild let he have he say out . Nick morelli - ( morelli jump , startle . everybody look at he ) you know Julia . be she gyp wynant ? morelli ( somewhat relieved ) she do not say she be , but I figure she be - Nick why do you say that ? morelli once I want five grand -- ( snap he finger ) Cash - Nick thank you . now I will tell you why I know wynant do not commit that murder - ( he turn to morelli ) Three month ago - the night that he catch you in Julia 's apartment , he find out that Julia be cheating he , and be split with some man . he go to find the man . that man be .... tanner , do not you ...? ( but poor tanner , think that Nick be name he as the man , spill he soup over everything . everybody turn and look suspiciously at he . Nick see that he have startle he and apologize ) I be sorry . tanner , do not you want some wine ? tanner ( turn and see the waiter in back of he ) no ... no . the waiter move on . nora ( to Nick ) you be go to drive I crazy ! Nick ( return to he subject ) let 's see ... where be I ? oh , yes . he go to find the man . that man be desperate ! he know that he be catch dead to rights -- and with prison stare he in the face , he take the only way out . he kill wynant . ( Nick turn to dorothy and speak gently , try to soften the blow ) it 's terrible to tell you this way but you father 's dead , dorothy . dorothy ( at first she cannot grasp it ) Dead ? Nick he 's be dead for three month . she break down and cry . she get up from the table . nora start to go to she . but Andy be there before she . he take dorothy in he arm , oblivious of the other people in the room and comfort she . Andy darling , do not cry . please . I know it 's terrible . but be not it really better this way ? dorothy ( put she arm around Andy ) oh , Andy , Andy ! nora come to they . nora ( to Andy ) you would better take she home . you home . Andy look over at Nick . Nick motion he to take she away . Andy come on , darling . with he arm around she , he start out of the room . dorothy cling to he as they go out . quinn get up to follow . there be a silence in the room for a minute after they go . nora ( to quinn ) if she 's go wrong now , she 's go wrong right . Nick come into the scene . Nick ( to quinn ) I do not think we need you any more now . I be deeply sorry that I spoiled you trip . quinn grab he hat and coat and bag - go out . Nick and nora return to the table . Nick come on , everybody . eat up . you be not eat . it have not affect mimi 's appetite . mimi because I do not believe that clyde 's dead ! why , you say yourself you see he last night . Nick so I do . I see he lie bury in he shop . Guild you mean that body -----? Nick -- be wynant 's . mimi perfectly absurd . Nick and the murderer be right here in this room to - night ... he 's sit at this table . ( to waiter ) you may serve the fish . the camera pan around the table ... to all the frighten face of the people . morelli jump up and start out of the door ... but he be stop by the police . morelli you be not go to pin this one on I . plain-clothesman get back there ! morelli ( sit down ) what be I ? the fall guy ? Nick ( to the table full of people ) I hope you will not let this news spoil you dinner . ( he turn to nora ) Nice food , be not it ? nora ( all eye ) it 's the best diner I ever listen to - Gilbert you be not go to keep we in the dark , be you ? tell we -- who be it ? Nick I do not know . ( there be more consternation at that ) but I think if we all have a little get-together we might be able to find out . I will tell you as much as I know . go right on eat . this murder - er be a very clever . he study this thing out very carefully . you would understand that , would not you , Gilbert ? Gilbert ( startle ) what ? yes - no - Nick he plan the whole thing beautifully . after he kill wynant he wire macaulay , use wynant 's name and tell he to shut up the shop . he destroy all of wynant 's clothes , with the ex - ception of he watch chain . he figure that some day that might come in handy . then he take wynant 's body and bury it in the shop with another man 's clothes to throw we off the track . he even put a belt buckle with a " R " on it , hop - ing that we would think it be rosebreen -- a old enemy of wynant 's who drop out of sight year ago . ( he look over at morelli ) morelli - would you mind hold you knife another way ? you be worry Gilbert . ( morelli , who have be hold he knife as if it be a dagger , give Gilbert a disdainful look , and shift he knife ) nora ( softly to Nick ) if that knife be miss , I will look for it in you back . Nick after we hero have kill wynant , he get a brilliant idea . he realize that he and Julia could still collect money . wynant be suppose to be on a trip - no one know where - so we dinner guest write letter to macaulay , signing wynant 's name , so that macaulay would continue to send the money to Julia . he even telephone macaulay -- ( to macaulay ) do you remember ?.... the first day that you come to see I ... he telephone that he be in town ? macaulay ( puzzle ) but it must have be wynant . I should have know if it be not he voice . Nick oh he as clever about that . he call when you be out . that same afternoon , Julia telephone to he . she say that you be come , mimi , to ask about wynant . he get terrify . he be afraid that Julia would break down and tell ... so he go to Julia and kill she and leave wynant 's watch chain in she hand . CUT to : 148 close shot - nick and nora . nora ( close -- whisper ) be that true ? Nick I do not know . nora why be you say it ? Nick it 's the only way it make sense . nora I hope you be well . back to : 149 medium shot of table Nick his plan be still work beautifully . wynant be establish as be in town . the watch chain be hand over .... ( with a look at mimi ) ... with a slight delay ... to the police . the only hitch be a man name nunheim who have find out something . we hero pay nunheim once to keep he mouth shut , and when nunheim threaten he again , he bump he off . CUT to : 150 close shot morelli and marian marian ( to morelli ) and I do not blame you . morelli ( terrify ) what do you say that to I for ? Guild ( to both ) shut up . back to 151 table full again - gunning down . Nick ( to the people ) you see , he would be very clever . everybody , even we astute friend Guild , think that wynant be alive and that he be the murderer . but we hero have just one weak link in he chain . the telegram , wire and telephone be all very well - but no one have see wynant . so he pick on poor mimi here to strengthen he case . mimi be the only one at the table who can tell we who the real murderer be . ( everybody look at mimi ) mimi , who be it that tell you to say you would see wynant ? mimi nobody tell I . I do see he ! Nick what do he pay you , mimi , to stick to that story ? mimi it be not a story - it 's true . I do see wynant . he 's not dead . Nick you be lie , mimi . but then , you would do anything for money . you be get a good price for say - ing you see wynant and you figure you will not get anything if he 's dead . mimi I be lot go to stay here to be insulted - ( she start to go - but stop to listen to Nick as he continue ) Nick ( to macaulay ) macaulay , you draw up wynant 's will . mimi be cut off , be not she , if she re-marry ? macaulay I have no right to answer that . Nick what about it , tanner . be not that the truth ? tanner that 's what Mr. wynant say to I . if she be - marry , all the money be to go to the child . Nick you should not let that keep you from tell truth , mimi . Mrs. jorgensen - ( he speak to the woman with jorgensen ) be you ever divorced from Chris jorgensen ? the woman no . Nick ( the bombshell burst ) so you see , mimi , under the law , you have not be - marry . you be still one of the heir . what be you hold out for ? a few crummy dollar that that man give you when you can get the whole estate ? remember the other two who be in with he on this ... Julia and nunheim . when he think they might spill something he bump they off . you ought to know damn well that he 's not go to take any chance on you . what do you want to do ? be next on he list ? mimi ( furious - to macaulay ) you dirty son of a b----- ! a crash of china drown out the end of she speech as macaulay rise to he foot . Nick be on he foot in a minute . he knock macaulay out . Guild rise and stand look - ing down in stunne amazement at macaulay . nora and all the other leap up in amaze - ment as the murderer be reveal . Nick ( to Guild ) what do you want I to do ? wrap he in cellophane ? fast fade . 152 fade in : close up - four champagne glass a small travel Victrola be play a gay tune . the glass be hold up by four hand . we dissolve through they to show the draw room of a train . dorothy and nora be sit face each other , dress in robe and loung pajamas , and Andy and Nick be sit beside they , also in robe and pajamas . Nick be pour champagne from a bottle into the four glass . the draw room be full of flower . Nick put down the bottle and hold up he glass in a toast . Nick ( speak ) to you two . Andy and to you two too . over the SOUND track we hear the train whistle go " toot-toot " at a crossing . the four raise they glass in a toast and drink . there be a buzz at the door . Andy come ! a good - nature color porter stick he head in the door and speak to Nick . porter you room 's ready , sir . Nick thanks . you can take asta now . [ ...] where asta be lie asleep . she pick he up . nora ( to asta ) you be go to you nice little bed in the baggage car . she hand the dog to the porter . as the por - ter be start out , he see dorothy 's bridal bouquet in the bracket in the corner of the draw room . porter ( to dorothy , point to the bridal bouquet ) shall I keep they fresh for you ? dorothy please , if you will . the porter take the flower and asta and go out . there be a pause . simultaneously , Andy and Nick sneak a look at the wrist watch . Andy look up and catch Nick look at he . Nick be embarrassed but determine to call nora 's attention to the late hour . Nick might as well set it ahead now . Nick start to set he watch . nora lean over , be startle to see how late it be . nora gracious ! one o'clock . we would better go . she lean over dorothy and kiss she affectionately . nora good night . dorothy cling to nora for a minute . dorothy I can never thank you enough for all you have do . nora ( affectionately ) forget it . Nick ( to Andy and dorothy ) goodnight . goodnight . there be mingle " good night " as Nick and nora go out the door . as soon as the door close , Andy take dorothy in he arm . Andy ( smile -- shy ) I think they would never leave . he kiss dorothy affectionately . CUT to : 153 nick and nora' drawing room . Nick be close the door of they room . as soon as it snap shut .... they be in each other 's arm . Nick ( smile ... but not shy ) I think you would never leave . they kiss . CUT to : 154 baggage car -- panning on porter . as he enter , asta on one arm , flower in the other . he be about to put asta down on the blanket for the night when he stop -- look o.s . camera pan over to show another dog of the same breed as asta in a small crate . the dog be look up at asta eager - ly . and asta 's ear go up and he tail begin to wag as he anticipate the possi - bility of a transcontinental romance . porter ( get it ) asta -- meet fifi -- and he put asta into the crate with fifi .... place the bridal bouquet on top of the crate ... turn and shuffles out as we be -- fading out . - the end - screenplay by france goodrich and Albert hackett base on the novel by dashiell hammett geovisit ( ) ;