the talented mr . ripley screenplay by ANTHONY minghella base on the novel by patricia highsmith 1st November 1999 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " scene omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . 1958 prologue : int . ripley's cabin . evening . fade up on ripley , as in the final scene of the film , sit , desolate in a ship 's cabin . the camera rotate around he face , which begin in light and end in darkness . ripley ( o/s ) < i > if I could just go back . if I could rub everything out . start with myself . start with borrow a jacket . </ i> ext . central park west terrace . early evening . ripley be at the piano , accompany fran , a young soprano . credit begin . fran ( sing ) < i > ah , such fleeting paradise such innocent delight to love , be love , a lullabye , then silence . </ i > the song finish . applause . they be the entertainment at a cocktail party to celebrate a silver wedding anniversary . some partygoer congratulate Fran on she performance . a distinguished look man , push he wife in a wheelchair , approach ripley , offer he hand . herbert greenleaf most enjoyable . Herbert greenleaf . ripley Tom ripley . thank you , sir . herbert greenleaf ( point at ripley 's borrow jacket ) I see you be at Princeton . then you will most likely know we son , Dick . dickie greenleaf ... emily greenleaf we could not help notice you jacket . herbert greenleaf yes . emily greenleaf class of ' 56 ? ripley ( hesitate ) how be dickie ? int . elevator open out into lobby . early evening . Fran , ripley , Mr and Mrs greenleaf and other emerge from a elevator . Emily talk to Fran , Herbert to ripley . emily greenleaf ( to Fran ) I hope you will come and see we ... fran that 's very kind . emily greenleaf both of you ... herbert greenleaf of course , dickie 's idea of music be Jazz . he have a saxophone . to my ear Jazz be just noise , just a insolent noise . ext . central park west . early evening . ripley shake hand with Herbert greenleaf as he get into he roll royce . they be make a appointment . ripley cross the street to Fran , peck she cheek . she hand he he share of they fee . ripley gotta run . I be so late . ( he hand Fran 's boyfriend the jacket he 's be wear ) thanks for the jacket . boyfriend sure . thanks for fill in for I . from greenleaf 's point of view he see a couple embrace . emily greenleaf darling couple , be not they ? herbert greenleaf yes . a exceptional young man . from another vantage point ripley hurry on as Fran get into she boyfriend 's car . a piano quartet start up . ext . theater . evening . ripley run past the drove of arrive concert - goer and head for the theater . Music continue . int . men' room , theater . night . the interval : a thick mass of man in tuxedoe groom themselves at the basin . ripley turn on faucet , offer towel , brushes off dandruff . Men talk over , round , and through he . put coin in a bowl . int . a BOX at the theater . night the concert continue . ripley peer through the curtain at the performance . a haughty woman in the box turn round and he close the curtain . int . backstage . 1:30 a.m. a empty auditorium . ripley play bach in the blue ghostlight . a caretaker emerge from he round , flip on the house light . ripley jerk up from he play , wave apologetically . ripley sorry , sorry . I know . sorry . ext . greenleaf shipyard , brooklyn . day . greenleaf and ripley walk through one of the drydock . a huge void in the shape of a boat , swarm with worker prepare the shell of a new liner . if Central Park be where the money be spend , this be clearly where it 's make . and a lot of it . worker nod deferentially to the man with he name over the building behind they . herbert greenleaf mongibello . tiny place . South of naple . marge , he uh , the young lade be supposedly write some kind of book . God know what he do . by all account they spend the whole time on the beach . or he sailboat . that 's my son 's talent , spend he allowance . ripley , in he green corduroy jacket the very model of a sober young man , listen attentively . herbert greenleaf ( cont would ) could you ever conceive of go to Italy , Tom , persuade my son to come home ? ( ripley look doubtful ) I would pay you . I would pay you 1000 dollar . ripley I have always want to go to Europe , sir , but ... herbert greenleaf good . now you can go for a reason . int . ripley's apartment , new york . day . a vinyl record revolve in close up . a exuberant and mysterious voice be scat sing . Wild . then the sound slide into a raucous big band jazz number : dizzy gillespie 's < i> the champ < / i>. a hand eject the record . when the camera find the man 's face it be blindfolded . he 's hot . he 's wear a undershirt . he 's try to identify the recording . ripley ( o/ S ) I do not know . Count basie ? Duke ellington . I do not know . Count basie . the man pull of the blindfold , examine the record cover of the disc he 's be try to learn , need to put on glass to do so , be irritate by he mistake . he eject the record . a pile of other jazz record be strewn across a cluttere table which include classical sheet music and a paper keyboard . one hand idly mime at the key . int . ripley's apartment . day . another song for ripley to identify be on the gramophone . Chet Baker 's < i> my funny Valentine < / i>. Signs everywhere of pack . a suitcase . book about Italy . ripley pace in this basement room , which be bathroom , kitchen , live room and bedroom all in one . tiny , tidy , squalid and sad . the window give onto bar and a wall . ripley do not even know if this be a man or a woman . there 's a violent row go on in the room above he head . he flinch . int . ripley's apartment . day . ripley , shine he shoe , pack almost do , be testing himself on another piece of music . free jazz saxophone : Charlie parker 's < i> koko < / i>. he listen hard , recognize the track . ripley that 's Charlie parker . Bird . he skip over to the gramophone , check the record . he 's right , he smile . int . ripley's apartment . day . ripley study a old photograph of dickie greenleaf in a Princeton yearbook . he shove the book in a bag , pick up he suitcase and take a last look around the dingy apartment before close the door behind he . ext . ripley's apartment . day . ripley haul he luggage up the stair and into the sunlight . he be meet at the top of the stair by Mr greenleaf 's chauffeur . chauffeur here . I will take that . ripley thanks . caretaker ( nodd towards the apartment ) that thousand buck should come in handy . ripley yes , sir . chauffeur ( interupt ripley , who be about to open the car door ) I will get that . ripley thanks . chauffeur ( as he hold open the door for ripley ) sir. ( ripley laugh excitedly ) you be gonna have a great trip . Mr greenleaf be personal friend with the cunard people . int . herbert greenleafx car . day . ripley luxuriate in the back of the greenleaf limousine . he open up a envelope he 's carry with greenleaf stationery . Inside a first class cunard ticket , some traveler 's check and dollar . chauffeur I can tell you . the greenleaf name open a lot of door . ext . queen mary , manhattan skyline . day . the liner leave New York en route to Italy . end credit . int . naple harbor , custom &amp ; immigration hall . day . italy . brilliant sunshine . the Queen Mary have just dock . passenger can be see disembark through the huge window . come from the first class gangway they be greet , escort , fuss over into the hall . they bag have be unload ahead of they , and be now be sort in the hall under the initial of they owner . stand with the letter of the alphabet chalked on they be dot about , and trunk and suitcase of all shape and size form small hill around they . ripley enter and a italian porter approach , want he name . < i> ripley . ripley . ripley ! </ i> he repeat in the hubbub and join the crowd around the letter R. a strike young woman ( meredith ) be nearby . she notice he . ripley proceed to the custom area , where he 's hold in a line as a large suitcase be open and searched . meredith catch up with he . her luggage a mountain next to he . meredith what 's you secret ? ripley Excuse I ? meredith no , it 's just - you be american , be not you ? - no , I just , I have so much luggage , and you be so , uh , streamline . it 's humiliate . ripley shrug . now they be open a second case of the passenger ahead . hard not to converse . meredith ( cont would ) I be meredith , by the way . meredith randall . ripley dickie , dickie greenleaf . hello . meredith hello . they be pass through immigration , head down the long stair towards the street . meredith catch up with ripley . meredith ( cont would ) you be not the ship greenleaf 's ? ripley ( think quickly ) try not to be . try to jump ship . meredith so now , do they put you suitcase in the wrong pile ? it 's just - upstairs - be not you under the R stand ? I think I see you there . ripley my father want I in New York . he build boat . I would rather sail they . I travel under my mother 's name . meredith which be ? ripley Emily . ( meredith 's bewilder ) just kid . meredith the funny thing be , I be not randall either . I be logue . ripley ( nod , recognize the name ) as in the ...? meredith as in the textile logue . try to shrug off the dress . I travel under my mother 's name , too . ripley randall . meredith right . they have arrive at a crossroad on the stair - graphic sign explain the choice : one way for bus , taxis and exit - the other for train : roma , venezia , milano . they be go in different direction . meredith ( cont would ) ( offer she hand ) so - partner in disguise . ( look at the sign ) bye . ext . coastal road from naple . late afternoon . a bus roll around a coastal road cut into the side of a cliff , mountain above , blue sea below . int . bus . late afternoon . ripley sit surround by teeming life . the bus slow at a new town . people get off . int / exterior . bus arrive mongibello . late day . later , the day end . ripley look out as they continue on they journey . arrive at a small fishing port they wind down through a square , pass the local church . ext . mongibello , fisherman' wharf . late day . and then the bus be in the heart of a wharf . on one side there 's evidence of the fisherman 's life , net , old man work . opposite there 's a tiny cafe spilling out onto the street , young guy hang out , play table football , lounge on they vespas . the Driver chant - driver mongibello ! ripley get out , lug he case , as the bus continue on its way . he look around he . he feel completely foreign . ext . miramare HOTEL / boat at sea . morning . a sailboat have sly into he view , now drop anchor , drop the sail . a couple dive off and swim towards shore . all of this be from the point of view of ripley , who 's watch the event through binocular from he tiny balcony in the miramare Hotel . a italian vocabulary Book be perch on he knee and , during this , he continue he study , mouth the italian word . ripley ( look at a long , lean girl about to dive ) La fidanzata a una faccia . the fianc 's have a face . La fidanzata e marge . her partner , dickie greenleaf , dive too . they be brown , beautiful , perfect . ripley notice the name of the boat : " bird " . ripley ( cont would ) questo e la mia faccia ..... the golden couple emerge from the sea . dickie shake off the water , grin . ripley ( cont would ) this be my face . he double - check himself with the vocabulary book . ripley ( cont would ) questa ...e la mia faccia . questa e la faccia di dickie . ext . mongibello . day . ripley emerge from one of the beach cabin , and stand on the edge of the sand on a wooden walkway . he 's wear a tiny lime - GREEN bathing suit . he loathes beach . a couple of boy turn laconically and watch he . ripley put on he shoe and scurries to the sea . he feel ridiculous , he skin alabaster against the brown body . finally , the shame be too great and he pull off he shoe and dash to the water , where he luxuriate in the coolness of it before wading out of the sea , and walk straight up to dickie . ripley dickie greenleaf ? dickie squint at ripley , who hold he shoe , lamely . dickie who 's this ? ripley it 's tom. Tom ripley . we be at Princeton together . dickie okay . ( he sit up ) and do we know each other ? ripley well , I know you , so I suppose you must have know I . dickie ( to marge ) Princeton be like a fog , America 's like a fog . ( to ripley ) this be marge sherwood . Tom - sorry , what be it ? ripley ripley . hullo . how do you do . marge how do you do . dickie what be you do in mongi ? ripley nothing . nothing much . pass through . dickie ( find this idea absurd ) pass through ! you be so white . do you ever see a guy so white , marge ? Gray , actually . ripley it 's just a undercoat . ( marge laugh ) dickie say again ? ripley you know , a primer . dickie that 's funny . he share some intimacy with marge , make she laugh . ripley stand as they wrestle around he . marge look up . marge you should come and have lunch with we , before you go - dickie ? dickie sure . any time . marge and be careful in the sun . you gray 's in danger of turn a little pink . ripley thanks . well , a coincidence . ext . mongibello . early morning . another day . Church bell ringing . dickie , dress in short , come bump up the cobble path towards the square on he motorscooter . he stop by a steep flight of step . ripley , a book in hand , unseen , walk up a hill , catch all this and , intrigue , watch as a young italian beauty , silvana , have a spikey , flirtatious exchange with dickie , then climb on the scooter , behind he . dickie I have be look for you everywhere . silvana ah , today you be look for I . and where have you be the rest of the week ? pig. with you american girl ? I hate you , you know ? dickie what ? silvana I hate you . and ripley watch they as they rattle down the hill towards the sea . ext . marge' house . afternoon . dickie appear in marge 's garden , the sea behind he head . marge be sit at she outside table surround by some of the remnant of lunch . dickie 's sheepish , shower , late . dickie sorry , sorry , sorry . I know , I be late , I be a swine . marge do you forget where I live ? it 's four o'clock . dickie I just wake up . I be sorry . marge you just wake up ! dickie fausto and I - we take the boat out , we be fishing , and then it be dawn and we would catch absolutely nothing . marge well , we eat everything without you . dickie we ? marge yes , Tom ripley 's here . as ripley appear with the tray to collect more dish . dickie who ? oh , Tom , hello , how be you ? we think you would disappear . we be go to send out a search party . ripley no , still here . marge Tom be tell I about he trip over . make I laugh so much I get a nosebleed . dickie be that good ? marge shut up ! marge flick he with a napkin . they start to wrestle , exclude Tom . ripley I be intrude . dickie can you mix a martini ? ripley ( hesitant ) sure . marge ( go inside ) I will do it . I make a fabulous martini . dickie everybody should have one talent . ( to ripley ) what 's yours ? ripley ( without a beat ) forge signature . telling lie . impersonate practically anybody . dickie ( enjoy this banter ) that 's three . nobody should have more than one talent . okay , do a impression . ripley now ? okay . wait a minute . talent - ( he voice age , he face change ) < i> the only talent my son have be for cash he allowance . </ i > dickie ( absolutely throw ) what ? what 's this ? ripley < i> I like to sail , believe I , I love to sail ! instead I make boat and other people sail they . </ i> dickie ( incredibly impressed ) stop ! it 's too much ! you be make all the hair on my neck stand up ! ripley ( relishing it ) < i> Jazz , let 's face it , it 's just a insolent noise . </ i> dickie I feel like he 's here . horrible . like the old bastard be here right now ! that 's brilliant ! how do you know he ? ripley I meet he in New York . dickie marge ! you have get to hear this ! marge ( return with the drink ) what ? what ? dickie meet my father , Herbert Richard greenleaf 1st . ripley < i> pleasure to meet you , dickie 's make a fine catch . I know Emily think so . </ i > marge what 's go on ? dickie uncanny ! marge I do not get it . ripley < i> could you ever conceive of go there , Tom , and bring he back ? </ i> dickie what ? ripley < i> I would pay you . if you would go to Italy and persuade my son to come home . I would pay you $ 1000 . < / i> int / ext . mongibello church and square . dusk . a christen be over and now the whole village be pour out of Church for the < i>passeggiata < / i> in Sunday best . Girls arm in arm parade . boy arm in arm evaluate . New baby be compare and fuss over . Old people smoke , talk , shrug . dickie be walk with ripley , seethe about he father 's scheme . dickie I be never go back . to actually hire somebody to come all the way here to drag I back home - get to be insane , have not he ? silvana come out of church arm in arm with a man , she fiancee , as part of a foursome which include dickie 's pal fausto . silvana 's eye flick towards dickie , otherwise there 's no acknowledgement as they all greet each other . dickie introduce Tom , then they move on . dickie ( cont would ) I be never go back ! ripley no , I think you mother , she illness - dickie it 's get nothing to do with my mother ! she 's have leukemia for - ! this be what make I boil about he ! he want I back ! - it 's get nothing to do with my mother . ripley I do not know , dickie , I be just tell you what I - dickie ( interrupt ) go back ! go back to New York or call he if you can find a telephone that work , and tell he wild horse would not drag I back to he or he shipyard . ext . dickie' house , mongibello . afternoon . ripley appear , with he meagre luggage at dickie 's front door . he 's carry he tote bag under he arm , the bottom of which seem to be unstitch and hold together only by he finger . marge be on the terrace , she look down to see Tom talk with dickie . marge hi Tom . dickie ( look up ) marge , ripley 's say goodbye . marge I will come down . dickie ( to ripley ) do you speak to my father ? ripley you be right about the telephone . there be no line , there 's some problem . marge ( come out of the front door ) hello Tom . you be off ? what be you plan ? ripley back , I suppose , slowly as I can . he go to shake she hand and as he release the tote bag the seam split and record spill to the ground , scatter . he bend down , start gather they up . marge help . ripley ( cont would ) oh , damn , sorry , this bag 's - dickie 's delighted when he see the Jazz title . dickie you like jazz ! ripley ( gather up the record ) I < i>love < / i> jazz . dickie ( hold up a Chet Baker ) this be the best . marge say she like jazz , but she thing Glenn Miller be jazz . marge I never say that ! ripley Bird . that 's jazz . dickie Bird ! ask I the name of my sailboat - ripley I do not know . what 's the name of you sailboat ? dickie < i> Bird ! < / i> marge which be ridiculous . boat be female , everyone know you can not call a boat after a man . ripley he 's not a man , he 's a god . dickie ( excited ) okay , we be go to naple . there 's a club , it 's not a club , it 's a cellar . marge it 's vile . dickie yes , it 's vile . do not worry , you do not have to come . ( to ripley ) it 's great . you be go to love it . int . jazz club , naple . night . a cavern blue with smoke . a surprisingly good quintet blast out they version of < i>moanin '< / i>. dickie and ripley arrive and make they way to a table where fausto be sit with friend . it 's too noisy for conversation , but dickie shout introduction and they shake ripley 's hand . dickie be instantly absorb in the music , ripley absorb in dickie . a attractive italian girl , dahlia , come over , kiss dickie , pull off he hat , put it on , there 's no room for she to sit , so she sit on dickie 's lap , smoking he cigarette . dickie raise he eyebrow at Tom , but it 's clearly no hardship . then the band strike up the intro to < i> tu vuo ' fa ' L'Americano < / i> - a hit which reflect the current craze for all thing american - and fausto pull a protest dickie up onto the stage . fausto ( improvise in italian ) < i> lady and gentlemen . dickie greenleaf , all the way from America ... etc . </ i> fausto start to sing . dickie join in the chorus . everybody clap . dickie talk off-mic to fausto . fausto ( cont would ) < i > and a big round of applause for a new friend from New York - Tom ripley ! < / i > ripley 's mortify , but dickie jump off the stage and pull he up . the song continue and now , at the chorus , it 's dickie and ripley who have to sing . ripley , of course , can sing well , if not confident in this arena . soon the audience be clap , stand on table , dance , dahlia prominent . dickie ( o/s ) ( read ) < i> I have bump into a old friend from Princeton - a fellow name Tom ripley . he say he 's go to haunt I until I agree to come back to New York with he ... </ i> int . dickie' house . noon . dickie , in he new dress gown , be sit at the table , type . ripley 's head emerge from behind the couch on which he have be enjoy a blissful sleep . dickie ( grin ) good afternoon ! ripley what time be it ? ( put on he glass and check he watch ) oh God ! do you always type you letter ? ( point at the letter ) that should be two ts . dickie I can not write and I can not spell . that 's the privilege of a first - class education . you be upstairs at the back . I think ermelinda make the bed up . ripley this be so good of you . dickie do not say it again . now you be a double agent and we be go to string my dad alone , I be think we might buy a little car with the expense money he 's send you . what do you think , marge ... a little cinquecento with my dad 's money ? marge have appear , carry camparis . marge dickie , you can not even drive a car ! no , what we need urgently be a icebox . what do you think , Tom ? agree with I and I will be you friend for life . ripley I absolutely agree with marge . int . dickie' house , upstair . day . ripley locate he room , put down he luggage in what be a comfortable and simple room , then head back downstairs only to be tempt by the open door of dickie 's bedroom . int . dickie' bedroom . day . ripley explore the casual elegance of dickie 's bedroom - the Louis vuitton chest , the closet 's open door spilling out shirt , tie . on the dress table there be toiletry , cufflink scattered , a silk tie . ripley pick up the tie and walk towards the open window below which be a terrace where lunch be be laid . marge and dickie be chat . shred of conversation float up to ripley . dickie it will just be for a little while . he can be ... he make I laugh . marge okay , darling . dickie you would say if you mind ? marge no , I like he . dickie marge , you like everybody . marge I do not like you . dickie then I will go to you place and you can move in with Tom . above they , ripley repeat this phrase , carefully , testing the cadence , < i> no , I like he . marge , you like everybody , </ i> until he 's as accurate as a taperecorder . ext . terrace of dickie' house . day . ermelinda be clear away lunch . ripley be change and sit at the table with marge while dickie work on the coffee . ripley watch he , study everything : the way he use the expresso machine , the way he wear no sock , he pants , he ring . dickie now you know why miss sherwood always show up for breakfast . it 's not love it 's the coffee machine . marge it 's the one task dickie can do on he own - make coffee . dickie shut up . marge oh darling - be that for I ? dickie no it 's for Tom as he do not complain . ripley ( as dickie hand he he cup ) that ring 's so great . the green one . marge ( delighted ) Tom , I love you ! ( to dickie ) see ! ( to ripley ) I buy it for he , for he birthday . ripley it 's superb . dickie I have to promise , capital p , never to take it off - otherwise I would give it to you . marge ( flick a crumb at he ) bastard ! ( to ripley ) be not it great , Tom ? I find it in naple . I bargain for about two week . dickie I hope it be not cheap . marge oh , it be . ripley ( to marge ) I have to find a birthday present for france . perhaps you can help I ? marge france ? ripley my fiancÈe . dickie you be a dark horse , ripley . engage ? ripley you parent meet she . dickie oh God - I can just imagine - < i> if only dickie would settle down ... do not every parent deserve a grandchild ? </ i> never ! I swear on you ring , marge . I be never go back . ext . bird sailboat . day . the Bird be sailing off the coast of mongibello . there 's a manoeuvre go on with the sail . Captain dickie supervise he crew of marge and a painfully awkward anxious - to - please ripley . dickie go over to help he . ripley I be do this wrong , be not I ? dickie you be do great . we will make a sailor of you yet . you be do really well . marge dubious but special honor , Tom - crewing dickie 's boat . alright , bar 's open . dickie yes please ! she head for the cabin . dickie settles down beside ripley . ripley could we sail to Venice ? dickie sure . I love Venice . ripley I have to go to Venice . dickie see Venice and die , be not that right ? or be it Rome ? you do something and die , do not you ? okay , Venice be on the list . ripley and Rome . dickie do you ski ? ( ripley frown ) do not tell I - you be a lose cause ! that 's the next thing to deal with . we be plan to go to cortina at Christmas . excellent ski . excellent . ( as marge reappear ) marge - ripley can not ski . we will have to teach he that , too . have you ever know such low class ? marge poor Tom . good thing we be not get marry . we might have to invite he on we honeymoon . ext . mongibello . late day . marge and ripley be on a shopping expedition . they walk down the hill towards the grocery shop , next to the bar in the little square . ripley have ask marge how she and dickie meet . marge oh I hate New York - that Park Avenue crowd - so I fle to Paris to work on my book , and I be always go to this cafe with jean-Jacques , and dickie use to play he saxophone outside and I would see he and he would see I , and he would play < i > my funny Valentine . </ i> it be only later that I realise he only know about six song . they have arrive at the grocery store . alessandra , the woman who own the store greet they . silvana , who 's she daughter , be also there , and less comfortable . she wait for marge 's order . marge ( cont would ) ( to silvana , in italian ) < i> buono Sera , silvana . por favore : arance e pane , e del prosciutto . </ i> silvana < i>e fichi ? come sempre ? </ i> marge < i> Si . come sempre . grazie . </ i> silvana go inside for the meat and bread . marge frown . marge ( cont would ) ( back to ripley ) anyway , then one day , we go in , I see dickie , he start play < i > my funny Valentine , < / i> and then all of a sudden he just walk into the cafe , right in front of Jean - Jacques , and grab I ! now I have never speak to he in my life - he say < i > I be go to Italy , tomorrow , and I want you to come with I .</ i> so I do . at the edge of the square there 's a bocce area , where man throw metal ball along a track , aim to get close to a small cue . dickie be there , play intensely with fausto and two other guy , one of whom we have see before with silvana . ripley and marge loop back towards home , take in the bocce en route . dickie wave . they wave back . marge call to he . marge ( cont would ) if you be not at my place by 7.00 , Tom and I be run off together . dickie okay . ext . marge' house . early evening . dickie and ripley be leave . they be fool around . dickie jump on ripley 's shoulder . marge watch from the top of the garden . ext . mongibello square . early evening . dickie and ripley , still horsing about , pass silvana 's grocery store . dickie dismount , go over to silvana , who 's tense , a little troubled . they huddle , ripley isolate . silvana do you get my message ? I want to talk to you . dickie I want to talk to you too ... smile for I . and dickie 's already go , back to ripley feint to box he then dance , satyr - like , down the hill . ext . coastal road to naple . evening . dickie and ripley on the vespa . there 's a steep incline where the road wind down towards naple and , as the vespa gain speed , ripley be happy to cling to dickie . dickie you be break my rib ! ripley what ? dickie you be break my rib ! int . jazz club , naple . night . ripley 's really sing , carry the burden of < i > my funny Valentine < / i> in a flawless imitation of Chet Baker . dickie be play some sax . after a verse , there 's spontaneous applause . dickie , impressed beam at ripley . int . dickie' house . night . a new icebox , incongruous in pride of place in the live room , cast its glow on a delighted dickie as he pull out a couple of beer , hand one to ripley who be paging through he copy of the collect Works of Shakespeare . dickie I could fuck this icebox I love it so much . ( consider ripley ) what be you actually do in New York ? ripley I play piano in a few place . dickie that 's one job , you tell I a lot of job . ripley a few place - that 's a few job . anyway , I do not want to think about New York . dickie the mysterious Mr ripley . marge and I spend hour speculate . ( drink ) cold beer . thank you dad . ripley copy out from here ... he hand the book to dickie , point out the line . dickie ( stare to write on the back of a postcard ) I love the fact you bring Shakespeare with you and no clothes . ermelinda say you wash the same shirt out every night . be that true ? ripley no ! I have get more than one shirt ! dickie she can do that stuff for you . anyway , just wear some of my thing , wear anything you want , most of it 's ancient . ( he 's finish write ) ripley now you signature . ( watch he write ) not " dickie " . you signature . dickie write he signature at the bottom of the postcard . ripley study the write , take off he glass to clean they . dickie look at he . dickie without the glass you be not even ugly . ( take they , try they on ) I do not need they because I never read . how do I look . ripley like Clark Kent . ( take they back , put they on beam at dickie ) now superman . dickie cuff he . ripley look down at the postcard . dickie I know . I write like a child . ripley pretty vile . see this : the S and the T , do you see ? - fine , vulnerable - that 's pain , that 's secret pain . dickie it must be a deep secret , cause I do not know about it . ripley you handwrite - nothing more naked . see - nothing 's quite touch the line - that 's vanity . dickie ( flatter ) well we certainly know that 's true . int . dickie' bathroom . night . dickie 's in the bath . ripley , dress , sit on the stool next to the bath . they be in the middle of play chess , the board propped on the bath tray . ripley put he hand in the water , check the temperature . he turn on the faucet for a burst of hot . ripley be absurdly happy . he pour some wine . dickie do you have any brother ? ripley no , no brother , no sister . dickie I neither . nor do marge . all only child - what do that mean ? he look at ripley who look at he , a little too long . ripley means we never share a bath . I be cold . can I get in ? dickie no ! ripley I do not mean with you in it . dickie ( stand ) okay , you get in . I be like a prune anyway . he get out , walk past ripley , who do not turn around . but dickie 's reflect in the mirror . ripley look , then dickie turn , hold he look momentarily before flick he with he towel . int / ext . american express office , naple . day . a official be study dickie 's passport photograph . it 's not a recent picture . the official look suspicious . dickie be use to it . dickie it be I . it 's a old picture . ( sigh at ripley ) every time - ' be it you ? do not look like you ' . he 's signing for he allowance . he have a smart document case with he initial prominently emboss . ripley watch he sign and collect a large wad of note . clerk letter - < i> greenleaf , < / i > and for < i> ripley . </ i> ripley collect and study he mail . as they walk outside he hold up one letter to dickie . ripley fran. ( anticipate she letter ) < i> I miss you , where be you come home ? stop tell I what a great time you be have , how you love dickie ... and marge and ...< / i> ( the next letter ) and this one , I think , be you dad ... int . train to rome . day . ripley sit read the letter from Herbert greenleaf . he frown , stop read , look out of the window . dickie what do he say ? ripley he 's get impatient . he want I to reassure he you will be home by Thanksgiving . dickie you have get to get a new jacket . really . you must be sick of the same clothes . I be sick of see you in they . ripley I can not . I can not keep spend you father 's money . dickie I love how responsible you be . my dad should make you Chief accountant or something . let I buy you a jacket . there 's a great place when we get to Rome , batistoni . ripley love this idea and mouth the word , " batistoni " . dickie ( cont would ) andiamo a roma . we be take Tom to roma ! ext . arcari be cafe , piazza navona , rome . day . ripley and dickie sit outside at a Cafe in the piazza navona . very smart , very sophisticated , very young crowd . there be already several empty coffee cup and a half empty bottle of frascati . ripley have he guide book out and be incredibly impatient . dickie , meanwhile , have stretch out for the duration . ripley where do we find a carozza for the Forum , or can we hire any of they - ? dickie relax . ripley it 's just there 's so much to do in a single day . dickie relax . the most important question be where to eat . I hope freddie make a reservation . ripley freddie ? dickie freddie mile . you know - he 's organize the cortina ski trip . ripley hate the idea of have this special day invade . a horn make he look up as freddie mile illegally park he open top sport car opposite the cafe , see dickie and bustles over . he 's a heavy - set american with a reddish crewcut . ripley find he disgusting to look at . dickie be delighted . dickie ( cont would ) frederico ! freddie ciao bello . ( notice a beautiful woman in a open-topped car ) do not you want to fuck every woman you see . just once . they kiss cheek , continental - style . dickie this be Tom ripley . freddie mile . freddie ( mugging ) hey , if I be late , think what she husband 's say ! he fill dickie 's glass with wine and drink it stand up . freddie ( cont would ) so let 's go . I get we a table outside at fabrizio 's . and dickie 's up , leave ripley to pick up all the tiny check to work out the bill and pay it . dickie I will tell you - I be so cabin-crazy with mongi . freddie and dickie link arm italian - style and cross the street to freddie 's car . freddie I know . I be there . ( look back to see ripley struggle to settle the check ) Tommy ! it 's s.r.o . two seater . stand room only . chop , chop , Tommy ! ripley , abandon , go over . there 's no room in the car . he have to crouch in the rear . freddie ( cont would ) you be go to have to sit between we . but do not put you shoe on the seat , know what I mean , put they one on top of the other . okay ? int . a jazz record store . late afternoon . this record store be hide away down a cobble alley , and stuff with the trendiest Roman , all of whom rifle the stack under a fog of cigarette smoke . there be two listening booths , one of which have freddie and dickie cramme into it , share a set of headphone . ripley stand outside the booth , hold both of they jacket like a manservant , while inside and behind the glass door they chat animatedly . he look longingly at the street , where the light be fade . dickie catch he hangdog expression and push open the accordion door . dickie look , Tom , we have get to go to a club and meet some friend of freddie 's . the best thing be - if you want to be a tourist - grab a cab and we can meet up at the railway station . ripley ( absolutely crestfallen ) what club ? dickie freddie 's arrange it with some of the ski crowd . come if you want but I think you want to see the Forum ...? ripley I do . and then maybe get the jacket and what have you ... freddie ( from inside the booth ) Dick - you have get to hear this ! dickie ( oblivious to ripley 's pain ) listen , just take one of mine when we get back . do not worry about it . I do the Forum with marge and , frankly , once be enough in anyone 's life . ripley hand he the coat , turn away . dickie ciao . have fun . ripley head for the door , then come back , rap on the booth . dickie push it open . ripley you say to make sure you do not miss the train . it leave at eight . ext . the capitol . late afternoon . ripley hike up Michelangelo 's arcoeli step . then he 's look down from the campodoglio at the Forum below . then he 's walk by the oversize fragment of the colossus . this be the real ripley , the lover of beauty , inspire by art , by antiquity . he 's awed . he 's cold . he so much wish he be not alone . int . rome railway station . night . it 's past eight , ripley stand , one foot on the guard step of the naple train , wait forlornly for dickie , then give up as the train pull away . he pull the door to he compartment close , and sit inside the train alone . int . dickie' bedroom . night . there 's music play , Bing crosby 's " May I " . very loud . ripley dance to the mirror , spectacle abandoned and dressed as dickie in he tuxedo , minus trouser . he adjust he hair , catch one of dickie 's expression . there be clothes abandon everywhere . he 's be have a big dress - up session . he sing along with Bing . dickie ( o/s ) what be you do ? ripley turn , horrify , to see dickie stand in the doorway . the music thump away . ripley oh - just amusing myself . sorry , dickie. ( pause ) I do not think you be come back . dickie turn off the record player . dickie I wish you would get out of my clothes . ripley start undress , he finger clumsy with mortification and shock . dickie look at he foot , shake he head . dickie ( cont would ) shoe too ? ripley ( lame , ashamed ) you say I could pick out a jacket and I just ... sorry . dickie get undress in you own room , would you ? ripley I think you would miss the train . dickie freddie drive I back in he car . ripley ( horrify ) be freddie here ? dickie he 's downstairs . ripley I be just fool around . do not say anything . sorry . dickie let he leave and then sit amongst the debris of the dress - up session , not amused . ext . dickie' terrace . day . ripley come down , apprehensive , to find marge and dickie and freddie have a jolly breakfast on the terrace . dickie look perfectly happy . marge hi , Tom . come join we . freddie I want this job of yours , Tommy . I be just say - you live in Italy , sleep in dickie 's house , eat dickie 's food , wear he clothes , and he father pick up the tab . if you get bored , let I know , I will do it ! ext . the ocean , aboard the bird . day . the boat be drift . freddie and dickie and marge be swim , then marge climb back onto the boat , where ripley be sit alone , read . marge you really should go in , it 's marvellous . ripley I be fine . she approach he , conscious of he isolation . she 's in a red bikini , and she towel herself dry as they speak . marge be you okay ? ripley sure . they watch dickie and freddie fool around in the water . marge the thing with dickie - it 's like the sun shine on you and it 's glorious , then he forget you and it 's very very cold . ripley so I be learn . marge he 's not even aware of it . when you have get he attention you feel like you be the only person in the world . that 's why everybody love he . other time ... there 's a yell from dickie as freddie wrestle with he . dickie ( laugh and choke ) he 's drown I ! marge it 's always the same whenever someone new come into he life - freddie , fausto , Peter Smith - kingsley - he 's wonderful - do you meet he , he 's a musician ? - ... and especially you , of course ... and that 's only the boy . they watch as freddie push dickie under the surface . marge ( cont would ) tell I , why be it when man play they always play at kill each other ...? I be sorry about cortina by the way . ripley what about cortina ? marge do not Dick say ? - he talk to freddie ... apparently it 's not go to work out - ( ripley 's devastate , marge notice , can not look at he ) freddie say there be not enough room . ext . ocean , aboard the bird . dusk . later and now the boat be sailing again . ripley be sit in he spot . dickie and freddie be at the tiller . dickie come on , frederico , do you really have to go back ? at least stick around for the Festival of the madonna . freddie I do not think so . come back with I to Rome . there 's this great new club . have some drink , lotta lady ... marge , still in she bikini , disappear into the cabin . dickie make a face at freddie . dickie do you think you can steer this thing ? freddie sure . dickie just point she at capri and avoid the rock . freddie what be you do ? dickie marge-maintenance . freddie aye , aye . dickie head towards the cabin . freddie take over the tiller . there 's a breeze and the sailboat cut through the water . from where ripley sit he can see capri in the distance , but he can also look down into the cabin , its porthole offer he a restrict view . he look down and there 's a flash of flesh , then nothing . then as the boat swing with the wave , he glimpsis the bikini top flung over a chair , and then marge 's bare foot kick out rhythmically , the red-paint toe strain . ripley 's mesmerize , arouse , and absolutely betrayed . freddie ( cont would ) Tommy - how 's the peeping ? come on Tommy , you be look . Tommy Tommy Tommy . shame , ripley look away . he stare at the water , parting before the boat , its turmoil reflect he . ext . dickie' mooring . day . the Bird return to the moor by dickie 's House . dickie as ever Captain of the ship , clamber around , shouting instruction , with ripley , marge and freddie as crew . ripley look back at shore . silvana stand watch , stare . dickie notice she too . ext . mongibello slipway . late day . a woman' head suddenly break the surface of the water . it 's a statue of the virgin Mary , life size , adorn with flower and a lace veil . as she be reveal , wooden , stare , four man emerge , lift the statue on a palette , wading towards the shore , the madonna aloft on they shoulder . the whole town of mongibello be in attendance for this annual Festival of the madonna del mare , either stand in they fishing boat , or on shore and flanking the Parish Priest and altar boy and incense . ripley , dickie and marge watch from dickie 's terrace . there be hymn and , as the statue be carry to the shore , the man 's head barely above the wave , the congregation applaud at the illusion that the madonna be walk on water . suddenly another head appear on the surface of the water , about fifty yard from the statue . there 's a scream from among the crowd as someone notice the body . it 's silvana . one of the men carry the statue turn first towards the direction of the scream and then towards the float corpse . it 's silvana 's fiancee , and in a second he have let go of the palette , causing it to topple , and - in absolute grief - wade , swim , splashes towards the body . pandemonium in the crowd , which break up , with other people splash , fully clothed , into the water . from the terrace , ripley turn and look at dickie , catch he eye . ext . dickie' terrace . late day . marge and ripley and dickie watch from the terrace as below they a ambulance take away the body . it seem as if the whole town look on - fiancee , parent , brother , sister , police , priest , etc . as the corpse be load into the vehicle a brief scuffle occur between silvana 's fiancee and she brother . they be pull apart . then the ambulance pull away . ripley what 's the fight about ? that 's she fiancÈ , be not it ? be they blame he ? dickie ( sharp ) I do not know ! why be you ask I ? ( agitate ) how can it take a hour to find a ambulance ? marge ( conciliatory ) well , she be already dead , darling , be not she , so I suppose - dickie I do not know why people say this country 's civilise . it be not . it 's fuck primitive . and with that he kick out violently at a chair support the recordplayer . record , machine , chair go fly across the terrace . dickie storm inside . marge dickie ! ripley I will go and see what 's the matter . marge I will go . int . dickie' house . late afternoon . later , dickie be slump in a armchair at the open window overlook the slipway . he 's play sax . a forlorn , keen phrase from you don't know what love be . ripley appear , begin tidy the mess in the live room . he pick up empty bottle , a abandon bikini top . ripley I know why you be upset . ( dickie continue play ) I know about silvana , dickie . about you and silvana . dickie stop play . dickie what about we ? he now have a armful of dish and glass and bottle . dickie ( cont would ) ( lose he temper ) you do not have to clean up ! really ! ripley disappear into the kitchen . dickie ( cont would ) ( as ripley return ) she be pregnant . do you know that ? do you know what that mean in a place like this ? ripley I be prepare to take the blame . dickie what be you talk about ? ripley you have be so good to I . you be the brother I never have . I be the brother you never have . dickie she come to I for help , she need money , and I do not help she . I do not help she . now she 's dead and it 's my fault . ripley I be not go to say anything - to marge , or anybody , the police - it 's a secret between we and I will keep it . and he disappear again , leave dickie to resume the sax , somehow in thrall to ripley . ripley ( o/s ) < i> dear Tom , I think the time have come to discontinue you expense check ... </ i> ext . american express , naple . day . ripley and dickie be walk out of the american Express Office , dickie push the rest of he money into he case , ripley - despondent - read aloud extract from a letter from Herbert greenleaf - ripley < i>... the thousand dollar , of course , be only due in the event that you succeed in bring dickie home . naturally , I hope the trip have afforded you some pleasure despite the failure of its main objective you need no longer consider yourself obligate to we in any way ... < / i> dickie you can not blame he . you could hardly expect this to go on forever . ripley I think you might write again . now that we be brother ... dickie I can not , how can I , in all decency ? we have have a good run , have not we ? ripley ( increasingly miserable ) what about Venice ? can we stick to that plan at least ? dickie I do not think so , Tom . you can not stay on here without money . it 's time we all move on . besides I be sick of mongi . especially now with everything - I really want to move to the North . I need to check out San remo next week , find somewhere new to keep the boat . but it would be great , though , if you come with I . we last trip before you leave . there 's a jazz festival - we could say goodbye in style . what do you think ? a last trip ? int . train to san remo . afternoon . dickie and ripley travel up to San remo . they sit next to each other . dickie 's asleep . ripley lay he head on dickie 's shoulder , but as he do that , the ticket inspector announce the San remo stop , tap on the window and dickie stir . then ripley play he familiar game of study he face in the reflection of the train window , so that he can move he head and see he reflection , then back and see dickie 's . dickie suddenly catch he stare . ripley look away . dickie ( terse ) why do you do that thing - with you neck ? on train you always do that thing , it 's so spooky . ext . HOTEL terrace restaurant , san remo . night . dickie and ripley walk through the terrace of a hotel which lip out towards the sea . there 's a restaurant and palm and a jazz quintet play , american . very cool . they pass the band . dickie 's captivate as they head for they table . they pass some girl at a table . dickie smile greedily . dickie this be more like it . do not I tell you San remo be crazy ! they be show to a good table . dickie watch the band while they glass be fill with champagne . ripley look happy . he 's get dickie all to himself . ripley to mongibello and the happiest day of my life . dickie to mongi . you be cheerful tonight . ripley I be suddenly quite happy to be go back . dickie that 's good . ripley I have get plan ! dickie ripley 's plan . ripley esatto . I be always plan . dickie do I know you at Princeton , Tom ? I do not , do I ? ripley why be you ask all of a sudden ? dickie no reason . because you be leave , I guess . I do not think you be there , be you ? ripley why ? dickie I mean it as a compliment . you have get such great taste , I do not know . most of the thug at Princeton have taste everything and have no taste . use to say , the cream of America : rich and thick . freddie 's the perfect example . ripley then I will take it as a compliment . dickie I know it ! I have a bet with marge ! ripley ( a beat ) ha . dickie do you even like jazz - or be that something for my benefit ? ripley ( concede , without guile ) I have get to like it . I have get to like everything about the way you live . it 's one big love affair . if you know my life back home in New York ... dickie 's distract by the drummer who 's play a extrovert solo , do not hear the confession of love . dickie I be think of give up the sax , what do you think about drum ? ripley what ? dickie so cool . he mime a high - hat and snare . ripley can not quite credit this - it 's superficiality . ext . mid ocean . day . the bay of San remo . dickie and ripley have hire a motor boat . dickie that 's how I find my place in mongi . take a boat out round the bay . the first place I like , I get it . the motor boat be ploughing the wave . dickie exhilated by the speed . ripley dickie , slow down , come on ! ripley grip the oar , he knuckle white . dickie cut the motor , and the boat slow to a crawl , mile from the shore . dickie ( ecstatic ) I love it here ! gonna live here ! dickie take off he jacket , then drum against the edge of the boat , develop a rhythm with he lighter and finger , already on the way to become buddy Rich . ripley I want to tell you my plan . dickie so tell I . ripley I think I might come back . in the New Year . under my own steam . dickie ( suddenly tight ) really ? to Italy ? ripley of course . let 's say , for argument 's sake , you be here - perhaps we could split the rent on a house - I will get a job - or , better still , I could get a place in Rome and when we be there we could be there and if we be here we could be here - dickie oh God , I do not think so . ripley - you see , particularly with the marge problem , you can just blame I . dickie marge and I be get marry . ripley ( appal ) how ? dickie how ? ripley yesterday you be ogling girl on the terrace , today you be get marry . it 's absurd . dickie I love marge . ripley you love I and you be not marrying I . dickie ( cold ) Tom , I do not love you . ripley no , no , it 's not a threat , I have explain all of that . dickie I be actually a little relieved you be go , to be honest . I think we have see enough of each other for a while . ripley stare at he , he eye suddenly reptilian . ripley what ? dickie you can be a leech - you know this - and it 's boring . you can be quite boring . ripley ( volcanic ) the funny thing - < i>i be < / i > not pretend to be somebody else and < i>you < / i> be . I be absolutely honest with you . I have tell you my feeling . but you , first of all I know there 's something - that evening when we play chess , for instance , it be obvious - dickie ( incredulous ) what evening ? ripley sure - I know , that 's too dangerous for you , fair enough , hey ! we be brother , fine , then you do this sordid thing with marge , fuck she on the boat while we all have to listen , which be excruciate , frankly , plus you follow you cock around like a - and now you be get marry ! I be bewilder , forgive I ... you be lie to marge then get marry to she , you be knock up silvana , you have get to play sax , you have get to play drum , which be it , dickie , what do you really play ? dickie , furious , get up , and lurch towards ripley . dickie ( attack he , administer tiny slap as punctuation to he tirade ) who be you - some imposter , some third class mooch - who be you to tell I anything ? actually , I really really really do not want to be on this boat with you , I can not move without you move , which be exactly how it feel and it give I the creep . ( he go to rev up the engine ) I can not move without - " dickie , dickie , dickie " - like a little girl . you give I the - ripley smashes he across the head with the oar . dickie slip off the wooden seat , he eye rolling in groggy surprise . ripley shut up ! just shut up ! just shut up ! the boat slow as dickie release the tiller . dickie look up at ripley wearily and slide onto he back . dickie for God 's sake . ripley , shocked at himself , go to dickie , rock the boat , catch he up , then be horrify to see dickie 's face , apparently unmark , suddenly split OPEN , a line of blood and then a peel like a fruit burst . ripley 's appal . a terrible roar issue from dickie as he launch himself at ripley . dickie ( cont would ) I will kill you ! ripley find himself push he away , pick up the oar , kick off dickie 's hand around he ankle . the boat be rock and swerving crazily as dickie fall against the tiller . ripley almost lose he balance . his glass come off . they struggle , lock together in a life or death wrestle to get control of the oar . dickie 's blind by he own blood , lose he grip . ripley , terrify , hit dickie again and again , the oar like a carpet - beater bang down flat , blood on the blade , blood on ripley , until he 's on he knee , heaving for breath , let he arm drop , then realize , disgust , that he 's let it rest in a pool of blood . he start to sob , sprawl there , sobbing , next to dickie , horrify by what he 's do . nobody 's in sight . the boat rock , gently , the sun sparkling indifferently on the wave . ripley lie by dickie in the bottom of the boat , in the embrace he 's always want . the pretty blue- and - white boat rock peacefully . the sea calm . ext . a cove near san remo . afternoon . a desert cove , several mile along the coast . ripley clamber onto a rock over the shore . he 's watch the boat slowly sink . shudder from the exertion , the cold , he find dickie 's jacket , put it on and watch as the boat disappear under the surface . ext . san remo . dusk . ripley walk back towards the hotel , still wear dickie 's jacket , cold and wet , he bag over he shoulder . int . HOTEL lobby . early evening . ripley approach the front desk . he 's shiver . he 's not wear he glass . ripley can I have my key , please ? receptionist ( at the key rack ) of course - but you must be very cold ? signor greenleaf ? yes ? - ripley ( mind racing ) no , it 's - I be ... ext . road between naple and mongibello . day . ripley sit on the bus as it rumble towards mongi . he stare out of the window , full of what he 's do . no idea what to do . ext . mongibello , fisherman' wharf . day . the bus come into town . ripley get out , look calm , very together . int . dickie' live room , mongibello . day . ripley walk into the live room , slowly approach dickie 's saxophone which be on its stand on the table . he can not get close to it , it evoke dickie too much . int . dickie' live room . day . ripley have dickie 's Hermes baby typewriter on the desk and be busy write letter . he have finish a letter to the greenleaf , now he 's at the end of one to marge . we can read part of it - < i>c/o american Express , Rome 9 November 1958 . dear marge , this be a difficult letter for I to write < / i>... ripley produce the Shakespeare and signature page and copy dickie' signature at the end of the letter . ext . marge' garden , mongibello . day . ripley stand at the entrance to marge 's garden where she be work at she book on the outside table , surround by reference and note , hold down by brick . he look at she until she look at he . she 's startle , gasp . ripley hello marge . marge Tom , you startle I ! you be back . ripley how be you ? sorry . be you book go well ? marge yes - I be on a good streak , thanks . ripley I be just look at you - ( look at she tenderly ) - so quiet . marge where 's dickie ? ripley I think he 's plan on stay in Rome for a few day . marge ( look at he ) ha . do he say why ? ripley I do not know . I do not understand dickie , marge , so you guess be as good as mine . marge what do that mean ? ripley well , one day I be invite ski , the next day I be not , one day we be all one family , the next day he want to be alone . you tell I . marge be that what he say - he want to be alone ? ripley he be think of you , marge - he ask I to deliver this . he hand she a package . she pull at it , it 's perfume . marge thanks . he know I love this , although why it could not have wait ... ripley errand number one - deliver marge 's perfume . errand number two , pack some clothes and he precious saxophone . marge ( alarmed ) how long 's he stay for ? ripley search I . I guess we be abandon . ext . mongibello , beach . early morning . marge be walk along the beach and out onto the jetty , forlorn , a bleach figure on this winter morning . int . off from dickie' live room . morning . as ripley walk down the stair , marge be at the icebox in the live room . she 's fix herself a drink , have the icebox open for ice . she 's ashen , and might have be weep , walk back into the kitchen area . marge there be a letter from dickie in with my perfume . you realize it 's more than a few day ? he 's think of move to Rome . she bang out the ice onto the counter , cube fall everywhere . ripley drop to the floor and start to clear they up . she 's get the letter , show it to ripley . he put fresh ice into she glass . marge ( cont would ) the thing be , the night before he leave , we talk about move , together , go North - and I suppose I put some pressure on he , about get marry , I just might have scared he off . there 's a side to he , when we head be on the pillow , I know no - one else see it , which be really tender . ( unravel ) I think I should come with you to Rome and just confront he . ripley light a cigarette . marge lose confidence . marge ( cont would ) he hate be confront . ripley I think you be right . int . albergo goldoni , rome . day . ripley's batter case be carry into the tiny lobby of this small hotel . he exchange he passport at the desk for he room key , then make he way , carry he own luggage to the metal cage elevator . this scene intercut with : int . HOTEL grand . day . dickie' array of leather luggage be pull along on a baggage trolley by a livery porter . dickie 's passport slide across the marble desk . a key come back , collect by a hand sport dickie 's two distinctive ring . as aldo , the Front desk manager , inspect the passport , he look at the owner . ripley wear a terrific suit , he hair parte in the greenleaf style , no glass . his voice , when he speak , have the same , lazy , confident drawl . aldo welcome back , signor greenleaf . ripley ( walk away ) thank you . int . ripley's suite , grand . day . the porter take the case and open they as ripley walk around the suite . it 's large and splendid . ripley breathes in its opulence . he immediately pick up the telephone . ripley yes , I would like you to telephone the Hotel goldoni . yes . I want to speak to signor Thomas ripley - no ripley , R , yes . grazie . he produce dickie 's pen and sign the blotter quickly - < i>h R greenleaf < / i>. then he pull out a postcard from the write case to reveal dickie 's < i> star , hide you fire < / i> handwrite specimen . he compare the two signature , be pleased . the telephone ring . ripley ( cont would ) pronto ? signor ripley be not there ? I would like to leave a message . yes . please call dickie - < i> dickie greenleaf < / i> - at the Grand . int . ripley's HOTEL room , goldoni . day . a tiny , cell of a room , single bed . ripley on the phone . ripley he 's not there ? very well . I will leave a message - < i> get you call . dinner tonight sound fine . ripley < / i>. ( listen as it 's read back ) dinner tonight , yes , be okay . yes , thank you . int . gucci store , rome . day . ripley have buy some more leather good - a briefcase and overnight bag . he be at the counter , signing check . ripley I would like this to have my initial - emboss , I do not know the word in italian ... emboss ? gucci assistant emboss , of course , signor greenleaf . there 's a excited rap on the window and a shout of dickie ! shock , ripley look over to find meredith logue outside , alone and delighted to see he . he grin and mouth hello . meredith ( enter the shop ) dickie ! oh my God ! ciao . ext . across piazza navona to arcari' cafe . day . ripley and meredith walk across the piazza towards the cafe . meredith but you be go ski with we yankee , be not you ? ripley what ? meredith at Christmas . to cortina with freddie mile and - ripley ( interrupt , astonished ) how do you know that ? meredith everybody know freddie mile . ripley ( unsettle ) be freddie in Rome ? meredith now ? I do not think so . but I have meet he , of course , and we have chatted and I know about you and marge and mongi and what a unreliable rat you be . freddie say you be a rat and I think to myself now I know why he travel under R . ripley I have leave marge , meredith . and mongi . so the rat 's here now , in Rome . meredith sorry , I would not have make a joke if - ripley do not be sorry . I have never be happier . I feel like I have be hand a new life . ext . american express office , rome . day . meredith and ripley walk down the Spanish step and head inside the office . meredith the truth be if you have have money you entire life , even if you despise it , which we do - agree ? - you be only truly comfortable around other people who have it and despise it . ripley I know . meredith I have never admit that to anyone . int . american express office , rome . day . ripley 's signing dickie 's allowance receipt . meredith be with he , signing she own counterfoil . he be , of course , endorse by she presence . she go to the window ahead of he . she take she money , turn to he . he hand over he document . the clerk compare ripley 's signature with the one on the passport and then look up at he . ripley be cool as a cucumber . ripley I do not want too many large bill . nobody will change they . int . ripley's suite , grand . another day . where a tailor be finish the fitting of a cashmere jacket for ripley . bolt of cloth everywhere as meredith adjudicate the possible material , which the tailor hold up against ripley . meredith show I the other one again . ( the tailor oblige ) I like they both . ripley I will take they both . ripley go inside the bedroom to change . while he 's inside , meredith show the tailor out . as she return she notice the open sax case , peer inside . meredith ( o / S ) I know you be a jazz fiend but do you absolutely hate the Opera ? I have be try to give my ticket away , it 's tomorrow , but if you be prepare to be drag ... she look up to catch he bare - chest . she 's intoxicate by he , the romance she feel to be in the air . ripley ( emerge ) you could drag I . int . the opera house , rome . on stage be Act two of Eugene onegin . lensky sing he aria before the duel with onegin . ripley 's in a tuxedo , in a box which include a glamorous meredith and she aunt and uncle . he know what come next . lensky be shot by onegin . blood pour from he neck into the snow . onegin , horrify at the death of he friend , go over , wrap lensky in he cloak , the silk lining flash , kneel hold he ... ripley can barely hide he emotion ... meredith watch she sensitive friend , entrance . int . outside the box , opera house , rome . the interval . ripley and meredith exit they box with meredith 's aunt and uncle ( who head for the interval drink ) . ripley thanks so much for invite I tonight . joan can you bear it ? we hear you be a friend of freddie 's - he have < i> I hate Opera < / i> tattooe on he chest . ripley there 's room for a whole libretto on freddie 's chest . joan ( laugh ) I be sure we have meet . they reach the console where uncle Ted have they drink . joan ( cont would ) I be sure we would meet , be not you , Ted ? this be Herbert greenleaf 's boy . ripley thanks , yes , I think we do . joan one minute you people be child and the next you be get tattooe . int . opera house , foyer . night . ripley head past the beautiful people on he hunt for the Men 's room , and walk straight into a young and culture englishman . they greet each other and suddenly marge be beside they . marge ( as if she 's see a ghost ) oh my god. Tom . ripley marge , how be you ? what be you do in Rome ? marge be he here ? be you with dickie ? ripley no. ( to Smith - kingsley ) hello , I be Tom ripley . peter Peter Smith - kingsley . I have hear about you , of course - from marge , and dickie . marge ( work out what 's strange ) no glass . he fish out the glass . ripley ( to Peter ) ditto . peter where be you hide he ? he 's impossible , be not he ? marge be he really not here ? ripley marge , you know dickie have < i> I hate Opera < / i> tattooe on he chest . marge you be go to Venice . peter yes , what happen ? I hear you be desperate to come . I be look forward to row you around . ripley I be . I really be . and I have be travel . I just can not seem to get that far north . peter well hurry , before we sink . ( reach into he jacket ) should I give you my telephone number in Venice ? ripley thanks . the interval bell be ringing . Peter hand over he card to ripley , see meredith . peter look there 's meredith thingy - who 's that , marge ? - they be in textiles ... meredith - ( embarrassed at not remember ) God , how awful , I have spend Christmas in she house ...! marge I do not know she . ( to ripley ) he have not call , he 's hardly write , just this cryptic note . you do not just dump people . the last interval bell . there 's a mini-stampede to return . peter will we see you later ? ripley I can not later . peter and tomorrow ? ripley tomorrow 's possible . do you know dinelli 's ? piazza di spagna ? peter I know the piazza di spagna . what time ? ripley ten thirty ? peter we will be there . ripley okay . marge , see you tomorrow . ( to Peter ) it 's really good to meet you . int . BOX , opera house . night . ripley go straight to meredith and grab she . ripley let 's go . meredith I think you be enjoy yourself ? ripley let 's take a carozza and look at the moon . meredith you be crazy ! it 's freezing out there . he 's look past she , where a mirror reflect marge wading through the audience , Peter 's elegant head get dangerously near as they approach they seat . ripley c'mon , I need to talk to you . just the two of we . meredith ( quite take ) okay then , you be crazy . ext . carozza , rome . night . meredith shiver in the raw night as they cross the tiber . ripley as dickie be confess he heart belong to marge . meredith do not worry . really . do not worry . ripley you be such a pal to understand . it 's as if marge be here now - I look at you and I see she face - and I can not , whatever I be feel towards you - I just can not ... meredith no , I absolutely understand . of course . ripley otherwise you would be fight I off . meredith beating you away . ext . meredith apartment , rome . they arrive at the courtyard outside meredith 's apartment Building . ripley jump down , collect she . she make to go inside , then look at he . meredith will you meet I tomorrow ? just to say goodbye in the daylight , properly ? so it 's not just this , it 's too ... you should always save pain for daylight ... ripley oh meredith , I be sorry . of course I will meet you . let 's have coffee in the morning at dinelli 's . meredith ( flutter ) I do not - be that by the Spanish step ? ripley exactly . 10.30 - ( instantly correct himself ) 10.15 . he get back into the carozza . it move off . ext . dinelli's cafe , piazza DI spagna . morning . meredith sit wait in a cafe at the bottom of the Spanish step . ripley , dress as ripley , be at the top of the step , among early tourist , watch as she drink she coffee at a outside table . then marge and Peter appear walk up the via condotti , head for another table , do not see meredith . she acknowledge Peter who have not notice she . meredith Peter ? hello , it 's meredith logue . peter of course it be , meredith , hello , I be sorry , half - asleep , how be you ? this be marge sherwood . meredith logue . marge hello . hear marge 's name meredith react , freeze . peter join we , will not you ? we be just wait for a friend . do you know , I wonder do we see you at the Opera last night ? meredith I will not actually , although I think this might - be you wait for dickie ? peter well no , as it happen , although ... marge ( stunne at the mention of he name ) dickie ? do you know dickie ? meredith you be at the Opera ? well , that explain - yes I be there . I be there with dickie . marge ( to Peter ) I tell you ! I know it ! meredith ( move over to they ) marge , I do not know you , so I have no right , but dickie love you . he 's - I think you will find he 's come home to you . marge ( proprietorial ) how would you know that ? meredith he tell I everything . I be suppose to meet he fifteen minute ago , so I ... I be go to go now , I think . unless he mean we to meet - which would be a little cruel , would not it ? peter no , we be meeting another friend . Tom ripley . marge do you know Tom ? meredith ripley ? no . I hear about he , of course , but no , I do not meet he . the waiter have arrive to take order . meredith indicate she 's leave . meredith ( cont would ) not for I . no , grazie . marge be on the edge . Peter lay a hand to comfort she . meredith ( cont would ) I hope I do not complicate matter , but nothing , nothing untoward happen , nothing to prevent you from welcoming he back , from marrying he ... Goodbye . Goodbye Peter , please do not get up . Peter get up . ripley , from he vantage point at the top of the step , watch meredith leave and walk off into the crowd . he begin the slow walk down towards the square . as he become visible to the cafe , he start to hurry . he 's apologise to marge and Peter as they see he , in he element , lie and believe in he lie . ripley sorry , sorry . have to renew my papers . italian bureaucracy - never one stamp when they can make you line up for three . have you be wait long ? peter not at all . Morning Tom . ripley hi. ( to marge ) sorry . you okay ? you look as if you have see a ghost ... marge dickie be at the Opera last night . ripley I do not believe it . Wild horse would not drag dickie to - marge he be there with someone . so I suppose she must have drag he - that 's not fair . I be go back to mongi . I think dickie 's come home . ( to Peter ) I be go to go home . ripley really ? that 's swell . no , I be just - you be way ahead of I ! great ! peter we think he 's have a change of heart . ( to marge ) so we should be celebrate . marge I hope so . peter ( to marge ) that be move , be not it ? when meredith say - ( to ripley ) meredith 's the american girl I see last night , I know she , at the Opera , she 's be see something of dickie - ripley my God . peter but the point be dickie - well we know this - dickie love marge and he miss she and apparently he 's come to he sense ... ripley it 's fantastic . ( to Peter ) I feel guilty . marge do not understand this , but anytime dickie do something I feel guilty . int . apartment , palazza gioia . day . ripley be be show a apartment for rent in the palazzo gioia by a dry-witted older woman , signora buffi . ripley explore , relishing the decor . signora buffi accendo il riscaldamento . < i > ( I will turn the heating on . ) < / i> ripley ( mime play sax ) mi piace suonare . < i > ( I like to play music . ) < / i> signora buffi ( shrug ) io sono sorda . quelli di sotto , una coppia , sono sordi . allora , it piace ? < i > ( I be deaf . the couple below be deaf . so , do you like it ? ) < / i > int . ripley's apartment . afternoon . ripley be in the apartment , fire burn , wear pyjamas . there 's a small Christmas tree . he kneel on the floor with some festive , gift - wrap package . he open a package . it 's a marble head of hadrian . a gasp from ripley . he pick up a glass , pour himself a drink . int . ripley's apartment . late afternoon . ripley plunge into bach 's italian concerto on he new and precious toy , a steinway grand . his doorbell ring . he stop play . he do not get visitor . he rise , a little nervous . ripley hello ? freddie ( o/s ) dickie ? ripley who be it ? freddie ( o/s ) it 's freddie . let I in . ripley almost collapse . he 's faint . freddie ( o/s ) dickie , come on , it 's I . ripley can not think what to hide , where to hide . he open the door . ripley hello , freddie , it 's Tom , Tom ripley . freddie ( confuse , not pleasantly ) oh hello , where 's dickie ? how be you ? ripley yes , I be good , thank you . dicky at dinner . he 's at otello 's . do you know it ? freddie I do not think he 's at dinner at 6.30 pm . if you say he be still at lunch I would believe you . incredible . the guy have disappear off the face of the earth . ripley I guess . freddie the landlady - as far as I could tell , the landlady say he be here right now . ripley he 's go to dinner ! search the place . I can not think why you would imagine dickie would hide from you . freddie because he 's be hide from I - what happen at Christmas ? ripley what about Christmas ? freddie he be suppose to come ski . I do not get a cable or a call or a note or , frankly , a fart . ripley have he hand behind he back . he's tugging frantically at dickie' ring . ripley wander into the kitchen , turn on the tap to sluice he finger . ripley ( o/s ) of course , he 's be very involved in he music , have not he ? I think he theory be , you know , you have to go into a cocoon before you can become a butterfly . freddie which be horseshit . have you hear he play that thing ? ( gesture at the sax on its stand ) he can not . ripley ( o/s ) ( casually ) how do you find he ? it 's such a out of the way apartment . can I fix you a drink ? freddie no thanks . ( explain he detective work ) some kid at the american Express Office . ( he start to explore ) be you live here ? now he start to hammer a nasty boogie- woogie on the piano . ripley ( return , flinching ) no . no , I be stay here for a few day , in Rome . that 's a new piano , so you prob - freddie ( o /s ) do this place come furnish ? it do not look like dickie . horrible be not it ? - so bourgeois . now he 's poke at the hadrian bust . ripley you should watch that ! freddie in fact the only thing which look like dickie be you . ripley hardly . freddie have you do something to you hair ? ripley start to smile , he eye darting around the room . ripley freddie , do you have something to say ? freddie what ? I think I be say it . something 's go on . he 's either convert to Christianity - or to something else . ripley I suggest you ask dickie that yourself . otello 's be on delle croce , just off the corso . freddie be it on < i > " delle croce , just off the corso " < / i >? you be a quick study , be not you ? last time you do not know you ass from you elbow , now you be give I direction . that 's not fair , you probably do know you ass from you elbow . I will see you . and he's gone . ripley shut the door , smooth the silk runner on the table where freddie 's hand have ruck it . he go back to the door , open it and look over the rail . int . landing and stair , ripley's build . late day . freddie be back in conversation with signora buffi . ripley can not make out the text but there 's some discussion about < i> signor greenleaf < / i> and < i> signor ripley < / i>. ripley hurry inside as freddie 's heavy shoe start to clump up the stair again . int . ripley's apartment , rome . late day . freddie knock on the door which push open . as he march in , he launch into he interrogation . freddie ripley ? there 's someth - - and walk straight into the head of hadrian which ripley swing at he , holding on awkwardly with both hand to the heavy marble sculpture . freddie fall like a ox , first to he knee , groan , then to the floor as ripley bring the head down again , beat he downward . as freddie slump away , ripley lose he balance and the head send freddie a glance blow before slip from ripley 's grasp and smash on to the floor . the nose be chipped off . ext . palazzo gioia . night . it 's desert . ripley haul freddie out of the shadow towards the car . a couple walk across the square . ripley talk to freddie , berate he for he drunken stupor . he push he over the door and into the passenger seat . ripley ( mimick freddie 's voice ) hey , if I be drunk , think what she husband 's say . ext . via appia antica . night . the fiat nose along the appian way . Black fragment of tomb punctuate either side of the poorly light road . Inside the car , ripley look to leave and right for a place to dump the body . he slow near a clump of tree . int . ripley's apartment , rome . evening . someone be knocking urgently at the door . ripley open it , find himself face to face with signora buffi and two policemen . one of they offer he hand . roverini dickie greenleaf ? ripley yes ? roverini Inspector roverini . can we come in ? int . ripley's apartment . evening . ripley sit with he head in he hand at the table . roverini and he sergeant , baggio , watch patiently . roverini it 's a terrible shock , eh ? what time do signor mile leave yesterday ? ripley I can not be absolutely sure - 8 ? 9 ? we would both take on far too many drink - but it be dark , it be certainly dark when I walk he down to he car . roverini so signor mile drive away and you do what ? ripley I go to bed . freddie 's a big man , but I be in trouble after a couple of drink . I have suffer all day . who find he ? roverini have walk over to the bust of hadrian . roverini senta . we have to ask you to stay in Rome . ripley yes , if it 's go to help , certainly . roverini so , the Doctor , he have to make the - ( look at Baggio ) - come se dice ? ripley postmortem ? roverini yes , exactly , but he first , he first conclusion be that signor mile be kill not later than seven o'clock yesterday evening . ripley well , he certainly be not dead when he drive off in he car . roverini no . ext . narrow STREET , the ghetto , rome . morning . ripley come through a dark tunnel in the ghetto on he scooter . he drive past a furniture store , dressing table and mirror spilling out onto the street . he glance sideways , see he reflection fracture into several image and , for a instant , it seem as if dickie' there watching he . ripley scream and swerve , crash into the pavement , the scooter fall onto he and pull he along the cobble passage . the man he think to be dickie , a italian , run up concerned . ext . american express , piazza DI spagna . day . ripley emerge from the american Express Office . across the street at the cafe , as once before , sit marge . ripley slip dickie 's bag into he knapsack as he approach he scooter . marge spot he and stride across the piazza . she be in no mood for pleasantry . marge do he kill freddie ? ripley marge , when do you get here ? marge tell I the truth . do he kill freddie ? ripley I would swear he do not . of course he do not . marge I try again , wait here , watch for he . instead it 's you . whenever I look for dickie I find you . ( focus on ripley 's cut and bruise ) what happen to you face ? ripley dickie do it . marge ( suddenly tense ) dickie ? ripley my face ! there be a argument . I say some thing I should not have . about you . about the appall way he 's treat you , all of we . and the next thing I know he 's launch himself at I . ( he pull the scooter off the stand ) be you get on ? marge what ? ripley get on . I will take you to he . ext . square of the palazzo gioia . day . ripley and marge come round the corner on the scooter . the entrance to the palazzo be block by a couple of police car . Inspector roverini emerge from one of they . ripley , startle , drive straight past the entrance . ext . rome STREET , by the river . day . ripley pull up several hundred yard later , in a different piazza full of book stall . marge be confuse . marge where do dickie live ? ripley we pass it a few block back , where the police be . the palazzo gioia . they do not even know I be in Rome and I be not go to incriminate dickie - marge perhaps I should not go either . ripley ( think hard , distract ) no , well go if you want to , but do not talk to the Police about my face - they find out he hit I - he 's get a temper - he could have hit freddie. ( sincerely ) good luck , marge . I will catch up with you later . and he drive off . at the first opportunity he double back and roar towards the palazzo . ext . square of the palazzo gioia . afternoon . ripley drive towards the entrance . as ripley get off and push he scooter through the doorway some journalist , loitering inside a barber' shop come run out and swarm around he with question about freddie . one of they get off a photograph . it 's chaos , a Police Officer shout he away as ripley put up a protective hand and run inside . int . entrance and stair , palazzo gioia . continuous . as ripley hurry inside he encounter officer conduct more thorough forensic investigation in the stairwell . on a landing be roverini . ripley hurry towards he . ripley can we go up ? do you mind ? roverini of course . what happen to you face ? ripley my scooter . I fall off . get chase by photographer . he hurry up the stair , roverini in tow . ripley ( cont would ) ( agitate ) the telephone , the press , I have be , I be feel hound - do you think you could not give out my address ? roverini never . we have have many request and , of course , we say no - even to you fiancÈe . ripley I really do not want to see anybody . roverini even you fiancÈe ...? ripley even she . roverini what about Thomas ripley ? ripley what about ripley ? ripley 's way ahead and have reach the door of he apartment . he wait nervously for roverini . he unlock the door and can barely wait for roverini to catch up . int . ripley's apartment . afternoon . roverini follow ripley inside , Baggio hurry in behind he . roverini you and signor ripley go to San remo , be that right ? ripley be appal . he smile . ripley yes , sure , we do go to San remo . that be month ago . roverini November , I think . ripley be it ? do you speak to Tom ? roverini November 7th be my information . ripley I do not remember the exact date . roverini and when do you last see signor ripley ? ripley a few day ago . roverini do he stay with you here ? ripley no ! roverini no . here be a pattern . two day ago freddie mile be dead - he leave you apartment and be murder . yesterday a little boat be find in San remo full of rock , and the owner tell the Police it be steal on November 7th . we look at hotel record and we see < i>oh ! dickie greenleaf be stay in San remo < / i> and then we boatman remember two Americans take a boat . ripley it 's not a pattern , it 's a coincidence . there must be fifty hotel in San remo , there must have be a hundred people rent a boat on that day . roverini 31 people . ripley 31 people . Baggio appear . speak to roverini . ripley be get cranky . roverini that be miss sherwood now . marge sherwood . ripley ( appal , defeat ) let she in , what 's the difference ? let she in . ( Baggio be on he way to the door . ) no , actually , no , I would like it very much if you would ask she to come back later . roverini nod , mutter to Baggio , who head out . ripley ( cont would ) thank you . roverini ( watch he ) May I ask ... why would you speak to you friend and not you fiancÈe ? ripley I think I just say . ripley be handle some business for I , nor do Mr ripley want to marry I . nor do he ask I every day if I would marry he . and when . roverini do you have a photograph of signor ripley ? ripley I be not in the habit of carry around photograph of my male friend . roverini now I think I have upset you . my English perhaps be coarse . ripley it be a little coarse , yes . roverini sorry . no-one have see signor ripley since San - ripley I have ! roverini you have , yes . ripley no , I have and so have miss sherwood , ask she ! and if I could remember which hotel he be stay at - < i> the goldoni ! < / i> - Tom be stay at the goldoni . roverini good . the goldoni . yes - you be right . a coincidence . ( he get up to leave ) I look forward to we next meeting when I will be more careful with my English and persuade you to play I you saxophone . Alto . ripley absolutely . roverini ( suddenly turn ) I have a witness who think they see two man get into Mr mile ' car . she want to identify you in a - < i>confronto < / i> - line -up. ( ominously ) tomorrow then ? ripley ( throw , scrabbling ) tomorrow . ripley let they out , heave a heavy sigh , then peep through the door , look down to see roverini speak to marge on the stair . roverini ( o /s ) < i> buongiorno , miss sherwood . he 's in but I really do not think he want to see anyone . </ i> ripley lean against the door , the noose tightening , then suddenly a voice shock he upright . marge Dick ? dickie ? I know you can hear I . what be I do , chase you around ...? I be go to say I would count to three and if you do not open the door , but I will not count any more . on you . I will not count on you any more . whatever it be , whatever you have do or have not do , you have break my heart . that 's one thing I know you be guilty of , and I do not know why , I do not know why , I just do not know why ... ripley listen , there 's a silence , then marge 's footstep as they ring out on the stone stair . the tapping sound resolve into the tap - tap of a manual typewriter . int . ripley's apartment , palazzo gioia . night . ripley 's at the typewriter , he begin to type . ripley ( o/s ) < i > my dear Tom , I be get out of this . freddie 's death , silvana . I have think about go to the police , but I can not do it , I can not face it . I can not face anything anymore ... < / i> int . ripley's apartment , palazzo gioia . night . chaos . ripley be work quickly , select clothes , divide they into two pile - one for dickie 's trunk , one for he own batter suitcase . he put the license plate from freddie 's car in dickie 's luggage . he have place one shirt on the ripley pile then check again , and - on see dickie 's initial , place it with the bigger pile , then pick it up again and hold it briefly against he cheek . he take dickie 's ring , open up a little BOX of button and needle and cufflink and sadly toss they in . dickie 's leather write case go on the big pile , too , as do cuff link , tie , the mont blanc , dickie 's passport , which he open to scratch at the photograph , obliterate the face . ripley ( o/s ) < i>... I wish I could give you the life I take for grant . you have always understand what 's at the heart of I , Tom . marge never could . I suppose that 's why I be write this to you , the brother I never have . the only true friend I ever have . in all kind of way you be much more like the son my father always want . I realise you can change the people , change the scenery , but you can not change you own rotten self . now I can not think what to do , or where to go . I be haunt by everything I have do , and can not undo . I be sorry , I can not go on . I have make a mess of be dickie greenleaf have not I ? </ i > he 's finish the letter , sign it , put it in a envelope mark Tom ripley and place the letter on top of the piano next to dickie 's passport . his head be reflect in the distorting curve of the lid . as he put on he glass there 's a moment when there be two head slowly separate , as ripley leave behind he brief life as dickie greenleaf . int . basement , palazzo gioia . night . ripley carry dickie 's luggage down into the communal basement of the gioia , a wretch place full of shadow and gloom and the overflow from thirty apartment . a red plush couch sit on top of a mound of furniture . he find some dustsheet and shove the case under they . then dickie 's saxophone . outside the small window , ripley see uniform foot and the revolve blue light of a Police car . he shrink back , turn off the light and disappear into the dark , illuminate fitfully by the strobe of cold blue . ext . by the palazzo gioia , rome . night . ripley , familiar batter luggage in tow , appear at the entrance of the building next to he own , glance at the police car park opposite the big door , then hurry off into the darkness . ext . by the palazzo gioia . night . ripley 's briefly silhouett as he scuttle down a alley , hurry towards a gate , and disappear behind it . ext . piazzale roma , venice . dawn . ripley sit next to he batter luggage at the prow of a motor taxi as it surge towards Venice at dawn . Peter Smith - kingsley wait on the quay . ripley wave . Peter wave back . peter ( indicate the taxi stop ) I will see you over there ! ext . piazza san marco , venice . early morning . ripley and Peter walk through the square , the pigeon scatter . ripley breathes in the atmosphere , the beautiful grey . ripley Peter , I be really sorry to put you through this . I just could not face go to the police by myself when my italian 's so rotten . peter do not be daft . it 's fine . I be delighted you finally make it to Venice . I be delighted , contrary to rumour , you be still in one piece ? ripley what rumour ? peter that dickie murder you and be travel under you passport . I know , ridiculous . int . police station , venice . late day . later . ripley sit in the middle of a bustling Police Station , where thefts , tourist , thief and complaint be be process . the Station be in a old brewery or armory . it 's a horrible , monochrome , oppressive place . Peter be in conversation at a desk , turn and walk over to where ripley wait . peter welcome to Venice . this place reek , do not it ? can you smell it ? ugh. sorry . not the best way to spend you first day . ripley it 's okay . peter anyway I have get to the bottom of the delay . finally . we be wait for someone from Rome . ripley ( completely throw ) what do you mean ? they be send someone from Rome ? peter that 's good , be not it ? ripley ( as if suffocating ) no , but I think that do not happen in Italy , that each region be completely separate ! I be sure that be the - peter you have see the papers , you know what a big deal it 's be here . american tourist murder - ripley it 's ridiculous but now you have mention the stench I can hardly breathe . a door open . colonel verrecchia , fresh from Rome , and a sullen wedge of a man , come in , scowling at the couple . ripley dare not look up in case it 's roverini . a policeman introduce he . policeman colonelo verrecchia della polizia di roma . verrecchia ( to Peter , in italian ) qui e ripley ? < i> who be ripley ? </ i> peter ( in italian ) lui . < i> him . </i> verrecchia stride past they and into a smaller , interview room at the back of the station . his manner be ominous . int . police station , interview room , venice . late day . this room be not at all friendly . there be evidence of a lock area for cell at one wall . a small , sour window give onto a canal . the main station be glimpse through some internal window . Peter and ripley come through . verrecchia sit down . verrecchia talk in staccato italian , during which Peter translate . verrecchia Ho assunto io la guida delle indagini in seguito alla negativa valutazione delle disdicevoli circostanze verificatesi con il mio predecessore roverini che come e noto non e riuscito a impedire il verificarsi della scomparsa del signor greenleaf , il quale era l'unica persona al momento passibile di incriminazione del reato di omicidio del signor mile . peter ( translate ) he 's take over the case because ... they be annoyed the previous chap let dickie ... disappear when he be the only , he be the only suspect in freddie 's murder . verrecchia quando e stata l'ultima volta che il signor ripley ha visto il signor greenleaf ? < i > ( when be the last time ripley see greenleaf ? ) < / i> ripley forget he 's not suppose to have much italian and answer . ripley in Rome , about three week ago . ( shrug ) I know that one . peter ( give ripley a look ) a roma , circa tre settimane fa . verrecchia dove e stato il signor ripley da allora ? peter ( translate ) where have you be since then ? ripley I have be backpack . peter I do not know how to translate that . ( he try ) E difficile .... il signor ripley .... dormiva all 'aperto , con un ... verrecchia all'aperto ? col freddo che ha fatto ? peter he think it 's very cold to be sleep outside . verrecchia Il signor ripley ha sviluppate tendenze omosessuali ? peter be you a homosexual ? ( then as himself ) interesting non-sequitur . ripley no. peter ( translate for he ) no. ( as Peter , drily ) by the way , officially there be no italian homosexual . make Leonardo , Michelangelo very inconvenient . ripley tell he I have a fiancÈe , dickie have a fiancÈe and freddie mile probably have a string of they . peter ( translate ) Il signor ripley ha una fidanzata , il signor dickie ha una fidanzata e probabilmente il signor freddie mile ha molte fidanzate . verrecchia ( laugh ) mamma mia , quante fidanzate ! they all laugh . ripley what do he say ? peter he say < i>so many fianch < /i>. verrecchia ( suddenly very tough ) lei ha ucciso prima freddie mile e dopo dickie greenleaf ! vero ? as Peter translate verrecchia watch intently . peter he want to know if you kill freddie mile and then kill dickie greenleaf ? ripley ( outrage ) no I do not . I do not kill freddie mile and then kill dickie greenleaf . be he accuse I ? ( Peter clearly do not ask ) ask he if he 's accuse I ! peter he 's already angry , I do not think - ripley ( interrupt , heat ) just because he do not like Americans ! verrecchia non e questo il luogo per le vostre conversazioni private ! < i > ( this be not the place for you private conversation ) < / i> peter ( appease he ) a ragione . a ragione . < i > ( you be right . you be right . ) < / i> verrecchia hmm . c'e questa ... < i > ( there 's this ... ) < / i> verrecchia hand over a letter . it 's open . ripley 's name on the outside . ripley stare at it . verrecchia ( cont would ) questa lettera e stata trovata nell ' abitazione del signor Richard greenleaf a roma . peter they find this in dickie 's place in Rome . ripley you open this ? verrecchia of course ! he stand and take the letter out . begins to read . he have the look of a man whose privacy have be violate . ripley ( to Peter ) it 's a suicide note . ( to verrecchia ) you ask I all this question and you have already read this suicide note ? int . peter smith -kingsley's apartment . day . there 's music everywhere - and stand - and poster of performance and photograph of peter conducting . Peter be a opera repetiteur . ripley be sit at Peter 's piano , play from the score of vivaldi 's < i> stabat mater < / i>. Peter 's make supper . he 's set the table . peter can you imagine , if dickie do kill freddie , what must that be like ? to wake up every morning , how can you ? just wake up and be a person , drink a coffee ...? ripley whatever you do , however terrible , however hurtful - it all make sense , do not it ? inside you head . you never meet anybody who think they be a bad person or that they be cruel . peter but you be still torment , you must be , you have kill somebody ... ripley do not you put the past in a room , in the cellar , and lock the door and just never go in there ? because that 's what I do . peter probably . in my case it 's probably a whole building . ripley then you meet someone special and all you want to do be toss they the key , say < i>open up , step inside < / i> , but you can not because it 's dark and there be demon and if anybody see how ugly it be ... Peter 's come over , stand behind he over the piano . peter that 's the music talk . harder to be bleak if you be play < i> knee up mother Brown < / i>. he vamp this vaudeville song over ripley 's shoulder . ripley I keep want to do that - fling open the door - let the light in , clean everything out . if I could get a huge eraser and rub everything out ... start with myself ... the thing be , Peter , if ... peter ( as ripley fall silent ) no key , huh ? int . santa maria della pieta , bridge of sigh . day . a young boy sing the soprano part of vivaldi 's stabat mater . a piercingly pure sound in vivaldi 's own church . the orchestra - rehearse - be conduct by Peter from the organ . ripley slip in at the back of the church . he stand and listen . Peter see he , smile . ripley smile back . ext . venice , s.lucia railway station . day . marge appear on the step , carry a overnight bag . ripley and Peter have come to meet she . marge ( kissing he warmly ) hello Peter , so good to see you . ripley hello marge ! marge ( coolly ) Tom . they walk towards the vaporetto . marge ( cont would ) so you find Peter ... peter I think we sort of find each other . marge smile enigmatically . ripley register . peter ( cont would ) where 's dickie 's father ? marge he 's not come till the morning . evidently he stomach - I do not think the food here be agree with he . ripley I be look forward to see he . marge dickie have not kill himself . I be sure of that . there 's a private detective on the case now - a Mr maccarron - dickie 's father 's employ he . ripley that 's a terrific idea . marge he 's american . he 's already discover dickie cashed check for $ 1000 the day before he disappear . they step onto the vaporetto . marge ( cont would ) be that what you do before you jump in the tiber ? I do not think so . ext . ripley's house , venice . day . the boat arrive at the entrance to the house . Peter open the door as ripley collect marge 's bag . marge ( to Peter ) be this you ? peter no , it 's Tom 's . splendid , eh ? marge golly . who 's pay for this ? ripley Peter find it for I . I can afford it because it 's damp and , and fall down . int . ripley's house , venice . day . marge , enter the live room , be astonished at its grandeur . she walk around as ripley head for the bar . marge this be spectacular . peter that 's why Tom want you to stay . it 's better than squeezing into my room , and I know how you hate hotel . marge a hotel would have be fine . ( to ripley ) we will have to tell Mr greenleaf how far he dollar have stretch . ripley be shaking a martini . marge laugh , helpless , somehow raging . Peter turn peter what 's funny ? marge no , nothing . I be just think about when Tom arrive in mongi. ( to ripley ) and now look at you . ripley look at I what ? marge to the manner bear . ext . piazza san marco , venice . day . St Mark 's Square be buzzing with life - tourist , balloon seller - a man play saxophone . herbert greenleaf sit out in the colonade on one of the many table at florian 's Cafe , cradling a glass of hot water . he get up as marge and ripley arrive . ripley Mr greenleaf . herbert greenleaf Tom . how be you ? you look well . ripley I be well , thank you . herbert greenleaf Far cry from New York . ripley yes it be . herbert greenleaf marge , good morning . unusual weather . marge very . ripley and you , sir ? any better ? herbert greenleaf pretty good . stick with hot water . marge where 's Mr maccarron ? herbert greenleaf San remo . the police be amateur . well , my boy , it 's come to a pretty pass , have not it ? ripley yes . what 's the detective hope to find in San remo ? herbert greenleaf he 's be thorough , that 's all . I be learn about my son , Tom , now he 's miss . I be learn a great deal about he . I hope you can fill in some more blank for I . marge have be good enough to do that , about mongibello . ripley I will try my best , sir . obviously I will do anything to help dickie . marge look at he in contempt . herbert greenleaf this theory , the letter he leave for you , the Police think that 's a clear indication he be plan on do something ... to himself . marge I just do not believe that ! herbert greenleaf you do not want to , dear . I would like to talk to Tom alone - perhaps this afternoon ? would you mind ? marge , what a man may say to he sweetheart and what he will admit to another fellow - marge such as ? herbert greenleaf what a waste of life and opportunity and - a saxophonist be blaring away in the piazza . greenleaf suddenly explode . herbert greenleaf ( cont would ) - I would pay that fellow a hundred dollar right now to shut up ! int . ripley's house . afternoon . Herbert greenleaf sit on a chair , ripley pour he some tea . herbert greenleaf ( read , plunging into gloom ) no , marge do not know the half of it . ripley I think it might hurt she to know . herbert greenleaf and he passport photo ? do you hear ? to scratch out you own face like that - can you imagine - the frame of mind you would have to be in ? ( read ) < i > I have think about go to the police but I can not face it . I can not face anything anymore . </ i > ripley I feel guilty . I feel like I push he away . I speak and he hear you . herbert greenleaf ( such a disappointed father ) well , if we all push he away what about he push we away ? you have be a great friend to my son . everything be someone else 's fault . we all want to sow wild oar . somebody 's get to - what 's the word ? ( ripley shake he head ) the moment someone confront he he lash out . he lash out . you know , people always say you can not choose you parent , but you can not choose you child . int . ripley's house , venice . dusk . ripley wake up from a awful , chill nightmare , he head full of ghost . he 's cramped up in a armchair , he arm in sine foetal protection . he door knocker be be repeatedly shaken . he surface thickly , stumble to the door . it 's Peter and marge . ripley I be sorry . I be asleep . I must have fall asleep . peter you look ghastly , Tom . be you okay ? marge do dickie 's dad go ? ripley he 's have a early night . marge poor man . ( she head to she room ) we be knock on that door for ever . ( she fiddle inside the sleeve of she dress ) I think I have break my strap . peter not guilty . ripley I will fix some drink . marge you < i>walk < / i> in Venice ! she take off she shoe , examine she foot for wear and tear , then disappear into the bedroom . Peter walk over to ripley , a little concerned . peter be you okay ? ripley I be fine . peter ( a hand on he shoulder ) do you want I to stick around ? ripley it 's okay . peter or I could come back . ripley look at he . that 's never happen . he dig in he pocket , find he key , give it to Peter . Peter smile . peter ( cont would ) you key . int . ripley's bathroom , venice . night . ripley 's in the bath . marge knock on he door . marge ( o/s ) Tom ? ripley marge , I be in the bath . wo not be long . marge ( o/s ) Tom , I need to talk to you . it 's urgent . ripley , irritate , open the door , he towel wrap around he waist . marge be white . she 's wear a robe . she 's slightly breathless . marge I find dickie 's ring . ripley what ? marge you have get dickie 's ring . ripley I can explain . he can not . his eye dart . marge hold up the evidence . marge dickie promise I he would never take off this ring . ripley let I put on some clothes and then we can talk about this . marge I have to tell Mr greenleaf . I have to tell Mr greenleaf . I have to tell Mr greenleaf . ripley marge , calm down , you be be hysterical . marge he promise I . < i> I swear I will never take off this ring until the day -< / i> ripley shut up ! shut up ! his towel slip off from he waist . ripley ( cont would ) I be wet , marge , I have lose my towel , I would really like to put my clothes on . so go and pour we both a drink , will you ? she go off obediently , a zombie . he shut the door . immediately he start look for something , anything , to kill marge with . he 's get a shoe but it feel too light . he open cabinet , drawer - nail scissors , nothing - then pick up he straight razor and consider it in the mirror . int . ripley's sitting room , venice . night . marge be leave , coat on , as ripley come out of the bathroom . ripley marge ? where be you go ? marge ( like a creature catch in headlight ) I be look for a needle and thread . I be not snooping . I be look for a needle and thread to mend my bra . ripley the scent you be wear . I buy it for you , not dickie . the thing about dickie . so many thing . the day he be late back from Rome - I try to tell you this - he be with another girl . I be not talk about meredith , another girl we meet in a bar . he could not be faithful for five minute . so when he make a promise it do not mean what it mean when you make a promise . or I do . he have so many reality , dickie , and he believe they all . he lie . he lie , that 's he ... half the time he do not even realize . a SMALL red stain be appear on the pocket of he robe . as he speak the stain spread . he look at it absently . ripley ( cont would ) today , for the first time , I have even wonder whether he might have kill freddie . he would get so crazy if anybody contradict he - well , you know that . marge . I love you - you might as well know - I love you , and because he know I love you , he let you think I love he . do not you see , could not you see ? I do not know , maybe it 's grotesque to say this now , so just write it on a piece of paper or something , and keep it in you purse for a rainy day . < i> Tom love I . </ i > marge ( as if she would hear nothing ) why do you have dickie 's ring ? his hand go to he pocket . he's go to have to do it . ripley I tell you . he give they to I . marge why ? when ? ripley I feel as if you have not hear anything I have be say to you . marge I do not believe you . ripley it 's all true . marge I do not believe a single word you have say . marge be shiver . ripley , ominous , advance , she retreat . ripley you be shiver , marge . can I hold you ? would you let I hold you ? marge panic , back up against the door . she scream and turn straight into the arm of a startle peter who 's come back to visit ripley , and be unlock the door . marge ( sobbing uncontrollably ) oh Peter ! get I out of here . ripley storm off . his hand come out of he pocket cover in blood from the razor . Peter notice , appal . peter Tom , be you okay ? ripley you try . you try talk to she . peter ( call after he ) tom. Tom ! tell I , what 's go on ? ripley ( not turn around ) I give up . int . ripley house , live room . night . Peter have just put a band - aid over ripley 's cut hand . peter you can not be angry with she . she 's upset and need someone to blame . so she blame you . I will go home and talk to she . as for you - either get a safety razor or grow a beard . int . lobby , europa regina HOTEL , venice . morning . ripley hurry through the gleam marble entrance . int . herbert greenleafx suite , europa regina . day . ripley knock on the door . it 's open by a face he do not recognize . a middle - age heavy set man . it 's maccarron , the private investigator . ripley be Mr greenleaf here ? maccarron Mr ripley ? I be Alvin maccarron . marge ( o/s ) < i > I do not know , I do not know , I just know it . </ i> herbert greenleaf ( o/s ) < i > marge , there 's female intuition , and then there be fact -< / i > greenleaf sit with a scrubbed marge , she hair pull back , as if newly - widow . the ring sit glinting on the coffee table . herbert greenleaf Tom . ripley hello , sir. ( smile thinly at marge ) marge , you should have wait , do not Peter tell you I would come by and pick you up ? herbert greenleaf marge have be tell we about the ring . ripley you know I feel ridiculous I do not mention they yesterday - I clean forget - ridiculous . herbert greenleaf perhaps you do not mention they because there 's only one conclusion to be draw . ripley worry about what that conclusion be as Mr greenleaf head into he bedroom . herbert greenleaf ( cont would ) I be go to take marge for a little walk , Tom . Mr maccarron want to talk with you . ripley ( feel cage in ) we could go down to the bar - no need for you to - herbert greenleaf no , he should talk to you alone . he help marge to she foot and lead she out . ripley be paralysed . he wait for the door to shut . aimlessly he walk out onto the terrace , with its staggering , beautiful and indifferent view . ext . europa regina , the greenleaf terrace . day . ripley stand , steel himself for maccarron 's charge . ripley I could probably see my bedroom from here . I can see my house . when you see where you live from a distance it 's like a dream , be not it ? maccarron ( come out ) I do not care for b.s. I do not care to hear it . I do not care to speak it . ripley okay . maccarron why do you think dickie 's father send he to Europe in the first place ? do you know at Princeton dickie greenleaf half - kill a boy ? ripley turn , shocked . maccarron ( cont would ) at a party . over some girl . he kick the kid several time in the head . put he in the hospital . the boy have a wire fix in he jaw . the Rome Police do not think to ask Mr greenleaf . maccarron get up . maccarron ( cont would ) nor do they think to check whether a Thomas ripley have ever be a student at Princeton University . I turn up a Tom ripley who would be a piano tuner in the music department . ripley 's head drop . maccarron ( cont would ) see - in America we be teach to check a fact before it become a fact . we be teach to nose around when a girl drown herself , find out if that girl be pregnant , find out if dickie have a embarrassment there . ripley do not know where this barrage be go . maccarron ( cont would ) Mr greenleaf appreciate you loyalty . he really do . marge , she 's get a hundred theory , but there be a few thing she do not know . we hope she never know . ripley I hope she never know . maccarron Three different people see dickie get into freddie mile ' car . a man who will not identify himself because he be jump someone else 's wife at the time see dickie remove license plate from a red sport car . the Police know about this man because he happen to be a policeman . he walk out of the room , return carry the license plate from freddie 's car . maccarron ( cont would ) I find this in the basement of dickie 's apartment . they belong to freddie 's car . Mr greenleaf have ask I to lose they in the canal this evening . ripley can not believe what he 's hearing . it 's like a dream . maccarron ( cont would ) Mr greenleaf also feel there be a silent promise in dickie 's letter to you which he intend to honor . he intend to transfer a good part of dickie 's income from he trust into you name . he do not intend to give the italian police any information about dickie 's past . he 's rather hope you will feel the same . there be a silence in which this strange compact be agree . ext . europa regina mooring . day . ripley stand with marge , Mr greenleaf and maccarron at the water 's edge - motor launch growl . they shake hand , and then maccarron and Mr greenleaf get into the launch . Herbert greenleaf carry the saxophone case . ripley ( to marge ) I feel I never should have say that thing to you the other evening . I be pretty flustered , the ring and - and you look so , I do not know . marge shake she head to silence he . ripley ( cont would ) but I hope that note go to New York in you purse , for a rainy day . marge what be you go to do now , Tom ? ripley I do not know . Peter have a concert in athen next month - and he 's ask if I want to go along , help out . he say goodbye by the way - he 's in rehearsal , otherwise - marge why do I think there 's never be a ripley rainy day ? ripley what ? marge ( lung at he ) I know it be you - I know it be you , Tom . I know it be you . I know you kill dickie . I know it be you . ripley oh marge . he put he hand out to control she . she push it away . start to lash out at he , the frustration too much , so that ripley have to cover he face . maccarron come off the boat to restrain she . ripley look at he as if to say : < i> what can you do , she 's hysterical . < / i> maccarron nod , pull she on to the boat . greenleaf catch ripley 's eye , guiltily . turn away . they stand silhouett as the launch revs up and surge off towards open water , pass the little fleet of gondolas . ext . ferry for athens , naple . day . a week later and Peter and ripley be on the deck of the ferry , the hellene , as it sail towards Greece . they be laugh . ripley ask I what I want to change about this moment . peter what do you want to change about this moment ? ripley nothing . int . peter' cabin . dusk . Peter 's in a bathrobe organise he currency , he traveller 's cheque . ripley knock on the door , come in . peter hello . what be you up to ? ripley all kind of thing . make plan . peter plan - good , plan for tonight or plan for the future ? ripley I do not know . both . my plan right now be to go up on deck , look at the sunset . come with I . peter you go . I do not want to get dress yet . come back though . come back . ( smile at he ) you know , you look so relaxed , like a completely different person . ripley well , that 's entirely you fault . and , if I fall overboard , that will be you fault too . ext . deck of the hellene . sunset . ripley stand on deck , stare at the magnificent sunset . then a voice shake he from he reverie . meredith dickie ? dickie ? he turn . he 's catch . suddenly he 's dickie . meredith ( cont would ) dickie , my God ! ripley hello meredith . meredith I be look at you , you clothes , I would not have know you ... ripley well , you have spot I and so you get the reward . meredith what ? ripley just kid . be you alone ? meredith hardly . I could not be less alone . meredith point to the upper deck balcony where two older couple be walk around the deck . ripley of course . aunt Joan . meredith and co . a lot of co . oh , God , I have think about you so much . ripley I have think about you . and now he 's think < i> I can not kill they all ... </ i> meredith when I think about you I be mostly hat you . where have you be hide ? ripley I have not be hide . I have be in Police custody . they have be try to flush out freddie 's killer . meredith you be kid . ripley they be let I have this vacation . which be why the get-up . which be why you have not hear from I . meredith you know , the whole world think you kill freddie ? it 's terrible . ripley I know . look , I can not talk now . later. later ? he kiss she . full of future . meredith so - be you travel under r? ripley you know what - I be . meredith dickie , be you with Peter Smith - kingsley ? I bet you be . my aunt think she see he . ripley ( horrify ) Peter Smith - kingsley ? I have not see he in month . no , I be alone . ( and he understand this be not any kind of lie ) int . peter' cabin . night . Peter 's work on he score , lie on he front , apparently engross . ripley knock and enter . look long at Peter . peter how be it ? ripley good . but I think we should stay in here for the rest of the trip . peter be that meredith ? ripley ( sigh ) be who meredith ? peter meredith logue . you be kissing somebody . look like meredith . ripley hardly kissing . kiss off . peter do not look that way - you know - from a distance . ripley I lie . to she . she think she would see you . peter why lie ? ripley dickie and Peter , that 's just too good gossip , be not it ? peter or < i> Tom < / i > and Peter even . ripley well that would be even better gossip . peter really , why ? ( completely lose ) sorry , I be completely lose . ripley I know . I be lose , too . I be go to be stick in the basement , be not I , that 's my , that 's my - terrible and alone and dark - and I have lie about who I be , and where I be , and so nobody can ever find I . peter what do you mean < i>lied about who you be ? </ i> ripley I suppose I always think - better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody . peter what be you talk about - you be not a nobody ! that 's the last thing you be . ripley Peter , I ... I ... peter ( conciliatory ) and do not forget . I have the key . ripley you have the key . tell I some good thing about Tom ripley . do not get up . just tell I some nice thing . he sit on the bed , lean against Peter . his eye be brim with tear . he take the cord from Peter 's robe and begin twist it in he hand . peter good thing about Tom ripley ? could take some time !... Tom be talented . Tom be tender ... Tom be beautiful ... ripley ( during this , and tender ) you be such a liar ... peter ... Tom be a mystery ... ripley be press against he , move up he body , kiss he shoulder , the cord wrap tight in he hand ... int . ripley's cabin . night . ripley return to he cabin . sit on the bed , desolate . peter ( o/s ) ( cont would ) < i>... Tom be not a nobody . Tom have secret he do not want to tell I , and I wish he would . Tom have nightmare . that 's not a good thing . Tom have someone to love he . that be a good thing ! ( feel ripley 's weight on he ) Tom be crush I . Tom be crush I . ( suddenly alarmed ) Tom , you be crush I ! < / i > the door of he closet flip open with the swell and he catch he reflection . it swing shut . open then shut . through the porthole the weather 's change as the light die . there 's a swell as the horizon rise and fall in the round glass . ripley , alone , in a nightmare of he own make . the end . < i> lullaby for cain < / i > from the silence from the night come a distant lullabye Cry , remember that first cry you brother stand by and love both love beloved son of mine sing a lullabye mother be close by innocent eye such innocent eye envy steal you brother 's life come home murder peace of mind leave you nightmare on the pillow sleep now soul , surrender you soul the heart of you not whole for love but love what toll cast into the dark brand with the mark of shame of cain from the garden of God 's light to a wilderness of light sleep now sleep now .