the godfather part two screenplay by mario puzo and Francis Ford coppola second draft September 24 , 1973 fade in : the paramount picture logo be present over a simple black background , as a single trumpet play the familiar theme of a waltz . White lettering fade in : mario puzo 's the godfather there be a pause , as the trumpet conclude , and there be the additional title : - part two - int . don corleone's old office - close view on michael corleone - day stand impassively , like a young Prince , recently crown King . close view on Michael 's hand . rocco lampone kiss he hand . then it be take away . we can see only the empty desk and chair of Michael 's father , vito corleone . we hear , over this , very faintly a funeral dirge play in the distance , as the view move slowly closer to the empty desk and chair . dissolve to : ext . a sicilian landscape - full view - day we can barely make out the funeral procession pass over the burnt-brown of a dry river bed . the figure move slowly , seemingly from out of hundred of year of the past . the musician walk unsteadily on the rocky bed , they instrument harsh and blaring . they be follow by six young peasant man , carry the crude wooden coffin on they shoulder . then the widow , a strong large woman , dress in black , and not accept the arm of that walk with she . behind she , not more than twenty relative , few child and paisani continue alone behind the coffin . suddenly , we hear the shot of the lupara , and the musician stop they play . the entire procession scatter in odd direction along the rocky river bed . the young man struggle with the burden of the heavy coffin , throw it out of balance and nearly crash to the ground . we hear a woman scream : woman ( sicilian ) they have kill young paolo ! they have kill the boy paolo ! ext . sicilian landscape - mo . view - day across the slain body of a fourteen year old boy , lie on the parched ground . in the distance we see four or five of the mourn woman , the wind blow they black dress and veil , run up to the body of the boy . they begin to wail , and cry out in anguish sicilian , as the widow , the mother of the murder boy , hold she child in she arm , he fresh blood wetting she strong hand . ext . baronial estate - tight moving view - day a boy , eight or nine , with wide , frighten eye , be pull quickly by the hand . this be vito andolini , who be to become the godfather . the view alter revealing that he be be pull along by he mother , the widow , across a field lead to the ornamental gate of a baronial estate of some forget Noble . at various position near the gate be man with shotgun , or lupara . the gate be open ; and the widow and she boy be show before don francesco , a man in he sixty . he wear he trousers with suspender , and a open white shirt sloppily tuck in over he enormous belly . he wear a hat to protect he from the white - hot sun , and proudly display a gold watch and chain over he vest . he sit in a chair , near a group of he man in the garden , listen to the widow , who stand before he with she only son . widow ( sicilian ) Don francesco . you murder my husband , because he would not bend . and he oldest son paolo , because he swore revenge . but vitone be only nine , and dumb-witted . he never speak . don francesco ( sicilian ) I be not afraid of he word . widow ( sicilian ) he be weak . don francesco ( sicilian ) he will grow strong . widow ( sicilian ) the child can not harm you . don francesco ( sicilian ) he will be a man , and then he will come for revenge . as she plead , the widow move closer to the Don , until she have practically throw herself to she knee before he . widow ( sicilian ) I beg you , Don francesco , spare my only son . he be all I have . in the name of the Holy Spirit , I swear he will never be a danger to you ... suddenly , she reach under she skirt , where she have hide a kitchen knife . widow ( continue ) but I will kill you myself ! ( she lunge at the mafia chieftain ) vitone , go ! the boy run as fast as he can out through the gate . then there be a lupara blast . he turn , and see he mother flung a distance of five foot from the short range of the terrible blast of the shotgun . then he see the man turn they attention to he . one fire at he ; but the boy be quick , and disappear into a grove of olive tree . ext . street of corleone - night two man roam the desert street of corleone , carry lupare . every so often , they stop , and one shout in a loud , almost singsong voice , like a fish peddler . they name be mosca and strollo . mosca ( sicilian ) we friend promise misery to anyone who harbor the boy vito andolini . ( he turn and shout in the other direction ) we friend promise misery to anyone who harbor the boy vito andolini . int . a house - night a family quietly eat they dinner . the father be the local policeman , as indicate by he uniform jacket and gun , hang nearby . strollo ( sicilian , o.s. ) we friend will be hard with any family who give help to vito andolini . one of the child look up , about to speak . but the father sternly indicate that nothing must be say . they go on with they dinner . ext . the street of corleone - full view - night the man continue walk up and throughout the street , far in the distance . mosca ( sicilian o.s. ) ... misery to any family who harbor the boy , vito ... int . a barn - night four little girl watch with wide eye as they mother and father bind vito tightly in swaddle cloth , and then lift he up to the side of a mule ; counter - balance a heavy load of firewood . the father look at the boy 's almost stoically calm little face . father ( sicilian ) vito ... we pray for you . he pull the fabric over the boy 's face . mosca ( sicilian o.s. ) ... andolini ... strollo ( sicilian o.s. ) we friend promise misery to any family ... ext . the church plaza - night the man continue on they night - walk , up to the plaza of the church . strollo ( sicilian ) ... who harbor the boy vitone andolini . the figure of a single man on a mule pass they . mosca ( sicilian ) let no one give help to the boy vito andolini ... the man on the mule make he way out of the village and disappear into the distance . we begin to hear , very quietly , the waltz repeat once again . ext . steamship - close view on vito - day huddle in blanket , on the deck of the ship in steerage . he do not say a word . the waltz grow louder as the view alter , revealing the hundred of immigrant family huddle together with all they earthly possession on they way to America . then , suddenly , the waltz stop . the new york harbor - day silence . we glide past the statue of Liberty . view on the immigrant stand on shipboard silently ; look . vito be stand with they , he eye wide . camera move in on the statue , then moving past , on to the beautiful building of Ellis Island . ext . ellis island - day a tugboat pull a barge brim with immigrant into the Ellis Island harbor . uniform official of the Immigration service load they up toward the main building . int . ellis processing hall - day the hundred of immigrant family sit on row of bench in the great hall . various paint line lead to the step and processing room above . there be the babble of many interview go on simultaneously , uncertainly , in different language . vito be bundle in a old coat , with a large tag pin on it : " vitone andolini -- corleone , sicilia . " he stand , move up in the line , when several other immigrant boy , older than he , rush up a push he back in the line . weak from the trip , he fall to the floor . the boy laugh , derisive in a language he cannot understand . he struggle to he foot , lift he makeshift bag ; stare at they in a icy hatred . int . processing room - day Three or four interview be crowded into the small room ; they be conduct in English . from the expression on vito 's face , and from the fragment of the English , we realize that he do not understand a word of it . official ( English ) what be you name ? the man wait , impatiently . official you name ? vito do not answer . the official pull the tag pin onto he coat and copy to down on he form , use a typewriter . official ( speak as he type ) vito ... corleone . step up , over there . he hand the form to another official . close view on the form . the name have be enter as vito corleone . int . medical exam - day vito be stripped to the waist , as other immigrant wait . the doctor be just finish he examination . he shake he head , and then write on the medical form . doctor can you understand I ? vito stare blankly . doctor you understand ? smallpox . smallpox . he do not understand . the doctor turn to the Immigration official . doctor quarantine ... six month . underground passageway - moving view - day official move a group of immigrant man , include vito , to the quarantine section of the Island . int . quarantine hallway - day the official stop at each doorway , and read off a name . official salvatore ormenta . the man move into the room , and the group proceed . official vito corleone . no one respond . the guard move to the boy , read he new name tag . and then , not unkindly : guard that 's you . he open the door , and vito enter the room . ext . the statue of LIBERTY - day the view slowly begin to pull back , revealing this to be the view from inside the quarantine cell , where vito stand on he bench , look out to the statue through the bar window . then he turn , and sit in the corner . he be silent for a long time . then , in a sweet , pure voice , he sing to himself in sicilian . dissolve to : int . catholic church - moving close shot - day a nine year old boy , dress immaculately in white , with a large white silk bow tie to he shoulder , move slowly down the aisle of the church with a group of other child dress in white . he have dark black hair , and he face be unmistakably similar to young vito 's . he move slowly , he hand clasped around a golden missal . we hear only the pure voice of vito in sicilian , he sad song reach out from the past , as ANTHONY corleone , he grandson , move on the way to he first Holy Communion more than fifty year later . full view the little child move in procession down to the altar , where the priest raise the host , and perform the Communion mass in Latin . priest ecce agnus dei , ecce qui tollit peccata mundi . moving view on the priest and altar boy , as he move along the row of kneel child , bless they , and administer they first Communion . close moving view as the innocent face receive the host ; finally , the Priest come to Anthony . priest Corpus christi . ANTHONY amen . ext . lake tahoe estate - day the lawn of this great estate on the shore of Lake tahoe be cover with guest of a wonderful party to honor the first Holy Communion of Anthony corleone , the son of Mr. and Mrs. Michael corleone . a full dance orchestra play music of the time on a pavilion bandstand build especially for the occasion . speedboat roar through the water , pull youthful waterskier ; and the pool and private harbor be fill with laugh , swim guest . it be fall of 1958 . mo . view Anthony , in he Communion suit sit alone at the table , look like a lonely young Prince . kay ( o.s. ) smile , Anthony . smile . he do , and a flash go off . photographer ( o.s. ) now , one with the whole family . kay ( o.s. ) Mr. corleone can not right now ... kay corleone enter from the side , lead she four year old daughter , mary , and mama corleone to pose with Anthony . kay ( o.s. ) ... but we will get one with the lady . photographer all together now , c'mon , Anthony ... cheese and ( flash ) kay thank you . she smile as she leave the photographer , and then let out a weary sigh to mama , as she touch the slightly protrude belly . kay do you think it will show in the picture ? mama two month never show . two month look like you have a big lunch . voice ( o.s. ) oh , Mrs. corleone . a slender , aristocratic woman in she late forty be wave to kay . mrs . barrett hello , Mrs. corleone . I be Fran Barrett , we place be just down the lake . this be my husband , Marshall . kay I be so happy you could come . mr. barrett the place be transformed . we have be watch workmen come and go all summer . mrs . barrett where be Mr. corleone ? kay a business meeting run late ... but he promise he would not be long . Kay put she arm around little Anthony 's shoulder . kay this be we son Anthony vito corleone . today he make he first Holy Communion . ext . tahoe gate and kennel - day a confusion of car ; arrive and parking . the squad of parking attendant be supplement by a whole team of the local Police , work as high - class parking valet . a very beautiful , statuesque woman , though slightly drunk , deanna dunn , slam the door of a powder blue mercede and hurry barefoot through the great stone gate . deanna I will not shut my mouth , and keep you goddamn hand off of I ! she be follow by a harry , freddie corleone , dress with flash in the Hollywood style , and carry she shoe in he hand . fredo honey ! wait a minute ; let 's go for a drive . deanna I just have a drive ; besides , I want to see my brother - in - law Michael . fredo ( try to get she to put she shoe on ) yeah , but I do not want he to see you . deanna pause reflectively a moment , allow fredo to get she shoe on . deanna what beat I , be how you guy could be brother . you musta be you mother 's rotten egg . she kick off the shoe , giggle , and run toward a waiter . deanna ( lift a glass of champagne ) Young man , young man ... thank you , young man . waiter ( impressed ) Excuse I , but be not you ... deanna yes , you see I in the movie , good humor man , and yes , I have more off than my shoe ! fredo goddamn bitch . deanna relax , freddie honey . come dance with I . she extend she hand to he . fredo listen , Michael 's get a lot of nice people here . Friends of kay' . he will never forgive I if you ruin he party . deanna I hate to see you cringe in front of he . how come you be so scared of you own kid brother ? fredo he 's the head of the family . disgust , she turn around , and head toward the music . deanna do not follow I ! ext . tahoe lawn and table - mo . shot - day rushing through the table , wave a arm jangling with gold jewelry , and carry several gift - wrap package , be a harden and aging connie corleone . she be follow by a blond , and wrinkle - handsome escort name merle . connie mama ... mama ! here I be ! she throw she arm around she mother , who return the affection somewhat reproachfully . mama constanzia . we expect you last week ; we send the car to pick you up at the airport last week . connie I know , it be chaos ; but anyway , here I be one week late . ( lift a shiny green package out of merle 's arm ) this be for my mama . you remember merle ? mama ( not give he a chance to greet she ) yes , thank you . connie how be the kid ? mama well , thank you , they ask for you all week . connie I get surprise for everybody ! mama ( glance at the wrapping ) buy at the airport . connie ( gaze about ) this be swell . where 's Michael ? I have get thing to get straight with he and I can not wait on line . mama you go see you child first , and then you wait to see you brother like everybody else . ext . the boathouse - day a porch - like foyer of the boathouse , where a group of five or six man wait , some nervously . some sit , and some pace . mo . close view on one of this man , frankie pentangeli , approach he sixty , with gray hair ( the little of it leave ) . he 's a bit scruffy , this morning 's shave of he white beard be not perfect , and he seem tired . he be accompany by a associate- bodyguard , willy cicci ; thin and dark , and also dress up for the occasion . frankie try to get the attention of one of the waiter ; a college - groom young man in white sport jacket and black bow-tie . pentangeli hey , kid ! you get any red wine ? waiter ( offer the tray ) only champagne and cocktail . pentangeli forget it ... finally , he see someone he recognize , fredo , and shout out in a husky voice : pentangeli fredo ! sonuvabitch . you look great . fredo squint in he direction ; finally recognize he . fredo who 's that ? pentangeli ? frankie " five -angel " ... think you be never come West . pentangeli ( affectionately ) gotta check up on my boy . hey , what 's with the food ? some kid in a white jacket bring I a ritz cracker with some chop liver . ' canape , ' he say . I say , ' can a peas , my ass , that 's a ritz cracker with chop liver . ' go get I a salami sandwich and a glass of wine or I will send you and you white jacket to the dry cleaner ! they get a good laugh at this fresh breath of New York . fredo gee , frankie , it 's good to see you . remind I of old time . pentangeli you remember willy cicci , do not you , freddie ? we be all together with the old man clemenza in Brooklyn ... before ...uh ... fredo we be all upset about that . pentangeli that 's what I be here to talk to you brother about . what 's with he , I get to get a letter of introduction to have a ' sitdown ' ? fredo ( throw he arm around he ) c'mon , I see what I can do . ext . tahoe pavilion - mo . view - day the orchestra wear white summer sportcoat and black tuxedo slack as they play a tango behind monogramm music stand . a professional dance team , probably import from Vegas , dance the tango for the excited guest . int . tahoe boathouse - day a large and very beautiful room overlook the lake . it be dominate by a enormous bar , behind which stand albert neri , discreetly in the background . michael corleone sit on a large sofa , he back to we . stand to one side be a tired and somewhat uneasy tom hagen . stand before Michael be sandra corleone , sonny 's widow ; she daughter , one of the twin , francesca corleone , and a handsome young man of twenty , gardner shaw . sandra Michael , this be gardner Shaw . francesca and he have be see each other for six month now . gardner , this be francie 's uncle Michael . gardner ( a little nervous ) I have hear a lot about you , Mr. corleone . michael ( o.s. ) sit down . francie . the couple sit themselves on the sofa opposite Michael . sandra they would like to set a engagement date , and ... michael let they speak for themselves . view on michael , calm , thoughtful . one can tell that he have special affection for he niece . francesca we love each other , uncle Michael . and , we want to be marry . I come to ask for you bless . there be a loud knocking on the door ; then fredo 's voice . fredo ( o.s. ) hey , Mike ... guess who 's here ? neri go to answer it , crack the door open . neri not now , freddie ... fredo tell Mike frankie ' five - angel ' be here . neri not now ... neri close the door , and Michael look at the nervous young man . michael francesca be my oldest brother 's daughter . he die many year ago , and ever since I have feel much more of a father than a uncle . I love she very much . I be pleased and impressed that you have the think to come to I before go on with you plan . it show I that you be a considerate man , and will be good to she . what be you study in college ? gardner my major be Fine Arts , sir . michael how will Fine Arts support you new wife ? gardner it 's embarrassing to say , sir , but I be a major stockholder in the family corporation . michael ( smile ) never be embarrassed by you wealth . this recent contempt for money be still another trick of the rich to keep the poor without it . ( warmly ) of course I give you my bless . let 's set the wedding soon ... it will be my pleasure to give the bride away . they all smile , and rise . michael ( continue ) ... and take a few course in Business administration just to be on the safe side ! they laugh ; Michael move toward they . francesca throw she arm around he , and kiss she favorite uncle . the flushed young man shake he hand heartily . francesca thank you , uncle Michael . they all take they leave ; Michael turn to hagen . michael make she dowry impressive . he come from a family who still think a italian bride go barefoot . ext . tahoe swimming pool and harbor - day francesca and gardner be greet by she twin sister and they young friend , who squeal and embrace at the good news . someone throw someone in the pool , and life be good . mo . close francesca kiss she aunt Kay . francesca uncle Michael be the great man ever ! view on Kay - happy for she niece . int . tahoe boathouse - day Michael sit in the darken boathouse . Tom hagen pace . Michael be look at photograph . neri stand over he . close on michael study the picture . neri ( o.s. ) his name be Fred Vincent . he own a small pizza parlor in buffalo ... close on the picture snapshot of a middle - age man , handsome , italian . there be something familiar about he . neri ( o.s. ) ( continue ) ... american wife and two small kid . we trace he and find that he 's in the country illegally , from Sicily ... Michael look at another picture . the same man . only young , and dress in sicilian shepherd 's clothing . we remember he as fabrizzio ... Michael 's traitorous bodyguard in Sicily . neri ( o.s. ) ... come over around 1956 . sponsor by the barzini family . Michael put the picture down . michael it 's he . fabrizzio . ( almost to himself ) revenge be a dish that taste best when it 's cold . neri how do you want I to handle it ? Michael glance at hagen , who have be wait in the room . michael later . Tom ? hagen bring he a folder ; then , as Michael glance through it : hagen I have clear it through the Senator 's chief aide , a man name turnbull . turnbull 's a heavy gambler , and into we for over a hundred grand , so I figure he information be reliable . neri move to the bar , to prepare Michael a drink . hagen the Senator can be set up ; but he think of himself as a clean politician . so it 's get to be on term he can live with : campaign contribution , donation to a charitable cause that he control , thing like that . if he get even the inkling that you think you be buy he , he will freeze up . nevada 's a funny state , they like thing both way here ... all right . turnbull say the Senator will be here at two - thirty , and he 's be prime . he know you will want to meet with he alone , and he know it 's about the tropicana 's license . at any rate , he expect to be introduce around to some of the influential people here today , and generally treat as a ordinary guest . just go light on he , mikey , sometimes the biggest crook do not like to think of themselves as crook ... Michael glance at hagen , as though that last remark be unnecessary . hagen I be sorry ; of course , you know that . michael two-thirty . that give I time to see my boy . hagen connie 's outside . Michael do not want to see she . hagen I promise ; she say it be urgent . Michael nod . michael all right . apologize to pentangeli . neri open the door ; hagen exit , and connie step in impatiently , follow by merle . michael I say I would see my sister , alone . merle I think this concern I too . ( take a cigarette from the dispenser ) you do not , do you ? connie step forward , kiss Michael on the cheek . connie how be you , honey ? you have meet merle , have not you . he be with I in Vegas . michael I see he with you . connie we be go to Europe next week . I want to get passage book on the Queen . michael why do you come to I ? why do not you go to a travel agent ? merle we be go to get marry first . Michael be silent . then he rise , and move to the window overlook the lake . michael the ink on you divorce be not dry . you child see you on weekend ; you oldest boy , Michael Francis ... be in some trouble with the reno police over some petty theft that you do not even know about . connie Michael ... michael you fly around the world with lazy young man who do not have any love for you , and use you like a whore . connie you be not my father ! michael then why do you come to I ? connie because I need money ! michael ( softly ) connie , I want to be reasonable with you . you have a house here , with we . you can live here with you kid ... and you will not be deprive of anything . I do not know much about merle ; I do not know what he do for a live ; what he life on . why do not you tell he marriage be really out of the question ; and that you can not see he any more . he will understand . but if you disobey I , and marry this pimp ... it would disappoint I . connie it be my father 's money ; and I be entitle to what I need . where be Tom hagen ? she turn angrily , leave Michael stand face to face with merle . michael be you finish ? merle I think so . michael then out . merle put out he cigarette and leave , quickly . ext . tahoe pavilion - full view - day the orchestra have strike up a " Paul Jones , " where two concentric circle of young people march in opposite direction , until the music stop . then they take whomever be opposite they as they new dance partner . view on the harbor area francesca and she twin , gardner and they elite young friend roar out of the private harbor , to get up on the water skis . we notice rocco lampone , move along a path lead to a separate and more private boathouse . a small cover craft approach , tie off , and a group of three man step on to the pathway , shake hand with lampone - and follow he to the large boathouse where Michael conduct he business . close view pentangeli have lead mama up to the dance floor , and be have some difficulty with the orchestra . pentangeli I can not believe that out of thirty professional musician , not one of you be italian ! ( as the musician laugh ) c'mon , give we a tarantella . he wave he hand , conduct , and sing . the piano start a vamp , the drum uncertainly join in . a clarinet start to play " pop go the weasel , " and soon the rest of the orchestra be play that . they look to pentangeli for approval . disgust , he go back to he table , eat a handful of canape . int . the boathouse - day rocco usher a older italian , bundle up against the cold and wet of he boatride , to Michael . the man show respect to Michael , who quickly indicate that neri should get he a drink . michael rocco , he friend must be hungry . see what you can do , but I would like to keep they away from the guest . the older man , johnny ' blue boy ' ola , gesture to he bodyguard , and they follow lampone . michael you know my lawyer , Tom hagen . johnny ola . ola sure , I remember Tom from the old day . Tom shake hand with ola , remember he , and he importance . michael Tom be not go to sit in with we , johnny . he only handle specific area of the family business . Tom ? hagen sure , mikey . he gather up some of he papers , as the three man remain silent , wait for he to go before they talk . it 's clear Tom do not want to be exclude . hagen if you need anything , just ... michael just tell rocco I be wait . hagen nod and leave . as soon as the door close : ola I just leave we friend in Miami . michael how be he health ? ola not good . michael be there anything I can do ; anything I can send ? ola he appreciate you concern , Michael , and you respect . there 's a knock on the door ; a moment , and then rocco quietly enter and take he place without disturbing the conversation . ola the hotel 's register owner be one Jacob lawrence , and sidney Barclay , both beverly Hills attorney . in reality it 's split between the Old lakeville Road Group from Cleveland , and we friend in Miami . he take care of other outside the country , you know who I mean . meyer klingman run the store , and do all right , but I have be instruct to tell you , that if you move he out , we friend in Miami will go along with you . michael he 's very kind , tell he it 's appreciate . I be sure it will be profitable all the way around . ola he always make money for he partner . one by one , we old friend be go . death , natural or not , prison , deport . we friend in Miami be the only one leave , because he always make money for he partner . the door open suddenly , and stand there in he white Communion suit , be Michael 's boy Anthony . a moment later , Kay appear , and take the boy 's hand . kay Anthony , daddy 's busy . michael ( rise ) this be my boy , and my wife . Mr. John ola of Miami . kay I be sorry , Michael . Senator geary 's here , and Mr. and Mrs. Barrett want to thank you before they leave . wo not you join we , Mr. ola ? michael Mr. ola 's just leave , Kay . please tell the Senator I will not be a minute . pause ; she stand there a moment . michael ( continue ) Kay . kay yes , Michael . ext . the boathouse - day Kay close the door . it seem as though Michael have violate some sort of promise to she by have this man here today . she look up toward the first boathouse . what she sees : the cover launch , and ola 's three bodyguard , eat while they wait . mo . view Anthony run away from she , head toward the house . kay Anthony ! ( she run after he ) Anthony , where be you go ? moodily , the boy stop , turn , and walk back to he table of honor without answer she . ext . tahoe table and pavilion - view on the pavilion - day the orchestra have take its break ; now two couple in formal dress be perform the quartet from rigoletto . view on hagen sit by himself , a little down , have a drink . he 's wait for Michael to re-summon he . sandra , sonny 's widow , sit opposite he . hagen where 's my wife ? sandra with mama , put the baby to sleep . francesca 's very happy . Michael be kind to she . she idolize he . ( pause ; she look at a despondent hagen ) the child be all out in the speedboat . I be go to my house . Sandra get up , still a attractive woman , and walk alone to the back path that lead to she home on the estate . view on the pavilion the return orchestra strike a big , show - biz chord , intend to command the guest ' attention . the orchestra leader raise he hand for silence , and make a announcement over the p.a. system . maestro lady and gentleman , a most distinguished guest would like to say a few word : Senator and Mrs. Pat geary of the state of nevada ! a big hand , as the smile senator introduce he wife by hold she arm up to the crowd , and then proceed alone to the bandstand . mo . view Michael stand with Kay and Mrs. geary . the Senator 's presence seem to be a statement of political and social status . a little distance away , he beautiful son Anthony sit quietly , in a unmistakably morose mood . int . tahoe - sandra's house - day we hear the applause and whistle echoing in the distance . Sandra stand in she bedroom , look at the door . we see a photograph of sonny , and also one of they wedding . a moment go by , and then Tom hagen enter , close the door behind he . we begin to hear Senator geary 's amplify voice resounding over the lake . hagen move to Sandra . she take he in she arm , comforting , hold he head against she full breast . hagen ( quietly ) he do not want my help any more . he do not need it . sandra we do not know that 's true , he never say that . hagen I can feel it in the way he talk to I . he move to the dresser ; pour himself a drink . hagen just now when johnny ola show up , he ask I to leave they alone . ola be hyman roth 's sicilian contact . I be on the inside of ten , twenty meeting with he . but today Mike ask I to leave , like a outsider . sandra talk to he . tell he how you feel . hagen it 's as though he blame I for the ground the family lose when I be consigliere to sonny . Sandra pull hagen to she , and kiss he passionately on the mouth . hagen I love Michael , I want to help he , be close to he . I do not want to end up a third string lawyer make property settlement for the hotel . Sandra know he need she . slowly she begin to undress . sandra we have a little time now . ext . the pavilion - view on senator geary - day senator geary ...my thanks , and the thanks of the young people of the State of nevada , for this most impressive endowment ... ( he hold a check in he hand ) ... make to the University in the name of Anthony vito corleone . thank you , Mr. and Mrs. Michael corleone . applause . Senator geary return the microphone to the maestro who add : maestro and now , the nevada boy ' choir have prepare a special thank you for Mr. Michael corleone . he turn to a small choir master , who lead the boy ' choir in a choral arrangement of " mr . wonderful . " view on senator geary shaking hand with Michael , as Press photographer snap picture , show the check ; show a special award of gratitude from the State ; Mrs. corleone and Mrs. geary ; all together ; Michael and he son ; Senator geary and Michael 's son ; and on and on . in the midst of this : senator geary where can we meet alone ? Michael indicate the boathouse a distance away , where neri seem to be wait for they . then Michael lean to rocco : michael find hagen . rocco set off ; as more picture be take , and the : boy ' choir sing its lovely arrangement of " Mr. wonderful . " int . tahoe boathouse - mo . view - day Michael , the Senator , neri and rocco make a group in the dark , large room . michael it be very kind of you to come to my home on this occasion , Senator . my wife have be very concerned with make a good impression on the people who be we neighbor , and you appearance here have make she very happy . if I can ever perform a service for you , you only have to ask . the door open , and hagen sheepishly make he way in . michael my lawyer , Tom hagen . he arrange this all through you man turnbull . senator geary I think we would meet alone . michael I trust this man with my life . they be my right arm ; I can not insult they by send they away . senator geary ( take out some medication ) some water . he address that to neri , who resentfully go to fetch the Senator a glass of water . senator geary alright , corleone . I be go to be very frank with you . maybe more frank than any man in my position have ever speak to you before . Michael nod , indicate that he should do so . senator geary the corleone family control two major hotel in Vegas ; one in reno . the license be grandfather in , so you have no difficulty with the Gaming Commission . but I have the idea from source ... ( take the water from neri and swallow he pill ) ... that you be plan to move in on the tropicana . in another week or so you will move klingman out , which leave you with only one technicality . the license , which be now in klingman 's name . michael turnbull be a good man . senator geary let 's forget the bullshit , I do not want to stay here any longer than I have to . you can have the license for two hundred and fifty thousand in cash , plus a monthly fee equal to five percent of the gross ... Michael be take aback ; he look at hagen . senator geary ...of all three corleone hotel . hagen be frustrated ; all he information be wrong . michael Senator geary , I speak to you as a businessman who have make a large investment in you state . I have make that state my home ; plan to raise my child here . the license fee from the gambling Commission cost one thousand dollar ; why would I ever consider pay more ? senator geary I be go to squeeze you , corleone , because I do not like you ; I do not like the kind of man you be . I despise you masquerade , and the dishonest way you pose yourself and you fuck family . view on hagen glance at Michael . view on michael make no outward reaction . michael ( quietly ) we be all part of the same hypocrisy , Senator . but never think it apply to my family . senator geary all right , then let I say you will pay I because it 's in you interest to pay I . view on geary rise . senator geary I will expect you answer , with payment , by tomorrow morning . only do not contact I ... from now on , deal only through turnbull . he be almost out the door . michael Senator ... ( cold and calm ) ... you can have my answer now if you would like . geary turn back . michael my offer be this . nothing ... not even the thousand dollar for the Gaming Commission , which I would appreciate if you would put up personally . geary return Michael 's hard look ; then laugh and leave . slowly Michael turn to hagen . view on hagen embarrassed at be so off the mark . michael it 's all right , Tom , we will talk later . tell frankie pentangeli I would like he to have dinner at my family table before we do business . ext . the pavilion - night now the light have falter , and the young waiter have put up the night light . the table be all properly set for dinner , with candle on each one . the orchestra be play quiet , unobtrusive dinner music , and many of the guest have begin to help themselves to the impressive buffet , under a party tent . mo . view Michael sit at a large table with Kay , he son Anthony , mama , hagen and teresa , connie and merle ' fredo and deanna , and frankie pentangeli . mama cent ' Anne . this , the table of honor , all raise they glass and repeat the toast . deanna what 's ' cent ' Anne ? ' fredo a hundred year ... it 's a toast . connie it mean we should all live happily for one hundred year . the family . if my Father be alive , it would be true . mama connie . connie merle , have you meet my sister - in - law deanna ? deanna what a pleasure , merle. ( shaking hand ) mama ( sicilian ) that two be perfect for each other . merle what 's that mean ? connie mama ! pentangeli ( sicilian ) Michael , in all respect , I do not come three thousand mile for dinner . michael ( sicilian ) I know . pentangeli ( sicilian ) when do we talk ? michael ( sicilian ) after dinner . by now , the conversation have become exclusively sicilian , with merle and deanna , look from side to side like in a tennis match . finally , Kay , to be polite : kay Anthony , you be talk to Mr. pentangeli ? ANTHONY his name be " five - angel . " pentangeli yeah , the kid and I talk sicilian . a one - way conversation ! int . tahoe boathouse - night pentangeli be angry ; but because it be Michael he be talk to , he keep he voice low and repress he desire to shout . pentangeli sure , Pete clemenza die of a heart attack , but the rosato Brothers give it to he . michael we be all heartbroken at the news ; but that be not cause to start a war . pentangeli okay , now it 's my family in Brooklyn ; and I wanna keep up clemenza 's loyalty to you . but how can I run my family with you challenging my every move ? you be too far from the street , Mike , the only way to reason with the rosato Brothers be to whack them and whack them fast . michael you be unfair with they . pentangeli say who ? michael clemenza promise rosato three territory in the bronx after he die , and then you take over and welched . pentangeli clemenza promise they nothing , he hate the sonsuvbitch . michael they feel cheat . pentangeli Michael , you be sit up here in the Sierra Mountains with champagne cocktail make judgment on the way I run my family . michael ( suddenly in sicilian ) you family still carry the name corleone , and you will run it like a corleone ! pentangeli ( sicilian ) and while I feed my family in New York , you put the knife in my back in Miami . michael ( firm ) frankie , you be a good old man , and you have be loyal to my Father for year ... so I hope you can explain what you mean . pentangeli the rosatos be run crazy ; take hostage , spitting in my face , because they be back by the Jew in Miami . michael I know . that 's why I want you to be fair with they . pentangeli how can you be fair with animal ? they recruit nigger and spick ; they do violence in they own grandmother 's neighborhood . and everything be dope and whore ; the gambling be leave to last . let I run my family without you on my back . I want they take care of . michael no . there be thing that I have plan with hyman roth . I do not want they disturb . pentangeli you give you loyalty to a Jew over you own blood . michael frankie , you know my father respected roth , do business with he . pentangeli he do business ... but he never trust he . pentangeli take he hat , and leave . neri should he go ? michael the old man have too much vino rosso , or he would never talk openly that way . let he go back to New York ; I have already make my plan . ( he check he watch ) it 's late ; I have spend so little time at the party . ext . the lawns and table - full view - night by now the sun have fall and the lawn of the corleone estate be light by moonlight . beautifully dress couple dance as the orchestra play a foxtrot of the late fifty . view on the dance floor deanna have be dance with fredo ; she have get drunk and it teasing she husband by flirt with other man on the floor . deanna I wanta dance ... whatsa matter with that ? fredo Dancing be alright ; you be fall on the floor . deanna whatsamatter , you do not want I to dance with he ' cause he 's a man ! fredo deanna , I be go to belt you right in the mouth ! deanna this eye-ty be really crazy when it come to they wife . by now guest be start to notice the disturbance ; Michael be with Kay , and some friend ; rocco catch he eye . deanna ( o.s. ) Jesus , never marry a wop , they treat they wife like shit . view on Kay , listen , embarrassed by she flashy sister - in - law . view on fredo and deanna rocco pass by fredo and whisper : rocco freddie , Mike say take care of it , or I have to . deanna he 's a friend of you brother ! without another word , rocco grab firm hold of she and whisk she out of the crowd . deanna " shuffle off to buffa ... shuffle off to buffa ... shuffle off to buffalooooo ... " freddie mop he forehead , and move to Michael . fredo hey Mike , what can I say ? michael forget it , just go take care of she . ext . the harbor deck - night a large group of tahoe teenager join the corleone youngster sit around a large fire out by the harbor . gardner and francie , sit arm in arm . ext . table of honor - mo . view - night Little Anthony , in he white suit , sit alone . ext . MAIN gate - night a taxi pull up , and be signal over to the gate by a policeman carry a torch flashlight . connie and merle enter ; merle tip the cop , and the cab drive off . ext . dance floor and pavilion - moving two shot - night Kay and Michael dance in the moonlight . michael how 's the baby ? kay sleep inside I . michael do it feel like a boy ? kay yes , Michael , it do . michael I be sorry about some of the people I have to see today . it be bad timing ... but it could not be help . kay it make I think of what you tell I once . in five year , the corleone family will be completely legitimate . that be seven year ago . he have no answer for she ; except that he love and value she , and hold she tight , as they dance amid they guest , all dress elegantly for the social event of the season . the view loosen to show the entire , night - light party . dissolve to : ext . las vega chapel - mo . close view - night a cadillac limousine wait for some people inside the tacky , Las Vegas marriage mill . int . the chapel - night some quiet , informally dress couple wait in the rear of the chapel ; some talk , other sit nervously . a single organ play some standard wedding music . the view pan up to the altar , where connie and merle , in the same clothing they wear to the tahoe party , be be marry by a justice of the peace . the justice go through the bored , simple ceremony , and we begin to hear a echo of the waltz connie dance with she father , when she be marry all that year ago in Long Island . ext . the tropicana - las vega - mo . view - day a dark car pull up to the glitter of the neon facade . Albert neri , alone , leave it to the parking valet , and move quickly through the automatic door , into the main casino . we still hear the corleone waltz . int . the tropicana - day Albert neri enter the room ; glance around a moment , and then head toward the crap table , where a short , middle - age man , klingman , stand by the pit boss . several security guard of the casino , be at they post . neri be you klingman ? klingman who 's ask ? neri where can we talk ? klingman right here . neri I represent the interest of the corleone family . we make the invitation to you to tie up you affair and be out of the hotel by Monday morning . klingman who do you think you be talk to ? neri you say you be klingman . klingman you do not come in here , talk to a owner in Las Vegas like that . neri you miss my point ; you be no longer a owner . klingman get out of my hotel . neri stand in front of he , smile . klingman boy , get he out of here . quickly , neri move toward klingman , and slap he hard several time in the face , knock off he glass ... Red - face , klingman get down on he knee to pick they up once , again . glass on , he look to he guard . what he sees they stand , motionless . view on klingman humiliate , klingman move across the casino floor , past a few interested gambler , and he own people . neri slowly follow . int . showroom - mo . view - day a typical , lido de Paris type of show be in rehearsal , as klingman back into the showroom . he view neri keep come . view on klingman realize that no one will help he . he finally capitulate . klingman all right ! all right , I will be out . neri keep move , then head past the terrify man , sit down at a table , and look up at the stage . neri ( to the stare performer ) keep it go . ext . a STREET in BUFFALO , new york - night the neon light that spell out " fred' pizzeria " go out ; after a moment a man in a overcoat step out , and turn to lock the door of he restaurant . the corleone waltz continue over this . he turn . mo . close view fred vincent , whom we remember as the sicilian fabrizzio . he move toward he park car . get in . mo . long view the starter turn , and the automobile blow in a great explosion . dissolve to : ext . the tahoe estate - night the waltz continue over the view of the empty , but still illuminate pavilion . there be the debris of the great party spread over the grounds , which a silent crew of workmen be at work clean up , mo . view Michael walk alone , follow by two of the family dog , irish setter . he walk to the water line , and look out across the lake . he pick up a stick , and throw it for the dog ; who go scamper after it . we notice that a respectful distance away , there be bodyguard watch every move he make . close view on michael look across the lake . there be much on he mind . the SOUND of the waltz , begin to segue into the echoed music and laughter of a old italian Music Hall from the past . dissolve to : int . new york theatre - 1915 - night vito corleone be a shy young man of 23 , hold he hat in he hand , be lead down the crowded aisle of this italian vaudeville theatre by a energetic and fulfil genco abbandando , he friend in America . this entire sequence be play in sicilian . genco come on , you have get to see she ! view on the stage a tatter melodrama be in progress in neapolitan . the set be two -dimensional , and flap whenever there 's a entrance or exit . the hero , peppino , be weep as he sing about how he 's leave he mother in Italy , while he be in this new country , America . view on the audience all poor , italo - Americans . genco find a few seat , and lead vito to they , step on a few shoe in the process . they have barely come to they seat , when a excited genco nudge vito , and point to the stage . people shout that they should sit down . view on the stage there be a knock on the door , and a young girl enter , deliver a letter to peppino in he tenement in America . the girl be pretty ; and obviously the object of genco 's affection . the letter bring bad news . peppino 's mother be dead . he weep , and sing the final song , which most of the audience know : senza mamma . view on the audience genco be enthralled with the young actress . the people in the audience be sing along with peppino . view on the stage the actress , object of genco 's affection , make a dramatic exit . view on the audience genco pull on vito 's jacket , indicate that now that he love be offstage , they should leave . vito rise with he , and they make they way all the way down the aisle . int . backstage theatre - moving view - night genco hurry down the backstage corridor , hope to catch a glimpse of the actress . he be follow by vito . suddenly , genco stop short . genco' view a heavy - set , fierce look italian wear a expensive light - color suit and a cream color fedora . this be fanucci . he be discuss a business matter with the theatre impresario ; a large , strong look man , who be sweat nonetheless . he do not seem to be give in to fanucci . he hold a lock strongbox . view on vito watch . the two man argue in italian . mo . view the young actress cross into the area , unaware of the difficulty . the impresario see she , and frighten , motion that she should keep away . impresario carla ! but fanucci grab she easily by she slender wrist , and with lightning speed , produce a knife which he hold against she cheek . the impresario wring he hand in agony . impresario ( sicilian ) no ... please , not my daughter . whereupon he begin to unlock the box which hold the receipt for the night 's box-office . view on genco and vito hide , watch . at first , genco be enraged , as though he would rush up to help he enamorata . genco ( sicilian ) the Black Hand . then he back away . vito look at he shocked and disappointed in this cowardly behavior . genco shake he head , and point , as though to say that where fanucci be concerned , there be nothing to be do . genco ( sicilian ) ( whisper ) let 's get out of here . view on fanucci have release the girl . her father pull she away from he , and slap she for no reason ; then he pay fanucci . fanucci ( sicilian ) because you protest , it will cost a hundred more . ext . new york alley - night genco and vito ; genco lean against the wall , breathlessly , as though he 's have a near escape . genco ( sicilian ) I know what you be think , vitone , but you do not understand yet how thing be . fanucci be of the Black Hand . everyone in the neighborhood pay he , even my father . vito ( sicilian ) he 's a italian ? genco ( sicilian ) a pig of a neaponitan . ( spit ) vito ( sicilian ) why ? why do he bother other italian ? genco ( sicilian ) because he know they ; he know they have no one to protect they . vitone ? what do you think of my angel ? vito ( sicilian ) beautiful . genco ( sicilian ) beautiful . vito for you , she be beautiful . for I , there be only my wife ! genco I know . that 's why I bring you with I ! genco embrace he good friend , and they laughingly walk down the alley . the stage door open , and fanucci exit , a sinister figure in white , move down the alley just in front of they , into the night . the two friend hold they breath , until he disappear . ext . new york street - moving view - day vito move through the street , carry grocery that he be to deliver . it be cold , and so vendor be huddle around fire they have light in old can and drum . he turn up a alleyway , and then stop . view up the alley with great strength , fanucci lift one of they up into the air and throw he down hard to the concrete ; but another , hold onto he back , manage to produce a switchblade knife and awkwardly reach around from behind the move man , slit fanucci 's throat from one side to the other . fanucci groan like some great hurt animal . blood pour from the deep , smile - like slit in he throat . he throw the young man off he back . view on vito step back in the alley . view on fanucci he take off he white fedora , and run down the alley toward vito , catch the flow blood in he hat . the young attacker scurry off in various direction . int . abbandando grocery store - day a tiny shop feature import food : trays of cure meat , prosciutto , copagole , mortadella lie on the counter cover with netting to keep away the thousand of fly . olive oil be sell in bulk , as well as wine , cheese and bacala . genco work here for he father , and be busy slice paper thin prosciutto for a customer , by hand . vito work in the back as a stock clerk . finish with he customer , genco move to he friend . genco ( sicilian ) I bet you can not guess what happen ? vito ( sicilian ) what ? genco ( sicilian ) some guy from ninth Avenue jump fanucci today ; slit he throat from ear to ear . vito ( sicilian ) no , I do not know . be he dead ? genco ( sicilian ) Nah . that guy be not murderer . they want to scare he , that 's all . make he look bad . vito ( sicilian ) in Sicily , when you attack a man , you have better finish he . genco ( sicilian ) I wish they have . he take fifty dollar a week from my father 's cash drawer . but you can not kill a man like fanucci . vito ( sicilian ) why ? genco ( sicilian ) because he 's what we say ... " connect " ... you wait , see what happen to that guy from ninth Avenue . a customer enter ; and genco move away to serve he . close view on vito recalling what he have see and think . ext . new york alleyway - mo . view - night a young man , one of that who have try to kill fanucci , run down a alleyway , breathlessly . then he stop , and look behind himself . whoever be follow he be go . he turn and walk ahead . then the mammoth , white -suite figure of fanucci leap down before he from the fire-escape . he grin at the young man , and then raise he neck , show the gruesome wound that mark he throat . he take out he pistol and fire point- blank at he attacker . int . tiny tenement - full view - night the very small , railroad type flat where vito life with he new family . it be late at night , and he be exhaust . he return home ; where he young wife , carmella , go through the silent ritual of prepare a simple meal for he . he sit and eat quietly . int . tenement room - night vito and carmella enter the darken bedroom , and approach a metal crib . vito reach down and take the small hand of the baby between he thick peasant finger . carmella wait a respectful distance behind he . int . abbandando grocery - day the shop bell ring ; singer abbandando turn to see a smile fanucci tipping he hat , like a old customer . fanucci buon giorno . immediately , vito turn back to he work , and signor abbandando move to fanucci with a sigh . vito notice the two man talk quietly at one side of the store , while he go about he work . genco work he way closer to he friend . genco ( sicilian ) what do I tell you . the one who cut he be find in a alley . and the family of the other pay fanucci all they savings to make he forswear he vengeance . vito ( sicilian ) ( surprised ) and he agree ? genco ( sicilian ) he take the money . now he want double from everybody in the neighborhood , include papa . vito watch the heat , but inevitable transaction . vito ( sicilian ) ( almost to himself ) a real mafioso do not sell he vengeance . mo . view signor abbandando seem to be argue with fanucci , and every so often they turn and relate to where vito be work . then fanucci leave , the little bell ringing ; and signor abbandando reluctantly move to vito . sig . abbandando ( sicilian ) vitone . how be you son ? vito ( sicilian ) we be all well . it be clear that he have something difficult to tell the young man . sig . abbandando vitone ... i... fanucci have a nephew . vito look at he a while , as the old man struggle to tell he . vito ( sicilian ) and you must give he my job . the old man nod , regretfully . vito ( sicilian ) you have be kind to I since I be a boy ; take care of I , and be as a father . I will always be grateful to you . thank you . vito take off he apron , and leave , pass the youth who loiter by the counter . ext . the STREET - day make he way from the store . sig . abbandando ( sicilian o.s . ) vitone ! he turn , and abbandando have follow he out of the shop , hold a basket of some grocery . sig . abbandando here ... for you family . vito no ... please understand ... I can not accept . int . vito's tenement - mo . view - night vito and he wife sit quietly at the table ; the two be quiet and sad . suddenly , we hear a noise , and vito be astonished to see a young man , peter clemenza , lean out of the window on the other side of the air shaft which separate they apartment . clemenza hey paisan ! hold this for I until I ask for it . hurry up ! automatically vito reach over to the empty space at the air shaft , and take the bundle of rag . clemenza 's round face be strain and urgent , obviously in some kind of trouble . suddenly , he close the window and there be activity that we can not see in the other apartment . vito look to he wife , and then close the window and window dress and take the bundle into a private part of he kitchen and begin to unwrap it . what he sees : five oily gun . he immediately wrap they again , and carry they to a private closet , and hide it , and return to he wife . he sit down back at the table ; and she know not to ask he what have happen . ext . new york street - day vito be walk through the crowded street with a group of workmen ; they all wear work clothes , and paper hat on they head . vito look to he leave , and realize that clemenza be walk silently with he ; by contrast , clemenza dress well . clemenza ( sicilian ) ( casually ) do you have my goods still ? vito nod . clemenza ( sicilian ) do you look inside ? vito , he face impassive , shake he head ' no . ' clemenza ( sicilian ) I be not interested in thing that do not concern I . int . downtown italian social club - day vito and clemenza drink wine ; they have become friend . clemenza ( sicilian ) I have a friend who have a fine rug . maybe you wife would like it . vito ( sicilian ) we have no money for a rug . clemenza ( sicilian ) no . he would give it away . I know how to repay a consideration . vito think , then nod . vito ( sicilian ) she would like it . int . hallway wealthy apartment build - day the two man proceed up the hallway ; vito be impressed with the opulence . vito ( sicilian ) you friend life in a fine building . clemenza ( sicilian ) oh yes , the very best . clemenza knock on the door as though he be well know here ; then ring . no answer . clemenza ( sicilian ) ah , he 's not at home . oh , well , he would not mind . quickly and expertly he take out a tool and pries open the door . int . wealthy apartment - full view - day vito look in awe at the luxurious apartment , which feature a fabulous rich red wool rug . clemenza immediately move some of the furniture away , and drop to the floor . clemenza a little help . vito join he , and the two begin roll the rug . we hear a buzzer ring . clemenza immediately drop he side of the roll , and move to the window . he pull a gun from he jacket . view on vito watch . he move so he can see out the window . there view a policeman stand at the exterior door , wait . he ring the buzzer again . view on clemenza cock he gun . vito realize that if the policeman should pursue it any further he be a dead man . the policeman give up and leave . clemenza put away he gun . int . vito's tenement hallway - day the two man run up the step , laugh , carry the fine rug . int . vito's tenement - day they be on they knee cut the rug to fit the small room . carmella watch , hold the baby santino . mo . close on clemenza like a professional , cut quickly , with the proper tool . he sing as he work . dissolve to : ext . downtown warehouse - night clemenza knock on the steel door of this downtown building . vito wait with he , hold some package ; and another youth , tessio , tall and thin and deadly wait with they . the door be lift , and they be greet by a bright , middle - age italian name augustino who lead they into a machine shop . int . machine shop - night clemenza ( sicilian ) good , you wait for we . clemenza look up on a higher level . he view there be a nine year old boy , operate a drill press . mo . view tessio ( sicilian ) who be he ? augustino ( sicilian ) my son , carmine ... it 's all right . the man then quickly open the package they have bring ; revealing gun , include a more sophisticated machine weapon . augustino take they and expertly begin to clean and prepare they . clemenza ( sicilian ) ( to vito ) paisan augustino be a gunsmith in the italian army . we do each other favor . augustino ( sicilian ) ( while he work ) my boy be study the flute . he play very well . he help I at night so we can buy he a silver flute someday . now he have one make of wood . carmine ... play ... play for my friend . view on the boy wide-ey ... he shut off the press ; and take out a shabby wooden flute . and begin to play a simple and pure melody . close on vito listen . close on augustino proudly smile , as he prepare the machine gun . close on tessio listen , smile . full view the man listen , as the boy 's father prepare they gun . ext . warehouse area - night tessio and clemenza quickly load rack of cheap dress . vito sit behind the wheel of the truck . he seem reserve , and we get the impression that he be study every move he two friend be make . int . tenement stair - day clemenza run up a flight of stair with a armful of dress . he knock on a door , and a pretty housewife answer . clemenza ( sicilian ) Lady , I get a bargain on this dress . five dollar each . you gotta pay at least fifteen , maybe twenty in a store . look at they , first class . he hold the dress up and the woman seem interested . she handle a couple of they and stand aside so clemenza can enter she apartment . woman ( sicilian ) I do not know which one I like best . she hold the dress against she body , clemenza approve of each one ; and then she go to she purse and take out five singles and give they to he . clemenza ( sicilian ) you would look beautiful in all of this . you should buy at least two . woman ( sicilian ) be you kid ? my husband will kill I if he know I pay five dollar for one dress . she hold one up , then another . she be tear . clemenza shake he head and straighten the dress on she body . his hand brushes she arm ; she look at he smile . clemenza ( sicilian ) you can have two for five . she smile back . ext . tenement build - day clemenza jump down the stair , and out to the middle of the street , where vito and tessio be wait in the car with some of the stock . tessio ( sicilian ) what take so long ? clemenza ( sicilian ) she could not decide . tessio and clemenza each take more armsful of dress and divide the neighborhood . clemenza ( sicilian ) vito , take the rest of the stock over to dandine 's warehouse ; he will move it to a wholesaler . the three part . vito drive the truck off . moving view vito drive the truck through the downtown street ; he turn a corner and stop for a light . suddenly , to he leave , he see the formidable figure of fanucci . he grab young corleone by the shoulder . close view on fanucci frightening , revealing the large circular scar , now heal . fanucci ( sicilian ) ahhh , young fellow . people tell I you be rich , you and you two friend . yet , you do not show enough respect to send a few dress to my home . you know I have three daughter . vito say nothing . fanucci thumb through the stock . fanucci ( sicilian ) this be my neighborhood . you and you friend have to show I a little respect , ah ? this truck you hijacked be in my neighborhood . you should let I wet my beak a little . fanucci take a few of the dress . fanucci ( sicilian ) I understand each of you clear around six hundred dollar . I expect two hundred dollar for my protection and I will forget the insult . after all , young people do not know the courtesy due a man like myself . vito smile at he and nod . fanucci ( sicilian ) otherwise the police will come to see you and you wife and child will be dishonor and destitute . of course , if my information as to you gain be incorrect , I will dip my beak just a little . just a little , but no less than one hundred dollar , and do not try to deceive I , eh paisan ? vito ( sicilian ) ( quietly ) my two friend have my share of the money . I will have to speak to they after we deliver this to the wholesaler . fanucci ( sicilian ) you tell you friend I expect they to let I wet my beak in the same manner . do not be afraid to tell they . clemenza and I know each other well , he understand this thing . let yourself be guide by he . he have more experience in this matter . vito ( sicilian ) ( shrugging innocently ) you must understand , this be all new to I ... fanucci ( sicilian ) I understand ... vito ( sicilian ) but thank you for speak to I as a godfather . fanucci ( sicilian ) ( impressed ) you be a good fellow . he take vito 's hand and clasp they in he own . fanucci ( sicilian ) you have respect . a fine thing in the young . next time , speak to I first , eh ? perhaps I can help you make you plan . fanucci turn with the dress drape over he arm , wave to vito . vito throw the truck in gear , and drive off . close view on vito we know that throughout this encounter he have seethed with a icy rage . int . vito's apartment - mo . view - night he wife serve a dinner for she husband and he two friend . they discuss fanucci as they eat . tessio ( sicilian ) do you think he would be satisfied with the two hundred dollar ? I think he would . clemenza ( sicilian ) that scar-face bastard will find out what we get from the wholesaler . he will not take a dime less than three hundred dollar . tessio ( sicilian ) what if we do not pay ? clemenza ( sicilian ) ( gesture , it 's hopeless ) you know he friend ... real animal . and he connection with the police . sure he would like we to tell he we plan so he can set we up for the cop and earn they gratitude . then they would owe he a favor ; that 's how he operate . we will have to pay . Three hundred , be we agree ? tessio ( sicilian ) what can we do ? clemenza do not even bother check for vito 's opinion . clemenza ( sicilian ) they say fanucci have a license from maranzalla himself to work this neighborhood . vito ( sicilian ) if you like , why not give I fifty dollar each to pay fanucci . I guarantee he will accept that amount from I . tessio ( sicilian ) when fanucci say two hundred he mean two hundred . you can not talk with he . vito ( sicilian ) I will reason with he . leave everything in my hand . I will settle this problem to you satisfaction . tessio and clemenza regard he suspiciously . vito ( sicilian ) I never lie to people I have accept as my friend . speak to fanucci yourself tomorrow . let he ask you for the money , but do not pay it , and do not in any way quarrel with he . tell he you have to get the money and will send I as you messenger . let he understand that you be willing to pay what he ask , do not bargain . I will go to he house , and quarrel with he . he like I ; enjoy explain how thing be here . he use ten sentence when he only need one , so while he talk , I will kill he . clemenza , irritate , make a large belch , and wash he food down with wine . clemenza ( sicilian ) vitone ! ( to tessio ) we driver have drunk too much wine . tessio ( sicilian ) ( laugh at himself ) he 's go to kill fanucci . clemenza ( sicilian ) ( stern ) then , after that , what ? Joe ' Little knife ' pisani ; Willie bufalino , maybe , Mr. maranzalla himself , c'mon ! vito ( sicilian ) fanucci be not connect ; he be alone . clemenza ( sicilian ) ( sarcastically ) what ? you read it in the papers ? vito ( sicilian ) this man inform to the police ; this man allow he vengeance to be buy off ... no , he be alone . tessio ( sicilian ) if you be wrong ... vito ( sicilian ) if I be wrong , they will kill I . both clemenza and tessio be impressed with they young friend ; he willingness to risk he life on he perception of the situation . ext . new york STREET - mo . view - night a ten piece italian street band play in front of the church to commemorate the first night of the festa di San gennaro . people swarm in crowd , delighted by the music , as out of the church four man carry the statue of San gennaro down to the street . moving view clemenza move along the booth that have be set up along the street : sausage cooking on a open fire ; pork liver and sweetbeard . he stop for a sandwich , and make a irritate gesture when the vendor expect to be pay . he cross to a church - sponsor booth with a great wheel of fortune , and slap a dollar on a number . stand next to he be vito ; they embrace . clemenza ( sicilian ) ( quietly ) all three daughter be at church ; he be alone . it 's important that you let he neighbor see you leave . tessio have break the latch on the skylight of he building . the wheel stop ; they both lose . clemenza ( English ) see , brother carmello , even the church make number . priest ( English ) it 's only the way we collect that 's different . vito have leave while clemenza joke with the Priest . ext . festa STREET - night vito pass the booth of food , crossing toward a small and dark club . int . social club - night we can still hear the crowd and music of the festa . vito enter ; the club be empty , except for the large white figure sit alone at a small table . fanucci barely acknowledge vito as he join he . without a word , vito count out two hundred dollar on the table . fanucci look , then take off he fedora and put it on the table over the money . fanucci ( sicilian ) I think there 's only two hundred dollar under my hat . ( he peek ) I be right . only two hundred dollar . vito ( sicilian ) I be a little short . I have be out of work . let I owe you the money for a few week . fanucci ( sicilian ) ah , you be a sharp young fellow . how be it I have never notice you before ( he take the two hundred and pour some wine for vito ) you be too quiet for you own interest . I could find some work for you to do that would be very profitable . ( he rise ) no hard feeling , eh ? if I can ever do you a service let I know . you have do a good job for yourself tonight . ext . festa STREET - mo . view - night by now the musician have leave , but still family be walk the street , and stop at the booth . fanucci stand there a moment ; he be know by everyone , and consider himself highly love . then fanucci begin the walk through the festa , on he way home . ext . rooftop - moving view - night vito silently move along the rooftop ; parallel fanucci 's walk . we hear the sound of the festa , and every so often catch a glimpse of the pattern light , and the crowd below . ext . festa street - moving view on fanucci - night walk through the crowded street . the statue of San gennaro be arrange in some midnight religious ceremony . the view lift up , to the rooftop . ext . the rooftop - night vito make the leap that separate two building ; then cross toward the large skylight in the center of the building . ext . the street - night the procession in the street be precede by ten altar boy ; and the glitter monstrance , something of a altar carry out into the street . the priest begin this nocturnal service , as the crowd in the street kneel down in prayer . int . fanucci be build - night fanucci unlock the door to he building ; we can hear the service in the background . ext . the rooftop - night vito try the trap door on the roof ; it be stick firmly shut ; despite clemenza 's instruction . he struggle with it , but no luck . from the distance , the choir begin to Latin . vito move around the skylight , to a identical trap , try this one ; it open . ext . the monstrance - mo . view on the priest - night perform the service in Latin . the ten altar boy be in attendance . ext . the rooftop - night vito reach down into the trap , and pull out the newly oile gun that have be leave for he . he slide down into the building . int . fanucci be hallway - down angle - night fanucci proceed up the staircase with loud , heavy step . a old woman on one of the flight see he , and immediately move to she apartment . fanucci ( sicilian ) what 's the matter , signora ? you do not say ' good evening ' ? woman ( sicilian ) ' good evening , ' signor fanucci . she quickly disappear behind she door . fanucci laugh , continue up , sing to himself . the Mass outside be always in evidence . int . hallway - night vito climb down from the attic , and find fanucci 's rear door open . he slip in , and make he way past the open window , out of which pour the music and chant of the mass . slowly and quietly he pull they down , shut . he move quietly to a glass door , and peek out . what he sees : Three young woman , fanucci 's daughter , laugh and talk . view on vito a slip up . tessio have say they be out . he step outside to the alley where he can look into the apartment . another view fanucci open the door of he apartment , and enter . close view on vito he begin to wrap the gun . view on the daughter they father greet they with a kiss ; and a little religious gift he have buy for each . close on the gun wrap in this primitive method of a silencer . the view tilt to vito , catch in the dilemma of have to kill all or none of they . then something catch he eye . what he sees : a small gray alley cat be attract to the young man , come up to he and rub itself against he . vito rub the animal , speak softly in sicilian , then , gain its confidence , lift it up and carefully let it into fanucci 's apartment . he step back , hold the gun . we hear some italian shout in the house ; a loud sound from the cat , and some of the thumping footstep of fanucci . view on vito hold the wrap gun , wait . what he sees : the white blob of fanucci open the door and cursing in italian as he throw the cat out . view on vito squeezing the trigger ; the muffle , but still loud blast resounding in the building . view on fanucci he hold onto the door frame , try to stand erect , try to reach for he gun . the force of he struggle have tear the button off he jacket and make it swing loose . his gun be expose but so be a spidery vein on the white shirtfront of he stomach . carefully , as if plunging a needle into this vein , vito corleone fire a second bullet . fanucci fall to he knee , prop the door open , give a terrible groan . we begin to hear the voice of girl inside the apartment . vito quickly open he wallet , remove the two hundred , quickly fire one last bullet into fanucci 's sweaty cheek . now the towel the gun be wrap with catch fire , literally on vito 's hand ; quickly he throw it to the ground , stamp it out ... and disappear upward . ext . the rooftop - mo . view - night vito move like a cat along the rooftop ; we hear the conclusion of the mass down below . close on vito pause ; we can see the great spectacle of light and candle on the street below . he empty the gun of bullet and smashes the barrel against the side of the roof ledge . he reverse it in he hand , and break the butt into two separate halve against the chimney . he smashes it again , and the pistol break into barrel and handle , two separate piece . he then move along the rooftop , drop the two separate fragment into various air shaft . ext . the STREET procession - moving view - night the Priest , have complete the ceremony , follow as the monstrance be carry off through the street , as the choir sing . ext . the rooftop - moving view - night vito be a dark figure , move with agility across the rooftop . int . fanucci be vestibule - mo . view - night the corpse that be fanucci , stain with blood . ext . procession - close view - night the statue of San gennaro , follow by the altar boy . ext . corleone tenement - mo . view - night vito 's wife ; she baby and several friend and neighbor sit happily on the front stoop of they tenement . some of the man drink wine pour out of a pitcher ; we can still hear the music and night sound of the festa . a neighbor be sing a neapolitan song . quietly , without a word , and with only a momentary glance from he wife , vito join the little group ; take a glass of wine , and listen to the song . close view on vito listen to the song . he reach out and take the small hand of he son . vito ( sicilian ) santino , you papa love you . dissolve to : int . anthony' tahoe room - night the room be large , light from the outside by a bright evening . we can see the outline of many toy on the shelf build along the wall . we see the dark figure of Michael corleone enter the room and approach the bed where he son Anthony lie curl in messy blanket . Michael quietly arrange he small hand and foot and cover the little boy . suddenly , Anthony turn , he eye open . he be stare , perfectly awake , at he father . michael can not you sleep ? no answer . michael be you alright ? ANTHONY yes . michael do you like you party ? ANTHONY I get lot of present . michael do you like they ? ANTHONY I do not know the people who give they to I . michael they be friend . he kiss he boy , and then turn . ANTHONY do you see my present for you ? michael no , where be it ? ANTHONY on you pillow . michael I be leave very early tomorrow , before you wake up . ANTHONY I know . how long will you be go ? michael just a few day . ANTHONY will you take I ? michael I can not . ANTHONY why do you have to go ? michael to do business . ANTHONY I can help you . michael some day you will . Michael kiss he again . int . michael -kay' bedroom - night the room be light from a small night lamp on Michael 's side of the large bed . Kay be huddle in blanket , asleep . Michael close the door to he room , move to he side of the bed , and glance down to the pillow . view on the pillow be a child 's draw of a long limousine , with a man in a hat sit in the back seat . a arrow point to he be mark " dad . " under it , a nine year old 's handwrite say : " do you like it ? check yes __ I like it or no __ I do not like it . " Michael turn , look for a pencil , and move to the dresser , where he place a check next to " yes . " he start to cross back toward he side of the bed , when Kay turn , almost in she sleep : kay Michael ? why be the drape open ? his eye dart back to the curve , beautifully lead window of the room . the drape be open . then , without a second 's hesitation , he leap to the floor , still hold he son 's draw , as a spray of machine gun bullet sweep across the window ; glass shatter all over the room . Kay scream out ; rise , still half - asleep . Michael crawl toward she , and pull she down to the floor to he . then , for a moment , there be silence , soon fill by the shout of man ; as flash of light sweep by the window , as guard with flashlight come run . Michael hold Kay to he , know they have both survive , and then gently : michael go with the kid . ext . the tahoe estate - night suddenly , the great floodlight be turn on , bathing lawn in a intense blue light . group of ordinarily dress security man draw in from all direction ; a state of confusion prevail . there be no sign of the attacker . view by michael' house Michael be join by rocco lampone , he gun draw . rocco they be still on the property . maybe you better stay inside . michael keep they alive . six man take up post by Michael 's house . rocco we will try . michael it 's important . he return inside . ext . MAIN gate and kennel - night the character of the summer estate have change : bright floodlight illuminate the main point of entry : the main gate ; the waterway ; the stone wall that encompass the estate on all side . several man with flashlight reinforce the guard at the main gate . full view off in the distance , we see another group of man with flashlight comb the waterline . we hear indistinguishable shout . view on the kennel the wire gate be open , and the train dog go out yelping into the outer edge of the estate . rooftop one of rocco 's man turn the large floodlight scan darken forest area , where man could hide . moving view Men with flashlight and dog . move through the dark area . loose view a small corleone launch , with a bright spotlight slowly cruise the boundary of the estate . we see the silhouette of man with gun , quietly wait and watch . ext . michael be house - night some of the bodyguard by the shattered window of Michael 's bedroom . the curtain be draw from inside . int . michael be house - night Kay , the child , and some woman servant have come down from the various room into the central live area , that can be most easily secure . the little girl be still asleep ; they make you think of a immigrant family , with they blanket and frighten face , all wait in a central room . Michael go up to Kay , squeeze she hand , and whisper : michael it will be all right . we be lucky . she say nothing ; but she face express the anger she feel over the jeopardy Michael have place he child in . she hold she young daughter in she arm . the door open , and rocco enter . he quickly realize he be hold he gun in plain view in front of the family , and put it away . Michael move to he , and they talk a distance away from Kay . rocco you family all seem to be okay in the other house ; you mother 's still sleep . michael and ? rocco no sign of they yet ; but they be still on the estate . we hear loud shouting from outside . deanna ( o.s. ) goddamn you ! you be all nut here , I be not goin ' to calm down ... michael' view through the door , that rocco open . deanna , in she nightgown , have be frighten by the gunshot ; while fredo in he bathrobe , try to get she back into the house . fredo deanna , will you get back into the house ! deanna I be get out of here I say ; this guy all have gun ! michael fredo , can not you shut that woman up ! ( to rocco 's man ) get she in here ! the bodyguard , gracefully help fredo bring the hysterical deanna into the safety of the house . deanna ( whimper ) I do not want to stay here ... fredo Mike , what can I do , she 's a hysterical woman ... kay leave she alone ! you be talk as though she have no right to be frighten when there be machine gun go off in she backyard . michael ( to rocco ) have Tom hagen meet I in the Harbor House . ext . tahoe estate - high angle - night Michael walk the short distance from he house , to the boathouse where he conduct he business away from he family . a small group of bodyguard , carry machine gun , make the walk with he from all side , a respectful distance away . it give the appearance of a lonely President move in he compound , follow by team of secret service man . the boathouse be already secure by team of man , hastily waken from they lodge house ; a barrack - like structure where reinforcement be lodge just for this kind of emergency . full view in the distance , we can see the team of man and dog , with they light , gun and shout , comb every inch of the estate . int . the boathouse - empty view - night Michael alone in the great room . he move to a walk - in safe , quickly run through the combination , and open it . he take out a envelope , and put it into he pocket ; there 's a knock on the door , and hagen enter . he have be asleep , and have quickly throw on a robe . michael sit down , Tom . ext . tahoe boathouse - night from outside the lead window , a disorient hagen sit down ; Michael start to talk to he ; obviously about something very serious . the patrol secure the boathouse , walk past the window . Michael say something to Tom , who rise , and pull the drape , obscure our view . int . tahoe boathouse - night Michael talk intimately to Tom . michael there 's a lot I can not tell you , Tom . I know that 's upset you in the past ; and you have feel that it be because of some lack of trust or confidence . but it be because I do trust you that I have keep so much secret from you . it 's precisely that at this moment , you be the only one that I can completely trust . in time , you will understand everything . hagen ( nod with this statement ) but you people ... neri ... rocco ; you do not think ... michael no , I have confidence in they loyalty ... but this be life and death , and Tom , you be my brother . hagen in very move . hagen mikey , I hope ... michael no Tom , just listen . all my people be businessman ; they loyalty be base on that . one thing I learn from my father be to try to think as the people around you think ... and on that basis , anything be possible . fredo have a good heart , but he be weak ... and stupid , and stupid people be the most dangerous of all . I have keep you out of thing , Tom , because I have always know that you instinct be legitimate , and I want you to know very little of thing that would make you a accomplice , for you own protection . I never blame you for the setback the family take under sonny ; I know you be in a position of limited power , and you do you best to advise and caution he . what I be say be that now , for how long I do not know , you will be the Don . if what I think have happen be true ; I will leave tonight , and absolutely no one will know how to contact I . and even you be not to try to reach I unless it be absolutely necessary . I give you complete power : over neri ... fredo , everyone . I be trust you with the life of my wife and child , and the future of this family , solely rest on you judgment and talent . view on hagen a man who have steadily decline over the last five year , realize that total power and responsibility be be place on he . michael ( continue ) ... but Tom , you must know that I do this only because I believe you be the only one who be capable of take over for I . view on michael take out the envelope . michael I have prepare this ; have have it for over a month . it will not explain everything ; but indicate where I will be , so in a sense , it be my life . ( he hand the envelope to hagen ) also , there be three task that must be execute immediately . pop would have give that to Luca -- you know pop as well as anyone , act as though you be he . it discuss Kay as well ; that will be the most difficult . the man who try to kill I tonight , will never leave the estate . hagen will we ... be able to get who order it out of they ? michael I do not think so . unless I be very wrong ... they be already dead . kill by someone inside ... very frighten that they botch it . that 's why I be go to disappear in a few minute , and leave everything to you . hagen but if you be wrong ... michael if I be wrong ... there be a knock on the door . michael ... I do not think I be wrong . ( he indicate the knock ) yes . the door open ; it be rocco ; Michael rise , after make a know glance toward Tom , and move to talk quietly to a frighten and agitate rocco . ext . stone wall and stream - moving view - night a group of man with flashlight and gun lead Michael , Tom and rocco to the stone bridge span the stream which run through the estate . low close view Michael 's dispassionate face , look down . the view move to hagen 's , and then down to the murky water under the bridge , where we see the body of three stranger , lie in the move water ; machine - type gun nearby , with they throat cut . Light from the many flashlight illuminate the grotesque scene . michael ( o.s. ) Fish they out . several of the man wade down into the stream ; rocco help , and even Tom step down to get a better look at who they be . they be total stranger ; rocco examine the type of gun they use . when they climb back onto the ground , Michael be go . everyone notice it , but no one say anything . hagen stand there , hold the envelope Michael have give he in he hand . he realize that now , he be the don . hagen get rid of the body . tomorrow morning I want a report make to the local police , and paper , that some explosive we keep on the property be accidentally ignite . the man respond ; hagen make the lonely walk back to the light section of the compound , which now resemble a prison camp . fade out . fade in : int . state senate floor - day the Senate be in session ; Senator geary be on the floor during a vote . a aide approach he , with a slip of paper . int . geary office - day the Senator step behind he desk . senator geary all right , Mr. hagen , you have get ten minute . he flick the switch of a small tape recorder . senator geary ... and the tape will be run . hagen actually , I have come with good news ; the corleone family have do you a favor . the Senator immediately shut the tape recorder off . senator geary what the hell be you talk about ? hagen we know you be a busy man , with plenty of enemy -- we see the opportunity to do you a favor , and we do . no string . senator geary no string . hagen you know there 's a Senate investigating Committee recently set up ; we think it would be unfortunate if they be to trace anything though - provoking to you name . senator geary no one can trace anything to I ; I pride myself on that . hagen do you gamble ? senator geary a little ; what 's so think - provoking about that ? hagen do you owe marker ? senator geary maybe two , three thousand dollar . hagen lean forward , and deposit a handful of paper on the Senator 's desk . hagen the corleone family have pay they off for you ... as a expression of we esteem . geary quickly look through the pay marker . senator geary there 's thirty grand worth of pay off marker -- I never owed that much . hagen we mistake . but what do it matter ; it be we money . ( rise ) we do not even expect thanks . senator geary you pay off thirty grand I never owed . hagen we will keep it quiet ; the people who know be trustworthy ... the Committee need not find out . senator geary and what 's the price of they not find out . hagen simple . be friendly like we . not hostile . senator geary ( he despise hagen ) thanks ... friend . ext . tahoe estate - full view - day there be more man on duty than usual ; not that there be gun apparent , but it 's clear that the boundary be be patrol . view by michael' house Kay exit she house , follow by she child ; she help they into she station wagon like any housewife , and drive along the path lead to the main gate . she 's about to drive through , when one of the man step in front of she , raise he hand . kay ( graciously ) yes . man I be sorry , Mrs. corleone . we be not to let you through . kay ( disbely ) I be go to the market . man if you could just give we a list , we will pick up anything you want . kay whose order be this ? man Mr. hagen 's , mar 'am . we notice hagen walk to they in the background . hagen Kay . view through the gate hagen approach the car ; Kay get out so they can talk away from the child . hagen I want to explain this myself ... I have business in carson City . he walk with she a little way from the other ; the child run out of the station wagon , and start to play . hagen it 's Michael 's request ... for you safety . we can send out for anything you need . kay I be suppose to stay in my house . hagen within the compound will be fine . kay I be suppose to take the child to New England next week . hagen that 's off now . kay I be go to see my parent . hagen Kay , Michael do not tell I a lot ; and what he do tell I , I can not repeat . but the responsibility for you and the kid be the most important thing he leave I with . kay how long do this go on ? hagen I do not know . ( pause ) I be sorry , Kay ... kay be I a prisoner ? hagen that 's not the way we look at it . angrily , without another word , Kay turn away from he , and walk to she child , ignore the run station wagon . ext . italian luxury liner - day the luxury liner make its way across the Atlantic . int . italian luxury liner - mo . view - day the purser follow by several white uniform associate knock on the door of something designate the " Leonardo suite . " he be hold a telegram . the door open , and a tan merle peek out of the door . purser ( hold up the telegram ) I be terribly sorry to disturb you but we have receive two telegram . merle ( reluctantly ) well ... come in . this entourage enter the suite , a impressive and beautifully spacious luxury suite . connie be relax . connie what be it ? purser yes . one be from we office in New York . the check that you write for you passage have be return . connie can not be ... merle why do not you wire you bank ? purser the other telegram be from you bank . you account have be close and the company be warn not to extend any credit . connie I will take care of it in naple . purser the company hope so . but for now , we have order to change you accommodation . and with that , the man in white begin to pack connie and merle 's luggage . connie that son of a bitch ! int . italian luxury liner - tiny third CLASS cabin - night connie and merle be attempt to sleep in the miniature cabin in bunk bed . the little space be crowded with they trunk and luggage . merle can barely hang onto the bunk , the boat pitch so violently below . ext . train track - mo . view - day a train speed across the countryside . int . the train - day Inside the corridor , a porter advance , and knock on the door of a stateroom . a voice tell he to enter . our view enter with he as he carry a tray of lunch . from this Pov we see Michael corleone sit in the compartment . porter Mr. Paul ? michael yes . porter you order lunch ? michael put it right there . the porter do so ; as he place the tray down , he catch a glimpse of a second person in the compartment with Michael . he view a very fierce , almost maniacal look man , bussetta . he nod that the porter should leave . michael thank you . the porter take he advice and leave quickly , close the door behind he . view through the window Michael and he mysterious companion have lunch together on the move train . ext . gulfstream race track in miami - high full view - day the empty parking lot of the gulfstream track , on a off - race day . closer view Michael sit behind the wheel of a nondescript late model car . bussetta sit in the rear . another car swing into the lot . Michael start he car , and pull out of the lot ; the second car follow . new view this car pull out and begin to follow they . Michael glance back by adjust the rear view mirror , and nod to bussetta . Michael 's car begin to slow down , allow the other car to overtake they . the overtake car hesitates a moment , move side by side with they . Michael glance toward the driver . michael' view we recognize johnny ola , who wave a greeting to Michael , and then continue on to lead he . ext . suburban miami neighborhood - day ola 's car lead Michael 's through a middle - class suburban area of $ 30,000 to $ 40000 home . there be small channel with sport and fishing boat park near the house . ola 's car pull up in front of a very simple , tract - type home . Michael 's car park nearby . michael ( sicilian ) ( to bussetta ) you will wait in the car . ola have get out of he car and walk up the little path to the front door . Michael wait . ola ring the bell , and after a moment , a rather pretty , middle - age woman answer , remain behind the screen door . ola say a few thing to she and she disappear , leave the door open . ola come down the step , look at Michael , nodd to he . ola then get into he car and drive off . Michael walk up the walkway and enter the little house , close the door behind he . this woman , terri roth , be in the kitchen , look out at Michael . terri I be just go to make lunch . how about a tuna fish sandwich ? michael thank you , Mrs. roth . she hurry halfway up the staircase . terri hyman ... hyman , you friend be here . ( turn to Michael ) why do not you go right upstairs , Mr. Paul ? michael Fine . he continue upstairs ; she go into the kitchen . terri I will give a yell when lunch be ready . Michael continue up to a small de on the second floor ; we can hear the sound of a baseball game come over the television . int . hyman roth's den - day Michael enter the de : it 's very comfortable , but somewhat like a senior citizen 's retirement home in Florida . michael' view there , sit before the television be a small man in he middle sixty , thin , with a wizen face , look like a small - time retire jewish businessman . this be hyman roth . roth sit down , this be almost over . you follow the baseball game ? michael not for a few year . roth I like sport event -- I really enjoy watch they in the afternoon . one of the thing I love about this country . I love baseball ever since Arnold rothstein fix the World Series of 1919 ... I hear you have some trouble . michael yes . roth what a mistake ; people behave like that , with gun . ( he shake he head ) it be my understanding we leave all that behind . but , let I tell you , the important thing be that you be all right . good health be the most important thing ; more than success ; more than power ; more than money . michael the incident of the other night be a nuisance that I can take care of . I come to you because I want nothing to affect we agreement ; I want to clear everything I be go to do with you , just in case . roth you be a considerate young man . michael you be a great man , Mr. roth , I have much to learn from you . roth ( warmly ) however I can help you ... michael the rosato Brothers have perform service for you in the past ; I understand that they be under you protection . roth ( simply ) we do favor for each other ... michael technically , they be still under the clemenza wing of the corleone family , now run by frankie pentangeli . after clemenza die , the rosatos want territory of they own . pentangeli refuse , and come to I , ask for permission to eliminate they . I , of course , know of they relationship with you , and in gratitude for you help with the tropicana matter , turn he down . pentangeli be furious , and pay one hundred and fifty thousand dollar to have I kill . I be lucky and he be stupid . I will visit he soon . ( lean toward the old man , sincerely ) the important thing be that nothing jeopardize we plan , yours and mine . this thing of ours , that we will build . the old man touch Michael 's hand , warmly . roth nothing be more important . michael ( quietly ) pentangeli be a dead man ; do you object ? roth it 's always bad for business ; but you have no choice . michael then it 's do . I must choose he replacement : it cannot be rosato . roth of course you must keep control of you family . he turn to Michael , turn the volume higher on the television , and move closer to he young partner . roth Michael , this thing be unimportant . who should be the manager of a dime store , Joe or Jack ? unimportant . you do what you think be right . you be a young man , and I be old and sick . what we do together in the next few month will be history , Michael ; it have never be do before . we will do this historical thing together , and even you Father could never dream it would be possible . we be bigger than U.S. steel , you and I ... because in America , anything be possible ! ( pause ) but soon I will be dead , and it will all belong to you . there be a knock on the door , and terri roth push the door open with she hip . terri my goodness , you will rupture you eardrum , hyman . she put the tray down , and turn down the television . ext . roth's house - mo . view - day the sinister bussetta wait patiently in the rear seat of the car , outside roth 's modest house . ext . downtown new york - moving view - day a black cadillac move down the street , slowed by the festivities of the festa that be in progress : people milling around , buy souvenir at the many stand set up . sausage and grill meat be prepare , just as they be year ago . electric light be strung from the street lamp , and brightly color banner pronounce the " festa of the madonna . " moving close view willy cicci drive , frustrated that he cannot go any faster . next to he , frankie pentangeli sit , catch a few second ' snooze . mo . view the black car pull up ; another car that have be follow it park nearby . one of pentangeli 's button man get out of the car , and step into a small italian restaurant ; he exit quickly , and nod affirmatively toward pentangeli 's cadillac . the group of they step out quickly , man huddle around pentangeli , and enter the restaurant . int . the restaurant - day the restaurant be quite empty , despite the excitement out on the street . pentangeli immediately sit at a table with a tall , dark , snappily dress young man , carmine rosato . nearby , on the other side of the room be rosato 's brother , tony , seat with a group of they man . at another table in the restaurant be a table of pentangeli 's people : they be join by bodyguard . pentangeli rosato , where 's you brother ? rosato sitting right behind you . pentangeli glance behind himself . pentangeli he do not want to talk ? rosato we work it all out beforehand . pentangeli be we go to eat or what ? rosato sure , on I . I get diner 's Club . pentangeli ( sarcastically ) forget it ; I be suddenly without a appetite . you be make big trouble , carmine . rosato you be not straight with we , frankie , what else could we do ? pentangeli we could have talk first , save a lot of run around . rosato you be not listen , you do not want to talk . pentangeli do not I look like I be listen ? rosato we want Brooklyn one hundred percent . no more tax to you . we want to be only loosely connect with you family -- sort of a under - family all of we own . then we can act on all internal matter without talk . also we want you to inform Michael corleone that we can deal directly with he . pentangeli I be a little hungry , maybe I will order something . joe. ( one of he man ) get I some bracciole or something . and pay cash . ( to rosato ) and in return for this concession , what do you do for I ? rosato we will release the hostage , number one . number two , we be here for you to count on when you need we . we be independent , but we be here if you need we . in general , we will cooperate with you and you business , and you in turn will cooperate with we . pari persu . pentangeli pari persu ; what the fuck be pari persu ...? rosato my lawyer go over this beforehand . pentangeli what assurance do I have that there will be no more kidnap , no more hit ? rosato the same assurance we get from you . pentangeli what if I say shove it ? rosato then carmine fucillo and tony Blue derosa will need to be fitte for slab . pentangeli you want a war ? rosato we get no choice . pentangeli you know if there 's a way I will go to the commission and the commission will side with I . that put I and the other New York family against you . rosato we get friend in the commission . pentangeli ( get angry ) I be talk about italian ! rosato what about Michael corleone ? pentangeli he support I . rosato maybe , yes ... maybe no . one of pentangeli 's man approach with a plate of italian food . pentangeli stand up , angere by this remark of rosato 's ; he push the dish of food out of the surprised bodyguard 's hand . pentangeli you drive old Pete clemenza to he grave , carmine ; you and you brother . turn on he ; trouble in he territory -- you and you demand . I hold you responsible , just as though you shot he in the head . and I be not gonna let that go for long ! pentangeli walk out of the restaurant ; there 's a little tension between the bodyguard of the two faction . rosato ( o.s. ) hey , five -angel ... he give he the arm . frankie 's face turn red , like he want to have it out here and now ; but willy cicci calm he down , and they all make they move out . ext . the restaurant - day pentangeli get into the car . pentangeli nobody I hate call I five - angel to my face ! he slam the door . ext . pentangeli's long beach estate - day part of the old estate of Don corleone . by now , the wall have be tear down , and the other house sell off . his car be park ; pentangeli step out , still angry over the confrontation . as he approach the house , he notice something strain about the bodyguard who discreetly guard he house . no one seem to want to tell he . pentangeli what 's up ? pentangeli glance over to the front door foyer . pentangeli's view the strange and silent bussetta , the man who now always travel with Michael . int . pentangeli's house - day pentangeli enter ; he see he wife , stand oddly in the hallway . pentangeli ( sicilian ) what 's this ? wife Michael corleone . pentangeli one Michael corleone ... dove ? wife ( sicilian ) he 's in you study . he know it be very very serious for Michael to be here in he home . he automatically move into he study . int . pentangeli's study - day Michael stand quietly in the room . this be once he father 's study , although it be totally redecorate . pentangeli start sweat , and move toward the young Don , and kiss he hand . pentangeli Don corleone , I wish you let I know you be come . we could have prepare something for you . michael I do not want you to know I be come . you hear what happen in my home ? pentangeli Michael , yes , we be all relieved ... michael ( furious ) in my home ! in the same room where my wife be sleep ; where my child come in they pajamas , and play with they toy . he 's terrify pentangeli with he anger ; then , just as suddenly , he talk quietly , calmly . michael I want you to help I take my revenge . pentangeli Michael , anything . what be it I can do for you ? michael I want you to settle this trouble with the rosato Brothers . pentangeli I be just go to contact you , Michael ; we just have a ' sit-down ' - in fact , I just come from there . michael I want you to settle on they term . pentangeli Mike , I do not understand . do not ask I to do that . michael trust I ; do as I ask . pentangeli it would be the beginning of the end for my family . how can I keep all my other territory in like if I let two wise - guy stand up and demand this and that , and then give it to they ? michael frankie ... do you respect I ? do I have you loyalty ? pentangeli always ... but sometimes I do not understand . I know I will never have you kind of brain , in big deal . but Mike , this be a street thing . and hyman roth in Miami be behind the rosato Brothers . michael I know . pentangeli then why do you want I to lay down to they ? michael ( coldly , but convincing ) frankie , roth try to have I kill . I be sure it be he , but I do not know yet why . pentangeli Jesus Christ , Michael , then let 's hit them now , while we still get the muscle . michael this be my father 's old study . when I be a kid , we have to be quiet when we play near here . when I be older , I learn many thing from he here . I be happy that this house never go to stranger ; first clemenza take it over , and then you . my father teach I , in this room , never to act until you know everything that 's behind thing . never . if hyman roth see that I intercede with you in the rosato Brothers ' favor , he will think he relationship with I be still sound . I be go somewhere to meet he tomorrow . we have friend in some very important business that we be make . do this for I ; you make the peace with the rosato Brothers on they term . let the word out that I force you ; you be not happy wit hit , but acquiesce , just because of I . it will get back to hyman roth . do this , frankie . you can trust I . pentangeli sure , Mike . I will go along . michael good . they embrace ; Michael kiss he . he look at the young Don , thoughtfully . int . tropicana HOTEL - close view - day the money trays be carefully unload from the game table , and put on a cart with other . the cart , precede and follow by security guard , be then wheeled through the casino , into a private , count room . int . counting room - mo . view - day the guard leave the room ; the door be lock after they , leave only hagen . neri and a accountant , a very fat man . the numbered box be open , and cash and check be spread out on the count table . the accountant begin with amazing speed and skill , to count and divide the money . neri Fifteen percent skim ? hagen twenty - five this time . the accountant stop , and look up to neri . neri it might show . hagen Mike want it . neri nod , and the accountant continue . neri open a door , allow a sandy - haire man , a courier , into the room . the cream be place into he pouch personally by neri . neri we have never send this much with one courier . hagen ( to the courier ) you plan be a little different this time . you skip Miami , and go straight to geneva . it 's to be deposit to this number . ( hand he a small envelope ) and it 's get to be there by Monday morning , no slip-up . courier I think I be ' pick - up ' last trip . that hour layover I have at Kennedy . I go over and buy a paper ... neri have finish put the ' cream ' money into the pouch . neri that be we people . courier okay , just think you should know . he be just about to close and lock the pouch , when hagen gesture that he should wait , and add more stack of carefully package bill into the pouch . then neri lock it , and handcuffs it to the courier 's arm , look inquiringly at hagen . hagen let they count . the courier be show out through a private door , and then the first door be open . two accountant come in with the guard , and the trays be open , and the count process be begin all over again , this time with the State tally sheet . int . tropicana corridor - moving view - day the courier continue on he way ; follow by hagen and neri . neri what 's up ? hagen no question . neri I get to ask question , Tom , there 's three million dollar cash in that pouch ; Mike be go and I have no word from he . hagen Al , as far as you be concerned , I be the Don . neri how do I know you have not go into business for yourself ? this hurt Tom ; but he be a reasonable man , and he know he owe neri some explanation . hagen you have be through a lot with we so I be go to give you the truth . Mike know it be someone within the compound that set he up for that hit . so nobody be to know where he be , not you , not rocco , not even he brother fredo . sorry , Al , I know how you feel about Mike ... but he still remember tessio . ext . key west - night Michael be lead to a desolate , night - light private dock . he be follow by the ever- present bussetta , and they be help onto a light - weight , luxury cabin cruiser . the crew cast off various rope , and the boat set out into the night . fade out . fade in : ext . tahoe estate - day a seaplane land nicely by the private corleone harbor ; hagen disembark with he inevitable overload briefcase . he continue down the ramp , past several buttonm , dress in summer casual attire , and who resemble secret service man rather than thug . his wife theresa lie on a blanket on the great lawn , with she youngest child , who run to they father for a kiss . theresa hungry ? hagen just a little . theresa I have invite mama , Sandra and the kid for barbecue . hagen what about Kay ? theresa I could not find she . she 's be so broody , stick to herself . ext . tahoe lawn barbecue - mo . view - day hagen and sonny 's boy be throw a football around on the lawn ; the littler kid run after they . coal be burn in the old style stone barbecue , and several table be set for the family . in the distance , there be always evidence of the bodyguard . theresa , mama and Sandra prepare the steak . hagen relax in a sport shirt . hagen let I try Kay . he cross the lawn , to the house on the beach where Michael and he family live . be about to knock on the door : hagen be son hey , pop , head up ! the football be fly in he direction ; he catch it and throw it back . then he crack the door open , and peek in . int . michael be house - day hagen Kay ? he step in , the beautiful summer live room be neat , but empty . hagen anyone hungry ? he move through the house more quickly ; into the dining and recreation room area . a cat jump off a pile of cushion and run across the room . hagen hello ? sandra ( o.s. ) she 's go , Tom . Sandra have follow he into Michael 's house . hagen what do you mean go ? sandra the barrett from rubicon Bay come by in a new speedboat . rocco try to say she be not in , but Kay spot they and ask if they would take she and the kid for a ride . that be three hour ago . hagen ( furious ) why do not someone tell I ! sandra I want to tell you alone ; you wife do not know what 's go on . hagen rush out of the house . ext . tahoe lawn - day hagen move quickly out of Michael 's house ; move across the lawn to the boathouse . hagen be son hey , dad ! this time he ignore the throw ball , and move directly to rocco , who be by some man near the boathouse . hagen rocco ! rocco I know . I go down to the Barrett house . but she 's go . they drive she and the kid to North tahoe airport . hagen goddamn it , where be you ? rocco I be in my house . willy try , but it would have take some strong - arm to stop she , and he figure you would not want that . int . the boathouse - day they enter the boathouse . hagen ( to one of the man ) get I a scotch and water . the man hurry behind the bar . rocco she take a flight to San Francisco . we figure she 's go to connect to New Hampshire ; she parent ' place . hagen ( almost to himself ) I can not let he down . he swallow the drink down in several gulp . and then look up to he man watch he . he 's embarrassed to have show such weakness . hagen all right , let I think a minute . rocco clear the man out . rocco I too , Tom ? hagen yeah , give I a minute . rocco go , hagen move behind the enormous bar , and pour himself a giant drink . he drink that , and calm himself . hagen oh Christ , pop . it be so good when you be alive . I feel I could handle anything ... ext . view from boat - full view - day a beautiful coastal view of a tropical Caribbean city . a extraordinary view , high building , palm tree , all set right on the bay . mo . close view on michael on the cruiser , bussetta a little distance away , watch , but never speak . the dark -skin captain of the cruiser keep point repeatedly . captain habana , habana . ext . havana STREET - moving view - day Michael and bussetta be drive in a mercury sedan , make its way through the street of Havana . close view on michael look out the window . michael' Pov crowd street , occasional rove band play for the tourist ; there be much evidence of tourism : Americans walk through the street with camera . occasionally , we see a Cuban with a row of number attach to he hat , carry a big sheet of the daily lottery number . from all of this street impression , the city be booming with activity , but there be also much evidence of whore and pimp and little child begging in the street . mo . view the big american car stop at a intersection . bussetta be sit in the forward passenger side ; while Michael be in the back . he hear tapping on the window ; he turn and see four Cuban boy tapping on he window and extend they hand , and rub they stomach as though they be hungry . the Cuban driver roll down he window and shout they away in Spanish . int . havana casino lobby - moving view - night Michael be lead through a beautiful wooden lobby of the hotel , do in Spanish style , apparently just recently complete . he be approach by a thin , mousy man , SAM roth , who usher he toward the casino entrance . SAM roth hiya , Mr. corleone , I be Sam roth . welcome to the capri ; my brother 's upstairs . you wanta take a rest before you see he , or can I get you something , anything at all ? michael no , I be fine . he lead Michael into the main casino . SAM roth this be it ! we think it make Vegas look like the corner crap game . michael very impressive . SAM roth Jake , Jake , come over here . Mike , I want you to meet Jake Cohen ; he manage the casino for we . cohen ( appreciate Michael 's status ) Mr. corleone . Sam turn to bussetta and extend he glad-hand . SAM roth pleasure to meet you , I be sure ... he get no response whatsoever from bussetta . int . presidential palace - night a extremely tall , well - build Cuban , tan and wear a attractive mustache , leon , in he middle forty , read from a prepare paper . his sentence be translate by a smaller man , stand to he rear . leon ( Spanish ) most respected gentleman , allow I to welcome you to the City of Havana , the Republic of Cuba on behalf of his excellency , fulgencio batista . the view begins to move along the various man gather for this meeting . leon ( o.s. ) I would like to thank this distinguished group of american industrialist , for continue to work with Cuba , for the great period of prosperity in she entire history . Mr. William proxmiro , represent the General fruit company ... messr . corngold and dant , of the United telephone and telegraph company ; Mr. petty , regional vice - President of the Pan american mining Corporation ; and , of course , we friend Mr. Robert Allen , of South american sugar . Mr. nash of the american State Department . and Mr. hyman roth of Miami , and Michael corleone of nevada represent we associate in Tourism and Leisure activity . view on the entire group Leon pause to take a drink of water . then proudly , he lift a shiny yellow telephone for all to see . leon the President would like to take this opportunity to thank U t&amp ; T for they lovely gift : a solid gold telephone ! he think all you gentleman would care to take a look at it . he hand the heavy phone set to one of he aide , and it be pass in turn to each of the man in attendance . corngold you excellency , perhaps you could discuss the status of rebel activity and how this may affect we business . mo . close view on michael he receive the telephone , and glance at it before pass it on to hyman roth . leon ( o.s. ) of course . the rebel movement be basically unpopular , and since July of 1958 have be contain in the oriente Province , in the mountain of the Sierra muestre . Michael pass the phone on to roth . leon ( continue ) we begin a highly successful offensive against they in March , and activity within the city itself be at a minimum . I can assure you we will tolerate no guerrilla in the casinos or swim pool ! General subdued laughter . a cuban STREET - late day Police be stop traffic . Michael 's mercury be among the car ; a police officer , see that some important person be be drive , walk up to the driver . he lean forward , and say something in Spanish to the driver . the driver , in turn , lean over to Michael . driver he say it will just be a short time and they will let we through . Michael look out the window . michael' view the old building have be totally surround by police and military vehicle . right at this moment , they be wait lazily , but soldier be there with automatic weapon ready . there be a momentary commotion inside the building , and the man brace up . a Captain of the Army detachment say something in Spanish over a megaphone ; and he man put they weapon at the ready , as other policeman lead a group of civilian out of the building with they hand up . they be move over to some military truck , where they be frisk before be load . all of a sudden , one of the civilian rebel break loose , and rush toward the command vehicle . he hurl himself into the vehicle , as two police try to pull he out . a second later , and there be a explosion ; the man obviously have hide a grenade on he body , sacrifice he own life to take the life of the Captain . there be a commotion , but the military quickly quell it . close view on michael watch . the police rush to Michael 's car and guide it outside of the trouble area . mo . view as they lead and escort the mercury out of the area . ext . havana country club - close view - day some glass ; rum be pour into they ; then coca cola . Quarter lime be squeeze . SAM roth ( o.s. ) rum ... coca cola ... a squeeze of fresh lime ... Sam prepare the drink for he brother , hyman , and a group of man , include Michael . man Cuba libre . michael I be tell the cuban now call this drink : " La mentira . " roth I still do not speak Spanish , Michael . michael it mean ... " the lie . " a moment 's hesitation , then a few of the man laugh . now two cuban in white carry a table which have a lovely small cake on it . SAM roth the cake be here . they all raise they glass to the old man . everyone ( ad lib ) happy birthday ! roth glance at the cake and its inscription , be pleased . roth I hope my age be correct : I be always accurate about my age . some laugh . he nod , and they begin to cut it , put a piece on plate , and carry they to the different man . roth everything we have learn in Vegas be true here ; but we can go further . the bigger , the swankier , the plusher the store , the more a sense of legitimacy , and the bigger business we do . ( look at the plate bring to he ) a smaller piece . what we have propose to the Cuban government be that it put up half the cash on a dollar for dollar basis . ( accept a smaller piece ) thank you . we can find people in the United States who will put up we share for a small piece of the action , yet we will retain control . one of the men how much ? roth a hundred million dollar . but only if this government relax its restriction on import building material ; we will need some new law , too , but that will be no difficulty . another man what be import duty now ? roth as much as seventy percent . also , I be work out a arrangement with the Minister of Labor so that all we pit boss , stick -men and dealer , can be consider specialize technician eligible for two year visa . as of now they be only allow in Cuba for six month at a time . in short , we be in a full partnership with the Cuban government . view on michael be hand a piece of cake . roth move over to a folder of document . roth ( continue ) here be application from Friends all over the States . I understand Santo virgilio in Tampa be try to make he own deal . well , the Cuban government will brush he off . the lakeville Road boy be go to take over the nacionale here . I be plan a new hotel casino to be know as riviera . the new capri will go to the corleone family . mo . view the cake be slice and carry to each of the man . roth then there 's the sevilla biltmore ; the Havana Hilton , which be go to cost twenty - four million -- Cuban bank will put up half , the teamster will bankroll the rest . generally , there will be friend for all we friend include the Lieutenant Governor of nevada ; Eddie Levine of Newport will bring in the pennino Brothers , dino and Eddie ; they will handle actual casino operation . and see that all of he friend have be serve , roth raise he fork . roth enjoy . michael I see a interesting thing today . a man be be arrest by the military Police ; probably a urban guerrilla . Rather than be take alive , he explode a grenade hide in he jacket , take the command vehicle with he . the various man look up as Michael eat he cake , wonder what the point of it be . michael it occur to I : the police be pay to fight , and the rebel be not . SAM roth so ? michael so , that occur to I . view on roth he understand Michael 's point , if the other do not . roth this country have have rebel for the last fifty year ; it 's part of they blood . believe I , I know ... I have be come here since the twenty ; we be run molass out of Havana when you be a baby . to truck own by you father . ( he chuckle warmly over the memory ) we will talk when we be alone . and he return he attention to the man who be gather with he on he birthday . ext . roth's private terrace - day Michael sit alone with the old man , on a terrace that overlook the city . roth you have to be careful what you say in front of the other ... they frighten easy . it 's always be that way , most man frighten easy . michael we be make a big investment in Cuba . that 's my only concern . roth my concern be that the three million never arrive at batista 's numbered account in Switzerland . he think it 's because you have second thought about he ability to stop the rebel . michael the money be send . roth then you have to trace it . Michael , people here look at I as a reliable man . I can not afford not to be look on as a reliable man . but you know all that ; there 's nothing you can learn from I . you should not have to put up with a sick old man as a partner . michael I would not consider anyone else . roth except the President of the United States . he laugh slyly , as though this be some private joke between they . then he laughter become a cough , which he painfully stifles with a handkerchief . roth if only I could live to see it , kid ; to be there with you . how beautifully we have do it , step by step . here , protect , free to make we profit without the justice Department , the FBI ; ninety mile away in partnership with a friendly government . ninety mile , just a small step , look for a man who desperately want to be President of the United States , and have the cash to make it possible . michael you will be there to see it ; you will be there . int . michael be suite - night the telephone have just rung ; Michael listen . operator we have you call to tahoe , nevada , sir . michael thank you . ( click , click ) Tom ? Tom , be that you ? rocco ( o.s. ) no , Tom 's out of town . this be rocco . who be this ? Michael be openly disturb that hagen be not there . he hang up without answer . ext . new england house - day Tom hagen step out of a taxicab a bit tentatively , and then step toward the door of a pleasant New England house . he ring the bell and wait , hat in hand . a moment later , the door open , and Kay be stand there . kay I be not surprised to see you , Tom . int . SMALL room - new england house - mo . view - day out to the yard , where we can see glimpsis of little Anthony play by himself . kay ( o.s. ) I can not love a man like that ; I can not live with he , I can not let he be father to my child . look . the little boy , moodily by himself . view on kay obviously move . kay he 's not like a little boy ... he do not talk to I ; he do not want to play ; he do not like other child , he do not like toy . it 's as though he 's wait for the time he can take he Father 's place . ( almost in tear ) you know what he tell I when he be four year old . he say he have kill he grandfather ... view on hagen listen , calmly . kay ... he say he have shot he grandfather with a gun , and then he die in the garden . and he ask I ... he ask I , Tom , if that mean now he father would shoot he out of ... revenge . ( she cry ) how do a four year old boy learn the word ... ' revenge ' ? hagen Kay ... Kay ... view on kay kay what kind of a family be this ... be we human being ? he know he Father kill he uncle Carlo . he hear connie . hagen you do not know that 's true . but Kay , just for the sake of a argument , let 's assume it be , I be not say it be , remember , but ... what if I give you what might be some justification for what he do ... or rather some possible justification for what he possibly do . kay that 's the first time I have see the lawyer side of you , Tom . it 's not you best side . hagen okay , just hear I out . what if Carlo have be pay to help get sonny kill ? what if he beat of connie that time be a deliberate plot to get sonny out into the open ? then what ? and what if the Don , a great man , could not bring himself to do what he have to do , avenge he son 's death by kill he daughter 's husband ? what if that , finally , be too much for he , and he make Michael he successor , know that Michael would take that load off he shoulder , would take that guilt ? kay he 's not the same as when I meet he . hagen if he be , he would be dead by now . you would be a widow . you would have no problem . kay what the hell do that mean ? come on , Tom , speak out straight once in you life . I know Michael can not , but you be not sicilian , you can tell a woman the truth ; you can treat she like a equal , a fellow human be . there be a long silence . then hagen shake he head ; he can tell she no more . hagen if you tell Michael what I have tell you today , I be a dead man . kay when be it finally over ? I want it to be over before my baby be bear . hagen I do not know . I hope soon ; but it 's not over yet , and that 's why you and the kid have to come back to I . he look at she ; it 's clear that he have be entrust with she safety and she child . he be a kind , good man , and seem very nervous and overwrought . view on the window Little Anthony be press he face against the glass pane , as though he sense the adult be discuss something of importance to he . int . tropicana HOTEL -casino - mo . view - night the baccarat table . busy , hundred dollar bill be play . loudspeaker Mr. corleone ; Mr. freddie corleone , telephone please . pit boss not here . view on the crap table the play be fast ; pit boss preside ; but no sign of fredo . loudspeaker telephone for Mr. corleone . another part of the casino we see neri , ominous , preside over the entire store . he pick up a pit telephone . neri he 's backstage . ( and hang up disgustedly ) int . tropicana backstage area - mo . view - night fredo be entertaining two showgirl do up in feather and what - have - you . fredo c'mon , you get fifteen minute before the finale ! I want to show you a trick with feather . stagehand phone for you . fredo do not go away ; wait a minute . he take the phone ; we can catch a view of the show go on from the wing . fredo ( on the phone ) yeah . okay . who ? mikey ? but ... Si ... si , caposco . ( in sicilian ) sure ... how much ? I understand . Jesus , three million ... I will not let you down . sure . he hang up thoughtfully . one of the girl freddie ; we still get twelve minute before the finale ! fredo yeah ... some other time . ext . new york bar - day there be a light rain . pentangeli step out of he car ; point to willy cicci . pentangeli wait in the car . he walk up the street , to the bar , where he be greet by the tall , handsome carmine rosato . they shake hand . pentangeli look in he hand . close view rosato have put a crisp one hundred dollar bill in he hand , fold sharply in two . pentangeli what 's this ? rosato that 's a lucky C note for we new deal . he put he arm around pentangeli , and they walk into the bar . int . the bar - day the bar be fairly empty ; and very dark . pentangeli and rosato step up to the bar ; the bartender momentarily stop polish glass to pour a couple of drink . rosato we be all real happy about you decision , frankie ; you be not goin ' to regret it . he hold up the glass . pentangeli I do not like the C -note . I take it like a insult . suddenly , a garrote be throw around pentangeli 's throat ; and he be forcefully yank back into the shadow , all the way into a wooden telephone booth . close view the fold hundred dollar bill rest on the bar . mo . close - the phone booth we see only pentangeli 's foot and leg , struggle . we hear the terrible sound of a man be strangle . close on rosato calm , and then he see something that disturb he . rosato shit , you friend the cop ! suddenly , the side door open , and a shaft of sunlight cut through the darkness . cop everything all right in there , ritchie ? the door be open . close on the phone booth pentangeli 's foot stop move . ritchie just clean up . ( strain voice ) you okay ? cop be that something on the floor ? rosato take he ! voice okay . ritchie not here ; not a cop , not here ! two figure race through the shadow and race through the door . cop ( shouting to he partner , in uniform ) stutz ! watch out , stutz ! ext . the bar - day we see that a patrol car have stop for its routine visit . stutz , the second patrolman , be just step out of he car ; pentangeli 's bodyguard , see the commotion , leap out . Three man , include rosato , rush out . there be gunfire ; cicci be wounded . mo . close the patrolmen be graze across the face ; try to stop the flow of blood with he hand . new view the three assailant jump into the car and drive off . int . the bar - day the stricken pentangeli come back to life . he can barely move he lip . pentangeli the bastard . the dirty bastard , he give I a C -note . he give I a C - note . he see the patrolman lean over he . ext . patrol car - day the sergeant be on the car radio . sergeant frankie pentangeli murder attempt . patrolman stutz shot . sahara Lounge - utica Avenue and claredon Road . White cadillac three or four man take off from scene . need ambulance ; stutz be bad . take pentangeli into custody ... int . roth's suite in havana - mo . close view on roth - day his wizen face , pale . right now , though , he eye have a sparkle as he watch three million dollar in cold cash be count on a card table in front of he . his brother Sam be present , and the sandy - haire courier , a little nervous ; the one who have leave from the tropicana with the corleone skim-money . also johnny ola . the money be evidently all there ; roth pick up a packet ; probably a hundred thousand dollar , and throw it over to the courier . roth make it fast ; I do not want to chance he be see . courier ( frighten ) what about the arrangement ? how can I be sure about the arrangement ? ola relax . you be under we protection ; the corleone family will never find you . ola lead the courier to the adjoin room where two smartly dress military ( Cuban ) Police be stand , and a civilian . the courier see they , look back to ola . one of the police step forward , place the courier under arrest ; handcuff he . courier hey , what 's this ? the other take the packet of money , and hand it to the civilian , who place it in the briefcase he carry . the other officer kneel down and fasten leg manacle . courier the arrangement ... you bastard ! what ... the Captain strike he expertly across the side of he head with he pistol . ola close the door on this scene . ext . the havana capri - day fredo corleone step out of a car , squint up at the sunshine and palm tree . he be hold on tightly to a small satchel , which he will not let the bellman carry along with he other thing . int . michael be suite - mo . close view - day Michael and fredo in a brother 's embrace ; they kiss each other . fredo be still in he jacket , hold the satchel . fredo mikey . how be you ? he glance up at bussetta , who do not say a word . fredo extend he hand . fredo hiya , freddie corleone . michael mio fratello . then bussetta offer he hand back to fredo . fredo ( take off he jacket ) what a trip , Jesus Christ , the whole time I be think what if someone know what I get in here . he undoe the combination of the briefcase start take out cash . then he stop , remember that there 's a stranger in the room . fredo oh , 'scuse I . michael it 's all right . he stay with I all the time . fredo oh. mikey , what 's up ? I be totally in the dark . michael we be make a investment in Havana . fredo great , Havana 's great . lot of activity in Havana ! anybody I know here . five - angel ? anybody ? michael johnny ola ... hyman roth . fredo I never meet they . michael pentangeli 's dead . he be ambush by the rosato Brothers . ( pause ) do not you know that ? fredo no . no , I do not . who tell I anything ? I be keep in the dark so long , I be get use to it . michael I want you to help I , fredo . fredo that 's what I be here for . michael tonight I want to relax with you . the Senator from nevada be here with some people from Washington . I want to show they a good time in Havana . fredo Count on I ; that 's my specialty . michael I would like to come along . there 's be a lot of strain , and I have be coope up in this room for three day . fredo I and you , great ! gimme a hour to wash my face and do my research and we will have this Washington sucker right where you want them . ( then a think strike he ) poor frankie five - angel . he always want to die in bed ... with a broad . int . roth's suite - mo . view - day Michael stand at roth 's door carry the briefcase that fredo have bring . a hotel doctor take hyman roth 's blood pressure , while he wife wait nervously . doctor ( Spanish ) you must not exert yourself ; I will write out a prescription and come back tomorrow . HOTEL man he 's go to write a prescription . roth I want my own doctor ; fly he in from Miami . I do not trust a doctor who can not speak English . the doctor be show out . roth gesture to the hotel man , who also leave . then he look to he wife . roth honey , go down to the casino ? terri if you feel better ... roth I do . play the bingo game . they kiss , and she leave . also bussetta and ola remain . roth my sixth sense tell I you have a bag full of money in you hand . ola lock the door ; Michael nod , and open the bag , spilling its content on the card table . michael this double my investment . roth still no word of you courier ? we will find he . but at least this will satisfy we friend here . you have be invite to the New Year reception at the presidential Home . I understand you brother be here as well ; I hope he will come . michael six million dollar in cash be a high price for a piece of a country in the middle of a revolution . roth look patiently at Michael , as though he be a child who have not minded the lesson that he have be teach over and over again . roth you be a careful kid , and that 's good . but look . a international dispatch on the wire service . american journalism , not propaganda . the government troops have all but eliminate the rebel . all but they radio station . michael I have read it ; I be pleased that the government be do so well . as a heavy investor , I be pleased . how do the doctor find you ? roth terrible . I would give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurt . michael who have frankie pantangeli kill ? roth ( take a bit off - balance ) why ... the rosato Brothers . michael I know that ; but who give the go ahead . roth glance to ola ; he be not a fool ; he realize Michael have begin to suspect he . michael I know it be not I ... so that leave you . roth there be this kid that I grow up with ; he be a couple year young than I , and sort of look up to I , you know . we do we first work together , work we way out of the street . thing be good and we make the most of it . during prohibition , we run molass up to Canada and make a fortune ; you father too . I guess as much as anyone , I love he and trust he . later on he have a idea to make a city out of a desert stop -over for g.i. 's on the way to the West Coast . that kid 's name be moe greene , and the city he invent be Las Vegas . this be a great man ; a man with vision and gut ; and there be not even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of he in that town . someone put a bullet through he eye ; no one know who give the order . when I hear about it I be not angry . I know moe ; I know he be headstrong , and talk loud , and say stupid thing . so when he turn up dead , I let it go , and say to myself : this be the business we have choose . I never ask , who give the go ahead because it have nothing to do with business . he regards Michael silently a moment . roth ( continue ) there 's three million dollar on that table . I be go to lie down , maybe take a nap . when I wake up , if it 's still there , I will know I have a partner . if it 's go , then I will know I do not . the old man turn , and move in he slipper , toward he bedroom . int . the corridor - day Michael close the door , and move down the hallway . he be follow by bussetta , who have wait in the corridor . michael ( sicilian ) how sick do you think the old man be ? bussetta ( sicilian ) he will live longer than I . int . tropicor night club - view on the show - night a Havana extravaganza , with tall , beautiful showgirl do up in flamboyant , ' South -of - the - border ' carmen miranda costume ; the lead singer be a six foot blonde do " rum and coca cola " in that style . her name be yolanda . mo . view at a large round table , locate in a obvious VIP section of the high , tropically drape room with live fern and other tropical plant with artificial star . Michael rise , to be introduce by fredo to some conservative look senatorial type , include Senator Pat geary of nevada . we notice bussetta stand nearby . fredo do everyone know everyone , or nobody know nobody . here , my brother , Michael corleone ... well , you know Senator geary . geary warmly shake Michael 's hand . senator geary good to see you , Mike ; I be glad we can spend this time together . fredo this be Senator payton from Florida ; judge demalco from New York ... Senator ream ... Mr. questadt from California , he 's a lawyer with the price - Control administration . and Fred corngold of U t&amp ; T . they all make themselves comfortable . a waiter with a tray of drink appear . fredo gentlemen ... you pleasure ? Cuba libre , pina coladas , you name it . senator geary I will take a yolanda . laughter . fredo later , later . all that girl look like they be on stilt ! the various tropical drink be distribute . senator geary to a night in Havana ! they all join in . fredo ( aside to Michael ) jeeze , it 's great you come along , Mike ... you know , we have never spend a night out on the town together . I always think you look down on I for like a good time . michael I never look down on you , fredo . you do not look down at a brother . int . the casino - night by now the group have make its way into the casino . some of they be crowded around the crap table ; Senator geary be with the enormous and beautiful yolanda , who barely speak English . there be other girl with some of the man ; not with Michael , who gamble dollar while talk to corngold . corngold we information be that castro be dead . there be maybe a few hundred die-hard in the Sierra muestra ; but government troops be go to clean they out any day . johnny ola approach Michael . ola Mike , can I talk to you . Michael follow ola toward the baccarat table ; a watchful bussetta move , a distance away , with they . ola listen , this Senator from Florida already have a hundred grand worth of marker on the table . we can see Senator ream at the table , make thousand dollar bet on the Bank . ola they ask he to sign paper to take down the marker ; but he get mad ; tell they to wait until he be finish . michael let he gamble . ola okay . you know he do not have that kind of money . fredo Mike say let he gamble . fredo put he arm around he brother ; he be high with the first attention Mike have ever give he , as though finally he be be take seriously ; as though he brother need he . fredo Mike , I get something special up my sleeve for this boy . you ever hear of " superman ? " and I do not mean the comic book . michael no . fredo wait will you see ! int . havana bar - night we group be in a large Havana bar ; the wall totally cover with hundred of fifth of different type of rum and other liquor . a couple of the girl from the show be out with the man ; yolanda herself be give they a private song and dance . fredo be a little load , and especially attentive to Michael this night . fredo mikey , why would they ever hit poor old frankie five - angel ? I love that ole sonuvabitch . I remember when he be just a ' button , ' when we be kid . we use to put bedsheet on we head , you know , like we be ghost . a ' ole frankie come peek into we room , we would jump up , and he would always pretend like he be really scared . you remember ? michael it be hard to have he kill . fredo you ? what do you mean you , I think ... michael it be hard to have he kill . fredo you ? what do you mean you , I think ... michael it be frankie try to have I hit . fredo no . I mean , be you sure ? michael you know otherwise , freddie ? fredo me? no , no , I do not know anything . fellas ! you be all fall asleep . we get to see superman . close on michael a grow feel about he brother . ext . garish havana STREET - night the street be light with ton of neon sign ; it be alive with people ; some rove band of musician . everywhere be little boy run around , begging for money . and in doorway and window be silent , dark -skin woman . senator ream ( push away from the palm outstretch little hand of the boy ) goddamn begger . goddamn city of beggar and pimp and whore . and we bend over backwards to support they with the goddamn sugar quota . fredo ( to geary ) what 's eat he ? senator geary he lose a quarter million dollar at the casino . senator ream ... goddamn city of whore ... senator geary he give they a bad check . int . ' superman show ' - mo . view - night a large room with a succession of platform arrange step - like around a circular area which become a stage . there be a hundred or so people , practically all man , tourist and business man , stand on the different level , form the audience . in the center of the stage be a thick , telephone type pole , to which be tie a young Cuban girl , in a flimsy white sacrificial slip . a small band , mostly drummer , play some Latin music . mo . view fredo 's party stand on the ramp , look down at the spectacle . they be a little woozy from the drink and late hour . Michael be with they , but now we sense he be use this time , with all exhaust and drunk , to come to some important conclusion . questadt why do we have to stand ? fredo everyone stand . but it 's worth it , watch ! view on the arena now two high priestess , scantily clad , bring in a tall and muscular Cuban , do up in chain and loin cloth , as though he be a capture slave . this be superman view across the men to the stage fredo that 's he ; that 's superman ! some preliminary pornographic proceedings go on , as the priestess lead the slave to the virgin tie to the post . the music be percussive and wild . mo . view on the men senator geary ohmygod . I do not believe it . questadt it 's get to be fake . fredo that 's why they call he superman . johnny ola tell I about this ; I do not believe it . close on Michael turn away . not because of the spectacle which he find disgusting , but at what he brother be say . fredo ( o.s. ) ... but see be believe . ole johnny know all the place . I tol ' you ... can you believe it ? if Michael would ever allow himself to cry , it would be now . fredo ( continue ) the old man roth , would never come ; but johnny know this place like the back of he hand ... fade out . fade in : int . michael be suite - mo . view - morning Michael be alone in he bedroom ; it seem as though he have not sleep very much , but sit by he window , look out at the city . he be troubled and tired . his radio be on : radio ( Spanish ) " this be rebel Radio : rebel troops of column four ' Jose marti ' take the town of baire yesterday at 8:30 p.m . the enemy have retreat ... " ext . cuban STREET - morning this street in Havana be like a Caribbean tourist city with no indication of the revolution in progress . Michael walk along the street , alone , past the cuban on they way to work ; past the american lady who have get up early for they shopping spree . radio ( Spanish ) ( continue ) ... a important military action be develop along a 35 - kilometer stretch of the Central highway . numerous enemy garrison be leave with two alternative , surrender or annihilation ... one full block away , bussetta ride in the front seat of the dark mercury , drive slowly , give Michael he privacy , but never let he out of bussetta 's sight . close on michael watch . michael' view shopkeeper happily luring the tourist into they shop in break English . Havana be prosperous . radio ( continue ) ... victory in war depend on a minimum on weapon and to a maximum on morale ... view on michael glance back to the dark car follow he . in a moment , it pull up to he , and he get into the back seat . ext . american military mission - view on michael - day stand by he car , look through the cyclone fencing that border this military training camp operate by the american Army near the city . radio ... War be not a simple question of rifle , bullet , gun and plane ... closer view into the camp ext . havana STREET - day a street singer , follow by a guitarist sing Jose marti 's word of " guantanamera . " it be solemn , as though it be a song of protest , a song of the revolution . nearby , in a restaurant , Michael have lunch with fredo . michael how be you wife , fredo ... you marriage ? fredo ( eat ) you know she ; drive I crazy , one minute she 's a popsicle , the next she 's all vinegar . sometimes I think ... I think - I should a marry someone , like you do . to have kid , to have a family . Michael turn , distract for a moment at something the singer have sung . michael " yo soy un hombre sincero ... " I be a sincere man , from the land of the palm ... fredo what 's that ? michael the song . be you sincere with I , fredo ? fredo sincere . what be you talk about , of course I be sincere with you , Mike . michael then I be go to confide in you ; trust you with something . fredo ( sicilian ) Mike , be you crazy , I be you brother . michael tonight we have be invite to a reception at the presidential Palace ; to bring in the New Year . you and I will go in a special car that 's be send . they will have cocktail ... then dinner , and a reception with the President . when it 's over , it will be suggest that you take questadt and he friend from Washington to spend the night with some woman . I will go home alone in the car ; and before I reach the hotel , I will be assassinate . fredo ... who ? michael the same man who try in nevada ... hyman roth , not pentangeli . fredo but , you tell I yourself ... michael it be never pentangeli ... I have always know that . it be roth all along . he talk to I as a son ; as he successor , but the old man think he will live forever . fredo what do you want I to do ? michael to go tonight , with I , as though we know nothing . I have already make my move . fredo what be it ? can I help ? michael the old man will never bring in the New Year . fredo realize what he mean ; look immediately to bussetta , who have be sit near the door and the musician . he be go . int . HOTEL corridor - moving view on bussetta - night the first time ever away from Michael , move toward we quickly . he stop , knock on the door of roth 's suite . then quickly for a man he size , he move without noise to the adjoin door , open it with a key , and disappear inside . a moment elapse on the empty corridor , and then a rouse johnny ola , open the first door . he step out into the corridor , to see who have knock . confused , he be about to return inside , when bussetta easily break he neck in two from behind . int . the suite - mo . view - night as bussetta quietly pull the limp body of johnny ola , he head bent at a impossible angle , and lay it at the foot of the couch . ext . presidential palace - night Guards who be regular troops patrol the Palace in twos , carry machine weapon . now a elite officer , check the identification of the various car carry dignitary , as they be drive up to the Palace . the one be inspect at the moment contain fredo and Michael . we can see the beautifully dress people on they way to the reception , and sense the cheerful mood of this New Year 's Eve . int . the suite - night bussetta bend over ola 's body , tie the wrist and knee with electrical extension . he then easily carry the body to the small balcony which all the room have . ext . the balcony - night bussetta swing the body over the side of the balcony railing ; tie the extension cord to the railing , and suspending the body so that it be invisible both from the inside and out during the night . int . presidential palace - view on the MAIN foyer - night the president , he wife and six oldest child great formally the many beautifully and affluently dress guest . he speak to they in Spanish , as one by one they file to he . Michael and fredo be present in a group with several other Americans , include several of the american businessman with interest in Cuba . ext . street of havana - mo . view - night the excitement of the night be beginning to build ; people be out in the street ; poor people , but they be enthusiastic and lively . new view traffic stop , as a ambulance speed its way to a hospital ; siren go . int . the suite - night bussetta delicately pick up a small satin cushion that have fall from the couch , and replace it as though nothing have happen . slowly he crack the door open which adjoin roth 's bedroom . there be a slight commotion ; whisper voice . bussetta's view terri , Mrs. roth , be cry . a group of man lift hyman roth 's frail body onto a stretcher . close on bussetta realize that this be the man he be to kill . closer view on roth he be alive ; breathe hard with he mouth dry and open . the doctor examine he , and then give instruction to the orderly who carry he out , presumably to the ambulance . bussetta close the door on this view . int . presidential palace - night a orchestra play for the guest , as a army of waiter serve champagne and hor d'oeuvre . Michael relax with Senator geary , Major Leon , and several of the Americans . questadt the embargo on arm shipment from the U.S. to you government , be just a necessary public relation move ... only last month , you air force receive a major shipment of rocket ... Michael glance at he watch ; fredo concentrate on this . senator geary we believe in non-intervention ... but the agreement stipulate that we force may be withdraw ... but as you have see , we have not withdraw they . corngold and my guess be that President eisenhower will not pull out while we have over three billion invest over here . michael fredo . where be you go ? fredo nowhere , Mike . I want to get a refill . how about you ? ext . havana hospital - mo . view - night the ambulance make its way up to the emergency section of the hospital . the orderly quickly carry the old man inside . his wife and the doctor , and several of he man , follow in another car . the view alter and we see bussetta wait in the shadow . ext . havana street - night the grow crowd of cuban begin they celebration . new view a Cuban military detachment speed along in the night , motorcyclist clear a path through the celebrant . int . presidential palace - full view - night a full sitdown dinner be be serve the guest . Michael sit at a table at dinner with several of the distinguished cuban , and some of the american businessman . questadt what 's keep Mr. roth ? fredo look up at Michael . in the back of the room , we notice the detachment of military move quickly through the reception room on they way to the President 's private quarter . Michael notice it as well . int . the hospital corridor - full view - night the activity at the end of the hall have come to rest ; we can tell that the doctor tell Mrs. roth that she should go , the old man will be take to a room where he can rest . gradually , this people leave he in the care of the hospital staff . bussetta watch from the distance of the hallway ; after the old man have be move , he quietly walk down the hallway to the room . he view a nurse sit in the room in attendance ; hyman roth be asleep , he mouth wide open , breathe noisily . view on bussetta hear footstep , quickly step away from the door , and into another room . some nurse and attendant speak to the nurse in the room in Spanish ; one have bring a small bottle of wine , and obviously they be invite the nurse to have a New Year 's toast with they . they laugh ; and the nurse step away from the room for a moment . bussetta move slowly back into the room , alone with the helpless roth . int . presidential palace - full view on the guest - night see in the New Year ; a great banner be hoist up in Spanish , welcoming 1959 . hand be shake ; kiss exchange . mo . close view Michael and fredo in a embrace ; they kiss one another . michael I have arrange for a plane ; we be go to Miami in a hour . try not to make a big thing of it . he kiss he brother once again . michael ( sicilian ) I know it be you , fredo . you have break my heart . slowly , understanding , fredo back away from he brother , take the kiss another way . a little distance away , Major Leon notice a old woman , one of the President 's maid , move across the alcove , carry she suitcase . leon what a pity ; she 's cry . must have be fire , and she 's be with the President 's family for twenty year . ext . havana street - night the gather crowd joyously welcome the New Year . we notice the continual military movement . mo . view a family surreptitiously leave they home , carry suitcase and belonging . int . roth's hospital room - night bussetta raise a hospital pillow , and easily begin to smother the thin old man , who can barely struggle . out in the hall a detachment of military move quickly , accompany by some of roth 's man , as though they have important news that must be deal with . they pass the small group of aide and nurse welcoming the New Year . see they , the nurse assign to he , put down she glass and move quickly to the room . she open the door , and lay bare the sight of bussetta smother roth . bussetta turn quickly ; and one of the military take out he pistol and shoot several time at he head . int . presidential palace - night the entire reception have be disrupt for a announcement ; all the guest in they formal dress and evening gowns , stand with frighten face like first class passenger on a doom ship . the President himself , he back to we view , be make a announcement in Spanish . while he speak , we notice continuous movement of he personal staff , carry suitcase and possession . president ... because of serious setback of we troops in Guantanamo and santiago , we feel reluctantly , that we must leave the Capital at once . myself and my family must bid you goodbye , and good fortune . we will go directly to ciudad trujillo . the crowd be stunne ; already whisper be move throughout the guest . the only one who be not completely take off guard be Michael , who quietly step back , and disappear from the room . president ... my only regret be that there could not have be more warning ... as my last official act as President , I hereby appoint a provisional government with Dr. carlos M. piedra , as its President . by now , there be only one think among the guest : how can they get out , and with what . ext . presidential palace - night we see evidence of the confusion at this late hour ; already car be beginning to move ; people leave the Palace in haste . Michael move quickly toward he car . he see fredo , watch he in fear . michael come with I . it 's you only way of get out ! view on fredo terrify of he brother , and what he know ; fredo back away into the grow noise and confusion of the crowd . view on michael finally , he have to step into the car and it roar off . ext . havana street - night rebel car with loudspeaker have already pick up the news that batista have concede ... this throw the crowd already gather for the New Year into cheer of joy . they harass a wealthy family who be try to get away in they car . the people pull they out of the car , open they suitcase , out of which spill pile of cash and jewelry into street . Michael 's car make its way as the crowd cheer : " El animale se fue ! " ext . the UNITED states embassy - mo . view - night crowd of panicked and frighten tourist , and batistiano be try to get to the safety of the embassy with the family and possession . we see geary , and some of the Americans we have meet , work they way through the crowd , shouting that they be Americans in order to get preference on the line . often that declaration bring ' boo ' from the crowd . sometimes the joyous cuban will let a family through , but again , take away the suitcase , rich leather , fill with money and valuable . money seem to be stuff everywhere . ext . the yacht club - night all form of private transportation be jamme with people try to get out , hold cash in they hand for anyone with a yacht or small boat to get they to Florida . a car pull up ; and we see Sam roth , terri roth and some of they man , carry the sickly , but still alive hyman roth to a private cruiser which be protect by man with machine gun . within second , they be on they way to Miami . ext . the private airport - night thing be no different at the airport ; where anything that can fly be be jamme with refugee and they money . a wealthy family be argue with the pilot of a fast airplane ; try to force cash on he , and he family into the plane . the pilot steadfastly refuse , although check he watch , as though he passenger be late . he speak only English . pilot no , this be a private plane . no , this plane be take . finally Michael 's mercury pull up , and Michael approach the Pilot . michael he be not here . pilot we have get to leave , they will take this thing apart . michael all right . go now . the Pilot let Michael in , as the Cuban scream curse at they , and begin search for another plane for he family . int . the plane - view on the pilot - night as the propeller turn over . ext . the airport - full view - night group of the cheer , celebrate cuban sing " guantanamera , " now as a song of triumph . int . the plane - moving view - michael - night closer to he , he personal and business life catch in the middle of history . ext . new york STREET - mo . view - day ( 1920 ) he stop to pick out some choice orange and peach from a fruit stand . then he reach into he pocket for change . vendor no , no . it be my pleasure to make this a gift . close view on vito vito you be kind . if ever I can do something for you , in return , please come to I . int . vito's tenement - day despite he new position of ' respect , ' there be little change about he home . only that they have live there a while now , and the room be fuller with the inevitable possession a young family acquire . he kiss he wife , who seem a big apprehensive . he show she the fruit ; and from she reaction know she have something on she mind . vito ( sicilian ) what be it ? carmella ( sicilian ) come ... they step into the tiny parlor , where we see a older woman , wait nervously . carmella the signora be a friend of mine . she have a favor to ask of you . vito ( sicilian ) why do you come to I ? signora colombo ( sicilian ) she tell I to ask you . he seem surprised ; look to he wife . carmella she be have some trouble . her landlord have receive complaint because of she dog . he tell she to get rid of it , but she boy love it , so they try to hide it . when the landlord find out , he be so angry , he order she to leave . even if she truly will let the dog go . signora colombo ( sicilian ) he say he would have the police put we out . vito ( thoughtfully ) I can give you some money to help you move , be that what you want ? signora colombo my friend be all here ; how can I move to another neighborhood with stranger ? I want you to speak to the landlord to let I stay . vito nod to the frighten old woman . vito it 's do then . you will not have to move ; I will speak to he tomorrow morning . carmella break into a smile ; which she husband des not acknowledge . the old woman start to leave the room ; but she be not convinced . signora colombo you be sure he will say yes , the landlord ? vito I be sure he 's a good-heart fellow . once I explain how thing be with you , I be sure he will take pity on you misfortune . do not let it trouble you any more . ( as he show she out ) Guard you health , for the sake of you child . ext . tenement block - day signor roberto , a pompous , rather well - dress patrone angrily walk down the step of one of he tenement building . he carry a check list , and make mark with a pencil concern the condition of he various building ; a break window here , some miss tile there . he bend over to pick up some garbage leave by a thoughtless tenant , mutter to himself , when he see the shoe and leg of a young worker . vito ( o.s. ) signore Roberto ... he rise to be face to face with a polite vito corleone . vito the friend of my wife , a poor widow with no man to protect she , tell I that for some reason she have be order to move from you building . she be in despair . she have no money , she have no friend except that that live here . signor Roberto brusquely answer , and continue on he way . roberto I have already rent the apartment to another family . moving shot on the two vito I tell she I would speak to you , that you be a reasonable man who act out of some misunderstanding . she have get rid of the animal that cause all the trouble , so why should not she stay . as one italian to another , I ask you the favor . roberto I have already rent it ; I cannot disappoint the new tenant . they be pay a higher rent . vito how much more a month ? roberto eh ... ( we sense he be lie ) five dollar more . vito reach into he pocket , and take out a roll of bill . vito here be the six month 's increase in advance . you need not speak to she about it , she 's a proud woman . see I again in another six month . but of course , you will let she keep she dog . roberto like hell ! and who the hell be you to give I order . watch you manners or you will be on you sicilian ass in the street there . vito raise he hand in surprise ; he voice be reasonable . vito I be ask you a favor , only that . one never know when one might need a friend , be not that true ? here , take this money as a sign of my good - will , and make you own decision . I will not quarrel with it . ( he put the money in Roberto 's hand ) do I this little favor , just take it and think carefully . tomorrow morning if you want to give I the money back , by all mean do so . if you want the woman out of you house , how can I stop you ? it 's you property , after all . if you do not want the dog in there , I can understand . I dislike dog myself . ( he pat Roberto on the shoulder ) do I this service , eh ? I will not forget it . ask you friend in this neighborhood about I , they will tell you I be a man who believe in show he gratitude . without a word more , vito leave a hypnotize Roberto stand in front of the tenement , he hand clasp the money . ext . neighborhood STREET - day a thin young man , almost gawky , walk down the street in this italian neighborhood , he name be hyman suchowsky . he carry he tool as he come home from work . he be pursue and torment by a couple of italian youth , about he own age , eighteen . italian boy kid , where do you live ? another where would you get that nigger lip ? he try not to be intimidate ; finally one of the boy , step in front of he and stop he . italian boy say ' bread ' in italian . another he dunno . italian boy go on ; how do you say ' bread ' in italian ? if you be from the neighborhood , you should know how to say ' bread ' in italian . a amused Peter clemenza step forward from a local coffee house , to preside over the fuss . he 's a ' big ' man in the neighborhood , and love a fight . clemenza what 's up ? italian boy this kid life around here , but he can not say bread in italian . clemenza that 's ' cause he 's Jew . look at that pregnant lip ! he giggle at he own joke . italian boy be you a jewboy ? the boy do not answer , try to keep go . italian boy well , if you be not a Jew , say ' bread ' in italian . see , he can not . and with that , he round a blow squarely to the boy 's face , send he sprawling to the cement , he tool fly with a clatter . the other italian immediately join in with a few kick to the boy 's stomach . hyman try to fight back ; grab a hold of he tormentor 's foot , and bring he down on the cement as well . for a moment , they be roll around on the sidewalk , two against one , hyman take the worst of it . clemenza alright , alright , cut it out . second italian what for ? he kill Jesus Christ ! clemenza pull he off , and kick he in the ass . clemenza I say cut it out ! ( to the beat kid ) what 's you name ? hyman hyman suchowsky . italian boy I do not believe it . in we neighborhood , with a name like that ! clemenza what be that tool ? you work on car ? hyman yeah . clemenza maybe I know how you can make a couple of extra buck work as a mechanic . the boy seem agreeable . clemenza but you gotta know how to keep you mouth shut , and fer chrissake , get rid of that name . I will call you johnny lip . ( he giggle at he own humor again ) come on ... he lead the boy down the street , whisper to he , on the side : clemenza bread in italian be pane . p-a- n-e , pane . do not forget . int . new genco warehouse - day a newly acquire warehouse , stock with case of the new product " genco pura " olive oil . it be the beginning of a new business , in the american tradition . now they have one rattling old truck , and a few stock boy . genco have become the accountant - business manager , base on the experience work with he father . but it be clear , that vito be the leader , and undisputed ' President ' of the new enterprise . genco move through the darkness of the warehouse , to the small divide area that vito use as he office . genco ( sicilian ) the ' patrone ' be here . vito chi ? genco Roberto . who own the ' rat-hole . ' vito nod that he will see he ; and soon Roberto enter , on tiptoe , he hat in he hand , and in a apologetic voice . roberto Excuse I , I hope I be not a disturbance , Don corleone . vito yes . roberto what a terrible misunderstanding . of course , signora Colombo can stay in the flat . who be that miserable tenant to complain about noise from a poor animal ... when they pay such low rent . then abruptly , he put the roll of money on vito 's table , and step back a respectful distance . roberto you good heart in help the poor widow have shame I , and I want to show that I , too , have some Christian charity . her rent will remain what it be . vito what be that ? roberto in fact , reduce , bu five dollar ! vito embrace he warmly . vito I accept you generosity ... roberto I will not keep you another minute ... he quickly take he leave , bow several time , and then make it back to the safety of the warehouse ; he sigh , deflate he lung , and mop he brow ; he bone have turn too jelly with fear at he narrow escape . he all but run out of the warehouse . genco laugh as he watch . genco we will not see he for week ! he will stay in bed in the bronx ! clemenza have be wait with he new mechanic . we notice the subtle difference in the way he treat vito . he be no longer a junior apprentice in they petty crime ; but a impose leader . clemenza this kid be good with car ; he kiije at the truck , and say he can keep it go . vito look over the lanky young man . clemenza what 's you name ? hyman suchowsky . hyman suchowsky . clemenza he 's gonna dump that ; I call he johnny lip . vito who be the great man you can think of ? clemenza go on , answer he when he talk to you . tell he : Columbus , marconi ... Garibaldi . hyman Arnold rothstein . vito then take that as you name : hyman rothstein . genco be out in the alley ; he call out with glee . genco vitone ! look at this ! vito move out to the smile genco ; clemenza and the newly christen hyman rothstein follow a distance behind . ext . the alley - day genco stand beam , as two worker raise up high , the freshly paint sign : " genco olive oil company . " genco ( enthusiastically ) God bless America ! we be in business ! the young man watch as the sign be hoist into place . our view go from one to the other : clemenza , genco , vito and hyman rothstein . dissolve to : int . senate caucus room - mo . close view - day willy cicci , pentangeli 's associate and bodyguard take a drink of water . senator ( o.s. ) Mr. cicci . from the year 1927 to the present time , you be a employee of the " genco olive oil company . " cicci that 's right . senator ( o.s. ) but in actuality , you be a member of the corleone crime organization . cicci the corleone family , Senator . we call it , " the family . " senator ( o.s. ) what position do you occupy ? cicci at first , like everybody , I be a soldier . view on senator kane a thin , angular Baptist with a mid-western accent . senator kane what be that exactly ? cicci a button . you know , Senator . senator kane no , I do not know , explain that exactly . cicci when the boss say push the button on a guy , I push the button , see , Senator ? the Senators treat cicci with a surface courtesy , as if he be a curious kind of animal , not really human . cicci react to this by be even more brutally forthright than he have to be , to show he contempt for what he consider a hypocrisy . the view alter from Senator kane to the Committee 's attorney , Mr. questadt . questadt you mean you kill people at the behest of you superior ? cicci that 's right , counsellor . questadt and the head of you family be Michael corleone . cicci yeah , counsellor , Michael corleone . senator kane do you ever get such a order directly from Michael corleone ? cicci no , Senator , I never talk to he . senator savoy ( very autocratic , deep South , gentlemanly man ) there be always a buffer , someone in between you who give you order . cicci yeah , a buffer , the family have a lot of buffer . ext . the tropicana in vega - mo . view - day a limousine pull up at a private area near the side of the hotel . Michael exit the limousine follow by hagen and neri . michael do you think they have somebody to back up cicci ? hagen no . but if they do have somebody , you will do three year for perjury if you give they so much as a wrong middle name . Michael smile to he , but it 's a cold , deadly smile . hagen Michael , take the fifth all the way , that way you can not get into trouble . ext . private balcony of corleone apartment at tropicana - day a corleone bodyguard wait outside on the balcony overlook the pool area . through the translucent drapery , we see a grouping of I . int . corleone apartment at the tropicana - day Michael , hagen , neri and rocco be seat in this luxury in the hotel . Michael sit in a comfortable chair in he apartment . neri come and bring he a drink without ask , but Michael refuse it . michael Al , get I a wet towel . do Kay know I be back ? hagen nod . michael do the boy get something from I for Christmas ? hagen I take care of it . michael what be it , so I will know . hagen a little care he can ride in with a electric motor . neri come around with a wet face towel , which Michael use to cool he eye . he put the use towel down on the table . michael fellas , can you wait outside a minute ? they know what he mean and leave the apartment , go out to the balcony where we can see they but they can not hear . only hagen remain . michael where 's my brother ? hagen roth get out on a private boat . he 's in a hospital in Miami . have a stroke but he 's recover okay . bussetta 's dead . michael I ask about fredo ? hagen the new government arrest he , hold he for a couple of day with a lot of the other casino people , include roth 's brother , Sam . the american embassy arrange flight for citizen ; I be not sure , but I think he 's somewhere in New York . michael I want you to reach fredo . I know he 's scared , but have one of we people reach he . assure he that there will be no reprisal . tell he that I know roth misl he . hagen my information be that fredo think it be a kidnap . roth assure he nothing would happen to you . michael ( indicate rocco and neri on the balcony ) they can come in now . hagen wait ... there 's something else . michael alright . hagen pause ; do not know how to begin . michael ( impatiently ) go on , tell I . hagen Kay have a miscarriage ; she lose the baby . after a moment : michael be it a boy or a girl ? hagen Mike , at three and a half ... michael what be it , can not you give I straight answer anymore ! hagen it be a boy . michael and Kay ... she 's all right ? hagen she take the Senate investigation worse . michael do she blame it on I ? the baby ? hagen I do not know . ext . tahoe estate - day the first snow of the New Year have fall ; the tree be bare , and there be hush all over this part of the sierras . Michael be drive in he car , look out at the familiar sight of the home he have be force to be away from . view on michael look out from he window . the last time he have see the estate it be warm , and the tree be full . moving view approach the great stone gate ; close . the bodyguard be not readily visible , but they be there . the iron gate be open , and one of the man make a simple nod of respect , as the car pull in . new view Inside the estate , the private road have be freshly plow , and occasionally a worker will pause to watch the car as it pass . the grandchild be in school now , and so the estate be especially quiet . although there be sign that child live here ; a bicycle , a sled , a swing and gymnastic set , wet and with a rim of snow still on it . int . michael be house - view from inside the house - day to the outside , where Michael walk slowly . he stop and look at a little italian red sportscar make for child . new view the front door open , and Michael enter he own home . it be very quiet , no one be at home to greet he . he can see the evidence of he family ; thing he wife and he child have be use , and leave on a sofa or a table . he move toward he and Kay 's bedroom , where we can hear the SOUND of a sewing machine run . quietly he open the door . michael' view into the bedroom . Kay be sit by the window , light by the cold afternoon light , at work with she sewing machine . she have not notice that he 's in the room yet , and go on with she work . view on michael stand there a moment , watch , not make a sound . and then without a word , he step back , and close the door , so that she do not see he . view from inside the house onto Michael , move outside , walk through the snow , he move to the house next to he own . int . connie' house - day this be the house where mama life with connie 's child , connie so rarely be there . he step in ; he mother be asleep in a chair in the live room . he move to she , and bend low , whisper . michael Mom ... Mom ... she open she eye , which be red and small with age . michael ( sicilian ) it 's Michael . how be you , Mom ? mama ( sicilian ) I be alright . will you stay home for awhile ? michael ( sicilian ) there be still thing I have to do . mama ( sicilian ) well , we can all have a nice dinner together tonight . how be you eye ? michael alright . they bother I once in awhile . ( a pause as he think ) tell I , when pop have trouble ... do he ever think , even to himself , that he have go the wrong way ; that maybe by try to be strong and try to protect he family , that he could ... that he could ... lose it instead ? mama ( sicilian ) you talk about the baby . she can have another baby . michael ( sicilian ) no , I mean lose he family . mama ( as best she ever understand it ) you family ? how can you ever lose you family ? michael ( almost to himself ) but time be different ... full view in room - michael and he mother quietly we hear the music of a small band play a italian march . from the orchestration , we know it be from the past . dissolve to : ext . train station at corleone - day vitone and he young family : mama , santino , fredo and the baby Michael be meet at the small station in Sicily by friend , and mama 's relative . there be a small band , play for the occasion . a small man have bring a motor car to pick the family up ; and there be certain dark man , with shotgun sling over they shoulder to preside over the occasion . the family be help into the car ; the luggage be pack on the roof , and the car drive off . the second car , with bodyguard follow . ext . don tomasino's villa outside of corleone - day the villa be bloom with flower and don tomasino at this point be a man in he late twenty . he embrace vitone and pat the head of he child , and lead they all into the garden . int . the villa - sumptuous mo . view - late day a sumptuous table be set for the visit family from America . there be a warm atmosphere as vito , he wife and child eat . tomasino and he family receive present from carmella and to tomasino 's mother , and gift be give to all of the child . all typically american represent some of the prosperity and interest in the consumer goods that follow a great war . ext . corleone plaza - day the family exit the church on the plaza of the town . vito shake hand warmly with the priest . int . village cottage - night the door be open -- the footstep of a man enter the room . we follow this footstep without quite know to whom they belong . they lead we to a bed , where we see asleep a old man . he sleep in he undershirt and be sweat , cover by mosquito netting . view alter and we realize that it be young vito look at the man . we remember that the man be mosca , one of three man , who almost twenty year before have hunt down vito when he be a boy . with lightning speed , vito slashes through the mosquito netting with a knife . and with the movement precise as a butcher 's he disembowls this man . ext . olive oil warehouse - full view vito have bring he wife and child to see the olive oil Depot which be the link to he New York import business . they go inside . int . olive oil warehouse - day they be lead by one of vito 's associate through row and row of large vat of olive oil . vito very proudly show he associate in Italy the olive oil can that will be use in the United States . they all stand around at the link to they new import business and share a toast of wine . ext . the BAY - day a team of sicilian fisherman be at work mend they net . one sing accompany by a guitar . view move to one of the old fisherman he be recognize as the second of the man who have hunt vito down . strollo . as he walk we notice there be a figure that be move through the drying sail and barrel , it be vito . he move quietly , step up behind the old man . in a instant , he have throw a garrote around he throat , twist it tight , so that there be very little sound . then , almost silently drag he through the space hide by the drying sail . ext . the impressive estate of don francesco - day we see a old car approach . its driver be the young tomasino . sitting in the car with he be vito . the car stop at the gate , and a old guard see and recognize tomasino , open the gate allow they to enter . mo . view on a almost decrepit don francesco . he must be in he early ninety , sit as powerful and as impressive as ever , in he throne - like chair from which he manage the power as the mafia chieftan of this village . Young Don tomasino be speak . we notice in a little distance in the rear , there be some young shepherd with shotgun throw over they shoulder . tomasino ( sicilian ) Don francesco , if you will honor I , by allow I to introduce my associate in America , in New York . his name be vito corleone . the old man and he eye glance up at a notion of a man who have take the name of this town as he name . tomasino we will supply he with olive oil exclusively in the town of corleone . his company be call the " genco olive oil company . " here we have bring you a indication of how he will sell the product . tomasino respectfully put a can of olive oil where the old man can look at it . the old man nod , accept the notion of this business . tomasino ( sicilian ) we have come to ask you bless and permission to continue this enterprise . don francesco ( sicilian ) ( in a shrill , high , raspy voice ) where be this young man ? tomasino he be right here , stand next to I , Don francesco . don francesco ( sicilian ) have he come closer , I can not see very well . vito take that several step , so that he be stand right in front of the old man . view on don francesco look up , squinting against the sun . don francesco's view strangely backlit , almost blurry image of the young man from America . don francesco ( sicilian ) what be you name ? vito ( sicilian ) vito corleone . don francesco ( sicilian ) you take the name of this town , eh ? what be you father 's name ? vito ( sicilian ) Antonio andolini . close view on the old man the recognition of the name throw a shudder through he . it be as though he recognize that this be the boy ; the son of he old enemy , whom he have kill , and whose son he have try to wipe out . the old man raise he feeble hand signal he guard , and in he weak voice , he shout : don francesco ( sicilian ) kill he ! kill he ! but he be too late ; vito step forward . vito ( sicilian ) in the name of my Father , and my brother ... and use the knife , ritualistically plunging it into the old man 's belly , and then up to he throat , which be severe . view on tomasino have draw he pistol and quickly shoot one of the guard , help vito to escape back into the motor car . view on a guard raise he shotgun . view on the motor car just as tomasino be about to get into the car , the shotgun be fire , and he be hit in the leg . vito manage to pull he up into the car , and they make they escape . ext . railroad station in corleone - day some of the townspeople have come bring flower and gift for vito and he family . his wife be radiant with the flower give she . the train have arrive and the crowd shout " ciao , come back soon . " the view alter revealing he good friend tomasino , wave from he wheelchair . view on vito and he wife . she hold up the baby Michael , and help he wave he hand . int . senate caucus room - mo . close view on michael - day senator kane ( o.s. ) be you the son of vito corleone ? michael yes . senator king do he use at time a alias ? be this alias in certain circle godfather ? michael it be not a alias . godfather be a term of affection , use by he friend , one of respect . senator weekler ( Senator from New York , very smooth , partly liberal , tammany Hall ) let I agree with that . many of my constituent be italian and have be honore with that certain friendship by my close italian friend . up to this point before I have to leave this hearing to join my own committee , let I say , that this hearing on the mafia be in no way a slur on the italian by the Senate ; nor be it mean to be ; nor will I allow it to be . italian Americans be the hardest work , most law abide patriotic Americans of we country . it be a shame and a pity that a few rotten apple give they a bad name . we be here to weed that rotten apple out of the vast healthy barrel of italian Americans , who be one of the backbone of we country . there be a pause for a while , while the New York Senator pose for the tv camera and leave the hearing so that he will not be associate with hearing the rough stuff . senator kane I be sure we all agree with we esteem colleague . now , Mr. corleone , you have be advise as to you legal rights . we have have testimony from a precede witness who state you be head of the most powerful mafia family in this country . be you ? michael no . senator kane this witness have testify that you be personally responsible for the murder of a New York Police Captain in the year 1947 and with he a man name Virgil sollozzo . do you deny this ? michael I deny he every charge . senator kane be it true that in the year 1950 you devise the murder of the head of the five families in New York , to assume and consolidate you nefarious power ? michael that be a complete falsehood . senator kane be it true that you own a control interest in three of the major hotel in Las Vegas ? michael that be not true . I own some stock in some of the hotel , but only very small amount . I also own some american telephone and IBM stock . Michael have check this point with hagen , before answer , and then once again after the answer . senator rogers why be it necessary for you counsel to advise you on that question ? michael Senator , I have observe the head of General Motors before a Senate Committee , and he lawyer whisper in he ear . that be not comment upon in the way you have just do . senator kane Mr. corleone , do you have any hotel interest in the state of Arizona ? or any gambling interest in that state ? michael I do not . senator kane do you have interest or control over gambling and narcotic in the state of New York . michael I do not . a pause . silence , as the Chairman whisper something to he assistant . Tom hagen take a paper out of he briefcase , and address the chair . hagen Senator , my client would like to read a statement for the record . senator kane I do not think that 's necessary . hagen Sir , my client have answer every question ask by this committee with the utmost cooperation and sincerity . he have not take that fifth amendment as it be he right to do , and which because of the extreme legal complexity of this hearing , counsel advise he to do . so , I think in all fairness this committee should hear he statement and put it in the record . senator kane very well . at this point Senator Rogers contemptuously walk out of the hearing room . michael ( read ) in the hope of clear my family name , in the sincere desire to give my child they fair share of the american way of life without a blemish on they name and background I have appear before this committee and give it all the cooperation in my power . I consider my be call before this committee a act of prejudice to all Americans of italian extraction . I consider it a great dishonor to I personally to have to deny that I be a criminal . I wish to have the follow note for the record . that I serve my country faithfully and honorably in World War ii and be award the distinguish service Cross for action in defense of my country . that I have never be arrest or indicted for any crime whatsoever ... that no proof link I to any criminal conspiracy , whether it be call mafia or cosa nostra or whatever other name you wish to give , have ever be make public . only one man have make charge against I , and that man be know to be a murderer , arsonist and rapist . and yet this committee have use this person to besmirch my name . my personal protest can only be make to the people of this country . I can only thank God that in this country we have a legal system and court of law to protect innocent people from wild accusation . I thank God for we democratic due process of Law that shield I from the false charge make by this committee 's witness . I have not take refuge behind the fifth amendment , though counsel advise I to do so . I challenge this committee to produce any witness or evidence against I , and if they do not , I hope they will have the decency to clear my name with the same publicity with which they have now besmirch it . I ask this without malice , in the interest of fair play . the television camera have document this moment , as hagen hand the document over to the committee lawyer . senator rogers we be all impressed . the committee will now recess over the weekend . however , it will continue Monday morning , at eleven a.m . at that time , this committee will then produce a witness directly link Mr. corleone to the charge we have make . and then , Mr. corleone may very well by liable for indictment of perjury . however , this document will be make a matter of record . ext . army post - day a army post somewhere in the East . it be safely guard . int . house on the post - day where pentangeli be be hold by he constant companion , the two FBI men . pentangeli ten to one shot , you say . ten to one shot in my favor , and I lose . FBI man # 1 get a good night 's sleep . we get a new suit , new shirt , new tie , and I be go to shave you myself . tomorrow we want you to look respectable for fifty million of you fellow Americans . pentangeli my life will not be worth a nickel after tomorrow . FBI man # 1 we have a special home for you for the rest of you life . nobody get near you . you be not go any place . pentangeli yeah , some deal I make . FBI man # 2 you live like a king . you will be a hero . you will live better in here than most people on the outside . pentangeli some deal . ( pause ) I just wish Mike have take the fifth . FBI man # 1 why would you do it , frankie ? after all this year , why would you turn against he ? pentangeli I do not turn against nobody ; he turn against I . ext . the boathouse alcove - day a somewhat frighten fredo corleone sit in the easy chair overlook the lake in this canopy section of the boathouse . rocco sit with he . int . boathouse - day Michael be in the dark room with hagen and neri . michael how do they get they hand on pentangeli ? hagen roth engineered it , Michael . he make pentangeli think you hit he . deliberately let he get off alive . then the New York detective turn frankie over to the FBI . my informant say he be half dead and scared stiff -- talk out loud that you have turn on he and try to kill he . anyway , they have he on possession , deal in heroin , murder one and a lot more . there 's no way we can get to he and you have open yourself to five point of perjury . neri they have get he airtight . he 's in a military base , twenty - four hour guard . try to kill he be like try to like the President -- it 's impossible . michael what do fredo know ? hagen he say he do not know anything , and I believe he . roth play this one beautifully . michael alright . I be go to go outside and talk to fredo . ext . boathouse foyer - day fredo sit on the couch . when rocco see Michael , he automatically take he leave . Michael sit in the chair opposite fredo . fredo ( after a pause ) I do not have a lot to say , Michael . michael we have time . fredo I be keep pretty much in the dark . I do not know all that much . michael what about now , be there anything you can help I out with ? fredo I know they get pentangeli , that 's all I know . fredo get up , walk to the glass panel that separate the terrace from the lake . fredo I do not know it be a hit . I swear to you I do not know . johnny ola contact I in beverly Hills -- say he want to talk . he say you and roth be in on some big deal , and there be a place for I in it if I could help they out . they say you be be tough on the negotiation , and if they have a little bit of help , they could close it fast and it would be good for you . michael and you believe that story . fredo he say there be something good in it for I ... I on my own . michael I have always take care of you . fredo taken care of I . Mike , you be my kid brother , and you take care of my . do you ever think of that . ever once ? send fredo off to do this , send fredo to take care of that ... take care of some little unimportant night club here , and there ; pick somebody up at the airport . Mike , I be you older brother ; I be step over ! michael it 's the way pop want it . fredo it be not the way I want it ! I can handle thing . I be not dumb Christ , not like everyone say . I be smart ; and I want respect . michael there 's nothing more you can tell I about this investigation ? fredo the lawyer ; questadt , he belong to roth . michael you be nothing to I now , fredo ; not a brother , not a friend , I do not want to know you , or what happen to you . I do not want to see you at the hotel , or near my home . when you visit we mother , I want to know a day in advance , so I will not be there . do you understand ? Michael turn , and start to leave . a frighten voice behind he : fredo mikey ? Michael do not stop , do not turn back . he continue off through the veranda , and out the summer door . neri stop by he . michael I do not want anything to happen to he while my mother 's alive . Michael leave . ext . army post - day five car brim with Army guard and Agents be wait to move pentangeli . there be one empty car . int . guard house - day the two FBI Agents be help pentangeli get dress . he 's in brightly color stripe short and bare - chest . the Agents help he with the shirt and tie . one hold out the trousers but pentangeli ignore it and look at himself in the mirror . FBI man # 1 ready , frankie . pentangeli let 's go . the Agents open the door , and precede he , surveying the area . they check the car wait , each with two Agents . they check the gate and note the military sentries . then they stand aside , and let pentangeli come out . they get close to he side , and it be obvious they will protect he life with they own . ext . army post - day the Agents put he in the front seat of the empty car , and get in with he , one at each side . another agent drive . now , the first car start out ; the sentries open the gate , and let the caravan pass . a Army supply truck come very close to they , and the Agents next to pentangeli become very tense . pentangeli grin . then the truck pass on , and they relax . int . senate caucus room - day the room be crowded with tv journalist , camera , etc . we pick pentangeli up , closely guard , be lead to witness chair . pentangeli be seat , and make to take he oath . FBI Agents be all around he . mo . view anyone give entrance to the caucus room be be frisk . the five Senators take they place . view on hagen wait at he long table , very nervous . he seem startle by the appearance of pentangeli . view on pentangeli catch hagen 's eye . it 's as though he be plead for some kind of understanding of the fact that he have become a traitor . view on hagen cold ; then he turn away . view on the entrance the bustle be settling down ; then Michael corleone enter , and with he be someone very peculiar and out of keep for this set . a burly - chest impose man of middle age . very powerful - look with frightening magnetic eye . his dress be odd : boot , rough tie , and shirt . he could be the tenor out of a sicilian opera . he be clearly a country Don , direct from Sicily , and he dominate the room . view on pentangeli at first he view be block . then he see Michael and be a bit shameface , but still defiant . pentangeli's Pov Michael return he glance without emotion . then the view alter , revealing the sicilian . view on pentangeli he be terror stricken ; obviously he recognize the man . view on hagen' table Michael and the sicilian sit by hagen , where they can stare directly at pentangeli ; he be freeze with fear . view on the senator notice the tension in the room . the Chairman commence : senator kane we have here a witness who will testify further on Michael corleone 's rule of the criminal empire that control gambling in this country and perhaps in other country . this witness have no buffer between himself and Michael corleone . he can corroborate we charge on enough count for this committee to consider a charge of perjury against Michael corleone . ( then he turn to pentangeli ) you name please , for the record . pentangeli Frank pentangeli. senator kane be you a member of the corleone family ? be you under the caporegime Peter clemenza , under vito corleone , know as the godfather ? there be a long silence . view on pentangeli he seem unable to speak . view on the sicilian gaze at he . view on pentangeli pentangeli I never know no godfather . I get my own family . Senator kane be stunne . the two FBI man be alert , they eye search the room for what have intimidate they witness at the last moment . senator kane Mr. pentangeli , you be contradict you confession to we investigator ; I ask you again , be you a member of a crime organization head by Michael corleone ? pentangeli no . I never hear of it . I never hear of nothing like that . I be in the olive oil business with he father a long time ago . that 's all . senator kane we have you confession that you murder on the order of Michael corleone . do you deny that confession and do you know what deny that confession will mean to you ? the die be cast and like a good soldier , pentangeli will go all the way now . so he be brazen in he defiance of the Senator . pentangeli the FBI guy promise I a deal . so I make up a lot of stuff about Michael corleone . because then , that 's what they want . but it be all lie . everything . they say Michael corleone do this , Michael corleone do that . so I say , " yeah , sure . " he make a big grin to show how he have make fool of everybody . view on the FBI agent glance around the room ; they eye have settle on the sicilian . one of they scribbles a note on a piece of paper , and pass it to the Committee lawyer . then in turn it go to Senator kane . senator kane Mr. hagen , would you kindly identify to this committee that gentleman sit on you right hand ? hagen ( coolly ) yes , sir . his name be vincenzo pentangeli . senator kane be he related to the witness ? hagen he be , I believe , a brother . view on michael and vincenzo pentangeli they wait with no expression . senator kane ( to vincenzo pentangeli ) Sir , I would like you to take the stand . vincenzo stare at he , uncomprehend . there may just be a shadow of contempt . he do not answer . hagen Sir , the gentleman do not understand English . he would not in any case , take the stand . he come , at he own expense , to aid he brother in he trouble . he be not under any jurisdiction of we government and he reputation in he own country be impeccable . senator kane ( furious ) the witness be excuse ; take he out . the guard and FBI Agents quickly remove pentangeli , as everybody else in the room be require to sit still . hagen Senator kane . senator kane this meeting be adjourned . hagen ( rise and shouting ) this committee owe a apology ! senator kane the committee be adjourned until further notice . for the first time , in the midst of the confusion , hagen smile . a bitter , contemptuous smile . view on michael the modest champion . he rise and they take they leave . view on the two FBI agent they watch the corleone party as they exit . int . WASHINGTON HOTEL corridor - day the corleone nurse be wait , play with the little girl mary . a distance away , the boy , Anthony , be stand by himself . int . michael be suite - WASHINGTON HOTEL - day the door to Michael 's suite open ; rocco lean in . rocco it 's Kay . Michael be sit in a easy chair ; he seem to have difficulty with he eye . michael on the phone ? rocco no , she 's here . Michael rise , surprised . rocco step back , and Kay enter . michael I have no idea ... kay I want to see you before you go back to nevada . also , the child - Michael , they be here . michael where ? kay in a minute . they be outside with esther . I be very happy for you ... I suppose I know that you be simply too smart for anyone ever to beat you . michael why do not you sit down ? kay I be not go to stay long ; I can not . michael there be a lot of thing I want to talk to you about . thing I have be think about -- change I want to make . kay I think it 's too late for change , Michael . I promise myself I would not talk about it and I have go and spoiled it . michael why too late ? kay tell I , Michael . what really happen with pentangeli ? michael his brother come to help he . kay I do not even know he have a brother . and where be he now ? michael on a plane back to Sicily . kay and that 's all he have to do . just show he face . michael that 's all . you see , in Sicily , in the old day ... there be only one legitimate reason to kill a blood relative ... only one . if he be a traitor . kay you would have kill he brother ? michael Kay , you have get it wrong . that kind of thing 's all over , I promise you . this be between the two brother . year ago frankie have a young girlfriend ; he call she he co-wife . that be he joke , but he mean it . he would not divorce he wife ... because she be a great cook . he say he girlfriend make a spaghetti sauce once and it be so terrible he know he could never marry she . he set she up in a house in Jersey . she have to be faithful ... and she have to have kid . and she do , two , a boy and a girl . he have she check out and watch so she could not cheat ... but the girl could not stand that kind of life . she begge he to let she go . he do . he give she money and make she give up the kid . then frankie take they to Italy , and have they bring up by he brother vincenzo . where he know they would by safe . Kay begin to realize . michael when he see he brother in the hearing room , he know what be at stake . ( pause ) I do not think vincenzo would have do it . he love the kid , too . omerta , Kay . honor , silence . it have nothing to do with I . it be between that brother . kay I will bring the child up now ; they want to say goodbye . michael Kay , I tell you ... kay Goodbye , Michael . michael I will not let you leave ! Christ , do you think I be go to let you leave . kay ( meekly ) Michael . michael no , I do not want to hear anything . there be thing between man and woman that will not change ; thing that have be the same for thousand of year . you be my wife , and they be my child ... and I love you and I will not let you leave , because you be mine ! kay oh , I do feel thing for you , Michael ; but now , I think it 's pity . for the first time since I have know you , you seem so helpless . you hold I a prisoner once ; will you try again ? michael if that 's what it take ; then yes , I will . kay at this moment , I feel no love for you at all . I never think that could happen , but it have . michael we will go back tonight . bring the child . kay you have not hear I . he move to she ; he do love she , and be tender with she . michael how can I let you leave ; how can I let you take my child away ? do not you know I ? you understand , it 's a impossibility . I would never let it happen ; no , never , not if it take all my strength , all my cun . but in time , soon , you will feel differently . you see , you will be happy that I stop you . I know you . you will forget about this ; you will forget about the baby we lose ... and we will go on , you and I . kay the baby I lose ... michael I know what it mean ... and I be prepare to make it up to you . I will make change ; I can . ( he clenches he fist tightly ) I can change ; that I have learn , that I have the strength to change ... and we have another child , a boy ... and you will forget the miscarriage . kay it be not a miscarriage . and you with you cun , could not you figure it out ! it be a abortion ; a abortion , like we marriage be a abortion , something unholy and evil . I do not want you son ; I would not bring another of you son into this world . a abortion , Michael ... it be a son , and I have it kill , but this must all end ! view on michael he have no hint , not in he wildest imagination could he have guess that she would do such a thing . kay and I know that now it 's over ; I know it then , there would be no way you could ever forgive I , not with this sicilian thing that go back two thousand year . he be silent , though raging -- then , with all he passion , and he strength , he raise he arm , and strike she across she neck , literally knock she down to the floor , and hurt she badly . michael ( coldly ) you will not take my child . fade out . fade in : ext . the corleone estate at tahoe - full view - day a collection of dark car and black limousine be gather to one side . a few driver wait quietly . and then , to the other extreme of the estate , be a small grouping of about twenty to thirty people , gather near Michael 's house . mo . close shot connie corleone , dress simply and now show she age without the carefully apply makeup which we have be use to , kneel down before the shrine of Santa theresa , and put down a bouquet of flower , along with other that have be place there . we see that some have the simple silk ribbon with the word " mama " hand - lettere upon it . her two child stand close behind she ; they have be raise by they grandmother . connie step back , and move through the small group of friend and relative , into Michael 's house . int . michael be house - connie' view - day fredo , kneel by the coffin of he mother in a portion of the house that have be set aside for the wake . fredo conclude he prayer , wipe away the tear in he eye and step away from the coffin . he stop when he notice neri , a little distance away , look at he . view on neri after a moment , he nod respectfully to fredo , and step forward , move to the old woman 's coffin . fredo move to hagen , who be there with he wife and child . fredo tom. where 's Mike ? hagen ( difficult to tell he ) he 's wait for you to leave . fredo can I talk to he ? hagen no chance . I be sorry , freddie . connie ( who have hear this ) can I see he ? hagen he 's in the boathouse . int . the boathouse - mo . view - day Michael sit quietly in the darken room in one of the big sofa , dress immaculately in suit and tie . his two child , also dress for the wake sit opposite he in the other oversize sofa , they shoe not touch the floor . we regard this tableau for a long moment . connie ( o.s. ) ( quietly ) Michael ? it 's connie . she come in , and sit down by he knee . connie I want to stay close to home now , be that alright ? Michael nod . connie be Kay come ? michael no . connie Michael , fredo 's in the house with mama . he ask for you , and Tom say he could not see you . michael Tom be right . connie kid , why do not you go outside for a while ? the child do not move ; connie realize they will only listen to Michael . connie I want to talk to you , Michael . michael the child can stay . connie I hate you for so long , Michael ; for so many year . I think I do thing to myself , to hurt myself , so that you would know -- and you would be hurt too . but I understand you now ; I think I do . you be be strong for all of we , like papa be . and I forgive you , and want to be close to you now . can not you forgive fredo ; he 's so sweet , and helpless without you . slowly , Michael put he hand on she hair , and touch she gently . connie you need I , Michael . I want to be with you now . int . michael be house - day Friends , relative ; francesca and she new husband , gardner and they baby ; Sandra corleone ; Teresa , she child ; all the familiar face of the family be present , quietly pay they respects to mama . some of the man can be see in the kitchen , drink wine , and talk in low voice . fredo be there , break -heart over the loss of he mother ; like some lose child with no friend . mo . view Michael enter the room , follow by connie , who tend little Mary and Anthony . he approach he brother , and then embrace . fredo break into tear . fredo Christ , Mike . Jesus Christ , Mike . view on michael embrace he brother , he glance up . view on neri quiet , and deadly . ext . the tahoe estate - mo . view - day Tom hagen be talk in the distance to he wife , and one of he older son ; he kiss , and move toward the boathouse . after crossing the lawn , he stop . view on sandra corleone wait there ; obviously want to talk to he . he continue , and she walk with he . moving view on the two as they cross toward the boathouse . sandra you be go to talk to he now . hagen yes . sandra will you tell he ? hagen I do not know . she stop he . sandra Tom , think of yourself for once . do not let this opportunity slip through you finger ; do not do it . we be all trap here , do not you see ? he continue past she , without answer she . continue up to the boathouse . he stop before he enter . hagen' view fredo be sit by the edge of the harbor with Michael 's son Anthony ; he be help he with some fishing rig . int . the boathouse - view on michael - day look through the window at he son and brother . neri sit in the room , dress informally . michael ( without look back ) sit down , Tom . have you hear about we friend and partner , Mr. hyman roth ? hagen I know he 's in Israel . neri ( hand hagen the paper ) the High Court of Israel turn down he request to live as a ' return Jew . ' his passport 's be invalidate except for return to the U.S. he land in Buenos Aires yesterday , offer a gift of one million dollar if they would give he citizenship . they turn he down . hagen ( read ) he 's go to try Panama ... michael they will not take he ; not for a million , not for ten million . hagen his medical condition be report as ... " terminal . " michael he 's be die of the same heart attack for twenty year . hagen that plane go to Miami ... michael I want it meet . hagen ( understanding ) Mike , it 's impossible . he will be meet by the Internal Revenue ; the custom service , and half the FBI . michael I do not like it when you use the word impossible ; nothing be impossible ... hagen Mike , it would be like try to kill the President ; there 's no way we can get to he . michael I be surprised at you , Tom . if there 's anything certain ; certain in life ; if history have teach we anything , it 's that you can kill ... ( he stop , then coldly ) anybody . but perhaps you relucatance be because you have come to tell I that you be move you family to Vegas , that you have be offer the vice- presidency of the houstan hotel there . or be not you go to tell I at all ? hagen be you so hungry for traitor ; do you want to find they everywhere ? michael they be everywhere ! hagen I turn houstan down ; I do not see why I should tell you about a offer I turn down . ( Michael begin to confuse he ) be you sure , mikey ? be you sure of what we be do ; what we will gain ; what do the family gain ? forget that , Mike ; I already know the answer . michael I know you do , Tom . then I can count on you to help I do the thing I have to do . if not , call houstan , and become a vice - President . take you family and you mistress and move they to Las Vegas . hagen why do you hurt I , Michael ? I have always be loyal to you . michael good . then you be stay . hagen I be stay . ( he pause ... then , without be ask ) do not ever enjoy the cruel part of all this ; sonny never listen to I about that . ( then he sit down , and open he briefcase ) now , explain everything to I . ext . the harbor - day fredo sit with Anthony , with a silly - look fishing hat on he head , cover with lure and fly . fredo Anthony , ole buddy , you uncle fredo 's gonna teach you how to catch the big fish . you know , when I be a kid , I do this amazing thing . I go out on a fishing trip ; I and my brother and my pop , and no one could catch a fish except I . and this be my secret : ( confidentially ) every time I would put the line down I would say a " hail Mary " and every time I say a " hail Mary " I would catch a fish . now , when it 's sunset , we be gonna go out on the lake , and we be gonna try it . int . guard house - day the guard step aside as Tom hagen enter the foyer of the house . he show a court order to they and they lead he up the stair where he knock on the door . int . guard house - day there be a knock at the door . the two guard show hagen in and hagen present the court order to one of the FBI man . hagen I think I prefer to see my client privately . pentangeli the room have a bug in it . hagen ( to the FBI man ) I would like to go outside with he , in the open air . FBI man # 1 this room be not bugge . hagen you have guard outside and the electric fence . there 's no security reason for not let we talk in the yard . FBI man # 1 okay . they pass out of the room . ext . the army post - day hagen and pentangeli outside , by the electric fence . they can not be overhear . pentangeli take out some cigar and offer hagen one . hagen take it and pentangeli light both they cigar . they puff on they contentedly . they be comfortable together , almost . hagen everything be go to be okay , frankie , do not worry . pentangeli do my brother go back ? hagen yeah , but do not worry . pentangeli he 's ten time tougher than I , my brother . he 's old - fashioned . hagen yeah . he would not even go out to dinner . just want to go home . pentangeli that 's my brother . nothing could get he away from that two mule town . he coulda be big over here -- he could of have he own family . hagen you be right . pentangeli Tom , what do I do now ? the light be beginning to turn reddish as the sun fall . hagen frankie , you be always interested in politics , in history . I remember you talk about Hitler back in ' 43 . we be young then . pentangeli yeah , I still read a lot . they bring I stuff . hagen you be around the old timer who dream up how the families should be organize , how they base it on the old Roman legion , and call they ' regimes ' ... with the ' capo ' and ' Soldiers , ' and it work . pentangeli yeah , it work . that be great old day . we be like the Roman Empire . the corleone family be like the Roman Empire . hagen ( sadly ) yeah , it be once . they both puff on they cigar . pentangeli let himself be carry away by thought of old day of glory ; hagen think of other day too . hagen ( very gently ) the Roman Empire ... when a plot against the Emperor fail , the plotter be always give a chance to let they family keep they fortune . pentangeli yeah , but only the rich guy . the little guy get knock off . if they get arrest and execute , all they estate go to the Emperor . if they just go home and kill themselves , up front , nothing happen . hagen yeah , that be a good break . a nice deal . pentangeli look at hagen ; he understand . pentangeli they go home and sit in a hot bath and open they vein , and ble to death . sometimes they give a little party before they do it . hagen throw away he cigar . pentangeli puff on he . hagen do not worry about anything , frankie five - angel . pentangeli thanks , Tom . thanks . they shake hand . the FBI Agents come out to let hagen out the gate . pentangeli be lead back to the house . FBI man # 1 you lawyer tell you he can get that 600 year reduce to 500 ? pentangeli puff on he cigar and reflect . pentangeli you boy sure you can not get I a broad for tonight ? give I a little party ? FBI man # 2 we get some nice book . pentangeli puff on he cigar and give the agent a smile a old man give a child . he start upstairs . pentangeli I guess I will just take a hot bath . ext . the army post - day hagen walk away ; glance back . then get into he wait car and drive off . int . the boathouse - full view - sunset Michael sit alone in the empty boathouse ; in the shadow . int . boat dock - sunset neri stand by the dock area under the boathouse . he push the button which lower a boat by winch and tackle . he wear a fishing cap . he step into the boat , and pull the small outboard , which glide the boat out into the harbor . mo . view the boat pull up alongside fredo and Anthony . fredo here we go ; and remember the secret . he lift Anthony into the boat . connie ( o.s. ) Anthony . there view connie , in houseclothes , be call Anthony . fredo he 's here ; we be goin ' fishing . connie he can not go ; Michael want to take he into reno . fredo ah. okay , kid , you get to go to reno with you pop . he lift the boy out of the boat , and put he on the shore . fredo I will catch one for you , with the secret . connie hurry , Anthony . neri stand the motor ; and the boat with the two fisherman glide off . view on michael watch , from the dark window of the boathouse . int . high security house in army post - night the FBI man knock on the bathroom door in the house where they have keep pentangeli . FBI man # 1 frankie , open up . you okay ? no answer ; he hammer on the door . use he elbow , and then a kick he break into the bathroom . he view pentangeli lie in a tub of water . his stomach show above it . his wrist be cut and cover with blood . the bath water have a purplish tone . dissolve to : ext . lake tahoe - mo . view - sunset fredo and neri be fishing , each with line out . the view move closer , and we can hear fredo as he hold the pole . fredo ... the Lord be with thee . bless art thou amongst woman , and bless be the fruit of thy womb , Jesus . long shot the boat on the shimmery lake . fredo ... Holy Mary , mother of God , pray for we ... we hear a quiet , echoing gunshot ; and then silence . dissolve to : int . miami airport - night a exhaust hyman roth , ill -shaven , and in shirt - sleeve in take into custody by a swarm of custom , and FBI man . they allow he to be photograph by press people ; and television cameramen . FBI man Mr. roth , we have to take you into custody . roth yes , I know . some flashbulb go off . reporter can you give we you reaction to the High Court of Israel 's ruling . roth I be a retire investor on a pension , and I wish to live there as a Jew in the twilight of my life ... lawyer Mr. roth be not a well man ; he 's tired of run . roth I be a old man ; at my age , it 's too late to start worry . reporter be it true you be worth over three hundred million dollar , Mr. roth ? roth I be a retire investor , live on a pension ... I come home to vote in the presidential election , because they would not give I a absentee ballot ... the newsmen and photographer all laugh , as the FBI man move he away . close view one of the newspapermen laugh we recognize to be rocco lampone . he move closer to roth , and shove he revolver right against he head , and in a second , on camera , assassinate roth . people scream , as rocco attempt to run down the airport corridor , limping as he do . FBI man easily pick he off . fade out . ext . the driveway by michael be house - day a taxi cab wait by the house ; its driver sleep with a newspaper over he face . int . michael be house - day the clean woman , esther , who have be with Kay for year , sit by the dining room table , weep profusely . behind she , in the recreation room , we can see the tableau of Kay sit on the couch , she little daughter Mary , between she knee , talk quietly about thing we can not hear . her son Anthony sit by himself , in another chair by the side of the room . mo . view connie come into the house quickly , and move toward they . connie Kay , you have to go . this prompt esther to weep all the more . Kay hug she daughter , and kiss she many time . connie you have to hurry ; he 's come . Kay put she coat on ; then stand , and reach out for she son . kay Anthony , kiss mama goodbye . he do not move . connie ( angrily ) Anthony , you kiss you mother goodbye ! he rise , and walk to she . hug she lifelessly . mo . close view on Kay , kissing she boy . kay Anthony , say goodbye ; you mama love you . ANTHONY Goodbye . she restrain any tear ; she have become too strong for tear . Kay start to go ; pick up Mary , kiss she , and start to go . new view she step out the kitchen door ; then she can not help herself . crouches down , outside , and call to she son . kay Anthony , kiss I once . then she look up , and slowly rise . her view Michael have step into the dining room . he seem older somehow ; as though some sickness have take more year away from he . view on kay look at he ; instinctively , she take a step back . view on michael slowly step toward she . view on kay another step back ; the door be still open . view on michael he move closer to the door ; stop , look at she . and then close it obscure any view of she . dissolve to : ext . tahoe estate - day it be late fall -- most of the leave have fall on the grounds and there be quite a wind . mo . view the water be whipped up by the wind , and the wave be high as they break against the pavilion . we hear the music of time pass , of Michael , of the godfather over this image . view on the swimming pool they have not be use in several month ; they be drain and the bottom be mossy and dark . view on the MAIN gate leave blow past it ; we do not see the button man ; only a hint of someone in the gatehouse . view on the house some of the house have have the summer awning take down , and put away . some of the window have be board up . view on the kennel there be still the guard dog ; some sleep , some move impatiently . as the music conclude its statement . mo . view the peninsula of the private corleone Harbor . we see the figure of two people , seat at a table . mo . view Michael sit at a table have a sparse lunch . he be attend by he sister connie , who seem to be the close person now live on the estate with he . we see from the way she pamper he with he lunch , that she have fall into the role of a surrogate mother - wife . he seem older than he year , as though he illness , diabete , have take its toll . connie do not worry ; I be sure he get here on time . the road from the airport be so windy , it take forever ; I have drive they myself . she pick up some of the serve plate that he have leave untouched . connie I will bring he out to you as soon as he come . she move back to the main house . mo . close view on michael he turn and look at the rough water of the lake for a moment . he slowly take a sip of wine . ext . a place in the garden - day there be a few chair . mo . view on ANTHONY corleone he be eighteen year old . ANTHONY hello , dad . view on michael squinting up at he son . michael Anthony . he rise , and reach up to he son , who be now taller than he ; he embrace he . michael you have grow so tall ... so tall in the last year . you be much taller than I . ANTHONY I be taller than you when I be fourteen . michael sit down . you aunt connie and I wait for you to have some lunch , but now it 's all dry out . ANTHONY I be not hungry . michael well , that 's alright ... alright . good . you will graduate in another year , be not that right ? you know ... I never finish college . I be a good student , but I never finish . of course , there be a war then . connie approach they . connie do not let I interrupt anything , this will just take a second . here . ( she take out a small needle , and begin to prepare it ) you father have to have he insulin shot . why do not you go to you room and put you thing away , Anthony . she begin to give Michael the shot . michael hurry back ; we will talk . we will talk . Anthony go on he way to the house with he thing . connie give Michael the shot . connie whenever I see that lake so cold , I think of poor fredo , drown . Lake tahoe be very cold . they say if a person drown in it , that the body will remain mid-suspend -- perfectly preserve . some say it will remain forever . she finish the shot , put she thing away . connie you boy will be right back . she leave . view on michael alone in the garden . our view begin to move closer to he . we begin to hear music of the forty ; happy music , swing music , as we move closer to Michael . dissolve to : int . old corleone house - mo . view - night sonny corleone , he arm wrap around a smile red-face Carlo rizzi , pull he into the corleone dining room . sonny hey , who know my buddy Carlo rizzi . here ... my brother fredo , here 's my Mom . Mom , whatcha get cooking ? and Carlo , this be my kid sister connie . here , pull up a chair , Carol be sit next to connie . oh , the droopy kid over there be Mike . the college boy . a older , lanky man enter the room , he arm laden with present . this be tessio . tessio buon natale , everybody . buon natale ... ( he smile at Tom hagen ) hi , Tom , how 's every little thing ? hagen ( help he with the present ) wonderful , sal . now the study door open , and don corleone enter . don corleone be dinner ready ? mom two minute . the Don happily regards he family ; he son and daughter and even some grandchild . he raise a glass . don corleone a good life , a long life to all my child , and friend . to my grandchild , and that that will be . to we family . they all drink . they refill glass ; then tessio propose a toast . tessio to we godfather . they all drink . int . the dine room - mo . view - night the family be happily at Christmas dinner . Don corleone seat at the head of the table . sonny what would you think of that jap , eh ? the nerve of that jap , come right here in we own backyard drop bomb ! hagen well , we could have expect it after the embargo . sonny hey ! expect it or not , that jap do not have a right to drop bomb in we backyard . whose side you on ? mama please , do we have to talk about the war at the table ? on Christmas , much less . view on michael he have be listen to this discussion . michael pop , I have decide I be go to enlist . a quiet hush descend over the table , as though everyone know the effect this will have on the old man . sonny try to make light of it . sonny kid , stay in college . the girl be cuter , if you know what I mean . hagen pop have to pull a lot of string to get you you deferment . michael I never ask for it ; I do not want it . view on don corleone disturb ; but wise and prudent . don corleone my son want to talk about this , and so we will talk , but not at the dinner table . he rise , and start across the room toward he study . then he look back . don corleone Michael . he disappear into he study . Michael rise , glance around . people be generally tense over the situation . Michael follow he father into the study . int . don corleone's old study - night the Don close the door behind he son , and then move across the room . he stop at the little bar there , and pour himself a brandy . don corleone would you like some ? michael no , dad . don corleone now what be this talk about join the army ? eh ? michael it 's not talk ; I be do it . don corleone you would risk you life for stranger ? michael not for stranger ; for my country . don corleone anyone not in you family , be a stranger . believe I , when trouble come , you country will not take care of you . michael that 's how it be in the old world , pop , but this be not Sicily . don corleone I know . I know , Michael . it 's Christmas , you brother and sister be all here -- we be happy . let 's not spoil this . go you own way , but when you be ready , come to I the way a son should . I have hope for you ... close view on michael look at he father with a mixture of great love , and also fear , and confusion . michael I will not be a man like you . dissolve to : ext . the tahoe estate - high full view - day the leave be blow . music come up . Michael and he young son , Anthony , walk through the grounds of the estate , talk about thing we can not hear .