viking Michael traeger 07.02.99 '' viking '' fade in : int . century plaza HOTEL ballroom - night ( present , l.a . ) we be at the perimeter of the ballroom where waiter and busboy , in fancy short jacket with shoulder braid , deal with dirty dinner dish that have be clear . they be arrange trays and whisk they into the kitchen , etc . we hear : pete ( 0.s. ) «+ . she have a vagina-r ... al ( 0.s8 . ) I be sorry , this be a girl Don set you up with ? what about she vagina ? pete ( 0.s. ) it have a ring in it . as we hear this chat we move into the ballroom and see that a major ooh - ahh Hollywood affair be go on . something for charity : black tie , round overly set table , a many - piece band , gala , flower , rich people wear expensive outfit , many in attendance , etc . dinner be over , people have leave they table to dance and mingle . al ( 0.s. ) ( pause ) for a reason ? not seriously ? pete ( 0.s. ) oh , very , very , very seriously . ed ( 0.s . ) what 's a vagina-r ? al ( 0.s8 . ) Pete -- really ?? pete ( 0.s . ) Al , yes , will you wait , Don fix I up last night with a girl - who - have - a - vagina-r ... al ( 0.s. ) um , who ... i- be ... that something you be look for - a girl with a - uh ... ed ( 0.s. ) what 's a vagina-r ? table - continuous don , from take we on the above travel , arrive , sit , speak : don a ring you put you vagina on , so you will not lose it . at one of the table remain ed , al , Don and pete , clad in tux . Don and Pete be the two central of this four main character ; they be in the entertainment industry - Don act , Pete screenplays . Ed be the innocent of the group - a successful accountant . Al be a bit of a lovable fool , maybe even a small idiot ; he dress a little too slick , which perhaps be a affectation he adopt upon move here ; he hold he cell phone , just hold it - a successful consultant . all four be the same age ( 30 - 35 ) , very dear childhood friend from n.y. and have be here about a year . fate have bring they to l.a . the conversation be very natural and quick pace . everyone be quite sincere except Don . ed -- how do you lose a vagina ? don this poor guy lock himself in a room for six month to write a god-damn script . his sort of dedication really should pay off - it never do , but it really should - he finish the script , sell it , they make it , the movie 's open soon , he first movie , I feel he deserve a good time , so I set he up with this girl that sleep with most thing and it slip my mind that she wear jewelry in she pants . pete hey Don , I would like more than to just '' get laid '' . don I would like there to be smart people . pete I really think you be have I meet someone I might like to date . there be , what I think be , a lot of animal attraction , and yes , it 's be a while , so I just succumb ... don when you succumb , do you scream out , '' I be succumb '' ? after I succumb , I always al do you come across a lot of this ring ? don that 's the only one I have see in the flesh but ... hey , do I pun there ? ed what 's a vagina-r ? don ( quickly to Ed ) a group of female smuggler . ed really ? Pete give Ed a look . al do you sleep with this girl ? pete no . almost . ed please tell I what a vagina-r be . pete ( try to end this ) it 's a ring you wear - in - you vagina . ed be you fool around down there and come upon a ring that have slip off some other guy 's finger ? don yeah that 's it - actually she 's get a entire Tiffany 's Jr. down there - if you need something nice for the wife . pete ( one more try , slowly ) Ed , she have a pierce vagina . ed oh , that 's terrible ! be she in a car accident or something ? don ( give it a try ) earring - pierce ear , vagina-r - pierce vagina . ed no , come on seriously . pete what do you do when you first see it ? don pull it . I figure there be a string attach and it would talk . unfortunately , Ed realize he may now have the truth . ed oh no -no-no-no-no . stop it , stop it , stop it , sto -- CUT to : int . bedroom —- continuous silently we see Pete fly backwards off a bed from between knee in horror . he knock into the bureau and send thing fly , then into a wall , knock over a lamp , etc . as Pete continue speak in voice over . pete ( v.o. ) I take it in stride , of course . I mean , I respect people 's right to make they own choice ... ed ( v.o. ) no-no-no-no-no ... CUT to : int . ballroom - continuous ed ... why not , ear - clip - on earring , vagina - clip - on vagina ring ??!! don do she give you that line about how in India and Africa it would not be consider unusual ? pete yes . don I tell she , I do not care if in ancient time it be consider normal and beautiful ... int . bedroom — continuous sitting on the same bed as Pete , same woman 's knee before he , amaze expression on he face as he stare , Don continue in voice over . we see he lip move in unison say the word , but the voice come from the ballroom . don ( v.0 . ) .-. in ancient time they go around shitting on the floor like dog , but most importantly - you have punch a hole in you vagina ... CUT to : int . ballroom —- continuous don .+. then I take the ring out and fuck she . pete you be kid ?? don I be sure you be suppose to , I figure otherwise I have shred my dick . ed please ! please ! tell I this be a joke - I have a daughter ! al so if I be to give a girl a pair of earring , she might not wear they in she ear ? don there be a time when you could count on woman to wear earring in they ear , but that day be long go , baby . I know this guy who give he girlfriend a vagina engagement ring . al do she want a engagement vagina-r - vagina engagement ring - whatever , or do she want the usual kind ? don no , they be both highly into it . this be the real deal , they have go '' I love you '' and everything , very romantic . the only problem be , when word get out that they ring . so he be always get jealous - which be unfair since he give it to she and she just want to show it off . plus she keep get arrest for show it to people in public place . as you probably guess , they never get marry . Moral of the story , sometimes it 's best to stick with tradition . al do she keep the ring ? I guess they be pretty hard to return . don and what girl 's gonna accept a use vagina engagement ring ? -- even if it be you grandmother 's . al ( to Pete and Don ) what be you guy do with you life ? what kind of girl be you go out with ? why do not you go out with nice girl ? don be that the tattooe one , or the one with fake breast -- like you wife ? al my wife do not have fake breast . don yes she do . al no she do not ! don why do not you squeeze they and get back to I . al they be fibrous ! don look , you may not know you wife have fake breast , which be fascinating to I , but I can inform you that you wife possess one pair of fake breast . al I ask she . don well , that settles that . the sun may not rise in the morning , but woman never lie . look at you wedding picture . you marry a beautiful woman with ping - pong ball - size breast -- al who have a miscarriage , which cause she to have a hormonal reaction that make she breast grow ... don overnight to the size of beach ball ? al it be not overnight . don Al , you go away on a business trip on Monday , return on Wednesday to a wife with huge breast . a little boy , ralph , ( 8 - 10 ) , stand shyly by the table , hold a pen and paper . Don notice he . don ( cont have ) hi. come here -- do not worry about it . I be just some guy on tv . no big deal , believe I . Ralph uncomfortably approach . ralph could I have you autograph ? don of course , it would be my pleasure . thank you very much for ask . what 's you name ? ralph Ralph . Don scribbles , then hand it back . Ralph , delighted and appreciative , scurries back to he watch mother and father . they gesture thanks to Don , he return graciously . don let 's see how shameful it be by the bar . bar —- a moment later against a wall be a bar . Ed , Al , Don and Pete stand at it . don anyway , so how’re you wife 's fake breast ? al my wife do not have fake breast ! don yup , fake one , yup , yup , yup , yup , yu -- we hear the one -of - a-kind voice of a major movie star . jessica ( 0.s. ) who want to buy I a drink ? they immediately halt and look to the voice . there , right there stand jessica black , gorgeous , dolled - up , one of the very biggest star in Hollywood , stinking drunk , pill , etc. , wobble , wear a very tight outfit , fake breast - clearly . ed ( sweetly ) they be free . don we will insist upon pay - adorable guy . the guy be only too delighted . the bartender have leave to get ice , Don reach behind , grab a bottle of wine , fill jessica 's glass . the guy can not help but hang on she every slur word . jessica do anybody know what the fuck charity this be for anyway ? ed um , yes . this be a benefit for the american Cancer Society . it 's a annual event host by my firm . we invite select member of the entertainment community , such as yourself , who be good enough to attend - and I hope this be not rude , but my wife just adore you , you be she favorite movie star . unfortunately , she have to stay home with we daughter , who have a sore throat , she 's go to be so upset when she hear she miss you . do you think I could have a autograph ? don ( to Ed ) you be so cute . ed don you be such a nerd - I love it . ( to jessica ) Nice outfit . jessica you like it ? don uh-huh . jessica you get good taste . where you from ? don New York . al we be all from New York . jessica why do you feel that 's worth mention ? should not someone who look like you have a cell phone hang off the side of he head , create wall , in essence , between you and we , and so give we , in fact , reason to be thankful ? Excuse I . she lean and sloppily , seductively whisper into Don 's ear , then stagger off and out of the ballroom , take four heart and eight testicles with she . Don count , mouth the number . ed I can not believe jessica Black be right here , talk to we - wait till I tell Sue . Al make a call . al she 's even more beautiful in person -- great breast . pete yeah , well , you go for that real one . Don reach sixty in he count , he follow jessica . ext . pool / don & pete 's house - day you basic on the small -size pool in the Hollywood Hills , in it Don lie motionless on a raft . there 's some patio furniture around it , some view , a jacuzzi . soon , ding dong , the doorbell . 10 . don fuck ! ( yell ) come around back ! soon , a lovely female form appear . Don must visor he eye with he hand to more clearly see detective dreyfus , beautiful , extraordinarily build l.a.p.d. detective . she 's dress appropriately , but she large , fake breast be prominently display - but there would be no way for they not to be . yup , no doubt about it , this be a cop with a boob job . dreyfus Donald Miller ? ( show she badge ) detective dreyfus , l.a.p.d . Don laugh , not buy this for a moment . dreyfus ( cont would ) Mr. Miller , I be -- don call I Don . dreyfus Mr. Miller , I be investigate the jessica Black rape and murder . this be startling for a moment , but then Don undoubtedly remember that this be all a big joke . don oh , jessica 's dead ? dreyfus yes . I have like to ask you a few question . don Fire away . have a seat . you want some coffee or something ? you do not mind if I stay right here , do you ? she pull up a patio chair to the edge of the pool . dreyfus it 's my understanding you see jessica Black the evening in question at a formal functio - - don you want to come in ? the water 's great . 11 . dreyfus Mr. Miller , I need to ask you a few question . I be happy to do this nice . you can lay there in you little pool and get a little sun while we do this or I can drag you little television ass downtown and make sure the sun go down before I get around to you . don do you really expect I to buy this ? dreyfus what 's that , Mr. Miller ? don that you be a cop ? dreyfus ( show she badge ) detective dreyfus , l.a . -- don uh-huh . dreyfus okay , tv boy , why do not you paddle over here and have a look at the badge so we can get on with this . don I do not know what the badge be suppose to look like , but regardless , nothing be go to make I believe you be a cop . however , if you be free tonight , maybe we could have dinner . stone-face , dreyfus inhale a lot of air through she nose , exhales , stand , then pick up the pool skimmer . dreyfus okay , star , out of the pool . int . police station / interrogation room - day Don sit at a table , rant and rave , as dreyfus and captain abernathy stand . don «+. I do not know she have be kill ! why do not you phone ahead and let a guy know when you be send around a policeman that look like she ! how be I suppose to know someone be not play a joke on 12 . abernathy I believe detective dreyfus show you she badge . don it 's gonna be hard to find a badge in this town ?! the problem be that no one could exaggerate enough to exaggerate what it 's like to live here . if you write a movie make fun of L.A. , you would have a detective that look like she . abernathy Mr. Miller , we would appreciate some cooperation . this be a high - priority , high - profile case . one of the most famous people in the world be rape and strangle to death . we be do all we can to keep thing discreet . I think you can appreciate we have we job to do . don be I a suspect ??? if yes , I can take care of this real quick , let I explain something to you , I be not allow to commit murder , I be not allow to be a murder suspect , I be not allow in the vicinity of a murder ! dreyfus who say ? don my mother ! it 's inconceivable ! absolutely inconceivable ! dreyfus we just want to ask you a few question . at the moment we be talk to people . you be in the vicinity of a murder ! don yes ! yes - do not tell my mother - everybody there be . now enough with this , let 's move on to something less ridiculous and much more important . ( to dreyfus ) be we have dinner tonight ? int . canter 's delicatessen - day Don and Pete sit at a table on the old side of canter 's . Don be a little shake , Pete , quite excited . 13 . pete ... what be you talk about ???!!! be you okay ??? don yeah , it 's just the strangest fuck thing - as you know , not a day go by that I would not like to , but my mother have forbidden I to commit murde -- pete be you a suspect ??? don of course not . they want to '' talk '' to I be all . people see we together , I guess . she come over - you know - she be kill after that - I do not know . pete so they just want some information from you ' cause you be there . don yeah that 's it - whatever - I do not want to talk about it - move on - new subject - what 's go on with the movie ? Pete decide to go along with don. pete I be get nervous . I could see it if I want , I just think it 'il be more fun to see it with everybody else at the premiere . I just hope it 's good . I be so happy with the way the script turn out . I be proud of it and I do not think I have ever feel this way about something I have write . don well , I be sorry to hear that . pete I really think this guy get it and care about do a good job with it , so I be sure they do . don not likely - which guy ? pete the studio , the producer , the director - - 14 . don oh - no , no definitely not - but it be a great script and - '' it 's money '' - as we have no choice but to say all the time . bobby , a actor , sadly the kind you find most of in L.A. , see Don and Pete , come over and sit down . of course , he sport a goatee . bobby hey , Don man ! hiya , Pete ! mind if I sit down ? I may as well eat , I get some time to kill . I just duck in here to call my machine and see you guy . how you guy doin 's ? Don , man , the show be great and you be great on it , congratulation , man , you deserve it , man . you guy eat here a lot ? hey , Don man , who cast you sho -- don yeah , this place remind I of home . pete since when do you miss New York ? don I do not . I miss the deli . this place , at least , have the ambiance down pretty good , and the waitress be pretty authentic ... a old , fat , heavily Eastern european accented waitress step up wear a waitress 's uniform , a pink and white one . call she dear . she walk dear what can I get you darling ? don we be not quite ready , dear . give we a few moment , if you would , dear . dear of course , darling . away . pete you know , it sound very condescending when you do that - '' dear '' . don no , it do not . where else can I call 15 . old jewish man . where else can I feel like a grow - up in this town ? pete Fine . fine. i’11 call she dear too . don do that - and happy up , we be celebrate you impending movie premiere - the mediocre pastrami sandwich be on I . bobby hey , that 's right , Pete man , you movie open soon . congratulation , man - you think I could get invite to that premiere , Pete mar -- the absurdity that be Bobby force Don to close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete on beautiful green grass , realistically shot ( this be not a dream sequence , no haze or filter of any kind ) jump joyfully . we be here briefly . we smash CUT back to scene . don be we ready ? ( call out ) dear . every waitress in the place think they be be call , so turn to Don . don ( cont have ) no - we '' dear '' . ( to we dear ) when you have a second , dear . bobby Pete man , the premiere of you movie , could I -- dear step up . pete hi , dear. dear hello , darling . ready to order ? don yes , please , thank you , dear . Three pastrami on rye , three Dr. Brown cream sodas . and could you make sure sour pickle . ( hold yellow mustard ) and could we get some real deli mustard , 16 . dear . what 's with this place ? it 's get a lot of nerve call itself a deli . dear ( sympathize ) would you believe , the close I get be gulden 's . don thank you very much , dear . dear you be welcome darling . dear walk away . bobby so Don , who cast you show ? maybe you could slip she my picture , I get one right here . Bobby give Don a 8x10 headshot of himself with a resume staple to the back . Don look at the photo . don this do not look anything like you , Bob . insert - headshot it 's remarkable how flatter this picture be . back to scene bobby well I be not spruce up right now - in audition mode - but maybe you be right . maybe I need some new one ; this be about seven month old . don Seven month ? do you set you face on fire in the last seven month , Bob ? maybe wash up with a little acid ? who the fuck be this - you young , better - look eighth cousin ? ( show Pete photo ) Pete , do this look like anyone at this table ? pete ( tentative ) it -- look like Bobby . don Pete , you be not be mean when you tell 17 . really someone 's friend , you tell they the truth . this be a very little - know thing around here . ( to Bobby ) I will be happy to give this to the casting director , but what do you do when you walk in the office and they actually see you ? Don play casting director , do double take at Bobby and the photo . bobby Don , mar - — don May I speak ? this be a photo of what you wish you look like . this guy can not get any part , because this guy can not show up , because this guy do not exist . you at least exist - the only thing you have in common with this guy be you may not be able to get any part either . pete you must be Bobby 's best friend . bobby okay , I ’1ll get some new one , so you guy dating anybody ? I be not . can I confide something to you guy ? I can not get laid - can not close . I do not know what it be . there 's something about the woman in this town ... don if they be see you picture first , they be definitely disappointed when you show up . pete Don , be serious , will ya ? don what ? be he pay I , Mr. Nice ? pete you could be a little more sensitive . he 's be serious , you could be serious back . don uh-huh , look , this be not a job for sherlock holme , let I solve this major mystery for you - if woman digge ya , 18 . pete forget it . don okay , never mind , that be the truth , sorry , what be I think - so - I be go to share with you this sure - fire method I have recently develop , whereby the biggest loser can get some . first of all Bobby , get on tv or become a movie star and you will get laid , I guarantee it . bobby tell I about it , I have love t-- don enough speak by you . it 's listen time . give someone else a chance . now , I have not try it , but I would bet anything this work - what do all woman want to be this day ? bobby I do not know . don lesbian . pete oh , Jesus . don hear I out , Mr. lift - you -leg - on- everything . woman today all want to be lesbian . let 's not even bring Freud into this . it be very in vogue to be a lesbian . and we all know that there 's nothing woman like more than be in vogue . read a magazine - fuck , look at the cover - it 's chic . Daily , I have woman admit to I that they be intrigue by the idea . not that they want to give up man , cut they hair short and start spitting on the street , but that they be open and very intrigue by have a lesbian experience . so I get to think , why be this ? and I realize that there 's nothing that happen to a woman during lesbian sex that would not happen to she with a man . in fact , less would happen during the lesbian experience , but nothing new that they have not experience before - strictly 19 . speak from a receive perspective . be you follow this , Bob ? bobby go on . don you can give woman that lesbian experience they be so craving . pete what be you talk about ?! let I guess , you want he to dress up like a woma — — don not at all and keep that leg on the ground , baby . you get a woman , she have like to try a lesbian experience , but she 's a little nervous , unsure , who would she have it with , where do you go to get one . woman be talk about this shit , no pull tooth involved . so you explain to she that if she 's not quite sure , but flirt with it , nervous , et cetera , you can show she exactly what it 's like to have a lesbian experience without she actually have a lesbian experience . imagine how attractive this would be to woman . what 's get to be the number - one reason why woman do not have a lesbian experience ? because if they do , they have have a lesbian experience . you can pound a billion nail and no one 'il call you a carpenter , but you suck one dick ... Pete begin to appreciate Don 's wit . Bobby be rivete . bobby so you just tell they that you could show they what it 's like to be with another woman ? don exactly , parrot - once you get she home , you explain that lesbian , just like heterosexuals , start out with a little kissing , so you make out . you explain that lesbian love breast - you play with hers . then you explain that in order for she to truly understand what it 's like to be with a woman , it 's important that you show she some of the thing she will not be do during she 20 . dick and have she blow you - and you state , '' do not be look for this during you lesbian experience , this you definitely will not be do during a actual lesbian experience . '' then you use you finger some , big with lesbian . '' expect a lot of this '' , you tell she , '' this be very popular '' - you go down on she . '' now '' , you tell she , '' if the follow occur during a alleged actual lesbian experience , then you know for sure that you be not have a true lesbian experience '' - and you fuck she . bobby very , very provocative , Don , man . this really yours , man ? you develop this ? don now it 's yours . use it . soar with it . ext . don & pete 's jacuzzi - night Don & Pete be in the jacuzzi . don I hate this thing . they make I itch . why be this thing hold in such high regard around here ? pete if you hate it , why be you do it ? don I be try to belong Pete ! I feel like I do not belong . I be try to fit in , '' when in Rome ... '' - oh I be too well raise to be here . pete Don , we need to get marry . the jacuzzi be slightly raise , so Don may conceal some thing on he side of the jacuzzi . when Pete be not look , Don keep a eye on he , reach out and come up with a onion , which he quickly toss into the jacuzzi without Pete see . don okay . pete I be serious , it 's time . 21 . don I hear you . I be in a jacuzzi with a guy and he 's just propose - exactly what I deserve . again keep a watchful eye , Don reach out quickly toss some carrot into the jacuzzi without Pete see . pete running into Bobby today have make I realize ... don what ? that you have a lot to be thankful for ? that 's the worst thing about live in L.A. , the people make you feel too damn good about yourself . pete do you know , we be literally the only two from home who be not marry ? again , etc. , etc. , Don quickly toss in another onion . don uh-huh , then let 's get marry . as Pete spout , Don reach out , quickly dump in a box of noodle , then conceal the box . soon , some celery . pete we have to at least make it a possibility , go out with woman , woman that at least some guy some where would consider appropriate . we have to make a concerted effort to find nice girl and marry they . that 's what we be raise to do , it 's what we should do . don settle . we be get marry . tomorrow we set out to find wife . I be go to call my mother first thing , this will please she . int . don & pete 's house - morning the house be a pretty nice house in the hill . they be not the kind of guy to put much into decor , they make a live , they move to L.A. , they be single , they have a place in the hill . of course , they each have they own bedroom and phone line , so in the live room be two telephone . Don and Pete be in the live room . Don 's on he phone talk to he mother . Pete 's 22 . don «+. hiya , ma , big news - Pete and I be get marry ... oh , that 's excellent mar , you be a riot , I do not know why everyone say you be so dull - no , not to each other ... we have decide to find babe to marry and -- marry ‘em ... pete ... yeah , I feel really good about the decision , Mom ... no , I have not meet any nice girl yet , but now I be go to make a concerted effort ... well , what you hear be maybe true , maybe not , but I figure fifty percent of this town be transplant from somewhere else , so ... don .-. Nah , it 's not gonna be a problem for I , but poor Pete with he drug problem -— woman here just be not look for guy with drug problem anymo -- ... you do not know Pete have a drug problem ? ... oh , yeah - big one ... it 's what happen , you be right , everyone do drug here ... right , I be the one exception ... yup -— drug ... it kill I too , he 's my best friend . I have try to help he , ma - he 's hook , man ... yeah , I ’1ll hold ... Don wait as he know exactly what he mother 's do . pete .-. no , Mom , I would not say there 's a wait line ... well , you be a little biased , and some of the girl here do not exactly share you exact value system ... yeah , I will hold ... ( to Don ) I be hold . don ( to Pete , fight smile ) I , too . pete Mom 's very excited by the news . don yeah , news have a way of do that - I be on. ( into phone ) «+ . oh , hiya ma ... 23. pete ( into phone ) .-. yeah , I be here , Mom ... what ?! ... no - - ... Mo -- ... not at all -- ... she say wha -- ... Mom , no , it be Don be funny - - ... you know do -- ... he tell he mother , so she have call yo -- ... Mom , I do not do drug -- ... Mom -- ... ext . melrose - day random shot of the amazing people on melrose . ed ( 0.s. ) «+ . Don , it 's not nothing ! it 's something ! enough of something that that detective come to each of we to ask question ! al ( 0.s. ) about you ! she be not interested in much other than you , Don ! don ( 0.s. ) it 's a scent I give off . pete ( 0.s. ) he will not deal with this ! he 's just ignore it or pretend it -- don ( 0.s. ) hey , it 's a beautiful Friday afternoon , you guy have leave you desk early , we can pay we bill , why do not everyone try to go fuck themselves . ed ( 0.s. ) Don , listen to I , you have -- don ( 0.s. ) Ed , I do not think you be try . al ( 0.s. ) she get a little angry at I . for a long time I think you send she over as a practical joke . don ( 0.s. ) yeah , very strange want to fuck someone who 's try to send you to prison - a first for I . 24 . pete ( 0.s. ) don , what the fuck be you do ??!! why be you so comfortable be so caviler about this ??!! don ( 0.s. ) we be in l.a .! behave laid - back , please !... we CUT to the guy sit at a melrose outdoor cafe , where the conversation have be come from and continue . Al be ona call , he have he cell phone to he ear . don ( cont have ) ( be melrose ) «+ . the hell with I , boy be this depress . I bet we catch a disease . ( to Pete ) seriously , you in L.A. now , I want you tell nothing but lie and speak in improper sentence that begin and end with '' dude '' . ( to Ed ) you just continue be lovely and pure . ( to Al ) be you try for the brain tumor ? int . ed' house - night Ed and he wonderful wife , sue , be at they door about to leave for the evening . Ed be try to get Sue out the door . Don be baby -sitting lily , they beautiful five year old daughter . Don and lily stand in the live room , pose hand - in-hand , continuously wave , as they see Ed and Sue off . sue «+. remember - the number be on the refrigerator ... don right , there be no number , should a emergency arise , I will hope for the best ... don & lily bye. ed honey , we be really go to be late -- sue «+ . we be eat at patina - - 25 . don oh , I love the ivy , they have the best cajun rib at the ivy ... don & lily bye . sue no -- ed honey , if you do not talk to he , we will have a better time , the key be not to talk to hi - - don & lily bye . int . lily bedroom - later Don be tucking lily in , then lay on top of the bed with she . she adore he . don tell I a story , will ya ? lily there be this funny guy with a scruffy face who be really nice that this girl love very much , so the guy wait till the girl be older , because he say she have to be and then they get marry and live happily ever after . the end . don be the girl really rich and hardly ever talk ??? lily slap don. lily you tell one please . don okay . this story be call '' Sara and her New breast '' . there once be a girl name Sara who be older than you , you know , like mommy , old enough to have breast , and guy do not pay enough attention to she and that bother she , so she go out and buy some breast and have the doctor install they . well , the thing be that Sara be really smart and wonderful , much more smart and 26 . pay attention to who already have big it - - um , large breast , she just do not realize it yet , but before long she grow up and realize it and realize that that guy whose attention she want be idiot and she have to spend the rest of she life embarrassed that she give a damn . the end . lily I like my story better . don I too . lily you be a little crazy . but I love you . don now you see , if you be older , I have have to respond insincerely with a , '' heyyy , I love you too , baby '' . doubtful she know why , but she slap he again . don ( cont have ) but you get a sincere I love you . he give she a kiss . int . ed 's house - later Ed and Sue be back and see Don to the door . Sue adore Don also . don «+ . it be my pleasure . I wish I do it more often . ed it 's very nice of you . don I be in the entertainment business , life be a endless pursuit to feel occasionally clean . sue she adore you . ed I be not happy about it , but you may actually have to marry she . don 27 . ed five . don ( think , then ) oh , that 's too young . sue be you worried about this police thing ? don no , you stupid husband and he stupid friend be . sue you sure ? Don , I be just go to say this ... um , it would be a good idea ... just to be safe and wise - even though there 's nothing to worry about ... you should have a lawyer . Don hear she . as he 's halfway out the door , Sue remember : sue ( cont would ) oh , be there any damage control I need to take care of ? don oh yeah , '' Sara and her New breast '' - a terrific girl get fake breast so boy will like she , then soon realize what a idiot she be to do that and spend the rest of she life feel like a asshole - blah- blah -blah . sue okay , I 'il get right on that . she kiss he goodbye . obviously , this be something Ed and Sue have come to expect and adjust to . ext . don & pete 's house - next morning straight out of bed , still mostly asleep , rub he eye with one hand , the other in he boxer short , Don walk out he front door . he bend down and pick up the paper , dismantle it , glance at the front page of the various section . he freeze on the Metro section , captivate by a piece of news . Hand go back down he pants and he read . insert - metro section on the cover be a picture of Don with a headline that read : '' tv funny guy question in jessica Black rape and murder '' . 28. back to scene Don look up from the paper , he 's stone face , even when he see what he see when he look up . don 's Pov - the PRESS many member of the world 's press and all they stuff be in front of Don 's house . they be busy set up , waking up , drink coffee , etc . we be on a quiet street and Don have make no noise , so none of they notice Don be there . back to scene fix blank expression , Don continue to stand there in he short with he hand down he pants . he casually turn and go back inside . int . don & peter house Don walk in with unchange expression , then Pete emerge from he bedroom , have just shower . he only wear a towel wrap around he waist . Pete walk by Don on he way to the kitchen to make coffee , he do not notice the newspaper in Don 's hand . pete Morning . don Morning . pete coffee ? don please . pete do you get the paper ? Don hide the paper behind he back . don nope . pete well , will you get it ? don I do not like to be inform . Pete do not want to deal with this , even though Don be by the door , it 's easier if Pete just get the paper himself . he walk to the door . 29 . pete it 's too early for this . I x11 get the paper - that you be much closer to . I x11 make the coffee , then why do not I clean the house ? don do not forget to pick up my dry-clean . Pete open the door and walk out . when he do , Don reach through the door , pull Pete 's towel inside , yell out : don ( cont have ) hey , it 's he ! and slam the door . immediately we hear the clamor of the press , cameras snapping , etc. , and Pete frantically banging on the door , ringing the bell . Don get some coffee . int . canter 's delicatessen - day Don and Pete be back at canter 's as arrange . throughout the scene , people point at Don and whisper . Bobby arrive , very excited , and join they at the table . bobby Don man , Don man , I could not believe it , they be talk about you on the radio , they be talk about you on '' regis and Kathy Lee '' - they really like you , Don man , regis and Kathy Lee - they be sure you be clear , man - have you do they show , Don man ?! i’11 bet that Kathy Lee can fuc - - Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete stand arm around each other shoulder do a sloppy rockettes . we smash CUT back to scene . don Bobby , I want you to say the word '' man '' less . my name 's Don , not Don man . unless one 's a superhero , there 's no reason to put the word '' man '' after a name . you do not hear I call you fuck - up idiot man - do you ? when you become a superhero , I ’1ll tack the '' man '' on . bobby hey , Don mar -- you piss off at I , Don ? pete Bobby , Don 's understandably upset , why 30 . don anyway , be not we here for a reason ? give we the good news . bobby it do not work . don what do you mean ??! you must have do something wrong ! bobby I do exactly what you tell I ! at one party I must have try it fifty , sixty time , practically walk around go , '' who want a lesbian experience ? '' you be definitely right , they be all really into the lesbian thing , but when I propose what you tell I , nobody go for it . one girl even say , '' if I could pretend you be a woman , I could pretend you be a guy I want to fuck '' . ( take a obvious pause ) I have be think ... you know ... I have hear about this ... I think if I ... I be think about get a penis enlargement . pete what ??!! with a hand , Don try to calm Pete so he can roll with this . don interesting , interesting idea , ye -- pete oh , no , this be too much ! let 's not even fuck around about this ! don would you stop talk so much ? May I talk for a change ? you know damn well that the dick be to woman what the breast be to man - actually , I only get a hanker for really big breast occasionally , but all woman crave really big dick all the time . pete that 's not true ! bobby some woman say it do not matter . 31 . don they be lie - or that be woman that have not have big dick , or woman that want to be kind to you . pete I think you be wrong . don do not think I be wrong , there be fact here , thing we know for sure - fact number one , woman love big dick - this do not contradict the lesbian thing . they be totally independent of one another . woman 's first choice - big dick , also popular - no dick at all ... pete Don -- don May I speak ? I talk to a lot of woman and if you can get one to talk to you honestly , she 'il tell you that when woman say it do not matter , they be lie and the truth - that thing no one want to know - be that all woman love big dick . I be sorry if that make you uncomfortable , it do not mean a woman can not have a good time with you , it just mean she 'il always wish you have a bigger dick -- in you case a much bigger dick . bobby I think he 's right , pete. don it 's a new world , my friend , '' Men be from Mars , woman Love penis '' . and the kind of penis they love most be big penis . so if Bob here want to buy himself a big penis , we would be bad friend to do anything but support he . and when he 's the talk of the town , as you know he will be , we will be sit at home with we small penise in we hand , wishing we have a penis just like Bob 's -- ( to Pete ) how can you argue with I after last night ?! tell Bobby about last night , please . 32 . pete ( not eagerly ) Don take I to dinner with some girl he know ... CUT to : flashback - int . morton be - night Don and Pete be at a table with four woman who be in the entertainment industry , betty , veronica , wilma , and olivia , attractive , animated , speak in proper English sentence , quite well - dress . at first we hear Pete continue in voice over from canter 's . pete ( v.o . ) .-. the girl seem really nice , but thing do go like Don say they would . we continue hearing from where we be : betty so Pete , Don tell I you have a movie make at Warner Brothers ? pete yeah . betty who 's you executive over there ? pete Fred Davis . betty ( to wilma ) oh , I hear he have a really big cock , jocelyn blow he in the parking lot after the '' batman four '' screen . Pete think he 's hearing thing . even though he 's be warn , he be absolutely aghast , wince each time the word '' cock '' be say . Don just sit in silence listen attentively and delight . veronica he 's good friend with Paul foggini , who have a really big cock . olivia you know who I hear have a really , really big cock ? Alan dessy . 33 . wilma you be kid ? I would have never guess it . you know how with some guy you can just tell ? all the girl ad lib agreement . veronica speak of guy with huuuuge cock who you would not expect to have a huuuuge cock , you know who have a huuuuge cock ? Jack hartog . betty , wilma & olivia oh sure , everyone know that . int . doctor' office waiting room - that afternoon it 's a typical doctor 's office . behind a partition sit a very attractive nurse . the wait room be pack with only man . amongst they , Don and Pete . Pete 's uncomfortable and disapprove , Don 's fascinate and soon feel the need to address all wait . don we be wait for a friend . we be not here to see the doctor . Pete squeeze Don to shut up . Don be take with the nurse , after some stare , he walk over and discreetly speak to she . don ( cont have ) um , this be very embarrassing ... nurse it 's alright sir . everyone 's here for the same reason , no need to be embarrassed . don um , actually , um -- I be wonder if the doctor do penis reduction ? int . elevator - later Bobby , Don and Pete be in the elevator come from the doctor 's office . other be in there , too ( no child or old lady ) . don so , what do the doctor say about you penis ? Pete , very familiar with Don , be unsurprise by this behavior , more burden . Bobby , on the other hand , would like to die and bobby nothing . don can he make it bigger ? bobby what be you talk about ? don you go to a penis enlargement doctor to get a bigger penis - be you go for it ? have they find a donor yet ? do you get to see the penis before they attach it ? do they bring in a bunch and you choose the one you want ? or do you describe the kind you be after ? will you be gay now , since you will be touch another man 's penis - oh , I mean to recommend you ask the doctor he rate of success and find out what exactly be a unsuccessful penis enlargement . Bobby have be get increasingly bug-ey . next to Don be a pretty , young woman , amy , ( 20 - 35 ) with pen and autograph book . amy Excuse I , I hope this be not a bother , but could I have you autograph , please ? don oh , sure . be my pleasure . you really watch the show or be you be polite ? amy what ?? I watch all the ti-- don kidding . a little free act and comedy for you , do not even have to tune in . what 's you name ? amy Amy . Don sign and hand back the book . int . paramount soundstage - day we be on the set of '' life 's a Gas '' , the tv sitcom that Don be a regular on as the character '' floyd Lloyd '' . the set be you basic interior suburban house . Don be rehearse , with cast , crew and director , when a PA come up discreetly and uncomfortably . 35 . PA Don , um , excuse I , but there 's a police detective here who want to talk to you , she ask I to let you know . Don look , see dreyfus and be move to make the follow announcement to all . don hey everybody , the police be here to question I some more about jessica Black . yea ! visit from the police at my place of work . now you will have even more to whisper about behind my back . hey , wanna meet she ? fellow star , crew , Mr. director , wanna meet the policewoman who have implicate I in the rape and strangulation of jessica Black - and will not stop ? she 's really nice - especially the part of she that be not real . the director step up to Don . director Don , why do not you do what you have to do , we will take a break . displease , Don walk over to dreyfus . don let 's go to my trailer . int . don 's trailer - moment later don .-. look , I be sorry . I know I be not especially easy go , but I have never be confront by authority with fake breast before . now I answer you God - damn question . you do not have to talk to the press - I get a mothe - - dreyfus I do not hate you enough yet , I say nothing to the press ! the press do not need I for information . don oh -- you do not tell the press ? dreyfus no , it just so happen I do not . 36 . don oh -- good -- so , you be really a cop ? dreyfus yes . don I really do not mean to be rude , but , what , none of the strip club be hire ? dreyfus not only do not you mean to be rude , you mean to be charming . that 's you try to be charming - right ? don uh-huh ? dreyfus that 's fascinating . actor really be as fuck up as they say . don yeah , you need ten to fifteen of we to have one whole human be . dreyfus I have see you show . you do not write it , do you ? don no . it 's not my favorite show . dreyfus oh , good . don so , you go out on a date , you have a gun with you ? dreyfus yes. don do guy have a problem with you be a cop ? dreyfus yes. don I would not . I like the idea . if we be out and have a run - in with some guy , I would 37 . and - what 's more - if you be have trouble with he , rather than bother I - use the gun . dreyfus I see . well , wow , a whole human might only take five to ten of you . um , anyway , I be here because now you have to answer some more question , because there have be development , you be now officially a suspect in the jessica Black rape and murder case . don dinner tonight ? int . don & pete 's house - night Pete , Al and Ed sit around the live room . Al pull he phone away from he mouth to say : al .-. I do not understand , why will not he come out of he room ?? how long have he be in there ?? pete Al , relax . he come home this afternoon with a dog , tell I to leave he alone , go into he room with the dog , that 's all I know -- that detective show up on the set today -- people be point and whisper . ed it 's one thing after another lately . first I learn there be vagina-rings , now Don 's a suspect . I do not think anything could be more terrible than that ring . this be so awful - especially for he - be you sure he 's alright ? al okay , someone 's get to say it , I know he do not do it , but -- do you think it 's possible he could have do it ? we hear a door open within the house . don ( 0.s. ) come on , boy . a mutt scurries in , sniff and lick everybody . Don walk in , do not even say hello . 38 . ed what a handsome dog ! pete yeah , seem real sweet , too . al do he do any trick ? don yup . just teach he one . al ( to dog ) sit -- sit boy -- siiii -- siiiiit . the dog do nothing . Pete , Ed and Al try to get he to do something . they ad lib , '' roll over '' , '' speak '' , '' give I five '' , etc . the dog do nothing . pete good job , Don . I think you be ready for lion . Don take he finger and swipe or tap he nose with it - the gesture from '' the sting '' will do . when he do that , the dog say : mutt asshole . yes , the dog actually speak - they can , you know . it 's certainly guttural sounding , not quite as clear as when you and I say it , but it be '' asshole '' . Pete , Ed and Al can not believe they ear . frantically they start shouting : pete , ed & al do he just say asshole ?!/ do you make that dog talk ?!/ I think he say asshole !/ can he do it again ?! Don do the gesture . mutt asshole . wildly , Pete , Ed and Al do the gesture over and over , but the mutt do not react . the guy look to Don . Don do the gesture . mutt ( cont would ) asshole . 39 . pete , ed & al that 's unbelievable !/ how have you do it ?!/ a talk dog !/ I do not believe it ! al do he say anything else ? don nope . pete well , let 's teach he some more . ( right to mutt ) say - Pete -- Pete -- peeeete . Don do the gesture . mutt ( right to Pete ) asshole . don Nah , perfect . ed he 's cute . pete maybe he will help I find a nice girl . ed you guy be not have any success find wife ? pete that 's right . of course only one of we be really interested in a wife , the other of we just like humoring the one of we that be really interested in a wife . don I would really like a wife . al no , you would not . don of course I would . you think the idea of someone wonderful in my life repulse I ? hey ! do not be so presumptuous , wise guy . you have to meet a wonderful person , but really meet a wonderful person - not meet a person ! 40 . mutt asshole . Don make it plural by add the '' 's '' . int . don 's bedroom - day Don 's bedroom be fantastically messy . he lay in bed with mutt by he side and the phone to he ear . don «+ . you kid ? I have like just to find a girl who do not love get spanke ... yeah , anyway , ma , big news ... no , no , besides the jessica Black thing - I tell you , they just talk to I just because I be there , and the press get hold of it , make some fuss - forget all about that , it 's nothing . but listen , get a dog ... yeah , you want to say hello ? ... Don hold up the phone to mutt . Don do t ma ( v.o. ) ( old saccharine ) ... hellooooo sweetheart , be you a good boy ? I know you be , yes you be , you be a good boy -- he gesture . mutt asshole . ma ( v.o . ) .-. Don ! ... be there someone else on the line ?! ... hello ! ... hello , Don ! ... do you hear someone say -- Don get back on the line . ding dong . don .+. hey ma ... no , I do not hear anything ... beat I ... yeah , okay , I x11 call the phone company ... his name ? ... I name he after you actually ... heyyy , you be my mother ... the doorbell ring . mutt run to the door barking . don ( cont have ) ( yell to mutt ) hey , life -ruiner - shut up ! ( into phone ) ( yell to mutt ) life-ruiner - come ! ( into phone ) «.. talk to you - bye . front door Don answer it , it 's dreyfus and two uniform policeman . don heyyyy , detective Little Annie fanny . I wish you have call , I do not really look my best . 4l . Don wink at she . they come right in . dreyfus present Don with a paper . dreyfus Donald Miller , I have a search warrant to search the premise . don '' a search war ... '' Doctor ! Doctor ! I do not want to play cop and robber with you !! stop this already !!! dreyfus I be sorry ! I be ! I have my job to do . I have a search warrant . Don immediately do the gesture repeatedly . mutt asshole . asshole . asshole . asshole . as mutt say '' asshole '' repeatedly , dreyfus instruct the policeman to search , direct they towards Don 's bedroom . she curiosity become arouse by the dog . dreyfus can that dog talk ? don when inspire . she walk towards Don 's bedroom . Don follow . don ( cont have ) they better not mess up my room . don 's bedroom then one policeman be in the closet , one in the bathroom . Don and dreyfus come walk in . 42 . don look what they have do ! okay , now you can clean it up . policeman # 1 call over dreyfus , discreetly show she what he find on the floor of Don 's closet . it 's Don 's tuxedo and in the coat pocket , slightly hang out , a frilly pair of panty . dreyfus turn to Don with the panty dangle from a pen . dreyfus what 's this ? don the universal symbol for '' I surrender , now fuck I '' - let 's form a line , fella . dreyfus plastic -bag the underwear . dreyfus take the tux . policeman # 1 gather Don 's formal clothes . as they go : dreyfus ( cont would ) do not leave town . don on top of everything else , must you speak in cliches ? ( call after they ) I want that panty back ! have not you ever see underwear before ? hey , you forget to clean up ! what do you say we go italian tonight ? ext . mulholland dog park —- day a scene , with dog . people be suppose to come here for they dog , but you have to wonder . there be famous people , people who wish they be famous , lot of young Hollywood , plenty of beauty and hip folk , etc . Don be there with mutt , as be Pete , Al , on he phone , and beth , Al 's shapely , noticeable - look wife - and yup , Don 's right , that be definitely not she original breast . people point , stare and whisper about Don . he do a convincing job of pretend it 's not happen . mutt be off frolick with other dog as we gang socialize amongst themselves . Beth confront don. Don and Beth 's relationship be combative , strain , etc . beth hello , don. 43. don Beth - you be look hot , as always . beth thank you . don that be not a compliment actually . sexiest thing in the world be a babe with a bod that do not feel the need to show it off . beth rape and murder anyone today , Don ? why do not you mind you own business ? don unfortunately , ever since I find you in the bathroom at that restaurant in New York , give Al 's boss at the time a blow job , it 's be rather hard for I to mind my own business where you be concerned . you see , I have never be quite convinced that I do the right thing by not tell Al , but you assure I no such thing would ever happen again and my dear friend be foolishly in love with you , so I just worry about it quietly , but would worry less if you have dress more elegantly and tell you husband that you tit be fake . beth ( change the subject ) I hear you show be do very well . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete each with big smile on they face as they leap , one at a time , like baryshnikov . we smash CUT back to scene . don yeah , do well . beth ( be : dog ) so which one 's yours ? don that one . beth oh , it 's cute . what 's its name ? don 44 , beth really ? I be flatter . let 's meet he . don ( shouting out ) here , Fake -tit . Fake - tit , come . Beth storm off , grab Al to leave . Pete bring a idiot he and Don know over to see Don - joe , young , unbelievably young to be behave like this , do exist , stereotype ( 18 - 24 ) - Dawson would be good . Ed , Sue and lily have arrive in the b.g . pete hey , Don , look who 's here . don hey , Joe , whaddya know ? joe what do I know , you be the most famous man in Hollywood , great to see you , Don - love the show , love it - congratulation - I smell a Emmy . don I be pretty sure that 's dog shit , Joe , I have not be a dog owner that long , but my olfactory be pretty good , and there 's a lot of it around -- and stop talk so much . joe this guy have get to be the funniest guy in the world - funny and famous , hell of a combo . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete , one at a time , smile broadly while shuffle off to buffalo past the camera . we smash CUT back to scene . don be you a producer now , Joe ? and stop talk so much . joe yeah , I be a producer , you hear ? don I could smell it - what be you produce ? in very few word . joe I have several project . I get some script at Fox , develop some show 45 . tee up lot of meeting , be talk to Pete , '' Mr. Big spec sale '' here - love to set up one of he baby . don let I teach you a word , joe. good word . gonna come in very handy for you - '' nothing '' . producer ? last time I see you , you have trouble produce I a drink at a bar . joe last time you see I I be a actor -- and writer . here 's a think just happen to pop into my head - just chat now - the movie rights , still available on you story ? don Joe , just chat now , you head , still available to take a shit on ? joe I honestly do not think I have ever meet anything or one funnier than this guy . mutt come over . pete hey , here 's Don 's new dog I be tell you about . joe yeah , Pete tell I you get a dog - lotta responsibility . hiya , fellah , atta boy , you be a good look mutt , we gotta get you a girlfriend . why be not you out there humping some bitch ? Don do the gesture . mutt asshole . joe do this dog just say something ? don huh , Joe ? joe it sound like the dog say something . pete dog do not talk , joe. 46 . Don do the gesture . mutt asshole . joe there ! he just do it again ! he 's say '' asshole '' ! pete I do not think so , Joe . don I spend a lot of time with this dog , Joe - some bark , a little whining ... jessica I be tell you this dog be say '' asshole '' ! ( want mutt 's attention ) hey dog , dog , over here , here ... Don do the gesture . mutt asshole . joe you guy do not hear that ?! this dog be say '' asshole '' to I ! don look Joe , if this dog would say asshole to anybody , it have be you , but he just meet y -- joe I be tellin’ya -- Jesus -- alright -- whatever -- what 's this hound 's name ? don I name he after you . joe you be kiddin’ ? how ' bout that . at this very moment , as if Joe be a tree , mutt lift he leg and urinate on Joe 's pant - leg and shoe . Don react , cause Joe to realize , just as mutt finish and scamper off to play . don bad , bore - and-stupid ! bad boy , bore - and-stupid ! 47 . dog park - later Ed and Pete talk , lily and mutt play , Sue and Don talk . sue & don sue I be not go to ease into this . I be worried , I refuse to pretend I be not . be you okay ? I have like a answer . of course you never talk about it , you nev -- don I be the strong , silent type ... sue would not you like to talk about i- - don no - that 's exactly what I would not like to do . thank you - do not worry . this be a dopey thing and I have enough dopey thing in my life . it 's nothing , it 's go to go away . sue ( pause ) how 's find a wife go ? don pretty good . I have not find anyone to marry , but many I have like to divorce . she can enjoy Don 's sense of humor . sue do not you feel worthy ? don be this ask - really - annoying - question day , as oppose to all other day where woman only celebrate ask - annoying - question day ? sue this attitude may make it a little hard to find a wife . you be go to answer one of my question today , you can pick which one . don Worthy . I be a member of the entertainment community , I can not deny I find myself strangely comfortable here 48 . sue this attitude may make it a little hard to find a wife . do you really want a wife ? don I really like the idea of a wife . I would really like a life - I find more acceptable -- I tell you thing I do not tell other people , for some reason -- I think it would be nifty to have a girl in my life who I do that with and also sleep with . sue what do that mean , a more acceptable life ? don I would like to feel proud of what I do - proud of myself in general - I always think I would . sue there be perhaps better way of spend a day than teach you dog to say '' asshole '' . don I know -- it kill the time . sue though it be rather impressive . don I would have marry you if I find you first . sue no , you would not have . that 's very sweet of you to say , though . lily run up . lily Don , what 's you doggie 's name ? don I name he after you , actually . Don heave a stick . don ( cont have ) fetch , reason-to-live. 49 , int . pete 's bedroom - morning Pete 's bedroom be not messy like donus . Pete be fast asleep , as Don nonchalantly open the door , poke he head in and say : don get up , time to save Bobby 's penis . CUT to : ext . beverly hill doctor 's office - day Don , really piss - off , hold Bobby 's shirt and shoe , and smack Bobby 's head and shove he along , as Bobby try to put on he pants under the hospital gown he 's wear . Pete try to calm himself . don «+. you rescheduled a hour earlier ??!! because of a commercial audition ???! 11 ! bobby a national - '' tostito '' . don shut up - and you do not tell we ????! 1 !! we plan be to get here before you do and go '' only kid '' when you walk in ! you be two second away from have you penis cut up for a snack !! I just pull you off a table where some guy have you dick in one hand and a scalpel in the other !!! the problem be not you penis , it 's you asshole - it 's become all of you ! bobby Don , I be suffer from low self - esteem , a bigger dick would -- don shut up , you be suffer from low intelligence ! if you can say you have low self - esteem - you do not have it ! anything someone say they be or have -— they be not and do not - the last and only fact ! bobby Don , you yourself know that woman lik-- don how ' bout I get to speak a little ? let I tell you something , if you have any 50 . you have leave be to play the card you be deal . Men play the card they be deal and take they like a man when there be man . pete Bobby , do you really want to spend the rest of you life know you have elective plastic surgery on you penis ? do not you want the thrill of a woman fall in love with you for you ? not because of lie you have tell she , or how much money you have or because you have get hair , chest , cheek , calf or penile implant , but because of you , and then you have find someone who love you - true love , maybe not with the perfect person - of course not , but at least true love ... don thank you very much hallmark , let I tell you something , do you see '' Planet of the ape " ? that be not science fiction - truth , baby . prophecy . except it 's not gonna be planet of the ape , it 's gonna be planet of the chick . woman be gonna completely take over the world , they will enslave man , treat they like animal - on good day , we will do all the shit work , they 's 11 cut out we brain , forbid we to talk - you can not blame ‘em for that - a few of we will be use for mate purpose just to keep the species go , we will have to nail disgusting , dirty , fat , retarded woman and if we do not fuck ‘em and knock ‘em up , we will be consider useless and talk about penis operation , they 'il show ya a penis operation - make you life a whole lot easier . so I suggest you get in as much be a man as you can while you can . it 's come baby - planet of the chick . pete thank you very much , marlin Perkins , the point , Bobby , be that it 's probably not you penis that 's the problem . don though I be sure it 's not helpin’ any - come here . Don drag Bobby out of the shade into the light , grab he by the waist of he pants and yank , then look down into he pants and pause . 51 . don ( cont have ) that 's not a boner , be it ? Bobby crumble , Don grab he pants , he want more of a look . '' don ( cont have ) -- okay , you can have the operation . Bobby crumble into smaller piece , feel about as small as he penis . Don lead he back the way they come . then stop and : don ( cont have ) kidding . kidding . I be sure all be not lose - you dick be useless , you be not rich , yeah - you be in some trouble here ... ( grab he mouth , look in ) oh yeah , that ' 1ll do - we gotta play up you tongue . you see , that 's how it work , God do not give ’ya any kinda dick to speak of , but we all get some bad and some fine - that 's life , same for everybody - no operation need . so here 's what we do - calm down , all be not lose - we spread it around that you have the best tongue in town - I be tellin’ ya , this will get you action . a lot , I mean a lot of woman prefer it - it go back to the whole lesbian thing . bobby I just do not know what to do ... don right . that 's what you have in common with everybody else . there 's someone out there just like you - close you eye and point , swing a cat . ext . don and peter driveway - morning Ed , Al , Don and Pete be load up Don 's brand new buick skylark with they golf club . Don have over - dress the part . al you finally buy a new car and you buy a buick skylark ? don what 's wrong with this car ? it get you there . look at what this baby can do . Don get behind the wheel to show the guy thing about the car . 52 . don ( cont have ) let 's say you be drive along and it start to rain - you just hit this button here and ... the windshield wiper come on . don ( cont have ) how ' bout that ? what will they think of next - huh ? Ed , Al and Pete have know Don a long time and give up on stifling he long ago . Al make a call . don ( cont have ) now , let 's say you feel like take a drive at night - look at this ... the headlight come on . don ( cont have ) it 's like something James bond would drive . a plain car pull into the driveway . Ed notice with concern . ed uh , guy ... don oooh , look at this ! let 's say you want to see behind you - easy - look at what this baby have . Don move the rear view mirror around . pete hey , don. don fuck ! yeah , I see . Don get out of the car to greet detective dreyfus , exite the car that 's just pull up . she hold another paper . he 's get tired of this . dreyfus hello , fella . all ad lib polite greeting . don hiya , doll . 53 . dreyfus ( to Don ) be there somewhere we could talk alone ? ed we will get out of you way . don that 's alright . go ahead . you can talk in front of they . just hurry - will ya ? we get a tee-off time . my friend Ed here have just start he own accounting firm and we be celebrate with a golf outing . dreyfus have it you way . we be gonna need a semen sample . don so go spit on a microscope -- Ed , Al , interrupt he call , and Pete immediately ad lib , i.e. , '' take it easy , Don '' , '' sorry detective , he 's very upset '' , etc. , to try and protect Don . don ( cont have ) what ?! I have have enough of this ! she keep pop up ! I have golf to play , celebrate my buddy hang he own shingle ! a semen sample ?! what the fuck be you talk about ?! ed May we ask why you need he to - do that ? dreyfus we have match a personal article find in Mr. Miller 's possession as belong to the victim . we want to see if Mr. Miller 's semen match the semen take from the victim . don she just like say semen . ed perhaps we should call a lawyer . dreyfus you should . however , I have a court order . don court be now order I to whack off ? 54 . al ( interrupt he call ) Don , just do what they want ! don okay , can I go inside and do it ? it seem to bother some of the neighbor when I do it in the driveway . dreyfus at the station . don what ?! we get a jar ! fortunately a very , very , very big jar ... dreyfus you have to come to the sta -- don one of that costco size -- dreyfus at the station ! that 's how it 's do ! don come on !! I have a tee- off time -- I think maybe we should start see other people . ext . police station - day Ed , Al and Pete wait outside . soon Don come out zipping up he fly . he show no expression , do not stop , just keep on walk past the guy towards he car . as he pass they , to they he flip off : don okay , come on , let 's go , finish jerk off at the police station . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete sit in a row , side - by-side , clap and sway . we smash CUT back to scene . int . blue collar bar - later the guy have stop at some basic bar , with a juke BOX , between L.A. and malibu , for some post golf booz . they look out of place in they golf garb , as they and they drink occupy a table near the bar . at the bar be a bartender and four blue - collar fellow : fred , barney , archie and reggie . this fellow be not pretty . they 55 . do not look especially take with the guy , either . this do not go unnotice by Ed , Al and Pete . don nothing like a little golf after jerk off at the police station - if you think my three wood on the seventeenth be a shot , you should have be there at the station ... al ( with a discreet sotto voce ) why do we have to stop here ? where the fuck be we ? let 's go . this guy be stare . don and if you get any worse at golf , Al , you will be play croquet . why should we care about this guy ? president play better than you . and what 's wrong with this place ? it 's nice to do something non-l.a. ’y for a change ... Don say that loud enough to be hear , Ed , Al and Pete be concerned . but Don just keep on go . don ( cont have ) ... Al , there 's a certain amount of skill we be all bear with to play the game of golf . God do not give you yours . why do you suppose that be ? Al make a call . pete ( discreet sotto voce ) maybe we should go , Don . this guy be talk about you - I do not think they be fan . don ( speak too loudly ) this fella ? fuck ‘em . you know what the difference between L.A. and New York be ? in n.y. , if you squint , you can think you be in a elegant place , when in fact it 's a city of slob costume like non-slob . L.A. , it 's like the circus never leave town . you be allow to be a asshole here -- fred hey . hey you , with the mouth . 56 . ed ( under he breath ) he 's talk to you Don , let we handle this , okay ? ( to Fred ) hi , how ya doin 's ? fred I be not talk to you . I be talk to the guy on tv . you be on tv , be not you ? don yup . barney you be that floyd guy - right ? don right . floyd Lloyd . all four fellow laugh , ad lib wisecrack , i.e. , '' floyd - Lloyd right '' , '' what a stupid name '' , etc . fred we have be listen to you talk for what seem like a hour now - '' New York this , L.A. be full of asshole '' . you like to talk , do not you ? don yes I do . I like to talk . archie why do you like to talk so much , floyd Lloyd ? don oh , afraid other might otherwise . reggie you be not do much talk at the moment , floyd . don be patient . barney since you be on television and all , you probably figure what you have to say be more valuable than what we have to say , for instance . don 57 . pete ( stand ) look , guy , this be look like it may be head somewhere bad , can we just -- archie stand and approach Pete . the the Don the archie you be very rude for someone who have the time to play golf in the middle of the week , we be talk to floyd . do not be rude to we . don yeah , do not be rude to they , pete. ( to fellow , be : Pete ) he need to be teach a lesson . al Don , please . fred yeah , please , floyd . fellow repeatedly say '' please , floyd '' in funny voice . don fellas -- fellas ... fellow stop . don ( cont have ) I be try to chat with my friend here . turn away and talk to the guy more than loud enough for fellow to hear . don ( cont have ) so , as I be say , one thing both place have , L.A. and New York - pathetic loser sit at bar -- reggie hey , floyd ! you be not gonna get great rating on television with a bashed - in face . don that be very impressive the way you tailore that threat to the person you be threaten , use jargon inherent to he field , which obviously intimidate you - of course , you use it improperly - I do not get rating , the show do . 58 . archie nothing about you be intimidating , tv star . fred you make a lot of money dress up , make little funny remark , put in what - a twenty hour week ? don that 's a hard week . ( stand ) it bother you that I be on television . barney go to stand and speak , Don interrupt he from do both . don ( cont have ) I be talk now , get comfortable , this will not be brief . you resent that I be on tv . I get it , I resent it a little myself . and the money , the money be good - by you guy 's standard great - fuck unbelievably great - and I be not sure you would call what I do to get it - work . I certainly never break a sweat , never put any back into it . in all fairness , it can be unbelievably boring , I mean I nap every day . I be pay huge amount of money , by you guy 's standard , to nap in my cushy trailer - gotta love it , huh ? only in America . and when I be not napping , I be eat - all this great food that 's just there for the take all the time - I mean all the food you want and the best god-damn stuff . and when I be not napping or eat - I be fuck , fuck this gorgeous woman . everything you hear be true . if you be on television you get laid - laid - and laid some more by the most unbelievably magnificent woman - MTV stuff - and you do not have to talk to ‘em or buy ‘em dinner , they 'il just fuck ya - yup , they 'il just fuck you here , there , everywhere , anywhere - fuck ya in the morning , fuck ya in the evening , fuck ya round supper time - do not that sound like a great life ? floyd Lloyd - on television every week - I go to julliard , I eat rice and ketchup and sleep in the park when I do not have to , because I really do believe , do not laugh , one must suffer for he art and there be 59 . I have play '' hamlet '' - and play it well - importantly - I really go to the trouble of learn what act really be , really loving it and really get good at it - floyd Lloyd - and talk about work , that be work - you guy 's idea of work - get to be a good actor , a really good actor damn near break my back , take all the sweat I have , practically kill I - floyd Lloyd ... Al must get off he call , he 's rivete to Don . don ( cont have ) ... affable best friend on the hit television situation comedy , '' life 's a Gas '' - I sell out , I guess - I do not mean to . my day be spend get my friend to enlarge they dick , then stop they - I be a grow man - floyd Lloyd - I play '' hamlet '' importantly . you think it 's no work to be f.l.? it 's not a lot of thing . but I want to work . like my very lovely family go to a lot of trouble to teach I to do - like my father do - hard work every day - wear a suit - do not matter what it cost , lot or little , it 's a proper suit , he 's a businessman , he 's not try to impress you , he 's dress suitably and substantially , because he 's a substantial person and he go to work and do he job suitably and substantially , because he do not accept that there 's any other way to do it and he will always get to do it , because everyone know he could not do it any other way . and my mother adore he . he 's a man that 's achieve be truly adore - not because he bring home lot of bacon , but because he deserve to be adore and my mother be of such quality that she recognize when someone 's truly worthy of be adore and so can not help but do so ... Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete toss a football . we smash CUT back to scene . don ( cont have ) «+ . so my dad work hard - do he like it ? I do not know , but I can not fathom that he possibly could , he do it like a man , though . like it or not , he take he nine - to- five job and the job life have give he - like a man - like a good man - 60 . he get to be a good man , and he get to be truly adore - by my mother - floyd fuck Lloyd - I get a lot of fan - for '' dress up , make funny little remark '' - people actually find that a big deal - you be not the only one - I kill a day teach my dog to say '' asshole '' - and you be sit there piss at I for it ? what do you guy do ? collect garbage , dig ditch , work in the steel mill ? whatever , less I could not care . I assume it be not glamorous - you bust you ass , do not make much dough - boo-hoo , sound pretty crumby . you have rather be on television maybe , get laid all the time - eat , sleep - that 's fair , I hear you . hard work - a buck , something like work - a bundle . yes , I get laid by beautiful woman all the time , the ugliest woman I have ever fuck be a thousand time more beautiful than any woman who have ever talk to you and thanks to '' entertainment tonight '' a few of they even know my real name - you think my life be better than you life ? ( beat ) okay , how could you not , but I gotta tell you -- in truth -- in truth - that thing that no one want any part of -- it 's not better enough , it 's not altogether better , it 's better but not good - work in the steel mill could never be sensational , but with some care , if you marry my mother , have kid nothing like I , hold one or two interesting hobby -- it could maybe be good . ( to bartender ) what 's you best scotch ? bartender ( mesmerize ) uhhh , glenlivet . don I ’‘1l have a double , ice , splash of water - my friend be drink Coronas - ( sit at bar , to fellow ) you round . all be transport . the fellow push they money on the bar toward the bartender , let he know to do as Don say . ext . orso restaurant - day - don and louis Don sit at a table outside with louis the lawyer have lunch 61 . world be Louis 's tie . the second most colorful thing in the world be Louis 's vest - it 's that look where you buy the vest separately and add it to you suit of choice . the third most colorful thing in the world be Louis 's pocket square . the fourth most colorful thing in the world be surely Louis 's suspender , but we do not see that . Louis have a very strange bald pattern go on . louis «+ . what about the young chick - the one who play the daughter - be you get some of that ? I hope somebody be . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete hold on to each other waist and do the rumba . we smash CUT back to scene . don uhhhh , no - no , I do not know , I think she 's fourteen - nice to meet you , by the way , can we talk about the matter at hand ? you know I do not do thi -- louis that 's you business . don it 's my business ? you have like to know if I have sleep with the girl who play the daughter on '' life 's a Gas '' , who 's fourteen in real life , but not if I commit the crime I be be investigate for ? louis that 's you business . it 's my business to get you off - if it come to that . don well , thank you very much - um , you could not care less whether or not I do it ? louis I think it would be nice if there be no murder and rape . however , if it stop exist , I will have make a very poor career choice - I be a criminal defense attorney , it 's what I do - there be murder and rape - plenty of it - you may be in need of what I do - regardless of you guilt or innocence , you may be in need of what I do - regardless of you guilt or innocence , the law say you be entitle to it . 62 . don I know you be not in the comforting busine , you be in the '' get off '' business , but I do feel the need to tell you , sir , that I would find some comfort in you believe I do not do it . louis Fine , that will not cost you extra . the time we be waste will , though . you want I to think or believe you do not do it ? Fine , really , fine - you should stop say it so much , though . the rule of thumb in this business - if you client tell you he 's innocent , he 's not - and call I Louis . ext . paramount - day Ed meet Don outside the stage . they walk the street of the studio . don sorry you have to wait , they actually feel the need to rehearse this shit . ed that 's okay , I think studio be really fun . I see frasier and Eddie Murphy . don you be so cute . ed where be we eat ? as they stroll , a shiny , new mercede 500 sl park and from it emerge a extremely stun , leggy , busty , expensively clad , chanel expensive , very young , too - young - for-all - this woman , ( 20 ) . don pick it . as they pass she , Don flip off the follow remark to she : don ( cont have ) fuckin 's somebody rich - huh ? Ed can not believe what he hear , neither can the young woman . ed do you know she ?? don ed why do you say that ?! don stating the obvious . ed ( angry ) that 's not you job ! why do you feel the need to say that ?! don just come out . what be a young girl like she drive that car and over - dress in that way for - do not she receive any guidance from she parent ? someone need to say something to she . Fucking land without rule of conduct . nearby , a blue-blazor tour guide shepherd a group of tourist . Don wave and yell over . don ( cont would ) hello , welcome to L.A. - the '' be careful what you wish for '' city . Ed yank he away . ed what 's the matter with you ?! this be the world we live in . if you can not handle it , you better get some help ! come to you friend who love you ! that 's right , there 's some bad around - and some unattractive and -- perhaps I be put it nicely . that 's why you have to make sure to put some good and pretty thing in you life as well . if you can not handle it , you better get some help -- they be yell at each other . don why do not more people speak up ?! why be not more people offended ?! why do something have to explode or die or get rape to get a reaction from this crowd that inhabit the earth ?! why should I fuck accept the unacceptable ?! ed because that 's what you do when you be a grow - up -- it 's childish to think thing be go to be correct -- as long as 64 . you family be not fuck with , you would be amaze what you can bear . Don have have some wind take out of he sail . Ed and Don have reach the new york STREET on the lot . they hang out there on a fake New York street corner . ed ( cont would ) I do not know , Don , I be worried about you - - since the murder you 'v -- don fuck the murder - I mean , I understand - I have no right to complain , I understand - I have a lot to be thankful for , but I be not wrong - be I - this really be a very silly life I get go here . if you make I up and put I in a movie , nobody would buy I . and that 's without be suspect of raping and murdering a mega - star . okay , I aspire to be a artist and end up floyd Lloyd - I be a asshole , have no one to blame but myself . okay , I be too well raise to be in this business - it pay a good buck , shut the fuck up , absolutely , I get that . what I can not bear be have a life everyone think be so great , that be in fact beneath all of we . what be I wool ? my purpose in life be to be part of the great irony on earth that prove we be all supreme asshole . it 's the ninety , a fuck school teacher can not get the fuck time of day , but floyd Lloyd get fifty grand for two hour of he time to open a shopping mall ???! a fan , walter , ( 45 ) , appear out of nowhere and interrupt . walter I hate to do this to you , I see you from the tour , I be a big fan , could I - - don sure , no problem . what 's you name ? walter walter . Don give walter a autograph . they ad lib thank you and goodbye . walter leave . Don 's still where he be . don you be not allow to hit woman , why would they think I think you be allow 65 . int . don & pete 's house - night Don 's alone , he phone ring , he answer it . we hear the other end of the conversation via cellular phone in voice over . don «+. yeah ... louis ( v.0o . ) «+. Don - Louis , quickly , I may lose you - they be charge you with the rape and murder of jessica Black ... Don close he eye , we jump into Don 's head , more rumba . we hear Louis continue in voice over as we stay in Don 's head longer than usual . louis ( cont would ) ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) .-. where the fuck be this place ? none of this fuck building have number on they - uhhh , anyway , I be almost at my dinner , uhh , so meet I at the police station at ten a.m. - there it be - alright , so tomorrow morning and we will ... you there ? ... Don ... damn it , fuckin 's piece of shit - Don , do I lose you ? ... damn it , I do not have time for this ! fuckin 's cell phone - hello , hel -- we smash CUT back to scene . don «+. yeah ... louis ( v.0o . ) «+ . oh , good , think I lose you - so you be go to surrender yourself , you will be arraign , we will post bail , you be not a flight risk , but you will have to surrender you passport , I have work it out with the da , it 's best this way - alright , I be at my dinner , see you in the morning . Don hang up , stone - face , he just sit there , soon close he eye , we jump into he head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete march like soldier , first Don , then Pete , Ed and Al . they March to the song '' the ballad of the Green beret '' . as they march they pass a little boy , jump and clap , look up at they , he heroes . they look the boy in the eye and salute . then they pass a little old lady , jump and clap , look at they with proud and affectionate eye , they look she in the eye and salute . then they pass a great look babe with big fake breast in a tight sweater , jump and clap , look at they with ador 66 . after . back to scene . Don pick up the phone , dial and we experience a different Don . we can actually tell he 's feel pain . he do not make a lot of joke . in fact , he may cry . don «+. ma ... hi , it 's I ... I be alright .-. I be , I do not know why I sound funny , but only , um , I be in a little trouble , nothing that will not work out , but remember when they question I about jessica Black and it make the papers and all , well , now they have decide to arrest I -- ... no , please do not fly out ... yes , I have a lawyer ... sure , a good one ... he 's fine , I do not want to use the guy Jerry know ... I be fine , I be fine , really , it 's just a nuisance , just want to let you know , it 's go to be in the papers a lot and everything , you know , want to warn you , it 's just a pain in the ass be all , it ’1ll all be take care of , just a pain in the ass - you know I be think , you annual luncheon thing be come up , be not it ? ... I could make a donation this year , would you like I to make a donation , I have be happy to , I have like to , I have like to make a donation ... it 's no problem , everything 's gonna be fine , let I make a donation ... any nice girl ?? ... no , Mom , I have not meet any nice girl lately . it may be even trickier than usual what with this murder / rape thing . woman like liar and cheat , but they just do not go for murderer and rapis -- ... okay , okay , okay , I be sorry , I know you do not know what to sa -- ... please do not fly out , please try not to worry ... no , no fly out here ... I gotta go ... I just want to call to say I be sorry if this be gonna be a pain in the ass for you ... I be just sorr -- I do not want people whisper around you or be mean to you or anything like that ... I know you do not -- but -- I just do not -- want anybody be mean to you or anything -- you know -- I do not know , I gotta go ... no fly out «+ . I gotta go - I do not do this ... int . police station / interrogation room - day Don sit at a table with Louis as detective dreyfus and Lt. abernathy hover over he . Don be numb . 67 . dreyfus «+. maybe you would like to talk to we . we know you do it , be smart , let 's see what we can work out . don if I be go to do a episode of '' nypd Blue '' , I be gonna have to get pay . dreyfus you semen sample match ! but you already know that . that along with she panty find in the pocket of you tux and swear affidavit from fifteen prominent member of the community say they see you chase she step away from where she body be find , make you a guy who 's gonna spend a lot of time in prison . louis well , we will see about that . we be aware of the evidence . my client have nothing to say at this time . dreyfus I hear '' life 's a Gas '' be a very popular show in the joint , imagine the con 's delight , have one of the star right there in they midst . they 'il be kill to get to you . i’11l bet none of they have ever have a famous boyfriend before . Louis be about to verbally reprimand dreyfus , Don stop he . don fortunately , she do not bring she work home with she or the relationship would not stand a chance . abernathy let 's get he book . police station / fingerprint desk movie music plays . in silence we see Don lead to the fingerprint desk by two uniform officer , as dreyfus , Louis , abernathy and other stand by and watch . Don be dead , he do not acknowledge it 's happen . they must fingerprint he as if he be a rag doll . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete thumb wrestle , joyously . 68. police station lobby Don , withere , walk into the lobby with Louis from get print . woefully , Ed , Al , and Pete wait with a load of press , '' entertainment tonight '' , '' hard copy '' , etc . when Don appear , floodlight ignite , flash go off and they converge on he , like he be pull into a paint store . Louis forges he ahead through the press to Ed , Al and Pete , then the door . as he go , Don be shove and jostle . Don close he eye and we flash in and out of he head . when in , we see Ed , Al , Don and Pete joyously tumble recklessly and randomly , somersault , leap , etc . reporter # 1 do you do it ? reporter # 2 how would floyd Lloyd react ? reporter # 3 guilty or innocent , can you have a career after this ? reporter # 4 do not you have anything to say to you many fan ? reporter # 5 hey , do not you think '' life 's a Gas '' ? int . don & pete 's house - later in silence , seriously worried and depressed , the guy sit around the live room . suddenly , Don come to life : don I know what to do ! thank God , hope , the rest of the guy come alive , look to Don . don ( cont would ) Party - tonight - a biggy ! Ed , Al and Pete look to each other in shock , find this wholly inappropriate . pete Don -- you may be go to prison . al most of the special analyst on tv be say it 's likely ... 69 . don so when the cop come to tell I to lower the music , I be not gonna . int . party / don & pete 's house - night the party be in full swing . lot of people drink inside and out . plenty of pretty girl , some bimbos , actor type - some famous , producer - look creep , vile executive , the guy , the wife , Bobby , Joe , Betty , Veronica , wilma , olivia , mutt , etc . during the party , we occasionally see Don , in the b.g. , move in and out of frame , do the gesture or call '' here boy '' . don stand with some girl , he shout across the party to Bobby : don hey , mr. tongue , over here . ed & sue stand by themselves up against the wall , look . sue Ed , sweetie - I do not think we be in New York anymore . pete try to schmooze . CHRIS , a really nice look girl in every sense , what a smile , dress just right , definitely notches above the rest of they , shyly come up to he . CHRIS I just want to tell you how much I love you house . pete oh -- thanks -- we just rent it . CHRIS I love rent . it 's so much less hassle . I find this whole equity thing to be a real burden . they laugh . pete I be Pete . CHRIS hi Pete , I be chris. 70 . pete -- um , what do you do , Chris ? CHRIS I be a lawyer . pete oh , a entertainment lawyer . CHRIS no , sorry , just a corporate lawyer . pete ( perk up ) really ??! no , that 's terrific , really , you know , that you have a real job - that you be not in entertainment - it 's refresh -- um , why be you here ? CHRIS to be perfectly candid , I have ask myself that . they laugh . CHRIS ( cont would ) my friend janey bring I . pete & CHRIS she 's in entertainment . they laugh . CHRIS yes , she do something call - '' development '' . pete oh , I be often the victim of something call '' development '' . CHRIS it 's like what a editor do , if I understand correctly ? pete yeah , but for some reason no editor will do it , so it 's do by people with no imagination , literary background or reason to live . it 's exactly like need a doctor , so go to just anybody who pass biology . 71 . CHRIS oh that sound awful . my friend be really a very nice per -- pete I be only kid , it 's cool to knock everybody and everything around here - we all do it - actually , I do not always - I just feel the need to jump at the chance to be cool . CHRIS oh , thank you . pete sure - thank you for understanding that I be struggle to flatter you there . CHRIS wow , a need and a struggle - thanks again . I just move here , actually , I be sure soon I 'il start knock every -- pete where be you from ? CHRIS Chicago . pete wow , a nice mid-western girl . they seem smitten . betty , veronica , wilma , olivia , another girl & sue Sue stand nearby , listen to they chat , not yet part of it . another girl that guy over there have a big cock , that guy over there have a really small cock , so do that guy over there , oh there 's that guy who do the weather on channel four , there 's that guy that rape and murder jessica Black , oh and there 's that guy I fuck at my birthday party last week , I can not remember if he have a big cock , so he do not ... wilma notice Sue , bring she into the conversation . wilma hi. join we . 72 . betty Karen give that guy a blow job in the bathroom at uhh ... anyway , one of the bathroom , and she say he have the biggest cock she 's ever see . sue .-. I be sorry , accord to who ? betty Karen digman . sue can we trust Karen ? betty sure - I think - how do you mean ? sue well , do Karen digman know she cock ? very nice to meet all of you , by the way . see , here 's my point . if Karen 's only be with tragically small man , then she 's , in fact , poor Karen , whose notion of big cock be terribly awry . you see , I know you know what big cock be and I know I know what big cock be , but I do not know if Karen know what big cock be . before I heed Karen 's word , that 's something I would like to know . who amongst we need endure yet more disappointment ? Sue have really give Betty , Veronica , wilma , olivia and another girl something to think about . pete & CHRIS be get a drink together . ed & sue CHRIS that must be very exciting for you . wow , see something you write turn into a movie , I will bet you be nervous - and that 's such a great cast , you must have write a very good script . pete I hope so . CHRIS I have a feel it 's great . 73. sue oh , Ed honey , I be have so much fun - I just say '' cock '' ten time . dear Ed be so bewilder . don & jonathan be have a intense conversation . jonathan be a pretty actor . jonathan «+. I live here because I have to for my work . but I be not willing to give up my intellectual interest and concern . yeah , it 's hard live here , find people you can talk to about something other than act - the business , but I be lucky I have one or two friend who be intellectually stimulate , when I need to have a intellectual conversation , I have they ... Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete lie on the grass napping . we smash CUT back to scene . don uh-huh , I see . I be a Viking . jonathan .-. I mean , look , I be fortunate to get the education I get , I know that . study in Europe and all , it make it hard , hard to find people to have intellectual dialogue with ... don yeah , it 's hard be a Viking too . jonathan ... but my craft force I to be here and so here I must be and here I must stay until I get successful enough that I do not have to be here , they 's 1l fly I in , they 's 1l come to I ... don as a Viking I do not really have to be here . but you gotta love the weather . jonathan .»+. I do worry that be force to spend so much time with people who be not as educate and worldly as I may become too tedious after a while ... 74 . don I know what you mean , it 's impossible to find another Viking around here , sometimes I feel like I be really the only Viking in town . jonathan um , what ? don huh ? jonathan what be you say about Viking ? don no , I be just mention how I be one . jonathan what do you mean ? don nothing , I be a Viking so I be just say so . jonathan what do you mean you be a Viking ? don what do you mean , what do you mean I ’ma Viking ? jonathan you mean you be Greek or wherever Viking be from I forget ? don no I mean I be a Viking . I have a hat with horn on it , I be a warrior , I like to raid , loot , I be a excellent ship - builder . jonathan what do you mean ?! don I mean I be a Viking . we be talk about what we be - you be a smart person , I be a Viking . jonathan you be not a Viking . 75 . don how come you get to be a smart person , but I do not get to be a Viking ? jonathan because I be a smart person . don I be a Viking . jonathan I really be a smart person ! don I really be a Viking . jonathan do my intelligence threaten you ? because I be not stifling my will , I have opinion and -- don not at all . but - what be a Viking if not threaten , so you be surely and understandably ... but look , let I point out that I be willing to accept that you be a smart person , it 's you who will not accept that I be a Viking . jonathan you be not a Viking ! don then you be not a smart person . jonathan yes I be ! don now wait a cotton pickin’ minute here or as we say on the Viking vessel '' hold you horn '' , this be not go to work if you get to be what you want , but I do not get to be what I want . jonathan what be you talk about ?! don I be with you , I have much rather tell you I be a Viking than have to run around in that hat , schleppin 's a axe or sword around , seek adventure - I like it you way - just say you be whatever you 76 . want to be , that old - fashioned way of actually have to be something suck . jonathan I be sorry , it 's not my fault that I be educate in Europe and you be not . don look , first of all , very nice to meet you and I want my dog to meet you , please remind I to make the introduction . secondly , I think you be a hell of a guy and now , thanks to you tell I , I know you be smart , but , you do talk too much - now , I may not think Viking be Greek , but instead think they be scandinavian like a real american educate fool , but you do not know that I be not educate in Europe , I could be the one idiot with a european education , and you also do not know that I be not a Viking . jonathan yes I do . don no you do not . jonathan yes I do !! don no you do not . jonathan you be not a Viking !! don you be not a smart person . jonathan I be too a smart person !! don I be too a Viking . jonathan I know you be not a Viking , because ... don I know you be not a smart person , becau -- jonathan «+ . if you be a Viking , you would be a 77 . bingo . Don say nothing , he just look right at Jonathan and lay a a# 1 smirk / smile on he , as he nod . pete & CHRIS thing be go well with this two . they be on the couch talk , just the two of they , as the party go on around they . pete I 'il get we a couple more beer , be right back . off for beer , Pete make a detour to Don . pete ( cont would ) I have to talk to you . kitchen Don and Pete come busting in . there be other people there . don get out . everybody out , come on -- do not make I rape and murder you . they get out . pete I think I be in love . don that girl you have be talk to ?! she 's pretty ! pete she 's like no other woman I can remember meeting . she 's get the most beautiful eye and smile , she 's understanding , she 's caring , she 's -- don altogether wonderful , which be what I insist on for you , so get back to she before it get out there 's a bona fide fine and substantial woman at the party - oh , do not worry , we be in L.A. , no one will care . do I a favor , throw some beer in the cooler , I will check the bar . Don head out , Pete go to the refrigerator . 78 . al & ed ed I be never unhappy that I be marry . but if I ever be to be . ten minute at something like this would fix I right up . al yeah , uh-huh -- I keep mistake my wife for most every woman here . Al take out he phone make a call . ed now you be even . pete be walk around the party , obviously look for Chris . sue with all the joy and delight of a child with a new toy , bound up to three woman together , olga , masha and irina , and say : sue that guy over there have a big cock . olga that 's my husband . olga , masha and irina storm away . Sue have not quite get the hang of this , yet . pete be go through the house try to find Chris . he go down the hallway that he bedroom be on , open some door , come to he bedroom door , open it , there 's Chris and Bobby in he bed , under the cover . Pete freezes in shock . bobby Pete , please . Pete quickly shut the door , be a wounded man . al be by himself by the booze , Pete come rush up . pete get drunk with I , will ’ya ? 79 . al why ? pete you need a reason ? okay , as I come over here , a girl be point at you and say , '' there 's the phone guy , he 's get to have a small cock '' . Pete and Al hit the booze hard . some girl step up . some girl hi , could I have a cocktail ? vodka and cranberry , if you have it . Al make she a drink . CHRIS some girl ( cont would ) I just have a feel . my friend want to go to the caa party next , I could not wait to get to the rap party for the johnny depp movie , but then I just get this feel that the guy who rape and murder jessica Black party would be really rock right now , so here we be and I be right . you gotta know the order to hit the party - that 's everything -- everything . be leave with she friend janey , good - by to Don and Bobby . pete be still at the bar get drunk . Don gleefully step up . don you friend Chris just leave . pete uh-huh . don yup -- right after Bobby finish fuck she . she do not even give he she number . Boy , oh boy , that Bobby be not a pleaser - well , at least he get some . pete fuck you , Don , you know I like she ! I know he fuck she , I walk in on they ! you seem delighted ! 80 . don hey , Mr. generosity of spirit , we friend Bobby need that badly - and I be delighted . oh my God , you face - I be behind the curtain . Pete - fuck she ?? the guy want a new dick , no more erection for Bobby , ever . I want you to find she with Bobby mount she from behind , but I do not think it be right to ask she to drop she pants when we have just meet . I have very little time to get the joke go - she be terrific about it , by the way , I really like she . then it hit I , put they in you bed - that 's especially funny . she 's walk to she car , hurry - and you be a idiot , by the way . beat . Pete tear out of the house . ext . don & pete 's house - continuous Pete be run after Chris , scream she name over and over . Chris and janey be at they car down the street , they hear Pete and pause , Pete run up to they , he 's very out of breath . pete I have -- this very awful -- irredeemable -- evil -- best friend Don . CHRIS yes , we meet . pete yeah , anyway , he just now tell I about the - joke . I do not know until now ... CHRIS yes , that be the whole idea , I be in on the joke . remember ? I be one of the people under the cover . you be not suppose to know it be a joke - until now . Don also tell I that you really like I and repeat many nice - to-hear thing you say about I ... Pete 's embarrassed . CHRIS ( cont would ) '' + . he want to know if I like you too , because , he say , if I do not he have even be willing to sacrifice the joke so that you would have more time to '' work on '' I , as he put it . though he be worried you have 81 . joke '' route '' . then he go on to say many nice thing about you and why I should like you , too . I tell he he do not have to sacrifice the joke ... pete oh , um , I be sorry , he , uh , I -- ( suddenly realize ) you tell he not to sacrifice the jok -- that mean ... uh , uh , next Thursday be the uh premiere of my uh movi -- CHRIS I would love to . Chris smile . Pete 's happy . int . party / don & pete 's house - continuous Don be look out the door . once he see that Chris and Pete be fine , he go back to the party with a smile . Jan , Jen , jes and Joy be step away . don have you girl meet the man know only as - the tongue ? tongue , get over here . int . police station - day movie music plays . in a room in silence we see Louis , dreyfus , Captain abernathy , a d.a. ' 's office type and some guy in glass and rubber glove hold scissors and a clamp of sort stand over sit Don . the scissors guy extract a lock of Don 's hair , then put it in a plastic bag . obviously Don have be summon to provide a hair sample . this be very abasing for Don , Louis seem to be late for something , the other do they job . Don close he eye , we jump into Don 's head and see the guy do some more march to '' the ballad of the Green beret '' , only the song and the march pace be accelerate . ( the film be not fast motion , the guy actually march very fast . ) int . limousine - night the guy , Beth , Sue and Chris be in a limo , dress up . Don have bring along and be pour champagne . all be very , very happy and charge . it 's Pete 's big night , he movie premiere . sue it be so nice of the studio to send a limo . Mr. big shot . al premiere at the Academy be the biggest one 's . you enter on a red carpet and 82 . stop to talk to the press . it 's really a big deal , Pete . don be it just I or be not this thing hard to get in and out of ? CHRIS this be so exciting . the six o'clock news say the eleven o'clock news would be report from the premiere . don again , I be not get it , why travel this way if get in and out suck ? we leave on all they , except Don 's , joyful , optimistic face . ext . wilshire boulevard - later the gang from the limo walk wilshire all look as if they have just come from a funeral . a more broken- heart - look person you have never see , poor Pete actually look like he 's about to cry . Don be pinching he nose as one might if there be a awful stench about and remain pinching for the entire scene ; this , of course , affect he voice . don my God do that stink ! wooooo ! stinkerrrrr - stinker ! wooooo ! they have to go to extra trouble and expense to make a movie that bad . there 's no way a movie just end up that bad . it take someone make sure . in order for a movie to turn out as bad as this movie do , someone actually have to be give the specific job of see to it . someone literally have to be in charge of make the movie bad - for a movie to be as bad as this movie be . they actual , job description be to make sure the movie 's bad - this be harv , head of make movie bad -- ed alright don! don and what be everybody act so happy for afterward ? why would that big actor do this piece of shit and then act so fuck happy after see it ? well , at least we get rid of that impractical vehicle . 83 . ed Pete , you script be a lot better than that movie . Al pull he cell phone away from he ear to say : al yeah , Pete , I read the script a while ago but - what we just see , be that what you write ? pete ( word be not come ) I -- I -- I do not know -- I guess -- some of it . that -- be not what I have in mind . the funny part be serious , the serious part be funny , character that be intend to be real be ridiculous , so much be go , mix - u -- don stinkerrrrr - boy do that stink . I can not get over that everyone pretend it do not stink - do you get pay extra for that - be it possible they do not realize it ? and that director , he just direct the biggest piece of shit ever make and can a guy get any happier ? you know what it 's like ? it 's like be sentence to life in prison with no chance of parole and then have to write the judge a thank - you note . CHRIS I think it 's wonderful that it get make . and it 's a obvious compliment to you talent that so many important and talented people want to be involved with you script . don yeah , so , not even worth mention that it say write by you on the worst movie ever make since film begin . CHRIS and I think you friend should try and look at thing more positively - and you should definitely not listen to he . don this be I positive . 84 . pete ( lose it ) I worked so hard !!! don Pete , please behave , the check clear , do not they ? this be not no party , this be not no disco . always remember , slap a quick F on art , you get fart , baby . ed Don shut up - Pete , it 's you first movie , they will not all be like this . pete I care so much ! how do you go to the trouble of write something and not care about it ?! how do you not care ! CHRIS Pete , I overhear several people say very nice thing about the script . how it be so much better than the mov -- pete please , this be not what I want to be remember for . don come on , let 's hurry , we do not want to miss any of the enormous celebration commemorate this failure . finally , I know why I belong here . see , I get arrest for raping and murdering - I throw a party . Hollywood make a movie that watch will feel like be rape and murder and they throw a gala celebration . you would think people would be apologize , embarrassed , but no - rejoice . '' we have fail miserably - party ! '' '' we have insulted all of mankind - high - five ! '' '' we have project dim - wittedness onto a screen - drink be on I ! '' if this have be a wonderful film , that 's when we have fall into the serious depression , I guess - wait , one more , once , when I be baby - sit lily , she go to the bathroom and when she be finish , she make I come and look at what she have do in there - Hollywood 's take a shit . Pete can not take it anymore . 85 . pete let go of you nose ! and I be not go to the party . you go - I be not . al Pete , you should make a appearanc - - pete I do not care , Al ! I be go right home , I be lock myself in my room and I be not come out until I have write the biggest piece of shit screenplay that will ever be write ! Pete storm ahead . don it 's gonna be hard to beat this baby , but , boy will that be cause for celebration . int . don & pete 's house - day Don be on the phone . don .+. he have not come out of he room yet , Al , what do you want from I ?? ... okay , yeah , I guess we be just a couple guy who hole up in we room from time - to - time ... yes , he know we be celebrate he finish the worst script ever write - he 's look forward to it ... he assure I he have be finish and come out in time to meet at you office , in time to grab a drink before the reservation ... we appreciate how hard it be to get a table at this place , Al ... Al , you be on the phone , be happy ... look out the window , in immediate view be at least eight hundred thousand thing worth get violently nauseous over , yet it take Pete or I in we room , Al , to upset you . why be that ? this be all you do not understand ... int . al 's house - dusk Ed , Al , Don , and Pete enter Al 's plush house through the kitchen . Ed and Al be in suit have come from work . al thanks for let I stop home , this be the most uncomfortable shoe . don be anyone gonna even bother ask why he buy they then ? al I nil hurry , we will lose the table if we be late , I just want to check the mail , real quick . 86 . Al take a look at the mail on the kitchen counter , where there be also bag of grocery . ed six and a half day huh ? pete from '' fade in '' to '' the end '' . ed be it any good ? pete not at all . if I even slightly like something I write , I take it out . ed what 's it about ? pete it 's call , '' udder crap '' . it 's about this evil scientist who want to destroy the world so he spread this germ by infect cow cause this '' crap '' to grow inside and then come out of the cow 's udder , which go on to kill people mercilessly . so , Arnold schwarzenegger and he asian female or Hispanic female or African american female or aids victim side - kick must stop the bad guy - hey , where 's Beth ? from 0.s. we hear a female scream . the guy all look at each other with extreme concern , then dash out of the kitchen towards the scream . live room the guy stop and listen , now the scream , still 0.s. , be louder and clearly come from the bedroom . all look to Al with '' what do we do '' expression and then , '' it 's the bedroom , so you better go in alone , we will wait here and be there ina you need we '' expression . Ed , Don and Pete have very face . Al understand , unfreeze himself and charge door shut behind he . the scream stop . Ed , Don second if expressive in , the and Pete 87 . finally the door open , then a enormous bodybuilder - Mr. Universe , bill , sashays out buttone up he shirt . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete sit around , pass a bottle of scotch between they . we smash CUT back to scene . Ed and Pete 's mouth fall open , but no noise come out . Don can not help but guffaw a little as he expel in a high - pitch tone : don oh , shit -- get he , Ed . Al come out of the bedroom , break , stare at the floor . he walk directly out of the slide glass door into the back yard , he need to be alone . Beth be right behind he , close she robe ; she run to he and try to speak . her word be muffled through the glass . Bill step up to the guy . bill I be go to need to collect for the grocery . you guy want to cover that or should I get it from they ? Ed , Don and Pete 's hand dive into they pocket for money . later Ed and Pete sit with Al on the couch and attempt to be consol . Beth stand . Al 's head be in he hand . all be and all be awkward . Beth try to say something helpful . beth Al -- Al , I be sorry -- I do not know what 's get into I ... al the bodybuilder from the supermarket ! ! '' what 's get into you '' ??? you didn 's forget to pick up my dry-clean !!! would someone please get she away from I . i t Ed usher Beth away , into the bedroom , ad libbing something like , '' let I talk to you , Beth . let 's give Al a moment . '' pete Al , maybe we should leave , let you and Beth talk . al no ! I want to leave too . I just need a second , please . 88. pete can I get you something ? a drink ? some water ? let I get you some water ? Al nod . Pete move for the kitchen . kitchen Pete walk in and be immediately stop dead in he track , absolutely floor by what he see . don ( 0.s. ) «+ . you be kid ?! you ready for another beer , Bill ? pete donlililriiiyl Don and Bill sit at the kitchen table have a beer , chummy as could be . don hey Pete , get over here , you gotta hear this . Bill be a high level executive with a major ad agency , quit to deliver grocery because he have a fear of commitment and this job offer he the perfect social life -- pete Don ! Don ! what be you do ??!! don chatt with Bill . pete I be afraid you be go to have to leave , Bill . don ( to Pete ) throw he out -- ( sense Pete 's seriousness ) alright , maybe you better go , Bill - nice talk with you . Bill leave . Pete be really outrage by Don . pete you go too far sometimes ! this be too insensitive . what 's the matter with you ? one of you very close friend need you . 89 . don let 's be honest , I be the last thing he need right now . pete why be you so hard on he ?! don I be not . I care about he , so I do not go easy on he , so that maybe he will not make a lot more stupid mistake like marrying Beth . pete you treat Ed like he be gold . don Ed be gold . Ed be forgivable like a dog or child , I have be a complete stinker if I do not recognize that . I do not want to be a complete stinker . pete well you be get dangerously close ! it 's as if you feel you must be unattractive , or do you really draw the line nowhere ?! do you really have complete disregard for people 's feeling ?! don hey , Al be in the other room -- pete you new buddy just fuck the wife of one of you best friend - maybe he should not be invite into the fraternity ! don I do not care that Beth fuck the delivery guy - there 's a lot of reason why that might happen . I care that she 's not nice to Al . you call this a bad thing ? someone at last learn the truth - now it 's up to he whether he want to be a schmuck or not - instead of have it impose on he . when you get marry , I hope you marry someone heavenly , as you deserve , and if you be so fortunate , I will think you irredeemable if you do not absolutely cherish she in every way - the truth do not kill ’ya - just suck - now let 's cheer up Al -- and stop talk so much . Don stomp into the live room , Pete be right behind he . live room Don and Pete join Ed and Al on the couch . Don slap Al 's knee . don how ’ya doin 's buddy ? Al can only try and smile . don ( cont have ) you know , life really be nutty -- if you be to survey guy and ask they what 's the worst thing that could happen ? walk in on you wife get nail by a bodybuilder would have to take first prize . you get it , the brass ring of awful thing . death be bett -- ed , al & pete don !!! don so he really know it 's gonna be smoother sailing from now on ! there 's comfort in that . there 's no way this could ever happen twice . you might get strike by lightning twice , but nobody 's wife fu - - al fuck you , Don . it 's not always funny . sometimes joke be inappropriate . you be not always allow to make joke . this be not funny -- don if it be funny , I would not make joke . pete uh-uh - no , no , no ! you behave right - god-damn it ! Pete actually shove Don , hard , more than once . he 's seriously angry . Ed can not believe what 's go on , he get between they . ed stop it ! what 's happen ??!! pete I be not know somebody that behave like he do ! ed 90 . 91 . this be get serious . Don realize it , maybe even get a little defensive . don you forgive you paltry Hollywood existence where people take a shit on that which you put you heart into and then you say thank you very , very much , but I you have no forgiveness for ?! ed don-- pete no forgiveness for yo i be to forgive you ! I have just like more from a friendship ! do not you fuck get bored be forgiven so much ?! 1 ? ? to know you , don Al learn something today and now he -- al but it be not a fun lesson , Don ! it be painful ! it hurt I what I learn today , so my friend be concerned about that and they be focus just on that , nothing beyond , just on my pain and they caring be nicer to have than not to have - you see how that work ?! don Al , Beth -- Al charge Don to actually fight with he , to actually hurt he . Ed pull he off . al no not beth - I !!! just I !! it do not matter if I ask for it or be stupid or anything else !! all that matter be that it hurt - I !! I never want a wife that cheat on I !! I never want a best friend how be a accuse murderer and rapist , but I deal with it !! why can not you deal with it ?!! this be too much for you to handle ?!! be I be a burdensome friend right now ?!! let I tell you , it 's great have a friend that 's a accuse murderer and rapist !! ed please let 's not do this !! why be we Don leave . al he 's all bullshit ! you be all bullshit ! now you be all bullshit ! you use to be only some bullshit and different kind , some funny bullshit , some charming bullshit , some bright bullshit , some forgivable bullshit - now there 's nothing but just plain bullshit ! don I get it -- take it easy . recover and ponder . silence . ext . sunset boulevard - night Don pull he car over to the curb , a woman , a prostitute , ginger , wear not much , tight clothing bend over and poke she head into the passenger side of the car . open the door illuminate the interior light . int . don 's car as Ginger arrive in the car , she glance at don. she do . ginger hi baby -- hey , floyd lloyd !!! don shut the door please . they drive on . ginger wow , floyd Lloyd ! I love that show , you crack I up on that show . wait , do not you also murder and rape jessica Black ? maybe you better pull over ! don wait , no -- Ginger pull out a knife . this be all in a day 's work for ginger I be tell you pull over !! I x11 slice you and start scream '' rape '' - you will not get two block ! Don pull over . as she go to flee , Don make a plea . 92 . once he 's go , the rest of the guy attempt to after a moment she she . 93. don please do not leave , I will pay you whatever you like , we can stay right here , I do not rape or kill anyone ! she reconsider . ginger we can stay right here ? don I be turn off the car . okay , everyone relax , take a pause . don ( cont have ) so , how 's business ? ginger when I can stay out of jail it 's okay . don yeah , same for I . this make Ginger laugh . ginger it must be great be on tv . don -- yeah . ginger what 's it like ? don -- it 's like you imagine . ginger yeah , same for I . this make Don laugh . don do you ever meet anyone nice do what you do ? ginger not really . they be not all awful . don it 's amazing how much we life have in common . 94 , ginger I guess you be okay - you want a blow job or something ? don no thanks - I mean yes , I want a blow job . that 's the world 's stupidest question if you ask I . the first thing I want to do after I get a blow job be get a blow job - and I be sure a blow job from you would not change my high opinion of blow job , but -- let 's just not . I be gonna pay you anyway - whatever you want . let 's just keep try to make each other laugh for a while . I x11 tell you secret about famous people . ginger do you kill jessica Black ? don -- no. ginger be you go to go to jail for kill she ? don hope not . ginger that would suck . I go to jail pretty often - for a night - even a night really suck . don yeah , I have be go for a lotta night -- if jail suck and you go to jail pretty often , um , uh ... ginger yeah , the job suck too . you gotta work though . don could not you do something else ? ginger I do not need to be save . don oh -- that 's where we be different . 95 . ginger this be what I find myself do . it 's work , I be happy to say I have excellent credit ... don yeah , same here . ginger .»». yeah , it 's my job to get you off , maybe that 's not for everybody , we can not all be tv star . don I go to work , do what they ask of I , if all go well , you sit at home and - I - get you off . ext . mulholland ( blue jay way ) - night Don sit on the hood of he car look out over the city . he 's put a dent in a bottle of scotch . suddenly , expressionless , he rise , walk to the edge , then scream as hard and loud and desperately as one could , then scream some more . don ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! III ith ! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhe ! ! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! III ith ! int . canter 's delicatessen - night it 's after two in the morning , the bar be close , so canter 's be transformed from a New York style deli into the place where L.A. 's night life participant hang out . the place be hopping with the severest look rock and roll type the world have to offer - and Don , who sit alone drink coffee look sad . soon , Amy , not a rocker , the cute woman who ask for Don 's autograph in the elevator , stand at he table . she have small , real breast . amy don hi , look , I do not know if you want a autograph or to say you talk to jessica Black 's killer or to spit on I , laugh at I or what , but -- amy I want to buy you breakfast . 96 . don oh , that 's very nice , thank you , but , right now , I have love to just be alon -- amy you look so sad . I be sure I can cheer you up . if nothing else , you will find I irritate , which will also work to take you mind off you trouble . Don smile , laugh a little , Amy sit down . amy ( cont would ) I be Amy . I ’ma big fan . I love you show . don really ? you seem kinda bright . she laugh . she have a nice laugh . amy you do not like be on television ? don um , it 's not that so much as ... um -- I be not do with my - '' act '' what I intend to . acting can very gratify - - it have not be lately . amy I think I understand . I think you be be hard on yourself . you shine , you have a sparkle on the show that the material can not diminish . you actually make the show okay . don oh -- well , I mean , I do not know , whatever , thank you - do you want something ? amy yes. don ( call off ) dear . same - later Amy have have something to eat . amy Excuse I while I go to the restroom , I ’1ll be right back . dear step up to take the plate . dear be she finish ? don yes , dear , I believe so . dear she 's a very nice girl . don yeah , I have like she more if she do not eat jelly with she lox and bagel , that I find a little concern , but yeah . dear let she eat jelly with lox if she 's a nice person . she come in here a lot - very nice girl . don yeah , I think so too - she be , yeah - thanks - dear . ext . canter' parking lot - night Don see Amy to she car . this be a kinder , gentler don. don .»-. I be glad you come over -- uh - uh -- you know , I have a thing go on - some trouble at the moment - I understand if ... I have like to see you again , but -- amy I know all about you - '' thing '' . I do not care at all . get in . don what ? amy get in my car . I want to take you somewhere . you can leave you car here . they get into Amy 's vw bug. 98 . ext . blue jay way - night the fame parking spot that overlook the Valley glitter beneath . Don and Amy , in the bug , be park here . int . bug Don and Amy be not enjoy the view , they be smooching - and pretty well , they could use a bigger car , but they be like smooching each other . suddenly , most uncharacteristically , Don pull away . don can I just tell you something ? amy do not take long . don um , I be so glad I meet you . uhhh , I be feel stuff I have never feel before - bad stuff - I do not know I have that kind of stuff in I . then you pop up , now I be feel other stuff I be not use to feel -- I guess all I want to say be -- I be have a nice time . be that Don who just say that ? murder and rape charge can have a effect on a guy . amy ohhh , I too -- you be much nicer than jessica Black - I mean , I only compare you ' cause you be both star - you be very nice period . freeze , pause . then : don do you know jessica Black ? amy not really . I try to get to know she . don -- when ? amy the night she die . the uneasiness increase in Don . don you be the -- 99 . amy I work at the hotel . I be work the coat room for the party . don -- oh , I see . so , you '' try to get to know she '' , like when she be check she co -- amy no , she do not check a coat -- but she be in the coat room - well , you know . don Amy , do you know something ? amy yeah - everything . a distinct thickness consume . don do you know who kill she ?? amy uh-huh . don who ?? amy me. ... Don be paralyze and mute and can not do anything about it . amy ( cont would ) .+. I be so sorry , Don . try to get to know she , be how I end up kill she , I do not plan on kill she or want t-- ext . blue jay way - continuous Don jump out of the car . Amy follow , call after he . he 's try to flash into he head , blink mightily repeatedly . amy .-. I never mean for you to get into trouble . this be really why I approach you - I mean , I really be a big fan - honest , you biggest , have always want to meet you - well , since I see the show , but I have be actually try to talk to you lately , for a while now , I have even be follow you , when I can , but it 's 100 . whole trouble with jessica start , when I have a opportunity to be alone with she ... scare , sicken and more , Don try to flee , where to ? she come after he . don ( to himself ) and my mother be only worried I would do drug if I move here . amy .-. well , I should not call she jessica , it 's not like I really know she , people do that a lot , refer to people as if they know they , when they do not , I be so embarrassed . anyway , I just feel so bad , I just would never want anyone to take the blame for something I do ... he 's keep distance between they . he speak very cautiously . don but -- I be -- take the blame for something you do . amy and I feel so bad about it Don , I really do . I want to try to make it up to you . don well -- be there anything you can do ? amy I do not know - I really want to - can you think of anything ? don well -- since you do it -- you could tell they that you di -- amy then I would go to jail . I do not want to go to jail , Don . I do not want you to go to jail either . besides , it would not be enough for I to just tell the police I do it , I have have to prove it ... Don be very scared and confuse and shocked and full of wonder over how the fuck he get this life . amy ( cont would ) .+. we can talk about it . let 's get out of here . my car be no fun to make - out 101 . in . I be look around for something bigger ... int . pete 's car - night Ed , Al and Pete drive along ; each still disconcert . pete Boy , quite a day - quite a lately . how you hold up , Al ? shall we get another drink somewhere ? ed should we just check on Don ? al I do not care about don. ed just to make sure he 's okay . pete he 's not home , I just try , but the hell with he . int . amy 's apartment - night Don and Amy come walk in . Don be try so hard to seem normal , but he 's never keep company with a murderer before and be very uncomfortable to say the least . the apartment be not nice . she 's make some effort , but all the furniture look like it come from or should go to the salvation Army . nothing nice about the neighborhood . she 's obviously live on a budget . it 's a small one bedroom , open kitchen in the live room . it 's in one of that building where all the unit 's front door be along a outside walkway on one side of the structure , two or three identical floor , each apartment the same , like a motel . amy make yourself at home . don okay , yeah , thanks , um , yeah , okay - nice place ... amy oh , thanks - be you okay ? you be not afraid I would hurt you ? I be just kissing you . I can not imagine you do anything that would make I want to hurt you , Don . I do not want to hurt jessica . just relax and make yourself at home ; the hotel do not pay that well , but I think 102 . don oh , yeah - uh , y-y - you make tip though , right ? amy yeah , that 's where you make most of you money . that night I be work the coat room , the night you be there ... don the - night - jessica Black be - kil -- amy yeah , the night I kill she , that be a okay night - for the coat room . I do not know , you do not usually do that well in the coat room . because of the weather , I guess coat be not that popular in l.a . but can I tell you something , Don ? do not get offended - actor be lousy tipper . very cheap . you would not think so since so many of they have be waiter before - you know ? but yeah , very cheap . don um , um , Amy , would you mind ... could you tell I ... be it alright if I ask you - how - and why - you kill jessica Black ? amy sure . you want something to drink ? don no thanks . amy I do not want to kill she , I want to talk to she , get a autograph for my Mom , tell she how much I truly and deeply admire she work , see what she be like - seem fair enough to I . my shift be over , the next girl have not show up yet , she 's always late , and I need to use the restroom badly , so I leave the coat room unmanned and hurried , when I come back I notice that you and jessica be in the back . I be surprised at first , but then , wow , two of my favorite star fuck each other , so I snuck in and hide amongst the coat - I could have sung a song and you would not have notice - I be right next to you . don 103. amy so you leave she there to sleep on the floor - remember ? don yes -ye -ye - she tell I to ... amy yeah , so when you leave , there I be alone with jessica Black , I could not believe it , the next girl still have not show up , but like I say my shift be over and she 's always late and I do not want work to get in the way of my time with jessica , so I run and clocked out , and clocked the other girl in , so ifa manager come by and see no one stand there , since I know I be go to be in the back on the floor with jessica , the other girl would get in trouble , not I . so then I run back to be all alone with jessica , which be something I have dreamt of happen - and grant I have to wake she up , but still , I be very nice - why be not she ? how do someone get to be a murderer , how do someone get to be a shit ? that 's what I remember think the whole time right up to when I start strangling she . don huh -- you be able to kill she with you bare hand ? amy I be very strong . I go to the gym a lot . I be a really good softball player - you want to go to bed ? I be pretty tired . don um , um , um , Amy , I do not know if it 's such a great idea that we sleep together . I mean , we just meet . I think I have be a little uncomfortable sleep with you on the first date - I mean , the girl you think you may really like , you like to wait a little before sleep with . amy oh , Don , that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever ... she kiss he . 104 . amy ( cont would ) the truth be , Don , I do not think I would let you make love to I tonight . I just think we have cuddle . don Amy , I be not super human , I get into bed with you , I be gonna wanna do more than cuddle . amy I do not want you to go home . don uh , yeah -- the truth be I can not really go home , I have a little fall out with my roommate - I could go to a hotel ... amy I want to make you breakfast in the morning and then I want we to spend the day together . we need to figure out how I can help you with you - '' thing '' . don oh , yeah , well -- I could sleep on the couch . I be fine on the couch . it 's the best idea . you may need to lock you door - I hope there be not a axe around , if there be I may use it on the door . Amy laugh , Don pretend to laugh along . suddenly , Amy have a flash which get she very excited . amy oh , Don !! there 's just one thing we have to do before we go to bed ! CUT to : same - moment later Don and Amy be sit on the couch watch tv . the room be dark except for the illumination of the television . they be watch '' life 's a Gas " , which we only hear . another character ( v.o. ) ... where be you ? floyd / don ( v.o. ) down here , in the well . another character ( v.o. ) how would you get down there , floyd ? 105 . floyd / don ( v.o. ) uhhhh , be that one of they philosophical question ? someone must have wish I well -- Nah , that would never happen . we hear uproarious alleged audience laughter , which be nothing compare to the laugh Amy 's do . we watch they watch . amy this be something else I have dreamt of - actually watch '' life 's a Gas '' with floyd Lloyd . don y-y - you have every episode on tape - truly ?? no answer , she 's rivete to the tv . another character ( v.o. ) floyd there 's no ladder around , there 's no way to get you out . floyd / don ( v.o. ) okay , I 'il just stay down here the rest of my life then - bye . we hear yet more extreme , undeserve can , or idiot 's laughter . Don close he eye , we flash into he head and see Ed , Al , Don and Pete march , but he 's snap out of it by Amy 's loud hysterical laughter and unbridle adoration which come with , '' oh you be so funny '' shove and slap , etc . another character ( v.o . ) .-. do not worry ! I x11 go get help . floyd / don ( v.o. ) okay , great - you know what would be great down here ? a pet fish . same - later the light and the tv be off , street light beam through the window . Amy must be in the bedroom , the door be shut , Don keep look at it nervously . Amy have nicely make up the couch for Don . he lay on it with he hand behind he head , wide awake , a person can not get more awake . he try to relax , but he 's just about hyper-ventilate . many time he shut he eye tight try to go into he head - no dice . he snap to a sit position , calm himself , lay back down , this happen a few time . eventually he get up and go rush into the kitchen , quietly start look for something , open drawer , etc. , make some racket by mistake , from the bedroom Amy call out : 106 . amy ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? don just get a little snack . amy ( 0.s. ) you want I to get it for you ? don no , I be fine . amy ( 0.s . ) okay , help yourself . Don find what he 's look for , a large knife . he go to leave the kitchen , then realize something , whisper to himself . don better get some food . open the refrigerator , scan , pull out a log of raw chocolate chip cookie dough , take the knife and the dough to the couch , spend a lot of time arrange the placement of the knife so it 's in arm reach with the dough nearby so it look like the knife be there to cut the dough , as he lay down , try to sleep , keep reach for the knife , etc . int . ed , al & pete 's home - early morning they be on the phone with each other . they be worried . pete +. I have not hear from he ... ed «+. I neither ... al «+ . I neither ... pete , ed & al .-. what should we do ? ... int . amy 's apartment - early morning Amy walk out of the bedroom into the live room freshly shower , wear she robe with she hair in a towel turban . amy Pov - don sit on the couch , all dress and ready , the bedding neatly fold , a enormous smile force on he face . he clearly have not be to sleep . 107 . back to scene amy do you sleep well ? don oh , yeah , great couch . she give he a kiss . he 's not very comfortable with all this kissing a murderer . amy what 's wrong ? don nothing ! nothing . amy what would you like for breakfast ? and what should we do today ? don um , Amy , I wonde -- amy you be cancel we day together ? don no! no! absolutely not ! not for anything ! it 's just this have all pop up so unexpectedly . I have a couple thing I really need to do , could knock ‘em off in a couple , three hour - could we hook up later ? give I the morning . int . police station / detective 's room - morning desk and ringing phone . Ed , Al and Pete arrive , see detective dreyfus at she desk , go over . pete you have to help we , please . dreyfus what can I do ? I would help if I could . ed there must be something you can do . something you have not try . look harder . dreyfus I appreciate that you care about he , I really do . I do not know what else to do . 108 . int . pete 's car - a little later Ed , Al and Pete drive along solemnly and silently . int . police station / detective 's room - a little later Don be with detective dreyfus at she desk . she be look through a open file folder . don «+. I guess you do not hear I . I know who the real killer be . I get she . I apprehend the killer . she confess to I . be there a reward , by the way ? I guess my work here be do . there 's other dangerous lawbreaker out there in need of captur -- dreyfus yes , we interview you Amy , another detective take she statement , she be the coat check girl on duty that nigh -- don right , right , like I say . dreyfus yes , she be there , work , but unlike you , she be not see in the vicinity of the murder at the time of the murder , in fact , she shift have end , she have already clocked out . she have no motive , no connection , tell we nothing that be not in the papers - I be sorry , I just need the killer , it 's okay if it 's not you . in fact , I would not mind at all if it be not you , okay ? don she confess ! dreyfus to you . twenty - three people have confess to the rape and murder of jessica Black to I . the department , at last count I hear , have take over three hundred confession . regardless - no confession matter without evidence . don she describe what happen to I in great detail ! dreyfus a murder take place in the coat room where a girl work , the newspaper cover the story thoroughly , I be sure she have no trouble come up with a convincing tale . don now look , the killer have come forward . not only do I not do it , but we know who do - you have pretty eye by the way - now arrest she and un - charge I . dreyfus there 's no evidence link she - thank you - evidence be key , we have to have it . we do not choose you . it 's not that we think that show you be on be for idiot , well , yes we do , but that 's not why we arrest you . we have evidence , lot of it . we have to arrest you . int . don & pete 's house - day Don come slowly walk in , he 's run out of fight . also not look good , be work on he lap top in the room . when he see Don , he stand . they do not look at other , it 's very uncomfortable for they both . don hi. pete hi. pause . don I , I -- have a problem . pete I be sorry ?? don I , I do not know what to do . I find the killer - well , she find I . pete you find the killer ?? you know who kill jessica Black ??? don yeah . pete 109 . Pete , live each 110 . don I do . it 's not enough . pete what do you mean ?? how do you know who the killer be ??? don she tell I . pete she tell you ??! the killer ??! in person ??! she be like close enough to touch you ??! don oh , we have get very close , very quickly . pete what crazy thing be you do , Don ??! don I be just try not to be a rapist and murderer -- she tell I all about how she do it - what should I do ? pete will she tell the police ??? don that part 's still up in the air . int . ed & sue 's house - day Ed , Al and Pete be confer in the live room . ed what do you mean he 's have lunch with she at the ivy right now ?? al have he go more insane ?? ed why be not he with the police ?? pete he go to the police , there 's nothing they can do , there 's no evidence , she just admit it to Don . her name be Amy . 111 . al Don be have lunch with a murderer , name Amy , at the ivy ?? pete we need to get she to go to the police and turn herself in or something . ed how ?? al maybe if we take she to spago for dinner . ed what do she want ? Pete do not know . al weekend at the ritz carlton in laguna . pete look , I do not know what to do . al he actually come to you and tell you ? Pete nod . they all stand , head toward the door with urgency . al ( cont would ) I be still livid . the guy be inexcusable and unforgivable . pete I feel like I have high blood - pressure I be so piss off at he . ed ivy on the shore or Robertson ? ext . ivy - day Don and Amy occupy a table on the patio ( of the ivy on Robertson ) . famous people be sprinkle about . amy .-. this be so nice . and so extravagant , Don , I feel like a princess . don only the best for you . amy 112 . the waiter step up and correctly wait to be acknowledge . he can only wait so long though , of course . don in which case , perhaps a light lunch would be advisable -- Amy , um -- to be completely honest with you - please do not get offended or react in any kind of big way - but -- uh -- I ama little uncomfortable with the whole you have murder thing ... amy what do you mean ? don it 's just -- sleep with a killer - I be sure you be not suppose to do that . I hope you understand . waiter May I start you off with something to drink this afternoon ? don give we a few more minute please . the waiter leave , he hear this sort of stuff daily . amy you be very concerned with suppose to 's , be not you ? don it play a role in my life , let I cut myself a little slack when it come to other thing . amy but it 's okay to a cop a feel of a killer 's tit ? don well , come on ame , I be , you know , into the moment - and besides , yours be real ... amy oh , that 's not so unusual . don you kid ? the nun have fake breast in this town -- and original screenplays . it be like come upon a dinosaur , there 113 . besides , I do not know you be a murderer then - remember ? amy so last night when you say you do not want to sleep with I because you think you might really like I , that be all bullshit ? don no , not completely . you be cute . amy if you like I , then that 's all that should matter . maybe in time something will develop between we . don I do not have a lot of time , ame . ed ( 0.s. ) May we join you ? Don look with a start . Ed , Al and Pete be stand at the table . Don be touch , but of course fight show it . it 's a little uncomfortable for all the guy , but there 's a important matter at hand . all greet and introduce . Al be on he phone . bigger table - moment later they do lunch . Ed , Al and Pete try to help . they have never eat lunch with a murderer before . Al 's still on he phone . amy «+ . I remember you guy from that night , you do not check coat , but I see you . he be on the phone then , too . Ed give Al a '' get off the phone '' look . Pete say it as discreetly as possible : pete could you get off the phone ?? Al hold up a finger , ask for a moment , soon he do lay the phone on the table . al I be very sorry , that be very rude , excuse I - so , where ’ya from , Amy ? amy I be a native . 114 . don I do not know that . a bear and raise Los angelito - you wear it well , ame . Ed , Al and Pete vigorously agree . Al drop he fork . al shit - oh excuse my language - ame . at a loss for what to say next , uncomfortable silence . pete so , you hail from right here in the City of angel , ame . that 's very interesting . it 's be about a year for we . al yeah , finally start to feel like I know my way around . so ame , um , Don tell we you - murder jessica Black ... amy yes , I wish it have not come to that , but yes , that 's what end up happen . ed y-y - you never know what unexpected occurrence might - occur - in a day . don I hope you do not mind my tell they ... amy no - no , that 's okay , I know they be you best friend . pete ame , how would you feel about we tell the police you do it ? amy you do not like I , I think we be get along well ... ed no ! ame , no ! it 's not that ! it 's just we first allegiance be to Don , we have all know each other since we be child ... amy I understand . if I confess , I will go to jail ... 115 . ed but Don -- amy May go to jail . Don can afford a effective lawyer , Don can prove it be not premeditate , Don will have fan in the jury box or juror with child or friend who be fan , Don 's time in prison would be nicer than my time . I have to confess , they have to prove Don do it , so he may not go to prison and then everything work out great for everybody . the guy look to each other , they be stump . ed oh boy . al ame , can you ... would you mind tell we what happen ? amy oh , sure . I do not start off want to kill she . you see , what happen be ... ext . police station - night dreyfus walk out of the police station after a hard day 's work . Don emerge from the shadow and approach . don hi. dreyfus squint to see who 's talk . Don 's still some foot away and not in the light . he continue to walk toward she . don ( cont have ) it 's Ken , barbie 's friend . she see who it be , perhaps be a bit surprised . Don be feel rather sensitive lately , he react with real concern : don ( cont have ) do I scare you ??!! you be not scared of I , be you ??!! I be ... I be ... I would not ... ev -- dreyfus I could not see you . you never scare I , you just piss I off . if you scared I , I would just beat you up and shoot you -- can pause . 116 . don I be sorry I make fun of you breast -- first time I see you all I want to do be go to bed with you , you want to arrest I . Truth be , I have come to want more than to just get you in bed - that do not happen often - never - you still want I to get fuck by man in prison - that hurt a little -- last night I be kissing this girl when I really want to be kissing you . I may be go to prison , for I do not know how long , and I be spend some time think about you ... dreyfus I be really do everything I c-- don honestly , all I want be to tell you that . Don turn and walk away . int . pete 's car - night Ed , Al and Pete drive along . al today at lunch , I apologize for say the dirty word '' shit '' , in front of a murderer . ed there 's get to be something we can do . pete you would sort of think find the actual killer would be enough . al -- what if Amy do not do it ? ed what do you mean ? al we do not know she do it . she tell we she do , she story seem real , so we believe she - but , well , let 's face it , we want to believe she . 117 . pete this really be not suppose to happen . you get old one day . Old like when you be a kid you never think you would . so you rise to the occasion , you realize stuff like parent die , you have to make a live now . then people get marry - you realize you be old enough to get marry - unbelievable . kid come , you can even afford to have they , there 's a wife there to go with they , why not , the way it 's suppose to be , I be old enough to be do this . rise to the occasion . we be adult . we know some personal tragedy could pop up now , divorce , death -- but not people you love go to jail for rape and murder - that never occur to you as a possibility - that 's not on the list of shit that may happen . silence . don 's head Ed , Al , Don and Pete do all the thing we have see , from Don 's head , in fast motion ( where the film be actually speed up ) . Don 's head be suddenly interrupt when we hear : dreyfus ( 0.s. ) hey . and we smash CUT to : ext . pool / don & pete 's house - day Don open he eye with a start from be interrupt . he lie motionless on that raft in the pool . the sky look very violent , a thunder and lightning storm be poise to strike . ominously , dreyfus be at the pool 's edge . don can not beat the weather here -- I be not go with you . you can send the entire police force in here , nobody 's get I out of this pool . I be on television - I get to lounge in the pool - that 's what celebrity be , people who lounge in pool . if I be suppose to be punish , God can punish I right here . I do not know what I have do , but if I have do something wrong , I 'il accept my lump - like a man - right here - no one 's get I out of the pool . Thunder clap prophetically . this be dangerous , he should get out . dreyfus do you do it ? Don start to cry . don you mean that matter ? do I do it ? I be truly someone who do not care what people , any person , think and I can not bear that someone I 'il never meet think there 's a chance I might have . do I rape and / or murder somebody , anybody ? of course not . I could not ... it 's not poss -- inconceivable , absolutely incon -- I - - Don 's have horrible trouble let himself get it out . dreyfus why not ?! you tell I ! you could not rape and murder ?! tell I why ! tell I !! don because it 's wrong to ! why do you think I find everybody so unforgivable - right and wrong be just common sense ... get off he raft , deliver the follow stand in the pool . don ( cont have ) '' +. I can tell someone they be beautiful , when in fact it 's best to wait a hour after meal before view they - if that 's what they need , I could do that . I can tell someone they be good , when they be single - handedly responsible for make God feel like a failure - I could do that - and even will . if someone need to be smart , when the most painfully obvious thing on earth be that they be not ? i’1l1 tell they they be everyday . I could . but I can not rape and / or murder , I can not say I do and I can not be punish for it - that I can not do , could never do , not for anyone , because it 's wrong to . pause . more thunder and lightning . Don get back on the raft . don ( cont have ) nothing 's get I out of this pool . 118 . 119 . suddenly the pool skimmer scoops he head and pull all of Don to the edge of the pool . dreyfus , drop the skimmer , bend down , grab Don by the hair , yank he out of the pool and manhandle he into a patio chair . he ad lib '' hey ! '' and '' ow ! '' . forcefully , she take he hand and place they profoundly on she breast ( over she shirt ) . dreyfus Real , you son of a bitch ! not even a little fake - enhance in no way whatsoever ! that 's all , she throw he hand away and walk for the door . Don reach out for the breast that have just leave he hand . don and winner . at the door , dreyfus stop and turn back to don. dreyfus you make that show you be on watchable . you friend have I listen on the other end of he cell phone during the lunch you have with '' ame '' ... don ( to himself ) Al . dreyfus ... that be enough for I to get a search warrant . she 's confess everything . we find a locket of jessica Black 's hair she take , a autograph she make she write as she be choke she and the hotel uniform she be wear with jessica 's vomit on it - that she purposely have not wash - very amazing what can become a trend - anyway , you be clear of all charge . oh , but regardless of all that , she detailed description of how you make love and the size of you penis , make so much sense , she be definitely there . good thing she 's go to jail - you do not want she free to spread this information . you have nice friend - how the fuck do that happen ? dinner , tomorrow , patina , eight o'clock - sharp . dreyfus walk out . 120 . int . don & pete 's house - night Ed , Al , Pete , Sue , lily and Chris wait in the live room . there 's a joy about they , they know the good news . al . -- he 's with the dog again ???! pete yes , Al ! ed he yell out that he ’1ll be in soon . calm down , Al ... we hear a door open and mutt scurries out follow by Don , who hold up a finger ask for patience , then snap he finger and point to Al , mutt go over , then Don tug on he own ear , mutt say : mutt sorry . all be amaze . Don hold up the finger again , all calm down , then Don again snap he finger and point to Ed . mutt go over , Don tug on he ear , mutt say : mutt ( cont would ) sorry . same thing with Pete . Don tug on he ear , mutt say : mutt ( cont would ) sorry . all be touch and impressed . Don hold up the finger again , he would like a moment . clear he throat . don -- that go double for I . all be terrifically amaze , they try to rise to come to Don , but he stop they with the finger . he disappear for a moment and return with a brand new set of berthas ( golf club ) ina beautiful bag with a big red ribbon on it . he give they to Al . don ( cont have ) here , I find this . all gush a little , maybe hug some , kiss from the girl for Don , Don try to play it all down of course . Pete run to the refrigerator and get a bottle of champagne . lily 121 . once lily be go , Al release something on he mind . al okay , you do not murder jessica Black , you do not rape jessica Black , but you do fuck jessica Black - and that 's how you semen sample match - right ? don right . I have a feel they just assume she be rape because they find she murder , freshly fuck and wear no panty , but I be not gonna say anything . pete why not ?? don they hurt my feeling -- and what difference do it make - '' oh no , police officer , she be not rape and murder she be fuck and murder and I only do the fuck part '' . al what about all that people who see you chase she ? don I love that part . that fifteen prominent member of the community who see I chase she , but miss she shouting , '' chase I , floyd ! chase I , floyd ! '' - if they think she be be '' chase '' , why do not they do anything ? ed floyd ? don this be the wackiest part of all , she 's a big fan of the show - honest - bigger than ame - I could not believe it either . she whisper to I at the bar to wait a minute and then follow she outside ... flashback - int . century plaza HOTEL ballroom / bar - night in silence we see jessica Black whisper in Don 's ear , same as from the beginning . 122 . back to scene don .-.- so I follow she . as soon as I get out of the ballroom ... flashback - int . century plaza HOTEL / outside ballroom - night in silence we see the action take place that Don describe , but the voice remain at Don 's house , as he continue in voice over . don didn ’t ( cont would ) ( v.0 . ) .+.- she grab I and kiss I , then do the chase thing like a real sloppy idiot - run away from I holler ... we see she lip move , but the voice be donus . don ( cont would ) ( v.0 . ) ... '' chase I , floyd ! chase I , floyd ! '' I do not want to , but no matter how big a tard she be , there be no way I be pass on fuck jessica Black . so she drag I into the coat room and proceed , take off she panty , shove ‘em in my pocket , '' hold this '' , she say - that remind I , I want that panty back - all the while go - get this ... Don and jessica Black be in a heat embrace , she 's unzipping he pants , etc . her lip move and Don 's mouth form the word in unison , as Don continue . don ( cont would ) ( v.0o . ) ( cont would ) ... '' fuck I , floyd ! fuck I , floyd ! '' I say , '' May I speak ? you can not be serious , you watch ' life 's a Gas ' ??! " . '' Love it , never miss it '' . '' you be a idiot '' , I tell she . back to scene don ... when we be through , she tell I to leave she there , she want to take a nap . I say , '' get a room , we be at a hotel '' , she say she do it all the time , nap in every coat room in town . so , I leave . she do not ask for ‘em and I forget about she panty -- pretty anticlimactic end to a story , huh ? 123 . pete yeah . if we life be a movie , a simple little movie about four New York guy in L.A. , this whole jessica Black murder thing would be something the writer throw in to make the movie look like it have a little plot , so all that executive , who be afraid to depart from conventional wisdom , would hopefully shut up . don yeah - so , another day down . I mean , that 's all it be , a day that amount to several day , but let 's call it a day . we watch some tv , eat , talk - I , of course , do not talk enough , you guy talk way too much - just a day - and this day happen to end okay . it could have end badly , but this day do not . tomorrow may -- so what do we get ? Pete 's have some rough moment lately , but what be most important to he - to find a bona fide nice girl , he have achieve . I predict he 's marry with kid by next week . I avoid the electric chair , always good news - and , much to my amazement , have myself meet a nice girl - who come with she own handcuffs , how ' bout that for a bonus ? we dear friend Al have suffer a very painful blow , but be go to be just fine , because he have loving friend who will be there for he . and Ed , as always , be perfect in every way , because nerd really do rule . that 's it - more tomorrow - the end , because that 's what day do . same - later Sue and Chris be outside with lily . the guy be still in the live room sit together on the couch and easy chair that surround the coffee table . they have just kill the champagne , they lean back , put they foot up , feel good . Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head and see no change . Ed , Al , Don and Pete do exactly what they be do , exactly as they be before Don flashed into he head . then , suddenly , bikini model , in bikinis appear from the kitchen , hallway , behind the couch , etc. , one for each of they . each guy get a bikini model on he lap . we smash CUT back to scene . Don 's laugh to himself , he crack himself up . again , Don close he eye , we flash into Don 's head 124 . be do , exactly as they be before Don flashed into he head - no bikini model . soon Sue , Chris , lily and mutt appear from outside . everyone pile on the couch and chair . dreyfus walk through the door and join they . one big happy family . Don look satisfied . fade out . the end