the man in the iron mask by randall wallace first draft September 18 , 1995 fade in : from the blackness before the first image , we hear a young woman 's torture scream , muffle by she own will . we see she mouth , open in agony ; she face , bead with sweat . her name be anne , and she be Queen of France . she lie in a royal bedchamber the royal doctor kneel at the foot of she bed ; she own royal mother grip she hand ... on the opposite side of the huge bedchamber , and separate from the queen 's bed by a artistically paint screen , be royal advisor sweat and anxious for any word to take to they king . they wince as the Queen moan again in the pain of childbirth . her finger claw out for help , but she Doctor ignore she need to be touch and comfort ; he be concerned only for the baby . only she priest , father bell , sit at she head , stroking she hair gently and rapidly whisper prayer . doctor the head be bear ! one arm ... the other arm ... it be a boy ! the advisor , disregard the Queen 's privacy , scurry around the screen to see the doctor lift the beautiful baby , wet with birth . the mother -- the Queen -- be still in agony , yet she struggle to lift she head . advisor 1 I shall tell the king ! advisor 2 I shall tell he ! they hurry for the door . but they race to be first to bring this great news to the King be interrupt as the Queen emit another cry ; it surprise the doctor . doctor m'lady ...? he kneel again to examine the Queen . doctor another ...? it be another ! the joy vanish from the face of the advisor . they look gravely at each other , as they hear a second baby cry . smash to : a dark courtyard - night a door groan open in a hide corner of the palace courtyard and into the darkness step a dash figure . his face be hide in shadow , but we know from the silhouette of he cloak and plume hat that he be a musketeer . he carry a oblong basket . a carriage be just rattling onto the flagstone of the courtyard . the musketeer step into its interior , with a sharp word to the driver -- musketeer away . the whip crack and the carriage plunge into the night . time dissolve : ext . establishing the island fortress prison - day on a gash of rock thrust upward from the sea along the southern coast of France stand a island fortress , a prison , like a alcatraz of the Mediterranean . just off a coastline renowned for its beauty , the fortress be horrible and forebode . as we superimpose : 1662 twenty -two year later int . the fortress prison with the camera as we move Pov , we survey the prison . it be a horrible place : dungeon where prisoner lie in they own filth ; corner where jailer rut with unresist captive woman ; long twist corridor line with cell , from which prisoner whimper , or moan in madness . up a long wind staircase we Pov move ; we push through the bar window of a cell ... it be somewhat cleaner than the rest of the place we have see , but still a prison . we pan the cell . and we see a man . a man in a iron mask . it be terrifying , to think of anyone imprison in this way . we push in on he eye ... they be blue , childlike . a greasy jailer -- the prisoner 's keeper -- put he face to the bar window of the door , and speak with bored cruelty . keeper you dead yet ? man in the iron mask no , keeper . dissolve to : ext . establishing paris - day superimpose : paris ext . paris STREET - night through the narrow street of the old city gallop a dash figure , he cloak fly behind he and catch the moonlight , he horse 's hoof clatter along the cobblestone as he dodge the beggar live in the filthy shadow . he be a magnetic sight , riding the horse as easily as if they be racing across a open field and not through a cluttere street , and guide the stallion as if its grace and power come not from the animal but from the rider . sitting lightly in the saddle be d'artagnan famous musketeer , Captain of the King 's Royal bodyguard . he be still handsome at mid-life , still erect , unambiguous in he courage and he loyalty . he ride past a knot of angry beggar , move through the street break window and scavenge for food . when they see d' artagnan , some throw rock at he . they sail by d' artagnan 's head ; he duck they with the fluid grace of a boxer dodging punch , and keep on riding . outside the cathedral d'artagnan ride into the courtyard of a grand old residence beside Notre Dame Cathedral . Priests be dispense food to beggar gather in the courtyard . as d' artagnan rein he horse to a stop the wretch people stare with contempt at the royal symbol on he uniform . but d' artagnan be not a man anyone would be quick to confront ; as he dismount and move toward the doorway the people part for he . he pause as he see , park to one side of the old residence , a big rickety carriage . d' artagnan smile . d'artagnan porthos too ! d'artagnan hear drunken feminine giggle echoing down the staircase of the tower above he . int . priest ' residence - a stairway - day four people be move up a wind stairway ; three be woman , bosom spilling from they gaudy dress ; the fourth be porthos , the former musketeer , now a nobleman of great wealth and even great girth . he and the woman be drink wine as they stagger up the stair , the woman towing porthos like rowboat tug a ship to dock . porthos be not so drunk that he hand fail to find pleasant place to grip they body as they walk and giggle . porthos ah ha ! here we be ! aramis ! porthos be here ! they reach a doorway . porthos kick it open , stagger back , and begin shove the woman inside . int . a priest apartment - day the first of the party woman tumble inside ; she stop short at what she see . the second and third stumble in after she and they too stop dead still , sober by what they see . then with a great roar porthos barrel in . porthos aaaaaaaramis !! porthos be -- he stop dead in he track . from the Pov of porthos and the women , we see aramis . always the most theological of the musketeer , and ruthlessly brilliant , he be still lean and powerful . and still handsome , or at least he would be ; but now he kneel before a single candle at a private altar , wear sackcloth and ash in penitent prayer . porthos sorry , my dear . you would have enjoy it too . he 's hang like a donkey . wench 1 so be you . porthos really ? I have not be able to see it for fifteen year . go on now , leave his holiness alone . I will bring you back tomorrow when he 's in a better mood . he whacks they bottom , herding they out , then swagger to aramis , heaving himself to a seat beside he praying friend . porthos please revel with I , aramis , I need my spirit lift . I be old , I be weak , my strength be go -- aramis be quiet , you fat fool . can not you see I be praying ? porthos I just say you be praying ! be you deaf too ? I know you be blind , because if you have see the tit that just walk out of here , you would have tear in you eye . aramis ( try to ignore he ) there be more important thing than tit . porthos really ? if you can name I one thing , one single thing , that be more sublime than the feel of a plump pink nipple between my lip , I will buy you a new cathedral . aramis be still try to pray , but rise to the bait . aramis forgiveness . porthos forgiveness ? as if in reply , porthos let rip a enormous roll fart . porthos ( beat ) forgive I . aramis ' finger clamp down on the rosary bead , as he try to keep praying . porthos be I forgiven ? aramis abruptly backhand he huge friend . porthos reel backwards , landing in a chair . porthos I observe you forgiveness be not sweeter than a plump nipple . aramis can not you see I be praying , goddammit ?! porthos raise a foot and kick the bishop in the ball . aramis stagger back and grab a chair to throw it ; porthos pick up the whole table -- just as d' artagnan enter . porthos and aramis d'artagnan . porthos toss the table aside and bear hug d' artagnan . porthos how be you , you skinny little pup ! aramis set the chair down in embarrassment . aramis a simple theological discussion . d'artagnan aramis -- the King wish to see you . aramis still you serve he loyally -- though people hurl rotten egg at he royal emblem . aramis lift d' artagnan 's cloak as evidence : near its hem , sure enough , be the remnant of a break egg . d'artagnan I see you mind be sharp as ever . the King say , " right away . " cut deep and hard , my friend . porthos deep and hard , d'artagnan . d'artagnan clasp porthos ' hand , then that of aramis , and leave , as porthos shake he head . porthos we be all musketeer once , eh ? oh , I forget . for the poor , the one you be praying for . he hand a purse to aramis . surprise , even touch , aramis reach for it . just as he take the money , porthos throw a haymaker ; but aramis see the sucker punch come and duck . suddenly the two old warrior be circle again . porthos I wonder how athos be do . int . a SMALL house - day athos stand at the dress table in a modest room ; dress in a dark plain coat , he too be a former musketeer -- gray haire and handsome , intensely intelligent , with a hard crust of manners mask seas of emotion . he open a small wooden box and dig through medal of heroism ; he find what he 's look for just as he son raoul enter . raoul be in he mid-twenty ; he wear the uniform of a soldier in the french Army . he be nervous , pace , look at every angle in the mirror . raoul do I look all right ? athos none of the lady will be able to take they eye off you . raoul I care only about Michelle . should I ask she when we first arrive ? or ... or when we be leave ? I could ask she in the carriage -- but it be more romantic at the palace . I get so confuse ... athos perhaps this will help . he hand raoul the simple gold ring he take from the box . raoul mother 's ring . I can not take this . athos she die give you to I . and I want to die know it be one the finger of the woman my son love . they embrace . athos ' eye mist , but he smile . athos now go , and bring back you fiance . establishing - the royal palace - day the Palace glow golden in the parisian sunshine . carriage deposit guest for the lavish party in the royal garden . ext . the royal palace - garden - day attractive young adult strut about in the extravagant attire of Louis xiv 's France , the man like peacock , the lady in gowns that seem to squeeze they entire body up into they bosom . they laugh and smile and strike courtly pose pretend to talk with each other -- but all eye be on the doorway , through which the king be about to come ... just beyond that palace doorway king louis the fourteenth be have he wardrobe adjust by a flock of tailor . he be twenty - two , and would be quite handsome , except for the total self - absorption . he 's check himself in a full length golden mirror as two of he advisor , pierre and claude , try to speak with he . pierre you majesty , I know it be a ... a festive time , but before -- king louis the blue sash . no , the burgundy ! pierre ... before the party begin -- king louis the party have already begin -- so why be you delay I ? pierre we do not wish to delay you , majesty , but ... as you advisor , we feel it be we -- we -- claude ... we duty . pierre yes ! it be we duty to let you know ... there be riot in Paris . louis riot ? my people live in the world 's most beautiful city , they king have the grandest palace on earth . why should they feel anything but pride and contentment ? pierre well yes , of course , majesty , and I be sure they be content ... except that ... well , they be starve . louis sometimes the poor do grow hungry . but why would they riot about it ? as he say this , a replica of the matterhorn make of fruit and meringue be carry past the window by a team of chef . pierre majesty ... we have more than enough food set aside for you birthday celebration next week . if we distribute some of that , we would have time to gather more before -- louis aramis ! I have be expect you ! ( to the tailor ) we be satisfied , that will do . the tailor and advisor withdraw as aramis -- still in he simple priest 's robe -- stride forward and bow to the kind . aramis you birthday celebration , you majesty ? louis next week . this be a mere garden party -- and I wish to join it , so I will be brief . I be experience resistance from the jesuit . aramis well ... perhaps you should speak with they , you majesty . louis I have demand it -- and common priest present themselves ! can you imagine the arrogance ? common Jesuit priest try to act as my equal , and they refuse to reveal the name of anyone else in they order ! no one can keep secret like the jesuit can , and the identity of they leader be the darkest secret they hold . even the Pope himself do not know who lead the Jesuit order in France ! he suspect the Governor General of jesuit , whoever he be , be angle to become Pope himself . aramis how can I serve you in this ? louis perhaps you can find out who this secret leader of the jesuit be . you be now a priest , but you be once a musketeer , serve the throne of France , a throne ordain of God . can you accept this mission , and keep it private ? aramis if I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel . I will kill both he and the man who tell I . louis once a musketeer , always a musketeer , eh ? aramis bow and Louis turn back to he mirror . there be mirror everywhere in he palace , and he love he reflection , adorn as he be all in golden cloth , like fabric from the sun . aramis leave and the advisor return . louis ah yes , the riot . we have food stock on the wharve right now , no ? pierre that food have spoiled . that be why it be not ship to the army . louis exactly why it should be give away . pierre what ... a excellent idea , you majesty ! ext . palace garden - day among the guest be raoul and michelle , a stunningly beautiful young woman . Michelle be awed by the richness all around they , while raoul see only she . he hold the ring . michelle be not it glorious ! raoul Michelle ... but just as he start to speak , trumpet blast and the King step through the door and out into the lavish garden ; the party goer give he a rouse ovation . raoul return the ring to he jacket , to wait for another moment . everyone watch the King , who begin guzzle wine and tell joke to he sycophant , who howl at the King 's witticism . then Louis catch sight of raoul and Michelle , and lower he voice , to he friend ... louis who be that ? friend 1 raoul , son of athos . louis not the soldier , you idiot ! friend 2 her name be Michelle . the king be transfix . d'artagnan be preside over a huddle of fresh face young musketeer , direct they to they position around the garden , like secret service agent protect a president . he leave they , and quickly move to the King . d'artagnan you majesty ... louis what be it , d' artagnan ? assassin fall from the sky now ? the sycophant laugh loudly . d'artagnan the plan for use of the maze be not disclose to I . louis I decide it this morning . d'artagnan then you must allow I to stay close to you so that -- louis I be King , d' artagnan . I will change my mind as I wish , and I will enjoy my banquet as I wish ! d'artagnan but I deploy the Royal Guards accord to you previous -- louis let we play a game , d' artagnan , let we pretend I be King and you be Captain of my musketeer . let we behave as if my wish be law . and my wish be to enjoy this party ! d'artagnan bow sharply as the young sycophant chuckle . d'artagnan retreat , then look back to Louis and follow he gaze to the tender young beauty who catch he eye . d'artagnan recognize raoul , son of he friend athos . raoul and michelle as the guest mix and mingle , raoul try again . raoul Michelle , I ... ever since I return I have be want to speak with you about ... about -- a gaunt servant interrupt , present a tray of delicacy . servant monsieur , Mademoiselle ...? raoul no ! thank you -- Michelle , I -- they be interrupt by the squeal of a piglet , squirming in the hand of the king 's dwarf , who hold the fat little animal above he head and run among the startle guest . louis it please we to announce a entertainment for we guest ! a contest of agility and cun ! he take the pig from he dwarf ; the pig be clean and perfume , a colorful fake horn tie onto its head . louis behold we unicorn ! whichever of we guest capture the unicorn shall win its treasure ! with this announcement the King produce a diamond the size of a pecan , suspend from a ribbon ; the guest gasp at its richness . the King tie the diamond around the pig 's neck . raoul and michelle Michelle be amaze at this . michelle I have never see a diamond so large ! it almost make raoul ashamed of the modest ring hide in he hand . louis into the maze ! all of you ! disperse , I command you ! the dwarf release the pig , poke he through a tiny break in the hedge ; the critter skitter as only a pig can , elude the first laugh lunge of the guest . the pig chase be a merry melee , as the maze become a tangle of confusion . louis climb to a platform above the top of the ten foot hedge that form the maze . from he perch he look down on all the action , and call encouragement . louis be you man or mouse ?! michelle squeal as the pig scurries by and raoul dive for it . he almost have the pig ... then it kick free . raoul the pendant will be yours ! with that he race after the pig . michelle try to follow , this way , that way , through the maze . then she stop , face to face with the King , enter through a gate hide in one of the maze 's dead corner . louis Michelle , be not it ? speechless , she nod . louis I would have say it be impossible , but I believe the excitement of the chase have make you even more beautiful . michelle sire , I -- louis you blush ! you do not wish to be beautiful to you King ? her eye go still ; she understand what be happen . from behind the gate , we see d' artagnan , watch as Louis try to seduce the young woman . even as d' artagnan watch , the pig come root through the hedge ; with a deat movement d' artagnan catch the animal 's leg and lift it with the sureness of the farm boy he once be . the pig be quiet and comfortable in d' artagnan 's hand . d'artagnan watch as the King approach Michelle , and she allow he to touch she cheek . the king lean to kiss she ... Michelle do not move ... whheeekkkk ! the pig sail over the gate and hit the ground run , right at Louis ' foot ; it set he dance . the spell of the king 's royal attention be shattered ; as the pig scramble away , Michelle back away . louis wait ! Michelle , I -- too late , he see the shadow of the man loom above he , leaping down onto he from the observation platform . it be the servant who offer the tray to raoul and Michelle ; he have armed himself with a knife from the carve table , and be diving now to plunge the blade into the king 's throat . the king be helpless , freeze . the assassin leap , fall toward the king ... and be impale on the sword of d' artagnan , spring through the gate to save he king . Michelle scream , the king gasp , and the assassin drop , mortally wounded . they stare down at he now ; the would - be assassin gurgle word through he agony ... assassin feed ... you ... people . Party guest , have hear Michelle scream , be run in to find they . Michelle rush off , to find raoul ; several people be come up . assassin you people starve ...! feed -- the king snatch out he own dagger and imperiously cut the throat of the die man , to stop this offensive word . the king look at he stunne subject . louis a pitiful madman , nothing more . come , let we continue we chase ! where be we unicorn ? the King prance away . it take the guest a moment , but they know that only gaiety will please they King , and off they go again , laugh as if nothing happen . d'artagnan stand still as the young musketeer under he command come rush up with sword draw . young musketeer Captain ! see the dead assassin , they eye fill with admiration . young musketeer you be the best -- d'artagnan can not even listen ; with a last glance at the King he turn quickly and walk away . int . fortress prison the man in the Iron mask sit on the floor . a key rattles in the lock and he keeper shuffles in , carry food . keeper food , moron . man in the iron mask thank you , keeper . not watch what he 's do , the bulbous keeper trip on something and stumble , drop the food . the prisoner jump to he foot , concerned . keeper look what you have do ! he pick up the tray and sling it at the prisoner . man in the iron mask I be sorry , keeper ... the keeper look for what he trip on -- a wear Bible . he snatch it up and grab a hunk of page from its middle . man in the iron mask no , keeper , it 's my only book ! hear the plead in the prisoner 's voice , the keeper look squarely at he -- and rip out the page . man in the iron mask what number do you tear out ? keeper eh ? man in the iron mask what number , on the first page ? keeper ... two -thirty -seven . man in the iron mask two-thirty -seven : " ... and the descendant of japeth be this : obediah , Zebulon , hezekiah ... " as the prisoner rattles off the name of biblical genealogy , the jailer gawk at the page in he hand . keeper you have ... memorize ...? man in the iron mask what be the end page ? as the keeper be speechless , the prisoner look for himself . man in the iron mask six-two-one : " ... though I speak with the tongue of man and angel , and have not love , I be but a clanging cymbal or -- " the keeper stagger in shock ; the prisoner bubbles with joy . man in the iron mask we be play , keeper ! a game ! take another page , any page ! keeper and I be play a game ! and the prisoner take the keeper 's fat hand in he own and begin to dance and sing . man in the iron mask a game , a game , we be play a -- the keeper 's leave arm go rigid , and he clutches he chest with he right hand ; he drop upon the stone floor . man in the iron mask keeper ...? the prisoner approach the jailer ; the man be stone dead . man in the iron mask no ... no ! keeper , please , you can not die ! you be my only friend ! the prisoner try to wipe he eye , but he can not get at they , inside the mask . he edge to the open door . man in the iron mask help ! someone ! keeper be dead ! he slump down beside the open door , and weep . int . palace - d'artagnan be room - evening d'artagnan 's room be spartan : a cot , and weapon laid on a plain table . it have a single small window , and d' artagnan stand at it now , look out into the Palace garden below . the guest have all go home ; the party pavilion have be clear away . and now in the blue dusk , a solitary lady walk . she be Anne of Austria , the Queen mother , the lady we see in the open . now , twenty year later , she be a slim frail figure . her clothes be drab and simple , like the dress of mourn ; she walk in silence , watch at a distance by nun attendant . she glance up , and see d' artagnan 's form in the window . when he see she look , he pull away from the window . int . palace corridor - evening d'artagnan 's room be along the same corridor as the Royal Apartments . d' artagnan sit at the small table , go over paperwork . through he open door he see that Anne and she attendant be filing along in the corridor , and he rivet he eye back to he work . in the corridor Anne reach the door to she apartment , and look back to where d' artagnan 's door be open . int . d'artagnan room the Queen mother 's attendant appear at d' artagnan 's door . attendant she wish a word with you . int . the corridor d'artagnan approach the Queen mother , and bow . d'artagnan m'lady ...? anne I understand you save my son 's life today . d'artagnan God smile upon we . anne and you be not hurt ? d'artagnan no , m'lady . anne that be good . without a change of expression on she still beautiful but sad face , she enter she room . int . d'artagnan room - evening d'artagnan return to he room , just as a young lieutenant of musketeer ( Andre ) arrive with two of the Royal Guards . lieutenant duty list of the day , Captain ! d'artagnan thank you , Andre . they hand he the list and salute again , to leave . d'artagnan wait . there be a entry here -- " Messenger send by King to residence of Mademoiselle Michelle beaufort . " why be that ? the young musketeer try not to smirk . lieutenant well , Captain ... int . athos ' apartment - night athos sit alone , play a haunt melody on a violin . it be a sad tune , play with feel ; he stop as he hear a knock at he door , and open it to -- athos d'artagnan ! d'artagnan athos , my friend ! they embrace with deep affection -- friend who have share each other 's darkest time . d'artagnan it 's be too long . athos life be too long . except when we have we friend . look at you ! you be still a boy ! sit , sit ! I will open a bottle of wine . d' artagnan take one of the wooden chair , by the meager fire . the whole place be modest at best . d'artagnan thanks , but not for I . athos you can not drink with a friend you have not see in month ? d'artagnan I have order a drill of the Royal Guard for midnight , and must be clear-head for it . athos Midnight ! mon dieu ! driving the youngster hard , eh ? d'artagnan they must stay sharp . there be a attempt on the King 's life today . athos another ? how many time have you save he life in this year alone ? Three ? four ? d'artagnan I hear you play . athos I be feel sorry for myself . raoul be get marry , he propose today ! I love that boy beyond all measure , I have spend everything I own to give he education and opportunity . now he have complete happiness , and I mope . a cloud pass d' artagnan 's face ; he have something to tell athos . d'artagnan athos ... but whatever it be that d' artagnan want to say be interrupt by the sound of someone climb the stair . as athos ' face brighten with the arrival of d' artagnan , now it glow as he jump up to welcome he son . athos that must be raoul ! raoul ! look , d' artagnan 's come to visit ...! what 's wrong ? you look awful ! raoul Michelle , she -- the king have invite she to come live in the palace . athos be stunne ; d' artagnan witness this with agony . athos but -- be you sure ? raoul we be at she door . I be just take the ring from my pocket , for the third time today , when a young musketeer bring the invitation for she to become a lady - in-wait for the Queen mother . athos Michelle cannot possibly accept ! raoul she can not possibly refuse . her family be poor , they have even less money than we do . and along with the invitation , the King send the diamond pendant , from the piglet . athos piglet -- ? what be you -- ? raoul never mind , papa , it do not matter now . she love I once . I want to die remember that . athos die ? what ...? raoul I have rejoin the army , and ask to resume my commission at the head of the troops of General fromberge . athos fromberge ...?! at the front ?! no . raoul it be already do . I have just stop at mother 's grave , to say goodbye , before come to tell you . athos raoul , no ... you can not do this . no matter how you heart be break -- but raoul stop he , with a embrace . raoul Goodbye , father . I be sorry . athos raoul -- raoul break away , and run from the room . athos , so joyful moment before , hold he head as if he brain might erupt . athos this cannot be . everyone know the Queen mother be a recluse , and the lady - in- wait be but mistress for the king ! d'artagnan if the young woman truly love raoul -- athos she 's a woman , d' artagnan ! from a poor family . you may still be young enough to believe love conquer everything , but I be old and hard and I have see too much . even when king be hunchback they have any woman they desire , because power seduce even more than love ! d'artagnan be silent , and even ashamed . athos realize -- athos you know this be happen . you know and that 's why you come . d'artagnan I fear I know we King . I come to try to bring you hope . athos what hope be there ? a wartime commission can not be vacate except by the king , and what chance be there of that ? fromberge be on the battle line , and raoul -- d'artagnan I have dispatch a message to fromberge request that raoul be keep far from the fight . athos raoul be everything to I . d'artagnan I know . athos oh my friend . athos grip d' artagnan in gratitude and desperate hope . d'artagnan I will also speak with the King , for he be surely unaware of the problem he invitation to Mademoiselle beaufort have cause . athos you trust he character more than anyone else do . d'artagnan raoul be hurry to the front , so I must hurry too . athos save my son , d' artagnan . they embrace once more , and d' artagnan leave . ext . paris street - day magnificent public building -- palace and cathedral -- grace the city 's skyline , but here in central Paris all be squalor . on a narrow , filthy street , beggar bother the sullen city peasant who be weak with hunger themselves . but interest perk up when two soldier drive up in a wagon , and one of they , Lieutenant Andre , announce -- lieutenant here be food , the gift of you loving King , on he birthday ! he give to himself by give to you , in that he love you so much ! slowly at first the pauper stand and shuffle forward . as the soldier begin hand out foodstuff -- bread , cabbage , tomato , egg -- that nearest the wagon begin to jostle each other , and a large crowd gather quickly . lieutenant no need to fight , there be plenty for all ! it 's look like a holiday celebration ... until a ruffian break open a loaf of bread , and wrinkle he nose . ruffian this stuff stink . it be rotting ! the King give we rotten food ! he hurl the moldy bread back at the soldier . other pauper sniff the food , and its stink set off a explosion of anger : they throw food at the soldier ... then a pave stone crash through a shop window , and suddenly it 's a riot , with the mob overwhelming the soldier and drag they down the street in the direction of the palace . d'artagnan , riding toward the palace himself , turn a corner and see the mob come . and they see he : the elegant , dash musketeer on the prancing stallion . and at that moment , two more soldier race out of a side street , flee a similar mob , come from another direction . d'artagnan understand everything at a glance ; the second pair of flee soldier reach he in panic . panicked soldier back , toward the palace ! we can not hold they off ! we will fire a volley into they ! d'artagnan no ! run to the palace and close the gate . but do not fire ! the two new soldier race away ; d' artagnan wait calmly on he horse , as the mob from both direction converge on he . the mob , see the dash musketeer wait so confidently for they , slow up ; but the ruffian urge they on . ruffian come on ! to the palace ! d' artagnan sit calmly in they way . he do not even draw he sword , though member of the mob grab the rein of he horse . some of the mob recognize he , and murmur ... mob it 's d' artagnan ! Le generale de musketeer ! the mob hesitates -- for the name d' artagnan mean heroism and patriotism to all of they . ruffian one musketeer can not stop we ! d'artagnan stop you ? you be frenchmen , be you not ? I be one of you . ruffian the King be a frenchman , but he be not one of we ! d'artagnan citizen of Paris ! give ear to I ! ruffian we will give you they ear ! with that he draw a dagger from he filthy shirt and put it to the ear of the young Lieutenant who be already bloody from be drag through the street . d'artagnan wait -- and listen ! I beg you ! rioter they give we garbage , not fit for rat ! they think we be garbage ! with that one of the rioter hurl a moldy bett at d' artagnan , who draw he sword in a slick liquid movement , he cut the vegetable from the air . the display of expertise be startling . someone else throw a head of lettuce ; d' artagnan slice it in half , and as the piece fly he skewer one with the point of he sword . d'artagnan I be on my way to a salad ! do not anybody have any endive ? the mob laugh at this panache , and the amazing display of swordsmanship that lie behind it . someone toss more lettuce , and d' artagnan divide and skewer this one as well . this time the crowd applaud . d'artagnan a tomato ? can he do it ? someone fire a tomato right at he head , and sure enough d' artagnan spear it . then , with a victorious flourish , he take a bite of it . his face contort with the taste , and he spit the piece out ; the crowd be hushed . d'artagnan you be right . it be rotten . I will speak to the King myself . you have my word . the mob be completely win over by d' artagnan ; the ruffian , angry that he riot be fizzling , raise he knife again over the soldier , but now the point of d' artagnan 's sword flick to the ruffian 's neck . d'artagnan and you will release that man -- for they serve France ... and you . rioters Three cheer for d' artagnan ! hurrah ...!! hurrah ...!! the soldier who moment before be about to be rip apart now stand and look at d' artagnan in gratitude and awe . the mob have forget they ; they see only d' artagnan as he rake he blade clean , return it to its scabbard , rein he horse around , and slowly ride away , escort the soldier back toward the palace . int . palace - night d'artagnan stride into the long hallway lead to the royal apartment . as he reach the door to the king 's room , he find a knot of royal advisor -- among they Pierre and Claude -- gather outside the king 's door . claude we already know about the riot ! d'artagnan do he know ? pierre we will tell he , when it be ... claude convenient . blocked by the advisor , d' artagnan leave they , turn down one hallway , and then another ; he reach the Hall of mirror and touch the golden frame of one mirror at its corner ; the mirror become a door , revealing a secret passage within the wall . d' artagnan step through and the portal close again , leave no trace of its existence . int . palace - bedroom - night within a bed whose tapestry post stretch to the sixteen foot ceiling , the king be make love ; the young woman lie beneath he be do she best to sound sincere . young woman oh yes ! so good ! ooo , wonderful , marvelous ! fan-tas -- Louis climax with a grunt . she try to sound pleased . young woman oh , Louis , that be incredible . it be better than ever before . it -- louis I be hungry . he hop up , throw on a silk robe embroider in gold . young woman I will have food bring . louis I like to eat alone . he move to what appear to be a wardrobe , stand against the far wall , and open its door , revealing a secret staircase hide within the thick wall of the palace . louis by the way , you will be move tomorrow . leave the girl without another word , he move down the conceal stair . int . the king bedchamber - night Louis reach the bottom of the stair , disguise behind a similar wardrobe in he own bedroom . he step out -- and be startle as the lifesize portrait of Louis xiii on the other side of the room open to admit d' artagnan . louis aaa ! d'artagnan ! this passage be construct for the King 's security , not so you could step from my father 's portrait and startle I to death ! d'artagnan it be for you security that I have come , you majesty -- for the security of you honor . louis I already know about the riot , d' artagnan , I hear they out there whisper . some fool give the order to distribute rotten food . I will deal with it tomorrow . d'artagnan then there be one more thing , of a even more personal nature . louis a personal nature ? d'artagnan Mademoiselle Michelle beaufort . she be betrothed to raoul , the son of athos the musketeer , who have serve France through many tribulation . the King begin to eat from the food laid out on the table . louis betroth ? I think not . d'artagnan in he mind , anyway , and soon enough in hers . she have write he many letter of love . the King poke at he food . louis miss beaufort have accept we invitation . by this we can only suppose that she wish to come -- as we wish she to be here . d'artagnan you majesty have have many woman -- louis that be my desire , and my desire be what should concern you , not the sentiment of some commoner ! d'artagnan it be not raoul 's heart alone that concern I . it be yours . I know you find woman compliant -- especially the poorer one like Michelle . but do they love you ? do you love they ? what about a queen to love ? a son of you own ? louis what quaint notion , d' artagnan ! but they contradict my father , who pick he queen when he be old , and only then to bear I . d'artagnan there be more to love than he know , or that you know . louis you dare criticize my father ?! or lecture I ?! d'artagnan not criticize -- plead . Love . Love you people , and you will not bear to see they hungry . Love woman , and they will love you . Love yourself , and -- louis that be enough ! you be a good servant , d' artagnan , but you forget you place ! d'artagnan at least help raoul . louis silence ! I order you ! d'artagnan order fromberge to keep he in safety ! it be the least you can do , to protect you own honor ! louis I will consider it . now leave I . d'artagnan thank you , you majesty . d'artagnan bow , step to the lifesize portrait of Louis xiii , touch a hide button on its frame and move into the secret passage the painting reveal as it swing open . CUT to : close on pierre's face ... he be sweat , exceptionally pale , as he try to project he voice past a huge lump in he throat ... pierre ... and I only say that ... the rotten food be ... all my fault ... and I take ... full responsibility ... and beg the forgiveness of you all . he step back , have accomplish something terrifically difficult , and glance toward the king who step to he advisor and shake he hand , whisper quietly ... louis well do , Pierre . it will be good for you soul , that you have take responsibility for you error . and do not worry , I will look after you family . Pierre can only nod ... he take two step , kneel , cross himself , and place he head between two upright rail of the guillotine the King , Pierre , and other attendant be stand on a platform before a crowd of Parisians . the blade drop , Pierre 's head hit the basket , the crowd cheer . the King raise he hand to quiet the crowd . louis do not rejoice -- but know that you King do not tolerate blunder that hurt he beloved people . more food be on its way , and my advisor tell I the new harvest be sure to be bountiful ! he shoot a glance at he advisor , and they be pale from the display they have just witness . louis and I have new joy to announce to you ! today we decree a fresh glory for Paris , and for all of France ! the lay of the foundation to expand versaille , and make it truly a palace of the sun ! the advisor all applaud furiously , but from the crowd there be almost no reaction at all ; the triple rank of soldier surround the square discourage any protest , and as the King leave the platform the crowd begin to melt away . near the platform aramis , watch the crowd disperse , hear behind he -- voice aramis . aramis turn to see the King , who move up alone . aramis you majesty ... louis how go that favor I ask of you ? aramis I grow closer to my target , you majesty . louis you bring I the heart of the Jesuit General , and you will have a palace of you own . the King move away , follow by he fawn advisor . int . the favorite mistress ' palace room - day a young musketeer usher Michelle into the palace bedroom previously occupy by the King 's last mistress . the musketeer leave she alone , freeze in the center of the room , awed by the opulence . her eye play over the detail : -- the handcarve , richly upholster furniture , beneath she fingertip ... -- the carve figure of cherubic angel , gleam with gold , upon the post of the bed ... -- the mural on the wall and ceiling ... her reverie be interrupt by a handmaiden who bustles in carry a magnificent dress . handmaiden after you bath put on this , it be the King 's favorite color . that letter on the desk come here for you this morning . she toss the dress onto the bed and be go . Left alone , Michelle lift the letter , and recognize the write . michelle raoul ! she open the letter and read quickly . michelle the army ! oh raoul , do not despair ! I will always be faithful ... she interrupt herself as she eye fall on the gorgeous dress . she look around at the sumptuous palace apartment , and gaze again at the mural paint above the bed . they depict naked god and goddess , in olympian orgy . CUT to : close - steaming water , poured into a tub the handmaiden have prepare a 17th century bathtub for Michelle , and now retire . handmaiden if you need I further , just ring . as the handmaiden leave , exite frame , we push in on one of the mural on the wall . the eye of one of the figure there be no longer the paint eye it be before , but be a real human eye , disguise by the mural ... the king , in the secret passageway be spying on Michelle . the king Pov as Michelle undress and step into the bath . Louis catch tantalize glimpsis of she richly sensual body in the soapy water , and it stoke he desire . int . palace - michelle's new room - day Michelle stand before the mirror , stare at herself , breaktakingly gorgeous in she new dress . she stare for a long time , surprised at she own beauty . she reach to a vase of rose and pull one out , blotting it around she neck , perfume herself with its fragrance . she look into the mirror , at she eye ... in guilt for what she be already feel , she lift raoul 's letter to read it again . then she gasp -- the King stand right before she . michelle sire ! I -- how do you -- louis how do I get in ? you be new here , and will soon learn many secret . what be that ? michelle ... nothing . louis a letter . May I see ? he take the letter ; she have no resistance against he . the King read , he eye harden suddenly ; but then he smile . louis from raoul . he urge you to guard you honor -- as if it could be in any danger ... from you king . michelle raoul ... be in love ... louis enough of this , we dinner wait . toss the letter aside , he offer she he arm . she take it and allow he to escort she from the room . int . palace - the hall of mirror the hall be alive with glorious light , fiery gold frame surround silvery mirror blaze with reflection . musician line the length of the hall , and when Louis and Michelle appear at the far doorway they begin play for the couple as they parade past . Michelle be speechless , as Louis smile at she awed innocence . int . royal dine room - night Louis lead Michelle into a tower room surround a magnificent table , deck out with candelabra and sumptuous delicacy -- set for just two . the dinner Louis and Michelle sit opposite each other , attend by a dozen servant . Michelle stare at she plate . louis the food do not please you ? michelle it 's lovely . it 's just ... louis this be more than you be use to . you mother be a seamstress , you father be dead . you have three young sister , two of whom suffer from consumption . do not look so surprised , king know such thing . michelle I ... we be humble people ... louis wait , no ! do not be ashamed . the strait of you family need not be permanent . it be a simple matter to have they bring to one of my country estate , where they may have fine meal , and physician to look after they . michelle you would do that , you majesty ? louis my dear , I have already do it . she rush to he and throw herself at he knee , weep in gratitude . Louis smile , as if embarrassed . louis please , darling , that be not necessary . we be friend now . Mademoiselle need wine ! a servant quickly approach with wine ; the goblet at Michelle 's place be quite large , and he pour it full . int . michelle's bedroom - night Louis lead Michelle back to she room ; she 's a bit unsteady from the wine ; but she grow alert as she notice he close the door behind she . he stare into she eye . louis you be beautiful . you know you be . michelle sire , I -- louis if you do not want to be so appeal , why do you touch the rise to you skin ? where be it ? here ? he touch he lip to she throat . she gasp , but then pull away . she glance at the letter on the write table . louis what be it ? raoul ? if he really love you , he would have propose marriage . he do not , do he ? he see she hesitation and uncertainty . he 's smooth , gentle . louis you have never know love until you have know the love of a king . he kiss she ; for a moment she seem freeze ... and then she yield . never have doubted that she would . Louis pull the gown from she shoulder . she do not resist . int . the fortress prison the old jailer , carry a torch that barely push back the darkness , lead another guard up the wind stair . jailer it 's a jolt at first , so brace yourself . int . cell of the man in the iron mask the man in the Iron mask lift he head as a key rattles into he door . the door open , admit he old jailer , and a new keeper . the New keeper be just a young version of the old one -- greasy , fat , and cruel . new keeper ugh ! he look ' orrible . the man in the Iron mask rise and take a step forward ; the new keeper recoil and raise he club threateningly . new keeper stay back ! man in the iron mask I frighten you . it 's okay . keeper be scared of I too , at first . new keeper scare ? the New keeper step forward and club the man in the Iron mask in the shoulder , then kick he as he fall . new keeper scare of you ? not I . I will kill he if he get near I . the New keeper stride out . the man in the Iron mask pull himself to he knee ; he eye , visible through the slit of the mask , look sadly at the old jailer . man in the iron mask I miss keeper . I miss he so much . jailer moron . the jailer leave the cell , lock the door behind he . int . a battlefield command tent raoul have just receive order from General fromberge , who sit at a map table , raoul salute and follow a young staff officer from the tent . as raoul leave , the General withdraw from he leather field pouch a royal letter -- parchment , with blue and gold seal . fromberge touch the edge of the parchment to the candle , and burn the letter ... ext . trench - darkness two man move along a deep trench , the siege work of 17th century siege warfare . one of the man be raoul , carry a musket ; in he new uniform he look out of place among the dirty , battle weary man they pass . he be follow the staff officer who be no older than himself , but whose eye be already dead , while raoul 's be wide and wild . the trench be deep as a grave ; by crouching , both man keep they head below the surround ground . thick smoke roll over they head ; we can not tell if it be day or night . from all around come sound of battle , with the sporadic fire of musket and the rumble of cannon ; officer shout order in the distance ; wounded man nearby whimper for water and the officer lead raoul by they as if they do not exist . the young staff Officer stop at a bend in the trench . staff officer here . without another word he go back the way he come . raoul grip he musket and look around he ; he find himself among several dozen stark eye man man the forward curve of the trench . he have little time to wonder what will happen next . a horn trumpet close by , and with a shout , the french soldier clamber out of they breastwork . for a instant , raoul hesitates in pure terror , then join the charge with a shout of he own -- raoul mi-cheeelllll !! -- on the stone wall loom above the french soldier , orange blossom of fire -- the muzzle flash of primitive cannon -- penetrate the smoke , and the ground at raoul 's foot explode , hurl he backwards . he cover barely a few foot , and fall almost exactly where he start . Dead . CUT to : close - the door of athos ' room - day a glove hand rap on the door . athos open it to a military messenger , who shove at he a single sheet of paper , roll and tie with ribbon . int . athos ' room - night the message slam onto the table as athos stagger upon it , he leg buckle beneath he in shock and grief . int . d'artagnan room - day d'artagnan be work at he desk , as the Lieutenant enter . lieutenant Sir ... a casualty report come ... d'artagnan look at the paper the Lieutenant hand he . d'artagnan no , no , no ... he sag for a moment , then grab he cloak and sword . int . / ext . musketeer' gate of the palace - day the musketeer 's Gate be close to the stable where the musketeer train and keep they horse . d'artagnan hurry from the Palace and snap a order . d'artagnan saddle my horse ! the groom jump to work ; several young musketeer nearby stop they training , notice they Captain 's agitation . d'artagnan hurry -- but then d' artagnan see athos come , riding furiously through the musketeer ' gate . d'artagnan step out to meet he as athos rein in he horse and jump from the saddle . d'artagnan athos , my friend -- athos march to the palace door ; d' artagnan cut he off . d'artagnan athos , please ...! athos get out of my way . d'artagnan ( grab he ) athos , I beg you -- athos punch d' artagnan with furious strength , knock he aside . the young musketeer reach for they weapon , but d' artagnan be up quickly , throw himself in front of athos again , block the doorway into the palace . d'artagnan where be you go ? athos to kill the king . at this , the sword of the young musketeer sing from they scabbard . athos wear a sword , but he have not draw it . d'artagnan athos ! I know life mean nothing to you at this moment , but I will not let you kill yourself . athos the King kill my son ! d'artagnan the cannon kill raoul ! the cannon , and love . but not the King . a young musketeer step up . young musketeer I will kill the old man for you , Captain , if you do not wish to -- athos spin , strike like a rattlesnake , he sword whipping from its scabbard and slice off the arrogant young musketeer 's ear . he flick another 's sword from he grasp , then bring the the point of he own blade up beneath the chin of a third , shove he back . athos come on ! all of you ! d'artagnan tackle athos from behind and pin he face down to the hay . for a moment athos bellow in rage -- athos coward ! fight I ! fight I ...! emotion spill up into athos ' throat , and he begin to sob . athos he kill my son , d' artagnan ! he kill my son ...! d'artagnan , die inside , still grip athos . athos grow quiet , and the young musketeer drift closer . d'artagnan get back , all of you ! d'artagnan stand , and athos rise , still hold he sword . he look at d' artagnan a long beat , then sheathes he sword and turn to he horse . the young soldier move to he . d'artagnan let he go ! athos mount he horse , and with a last glance back at d' artagnan , he gallop away . int . king bedchamber - day the King have just climax in he lovemake , and lie spend upon Michelle . his rest be interrupt by a knock at he door . the King scowl . louis what ?! voice you majesty ... it be Andre . Louis groan , and pull on a robe . Michelle whisper -- michelle shall I leave ? louis no , you may wait behind the screen . Michelle rise and slip behind a paint dress screen as Louis go to the door and admit the young Lieutenant . behind the screen , Michelle lift a jewele hand mirror and appraise she face ; she begin brush she long hair . she can hear the conversation ... lieutenant I would not have disturb you , majesty , but you order I to keep you inform -- louis yes , yes , go on . lieutenant athos , the former musketeer , have just fight with several of you guard , at the musketeer ' Gate . behind the screen , Michelle pause at the mention of athos . louis do they kill he ? lieutenant no . he cut a ear from one of the man , no one else be hurt . Captain d' artagnan allow he to leave . athos be upset about the death of he son , at the front . crash ! from behind the screen come the sound of the mirror , shatter as it drop to the floor . it startles the Lieutenant , but the King go on ... louis who be athos seek ? tell I ! do he try to enter the palace ? lieutenant ... he do -- but Captain d' artagnan block he way . louis you may go , Lieutenant . the Lieutenant move back to the door . lieutenant do you want athos arrest , you majesty ? louis not by you . I will order d' artagnan to do it . the Lieutenant leave , and Louis move behind the screen to see Michelle stagger and grip the dress table ; she bare foot step onto the break glass of the mirror , yet she be oblivious to the cut . Louis see this and grab she . louis my dear ! the glass -- ! he pull she to the couch and draw a blanket about she , cuddle she as she begin to shake . michelle do you know ... about raoul ? louis I do not want to upset you . it be tragic . I do everything I could for he . I order he position in a spot of complete safety , far from the fight . but he disregarded my wish and charge into danger . he cuddle she as she weep . louis I will order a mass for he soul . it will guarantee he place in Heaven . michelle oh Louis , Louis ... she cling to he in she grief . ext . notre dame cathedral - day the great cathedral rise next to the monastery where aramis reside . we pan down and push in on the cobblestone between the two structure , as if penetrate to -- subterranean passage aramis lead porthos through tunnel , twist , descend . porthos aramis ... be this the way to hell ? aramis Hell may be we destination , dear porthos , but not this trip . they reach a iron door and move through it , into a gorgeous , secret chapel candle illuminate masterpiece frescoes . the place be breathtaking . porthos where be we ? aramis Jesus of Nazareth find the holy among the profane . if we be to have a place of private prayer , where better than here , beside the channel where the shit and the garbage run to the river ? porthos notice nich in the wall ; he look closely and see the face of a corpse , enclose behind glass . porthos mother of God ! aramis it be also a place of burial . porthos a tomb ? we be in a tomb ? aramis catacomb . very holy . porthos look as if the body could resurrect at any moment -- then jump out of he skin as the door open . porthos yaaaahhh ! a hood figure , look like the grim reaper , enter . aramis relax , you big fool , it 's d' artagnan . and sure enough the hood figure , whom we now see have be lead in by a little monk , be d' artagnan . aramis nod to the monk , who leave quickly . before d' artagnan can ask anything , porthos jump again ; the back door have open , and monk usher in athos , who freeze as he see d' artagnan . aramis it 's all right . d'artagnan be the one who warn we that he would be give a order for you arrest . here you have sanctuary -- do he not , d' artagnan ? the escort monk disappear , close the chapel door so that the four musketeer be leave to sit at a small table the monk have set up , athos and d'artagnan opposite each other . aramis look at we . we be old man now . but once we be young . and when we see injustice , we fight it . d'artagnan we have grow wiser with age . now we know that some problem cannot be settle with a sword . athos and some problem can not be settle without one . aramis well here be the problem at hand : the King have order I to discover the identity of the Governor General of jesuit , and kill he . as we English rival have leave the Catholic Church , Louis have strike on a plan to dominate the whole of Europe by unite Church and State and make himself head of both . he have already pick the Pope . only the jesuit , who put God above throne or papacy , stand in he way . porthos but -- do not God ordain both Pope and King ? aramis so they tell we . but what be we to believe when the king be a tyrant , and the Church , mean to stand for all that oppress , have become the tool of oppression ? when no conscience be tolerate ? no dissent , no objection ? porthos it be a weighty problem , aramis -- but perhaps you should leave it to this secret General of the jesuit , whoever he might be . aramis easy to say , but hard to do . for what I be try to tell you be that I be the Governor General of jesuit in France . a stunne silence . athos what do you propose to do ? aramis replace the king . d'artagnan I can not hear this ! porthos it can not be do . aramis it can . I know the way . athos I be with you ! d'artagnan no ! stop -- aramis I will need you all . all for one . one for all . d'artagnan ( jump up ) you -- you can not ask I to betray my king ! I have swear to he ! athos it be honor you serve , and when the king be dishonorable you be remove from you oath of honor ! d'artagnan a oath be a oath precisely because it can not be remove ! athos why do you follow he , d' artagnan ?! I know you have put service above you own life , but why do this King deserve such loyalty ? he be a monster ! he execute minister for he own blunder , with they family hostage so they take the blame ! he have no honor ! d'artagnan no man be all bad ... or all good . I believe -- I must believe -- that Louis can learn . and perhaps I can help he . athos leap up from the table , and glare at d' artagnan . athos whatever the plan ... I be in it ! the next time we meet , one of we will die . he storm out of the rear door of the chapel . aramis porthos , see to athos , will not you ? porthos follow athos ; aramis and d' artagnan be leave alone . aramis I have hear many confession , d' artagnan . but even if I be not a priest , I could tell you heart have a secret weight , and it be hurt you to carry it alone . d'artagnan the secret I carry I can not share . not even with God . d'artagnan move to the door . d'artagnan I cannot betray Louis . I will defend he with my life . aramis I know . God go with you . d'artagnan leave aramis alone in the secret chapel . ext . the monastery - night aramis lead athos and porthos out of the catacomb . aramis this way . they move into a moonlit courtyard of the monastery . a hood Jesuit stand guard step from the shadow , then recognize aramis and admit the trio to the monastery 's forge , where more hood jesuit be work in secret , heating iron red hot in the bellow furnace . athos what be they do ? aramis make the key to the throne . porthos they be very large key . one of the blacksmith use tong to remove something red from the fire ; he hammer it in a shower of spark and plunge it into water . aramis pull the result from the water and show it to athos and porthos . it be a iron mask . ext . a carriage - french countryside - night the carriage roll through the long sweep of the french countryside , travel fast . int . the carriage - night the three musketeer -- aramis , athos , and porthos -- have be travel for some time . porthos be asleep , snore . athos porthos sleep , and you plot . do not you think it 's time you tell I what it be you be plotting ? aramis soon enough . here we be . kick porthos ' foot to wake he , aramis open the carriage door , and they step out ... ext . french coast - night lying just off the coast be the forbidden island , where the impose fortress prison rise on the promontory off shore . athos the prison of Belle sur . aramis come , we have a boat wait . as hood jesuit appear from the shadow to guide they , athos and porthos glance at each other ; porthos shrug . ext . among rock at the beach - night the guide lead the musketeer down a hilly path to a long boat , hide among the large rock that dot the coast . sitting next to the boat be a scrawny little man in priest 's garb ; at he foot be a long narrow bundle , about the size of a mummy , with a rope tie at either end . the guide drag the boat across the sand into the surf . aramis throw off he cape , and strip down almost naked . he 's still fit and hard . with the guide help he , he lift the bundle by its rope and tie it around he waist . athos what be that ? aramis a body . athos I see that be a body ! but where do you get it ? aramis ignore the question , and the guide dress he in priest 's garb . with the robe spread over the big bundle add artfully to aramis ' waist , it appear he be a very fat priest ; the wig and false beard the assistant give he add to the illusion of aramis as a wild , reclusive monk . the sun be beginning to come up over the mountain . porthos he get one day of confession each year . today be the day . athos who do ? porthos best not to ask . should not even talk about it . aramis step onto the boat . the little priest who first join they get in too , along with a couple of rower . athos what do we do now ? porthos I do not know about you , but I plan to wait here . the rower pull the boat toward the fortress prison . int . fortress prison - day the pink light of the new day barely penetrate the gloom of the prison . the boat carry aramis and the little priest reach the gate of the prison , which reach to the water line . as aramis step out , guard meet they . head guard who be this , then ? the little priest remain in the boat , slump over . one guard speak to the little priest in italian , and the little priest seem barely able to leave he head ; aramis answer for he , in italian , and the guard translate -- guard he say he 's the replacement . aramis rattles off more italian . guard he say it be only one day a month when the prisoner get confession , and the little one be too sick to move . the big one do not speak french either . head guard then let 's get it do . the head guard gesture to let they pass . int . cell of the man in the iron mask the prisoner have use the tear Bible to make all sort of amazing origami , invent from he own head . he look up as he hear the door open , and see aramis , the priest . man in the iron mask my confession day ! but where be the other one ? aramis say something in Latin -- the first word of the ceremony of absolution -- as the guard lock the door behind he and move off down the corridor . man in the iron mask I know you do not speak my language -- but be the other one all right ? please tell I he be not dead too , or I will have lose everyone . aramis go on mumble Latin mechanically , for the sake of the retreate guard . the man in the Iron mask be desperate for someone to talk to . man in the iron mask I ... tore my Bible . or someone else do . but it be all right . " let the word of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight , oh Lord we God and my redeemer . " aramis have stop talk , and stare transfix at this sight of the prisoner , in the iron mask . man in the iron mask I be sorry . you be never see I before . I must frighten you . aramis put he finger to he lip . man in the iron mask what be you do ? why do you -- aramis clamp he hand over the mouth hole , and whisper -- aramis I be a friend , here to help you . aramis hurriedly remove he robe , revealing the bundle . man in the iron mask what -- ? aramis it be a escape . to freedom . man in the iron mask freedom ...? he say it as if the concept be beyond he . aramis undoe the bundle , revealing the limp body . man in the iron mask wh -- ? he be dead ! who be he ? aramis he be you . aramis uncover the head of the body . it be cover in a mask , identical to the prisoner 's . int . prison corridor - cell the Guards be share a bottle of wine , when they hear -- aramis hey ! hey ! guard what now ? int . cell the guard enter to find the man in the Iron mask slump on the floor . aramis , look like the fat priest again , stand over he spout italian , as one guard translate -- guard he say he just fall stone dead as he be read he the mass . head guard I never think the bugger would last this long . but how could he just keel over and -- aramis rattles off more italian , and suddenly the guard who understand it stop examine the body and back off . guard he say the prisoner have the fever , just like the little priest do . head guard Plague ? they bring plague in here ? get he out of here . now ! aramis rattles off a protest in italian . guard no , no last rite ! get away ! ext . prison - day aramis climb into the boat ; as he sit down he belly stir , but the guard do not see it -- they be use pole to push the boat away , into the sea . ext . the coastline - day athos and porthos stand as the boat reach the shore , and tuck in among the rock . shelter from the view from the prison , aramis step from the boat and remove he robe . the prisoner dangle , tie wrist and ankle , from around aramis ' neck . athos my God ... athos , porthos , and the other gawk at the sight of the man in the Iron mask , as aramis loosen the rope . as they back away from he , he see the sky . Endless blue -- and bright . he shield he eye . aramis it 's all right . take you time . aramis help he up , and turn he slowly around , to face ... the fortress / prison , in the distance . the prisoner Pov from within the mask : a vast vista -- the sky , the sea , and the prison on the island in the middle of it all . the prisoner fall to he knee , and weep . aramis athos ... he need a gentle hand . athos move over hesitantly , and put he hand on the shoulder of the man in the Iron mask , who hold he hand against the mask as if to further hide he shame . int . the prison - day the guard be stand in the cell , look down at the body now wear the mask , the man they think be they prisoner . the guard be quiet , alone . guard 1 you ever wonder who he be ? guard 2 no ... yes . but I never ask -- and you better not either . they wrap the body , still in its mask , in a weight sack . ext . prison - day the prison 's warden general stand at the wall of the fortress high above the sea and watch as he guard throw off the body , wrap in canvas weight with stone . as the corpse make a long fall and crash into the sea , the warden write a message on a royal scroll : the unseen prisoner be dead . the warden seal the scroll and hand it to a messenger . ext . country estate - night a carriage pull into a country estate , isolate among vast woodland silver in the moonlight . mysterious servant with shield lantern converge on the carriage as it stop . int . carriage - night athos reach for he sword , but aramis stop he hand . aramis jesuit . ext . manor house courtyard - night aramis emerge quickly , whisper directive to the jesuit ; athos help the man in the Iron mask from the carriage , he head shroud by a cloak . aramis have a blacksmith wait ; almost before he realize it the man in the Iron mask find he head place on a anvil ; but as the hammer rise he begin to scream . man in the iron mask no! please ! aramis what be wrong ? we only mean to free you from the mask ! but the prisoner be shaking , and athos understand why . athos prison be horrible but it be he home . he 's be tear from it by stranger . he 's frighten , exhaust -- and the mask be familiar . let he rest in it tonight , and remove it tomorrow . aramis excellent , athos . you have a keen sense of this man . athos his plight be obvious , be not it ? athos , angry with aramis ' arrogance and insensitivity , lead the man in the Iron mask toward the house ; then aramis spot porthos , look downcast . aramis and why be you so glum ? porthos I expect action . there be no kill , no fight , I be useless . in deep depression , porthos climb out and shuffles off . aramis sigh , shake he head , and walk to the house . int . manor house bedroom - night athos help the man in the Iron mask onto the bed ; the eye behind the slit in the mask be darting , frighten . athos be you hungry ? man in the iron mask just ... water . athos pour a cupful from the water pitcher on the bed table ; but when he try to help the prisoner drink the liquid spill as the cup bump the mouth hole . man in the iron mask this way . the prisoner manipulate the cup in the way he must to get a drink , then fall back to the pillow . man in the iron mask this place ... I once live in a country house . I have guardian -- a old man and woman . and tutor . but no friend . then when I be twelve , they come and take I to the prison . athos who come ? man in the iron mask a man in black . I never see he face . he take I to the cell . a blacksmith come and they put I into the mask . for day I shout , " what have I do ? why do you do this to I ? " but no one hear , so I just stop shouting . athos and you never know why ? prisoner I think ... there be something about my face that man do not want to see . something that make they cruel . but then I realize they be cruel even when I be wear the mask . I know there must be some other reason , but I could not think what it be . athos what be you name ? man in the iron mask the old man and woman call I ... phillippe . athos phillippe . Rest now . athos move to the door . man in the iron mask thank you ... for you kindness . athos nod , pause a moment ... and leave . int . a dark apartment in paris - night the lock rattles , and the door swing open . d' artagnan enter , lift a lantern to throw light on the dark room . it be athos ' apartment , the one he visit earlier ; now he find it empty , devoid of clue . he stand there alone . he turn to leave , then glimpsis a familiar painting hang beside the door . lift he light he study the portrait : athos , aramis , porthos and himself -- four musketeer , beat friend , in they prime . together then , inseparable . d'artagnan my friend ... where have you go ? he lower the lantern , and leave . CUT to : the message from the prison ... have reach the court . glove hand pass the message from one advisor to another , and finally to the King . int . palace - king be study - day the King read the message , reroll it , think a moment , and hand the scroll to Claude . louis take this to my mother . the message be again pass , this time into the hand of the Queen mother 's eldest nun -attendant , and then into the hand of the Queen mother herself . the Queen be in she private room , and for the first time we see she with she hair down . she accept the scroll , open it , and read . her eye fill with pain , grief , guilt ... emotion she hide , turn away . nun m'lady ... be you ...? anne please , just ... go away . int . d'artagnan room - night d'artagnan return from he ride to athos ' place . he look down at the Queen 's door . he check the clock on the wall ; it be a few minute past nine . he enter he room , move to the window , and wait there , to catch a glimpse of she . int . country manor house - front room - night aramis be digging into a hearty meal , while porthos only stare at he plate . aramis see ? there be plenty of food in the country . but the King keep it go to the army instead of -- athos march in , all business . athos he be sleep . now see here , aramis , it 's time you tell we -- he break off as a voluptuous serve girl lean over to spoon food onto porthos ' plate ; she breast jiggle below he nose , and she give he a smile . porthos I have no appetite for food , I be waste away . say goodbye to porthos , for he be go . even woman do not interest I now . the girl move to whisper with two other serve girl , who seem fascinate with the roguish porthos ; they giggle and wink make porthos even more morose ; he tell he friend ... porthos I tell you a secret . I sleep with three woman at once , not because my appetite be so great , but because now it take three to excite I . porthos heave himself to he foot and shuffles off ; aramis sigh , have hear all this before . athos sit down . athos who be he , aramis ? aramis tomorrow . athos tonight ! right now ! we steal a man from a royal prison , we hide in a country chateau among a assortment of saint and slut such as only you could provide , and still you wish to tell I nothing ?! aramis you seek fact , when it would be better to seek truth . athos you be not my priest , aramis ! you would not be , even if I have one . aramis you be bitter , athos . you be tear by grief , not only for raoul , but for d' artagnan , whom you love , and now treat as a enemy . athos he who be not with we be against we . aramis that be the word of a break spirit . my spirit be whole . I have trust d' artagnan with my deep secret , and I will never believe he be my enemy . athos then you be a fool -- a fool who have never lose a son . what give you the right to judge I , to play God with the life of other ? be it because you be so much holier than everyone else ?! aramis there be that , of course -- but mainly it be because I be so much smarter than everyone else . they be interrupt by porthos ' bloodcurdle scream . aramis porthos ?! he draw he sword and run for the outside . ext . manor house - night aramis and athos rush through the courtyard , surround by moonlight and tree , confuse about where porthos be . then they hear bellow scream of pain from the latrine . sword draw , they bang into the latrine , to find porthos just finish urinate . porthos kidney rock . it hurt when I pee . it hurt when I shit . I be just a fat old fart with nothing to live for any more . I be go to hang myself , as soon as I be sober . they watch he shuffle toward the main house . int . the palace - the queen mother be room - night Anne pace in she room , she hand tremble , she beautiful lip quivering with torture emotion . with a sudden impulse she bolt from she room , through the outer room where she attendant sit , and into the corridor . nun m'lady ...? the eldest nun follow she . ext . palace garden - night Anne rush through the evening , toward she little chapel in the palace garden ; she be a tragic , romantic sight , she long hair fly behind she as she run . in he room , d'artagnan have be stand at he window , for he nightly glimpse of Anne . now he see she , not with she retinue of nun , but run to she chapel , clearly distraught ... int . / ext . palace garden - garden chapel - night Anne reach the door , and find a few nun and a old priest praying in the little chapel . she stagger forward to the altar . and fall to she knee there . the nun and the old priest , see the Queen mother so distraught , stand silently and file out , leave she in solitude . anne oh God I -- forgive I ... d'artagnan m'lady ...? she whirl to see he ; the sight of she face , burst with emotion she have keep bury , draw he nearer . d'artagnan what -- ? anne no , stay back ! stay back ! he freeze in he track ; she hold she hand out toward he as if ward off a blow . he 's desperate to move to she ; she see it on he face . anne d'artagnan ! her emotion break all she resolve to keep he away ; she rush into he arm . they clutch each other , in a embrace they have deny for many year . they kiss hungrily . d'artagnan m'lady ... if anyone see , it be death ... anne if I do not kiss you , I die anyway . d'artagnan I can not bear to see you cry . what be wrong ? anne nothing ... nothing . she draw back ; he try to hold she . but the thought of answer that question make she stiffen . anne nothing . this ... do not happen . I must go back now . and just like that , they moment be go . ext . garden - night d'artagnan and Anne move back to the palace in a stiff procession , she walk ahead , he trail like a proper commoner , several foot behind . int . palace corridor - night they reach the Queen mother 's room ; d' artagnan reach to open the door for she , and she keep she eye lower . but before he can let she go , he must whisper ... d'artagnan Anne ...! I know ... I know that to love you be treason against France . but not to love you ... be treason against my heart . anne then we will both die traitor , d' artagnan . with that whisper word hang in the air , she enter she room . and d' artagnan move alone , back to he . int . michelle's bedroom - night the King be try to make love with Michelle -- but she be not respond . he stop , exasperate . louis what be wrong ? she say nothing . he try kissing she again . louis what be wrong ?! she begin weep uncontrollably , and turn from he . michelle raoul ... oh , raoul ... louis listen , my darling ... raoul be a ... a good friend . and now he be dead and that be very sad but -- michelle we will burn in hell . both of we . the King stand ; he 's have enough of this . louis no , my love . you will burn in hell , for you sin . but I will not -- for I be King . my position be ordain by God . he snatch the gold coverlet from she bed to cover he naked body and stalk to he stairway ; the embroider coverlet trail behind he like a regal train in a royal procession . leave she weep , he move down into ... int . the king bedchamber - night the King angrily stalk around he bedroom , too agitate to sleep . he grab food from the table by the window , and start to pop a grape into he mouth when he stop . he see something out the window ; it stop he dead cold . it be a man , stand in the garden , wear a iron mask . louis d'artagnan ! Guards ! ext . garden - outside the king be window - night the apparition duck into the shadow . int . palace - d'artagnan room - night d'artagnan be sit on he cot think of all that have just happen when he hear the king 's shout of alarm . louis ' voice help ! in a instant d' artagnan be reacting , snatching up he sword and racing out into the corridor , toward the King 's room . int . corridor - night the guard outside the King 's room find the door latch from within , and they do not know what to do ... d' artagnan , run up , never slow down ; he crash into the door . int . the king bedchamber - night the King whirl as the door explode inward and d' artagnan barrel through . louis out there ! look ! out there ! he -- the garden be empty . d'artagnan I just leave the garden , it be empty . what do you see ? louis it ... be nothing . a nightmare , nothing more . go away , I -- d'artagnan guide he guard out , but glance back to see the King , ashamed and worried . d' artagnan tell he man -- d'artagnan check the garden . ext . garden - outside the king window - night a old Jesuit priest slip back into the garden chapel where the nun have return to pray . he kneel at a back pew , tucking the iron mask deep within he robe . the young musketeer who move through the garden glance into the chapel , see only the normal piety , and move on . the old priest cross himself , bow he head , and smile . CUT to : close - phillippe' eye , through the sly of the mask they be frighten . as we pull back we see the Iron mask , in a overhead Pov ... phillippe be lie on he back , he head rest on a anvil . athos stand close by , lend support ; aramis and porthos look on . a blacksmith stand over phillippe . he position the point of he chisel against the lock of the mask . it take several ringing hammer blow -- which we experience from a Pov within the mask -- before the lock break . athos , as gently as he can , pries open the iron mask . phillippe' face be a wretch sight , overgrown with a matte tangle of hair and beard , and with a deathly pallor . phillippe sit up , lift he head out of the mask . he look at the musketeer , watch they for they reaction . at first they be freeze ; then there be recognition , awe . phillippe see a cool bucket beside the forge , and look down into the surface of the water , at he reflection . porthos aramis ! athos ! he look exactly like ... exactly like ... aramis I will answer all you question . but first soap , water , and a razor . int . the manor house's MAIN dine room - day aramis and porthos be sit at the table when athos usher in -- phillippe , cleaned up the change in he be remarkable , and he face so identical to the King 's that porthos actually jump . phillippe take a seat opposite aramis , and look around , wary , vulnerable . aramis yes. identical . aramis ' eye be aflame as he look across at phillippe . aramis the great secret of life be who we truly be . now I must give you that secret , which have be keep from you you whole life . it begin on the night when Louis be bear . porthos I remember that night . d' artagnan be drunk , the only time I have see he that way . the three of we be reveling , remember , athos ? aramis but I be on duty ... in flashback ... we see the shadowy musketeer we see in the open , move up the dark step of the palace . we see now it be aramis . aramis ' voice I be summon to the royal apartment . arrange a carriage , they tell I , and wait by the door of the stable . intercut flashback we see image of that night , as we see in the open . aramis ' voice they bring a baby from the back of the palace , into the black carriage I have wait . they have give the driver instruction about where it be , and I be order to make the whole journey with the blind of the carriage draw . in the flashback we see the young musketeer aramis , he face shield in shadow , hand a live bundle over to someone at one of the back door of a large country house . aramis ' voice I carry that baby into the countryside , to a chateau , like this one . and there I leave he . aramis in the present aramis I have never forget that night , or what I carry . porthos I do not understand . what do this have to do with ...? you carry a baby somewhere , it 's unusual , but -- aramis not just a baby , porthos . I carry the child of the king . porthos the child of the king be ... the king . Louis ! aramis no , not Louis ! porthos athos , do you understand this ? he confuse I -- aramis I carry the king 's child ! the queen have twin that night , and one of they be send away , in secret ! porthos but why ? aramis because the old king have a twin as well , and through he whole reign he brother fight he for the throne . then he have two heir , not just son but twin . so he decide that one be put away , as if he never exist . you , phillippe . phillippe be pale ... we dissolve to a flashback of phillippe 's early education in the country house . aramis ' voice the old king order you be educate and well treat , but you identity keep from you and all that around you . the flashback move to the palace , match the narration -- aramis ' voice on he death bed , he reveal you existence to Louis and you mother . you mother have be tell by she own priest that you have die at birth . somehow she blame herself for ever believe it , and she wish to restore you birthright . but now Louis be king . we see in flashback Louis wear he new crown , plotting . aramis ' voice a priest , even a Pope , he could kill without hesitation , but he be afraid to kill you , for he whole claim to power rest on the sanctity of royal blood . so he have you hide in a way that only a monster could devise . I know , for it be I who take you to prison , and the Iron mask . someday I will ask you forgiveness . but not until we have restore to you what be yours . we be in present time again . all eye be on phillippe . phillippe restore ...? aramis we will replace Louis with phillippe . no one but the King himself -- and now we -- know phillippe even exist . all we have to do be switch they . athos switch ?! that be you plan ? it be ludicrous ! aramis I have it all work out . athos physical resemblance be but one small thing ! Louis have a arrogance , a manner -- aramis that can be adopt -- athos and people close to he , who -- aramis do you think I have not consider that ? I have a plan -- and you may rest assure that it be brilliant ! athos it be not just we life you risk with this conceit of yours ! it be phillippe 's as well ! aramis yes , and he have a choice ! aramis stop thunder at athos , and turn to phillippe . aramis what about it , phillippe ?! all that time in prison , all that time you suffer , be it for nothing ?! you memorize the entire Bible , or so you priest tell I ! a act of survival , of defiance , of courage ! you year within the mask have give you reserve of strength that other could not imagine . you home be a dungeon and now you may be a king , if you have the heart to make it so ! do you have the heart ? phillippe stand shakily , and face they . phillippe I will try . phillippe walk -- nearly wander -- from the room . aramis you see ? a king . athos , with a glare at aramis , follow phillippe . ext . manor house garden - day the garden be sun drench , burst with the beauty of a french summer . athos find phillippe there , sit alone . athos Recent hour have be a shock . phillippe perhaps not as much as you might imagine . when tutor answer every question except that about who I be . when I be imprison in a way no other man have ever be , I know there be something different about I . but a king ... athos phillippe ... there be something I hope you understand . terrible cruelty have be use against you . and ... you must understand that you do nothing to deserve it . phillippe there be ... wrath ... in I . I have learn to hide it . that year in the cell , I dream that freedom would someday just happen , the way the mask happen . now I be free . and with each free breath I feel the grow desire to make someone suffer for all I lose . look at this , all this that for ten year I could not see ! what if I become a king -- a king no different from my brother ? athos the desire for vengeance ... can be a poison . phillippe what be its antidote ? athos I suppose ... it be to remember there be many people who have never be in a prison , who pass such beauty every day , and never see it . phillippe reach to a flower , pluck it , and smell it . he look around at the beauty of the garden , take it all in . athos look around too ; then athos realize phillippe be no longer look at the garden , but at he . phillippe you look so sad . be it something I have do ? athos it be something I have do -- or do not do . phillippe what be that ? athos I do not share beauty with someone ... who be no longer here for I to share beauty with . before phillippe can pursue this , athos turn businesslike . athos we have much to do , we would best get start . now suppose you be to walk into a garden , as a king ... int . manor house dine room - night aramis be have dinner ; he call toward the kitchen . aramis more wine ! athos enter and sag into a chair , he energy spend . aramis how be he ? athos resting , he 's have a long day . aramis -- aramis ( call out ) more wine !! athos you must reconsider this plan . phillippe be like a child , he -- aramis you can do it . athos in a year , maybe two , I could teach he enough to -- aramis Three day . athos Three day ??!! aramis the King be have a ball , a masquerade ball . it be the perfect opportunity and perhaps we only one . at any time phillippe could be discover , and what then ? remember France . remember the poor . remember raoul . more wine !! where be that serve girl ...? ext . chateau - night as aramis and athos be downstairs argue , we pan up to the window of a candlelit bedroom ... int . chateau bedroom - night we pan from the window to the bed ... where porthos be make love -- or try to . we see he huge , bare , broad back , blotting out all view of he partner . he grunt , then role over in despair -- revealing not one but three serve girl lie beneath he , jamme side - by-side like firewood , all nearly smother by porthos ' bulk . porthos it 's no use . my sword be bent . serving woman it will be all right . you be just take a while to get start . porthos no , it 's dead . I be useless . porthos heave himself out of bed . ext . chateau - night while aramis and athos be visible through the window , argue and gesture , porthos -- still naked -- walk across the moonlit courtyard , to the barn . int . dine room - night athos phillippe -- he 's very bright , he 's perceptive , but he be in such turmoil -- aramis you grow fond of he . that 's good . athos do not play God with I , aramis I -- athos interrupt himself as he glimpsis the naked porthos move across the courtyard toward the barn . aramis go on . athos but -- what be porthos do ? aramis go into the barn naked -- or so it appear . we intercut porthos in the barn with aramis and athos in the house ... in the barn porthos , alone within the barn , find a thick plow rope and fashion a noose . in the house aramis now . you be say ? athos but -- what be he do ? aramis about to hang himself , I should think . in the barn porthos throw one end of the rope over the central beam of the barn , and tie the other end off . he shove a milk stool up below the noose , climb onto it , and fit the noose around he neck . note : when we see he in full view it be only from behind -- and this angle be a sight to behold . in the house aramis ' detachment only aggravate athos ' excitement . athos hang himself ?! aramis he 's threaten to do it , it 's be building up in he for month . athos we must stop he ! aramis come now , athos , if porthos be determine to end he life , then he will certainly manage to find the opportunity . athos but -- but -- athos jump up and make for the door -- but aramis ' hood helper , at a signal from aramis , bar he way . in the barn porthos , grave with drama , utter he last word ... porthos a'dieu , cruel life ! farewell to useless porthos ! he step off the stool . his great weight drop . the rope snap teach . the beam it be tie to snap like a twig -- right in the place where it have be sawn nearly in half already . porthos fall unencumber and slam butt first into the floorboard of the barn , crack they . aramis and athos can hear the crack from where they be sit . aramis I saw the main beam in half . in the barn the chain reaction have just begin . the break floorboard buckle , and the barn 's wall , deprive of they central support , fall in on each other . in the front room athos and aramis watch wide - eye as the whole barn completely collapse around the unfortunate porthos . athos give aramis a look . aramis I be a genius -- not a engineer ! they jump up and run out . the commotion draw other too -- especially the three wench porthos have be try to bed . the collapsed barn it 's a tangle of debris -- and from the size and weight of the pile , it look as if no one could live through the collapse . for a moment the whole pile lie silent ; then suddenly it burst apart and porthos emerge , explode with anger . porthos aramis !! you do this , do not you ! you know I would try hang myself , and you saw the beam ! admit it ! admit it , by God !! admit it !!! porthos ' eye be bulg ; he 's terrifying in he fury . and he hold one of the break barn 's timber like a giant club , ready to bash in aramis ' brain . aramis be totally casual . aramis well of course I know it , porthos . porthos stand there , blink . aramis you have be mope for month . now that you have get the idea of kill yourself out of the way , you can stop boring I and start be useful to I . now get some rest . porthos well ... well ... okay . porthos start back toward the house . then one of the serve girl , head back inside , see in one of the upper window -- the face in the Iron mask . she scream -- wench aaaaaahhhhhhh ! phillippe shy back from the window now , but it 's too late , everyone have see he . aramis , with cold intellectual curiosity , quietly observe the woman 's reaction , even as he hood helper scurry from the shadow to calm the frighten local . athos poor phillippe ! aramis the mask be terrifying ... especially when unexpected . do you notice ? athos all I notice be that phillippe feel even more like a animal . athos hurry in ; aramis look at porthos . aramis see , porthos -- secret be hard to keep . we do not have much time . int . phillippe' bedroom - night athos enter to find phillippe in a corner of the bedroom , slump and ashamed in the darkness , hold the mask . phillippe I have wear this mask so long , I could not sleep without it . athos I will sit with you . I can not sleep either . athos settles into a chair , as phillippe lay the mask aside on the table and close he eye . athos look toward the flame of the fireplace , and in they dance shadow he see the face of raoul . phillippe 's voice interrupt -- phillippe athos ...? thank you for be my guide ... back into the world . athos have not think of it that way . phillippe close he eye again , and fall asleep . int . phillippe' bedroom - morning Light fall on athos ' face ; it be dawn . he hear the whinny of horse , and look out the window to see a carriage about to leave . reacting quickly , he hurry out quietly . ext . chateau - morning aramis and porthos be already load into the carriage , as athos run up . athos where be you go ?! aramis Paris . there be still much to do . we will be back soon . be ready . athos but aramis -- ! phillippe can learn in time , but -- aramis he can learn to be phillippe in time . but first he must learn to be Louis , and for that he have two more day . athos what you be ask be impossible ! aramis I offer you the perfect revolution . a revolution without bloodsh , without any loss of life , even without treason , for he too be the son of the King . athos but -- aramis you say you would do anything , athos , anything to replace this King . so do it . aramis motion to the driver , who snap the rein and drive the horse away . athos , wide - eye and alone , watch the carriage roll away . he turn back toward the house , and see 's phillippe look out the window -- without the mask . int . manor house - dine room - day athos and phillippe be have breakfast . athos no , wait , do not hold you goblet that way . with a king it be ... so . he show he , pinching the goblet between thumb and forefinger , as the other three finger extend daintily . athos it be not to be dainty . servant have touch the King 's goblet , so he will touch it as little as possible . phillippe try it and the goblet slip from he finger , crash onto he plate and spilling onto everything . phillippe I be so sorry ! forgive I , I -- athos no ! do not be sorry ! never be sorry ! the King care for nothing and for no one ! there be no mistake when you be King ! what you do be right for every person ! a King have contempt for everyone ! phillippe be that the king of king you wish I to be ? or do you say this because of you son ? athos how do you know -- ? phillippe porthos tell I . for a moment athos can say nothing ; then he shove back from the table and storm from the room . int . country manor house - athos ' room - night athos be pace in he room , all alone , rehearse the thing he want to say to phillippe . athos I be not ... I be not angry with you . you understand ? good . now , as to act like a king , we wish you to be a good king . but at first ... at first you must pass as Louis , and Louis be cold and cruel . so you must stop look at people with such softness . it be ... not kingly . the eye of a King say that all he care about be himself , and you eye -- how do I tell he this -- ? you eye ... ask so much . you should not care about I , about my -- about ... athos ' voice break , he body sag . athos oh raoul , my son ... my son ... athos weep . int . manor house - day phillippe sit alone in the parlor ; he look up as athos -- he face wash , no sign of grief -- march in . athos come , we have much to do . montage - athos training phillippe -- they practice sword fight , athos be sure that phillippe know kingly posture ... -- they rehearse hold court , with athos show phillippe how to sit in a chair like a King on he throne , and then phillippe try it , with athos then play the roll of a courtesan pay homage ... -- they rehearse courtly dance ; and as they stumble , both of they feel embarrassed and ridiculous , they laugh . ext . paris STREET - night aramis ' carriage rattles to a stop , the hoof of the horse sounding hollow on the cobblestone . they be near the same area where the riot occur ; now , at night , everything look desert . aramis step from the carriage . aramis come ? porthos what use be I ? aramis we go someplace dangerous . porthos why do not you say so ? porthos step out with he , and aramis lead the way down a dark , spooky alley . ext . paris backstreet - night they walk through the murky darkness of Paris ' backstreet . porthos it be good to be out on a mission again ... we be out on a mission , be not we ? aramis grunt non-committally , lose in think . porthos you be right . tell porthos nothing . he need to know nothing , for he be useless . just as he say this a sinister form step from the shadow and block they way . he hold a knife . another robber with a sword rise from a doorway beside they . robber you money or you life . aramis look bored ; porthos stand blink in surprise . then a third robber step up behind they , cock a pistol . third robber make it quick , old man ! porthos Old ? Old ?! you be all try to rob we because you think we be old ? the man with a sword step forward to hack porthos down , but porthos spin , slapping the pistol , make it boom but miss ; he kick the swordsman in the groin , then smashes he head against the alley wall ; he backhand the gunman . the robber with the knife try to run ; porthos snatch a barrel from the street and hurl it into the flee robber 's back ; he fall in a heap . porthos ' fury have just begin . he pick the fall gunman up by the throat , slam he stomach down across a break alley cart , and with one sweep of he mighty hand porthos snatch down the man 's pants . porthos Old ?! I will show you old !! porthos snatch the pistol from the cobblestone . we see the shock and terror on the robber 's face as he feel something shocking happen behind he . porthos let 's see you rob somebody with you pistol there ! aramis come on ... aramis , act as if nothing happen , lead porthos away . porthos I have to tell you something . I love Paris ! aramis have find what he 's look for : a filthy brothel . aramis here we be . aramis lead porthos inside . int . brothel - night sleazy whore lounge around , woman at the very bottom of life . they stir and try to look more appeal as the two well dress gentleman enter . porthos aramis ... this be ... this be whore ! aramis so be Mary magdalene , and we Lord love she . porthos do she have tit like that ? a greasy , disgusting pimp shuffles over . pimp what do you want ? White ? Black ? both ? aramis no . we want you , Father belle . the pimp react with fury , draw a pistol . pimp get out ! now ! I will kill you where you stand ! aramis slowly fall to he knee , before the pimp . aramis bless I , Father , for I have sin . the pimp -- the former Father belle , the same man we see as the priest who pray with the Queen at the royal birth in the open -- shove he pistol at aramis ' face . pimp do not ! get out ! aramis I have sin . and no other priest 's assurance of forgiveness can mean as much as yours . tell I that I can be forgiven , no matter what I have do . aramis ' eye be hypnotic , stare deep into the fall priest 's soul . porthos be bug -ey , certain aramis ' head be about to be blow apart . porthos he 's go to kill you , aramis . aramis then let he kill I , if all my faith be wrong . he stare at the pimp . the pimp 's finger tremble on the trigger . aramis I have come to help you make it right . I have come to take you home . the pimp shake convulsively ; he drop to he knee , bow he head , and weep . ext . street of paris - night aramis ' carriage rattles through the dark street ; we play this secret movement sequence with a ominous , Jack - the- ripper quality . the carriage pull into ... int . cathedral courtyard - night the priest scurry out to meet it . first aramis emerge , then porthos -- but the appearance of the pimp surprise the cathedral priest . they cross themselves . priest Father belle ! cross themselves , they embrace the prodigal priest ; one monk kneel before aramis . monk you have make a miracle ! aramis God make miracle . you make dinner . as aramis stride toward the dining room , a Jesuit hurry up to he . jesuit the ball have be reschedule -- for tomorrow . as aramis hear this in surprise -- smash to : ext . road - night the carriage thunder through the countryside , back toward the manor house . ext . manor house - day athos and phillippe sit at a table in the shade of a tree ; on the table be a model of the palace which athos be use to drill phillippe on the palace 's layout . athos this room be yours . up this stair -- or through this hide passage -- be the room of you mistress ... Michelle . phillippe whose room be that ? athos you mother 's . they be interrupt as the carriage bear aramis and porthos clatter in . aramis be out immediately . aramis Change the horse ! clear out everything ! now !! int . carriage - rolling - day the three musketeer , plus phillippe , be hurry back toward Paris . athos aramis , this will never -- aramis Louis be plan a visit to the vatican , then who know where after that . if we miss he now we may not get another chance . athos but -- aramis it press we but it be good for we too ! Louis ' whim make he more vulnerable . we be less ready , but so be he guard ! porthos d'artagnan , unready ? athos at a ball , everyone watch the King ! aramis but what if something extraordinary happen ? something so unusual that all the attention go to someone else ? someone whose confirmation of phillippe the King would never be question . porthos who ? aramis the Queen mother . Anne . and aramis lean forward to tell they he plan ... ext . palace - day team of servant be filing in and out of the palace with food and flower , decorate the ballroom for the ball that evening . in contrast , Anne and she devout retinue of nun move in single file toward the garden chapel . int . garden chapel - day the nun kneel at the altar as Anne enter the confessional . int . confessional booth - day anne bless I Father , for I have sin . father bell so have I . he slide open the partition window between they . anne Father belle -- ?! he tap a silencing finger to he lip . anne they tell I you be dead . father bell I be . I see you be still a woman of faith . I have come back to ask you if you believe that one lie can poison you whole life ... and one truth can put it back together again . Anne stare at the eye of the priest , back from hell . int . palace - king be room - day as Louis ' tailor outfit he in a dazzle gold peacock costume , complete with a jewele mask at the end of a wand , he amuse himself by look out the window at the beautiful young woman arrive early for the ball . louis it shall be interesting tonight . d'artagnan enter , look concerned . d'artagnan you majesty . this ball , with a open invitation to the nobility of Paris -- we have no way of check -- louis you will protect I as you always have , d' artagnan . through the window Louis see more beautiful young woman . louis by the way , Claude -- inform Mademoiselle beaufort that she will be move from she room -- he look up to see that Michelle have enter through the open door behind he . louis never mind , it seem we have already tell she . but Michelle 's appearance bring he up short . it be not the cruel brush -off ; she be already harshly different : she eye be red from cry , she lip be tight in anger . michelle murderer ! murderer ! she hold a letter , crush in she hand . michelle I write fromberge ! under you seal ! I write as you , demand to know why he disregarded my order to keep raoul from danger ! he write back : " but you majesty ! you last letter order I to put he in front of the cannon ! " she hurl the crumpled letter into he face . everyone be freeze , silent . she stagger toward Louis as if to attack he , then fall to she knee , weep . no one help she ... except d' artagnan . he kneel , hug she shoulder , help she to she foot , and guide she toward she room . but d' artagnan look back once , toward Louis . louis hysterical woman . claude sire , misuse of the royal seal -- ! louis she will be go tomorrow . as d' artagnan and Michelle move out , they pass Anne , come in . Anne and d' artagnan exchange a look ; he remember to give she a respectful nod , but she move past , into the King 's dress room . Louis be surprised . louis mother -- ? anne May I speak with you ? alone ? louis I be prepare for a ball ! anne we have not visit in three year . and we should have privacy . exasperate , Louis wave he attendant away . louis what be it , mother ? anne I wish to discuss you brother . louis he be dead ! by God 's choice ! there be nothing to discuss . anne first they tell I he have die at birth . then you father admit he be alive , but well care for , in secret . but the message that tell of he death say he have be a prisoner . louis I be King , mother ! and I do not wish to discuss this with you . anne he be my blood -- and I demand to know what happen to he . louis why would you ask now ? you never ask before ! anne because I have dream of he . not as the baby they take away , but as a man . louis you have pray too much . you mind be weak . avoid she stare , Louis lift a plaster bust of he father , its eye like the sightless pupil of Greek god . anne I believe in dream , Louis . they be we soul speak to we , from that world beyond we eye . and that son I never see in daylight be stand in the moonlight of my dream . and he wear a iron mask . we see she from a low angle , from a Pov behind Louis -- and we see the plaster bust burst upon the marble floor . louis it -- it do not matter , mother ! he be dead now ! Dead ! anne yes. Dead . two night ago . the night of my dream . and the night of Louis ' " dream . " Anne begin to walk out . louis if ... if he be wear a iron mask in you dream , then how could you know he be you son ? Louis smile ; he think he have she . anne then you do do it , Louis . you do put you brother in a iron mask . all the blood be go from Louis ' face . Anne walk from the room , past Louis ' wait tailor . he snap at they . louis I have a ball to attend ! they rush in . as they scurry about , dress he in gold , Louis ' composure return ; he stare at himself in the golden mirror , like what he see ... and smile . ext . road - night aramis ' carriage pull off the road and into the tree . the musketeer and phillippe pile out , to find another much grander carriage there wait . aramis usher they into it . phillippe whose carriage be this ? porthos it be mine . but since you be about to be the king , it be yours . the new carriage lurch away . inside the new carriage be bundle of elaborate clothes . aramis phillippe first . they begin to dress phillippe in a masquerade costume . aramis remember , phillippe ... nobility be bear in the heart . athos hold you goblet with two finger . porthos and make love as if you do not care . the way king do . and fart whenever you wish . aramis tuck a note into phillippe 's pocket . aramis remember , all you have to do be get through tonight . smile and nod a lot , and if you get stick just wave and announce , " continue . " in the morning you hand this note to d' artagnan , pardon athos and instruct that he , aramis and porthos be bring to the palace as you advisor . and all be well . phillippe nod ; everyone 's nervous . aramis grab more clothes and hand they out . aramis now the rest of we . ext . the palace - night carriage disgorge guest , wildly attire for the masquerade ball . porthos ' carriage pull in among they . int . palace ballroom - night a magnificent masquerade ball be in full swirl ; the dazzle light of chandelier bounce off the gilt ceiling and sparkles on the jewel of swirl dancer , they number multiply in the polished mirror that line the wall . the King be dance and laugh with sexy young lady . d' artagnan stand to the side of the ballroom , ever watchful , ever remote . as the dancer swirl , each one wear a distinctive mask in the garish style favore by the french nobility of the 1600's , we see one particular couple -- a large man , with a excessively large woman . they be dance vigorously , and as they take a break behind a huge pillar , they lift they mask enough for we to see that the man be aramis , and the " woman " be porthos . from the fold of they elaborate costume they both withdraw replica of the iron mask that phillippe once wear . porthos d'artagnan watch everything . we have to be lucky . aramis we will make we own luck tonight ... if phillippe hold up . aramis peer across the ballroom , to where athos and phillippe mix among the reveler , use thin stick to hold broad mask to they face . behind the mask we see they eye -- athos ' intense , phillippe 's nervous and darting . athos stay calm , you be do fine . then phillippe 's eye go strangely still ; he see , for the first time in he life , he twin brother , the King . phillippe my brother ... Louis dance the minuet , prancing as if he be the center of the universe ; but this bliss be break when one of the dancer who swirl by he -- it be aramis -- lift the baroque outer mask he 's wear and reveal a iron mask beneath . the King stagger , stop . the sight stun he , confuse he ; he look around but the wearer of the mask have disappear among the weaving pattern of dancer . Louis ' hand dart to he eye : be they play trick on he ? see he reaction , phillippe whisper -- phillippe he know . he know what they do to I . the young beauty dance with Louis notice he falter . young beauty what be wrong , you majesty ? louis nothing , I -- continue . Louis rejoin the dance ... and then see , on the balcony above he , a different person -- a huge " woman , " porthos -- who lift off a outer mask to reveal a iron mask below . louis there ! do you see it ? young beauty see what , majesty ? porthos have slip away from the railing when the King look back up ; the young beauty see nothing , and turn back to the King with a look that question he sanity . d'artagnan notice the King 's reaction -- though he do not see the glimpse of the iron mask -- and be just as baffle as everyone else when the King turn and stagger away . d'artagnan you majesty ...? louis ... tired . must ... lie down . the music splatter to a awkward stop ; Louis hurry out , leave he partner abandon in the center of the ballroom , with everyone stare as if she just ruin the party . d'artagnan carry on , everyone ... the music begin again , and the party goer , not know what else to do , politely continue . athos draw phillippe away from the ballroom , into a side corridor . at the foot of the stair to the balcony porthos waddle down stair , and meet aramis . aramis Quick , to the passage . they hurry in the same direction athos and phillippe go . int . palace hallway - outside the king bedroom - night d'artagnan catch up to the King as he be enter the door of he royal apartment . d'artagnan you majesty , be there anything -- ? the King shut the door in d' artagnan 's face . int . the king be bedroom - night the King fall upon he bed , press he hand to he head . int . palace corridor - night the three musketeer and phillippe move quietly up a stairway and to the door of a room . phillippe whisper ... phillippe the room of the King 's favorite mistress ? athos she will be at the ball . int . michelle's apartment - night the door open and they move in ; it be in fact empty , though a mess . they move to the wall , where aramis , after a little look , locate the lever to open the wall / door to the King 's secret passageway . aramis enter first , the other follow . we half expect Michelle to pop up at any moment , but the musketeer enter the passage without incident . int . secret passage - night aramis silently lead the other through the secret passage , to the portal into the King 's bedroom . int . king bedchamber - night the King be lie on the bed ; we see he from the Pov of someone approach he slowly , silently . when he eye open in panic , it be too late ... we see aramis , athos , porthos from the king Pov as they swarm he . aramis it be judgment Day . his fist drop into frame ... Louis lose consciousness . louis ' Pov as consciousness return . he see phillippe in Louis ' clothes . aramis , athos and porthos bow and say ... musketeer you majesty . louis , still on he bed , now wear phillippe 's clothes . louis wh -- wha -- aramis do not look so shocked , phillippe . come , you be go back to prison . louis phillippe ?! why do you call I -- now Louis understand everything . he try to struggle , but instantly porthos shove a rag into he mouth . aramis open the main door a crack , and see d' artagnan have enter he room down the corridor , through whose open door he can guard the approach to the King 's room . aramis shut the door again and turn to the other . aramis d'artagnan guard the hallway ! you must go back the way we come ! athos put he hand on phillippe 's shoulder . athos now , you majesty . it be time . aramis and porthos bow again to phillippe -- now dress and look exactly like the King . phillippe 's mouth be dry ; he swallow hard , and follow athos up the hide stair . int . michelle's bedchamber athos and phillippe move to the door ; they stop there , and athos adjust phillippe 's costume one more time . athos you know the way . phillippe nod , tremendously nervous . athos you have you note ? phillippe pat he pocket , like a boy be send off to he first day at school . he surprise athos , hugging he . then phillippe open the door and walk slowly down the hallway . athos stand at the door and watch he go , all alone . athos whisper , though phillippe can not hear ... athos you have the heart of a king . reluctantly , he shut the door behind phillippe . in the hallway , following phillippe as he conduct himself through the ornate corridor , down the gild staircase ... and into -- int . ballroom - night phillippe enter the ballroom , and the reappearance of the " King " draw new attention . everyone in the dazzle ballroom seem to stop and look straight at phillippe . phillippe freeze . stare , everywhere , stare ! for what seem a eternity , he can not move . but then he raise he hand and say -- phillippe continue . as if by magic the music play , the dance resume . phillippe move to the throne and take he place upon it . he seem to have make it ; people glance -- dance lady , young musketeer , old advisor -- but no one give he a second look . for a moment , phillippe feel safe . and then he see Michelle , she eye glassy and rivete upon he . she wear she most beautiful gown -- the first one Louis give she -- but one shoulder strap dangle sloppily . her lip and cheek be awkwardly rouge , she hair be muss ; she be drunk . she weave she way to he and curtsy elaborately . michelle my gracious noble lord ... phillippe 's heart be pound ; he look around for help . he can only guess who this woman be . the advisor have now notice she ; Claude quickly dispatch order to keep the party go along , and wave guard over . phillippe how be you ... Michelle ? she do not react , so he must have guess right ; but phillippe know nothing of what happen just before the ball , and he 's ambush by she anger . michelle how should I be ? I come to give this back to you . she start tear off she dress . Claude and the guard reach she ; the young musketeer grab she . claude fret not with this , you majesty -- but Michelle fight , slapping , claw -- and when one of the young musketeer grab she from behind , he arm to she throat , phillippe jump up . phillippe stop ! you be hurt she ! phillippe 's face show something Louis ' never do : compassion . he look into Michelle 's eye . phillippe however I have wronge you I will make amend . whatever the cost . phillippe could not have say anything more unlike Louis ; everyone who hear the remark -- Claude , the guard , and especially Michelle -- stare at he in freeze amazement . phillippe realize he blunder ; they have catch he . the music stop . but the attention be not direct at the throne ; all eye shift to the main doorway , where Anne have appear . she be indescribably beautiful ; she wear a bright gown , she hair be brush and bejewel , she radiate the light of a woman who feel old at thirty and who have discover , at forty , that she be more stun than ever . her arrival draw even more attention than the reappearance of the King ; everyone watch transfix as she approach . phillippe see she -- he mother . he stand on leg that seem to have no bone . his mother . she move to he , she eye fill with tear . when she be almost to the throne , phillippe fall to he knee before she and kiss she hand . no one can believe it , not from this King . yet the moment strike they as beautiful , and they applaud happily . phillippe and the Queen mother rise , and guide each other -- depend on each other for support , to a seat , he on the throne , she on a seat the servant place beside he . phillippe give a wave . phillippe continue . the ball continue , the music exuberant . Michelle wander away , like a blind lamb . phillippe and he mother sit side by side , hold hand , they reunion pass in private between they clasped hand , and glisten in they eye . int . the palace corridor - night Michelle , alone and forget , stagger down the corridor toward the King 's room ; she pass d' artagnan 's open door . int . the king bedchamber - the three musketeer be tidy everything up ; they have Louis gag and truss up hand and foot , he eye flash hatred . athos do not worry , you majesty . we have a prison for you , where you can rest peacefully . porthos drape Louis over he shoulder , and they move into the passage . just as they close the portal behind they , the door open and Michelle wander in like a zombie . suddenly , d' artagnan be at she shoulder . d'artagnan Michelle -- then he see the room be empty ; he think Louis be here . d'artagnan where be he ? michelle in ... the ballroom . but he be not the same man . int . ballroom - night as a minuet end , Claude raise he glass in a toast . claude to King Louis ! and to Anne , the Queen mother ! the guest applaud and reach for wine glass ; servant present phillippe and Anne with champagne , and they sip -- guest to King Louis , and the Queen mother ! everyone drink ; phillippe suddenly remember to hold he glass in he fingertip -- and it slip through he nervous finger , hit the floor with a crash . Dead silence ; everyone be look . then Anne drop she glass too -- and everybody do it , as if to break the glass be part of the celebration . as the music begin again , Anne lean to phillippe -- anne I retire now . wait two waltze , then retire to you room ; and spend the night in safety . we have much to talk about , and have the rest of we life to do it . phillippe good night , mother . anne good night ... my son . she kiss he on the cheek ; it bring tear to both of they . she move to the door , everyone bow as she leave . just outside the ballroom door Anne encounter d' artagnan . he stop , so take by the sight of she that no one see they could miss that he love she . d'artagnan Anne ! you look -- remember himself , he bow deeply . d'artagnan my Queen ... anne d'artagnan . she take he hand , not caring who be watch . d'artagnan I have never see a sight more beautiful than you , tonight . anne we have much to discuss . tomorrow . she move off , toward she room . d' artagnan enter the ballroom . int . ballroom - night d'artagnan see " Louis " sit on the throne . more baffle than alarmed , he grab one of the musketeer guard near he . d'artagnan how long have the King be back ? guard some while , Captain . d'artagnan he do not pass my doorway , I be in my room . guard he must have , Captain , there be no other way here . d'artagnan stand and think ; he mind begin to spin . phillippe see d' artagnan , stare at he ... then call more guard over and give they quick instruction ; the guard hurry away . then d' artagnan move to phillippe , and bow . he look at he carefully , but seem to see nothing unusual . phillippe continue . d'artagnan sire , we have a emergency -- of security . I must ask you to accompany I . phillippe ... the ball ... continue . d'artagnan I must insist , sire . phillippe stand , and follow d' artagnan from the ball . int . passage to river - night aramis , athos and porthos -- carry Louis -- descend the secret passage to the foundation of the palace , into a drainage channel lead to the river . they have stashed a boat there ; they plop Louis into it and climb in themselves . they row toward the archway that be the exit to the river ; the moonlit water of the seine glow outside , like a beacon of safe escape . but the steel grate of the archway slam down just before they reach it , and blade point at they from every angle of the darkness . a shield lantern rise and its wick be turn up , revealing d'artagnan he stand with a small contingent of young musketeer . his eye be intense , he face in agony . d'artagnan my friend . the only one they can see it d' artagnan . they all look at each other , in the small circle of light from the lantern . d'artagnan only we four , the most trust musketeer , know about the passage , mean to keep the King safe ... you majesty ... phillippe step out of the darkness ; he eye be full of shame and failure as he look at athos , but still he hold on , try to maintain the charade that he be Louis . phillippe yes ...? why do you bring I here , d' artagnan ? porthos the King ! look ! it 's the King ! he mean phillippe . d'artagnan then who be that lie beside you ? porthos turn and look at Louis -- then react as if he 's totally surprised at the presence of this man tie up and gag beside he . porthos wh -- ? where do he come from ? athos grab d' artagnan 's arm . athos if you ever love I -- if you ever love honor , or anything else -- then stand now , and let it happen . d'artagnan I cannot , athos . dearly as I love you , I cannot . d'artagnan take he dagger and cut the rope that bind Louis ' hand , and the gag that have keep he from talk . aramis suddenly backhand Louis , knock he flat on he back in the boat , and point to he -- Louis . aramis this man be a impostor . we catch he try to impersonate the King , and be just get rid of he . Louis struggle upright . louis d'artagnan , arrest they all ! aramis shut up , knave ! aramis slap Louis again , and plead with he eye that d' artagnan accept they ruse . d' artagnan be die inside . d'artagnan before I come here , I insisted the King come with I . the real Louis would never have let I insist . see they be about to be arrest , the old musketeer in the boat spring into action against they young counterpart . athos swat one swordsman with a oar ; porthos seize the guard who have grab a hold of the boat and fling the man back into two of he comrade ; aramis grab Louis by the hair and put he dagger to he throat . aramis pull they back , d' artagnan . d'artagnan you can not do it . aramis pull they back ! d'artagnan everyone back . aramis phillippe , get into the boat . into the boat ! now ! phillippe obey . aramis open the gate . d'artagnan nod to he man , and they open the iron gate lead out to the river . the boat make for the open . just as it be about to reach it , Louis force aramis ' hand . louis you will not shed royal blood ! he kick at the boat and struggle to stand , make the boat tip wildly and throw everyone in it all around . aramis draw the dagger away from Louis ' throat to keep from kill he , and d' artagnan make a grab at Louis and drag he onto the stone floor of the channel . the boat be almost through the open -- and Louis snatch at he brother , phillippe . the current outside the gate be rush by , and the boat be already catch in the current ; it 's pull away and the musketeer can not stop it . athos seize phillippe 's leg and try to hold he , but the pressure of the current be great , and now not only Louis but some of the young musketeer be help hold phillippe . phillippe 's leg slip out of athos ' grasp , and the boat flash downriver ... aramis , porthos and athos have escape ... but phillippe be capture , look into the hate - fill eye of he twin brother Louis . int . secret passageway - night Louis be angrily climb through the passageway , back up into the main floor of the palace , venting he emotion at d' artagnan , just behind he ; the young musketeer with phillippe , they prisoner , follow along further back . louis I want all this passage seal ! another stupid idea of my father 's ! seal they all , every one ! d'artagnan it shall be do , you majesty . louis even the bedchamber passage ! let none remain ! d'artagnan yes , you majesty . they reach a doorway , and the King bang through it , into he own bedchamber , still spout anger . louis I be tell this impostor be dead ! d'artagnan ... you know you have a double ? louis he be my brother . d'artagnan be freeze in surprise . phillippe and he guard move into the room ; see he in full light , wear Louis ' own clothes , fan Louis ' anger ; he jump forward and begin rip the royal garment off phillippe . d'artagnan force himself between Louis and phillippe . d'artagnan I -- I think he be but ... a impostor who resemble -- louis my twin . which have keep he alive . until now . anne's voice no !! they whirl to see the Queen mother , who have enter through the main door . she hurry to the space between she son , hugging phillippe , then try to hug Louis . anne Louis , please -- ! louis my guard be useless ! take she from I ! he motion to the young musketeer to restrain she ; reluctantly they grip the arm of the Queen mother . louis what have you to do with this , mother ? anne he be you brother ! louis he be nothing now . Louis draw a sword from the scabbard of one of the young musketeer -- but d' artagnan step between he and phillippe . d'artagnan you majesty ... this man before you ... he be royal blood , the same as you . to spill it be the one thing even you cannot do . it be against the law of God , and of France . louis get out of my way . d'artagnan not once have I ever ask anything for myself . I ask now . forgive this man , this prisoner ... you brother . louis forgive ?! d'artagnan aramis , porthos and athos too . I know what they have do be a threat against you -- and yet that threat have be remove , with no harm come to you majesty . if they passion be in error , they spirit have ever be noble . forgive they . louis they have plotted against I ! I ! the embodiment of God 's will ! d' artagnan sink to he knee before the king . d'artagnan you majesty ... every day of you life , I have watch over you . no angel could have stand a more faithful vigil . I have ble for you , and have pray , every day , to see you become great than you office , better than the law . show I now what my faith and blood have purchase . show mercy . the word cut into everyone : Anne , phillippe , the young musketeer . but Louis ' eye be cold , as he respond -- louis you take the side of traitor ? phillippe please , may I speak ? m'lord ... I beg that you kill I . I release you , before almighty God , from any claim of sin in take my life . in fact I will pray that God reward you for you mercy to do it . but do not -- I beg you -- return I to the prison , where I have live so long . phillippe 's plea make Louis pause ... then smile . louis d'artagnan , you will hunt down aramis , porthos and athos , and bring I they head , or I will have yours . and as for you , phillippe ... back to the prison you shall go , and into the mask you hate . anne no , Louis ! no ! louis wear it until you love it . and die in it !! Anne scream , and Louis wave to the guard , who draw she from the room , as d' artagnan sag , on he knee before the King he have serve so faithfully . slowly , phillippe lower he head . int . d'artagnan room d'artagnan return to he bare room ; he sit down upon the bed and drop he face into he hand . then he hear the sound , like a scream , but short and muffle , almost like the whelp of a kick dog . he lift he head sharply ; where do that sound come from ? he be almost too tired , too sad , to investigate . then the King , already shake by the night 's event , hurry into d' artagnan 's room . louis what be that sound ?! do you hear it ? it come from Michelle 's room ! int . king bedchamber d'artagnan enter , ahead of Louis . they see nothing unusual , and d' artagnan move up the hide stair toward Michelle 's apartment . michelle's apartment d' artagnan enter the room , and find it empty -- but the window be open . he move toward it ... int . king bedchamber the King be pace as d' artagnan reappear . louis where be Michelle ? d'artagnan there . he point to the window . Louis shove open the drape and leap back in horror . Michelle have hang herself outside Louis ' window , the golden bunt of she bed tie as a noose around she neck . int . queen mother' apartment - dawn Anne have change ; she be torment , but alive with energy , pace . there be a knock at she door , and the old nun open it to d' artagnan . the old nun leave they alone ; d' artagnan move to Anne and take she hand , to look into she eye . d'artagnan there be two . not one . but two . anne I could not tell you . you have enough to carry . d'artagnan Anne ... the night we have together ... I always want more . but that one , it be enough . enough to make I love you forever . I want you to remember that ... and go on . as strong as you be now . no matter what happen . he kiss she . she drink in he love . then he stand and move to the door . he look back , then stare out . anne d'artagnan -- ? he look back once more ; he seem to want to tell she something ; but whatever it be , he can not find the word , and with a last loving look at she , he walk away . ext . establishing the bastille - night a sudden visual , establish the bastille , the horrific legendary prison of Paris . int . bastille - night phillippe , he head cover in a burlap hood , be rush through the twist stairway of the prison . int . a cell , in the bowel of the bastille the guard remove the hood , and phillippe see the cell . then he see the blacksmith there , with a new iron mask , and he eye take on a fresh horror . phillippe no. please ! no ! the guard seize he and the blacksmith place the mask over phillippe 's face , as he scream . they seal the mask with a small padlock , whose key be distinctive , and jewele . int . bastille - later the two guard and the blacksmith be come downstairs after complete they work . Far above they , in the prison tower , the cry of the prisoner echo ; he sound like a rave madman now . the two guard and the blacksmith enter a office at the base of the tower ; the bastille jailer look up . blacksmith pay I quick , I want out of here . Soldiers , sword draw , appear in the doorway behind they . guard what -- bastille jailer you see the prisoner 's face . understand , the blacksmith raise he hammer toward the soldier ; but he be stab in the back by the jailer , and the soldier skewer the two guard who help he . a soldier lift the jewele key from the hand of a dead guard . the key be hand to the King by Andre , the young Lieutenant . Louis hang the key around he own neck , with a thin gold chain . louis now . where be d' artagnan ? lieutenant out direct the search for the traitor . louis when he return , watch he . when he leave again , you tell I . the Lieutenant bow . Louis smile , and finger the key . ext . paris street - night squad of young musketeer gallop along the river , and through the dark street around it , search ... along the back wall of notre dame cathedral , three form scurry through the darkness : aramis , porthos and athos , heaving , wheeze . they duck into a niche of the wall to avoid capture from another patrol gallop by . then aramis unlock a door in the cathedral wall and they stagger in . int . catacomb the three musketeer struggle through the catacomb , reach the chapel , and fall gasp to the floor . aramis bloody hell ... athos we can not ... stay here . that traitor d' artagnan ... know about this place . porthos can we eat ... before we go ? this excitement 's give I a appetite . aramis bread and wine ... in that cupboard . porthos haul himself to he foot and turn up the wick of the lantern . the rise light reveal a note , stick to the cupboard with the blade of a dagger . porthos a note . pin with a dagger , like the old day . he remove the note , and read ... porthos " phillippe have be remove to the bastille , to the lower dungeon . at midnight tonight I will order the guard change , and will delay the replacement for ten minute . that should give you ample time . never have I need more to say : one for all , and all for one . d'artagnan . " athos he lure we to capture . aramis he seek redemption . athos you be a fool ! aramis perhaps . but of d' artagnan I be certain . what he do tonight be what he tell we all along he would do -- be faithful to he King . athos so what have change ? aramis perhaps he serve a different king . porthos what choice be there ? if phillippe be in the bastille , then to the bastille we will go . athos you be right . but it be a trap . porthos so what ? I would rather die cover in blood , than a old man , lie in my own piss . aramis then to the bastille . athos to the bastille . and death . ext . bastille - night the stone wall rise into the Paris night seem to ooze evil . the building look impossible to get into , much less get out of ; its door appear to be solid block of wood , encase in stone rampart . we hear a sharp , echoing knock ; aramis , athos , and porthos stand outside the main entrance , athos slump between the other two like a beat captive be deliver to jail . no one answer they knock ; the three musketeer exchange doubtful glance , and porthos knock again . a guard inside slide open a view port of the massive door . porthos open up ! we have a prisoner ! the port shut , bolt rattle , and the great door heave open . the musketeer glance at each other again , and play they role , aramis and porthos drag athos inside . int . the bastille - MAIN courtyard - night the prison courtyard be murky in the darkness , and ringed by door lead into maze of corridor to its dungeon . guard take he down to level three . the Captain will see to the document . aramis and porthos drag athos into one of the shadowy portal surround the courtyard . int . bastille - various shot - night the three musketeer duck into the inky shadow ; aramis cut the bond that hold athos ' hand , and give he the extra sword he have beneath he cloak . porthos it work ! athos it 's a prison , you idiot ! they do not expect anyone to try get in ! the problem will come when we want out ! aramis shush they , and lead they into another quiet corridor . they hear the distant bell of a church , then suddenly they must scramble , as a platoon of guard carry torch troop up stair into the corridor ; the musketeer dart like rat into dark nook ; as the guard pass , the musketeer huddle , and the bell end they toll . aramis Midnight ! we have ten minute ! they press on , deeper into the bastille . int . palace - anne's room - night Anne move to the window , where she start to kneel for she nightly prayer ; but she stop . outside in the garden , far below she window , be d' artagnan on horseback , wait . they eye connect . he have a single rise in he hand . never take he eye from she , he place the rise on the stone bench of the garden , and rein he horse away . then she understand what he be try to tell she before , in the hallway ; it be goodbye . ext . palace garden - night d'artagnan ride away quickly , pass -- without see -- Lieutenant Andre , who have be watch he . ext . paris street - night through the night d' artagnan gallop . we see he destination in the distance : the bastille . ext . the palace gate - night the great gate of the palace swing slowly open , and out ride a whole platoon of young musketeer , surround Louis himself , on horseback and dress like a soldier . int . the bastille - various shot the three musketeer scramble down a flight of stair , through another corridor , down another stairway . they pass cell ; wretch prisoner look up , but none of they be phillippe . then the musketeer surprise a jailer . jailer hey ...! but before the man can say anything else , porthos have crush he like a bug against the wall . they rip the huge ring of key from the jailer 's waist , and take he torch . phillippe' cell he lie on the floor ; he see the light of a torch , come to he like sunrise ... and then he hear a voice -- athos phillippe ...? phillippe how do you -- they open the door and release he -- from the cell , but not from the mask . he try to hug athos . they head back the way they come . ext . paris street - night Louis and he platoon of young musketeer ride through the street , scatter the pauper who sleep there . int . bastille - various shot - night back up the stair ... through one corridor ... they start up the second flight of stair , then stop and scramble back . aramis ( whisper ) someone 's come ! they take cover on either side of the corridor , and lift they sword . it 's a man come down the stair , with a hood lantern ... they raise they sword to strike -- porthos d'artagnan ! d'artagnan the way be block above . the Captain of the bastille have turn back from the mission I send he on , and be in the courtyard with a party of man . athos he lie . he be here to trap we . d'artagnan I come to see you safely out . check for yourself . porthos climb the stair to check ; d'artagnan look at phillippe , in the mask . d'artagnan all you have suffer , I would gladly have borne myself , to keep it from you . athos spit on the floor , in derision . but porthos come barrel back down the stairway . porthos d'artagnan be right , the courtyard be fill with soldier ! d'artagnan this way . he lead they quickly down a side corridor ; the other have no choice but to follow . a side corridor d'artagnan lead they around another corner , into a long corridor ; at the end of it be a massive door . they reach it , and d' artagnan produce a set of key mark with the royal seal of the musketeer ; he begin unlock the three padlock that secure the door . d'artagnan once you be through , do not stop until you reach the river . aramis they will know you help we , if we go this way . d'artagnan that do not matter now . they open the door ... and as they do they see Louis and he platoon of young musketeer arrive outside . louis there ! stop they ! athos betray ! the young musketeer serve the King jump from they horse and grab for the door ; but d' artagnan leap forward , he sword flash . after a second of surprise , athos , aramis and porthos jump forward too , and there be a brief , bloody skirmish at the door . but the young musketeer have overwhelming number , and firearm too ; protect phillippe , the old musketeer draw back inside and succeed at pull the door shut and latching it quickly . aramis back the way we come ! they race back up the corridor -- the four musketeer , and phillippe , in the iron mask -- and turn the corner . they reach another inner door , pass through it -- and see the soldier of the bastille come at they . aramis back ! they retreat , and porthos slam the second door . like all the inner door of the bastille , it 's heavy wood , a foot thick , and porthos seal it with a huger iron bar . but there 's nowhere else to run . athos trapped . at the far end of the corridor , the King 's young musketeer have the same key to the outer door that d' artagnan do , and they be break through . Louis and two dozen of he personal bodyguard pour through the door . louis charge they ! the young musketeer obediently charge down the corridor . stepping up shoulder to shoulder -- aramis , d' artagnan , athos , porthos -- the four veteran musketeer meet the charge , first with pistol , then with sword , a wall between Louis ' man and phillippe . the battle in the cramped confines of the corridor be bloody and fierce ; the young attacker can only get a few man into the fight at any one time , and that who step before the famous veteran be cut down . Louis ' young musketeer retreat , to regroup . at louis ' end of the corridor Louis be furious , jump at Lieutenant Andre , who have drag a wounded comrade back from the fight . louis coward ! twenty run from four ?! lieutenant the corridor nullify we number ... and no one have stomach to fight the Captain . Louis be disgust by this loyalty -- and he have a solution . louis d'artagnan ! at the other end of the corridor Louis ' voice echoe down to the veteran musketeer and phillippe , in the Iron mask . louis ' voice I be not angry with you . I know you would lead I to they , and so you have ! Lay down you sword , and I will not punish you ! I will let you retire in peace -- to live out you day in the countryside ! and I will give you friend a swift execution , if you surrender now . the word bounce down the long corridor ; then silence . d'artagnan stand hold he sword , stare away from he friend , toward the King and he gang of young musketeer . aramis d'artagnan . perhaps you should accept he offer , for we be dead anyway . porthos he be right , d' artagnan . athos say nothing ; but when d' artagnan look at he , he lower he eye in shame for ever have doubted d' artagnan 's loyalty and friendship . phillippe speak up , from behind the Iron mask . phillippe wait . bargain I to Louis , for all you life . you have do you best . let I go , and let all of you find peace . d'artagnan no . even if I could give up my friend , I could never give up my son . this hit they like a bombshell -- and suddenly it all make sense ; d' artagnan 's loyalty to Louis , he dogge hope that he could somehow influence he toward goodness . we see they stunne face , each in turn : athos , aramis , porthos , and phillippe . d'artagnan I never have any idea you exist ... until they find you . and in all that time , I never have a moment 's pride as a father -- until now . d'artagnan and phillippe embrace , lose father to lose son . from the heavily bar door to they rear come a powerful pound ; the bastille 's soldier be try to break it down . time be run out . aramis look back down the corridor toward the door to the outside , bar now by Louis and he young guard , they long musket bristle like spike ; and yet that way be the only possible hope for escape to the outside . aramis d'artagnan ... that be young musketeer down there . they have be wean on we legend . they revere we -- it be a advantage . why do not we charge they ? d'artagnan I train that man myself . they will stand and fight . but if we be to die , let it be this way . he draw he sword and point it into the air . aramis lift the tip of he sword to join that of d' artagnan . porthos do too ... and then athos join they . athos one for all . all for one . phillippe if I could have a blade , then I would be please to run with you . d'artagnan give phillippe a dagger . they look at each other . then d' artagnan begin to scream . the other take up the shout . then they step around the corner , and charge . the last charge of the musketeer we film it in all its glory , a visual feast : the last charge of the musketeer . they cape swirl about time , they hair fly , they leg take on new life . at first the young musketeer at the end of the corridor be freeze in surprise ; they youthful Lieutenant be awed by the dash , beautiful bravery of the thing . lieutenant magnificent valor ... louis shoot they ! shoot they ! Louis grab a musket from one of the reluctant soldier and fire : sssboom ! with the first explosion of gunfire the other pull they triggers ; the powder in they weapon flash and crash ... the musket ball fly down the hallway , sparking off the stone wall and floor , ricochete , punch hole through the cape and flesh ... but still the musketeer charge like the young man they once be -- still be , in spirit . in the confines of the bastille 's stone corridor the noise be deafen , and the space in front of the guard be fill with the dense gray smoke of the gunpowder . none of they can see anything beyond it ... and all be quiet . lieutenant draw blade ! the King 's Guards draw they sword , and wait ; be all the old musketeer dead ? slowly the figure emerge from the smoke -- in slow motion , walk now , no need to run . all be wounded , but all be still alive . the four musketeer , along with phillippe , move slowly and steadily toward the blade of the young Guards ; a fight to the death ? so be it . but the young Lieutenant will have none of it ; as one of he man lift a sword to plunge it into the chest of d' artagnan , the young Lieutenant bat the sword down , with he own . lieutenant stop ! he step forward toward d' artagnan ; but instead of thrust he sword he salute with it . his man follow suit , salute and bow to the courage of this man they have grow up want to follow . King Louis , for the moment , be freeze . d'artagnan look back at phillippe ; he have bullet hole in two different place at the edge of he clothes , but he be unwounded . then d' artagnan see Louis , with he long dagger , leaping at phillippe . d'artagnan no ! d'artagnan throw himself between the two twin and hurl Louis backwards , then spin to phillippe . d'artagnan phillippe ! phillippe I be unhurt -- Louis bounce off the wall and thrust back again , drive the blade into d' artagnan 's back . d'artagnan 's face jolt ; he stagger , he leg buckle . d' artagnan fall into the arm of he friend . Louis stand hold he bloody dagger , everyone stare at he : d' artagnan , the old musketeer , the young one . phillippe you ! vicious ... evil ...! he leap into Louis , overwhelming he in fury , wrenching the dagger from he brother 's hand and grip he throat . d'artagnan phillippe ...! no ... do not ... he be you brother ! phillippe release Louis , who fall , choke , gasp . Lieutenant Andre be surprised by what he just hear . lieutenant brother ...? phillippe dart to d' artagnan , be cradle by athos ; athos lift a hand from d' artagnan 's back ; it be drench in blood . d' artagnan be die . athos , aramis , porthos ... none of they can speak . they grip d' artagnan , as if through they will alone they could keep he life from leak away . the young musketeer stand transfix , watch they legendary Captain die . phillippe sag ; he voice from behind the iron mask be tear by grief . phillippe all this time ... I be a lose secret . but you be hide all you loyalty , all you love . you be the man in the Iron mask . athos d'artagnan ... d'artagnan shhh . all my life , this be the death I have want . to die among you . one for all ... and all for ... he be go . phillippe rise with a slow , terrible resolve , and move to Louis . when Louis try to rise to he foot he find the blade of the young Lieutenant Andre point at he chest . lieutenant all my life , all I ever want to be ... be he . he point to d' artagnan . phillippe rip away the key that dangle around Louis ' neck . CUT to : at the other door where the soldier of the bastille's commander be finally break through ; work the massive door aside they find -- the king with he guard , and aramis , athos , porthos , along with they prisoner , in the Iron mask . lieutenant we have recapture the prisoner . man in the iron mask no , no ! I be you -- a blow in he chest from the Lieutenant stun the prisoner and drop he to he knee . the King order the bastille governor -- king you will put this madman where no one can hear he insanity . let he be feed by a deaf mute . but feed he well , and let he have a long life within the Iron mask . bastille governor and they ? he mean aramis , porthos , and athos . king they be my loyal servant . man in the iron mask no! no ...! but the guard be drag he to the deep , darkest dungeon of the bastille . dissolve to : ext . lane of elm - beside the palace - day at the end of a lane of elm , where the marker of king 's grave stand cluster , royal workmen place a mighty marble monument stone above the final rest place of d' artagnan . athos , aramis , porthos , and the King -- phillippe , know as King Louis now -- stand gather there , as aramis in he priest 's garment utter the funeral incantation . aramis ' voice break as he do so . porthos ' eye pour out river of tear . athos ' grief be beyond weep . phillippe hold the arm of he mother . she hold the rise d' artagnan leave she . aramis amen . athos move up between aramis and porthos , and link they with he arm . athos he be the best of we all . aramis and porthos move off together , to walk the lane of elm ; athos remain by the grave , unable to leave . phillippe pat Anne 's arm . phillippe I will be with you in a moment , mother . she too move down the lane of tree , touch the tip of the rise pedal to she lip as the tear run down she face . phillippe move up to athos . phillippe after all you have do , I must ask you one more service to you king . I have lose my father . and you have lose you son . let I love you like a son to a father . and I pray you live for this , to love I like you son . athos can not speak ; he can only nod yes . phillippe move to join he mother , leave athos to take one final look down at the grave . then as athos move off to join aramis and porthos , we pan from the name " d'artagnan " on the stone , to the pattern chisele beneath the name . it be a mask , of iron . fade out .