E diving bell ind the butterely adapted screenplay by int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day blackness . silence . the blackness slowly , very slowly , begin to lighten . as if ata distance the SOUND of two voice , a man 's and a woman 's chat , little more than intermittent murmur . then , suddenly close : afemale voice ( urgent ) look ! he 's waking - amale voice page Dr. cocheton . quickly . almost immediately : the female voice Dr. cocheton , come to room 119 please , Dr. cocheton to room 119 , please - asudden flash : the face of two nurse , one male , the other female . then , just as suddenly , blackness again . the male voice no , no , Jean - Dominique , open you eye - like a flicker eyelid a picture begin to take shape : a small , bare hospital room , the face of the nurse either side of a bed , both look down expectantly , directly into camera . the camera be jean -dominique bauby , known as jean -do . as he eye open he see first the foot of he bed , then curl , paralyse hand on the yellow sheet , the iv pole hang over he , and the two nurse , smile , lean towards he . the female nurse pat he cheek . female nurse ( gentle ) Jean -dominique ? ( a flicker ) no , no , keep you eye open , you have be asleep for a long time , you be waking up now . can you hear I ? brief silence , then the sound of a door open and close . another figure suddenly appear , the nurse give way for he as he come close to the head of the bed . he 's dr . cocheton , mid-30s , handsome , confident . he wear a white coat , stethoscope round he neck . he look down at jean -do . dr . cocheton monsieur bauby ? excellent . now , open you eye wide - try to keep they open - good man - apierce light . it 's the doctor be ophthalmoscope shine directly into jean - do's eye . he switch it off . dr . cocheton ( cont would ) ( slowly , reassuringly ) do not be alarmed . you be in a hospital . I be a doctor . myname 's cocheton . this be nurse . we be here to take care of you . do you remember what happen ? int . car - day quick flash : the face of a young boy ( theophile ) seat in the front beside the driver ( unseen ) , terrify , and int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day as before : cocheton and the nurse . jean -do' voice ( a whisper ) vaguely - dr . cocheton ( slowly and insistent ) do you remember what happen ? jean - do ’'s voice say , vaguely - cocheton try to conceal he anxiety . dr . cocheton ( gently ) you be in the Naval Hospital , berck - sur - mer . on the coast . in normandy . you be treat firstin Paris , and then bring here . do you remember that ? jean -do' voice I be not sure - cocheton flick a look of concern at the nurse . dr . cocheton you see , Jean - Dominique , you have have a stroke . you have be in a coma for almost three week . but now you be waking up and you will be fine , | promise you . I be just go to give you one or two simple test . | want you to keep you eye on I . jean-do' eye follow cocheton as he edge slowly down the side of the bed to the foot , then to the other side . dr . cocheton ( cont would ) good . you understand - jean -do' voice of course | understand - dr . cocheton when | say blink , please blink . ( a blink ) excellent . now , tell I you name . jean -doa voice Jean -dominique bauby . dr . cocheton come on , try , try really hard , say you name . jean -do' voice just do . dr . cocheton try say you child 's name . jean - do's voice céleste . théophile . cocheton glance at the nurse who be also plainly concerned . then cocheton again look at jean - do . dr . cocheton all right , do not worry . it 's a slow process . you speech will come back . jean -do' voice ica not speak ? but cocheton and the nurse leave the immediate vicinity of the bed and huddle in a corner where they confer in whisper , they back to jean - do . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) why can not you hear I ? ( a dread realisation ) oh , Christ . | can not speak . ( he look at he curl , lifeless hand ) | can not move . what 's happen to I ? | can not remember - | - 1 - ( a hollow cry ) my name be jean-dominique bauby . ( cocheton and the nurse continue to confer ) oh , my God - ( try to calm himself ) all right , all right , I have have a stroke - my speech will come back - my memorywill come back - ( become drowsy ) - I will be patient - oh , God - okay , okay - | believe you - | believe - | believe - his voice trail off and he eye close . the screen go black . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day blackness . achapel bell begin to toll seven . jean -do' eye slowly open to see a fray curtain over a window admit the first ray of dawn . his eye find the wall by he bed to which there be pin a variety of item : photo of two child - a boy and a girl - poster , sign photo of two or three good-look woman ( one of they sylvie ) , child 's drawing , especially one of mickey mouse . and dozen of get-well card . and there 's a intercom nearer the door . then , also on the wall but close to the bed , he catch sight of a glass frame : in ita cover of elle 's magazine with two beautiful model ina seductive pose . but he also see he own very dim reflection in the glass : a prostrate figure in a bed and two stare eye . the bell finish toll . his eye linger on the reflection . the door open and the female nurse bustles in . female nurse monsieur , bauby - she go to the window and , with a flick , open the curtain to admit early morning sunlight . as more light enter , he image in the glass frame disappear . she turn to the bed , all smile . female nurse ( cont would ) now . let 's see - ( check the drip feed and tracheostomy ) - what have you be up to during the night ? jean -do' voice | pay a fly visit to New York . what happen to you ? female nurse ( fill in a chart ) you be do very well . and this morning you have a important visitor . Dr. lepage , you neurologist . so we want you at you very best - she go to the tv set at the foot of he bed , turn iton and leave . on the tv screen a cartoon of a frog leaping about , swim , hopping insanely to the accompaniment of appropriately jaunty music . jean -do' voice it | could only be that frog . he close he eye . screen goe dark . he open they again : the door burst open and dr . lepage enter , smile . he be in he 5as , avuncular , kindly , well - meaning . he be accompany by dr . cocheton and the two nurse . dr . lepage ( as he enter ) good morning , good morning . my name 's Alain lepage , I be you neurologist . you know Dr. cocheton , of course . ( sit on the bed ) Jean - Dominique - no , no , you friend call you Jean - do , so that 's what I be go call you . Jean - do . because | want you to think of I as you friend , and as you friend ... ( smile and then become serious ) Jean - do , | know how difficult this be for you . | also know that nobody have explain to you the full extent of you condition . well , that 's myjob . yes . my job . ( accept the burden witha sentimental smile ) you have have what we call a cerebrovascular accident . it 's put you brain stem out of action . the brain stem be a essential component of we internal computer , the link between the brain and the spinal cord . \n the past , we would have say you would have a massive stroke . you would very probably have die . but now we have such improve resuscitation technique that we be able to prolong life . jean -doa voice be this life ? dr . lepage ( overlap ) yes , prolong life . I be not go to mince word . you be paralyze from head to toe . and , as you now must have realise , you be unable to speak . ( allow it to sink in ) you have what we call ' lock - in syndrome 's . ( very clearly ) ' lock - in syndrome 's . and while he allow that also to sink in : jean -do' voice ( a gasp ) oh Christ , noirtier de villefort - insert a 19th century image of noirtier dr . lepage it will be of no comfort to you but you condition be extremely rare . extremely rare . and we simply do not know the cause . you do n'tsmoke and you be not a heavy drinker . so. I be afraid it 's just one of that thing . however , apart from be totally paralyse we believe you be normal in every other respect . jean -do' voice normal ? dr . lepage ( overlap ) and so there be hope . yes , hope . we know you brain be function . you be able to understand we . you follow we movement with you eye . although I be not entirely happy with you right eye - ( he pull at jean - dors eye and slightly distort the picture ) - but I will take a second opinion on that . good . so . we want you to take it easy fora few day - he stand . jean -do' voice what d' you think I be do now ? dr . lepage - and when you be stronger two beautiful young woman will visit you . | envy you because when | say beautiful , | mean beautiful . theyre therapist and theyre miracle worker . and so , as I say , there 's hope . I will come again . soon . you will be well look after . well look after . and while he confer with cocheton who take note - jean -doa voice ( echoing ) lock - in syndrome - the sound of bubbling water , and on the blink : CUT to : ext . a dark GREEN sea - day the sound of the bubbling water intense . into the murky green sea , a large diving bell of shine silver be lower . when the diving bell be fully submerge , silence . at the porthole a face : it 's jean - do but obscure by the fog of he panicked breath on the glass . he 's hammer desperately at the porthole with he fist . then : afemale voice Jean - do ? int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day two exceptionally attractive young woman , both in white tunic , be stand close together at the bedside . one be sandrine , petite , charming , unsentimental and with a touch of steel . the other , beatrice , be shapely and chic , even manage to make a fashion statement of she tunic . beatrice watch he intently while sandrine smile a dazzle , reassure smile . jean -do' voice I be dead and I have go to heaven . sandrine hello . my name be sandrine . beatrice and I be béatrice . sandrine find a chair and sit . beatrice remain stand . jean -do' voice just my luck . I have get this two by my bed and I be helpless . to they tunic be pin identical id badge with the word : therapist sandrine I be tell you can blink you eye . so , | want you to blink once for yes , twice for no . ( show he she badge ) can you read what this say ? ( one blink ) good , Jean - do . beatrice I be the physiotherapist , and my priority be to get you to swallow . so I will be work on you tongue and lip - jean - do's voice sound fun - sandrine and I be the speech therapist . until you can actually speak again | have to find a way for you to communicate . beatrice we will be totally honest with you . neither of we have ever treat anyone with lock - in syndrome ... 10 . jean -doa voice great . beatrice .. which mean we be go to have to work very hard . sandrine so we would better get start - beatrice | just come in to introduce myself . good luck - sandrine allow beatrice to leave then turn she attention to jean -do . sandrine Jean - do , | want you to know that this be perhaps the most important job I have ever be give and I be determine to succeed . with you help , of course . ( smile ) we be go to start by find out how much you understand . I will ask question and you answer . but , remember , you answer by blink once for yes or twice for no . ready ? ( one blink ; she consult a note pad ) good . be the sun too bright for you ? ( two blink ) be laman ? ( two blink ) be la woman ? ( several rapid blink ; she laugh softly ) be it midnight now ? ( two blink ) be we in Paris ? ( two blink ) be we in berck ? ( one blink ) do you remember have you stroke ? on the blink : 11 . int . car - day quick flash : theophlle , terrify , next to the driver , open the door and get out fast , then int , jean - dors room , naval hospital - day as before : sandrine . sandrine can we see wood with a hammer ? ( two blink ) do wood float on water ? ( one blink ) be you the editor of elle magazine ? on the blink : ext . elle magazine build , paris - day rain . heaw , noisy traffic . acar pull out of the traffic and draw up at a ultra-modern high - rise building with the elle logo . adoorman rush out with a umbrella and hold it over the passenger who emerge from the back . it 's jean - do but he 's hide by the umbrella . jean -do' voice yes , | be the editor - in - chief of elle magazine - int . photographer' studio - day Pov from behind the photographer , of two model ( the one on the frame cover ) . light and assistant . the model pose in they model position . the photographer be snap with a Polaroid . photographer good , good , hold it , nice , good , angelique , look this way , that 's it , hold it , lift you leave leg higher , pauline , good , chin up - hold it - terrific - ( he snap away ) okay . relax - 12 . the model break the pose . the photographer fiddle with he camera . behind he be jean -do . over this : jean -doa voice and , God , what a great life it be . the photographer thrust a Polaroid print at the camera . photographer Jean - do , how about this for the cover ? amale voice ( very brusque ) you right eye be not work properly . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day Close to the bed , a man in a white coat and surgical glove , the ophthalmologist , dr . mercier , be take needle and thread from a small padded box . he have a gruff manner and never once look at jean - do . dr . mercier ( slowly and clearly as iftoa half - wit ) do you hear what I say ? you right eye be not work properly . I be go to sew it up . he start thread the surgical needle . rapid blink . jean - dors voice please , no . dr . mercier it will be alright . jean -doa voice ( terrify ) you keep away from I , keep away from I - 13 . dr . mercier it will stop you get a ulcerate cornea . I would have come to see you sooner but I have be on holiday . skiing . jean - do ’'s voice | bet you always keep you patient wait - dr . mercier St. Moritz be wonderful this time of year . a little bit crowded , but nothing like sailing down a slope with the wind in you face . do you ski ? jean -do' voice 1 know you type . arrogant , insensitive . could not care less . to you a patient be nothing but a pay-cheque - yea , my skis be under the bed . dr . mercier here we go . ( almost malevolent ) you will not feel a thing . he start to stitch jean - do 's right eye on camera . soon , half of the screen go black . he close he good eye and the screen go completely dark . jean -doa voice now , please do not get ... God , please . he open he eye again and he plane of vision have change . ( the camera have change lense ) dr . mercier finish stitching . dr . mercier perfect , even if | sayso myself . ( pack away he instrument never look at jean -do. ) in six month I will examine you again . ( still without look at he ) you do not see double , do you ? 14 . jean -do' voice ( blink twice with resignation ) no . and as dr . mercier turn to the door , itis flung open . into the room come a great host of white coat lead by drs . lepage and cocheton . dr . lepage push a wheelchair . dr . lepage good morning , good morning . dr . mercier shove aggressively through the mob and go . jean -doa voice hello , hello . now what torture ? the doctor approach with the nurse , orderly , student and surround the bed . lepage lean over he . dr . lepage ( cheerful as ever ) excellent . he 's do you eye . be he he usual charming self ? ( chuckle ; indicate the white coat ) this be my student . pay no attention to they . ( to the student in a low voice ) first we be go to dress he . good for the morale . ( to jean - do ) and then we have a wonderful surprise for you . awondertul surprise . jean -do ’'s voice let I guess , you be go to sew up my other eye - nurse produce a plaid shirt , old pants and a shapeless cashmere sweater . 15 . jean -doa voice ( cont have ) I must be go mad . my plaid shirt and my old pants make I want to cry - but if | must drool , it might as well be on cashmere . lepage and cocheton , at the foot of the bed , smile . they be temporarily obscure as the sweater be pull over jean - do 's head and adjust . dr . lepage ( beam ) chic , very , very chic . now we be go to try you in this wheelchair . ( to the other ) proceed , proceed . two attendant come either side of jean - do , take he shoulder , lift he off the bed and dump he in the wheelchair . dr . cocheton bravo ! dr . lepage wheel he up and down , will you ? ( to jean - do ) | want to be sure that sit like that will not trigger uncontrollable muscular spasm . sorry bear with we , please bear with we - he be wheeled back and forth across the small room . cocheton he need a cushion behind he head - acushion be place behind he head , change the angle of vision . all present smile proudly . anurse be about to applaud but stop herself . dr . lepage excellent , excellent . ( to jean - do , beam ) you can handle the wheelchair . jean -doa voice you can handle the wheelchair . it have the ring of a life sentence . 16 . dr . lepage that be very good news . very good news , indeed . ( to the nurse ) blanket . we do not want he catch cold - they cover jean - do in blanket . int . elevator , naval hospital - day descend . there 's a mirror that cover one entire side of the elevator but lepage , cocheton and a attendant obscure most of jean - do except that he can see he lifeless hand on the arm of he wheelchair , and a rug cover he leg . as the elevator shudder to a halt - dr . lepage and now for the surprise - int . MAIN hall , hospital - day large , echoing . other patient in wheelchair . gurney bear prostrate patient be push at speed . one wall be line the entire length with glass - fronted cupboard . a stain - glass window depict Empress eugenie , the wife of napoleon Ill , the hospital 's patroness . jean - do , accompany by lepage and cocheton , be wheeled slowly by the attendant out of the elevator , down the length of the hall towards the far end where open double door admit winter sunshine . in the glass - front of the cupboard he catch glimpsis of he reflection : mouth twisted , hair tousle , one eye sewn shut , the other bulg . but this image be see intermittently , in one glass - front after the other , almost like a cubist painting . jean -do' voice oh my God , who 's that ? it 's a monster ! no , no , it 's I ! be that my surprise ? to see myself ? | look as if I have emerge from a vat of formaldehyde . Christ , if only they could hear I ! | do not want this ! | do not want to see myself ! 17 . the last of the image of jean - do and he entourage in the glass - front of the cupboard as he be wheeled towards the open double door and out into the pale sunlight . ext . terrace , hospital - day jean -do emerge through the double door on to a large , tile terrace overlook a grey sea . the terrace be empty but for the silhouette of a elegant woman stand a little distance away , the sun behind she . jean -do' voice ( a whisper ) sylvie - slowly he be push towards she . she take a step forward but stop , try vainly to control she reaction at see he . she be slim and vibrant . her name be sylvie larochefoucauld , late 30 . she gaze at he with infinite sadness . lepage move towards sylvie and look at jean - do . dr . lepage be not this a wonderful surprise , Jean - do ? you first visitor . you wife . jean -do' voice she 's not my wife . she 's the mother of my child . dr . lepage ( to sylvie ) we be go to leave you . he understand everything . everything . if youaska question , make it a yes -or - no question . he will blink . one for yes , two for no . just keep talk to he . I be sure you have a lot to say to each other ... he stop , realize he clumsiness and go quickly follow by the other , the gentle sound of the sea . asoft breeze ruffle sylvie 's hair . she lean towards he and , gently , caress he face . 18 . jean -doa voice if only I could feel that . she be usually a woman of great energy and vivacity , but she 's subdued now . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) yes , you be try not to let I know that I be horrible to behold . | know . I have see myself . sylvie ( ata loss ) oh , my dear . silence . jean -do' voice talk to I , syive . I will just listen . | long to hear you voice . abrief silence . she kneel beside he . sylvie they tell I you be do - ( take a breath ) everyone send they love . and they prayer . ( brief silence ) | do not bring the child . | think | should see you first . they be both well . they miss you . céleste pray for you every night . do you want I to bring they , do you want to see they ? one blink for yes , two for no - ( a blink ) you want to see they . ( a blink ) as a matter of fact , everyone we know be offer up prayer for you . even that who do not believe in God . ( she smile ) oh. Laurent want to visit . do you want to see he ? ( one blink ) I will tell he . although he do not talk to I much anymore . you friend desert I . all of they . they sided with you . ( more ) 19 . sylvie ( cont would ) and then - and then with she . | suppose it 's only natural . but it make I angry . | can not help it . jean - do's voice ( blink twice . ) no , no , it be all my fault , I be a bastard - brief silence . sylvie ( awkward ) have - have she be to see you ? ( two blink ) you father 's not strong enough to come all this way - ( one blink ) I have meet the speech therapist . sandrine . | like she . she think she can help you - silence . somewhere , very distant , the sound ofa train . impulsively , she take hold of he paralyse hand and kiss it gently fora long moment . jean -do' voice if | could only feel that kiss - sylvie ( look up at he ) I be pleased we be able to stay friend . be you pleased ? one blink . she gaze at he . silence . then : jean -doa voice lam plunge into despair . her image get blurry , watery . sylvie please do not cry . ext . berck railway station - day bleak . strange . isolate . 20 . on the nearest platform , sylvie , alone , wait . tear stream down she cheek . on the opposite platform , a man with a boy hold hand . jean -do' voice can see she now . | know berck station . it 's the most depress place in the world . well , it certainly be when | have my holiday here as a child . berck , God help I . the end of summer . wait with my father for the Paris train . lot be desolate then and it will be more desolate now . ( distant sound of a train ; the boy bounce a ball ) | treat she so badly . and the child . and now | will never be able to make amend . never . oh God . this be hell . the sound of the train nearer . then : female nurse's voice naughty , naughty , my hand 's between you leg - int . hot tub room , naval hospital - day ablurry watery image of Jean - do 's body , and nurse hand as he hair be be wash in a therapeutic bathtub . he be twisted and turn by the male and female nurse . he eye swing to the ceiling , to the wall , to the room , to the ceiling again . other patient be also be bath . aparalyse arm come into a view , a lifeless leg . jean -do' voice up , down , up . I be find this funny . | really be . I be forty - two year old and I be be handle like a newborn babe , clean up , turn over - ( he be turn face down , look at the bed head and undersheet ) - my private part wipe and swaddle . ( more ) 21 . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) | can not remember when | last laugh so much - ( he 's swing on to he back , see the nurse fussing over he ) but , as someone 's poet say , only a fool laugh when there 's nothing to laugh at - int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day close on beatrice 's mouth . beatrice blow I akiss she bring into the frame a hand mirror that reflect jean - do's flaccid mouth . beatrice be hold the mirror in one hand and , with the finger of she other hand she massage he mouth . beatrice 's voice you understand ? akiss . | want you to blow I akiss - ( she let go of he mouth ) try. ( no movement ) all right . it 's early day . but that 's what ! want you to work at . she put away the mirror . jean - do see she now . beatrice when you be rest or watch tv , or any time at all , | want you to work at blow I akiss . okay ? ( blow he a kiss as if flirt with he ) jean -doa voice ( as he blink ) yes . beatrice and one other thing you have to practise as much as possible . ( more ) 22 . beatrice ( cont would ) and that 's slide you tongue to the back of you palate . that 's how you will learn to swallow again . watch . she close she eye , open she mouth , and move she tongue . it 's erotic . jean -doa voice this justis not fair . beatrice you try it . she pick up the mirror . in the mirror - jean - dors mouth beatrice's voice open you mouth . ( nothing ) come on , I will help - ( her hand hold he chin and open he mouth ) try slide you tongue backwards . ( nothing ) go on , try , Jean - do . ( a slight movement of he tongue ) great , Jean - do. good ! you move you tongue . that 's wonderful . work on it , every day , all day , and you will be able to swallow . again - ( again the slight movement ) amazing - she put away the mirror and begin to move he head from side to side . beatrice you will be able to swallow and you will be able to move you head like this , on you own , sooner than you think . ( massage he cheek and neck ) can you feel my hand on you face ? jean -doa voice ( two blink ) no. 23. beatrice never mind , you will , you will . ( continue to massage ) Jean - do , we be all very sorry for what 's happen to you . jean -doa voice ( deeply feel ) believe I , soam I . beatrice we be so honoure to have you here . I be a regular reader of elle . | love it . but ! just wish all the model do not look like boy . ( she continue to massage ) | want you to know | have a strong faith . | pray for you every day . jean -doa voice ( suddenly aggressive ) oh , for Christ 's sake stop ! there 's no point . prayer will not work ! my muscle will not work . I will never be able to swallow and you know it . give up . now . do not waste you time . pray for someone else - beatrice ( kissing he on the head , oblivious to he dismay ) okay , see you tomorrow . on the blink : ext . the dark GREEN sea - day the diving bell submerge , float aimlessly . desolate . Silent . there be no face at the window . hold , then : sandrine 's voice | want you to look at this - fade to black : int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day 24 , OPEN to : Big letter , write on cardboard , move across the screen . e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d y-w-v-m-x-b-f-g-j-k-l-q- Z sandrine 's voice as you can see it 's not the alphabet we learn at school . this letter be in the order of the most frequently use in the language . you understand ? jean -doa voice ( one blink ) yes . sandrine be show he a card with the new alphabet . sandrine I have talk to a host of colleague and | hope I have come up with a viable system . this be how it work . you think of something you want to say to I . when you be ready , blink , and then I will recite this alphabet - very slowly - letter by letter . when | get to the first letter of you word , blink . I will write it down and then we will go on to the next letter and then the next . sometimes I will be able to guess what you want to say . in that way we will form word and sentence . two other thing : blink twice when the word be form as if you be hit the space bar on a keyboard , and blink rapidly if we make a mistake . all right ? jean -doa voice ( a blink ) yes . sandrine | know it sound terribly arduous but , believe I , we will become expert very quickly . ( more ) 25 . sandrine ( cont would ) and you friend and family can use it , too , so the whole world will be open to you . do you want to try ? ( a blink ) have you think of something you want to say ? ( after a moment , a blink ) good . so , let 's begin . E - ( a blink ) eis the first letter - ( rapid blink ) eis not the first letter - ( a blink ) okay . it 's difficult , | know , so let 's go slowly . e-t-a-o -|- ( one blink ) lis the first letter ? ( two blink ) ' lis the first word ? ( one blink ) good. ( she write it down ) e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d- y-w- ( a blink ) W - w? ( a blink ) ( she write it down ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u - ( a blink ) U - ( rapid blink ) not U. another mistake . okay . jean -do' voice this be a nightmare , it will never work , slowly , he close he eye . on the close : ext . a dark GREEN sea - day Wide . the murky green sea be all there be . 26 . the diving bell come float into the shot . sandrine’s voice all we need be practice . tomorrow we will start again from the beginning - fade to black : ext . terrace - day OPEN eye to : ( this scene be move and edit to play in this part of the script ) Jean - do 's view of a gray day at the beach . sandrine 's voice Jean - do , a old friend of yours be here to see you . his wheelchair be turn so he can see a scholarly , bespectacle man , pierre roussin , in he 5as , approach , he footstep echoing . he be a intense , nervous man . jean -doa voice ! know you , you be Pierre roussin . roussin try to conceal he shock . roussin you do not remember I ? jean -doa voice of course I do . ( one blink ) sandrine ( to roussin ) he blink once for yes , and twice for no . do you want I to leave ? jean -doa voice roussin ( blink twice ) you can stay please . no. roussin light a cigarette . 27 . roussin ! hear what happen to you . and I just want - no , | be compel to come and see you because of what happen to I . in a way , | know what you be go through and | think I could be of some help . ( he stare at jean - do ) be take hostage be not so different from what you be go through . ( turn to sandrine ) be I right ? sandrine hostage ? awkward silence . roussin sorry , be | allow to smoke ? sandrine you be already smoking . roussin ( to sandrine ) anyway , Jean - Dominique be kind enough to give I he seat ona flight to Hong Kong . then , unfortunately for I , the plane be high - jack and I remain a hostage in Beirut for four year , four month , two week , five day and seven hour . ( he smile nervously . ) ( to Jean - do ) I have be tell you have lock - in syndrome . they keep I ina cellar . very small . Dark . it be hard to breathe . | call it my tomb . yes . ( to sandrine ) 1 know a lot about wine . | use to recite aloud the wine of the bordeaux classification of 1855 . that 's what preserve my sanity . or what pass for sanity . 28 . he light a new cigarette off the old one . he smile at the memory , but it 's more of a twitch than a smile . roussin ( cont have ) of course there be time | be in despair . suicidal . angry . the beating , the filth , the cruelty . the passage of time be the worst . but I survive . | survive because | hold fast to my own humanity . that 's all | could do because that 's all ! have . and that 's all you have , Jean - dominque . ( fervently ) cling to you own humanity and you will survive . I just have to come and say that to you . face to face . in person . | know it sound ridiculous but I feel it be - | feel it be my duty . tell yourself every day that the human spirit be indomitable . Christ know why . it have no reason to be . but it be . indomitable . ( silence ) '' just have to say that to you in person . good-bye . ( a blink . ) sandrine good-bye , thank you for come . roussin walk away . jean -doa voice lam ashamed I never call he after he return from Beirut . but | feel too guilty play editor in the frothy world of fashion magazine . ext . a dark GREEN sea - day asmall diving bell sink to the dark green bottom . 29 . jean -doa voice now he be a free man , and | be the prisoner . black : int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day over black : sandrine 's voice let 's start from the beginning . OPEN to : jean - do 's Pov : Close on sandrine . sandrine ( slowly ) e-t-a-o - 1 ( a blink ) 1 ( two blink ) lis the first word ? ( a blink ) ok . e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w - ( a blink ) ww. e-t-a - ( a blink ) A. e-t-a-o-i- N ( a blink ) n. e-t - ( a blink ) T. ( two blink ) sandrine ( cont would ) ( say word ) not - want - ' ( two blink ) ( more ) 30 . sandrine ( cont would ) ' lwant .. you be do brilliantly , Jean - do . what do you want ? E - T - ( a blink ) T. ( write it down ) e-t-a-o - ( a blink ) oo . ( two blink ) ' lwantto ’-e-t-a-o-l-n-u-s-h-r - p-c-d - ( a blink ) D . ( write it down ) e-t-a-o-i - ( a blink ) I . ( write it down ) E - ( a blink ) E . ( she write it down ; two blink ) ' die '. ' lwant to die 's ? ( outrage , unexpectedly fierce ) how dare you ! that 's a terrible thing to say . I be not put up with that . you think of something else . you do not want to die ! jean -doa voice |do want to die . | really do . sandrine ( overlap ) that make I very angry . there be people who love you and care for you . I be a complete stranger and yet | care for you . and you be alive . so , do not say you want to die . it 's offensive . it 's - it 's obscene . ( long silence ; she stare menacingly at he ) you want to go on with this ? ( nothing ; she stand ) right . I will come back another time and see if you have change you mind . 31 . and as she turn to march out of the room he close he eye . black : CUT to : ext . automobile graveyard - day snow. Silent . acrane be swinging the chassis of a car through the air . jean -do' voice I be not say another word . ever again . | be not even go to blink . |am lock in . | be as good as dead . the crane drop the car on a great mound of other dead car . no sound as it bounce and settles , and the snow continue to fall . but then a strange noise , the noise of a clockwork toy . ext . terrace , hospital - day atoy motorcycle on a table top travel in circle . and when it nearly fall over the edge ahand reach out and save it . the hand belong to laurent , 42 , shaggy , untidy , bear-like . acrash - helmet on a chair . spring weather . the female nurse sit a little apart . she knit from a pattern and pay no attention to they . this area be a extension of the terrace . in the distance , out atsea , a lighthouse with red and white stripe . a light aircraft drone overhead . laurent hope you like it . | do not really know what to bring . | would have ask sylvie to suggest something but - ( break off , sit opposite jean - do ) | have not see she much since - ( break off ) I have just buy a new Honda . a fireblade . you will not believe the acceleration . ( awkward pause ) and you know what ? | could not remember something . when we be kid do you want to go in for motor bike or formula one ? ( more ) 32 . laurent ( cont would ) ( lose in think for a moment ) | be always faithful to bike . God know how | end up in advertising . ( suddenly ) shit ! | almost forget - ( search he pocket ) while | be out here wait for you , a little beauty come up to I and she give I this - ( take the alphabet card , pen and note pad from he pocket ) she say you be depressed . | say , ' I be not surprised 's , and she say | have to cheer you up . ( show the card to jean - do ) she explain how it work . she say we could talk to each other . seem complicated to I . you want to try ? ( no response ; he sit face jean - do ) okay . I just read the letter and you blink , be that right ? okay . ( at speed without look at jean - do ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c -d - ( stop , look up ) shit , | forget to see if you be blink . let 's try again . I will slow down - ( and again he doesn’tlook up at jean - do ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u - it 's hard to read and look up at you at the same time . ( look up , juststare at jean - do ; long silence ) do not you want to play ? ( nothing ) what about a better view of the sea ? ( call to the nurse ) be it all right to move he chair ? female nurse of course - 33 . he wheel jean - do to a vantage point from which he can look atthe sea and the lighthouse . jean -doa voice I ' be so tired . and I be so happy | do not have to answer he back . poor fool , we can both drow . laurent how 's that ? he begin to lope aimlessly . jean - do do not bother to follow he so laurent just come and go in and out of jean - do 's line of vision . laurent ( cont would ) have never be a good hospital visitor . I be the sort who bring the patient grape and then eat they . what a awful thing , Jean - do . you of all people . everybody 's talk aboutit . | be in café de flore last night - no , the night before - the usual crowd . | do not know who it be but | hear someone say , ' do you know that Jean - do bauby be now a complete vegetable ? 's and someone else say , ' yes , | hear , a complete vegetable . 's and | want to say , ' I be go to see he and | bet you he 's not , I have hear he mind be work perfectly . he break off . he 's out of jean - do 's eyeline . but jean - do swivel he eye to find laurent look helpless and forlorn . jean -do' voice ( outrage ) avegetable ? a vegetable ? who say | be a vegetable ? who ? laurent ¥m a idiot ! Christ , I be sorry . | hope | have not upset you . but you know I - he turn away and gaze atthe sea . jean -do' voice ( outrage ) do they say what sort of vegetable ? ( more ) 34 . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) acarrot , a potato , a pickle cucumber , what sort of vegetable ? laurent ( glance at jean - do ) I will have to be get back soon . jean -do' voice go please , get back . laurent come here on the autoroute | do over a 180 . jean -doa voice whatever sort of vegetable they say ! be | bet I have still get a higher iq than that bum in the café . the hell with you and the hell with he . Long silence . silence . laurent should | go ? | do not want to tire you . jean -do' voice yes , go , go on , go . avegetable , a vegetable ? | be tired . laurent ( call to the nurse ) I be leave now . ( to jean - do ) good-bye , Jean do. would you like I to come again ? laurent smile crookedly , pick up he crash-helmet . walk away leave a view of the lonely sea . jean -doa voice ( sarcastically ) can not wait . Love you helmet . on the blink : 35 . int , jean - dors room , naval hospital - night very close on jean - dors eye as it open . he Pov : on the tv : constant color bar and a high pitch tone . moonlight stream through the window ; the drape have be leave open . his wall fill with photo . the ceiling . the clock on the wall read 227 be . jean -doa voice anurse will be in before the world come to anend . close on jean - do 's eye as it close . black screen and the constant sound of the tv . close on jean - do 's eye as it open . he Pov : the same as before . the clock on the wall 3:49 be . blackness . the constant high tone of the tv finally end . his Pov open to a nurse who be leave the room after finally have turn off the tv . the clock on the wall 4:34 be . on the dark tv screen , partially light by the moon , jean - do can see he own reflection . jean -doa voice ( cont have ) today it seem to I that my whole life be nothing but a string of small near miss : the woman | be unable to love , the chance | fail to seize , the moment of happiness | allow to drift away . arace whose result | know beforehand but in which | fail to bet on the winner . close on he eye as it close blackness . the sound of footstep . his Pov open to : the clock on the wall 5:01 be . a nurse turn on the tv . a early morning program be beginning . Dawn light on the window . close on jean - do 's eye as it close on the close : 36 . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day sandrine enter the room and sit , she manner stern . sandrine be you feel any more co-operative ? ( nothing , then a blink ) good . I be not go to apologise for what ! say . | mean every word of it . so | do not want any more of thatnonsense about die . understood ? ( one blink ; she sit beside he ) right . we be go to master this , Jean - do . think of something to say . blink once when you be ready . ( after a moment , a blink ) lll begin . ( slowly ) e-t - jean -do' voice ( a blink ) yes . sandrine T. e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h - jean -do' voice ( a blink ) yes . sandrine H. e-t-a - jean -do' voice ( a blink ) yes . sandrine 37 . jean -do' voice ( a blink ) sandrine -u -s - -f -g - jean -d : ( a blink ) o's voice yes . sandrine K. thank . thank you ? ( look athim , smile ) ls that what you be say ? thank you ? jean -do' voice ( a blink ) yes . on the blink : int . butterfly chrysalis / ext . a reld of wild flowers - day a Dark and blurry image . still for a moment . then , movement . ashudder . a awaken , mysterious and auspicious . the chrysalis begin to crack open and bright day light burn the screen . slowly the image adjust . summer landscape . Golden , idyllic , breathtaking color . the flower sway in a gentle breeze . the camera suddenly take flight . it fly , hover , float , soar above the dance wild flower . we hear the amplify sound of butterflys wing flap . and after some moment of this beautiful and spectacular sight : sandrine 's voice e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p - sandrine 's voice recite the alphabet become a soft , constant background accompaniment to what follow , and with she change tempi and rhythm itis like a musical accompaniment . the Butterfly 's wing flap as percussion . 38 . sandrine’s voice ( cont would ) whatare you think now ? jean -doa voice I have only just realize that there be only two thing apart from my eye that be not paralyse . sandrine’s voice and they be ? the camera settles on a flower close to the calm water where a Butterfly , of glorious color , see it 's own reflection . jean -do' voice my imagination . sandrine 's voice and ? jean -do' voice my memory . imagination and memory be the only way | can escape my diving bell . the butterfly take flight . sandrine 's voice you diving bell ? jean -do' voice never mind . it 's my private joke . the butterfly 's Pov soar and swoops into the sky . sandrine 's recital of the alphabet more dominant now . ext . sk ! slope - day the butterfly 's Pov continue fly , revealing snow - cap mountain . the alphabet music continue . jean -doa voice | have realize | can imagine anything , anyone , anywhere , insert image ( stock ) 39 . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) | can build castle in Spain , steal the Golden fleece , awoman open up the bed sheet to the camera jean -doa voice ( cont would ) visit the woman | love , jean -do and a woman on the beach as in '' from here to eternity '' jean -do' voice ( cont would ) let the sea wash over I on the isle of martinique , bow before Ozymandias , king of king - ablack dot come haring down the slope . the butterfly 's Pov get closer . it 's a man ski . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) - |can imagine anything , anything atall . sudden silence . closer - the skier - jean -do he 's wear goggle with orange lense and a ski cap . he smile with exhilaration as he make the descent . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) and now | want to remember myself as | be . handsome , debonair , glamorous . and devilishly attractive - he swerve to a halt , raise snow . he push he glass on to he forehead and pull off he ski cap . he smile while he catch he breath . very close - jean - do as he be , age 42 , at he peak , splendid , fit , tan : jean -doa voice ( cont would ) yes , glamorous and very handsome , at least some people think so - and as jean - do , the skier , laugh joyously 40 . int . elevator , naval hospital - day jean -do' reflection in the elevator mirror , full on , a dreadful sight in he wheelchair , a rug cover he lap , he head lolling , he one eye stare at himself , the other clumsily stitched close . sandrine stand behind he , watch he . the elevator door part ; he image disappear . Jean - do be wheeled into the shot by sandrine . as they walk away , the elevator close . ext . terrace , hospital - day in sunshine sandrine with she note book sit face jean - do . sandrine ( at some speed now ) e-t-a-o-i - he blink , blink twice . sandrine ( cont would ) IL e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h - he blink . sandrine ( cont have ) H. e-t-a - he blink . sandrine ( cont would ) A. e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w-v - he blink . sandrine ( cont would ) lhave ? he blink . sandrine continue to recite the alphabet and write down Jean - do 's word , letter by letter . but this be now a fluent conversation . 41 . in the background , sandrine 's recital of the alphabet soon become the musical accompaniment . the repetition of the letter be sung to the tune of '' frere jacque , frere jacque , dormez vous , dormez vous , somez les matine , somez les matine , ding , dang , Dong ... '' jean -do' voice | have make a rule . | will never feel sorry for myself again . sandrine 's voice I be pleased to hear that . jean -do' voice and something else . sandrine 's voice what ? jean -doa voice | think I have find a reason for all this . sandrine 's voice areason ? jean -doa voice yes . but | need you to do I a favour . sandrine’s voice what 's the favour ? sandrine e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c ( a blink ) on he blink : int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day sandrine be on the phone . sandrine |s this Betty mialet ? bettya' voice yes , this be she . 42 . sandrine my name be sandrine . I be a therapist at berck 's you - mer Naval hospital . I be call on behalf of Jean -dominique bauby . he 's one of my patient . betty' voice Jean - do ? how be he ? sandrine look at Jean - do and put she head close to Jean - do 's so he can hear in the conversation . sandrine comfortable but - inter CUT with : int . office , ROBERT laffont publishing - day betty ( interrupt ) it 's too terrible , | hear he 's a complete vegetable - awoman in she late 30 , claude mendibil , let herself into the office , and Betty signal she to have a seat . Claude be a brunette , attractive , discreetly dress in dark color but with flair . she have a reserve , modest quality and a hint of unexplain sadness . sandrine's voice that 's not absolutely accurate . he wonder if you would do he a favour - betty ( to Claude ) one moment . ( to sandrine ) of course , anything , anything - sandrine 's voice he say he have a contract with you fora book . be that right ? 43 . betty he say that ? he can speak , | think he could not speak - sandrine 's voice he can . in a way . I will explain later . about this book - betty yes , he 's gota contract with we , but now , give the circumstance - sandrine’s voice ( interrupt ) he want to fulfill it - betty | beg you pardon ? sandrine ( look and smile at Jean - do ) he want to write the book . betty ( to sandrine ) you can’ tbe serious - sandrine lam . so be he . betty ( confuse ) butit 's simply not possible - Claude look at Betty with amazement . sandrine's voice lassure you , itis , but do you think you can find someone to take he dictation ? ( brief silence ) someone who 's patient and - ( break off ) be you still there ? 44 , betty ( look at Claude transfix ) yes , yes , I be still here . sandrine 's voice you understand ? it have to be someone - betty ( interrupt ) yes , | understand . I will get back to you . Betty slowly replace the receiver . Claude look up and smile . Betty just stare ather . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day Close on claude . as the camera pull back we discover sandrine sit with she by the bed . Claude be hold the alphabet . sandrine 's voice Betty mialet say Claude be send from heaven . she say it be a miracle she be in the office just when | call . she say no one could be more perfect . claude ( a smile ) Betty always exaggerate . claude ( cont would ) '' will have to practise some more . I will work with sandrine - sandrine any time - in the background they voice recite the alphabet . jean -doa voice it will not take long - claude | hope not because | want to - want to help . she break off . awkward pause . 45 . sandrine Claude have take a room in a hotel in berck . perhaps you ought to discuss a routine . the recital of the alphabet begin to fade . jean -do' voice the nurse wake I at five a.m . I will think of what I want to write then I will memorize it . you can come at eight - claude yes - jean -doa voice I will dictate it to you . claude of course . jean - do's voice thank you . brief silence . claude lll do my best for you . jean -doa voice | know you will . can we begin my book tomorrow ? ext . rear screen projection - day / night various image of collapse iceberg , endless desert , brazilian rainforest , and other landscape keep change like in a slide show as the butterfly dart , hover and soar in the foreground . sandrine 's voice begin to recite the alphabet and , after a moment , claude 's voice join in , a duet , arrhythmical and sometimes cacophonous . the butterfly alight ona flower 46 . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day jean - do 's Pov of he window . a want glow announce the break of day . jean -doa voice through the fray curtain of my window , a want glow announce the break of day . my heel hurt , my head weigh a ton , and something like a giant invisible diving - bell hold my whole body prisoner . anurse come in and open the curtain . the window . rain . claude write . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) my main task now be to compose this bedrid travel note from a castaway on the shore of loneliness . close on jean -do int . MAIN hall , hospital - day claude wheel jean - do down the hall towards the open double door , they reflection in the glass - fronted cupboard . Jean - do look at the stain - glass window that depict Empress eugenie . jean - do's voice this Naval Hospital have in its time be a home to child with tuberculosis , a glimpse of eugenie , wearing a hat with yellow ribbons , a stripe dress , and a silk parasol , floating down the hall . a fat farm , a school , a place where , so legend have it , the great diaghilev rehearse he ballet russe . 47 . a shot of nijinsky jumping . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) they say it be here that nijinsky leapt twelve foot into the air . no one here now leap into the air . patient on there gurney and wheelchair . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) this day we be all elderly , enfeeble or , like I , rigid and mute . a battalion of cripple . ext . terrace , hospital - day early summer sunshine . claude wheel he along the empty terrace which resemble Antonioni 's '' la ventura '' . he glimpsis corner of the building , a section of the grand facade . jean -do' voice but | like be wheeled to the place | call cinecitta , a perpetually desert terrace , a vast series of balcony that open onto a landscape heavy with the poetic and off - beat charm of a movie set . ext . suburban berck - long shot - day see through a haze . jean -do' voice and | enjoy see the suburb of berck that look like a model train lay - out . claude continue to write . ext . shore & sea - dusk jean -do and claude by the sea , enjoy the view . in the distance , building , and nearer , the sea . 48 . jean - do's voice ahandful of building at the foot of the sand dune give the illusion of a ghost town in a western , as for the sea itself it foam such a incandescent white that it might be the product of the special - effect department . ext . terrace - dusk to night jean -do be in he wheelchair on the terrace as the sun be set and the light slowly fade . claude be take dictation . the lighthouse can be see in the distance . jean -do' voice but my favorite sight of all be the lighthouse , tall , robust , reassure in red and white stripe . | place myself under the protection of this brotherly symbol , guardian not just of sailor but of the sick whom fate have cast to the far edge of life . claude close she notebook . it 's the end of a workday . she leave Jean - do alone to enjoy the view . the lighthouse beam switch on , and the light sweep across Jean - do 's face . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) warmly wrap up , I can linger here until nightfall , watch the sun set and the lighthouse take up the torch . the beam continue to sweep . as the light pass , fade to black : int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day blackness . amale voice Christ . what 's that ? silence . 49 . jean -do' eye open to see two man in overall back into the room carry package . joubert , age about 45 , be the one who ask the question . the other , fourneau be age 20 . they put down they box and turn to see jean - do . they freeze and look at he horrify . fourneau ( a whisper ) be ita man or a woman ? joubert aman . | think . ( pluck up courage ) Excuse I , but do you order a speaker - phone ? jean - do blink . fourneau he wink at you . jean -do' voice yes , I have get gay lock in syndrome , and lam nut about you friend . joubert ( loudly ) do you order a phone with a speaker ? jean -do blink again . fourneau let 's get out of here - sandrine come quickly through the door . sandrine who let you in ? what be you do ? joubert we be from telecom France . someone order a speaker - phone . sandrine yes , we do . you should have go to reception first . 50 . joubert there be no one there . sandrine just install it by the table , please . thank you . ( they begin to unpack the equipment ; to jean - do ) we will let people know you have get a phone now . they will have to book a time for they call . we will make sure someone 's with you . ( by heart ) e-t - ( a blink ) T. e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h - ( a blink ) H. thank you ? ablink . she smile . joubert and fourneau watch and listen fascinate . joubert Excuse I , madame , can not he speak ? sandrine do not talk about he as if he be not here . ask he . joubert think about it but then decide to get on with he work . fourneau , intrigue by jean - do , hover . fourneau ( to sandrine ) Madame , excuse I , but , if he can not speak what 's he want a phone for ? she ignore he . joubert perhaps he 's a heavy breather . they laugh . sandrine look at they fiercely but jean - dors voice can also be hear laugh , 51 . Jean - do close he eye . int . naval hospital - day empty hallway , empty swim pool , empty therapy area . jean -doa voice Sunday . | dread Sunday . no therapist , no visitor , a skeleton staff . beatrice walk down a otherwise empty main hall , past the stain - glass window depict eugenie . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) Sunday be a long stretch of desert . image of desert we hear chapel bell toll . ext . path to chapel - day jean -do be be wheeled by beatrice , unseen , along a bumpy , cobble path , open to the sky , that lead to the chapel . jean -do' voice but today , béatrice nobly suggest she take I to mass . | have try to explain to she that lam nota religious man . this cut no ice with she . ' it will do you good , 's she say . she remind I of a woman | once know call joséphine . they approach the chapel door . the service be in progress . int . chapel - day jean -do be wheeled in and remain at the back . beatrice move in beside he and sit . the priest , a elderlyman , father lucien , be say mass . there be not many in the congregation . 52 . jean -doa voice | suppose itis not quite true to say I be not religious . all over the world people be pray for I . insert image of celeste praying jean -do' voice ( cont would ) top of the list be my daughter , céleste , who pray for I every night . and béatrice , of course . the most diverse deity have be enlist to help I . insert image of monk chanting jean -doa voice ( cont would ) in Nepal , I be tell , they chant a mantra for I . in a breton chapel they burn candle , insert image of a cameroon holy man jean -do' voice ( cont would ) and a cameroon holy man have procure for I the goodwill of Africa 's god : ihave assign he my right eye . all of they . and | can not deny that | have attempt to organise this vast spiritual energy to support my existence . it may not be admirable , it may even be a touch hypocritical , but I will try anything . the Communion bell ring . father lucien elevate the host . jean -do watch beatrice crossing herself , eye close , devout in prayer . fade to black : int . chapel - day fade in : the service be over , the congregation filing out , pass by jean - do to shake hand with father lucien on the way out . 53 . beatrice we will let they go . Father lucien want a word with you . jean -doa voice ( on he face ) a-ha ! the hide agenda . father lucien , in the entrance , shake hand with the last member , and then come to jean -do . he and beatrice exchange a look of understanding . father lucien I be very pleased to see you here , Jean - Dominique . | come to visit you a few day ago . | bring the bless sacramentto give you Communion . but you be asleep . beatrice e-t-a-o-1 - Jean - do blink . beatrice ( cont would ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w - Jean - do blink . beatrice ( cont would ) e-t-a - Jean - do blink . beatrice ( cont would ) ( guess ) | be ? ( to Father lucien ) lwas. ( pause ) he be . father lucien would you like I to give you Holy Communion now ? ( no response ) ( more ) 54 . father lucien ( cont would ) would you like I to say a bless over you ? ( no response ) ' heavenly Father , have mercy on Jean - Dominique , who be cruelly afflict . help he body to heal , keep he spirit buoyant , and help he to find faith , through you son , Jesus Christ , we lord . he make the sign of the Cross over jean -do . beatrice start the alphabet which soon fade . beatrice 's voice ( see Jean - do blink every so often ) Father , I would like you to know there be monk in bordeaux who regularly dedicate they prayer to I - father lucien ( pleased ) do they , indeed - beatrice ( read ) but the result have be unremarkable . father lucien we must be patient - beatrice 's voice ( on Jean - do blink ) yes , the doctor say that , too . but about this monk . father lucien yes ? insert image of jean - do in he hospital bed , eye OPEN in distress , we hear a loud ringing jean -doa voice recently , seven of they brother have they throat cut by Islamic extremist in Java and my ear hurt for several day . what do you make of that ? 55 . back in the chapel father lucien ( a little nonpluss ) I be not sure . ( sit beside jean - do ) but Jean - dominque , | want to suggest something to you . in a few week time , | shall be lead a pilgrimage to the shrine of we Lady of lourd . dear béatrice and I think you might want to be part of it - close on jean -do jean -do' voice lourd ? father lucien there have be some miraculous cure . jean -do' voice no , Father . I have be to lourd - ext . mountain pass , pyrenee - day aconvertible drive rather too fast under a grey sky . magnificent , dramatic scenery . closer - jean - do & josephine in the convertible they be drive at speed . Music in the car be loud . ( U2 baby Light my Way ) jean - do , a little young , and dress in a earlier style , be in the passenger seat and , at the wheel , a attractive young woman , wrap up against the wind , josephine . josephine lam not turn back , it 's my car , I will drive where | like - jean -do ( overlap ) you say you want a dirty week - end - josephine | never say any such thing - 56 . jean -do we can not have a dirty week - end in lourd , itdoe n’tseem right - josephine you have get a one - track mind - jean -do well ... josephine | want to see the madonna ! jean -do you do not - josephine ido - jean -do please . ext . narrow STREET , lourd - day fill with a unbroken column of mostly paraplegic in wheelchair shepherd by nun , priest and volunteer . along the side , try to push they way through , jean - do and josephine . she be dress all in pink : sneaker , jeans and sweatshirt . anun walk down the column : the nun ( call out repeatedly ) it it rain everyone into the basilica ! jean -do and josephine walk alongside the helpless and the badly handicapped . they have to stop to wait for a jam to clear . jean - do smile at a paraplegic who stick he tongue out . jean - do , deeply embarrassed , turn away . and then a chant start : pilgrims appear to we , madonna ! appear to we ! 57 . and Ave marias be chant . closer - jean - do & josephine the chant and prayer continue . jean -do joséphine , there 's no way I be go on with this . josephine pity , it could do a sinner like you a lot of good - jean -do do not be so sure , it might be dangerous . what if someone in perfect health happen to be here when the madonna appear ? one miracle , and he have end up paralyze . adozen head turn to see they . josephine you be a imbecile . jean -do thank you - josephine and a blasphemer - jean -do thanks again . you can go by yourself - and he leave she , struggle through the wheelchair , and ext . sidewalk cafe , lourd - evening jean -do and josephine finish drink and snack at a crowded sidewalk café . some customer in wheelchair . handicapped people pass , priest , nun . josephine you do not know what you miss - 58 . jean -do that 's true - josephine it be very move . and the basilica be amazing . it 's huge - jean -do yes , | read in the guide book it could take a dozen jumbo jet . and if you be at the back you need binocular to see the priest . josephine let 's go shopping . she get up and go into a souvenir shop . Jean - do follow she and look into the store which be fill with kitsch , a jumble of religious medais , swiss cuckoo clock , cheese platter and in the centre a bust of the madonna with a halo of blink light . jean -do oh please , joséphine , do not buy any souvenir , you have get such bad taste - int . souvenir store , lourd - evening josephine gasp . josephine look ! here 's my madonna ! jean -do ( enter the store ) forget it - josephine | do not want anything more to do with you - jean -do ( take out he wallet ) okay , okay , I will give it to you as a present - jean - do , sour face , be count out money while the shopkeeper demonstrate the winking light . 59 . shopkeeper Madame have a wonderful eye . this madonna be the only one of its kind in the whole world . and it have be bless by the cardinal . josephine ( move ) how wonderful . thank you . jean - do , not so impressed , hand over the money . int . SMALL HOTEL room , lourd - night the madonna , light winking , sit on the dress table . in bed , side by side , jean - do , sullen , and josephine gaze at the bustin reverie . they be both naked . Bob Dylan 's '' like a Rolling Stone '' be the music score . after a moment : jean -do | can not make love to you with she look at I . josephine lagree . jean-do | be not state a fact , | be make a complaint . let I turn she off - josephine no. ( a sickly , sentimental smile ) the only one in the whole world . bless by the cardinal . brief silence . jean - do come to a decision . jean -do joséphine , when we get back to Paris we be go to have to split up . 60 . josephine ( unperturb , not even look at he ) because of my madonna ? jean - do no. because of everything . josephine you be right . it 's for the best . ( turn she back on he , slide down under the bedclothes ) turn off the light . but not my madonna . he do so . the room be dark but for the winking light of the madonna . josephine seem to be asleep immediately . exasperate , he get out of bed and as he start to dress ext . shopping STREET , lourd - night Bob Dylan 's '' like a Rolling Stone '' carry over to this scene . jean - do walk alone along the street . youth drink beer and guzzle hamburger . pilgrim , many of they handicapped , walk in group lead by priest and nun with light candle . he come to the souvenir shop and stop dead . souvenir shop window there in the centre , the identical madonna with its light winking . the madonna blink away . int . rehab centre - day jean -do' Pov of himself in a large brightly paint room once use as a ballet studio with mirror and barre lining the wall . jean -do be tethere to a board raise to a vertical position . he see himself and either side of the board stand beatrice and sandrine . 61 . reflected in the background , the room , fill with patient of all age in splint , on crutch , use Zimmer frame , other try out artificial limb , still other in harness of vary complexity . noisy and echoing . Bob Dylan 's music morph into : sandrine ( make the L sound ) la-la- la - . come on , jean- do. beatrice if you learn the L sound you will learn to swallow . ( barb ) and you will learn to say lourd , too . La - la - ( he struggle ) la-la - ( he make a gurgle sound ) nearly - sandrine again - jean - do ( manage ) la-la - sandrine good . again . jean -do La - beatrice ten time and then we will let you rest - jean -do la-la-la - int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day on the tv set a mindless quiz game . claude enter with papers . 62. claude all right to turn this off ? ( a blink ; she turn off the tv ) the call will be come in about ten minute . ( she sit beside the bed ) I have type up the passage . you want I to read it to you ? she start the alphabet . jean -do' voice no , | want to read it . abook be only real when it 's read . she hold up a page of typescript for jean - do to read . insert - the typescript just long enough to read the first few word : ' the last time | see my father be , | think -' jean -doa voice ( cont have ) the last time | see my father be , | think ... int . papinou’s apartment , paris - day alarge mirror reflect jean -do gaze at photo stick haphazard into the ornate gold frame . he 's mixing lather in a bow ! with a shave brush . among the photograph : a boy in a turn -of - the-century sailor suit , a pretty woman in she 20 hold a baby , more recently in colour a girl in riding gear , ( céleste ) and another of a boy ( Jean - do ) age 11 , in black and white on a miniature golf course . jean -do' voice ..a week before my stroke . he be unwell - papinou 's leave I be , who care what ! look like ? jean -do' voice ido. 63 . jean -do put aside the bowl and take a large towel from a radiator where it 's be warming . he approach he father , know as papinou , seat hunch in a red armchair and wear a dress gown . papinou be 92 year old , but still astonishingly handsome with a plume of white hair crown he tall frame . jean -do wrap he in the towel . papinou I be terrify . jean -do of what ? papinou you shave I . jean -do why ? papinou you be always so damned clumsy . mme . bauby , age about 60 , look in . she go . mme . bauby coffee ? papinou no . jean -do no , thanks . mme . bauby do n'ttire he . he 's not well . jean -do how can a shave tire you ? 64 , papinou . ask her. ( after a moment ) you mother be prettier . jean -do that would not be difficult . jean -do collect the bowl and shave brush . papinou do not be rude about my wife . she look after I like a baby . jean -do ( while he apply the lather with a brush ) you mean she feed you every four hour ? papinou very funny . do you remember you mother ? jean-do you always ask I that and | always say the same thing : not really . he massage the lather in with he finger . papinou what be you read at the moment ? jean - do re-reading . the Count of monte cristo . papinou why ? jean - do because |'m think of write a modern version . papinou of the Count of monte cristo ? he give papinou the final lather . 65 . jean -do Vengeance will still be the drive force but I be set it in today 's world . and monte cristo will be a woman . the countess of monte cristo . papinou {do not want to read it . jean -do | have not write it yet . jean -do ( cont would ) but I have get a contract with a book publisher . and there 's a character who fascinate I . obsess I , really , but | do not know why . do you remember noirtier de villefort ? he finish cover papinou 's face in lather and take up a razor . papinou no . if you cut I , I will sue . jean - do keep still . papinou I be go to call you sweeney Todd . jean - do thanks . papinou you know who sweeney Todd be ? jean - do yes. papinou he be a English barber - jean -do I know - 66 . papinou - who make mince meat of he customer and turn they into meat pie . typically English . they have never know what good food be . jean -do be quiet , papinou , or |! will cut you . he shave he . papinou the doctor come yesterday . jean - do and ? papinou he say I will live to be a hundred . jean - do good . I will give you a great party . we will celebrate . papinou | will not attend . who want to live to be a hundred ? that 's just doctor 's bullshit . doctor be the biggest bullshitter on the planet . politician come second . ( jean - do add lather and continue the shave ) do n'ttell a soul . | still miss you mother . jean -do |wo not . it 's we secret . papinou you should have marry syive . jean -do what difference would that have make ? papinou you would not have leave she so easily . and you child - jean -do do we have to talk about this ? 67 . papinou | know what | be talk about . no one have more affair than | do . well , perhaps maybe casanova , but no one else . have a affair with another woman be no reason for leave the mother of you child . there be no standard anymore . ( jean - do laugh ) it 's not funny , it 's true . and bring you child to see I . sylvie bring they , you should - jean -do please , change the subject - he wipe off the lather , take up a bottle of cologne . papinou what you put on I , sweeney ? jean -do a aphrodisiac . papinou you want I to smell like a tart . jean -do Christian dior . eau de sauvage . papinou good . that will make the girl come run . jean -do pm sure they would , if they have the chance to smell you . he apply the cologne . papinou wince , feel he face . papinou let I look at myself . jean - do help he to he foot and guide he to the mirror . he examine the shave . papinou ( cont would ) not bad . my God , they do not make they like I anymore . ( more ) 68 . papinou ( cont would ) ( look at jean - do in the mirror ) | want to tell you something . jean -do what ? papinou can not remember . jean -do itll come back . papinou I be notso sure . nothing come back anymore . everything 's lose . soon , I will be lose . | want to sit down . be tired . jean -do guide he back to the chair and as papinou be aboutto sit , he stop . they be close to each other . papinou ( cont would ) | remember what ! want to say to you . jean -do I be listen . papinou ( struggle to find the word ) Jean - Dominique , | be very proud of you . | really be , you have make I very proud indeed . papinou sit . jean - do be still , justlook at he . extreme close - ups of he father 's feature jean -do' voice he have never say that to I before . ever . and | suppose that 's why it haunt I . a father 's approval . | find it comforting then , and | find it even more comforting now . what child we all be , we all need approval - papinou sit heavily . papinou and something else . 69 . jean -do yes ? after a moment : papinou can not remember - he chuckle . jean -do' voice ( a revelation ) but | remember ! int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day jean - dors Pov of claude hold up the last of the typewritten page . claude what ? what do you remember ? Claude pick up she notebook and start write jean -doa voice .«. memory be like a jigsaw puzzle with piece miss . Jean - do blink he dictation . claude 's voice avery black fly ... int . rehab centre - day extreme close up of jean - dors eye wide OPEN . abig black fy sit on he Pov . jean -doa voice avery black fly settles on my nose . | waggle my head to unseat he . he dig in . Olympic wrestle be child 's play compare to this . his field of vision be to he right , see the other patient do they exercise and therapy . 70 . also presentin the background , dr . lepage and dr . cocheton with nurse talk to patient and observe they progress . slowly , jean -doa Pov turn and , as he do so , sandrine and beatrice come into view , stand over he , watch , amaze . he turn he head a full 90° to he leave and see in a mirror close to he , he own image , tethere to he board , a flyon he nose . sandrine , beatrice and again , beyond he , much of the room and the other patient . sandrine swat the fly from he nose . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) thanks . beatrice when do you start do that ? sandrine e-t-a-o-1i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w-v-m-x-b-f-g-d ( he blink ) J. e-t-a-o-i-n-u ( blink ) U. e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s - ( blink ) ss. e-t - ( blink ) T. e-t-a-o-i-n ( a blink ; she guess ) n. just now ? he blink . beatrice amiracle ! Jean - do , you can turn you head ! you be amazing . ( call ) Dr. lepage - jean -doa Pov turn and see Dr. lepage as he join they . dr . lepage good morning . 71 . jean -doa Pov slowly turn from side to side . jean -doa voice amiracle ! he only say good morning once ! dr . lepage a-ha ! progress , progress . jean -do' voice that 's better . dr . lepage how 's the tongue ? sandrine and beatrice bend over he and beatrice open he mouth , all this see in the mirror . sandrine Roll you tongue , Jean - do . he move he tongue rather well . beatrice | know you would do it . I have be praying for you . dr . lepage can we go further with he speech ? sandrine the movement of the tongue be crucial so there 's hope . you will be say the whole alphabet before long , will not you , Jean - do ? Jean - do grunt what could be take as a yes . beatrice we be go to work really hard on you swallow now . | promise you in no time at all you will be able to eat normally . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - night on the tv a football game . 72 . the male nurse be adjust jean - do 's feed apparatus , attach a tube of brownish liquid to a tube that lead into jean - do 's stomach . the male nurse anice nourishing meal . I will come back later and see how you be do . ( he make the final adjustment ) bon appetit . tv commentator 's voice ( mount excitement ) lupin have the ball , beautiful pass , cross to renaud - he 's go to score - he 's get a open net - he 's go to score - but at this climactic moment , the male nurse switch off the tv and leave the room jean -doa voice ( look at the feed tube ) bon appetit . say that to I be like say merry Christmas to someone on August 15th . béatrice better hurry up and have all she prayer answer . | want to swallow , | want to eat . but where ? and what shall | have tonight ? Jean - do continue to eye the brownish liquid in the tube , and then close he eye int . grand paris restaurant - night from a high angle we see six waiter carry platter fill with assort gourmet dish . like dancer in a minuet , they glide in the spacious , ornate room . the camera take flight and we hear the flutter of wing . it float from tray to tray , mimick a butterfly in a field of flower . the camera settles on a large platter of oyster ona bed of ice , lemon , brown bread and butter , which be be offer to jean - do , wear casual chic , the only customer . he nibble thinly - slice salami off a tooth - pick while sip a glass of champagne . 73 . jean - do take up a shell , unhook the oyster with a fork , slide it into he mouth . he close he eye as the oyster slip down he throat . he smile . he open he eye . he look across the room , and see claude look beautiful . they eye meet , and he invite she over to savor he treat . he immediately slide a oyster into she mouth . he be able to show he charm , generosity , and he connoisseurship by share he feast . each taste that jean - do will experience seem to be a overwhelming experience , send he into ecstasy of silent delight and profound pleasure . the sommelier approach with a bottle of chablis . jean - do examine the label , nod . the sommelier pour for he to taste which he do and nod again . claude happily watch jean - do enjoy he feast . the waiter , as if choreograph , serve he a medley of gastronomic pleasure with expertise , elegance and theatricality . waiter wheel a serve station on which rest a silver salver with a grill sole . one present it for jean - do 's approval . jean - do , nod , sip he wine , and watch the man expertly and speedily fillet the fish and serve it to they . jean -do with child - like anticipation sprinkle a little salt , squeeze lemon and then eat elegantly and delicately , always make sure Claude be also enjoy . the red wine be produce , show , and decant . the sommelier light a small candle under the decanter to check the colour and consistency of the wine . jean - do smile admiringly . he pour it for jean - do to taste . Jean - do and Claude toast . awaiter serve they a magnificent steak , another spoon on béarnaise sauce , and yet another pile exquisite pomme frite on the plate . jean - do make the first cut and the knife slide down the steak as if go through butter . then he tuck in hungrily eat at terrific speed , clean up the juice on the plate with a chunk of bread . a enormous cheese trayis produce . jean - do point to five assort cheese which be serve to he . he eat and drink . he eat a enormous , exaggerated soufflé and drink a sweet wine . 74 , jean -do what a coincidence to find you here . claude it 's amazing to I too . it seem like it be just yesterday when | first hear you name . ext . paris STREET , left bank - day Sunshine . people , car , bustle . somewhere a phone be ringing . Claude walk purposefully down the street . the phone continue to ring . she turn into a house with a sign : edition Robert laffont int . office , ROBERT laffont publishing - day betty ( interrupt ) yes , | understand . I will get back to you . slowly she replace the receiver . claude look up and smile . betty just stare at she . claude good morning - ( disconcert by betty' stare ) something wrong ? ( betty continue to stare ) you say to come in today , remember ? you say you may have a book for I to edit . be ita bad time ? have | come on the wrong day ? I be sure you say - betty no , no , it 's the right day and it 's absolutely the perfect time . in fact , the timing be quite extraordinary . do you believe in fate ? 75 . claude I be sorry ? betty fate , coincidence ... CUT back to : int . grand paris restaurant - night claude .. destiny , divine will , serendipity , chance , azar ? ( claude shrug , smile crookedly ) do the name Jean -dominique bauby mean anything to you ? jean -do and claude iaugh as they sip coffee and cognac and eat petit four in absolute bliss . the sound of a steady , high pitch alarm . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - night it 's the feed machine beep . the tube of brownish liquid be almost empty . Jean - do slowly close he eye . fade to black : ext . terrace , hospital - day abright summer day . jean -do' in he wheelchair and have a view of the sea , the dune and the lighthouse . sound of distant laughter . and a plane overhead . after a moment : sylvie 's voice sweetheart ? jean -do slowly swivel he head to see sylvie stand a short distance away , hold the hand of they two child , theophile , 10 , and celeste , 8 . 76 . all three be apprehensive but sylvie be more she old self now , exude energy and vitality . she wear dark glass and look wondertul in fashionable summery clothes . she carry a voluminous beach bag . the child stand and stare at he . sylvie squeeze asmile . sylvie hello . so. here we be . ( awkward silence ) it 's Father 's Day today . happy Father 's Day . sylvie let go of they hand . neither of the child move , just stare at jean - do , shocked and uncomprehend . then theophile burst into tear . sylvie immediately hold he to she and comfort he but celeste run to jean - do and smother he in noisy kiss . celeste you be my pop , you be my pop , you be my pop - ( stop , step back , stand gaze at he with a angelic smile ) ride a new pony yesterday . his name be pom-pom . they let I take the jump . | do not come off . she continue to smile while theophile shudder in the aftermath of tear . with a little nudging from sylvie he gather courage to go closer to jean - do . c.u. of jean - dors face jean -doa voice I guess that even a rough sketch , a shadow , a tiny fragment of a dadis stilla dad . he stand beside celeste just stare . then he take out a handkerchief from he pocket and wipe jean - do 's mouth . theophile you be drool - 77 . ext . path to the beach - day sylvie , unseen , wheel jean - do along the path towards the beach and the sea . the two child walk beside he , theophile silent , but occasionally dabbing jean - do ’'s mouth with a handkerchief , celeste sing softly . jean - do's voice Father 's Day . myson wiping the saliva that escape my close lip . we have never before fitte this make - up holiday into we emotional calendar . but | suppose there 's a first time for everything . lock - in syndrome . yet , I be fill with joy see they live , move , laugh - ext . sand dune & beach - day the family be settle in the embrace of a dune open to the sun but protect from the wind , a promenade café nearby . there be other people in wheelchair on the beach and bather in the sea . jean - dors voice at berck , wheelchair be as commonplace as ferraris at monte Carlo . theophile and celeste be change for swim and rush down to the sea , scream excitedly . sylvie ( call after the child ) do not go in too far . she watch they for a moment then hitches she skirt into she panty and sun she leg . she turn she attention to jean - do . he can see he own distort reflection in she sunglass . sylvie ( cont would ) I have talk to Claude . she say the book 's go well . | can not believe you be write it . | still think you be the most surprising man I have ever know . ( she smile ) I see you can move you head . ( more ) 78 . sylvie ( cont would ) ( he shake he head , show off ) would you like I to try the alphabet ? ( a blink ) I have be practise with Diane - she send she love - but I be not very good - ( rummages in she bag , find the alphabet , note book and pen ) you ready ? ( a blink ) have you have lot of visitor ? e- t- a-o - I - n-u-s - ( a blink ) s.e-t-a-o - ( a blink ) o.e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c - d-y-w-v-m - ( a blink ) I - ( a blink ) E. ( two blink ) some . some ? be that it ? ( a blink ) that be not so bad , be it ? | do rather well . shall | go on ? ( a blink ) who ? who 's visit you ? e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w-v-m-x-b-f-g-j-k-l - ( a blink ) she begin the alphabet but it soon fade into the alphabet mantra as she read Jean - do 's word from she notebook . sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) Laurent . sylvie ( cont would ) ( fishing ) anyone else ? sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) people from the office . 79 . sylvie ( cont would ) that 's it ? who else ? sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) she have not . sylvie ( cont would ) ( innocent ) who ? sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) you know . sylvie ( cont would ) she have not be ? sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) no . sylvie ( cont would ) why not ? | think she be suppose to be madly in love with you . sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) she will call . sylvie ( cont would ) well , | suppose that 's she business . sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) itis . she look out towards the child have a good time in the sea . jean - do no longer see himself . sylvie ( cont would ) the kid be great , be not they ? she turn back to he and he see himself again . sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) great . thank you for bring they . ( more ) 80 . sylvie ( cont would ) now they know whatit 's like to have a zombie for a father . sylvie ( cont would ) do not , Jean - do - sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) when I begin a diet a week before my stroke , I never dream of such dramatic result . sylvie laugh . she smile . sylvie ( cont would ) | take they to see papinou . he absolutely adore they . ( a moment ) I think she ought to come and visit you . it seem wrong to I that she stay away - sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) it 's how she be . sylvie ( cont would ) ( with feel ) that 's true , that 's how she be . sylvie ( cont would ) ( read ) you know something ? you be still able to make I laugh . sylvie ( cont would ) thanks . celeste 's voice mama , mama , mama ! sylvie turn and once more he reflection be lose . the child come rush back , find towel and dry themselves . theophile can we have ice-cream ? 81 . asudden , hoarse rattle from jean -do . they turn to he , alarmed . sylvie you all right ? ( a blink ) you sure ? should | take you back ? two blink . the child continue to dry themselves . while help they sylvie glance at he occasionally . close on jean - do's face jean -do' voice ( to himself ) that sound be the sound of I cry . it would take too long to tell you that |am hold back my tear . there be no word to express the grief that surge over I . | , they father , have lose the simple right to ruffle they hair , clasp they downy neck , hug they small , lithe , warm body tight against I . the song , '' anything , '' by the animal begin . sylvie here 's some money - she give celeste money from she purse and she run off . theophile look at jean - do , then approach cautiously . theophile you want to play hangman ? jean -do' voice I would like to tell he | have enough trouble play quadriplegic . ablink . theophile mama , pop want to play hangman with I . you have to help - ( more ) 82 . theophile ( cont would ) ( come close to jean - do ) | do not want to come but I be glad now . quick flash CUT : int . car - day close theophile , panic rise , as he scramble out of the car and run back down the hill . ext . sand dune & beach - day theophile , finish a ice-cream , have complete the gallow , the rope , the body , the arm , the noose and have now only the two leg leave to fill in . beside this draw be five dash for the word , the second dash have a ' a 's and the last a ' y '. sylvie , she glass reflect jean - do , recite the alphabet for jean - do to guess a letter . Beyond on the dune , celeste do cartwheel and handstand . sylvie e-t - ( a blink ) t? theophile ( excited , draw the rope ) no . the leave leg . one more , only one more . go on , go on - sylvie e-t-a-o-1-n - ( a blink ) n? theophile no ! ( he draw the second leg ) I win ! you be hang , pop ! you be hang ! sylvie what be the word ? 83. theophile happy . suddenly celeste burst into song : ' poor Little Rich girl 's , stand on the dune , face the other as though she be on a stage . she cartwheel and cavort while she sing . sylvie | do not know where she learn this old song . I think papinou teach she . theophile she show off , pop . tell she to stop . sylvie she 's have fun - theophile she 's show off - sylvie well do , céleste ! not far away the chapel clock chime . after a moment : theophile when can we go home ? the clock finish chime . silence but for the sound of the sea and distant laughter . sylvie go and change . céleste , time to go home soon . the child go to change out of they swim costume leave jean - do and sylvie alone . jean - do swivel he head to see the tide recede and some bather far out , just dot . other be leave the beach , trudging homeward . he turn he head to she . sylvie take hold of he inert hand and hold it tightly . 84 . he see himself and then he see tear run down from behind she glass . animal song end . ext . path back to the hospital - dusk sylvie , unseen , push jean - do in the wheelchair . ahead of he , celeste do cartwheel . beside he , walk theophile . celeste turn to jean -do . celeste pop , pop , sing the kangaroo song - theophile pop can not sing , stupid - celeste lil sing it - sylvie 's voice not now , céleste - but celeste , walk backwards , sing : celeste ' the kangaroo escape the Zoo . '' Goodbye zoo ! '' cry kangaroo , clear the wall with one clean jump , leaped across with a great big thump - ' and she turn and cartwheel ahead of they . theophile she 's a show off - he take jean - do 's hand and hold it tightly . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - dusk the nurse be make jean -do comfortable in he bed watch by sylvie , theophile and celeste . when the nurse retreat : 85 . sylvie kiss pop goodbye - celeste oh ! sylvie what ? celeste | forget to give he the fish . sylvie in my bag . I will find it . she rummages in she bag . theophile ( proud ) you have still get my mickey mouse - sylvie produce a draw of a fish with blue-lash eye and multicoloure scale , its shape like the symbol for infinity . she hand it to celeste who hold it up for jean - do to see . celeste do you like it ? sylvie e-t - ( a blink ) t.e - ( a blink ) e.e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r - ( a blink ) r.e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r - ( a blink ; guess ) terrific ? ( a blink ; celeste beam ) you want I to pin it up ? I will put it next to théo 's mickey mouse - ablink . she pin it to he wall . sylvie ( cont would ) say goodbye - each in turn kiss jean - do , sylvie last . 86 . celeste bye - theophile bye - sylvie Goodbye , sweetheart , I will come again soon they make for the door but theophile return to the bed . theophile ( a whisper ) I will come again soon , too - sylvie squeeze a smile and they go . the die sun stream in through the window . jean - do gaze at the draw of the fish . jean - do's voice now that 's what | call a wonderful day . ext . terrace , hospital - afternoon jean -do' Pov of alight aeroplane trail a advertising streamer with the word : berck - parc a theme jean -doa voice or , I have break my promise never to feel sorry for myself . what do you think ? Jean - do turn he head towards she . claude you be genuinely happy . Claude begin to take dictation . Jean - do blink . the alphabet accompaniment begin . the dialogue have a parallel life that be not in sync with they action . 87 . jean -doa voice okay , you be right , let 's leave it . I can understand now why Betty say you be so perfect for I . you never talk about yourself . you be patient , conscientious , caring , bright - she rub the sun cream on he forehead . claude stop it , | do not like compliment . jean -do' voice I would like to find out more about you life . claude 's voice nothing to find out . it 's a life . I be go to put some sun cream on you . you be get burnt . Claude stop put cream on he , and rummages through she bag for a cigarette , and walk out of frame . jean -doa voice married ? Lovers ? Children ? ( she smile ) awoman of mystery . claude 's voice that 's I . jean -do look at claude again . Claude smoke a cigarette . jean -do' voice you have no ego . and that 's the real miracle . claude 's voice yes , be n'tit . what 's the next chapter of the book ? she look at the water . blink , black : scene continue in : 88. int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day jean -do' voice | want to remember how all this happen to I . claude 's voice ask someone . Claude sit down and take dictation again . jean -do' voice no . the only memory | have be of théophile be there . and he be frighten . | want to ask he what he remember but | do not . | think it might frighten he even more . claude 's voice you want I to find out ? jean -do' voice no . for some reason | think it 's important that | remember . claude okay . she smile crookedly . ( this scene be move and edit to play in this part of the script ) the phone ring . claude reach out and press the appropriate button . claude ( cont would ) room 119 . papinou’s voice ( filter ) who 's that ? claude be Claude mendibil . I be sit with Jean - do. 89 . papinou voice ( filter ) this be he father speak . claude yes , we be expect you call . papinou voice ( filter ) so what do | do ? just talk ? claude yes but Jean - do will be able to answer . you will hear I say the alphabet and then - papinou voice yes , yes , yes , sylvie tell I - claude just talk , monsieur bauby . papinou voice ( filter ) can he hear I ? claude yes . papinou voice ( filter ) Jean - Dominique ? this be papinou . I be sit in the apartment , window open , try to get some air . the heatis appall . how be you oris thatadamn fool question ? int . papinou’s apartment , paris - day papinou , now rather well - groom and smartly dress in summery clothes , sit with the receiver to he ear , a cup of coffee on the table beside claude 's voice ( at speed ) ( filter ) ( more ) 90 . claude' voice ( cont would ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y - ( pause ) E - ( pause ; she guess ) yes , it 's a damn fool question . papinou ( fight tear ) 1 - imiss you . claude' voice ( filter ) e-t-a-o-i - ( pause ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w-v-m - ( pause ) e-t-a-o-l- ( pause , she guess ) imiss you . papinou put the cup down and gaze out of the window . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day jean - do have trouble hold back he tear . papinou’s voice ( filter ) God almighty , this be a impossible way to conduct a conversation . everything go out of my mind . no , no , I have remember . I be send you a present . it 's a surprise . ( he sip coffee ) sylvie bring the child to see I . they want to visit you but I think she 's frighten it might upset they too much . claude ( answer for Jean - do ) they have already be here . papinou’s voice I do not know . that 's great . do you remember you mother , Jean - do ? 91 . int . papinou’s apartment - day claude 's voice ( filter ) not really . papinou smile . papinou oh yes , | have a think . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day papinou 's voice ( filter ) about we . we be in the same boat . I be stick in this apartment . | can not get up and down the stair . you try four flight of stair when you be ninety - two year old . so you see , we be both lock - in case . you in you body and I in my apartment . ( he chuckle ) Jean - Dominique , remember , in the top right -hand drawer of my write desk there 's a letter . in itare my last wish . it 's in a file mark ' miscellaneous 's . ( tearful ) I must stop now - int . papinou’s apartment - day papinou stifles a sob . claude 's voice ( filter ) e-t-a-o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - ( pause ) e-t-a-o - ( pause ) e-t-a-o-i- N - ( she guess ) do n'tcry . papinou struggle to find a handkerchief in he pocket . 92 . int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day on Jean do. papinou’s voice ( filter ) that 's easy for you to say . ( with great passion ) you be my son , for Christ 's sake - good-bye , Jean - Dominique . I forget , it 's almost you birthday . I will call again . claude 's voice e-t - Jean - do blink . claude 's voice ( cont would ) e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h push into extreme close up of jean - do 's eye as it blink int . papinou’s apartment - day claude 's voice ( filter ) e-t-a ( a pause ) thank you . papinou replace the receiver and sob uncontrollably , wiping he eye . jean - dors voice it can not be easy for he to speak to a son who he know will never reply . ext . a dark GREEN sea - day Jean - do be float in he diving bell . the male nurse 's voice be you there Jean - do ? 93 . int . MAIN hallway , naval hospital - day amale nurse be try to get Jean - do 's attention . jean -doa voice at time | do not know anymore . they be stop in front of the stain - glass window . male nurse Jean - do I be go to leave you here for a second . I will be right back . Jean - do blink . the nurse leave Jean - do gaze at a bust of the Empress eugenie enclose ina vitrine that reflect he own deform image . wheelchair and gurney come and go . jean -doa voice not only be | exile , paralyze , mute , half deaf , deprive of all pleasure , and reduce to the existence of a jellyfish , but | be also horrible to behold . there come a time when the heaping up of calamity bring on uncontrollable nervous laughter - when , after a final blow from fate , we decide to treat it alla a joke . down the hallway , Empress eugenie , wear a hat with yellow ribbon and carry a silk parasol , and a chatter flock of lady - in- wait , approach Jean - do and appear behind he in the glass . eugenie run she finger through he hair . eugenie ( gently ) there , there , my child , you must be very patient . the municipal band begin to play a waltz . Jean - do 's face move and he start laugh eugenie soon join in , touch he face , and she encourage he to stand up , which he do . 94 , Close on Jean - do , back in he wheelchair , tear in he eye . the nurse return and move the wheelchair down the hallway . int . corridor leading to rehab - day jean - do be be wheeled by the male nurse , down the corridor . alittle way along the female nurse stand by the door to the rehab centre and she 's smile and try no to giggle . jean -do' voice hello . what 's go on ? when jean -do reach the female nurse : the male nurse's voice right . now ! the female nurse throw open the door and jean - do be wheeled through . int . rehab centre - day in the mirrore room the other patient , nurse , claude , sandrine , beatrice , dr . cocheton , all with they eye on jean - do . he can see they , of course , and he can see himself . as he appear : all ( in french ) ' happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday , dear Jean - do , happy birthday to you ! 's the patient stand beam at he . some applaud . jean - do make a choke sound . jean -do' voice I be cry again - the patient and dr . cocheton turn away and ignore he to continue with therapy and exercise . jean -do be wheeled towards sandrine , claude and beatrice and they wish he happy birthday . each in turn kiss he on the forehead . 95 . sandrine we each have a birthday present for you - beatrice I be give you the day off from the vertical board . sandrine and my presentis something entirely different . she go behind the chair and start to wheel he close to a mirror . she swivel the chair so he face the mirror . the mirror sandrine sit on jean - do's leave . both face the mirror full on . claude and beatrice watch . sandrine ( cont would ) my presentis that , today , on you 43rd birthday , you be go to say the entire alphabet , beginning with a . all right ? ( a blink ) a ( he make a sound ; she smile ) good . B. Force you lip together tightly . jean - do ( a approximation ) b-b-b-b. sandrine great . c. just hiss . tongue on the tooth - jean -do ( loudly and uncontrolled ) ssssss - the hiss alert patient near by . they begin to watch . sandrine excellent . D. tongue on the ridge of the upper tooth . 96 . jean -do da-da - sandrine E. tongue on lower tooth and push . ( he make a sound ) good . f. Upper tooth on the lower lip . jean -do sssh - sandrine no. teeth on lip . like this - ( she show he ) that 's it . try . jean -do fitft - sandrine yes . now , G. ga - ga - back of the palate . ( a groan ; smile again ) okay , we will work on that . aich , just breathe out - ha-ha - jean -do ha - dr . cocheton and more patient begin to gather behind they . sandrine perfect . i. ( a approximation ) we will get there . jay . as if you be go to sneeze - ( a approximation ) almost . now , kay . tongue up in the mouth as high as you can - jean -do ka - ka - sandrine excellent . L. that 's too easy for you . jean -do La. 97 . sandrine mmmm . some of the patient begin to say the letter with he . jean -do mmmm . sandrine perfect . nnnn . jean -do nnnnn . sandrine o . Drop the jaw . ( a approximation ) P. close lip . make the breath explode . jean -do pphhh . he dribble and she wipe he . sandrine ( a smile ) now q. like the ka . jean -do ka - ka - sandrine R. a dog growl . jean -do Rrrrr. sandrine now S. like the c. jean -do ssssss . sandrine that 's also too easy for you . T. like the D but softer . 98 . jean -do deeee . teeee . sandrine good ! U. you have see something you like . oooh ! or , as béatrice would say , blow a kiss . the patient join in . jean - do & patient ooooo00h - much laughter . sandrine vee . teeth on lower lip . vee. jean -do ve. ve. sandrine nearly . W. push the sound through the lip . wha. ( a approximation ) x. put E , k and S together . the patient ekssssss - sandrine ( to the patient ) we know you can do it , thank you . we want he to do it . go on , Jean - do . jean -do eksss . apatient bravo ! sandrine the best yet . two more . y. yeah , yeah . ( a approximation ) the last one . Z. Zzzz . a insect buzzing . tongue to the close tooth . Zzzz. 99 , jean-do Zzzzzz77Zz . she beam . sandrine you have do it , Jean - do ! happy birthday . cheer , applause , bang of crutch , from the patient . claude Jean - do , | have a surprise trip for you this afternoon . happy birthday . jean -do 's mouth twitches . it 's a smile , and ext . a held of wild flowers - day the butterfly soar , swoop , float against a sky of puffy cloud . ext . aboard a SMALL fshing boat - day from the sky we see : boat with outboard motor , some towing water -skier , weave pattern . afish boat , at good speed , move across the water . on it be jean - do and claude . jean - do's Pov - hospital & shore against the sky , the hospital . he be see it , seat in he wheel - chair , from a little way out at sea . the great sprawling building , the beach pack with little speck of carefree bather , the sea and the cloudless sky . he turn he head to find claude with , as usual , she note book . they be on the deck ofa small fishing boat . the fisherman at the tiller . two male nurse near the prow , smoking cigarettes . they have a cassette player which play pop music ( Lou reed 's '' pale Blue eye '' . ) jean -doa voice thank you . nothing could be more perfect . she smile . 100 . claude | think a outing with a new vista would do you good . he blink . claude ( cont have ) Close you eye , I have another surprise for you . he close he eye . the screen go dark . claude 's voice okay , now open they . jean -do open he eye to see claude sit opposite he , a book in she hand . on the wear jacket the count of monte cristo by alexandre duma '. claude it 's nota first edition , but it 's pretty old . she begin to recite the alphabet - and make note - which insist itself and fade as necessary . jean -do' voice thank you so much . claude would you like I to read something to you ? jean -doa voice chapter 59 . she turn to it . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) the coincidence frighten I - claude ( she read ) ' they take they place either side of the paralytic ... on jean -do claude 's voice ( read ) monsieur noirtier be sit in a arm -chair , which move upon castor , in which he be wheeled .... sight and hearing be the only sense remain .... in short , he whole appearance produce on the mind the impression of a live corpse . 101 . jean -doa voice ( from memory ) monsieur noirtier be sit in a arm -chair , which move upon castor , in which he be wheeled .... sight and hearing be the only sense remain .... in short , he whole appearance produce on the mind the impression of a live corpse . she look up and pick up she notebook . jean -doa voice how about that ? that 's I toa T. claude nonsense - jean -do' voice oh , yes . noirtier be literature 's first case - and the only one , as far as | know - of lock - in syndrome . claude yes , but he 's a sinister character , Jean - do , he make one shudder . look - she hold up the book which have a black and white illustration . insert - illustration the deform , monstrous noirtier , seat in he chair . jean -doa voice | make people shudder , too . claude 's voice you do not - jean - do's voice like noirtier in he wheel chair , communicate only with he eye . he haunt I . claude 's voice do not make too much of it . jean - dors voice come on , admitit , it 's a extraordinary coincidence . claude 's voice ladmit it . jean -do' eye turn to see the water - skier tow by at speed . the skier wave . jean -do' voice | should never have contemplate rewrite Dumas . do not tamper with a masterpiece . it be fate . it 's a lesson , you see . ext . a dark GREEN sea - day Jean - do 's diving bell pull Claude down in the opaque , green , bottomless ocean . jean -do' voice I do not know noirtier be the man | be go to become . my diving bell have drag you down to the bottom of the sea with I . CUT back to : ext . aboard a SMALL fishing boat - day claude Jean - do , there be no place I have ever be , that be more beautiful than you thought . and if sometimes | be at the bottom of the sea with you , you be also my butterfly . close on jean - dors face the fisherman Mademoiselle ? jean - do swivel to see he . 103 . claude yes ? the fisherman | think we should be get back now . claude okay . the boat start to manoeuvre . jean -do' voice after we finish this book , we will write another one about a long-distance runner . you never know . perhaps I will become like he . she laugh softly . she stand , go to the wooden rail and gaze out at the shore . Jean - do turn to see she . the hospital and shore be loom towards they , the chapel bell begin to toll . int . jean - do 's room , naval hospital - day sylvie be by he bedside with a stack of open and unopen letter . sylvie open a envelope and take out a letter . sylvie and this be from roberta bosson . she 's a photographer , be not she ? ( a blink ; she read ) ' dear Jean - do , it 's one of that lazy Sunday afternoon and it 's raining . yesterday , | pick rose at dusk , and each one somehow remind I of you . and | want you to know that . with love , roberta . 's ( she open another ) from henri. ( read ) ' Jean - do , | know you be sham . you just want to draw attention to yourself . please stop immediately , come back to the office and edit you magazine .' ( more ) 104 . sylvie ( cont would ) ( smile , take up another ) this be papinou 's handwrite . ( she open it ) he write , ' this be a present 's . it 's a photograph - she show it to jean - do the photograph the one see in papinou 's apartment of jean - do age 11 ona miniature golf course . sylvie 's voice there 's something on the back . the photograph be turn over . on itis write : jean - do , age 11 , berck -sur-mer the sound of the telephone ringing . sylvie flick the switch . sylvie Jean - dominque bauby 's room . awoman 's voice ( a little startle ) who be you ? sylvie it 's sylvie de rochefoucauld . who be you ? the woman' voice oh my God . sylvie realise who itis . sylvie ( to jean - do , a hoarse whisper ) it 's she . she turn to look at the photo on the wall , concentrate on one of a young , beautiful woman . the woman' voice yes , it 's ' she 's , | hear that - 105 . jean -do' voice merde . sylvie ( to the phone ) well ? the woman' voice | want to speak to Jean - do . sylvie he can not speak . you have to speak through I - the woman' voice ( overlap ) | know he can not speak , | just mean - sylvie but he can hear you - the woman' voice I can not speak with you there - sylvie you have to , there 's no one else . the woman' voice shit. sylvie | beg you pardon ? the woman' voice I say shit . sylvie that 's what | think you say . the woman' voice they tell I the therapist would be there - sylvie well , she be not - the woman' voice shit. brief silence . sylvie ls that all you can say ? the woman' voice do not be clever with I , please , sylvie - sylvie just say what you have to say . apart from shit . the woman' voice jean- do ? sylvie he 's listen . the woman 's voice ( with difficulty ) darling . | know | say I would come but ! get as far as the train station and then turn back . I just can not face it . please , please forgive I . ( change of tone , almost desperate ) sylvie , can not you just go out of the room for a moment ? | have personal thing to say , | do not want to say they in front of you - sylvie ican'tleave he . ( several blink ) wait a moment , Jean - do want to say something . ( at speed ) e-t-a-o - ( a blink ) o.e-t-a-o-i-n - ( a blink ) n.e - ( a blink . then two blink ) one.e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s - ( a blink ) s.e - ( a blink ) e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s-h-r-p-c - ( more ) 107 . sylvie ( cont would ) ( a blink ) one sec. ( she get up angrily ) I be leave the room . for one second . she go out but leave the door open and she shadow can be see . she may or may not be listen . the woman' voice Jean - do be you alone now ? ( brief silence ) sweetheart , | love you . | want to see you but | have not the courage . I do not want to see you as you be now . | only want to think of you as you be . do you understand ? ( pause ) oh God , this be so painful . you be in my thought all the time . every minute of the day and night . | wish |was not such a coward , but ! be , and that 's how itis . ( brief silence ) | may go to Switzerland for a few day . ( brief silence ) you know what | regret most ? that | say no when you want I to have you child - sylvie return . silence . sylvie I be back . ( silence ) you want to say anything , Jean - do ? jean -do' voice ( two blink ) no . sylvie ( she soften ; into the speaker ) yes , he do want to say something . he want to say , ' I love you , 's but he do not want to sayitin front of I . the woman' voice thank you , sylvie . goodbye. 108. the click of she receiver . sylvie press the off button and go to the window , she back to jean - do , look out . after a moment : jean -doa voice it 's be my great fortune to have have exceptional woman in my life . int . wax museum - night great crash chord on a organ . nightmarish atmosphere . turn-of- the-century style distorting mirror ina distort hall , wall aslant , narrow archway , undulate ceiling . and the frightening music play on the organ at full blast . jean -do glide through a arch , see himself distort . jean -do' voice talk about dream be boring , especially other people 's dream . but last night , | dreamt | visit Paris 's wax museum . he wander towards another arch over which there be a sign : today . he enter . there be only two wax model . one be of dr mercier , the ophthalmologist , grotesque , leer , with he hand cover in congeal blood . the other be monsieur noirtier . as jean - do pass they , mercier wink and monsieur noirtier cackle electronically . there 's yet another arch and over it the sign : a surprise beatrice and female nurse , all in outrageously sexy outfit . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) if only . 109 . as he pass beatrice cross herself , and one of the nurse wiggle she hip . above the next arch , the legend : tomorrow itis a exact replica of he room 119 , but the photo and drawing be ill- define as if the wall melt . there be no one in the bed , just a hollow in the middle of the yellow sheet . but surround the bed be wax model of dr . lepage and dr . cocheton , sandrine , sylvie , celeste , theophile and claude . he weave he way between they , examine they closely : sandrine smile , sylvie with freeze tear on she cheek , the child smile , too , the other have they hand stretch out towards the hollow in the bed as if in supplication or a benediction . where the speaker - phone should be there be a lever with a sign : pull I he pull the lever and from the ceiling , like confetti , a great rain of paper descend . they're the letter of the alphabet and they stick to the wax model and to jean - do in nonsensical order . above the next arch , the legend : yesterday Jean - do see himself sit in a first class seat on a airplane . all of the other seat on the plane be empty . a man , roussin , approach the sit Jean - do . roussin Jean - Dominique , I be sorry , but if | do not get a seat on this plane , | will miss my connection to Hong - Kong . jean -do sitting ( as he stand up ) please , take mine . I will take the next flight . ( turn back at roussin ) ( more ) jean -do sitting ( cont would ) oh , by the way . you be not go to Hong - Kong you be go to Beirut . Jean - do see Jean - do walk out the door of the plane in mid-flight , into the white bright sky female nurse 's voice come on , Jean - do , you sleep pill . CUT to : int . jean - dors room , naval hospital - day a bright light be hit the lens . the female nurse be lean over he with a pen-light in she hand . female nurse do you want itnow ? ( two blink ) you want I to come back later ? ( a blink ) okay , it 's up to you - he turn he eye on the photo , the card , the drawing on he wall . and he see he reflection in the frame elle cover . jean -doa voice I have always believe dream only tell you about you own hide inner life . never about other people or the future . | wish ! know why but for some reason | know my wax dream be about I . I be afraid . dissolve to : int . rehab centre - day jean -do on the vertical board in the upright position reflect in a mirror . the room be more or less empty but for one young man with a artificial leg exercise . somewhere , music be play : a aria from mozart 's ' Don Giovanni '. lll . jean -do' voice the feel of doom would not leave . it take what ican only describe as a miracle to lift my spirit . it 's dangerous to believe in personal miracle . they tend to make one feel self - important . nevertheless , | must report that I believe something miraculous do occur - ext . a feld of wild flowers - day the sun be set as the butterfly come to rest on a flower , its wing flutter . the wing make a beat sound like a drum or a heartbeat , loud and insistent . jean -do' voice | begin to sing . int . rehab centre - day jean -do reflect full on in a mirror , sandrine and beatrice either side of he . in the background , patient and nurse . sandrine & beatrice sing with he , softly and sweetly . jean -do ( sing not really intelligibly ) ' the kangaroo escape the Zoo . '' Goodbye zoo ! '' cry kangaroo , clear the wail with one clean jump , leaped across with a great big thump . ' he pants . they beam at he . beatrice be not that the most beautiful song in the world ? jean - do grunt , then twitches a smile . int . elevator , naval hospital - evening amale nurse and jean - do descend . he can see himself in the mirror . faint , the sound of what may be a drum beat . jean -do' voice swim up from the mist of a coma , | can grunt . | can sing . my hearing be not great and sometimes | think | hear my heart beat but / ell myselfit 's the sound of butterflys wing . yes , lam make indomitable progress and | may even have butterfly hearing . | can look forward to the future . soon the summer will come to a end and I will begin my first autumn in this hospital . nowhere else . int . long hospital corridor - evening the male nurse wheel jean - do down the corridor , they reflection in the glass - fronted cupboard . the sound of pop music from somewhere . jean -doa voice my life be here . a constant repetition . in this place . insert shot of room 119 . he bed . the rehab centre . he wheelchair . the corridor . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) have | be blind and deaf , or do it take the harsh light of disaster to show a person they true nature ? they image in the glass - front flicker by . ext . terrace , hospital - evening jean - do be wheeled on to the extension of the terrace . the pop music louder . the end of summer but still warm . the light fade . jean -doa voice and today | have a visitor and | may show off , like céleste , so that everyone in Paris can be tell what a indomitable vegetable lam . as they turn the corner and the lighthouse come into view he see laurent dance casually with beatrice to pop music from a cassette playerm ( a mambo version of '' ne I quite pas . '' or brigitte bardot 's '' harley davidson '' ) claude sit ata table correct typescript . see jean -do , laurent and beatrice stop . claude look up . laurent at last ! Jean - do , how go it ? ( jean - do grunt ) he 's speak ! Jean - do , you be speak . sandrine better than that , he can sing a song . laurent no ! beatrice ( turn down the volume ) come on , Jean - do , sing for Laurent - jean -do ( a grunt ) uh-uh . claude please , Jean - do , sing for I , then - jean -do' voice | say okay . laurent he be always a obstinate fellow . you be always a stubborn bastard , be not you ? everything in you own time , be | right ? ( come to close to jean - do ) ( more ) laurent ( cont would ) imiss you . | have to come again . but | hear you be - he break off . the light have fade . the lighthouse beam explode and start to revolve . beatrice tell we , Laurent . what 's he really like ? laurent Book lover - claude yes - laurent woman lover . ( the other laugh softly ) car lover . food lover . eat like a pig but never put on weight . and always the best restaurant . ( he crouch down beside jean -do ) | think about you a lot , Jean - do . and you red convertible . you remember ? and quick - tempere ? Christ , you temper . he would fly off the handle before | could say berck - sur - mer . ( to the other ) we have be friend for more than twenty - five miserable year - ( smile ) jean - do ’'s voice ( grunt he song ) ' the kangaroo escape the Zoo . '' Goodbye zoo ! '' cry kangaroo , clear the wall - he make a choke sound . laurent be you all right - ? beatrice he 's sing - jean - do shake he head from side to side , the choke sound more harsh and frightening . claude ( alarmed ) he 's not - sandrine ( also alarmed ) find Dr. cocheton - the sound of a ambulance bell . int / ext . ambulance ( travelling ) & paris street - night rain . the sound of the ambulance bell loud . jean - do in the back of the ambulance , well wrap up , seat in he wheelchair , look through the window at the heaw traffic in Paris street , and the building . he be reflect in the pane . he have a oxygen mask over he nose anda tube attach to the corner of he mouth . a attendant keep a eye on he . jean -doa voice | have pneumonia . and just when ! think - ext . a dark GREEN sea - day the diving bell float aimlessly in the murky water . int / ext . ambulance & paris street - night as before : jean - do 's reflection gaze at the pass scene . jean - do ’'s voice like a sailor who watch the shore gradually disappear , | watch my past recede . but more and more of it be reduce to the ash of memory . ( suddenly see something ) my God ! the ambulance have slowed down in traffic opposite a high - rise ultra - modern building with the elle logo . acouple , a man and a woman , stand outside , in the rain , smoking cigarety . jean -doa voice ( cont would ) that 's where | work . and the café next door where I would drop in for a coffee . and that couple , | know they , but I can not remember they name . ( he grunt ) something else catch he attention and he crane and twist desperately to see . acar , a BMW , draw up and out step a man . the doorman rush to he with a umbrella to shield he as he hurry into the building . jean -do' voice ( cont would ) that 's my car ! oh Christ , my new car - he gasp . ext . apartment block , paris - day jean -do emerge from the building , casually dress against the cold . he greet Paul , the doorman / valet , who hand he he key . jean -do ' Morning , Paul . paul ' Morning , monsieur . jean -do approach he new BMW , stop and gaze at it admiringly . jean - do my God ! now that 's what I calla car ! paul qui monsieur bauby . I be sure it drive beautifully . jean -do sure do . he get into the car . int . BMW - day jean - do in the driver 's seat . jean - do ( inhale deeply ) smell that leather . there 's nothing like it . with the pleasure of a child , jean - do admire the facia and the control . then he start the engine . ext . paris street - day the BMW travel . int / ext . BMW & paris outskirt - day jean - do at the wheel , glow . less traffic . open it up on the road . ext . drive & SMALL country house - day the BMW enter the drive and make its way to the entrance of the house and stop . jean - do get out . almost immediately , from the house rush celeste and theophile with a backpack . celeste & theophile pop , pop , pop , pop - they run into he arm and he hug they tightly . he glance up . sylvie stand in the doorway . jean -do ( awkward ) hello . sylvie hello . do not bring he back too late on Sunday . theophile ( admire the car ) wow ! celeste next week - end 's my week - end - jean - do absolutely - theophile be we go to a theatre ? jean - do we certainly be . and dinner afterwards . theophile oyster ? jean - do as many as you can eat . he give celeste a hug and wave half - heartedly to sylvie . theophile ' bye , Mom . can | getin the front ? jean -do that 's the best seat . ext . country road - day the BMW cruise smoothly . Music play on the car radio . '' Day in the life '' by the Beatles . int . BMW - day jean - do at the wheel , theophile , beside he , loving every second . ext . gentle hill the BMW come to the brow and then descend . int . BMW - day close jean -do . a flicker of concern in he eye . he hold the wheel a little more tightly . ext . railway crossing - day the barrier be down . the BMW have to stop and wait . int . BMW - day jean -do be beginning to feel more unwell but do not quite know what the matter be . theophile hope it 's the tgv - ext . railway crossing - day atgv flash by . the barrier be raise . theophile 's voice yeah ! yeah ! int . BMW - day jean - do do not move . bead of sweat break out on he forehead . sound of breathe . he 's hold on to the wheel and try to breathe rhythmically . theophile come on , pop - jean - do react and the car move forward . ext . another gentle hill - day the music continuous . the BMW ascend . lot suddenly stop . int / ext . BMW - day jean -do be beginning to rock very slightly , he colour drain . 120 . theophile what 's the matter ? jean -do we have to stop . | do not feel well - close theophile , terrify . jean -do ( cont would ) where be we ? theophile near aunt Diane 's - jean - do be we ? theophile we pass the turn to she house , just back there - jean - do run , théo . run and get she . theophile ( terrify ) pop - jean - do quickly - close theophile , panic rise , as he scramble out of the car and run back down the hill . jean - do close he eye in pain . the screen go black . jean -do open he eye to see theophile and he aunt , diane , mid - 30 , stand there . diane be wear a nurse 's uniform . jean -do hold on tight to the steering wheel . theophile and diane reach the BMW . diane théo just catch I , | be on my way to work - ( more ) 121 . diane ( cont would ) ( jean - do start to hyperventilate ) theo , help I get you dad in the back seat . Diane and theo struggle to get Jean - do out of the car and into the back seat . diane ( cont would ) théo , go to the neighbour and tell she to phone you mother . quickly . I will drive you dad to my clinic . theophile hesitates , then run off while Diane get into the driver seat . the car move off atspeed . close - jean -do the car travel at speed . hyperventilate , jean -do 's face be gradually , very gradually become paralyze , the cheek droop , the mouth twist downward , eye stare . forehead cover in sweat . his arm be turn inward , he eye stare . he slowly , slowly close he eye . int . a dark GREEN sea - day the diving bell sink slowly towards the interminable darkness . blackness . claude 's voice ( read ) have time for one last think . int . room , paris clinic - day close jean - dors eye . the Pov be no longer jean - do 's. claude 's voice ( read ) not think we will have to cancel go to the theatre . we would be late in any case . 122 . slowly , more be reveal : jean - do '’s paralyze face , he right eye stitched close . he lie in a bed , with tube , a ivpole , a monitoring screen . the room be bare of personal effect , the wall white , antiseptic . claude sit beside he , read from typescript . claude ( read ) ' we will go tomorrow night . and then | sink into a coma . 's she look up at he . he blink . claude ( cont would ) e-t-a-o-l - he blink claude ( cont would ) I e-t-a-o-1-n-u-s - he blink once claude ( cont would ) s. he give two blink . claude ( cont would ) is. e-t-a-o-1 - ablink . claude ( cont would ) e-t- blink . claude ( cont would ) T. two blink . 123. claude ( cont would ) be it . e- t- a - ablink . claude ( cont would ) be ita - he give two blink . claude ( cont would ) E - -o-i-n-u-s-h-r-p-c-d - y-w-v-m-x -b- ablink . claude ( cont would ) b.e-t-a-o - he blink once claude ( cont would ) o. bo. ( guess ) be ita book ? he blink on the blink : the book jacket with the title : le scaphandre ET le papillon ( superimpose subtitle : the diving bell and the butterfly ) jean-dominque bauby jean - do blink . claude hand open the book . jean -do' voice ( read ) ' for my child , théophile and céleste . and my deep gratitude to Claude mendibil , whose all important contribution to this page will become clear as my story unfold . 's claude fight tear and turn away . 124 , sylvie study a small pile of news paper cutting . sylvie this review , Jean - do ! you want to hear they ? Jean - do 's fall asleep to the sound of a heart beat . he breathes uneasily . jean -doa voice ( blink twice ) no. on second blink : ext . a held of wild flowers - day the butterfly in flight , the sound of its beat wing loud and thrill . superimpose caption two day after the publication of ' the dive Bell and the Butterfly 's in 1996 , Jean - dominque bauby die . the butterfly disappear . the flower sway . the heart beat of the wing become silent . fade out .