all saint day written by Troy duffy September 1 , 2007 ext . boyleston STREET , boston -- morning the boulevard be empty , eerie silence . no car , no people . a man walk down the middle of the street , long trench , dark shade . though he do not speak , we hear ... man v.o . there 's two kind of people in this world when you boil it all down . you get you talker and you get you doer . we recognize this man as rocco . he cross copley Square toward the loom dome of the trinity Church . rocco v.o. most people be just talker . all they get be talk . but when all 's say and do , it be the doer who change the world . and when they do that , they change we . that 's why we never forget they ... so , which one be you ? do you just talk about it ? or do you stand up and do something about it ? because believe you I all the rest of it be just coffee house bullshit . fade to black ... ext . deep countryside -- day subtext : " Ireland " from behind we see two man perch atop a boulder . a flock of sheep encircle they . they army sack and shotgun be nearby . they roll they own cigarettes with effortless synchronicity and light up . connor and murphy macmanus ( 30' ) now have long hair with heavy facial growth . rugged . pierce eye . look to the horizon ... murphy look like a storm 's comin' . connor aye . ext . field -- later moody music : the brother drive the flock across jewel green hill . Murphy cut a sheep from a thicket and set it off . poppa m v.o. peace , they say , be the enemy of memory . so it have be for my boy . 2 . connor share some jerky with a sheep dog as the flock surge . poppa m v.o. ( cont 'd ) for some time now , they past have feel like a dream to they ... fade and wear . Murphy touch the fade celtic Cross tattoo on he forearm . connor see . the music take we to a secluded , pioneer - esque ranch . close on : poppa m 's ( 58yr ) face as he cough and watch he son approach from he rock chair on the porch . poppa m v.o. ( cont 'd ) and then suddenly , as if not a day have pass ... it be back . I could see it in they eye . int . farmhouse -- night poppa m and he son eat a rustic dinner . it storm outside . poppa m v.o . I could feel it , heavy in they presence . something call they back . poppa m look to he boy who just keep eat . dip to black ... int . farmhouse , front porch -- next morning very early dawn , shadowy morning light . connor and Murphy sip coffee and look out into the rain . lighten light up the flock . through the open door behind they , poppa m stoke a warm fire . connor touch the celtic Cross tattoo on he forearm . the boy look at each other as the rain suddenly stop and all the " little sound " of morning cease . something 's amiss . Thunder . ominous music as ... ext . boston , trinity church -- night from behind , we see a man with a crew CUT , stare at the dome of the trinity . slo -mo , close on : Crew cut 's boot as he pace toward . the threaten music bleed over to ... ext . farm -- moment later just inside the tree , a pack of wolf stalk the sheep flock ... slo -mo , close on : a wolf 's paw as it pace toward ... we intercut between boston and ireland as chaos erupt ... 3. boston : Crew cut quickly enter the church . ireland : the wolf burst from the tree line . boston : a frantic priest in he 50' weep and beg as Crew cut slam he to he knee with a .9 mm to he head . ireland : the wolf savagely attack the scream sheep . boston : muzzle flash , blood splatter on the altar . ireland : boom ! boom ! connor and Murphy blast shotgun at the wolf . one be hit , the rest retreat . the boy perform mercy killing on the wolf and one sheep . everything calm as poppa m rush up with a mag light and stop . he cough roughly . moody choral music begin ... poppa m v.o . " and they cry out , how long o'lord dost thou not judge and revenge we blood upon they that dwell on the earth ? " ext . field -- later the boy toss the wolf carcass onto a bonfire . it rain again . poppa m v.o. and God say , " all will fear the wrath of the lamb . for the great day of they reckoning hath come . " poppa m look across the blaze to he son . connor and Murphy stare into the fire , bath in the light of angry flame . poppa m " and they that holdest my name shall come with the shaking of the earth and the roiling of the ocean . " ext . farm -- night downpour . a rugge old jeep tear through the mud . it stop at the farmhouse . poppa m and the boy come out onto the porch . a dark figure with a fedora and rain slicker exit the jeep and hurry to the porch . meet uncle sibeal ( 62yr ) . he wear a priest 's collar . sibeal something 's happen . 4. ext . church -- morning break news . reporter # 1 be live from outside a church . squad , coroner 's van , CSI etc . Police hold back crowd . reporter # 1 there be no new information on the victim find slain this morning inside trinity Church . as you can see the size of the crowd here have increase substantially over the last couple of hour . people be demand answer as to how a priest could be murder in a church . but perhaps more shocking , we have confirm that the body be ritualize with penny in the eye . many remember this as the grisly call card of the prolific vigilante killer know as the Saints , who go on a murder spree here in Boston . news footage : people scream as they run out of a courthouse . reporter # 1 v.o . a rampage that end six year ago , when the Saints brazenly walk into open court ... news footage : a body be wheeled out on a gurney . reporter # 1 v.o. ( cont 'd ) ... and execute mafia Don , poppa Joe yakavetta before a courtroom of terrify witness , then simply disappear without a trace . grainy , unclear security footage of three man walk the court hall , two in heavy black jacket , one in a trench ... reporter # 1 v.o. ( cont 'd ) the now legendary security camera footage from that harrowing day , we singular tiny glimpse of this infamous and controversial killer . we be back with reporter # 1 at the church . reporter # 1 as police have yet to confirm the Saints ' possible involvement , the ominous question hang heavy in the air . " be they back ? " 5 . int . farmhouse -- night sibeal , poppa m , connor and Murphy sit around the table . the boy have a look of control anger . presently ... murphy the priest . do they release he name ? sibeal no . but I make a few call , still get some friend in the diocese there . mckinney . Father Douglas mckinney . the boy flash with recognition . sibeal ( cont 'd ) you know he ? connor knew of he . everybody do . a regular mother theresa . youth hostel , soup kitchen . even make it into the newspaper sometimes . sibeal consider this . he genuflect and turn . sibeal listen boy . I think it 's best that ya just stay put and we will try to figure out what ... connor and Murphy be out the door and head for the barn . confused , sibeal look to poppa m , who just sip he coffee . int . barn -- moment later moody music : the boy begin to look more like " themselves " as the they cut they hair and beard with sheep sheer . the brother lift a chest from a hole in the barn floor . they load gun and money into black duffel bag and place they signature rosary around they neck , clasp they hand in prayer ... int . trinity church , alter -- moment later detective greenly ( 38yr ) be alone on the alter . Police line all around as greenly stare at the body like the detective have see a ghost . he turn and nervously stagger toward the front vestibule . int . vestibule -- same time detective dolly and duffy be scared . in hushed tone ... 6 . duffy we need to keep we head , here . it 's probably not even they . dolly of course it be not they but that do not really matter , do it . we skeleton just come scream out of the closet . we be fuck . duffy we be not fuck . greenly enter from the church proper . dolly and duffy turn . greenly we be totally fuck ! ext . rapid flashback sequence , " accessory to murder " greenly , disguise as a correctional officer , let connor , Murphy and poppa m out of a paddywagon . flash ! the Saints enter the Suffolk courthouse , undetected . flash ! dolly , dress as a civilian , pull the fire alarm . flash ! the Saints execute poppa Joe yakavetta before many terrify witness , the alarm blaring in the b.g. flash ! int . back to present , vestibule -- moment later greenly ... and not just fuck , like elephant dick , pound in the ass , no reach around , jungle fuck ! duffy now 's not the time to panic , Green bean ! greenly oh , I disagree . now 's the perfect time to panic . we be all accessory to ... dolly do not you fuck say it ! they all argue over one another . officer # 1 peak he head in the front door . the detective grind to a halt . officer # 1 her e.t.a. be ten minute . 7. ext . graveyard -- morning close on : a gravestone . " Paul M. smecker , 1956 - 2003 " we reveal a pair of sexy female leg , expensive " Jimmy choo " heel . from behind we see the woman rest a rise at smecker 's grave . " leg " turn and walk toward a wait squad car in b.g . ext . church -- moment later dolly , duffy and greenly stand outside in the entry way of the church . though still on edge , they have calm . dolly I do not even know he have a protege . what be this bullshit ? duffy whip out he trusty note pad . duffy special agent Eunice Bloom , 32 year old . smecker pluck she right out of class at quantico . greenly smecker hand pick she ? aw , man . this brawd 's gonna be a nightmare . duffy she be assign to ocd two year back . she can shoot a gun , set three course record during she training . greenly great . a bull dike , Annie Oakley wanna - be . we gotta get rid of she . duffy she be also a authority on the Saints case . which mean smecker must have walk she through it . the cop suddenly flush with fear . dolly and the hit just keep on comin' . int . farmhouse -- moment later sibeal wait as poppa m think , then shake he head . 8. poppa m naw ... I be in no condition . I would just slow them down . sibeal well , be ya at least gonna try to talk they out of this ? poppa m shake he head . sibeal ( cont 'd ) we do not even know what this be yet ! somebody could just be tryin ' to get away with murder here ! poppa m aye . only there 's about a thousand easier way to do that . trust I . someone 's callin ' they out , sibeal . ya kill a priest in a church and make it look like they do it . bring them back with a vengeance . do not know who . do not know why . but someone think he 's real fuckin ' clever . only one problem with he little plan . sibeal what 's that ? poppa m it work . fear and frustration burst from sibeal . sibeal Jesus Christ ! d'er 's too much we do not know and if you be will not at least try to talk some sense into they , I will ! the door open and in come connor and Murphy . sibeal note the change in appearance . the boy stand at the kitchen table 's oppose end , hand in they pocket . they resolve fill the room . the brother face off with poppa m and sibeal : a bizarre board meeting . poppa m cock a brow at sibeal who clear he throat . sibeal ( cont 'd ) exactly what do you intend to do ? silence . nobody move . connor withdraw a hand from he pocket and look down . he flip a penny on the table . it clatter to a stop . 9 . murphy every last motherfucker that have anything to do with it . ext . church -- later a squad pull up . dolly , duffy and greenly turn . dolly game time . how be we play this ? duffy fed love to pull the divide and conquer routine . we hard line she . stick together on this . agreed ? dolly agreed . we be a brick wall . they all nod and stiffen they resolve . greenly let 's rock this bitch . Rockin ' music fade in as a uniform open the squad door . slo -mo : eunice bloom ( 32yr ) exit the squad and move toward . she be simply delicious : sexy , blonde hair , a woman 's business suit , short skirt , brass rimmed specs . each detective 's face drop . soon she be before they . Music cut . she smile and speak with a southern drawl a la Doc holiday . eunice ( pointing ) you hafta be detective dolly and duffy . be I right ? ( extend hand ) Eunice Bloom . a pleasure . dolly and duffy shake and manage a nod . greenly be still enamor . eunice ( cont 'd ) and you must be greenly . smecker always say you be the funny one . greenly t'sup ... I mean , what ? yeah , well , funny as in ha ha , though not like funny as in gay cuz ... I be not ... play high school football . she chuckle . dolly and duffy fume . 10 . dolly look , with all due respect , agent Bloom ... eunice special . dolly Excuse I ? eunice you see there 's a " special " before my " agent . " if we be go to address each other formally , I would prefer if you pop it in there . make I feel , I do not know ... special . of course , I would hope we could be a little more personable . in fact , I would like you to call I Eunice . the cop be dumbfounded . duffy snap out of it . duffy o'kay , Eunice . I do not see why the fuck the fed be ... eunice whoa , whoa , " fuck ? " this be not a " fuck " situation , be it ? I can see a " God damn " or two but why skip all the way to " fuck " right off the bat ? let 's start slow and work we way up to it . duffy what be the fed 's interest in this ? the detective harden , brick wall . Eunice furrow she brow . eunice they interest , detective , be capture the man responsible for the murder of 22 of Boston 's finest criminal . y'see public perception be that this boy step in , do we job for we and then disappear into thin air as we fecklessly searched for they . the FBI tend to take exception to such thing . they coulda send anyone . they send I . why do you think that be ? ( beat ) well , since we have break the " fuck barrier , " allow I to be blunt . ( more ) 11 . eunice ( cont 'd ) it be because I be so fuck smart that I make smart people feel like retard . now , we seem to be get off on the wrong foot here . I would appreciate a bit of cooperation . let 's chalk it up to pay respect to the memory of a dearly depart mutual friend . a man who teach I everything I know . after a moment of consideration , the cop concede with nod . eunice ( cont 'd ) Lovely . ( be : crowd ) now what 's with the circus ? duffy the victim be kill late last night . when people gather for morning mass , they find the front entrance chain and padlock . a locksmith come out , cut the chain and surprise , surprise . cell phone . half of they call the cop . half of they call the media . but regardless ... word 's out . Eunice turn and look over the crowd . eunice and it look like that 's just the way somebody want it . what say we scrape the shit off this cow 's ass , fella ? detective greenly ? escort a lady onto the crime scene ? greenly what ? no , yeah , no . of course . greenly escort she as dolly and duffy walk behind , mystify . greenly ( cont 'd ) do you want a cup of coffee or something ? eunice never touch the stuff . int . vestibule -- moment later Eunice stand , look down the aisle at the altar . behind she , the detective be curio as Eunice slide on pink latex glove . 12 . she put in ear plug and all ambient sound cease . she start slowly down the aisle ... total silence as ... Eunice inspect the smashed door of a confessional booth . she look over the body closely then turn from the altar and walk to the detective . she pull she earplug and all sound return . eunice it be not they ... but I be sure you boy already know that . the detective nod . duffy the two " v's . " the victim and venue do not add up . eunice let 's go with the venue first . we perpetrator be devout . they would never commit such a act on sacred ground . and as for the victim ? dolly all they vic be criminal . clearly not the case here . so , it be not they which mean this be a local matter and it fall under we jurisdiction . no need for Federal involvement so with all due respect ... we will see you later , special agent Bloom . Eunice stand right in front of dolly . eunice man , I hate it when people say that . " with all due respect . " because it be inevitably follow by a disrespectful remark . I will give you a example . with all due respect , detective , this matter fall under whatever jurisdiction I fuckin ' say it do . dolly fume . duffy and greenly share a " oh shit " look . duffy uh , so ... let 's just ... what can you tell we about the shooter ? 13 . eunice shoo-ter. singular . and I can tell you that he be leave hand and how shall I put this delicately ...? he 's a short bastard . dolly ( facetious ) one guy , lefty , short . get it . Eunice furrow she brow . eunice I will show you what I be talk about . int . church , altar -- moment later Close up on greenly 's enrapture face . we pull back and see he be on he knee before Eunice and stare longingly between she leg . eunice detective greenly , you be the victim . greenly David . you can call I David . eunice very well , David . duffy and dolly stand behind greenly , chest to chest , each mimick gun to the back of the kneel cop 's head . eunice ( cont 'd ) the Saints ' signature stance . copley Plaza Hotel four year ago . two man of identical height put yuri petrova on he knee and each drop iron to the back of he head . this be torture for greenly and he turn he head from Eunice 's crotch . she immediately adjust he back into place . eunice ( cont 'd ) eye front , David . the position of the victim and the angle produce by the killer ' stance create a unique scenario . the bullet criss cross in the skull and exite the eye socket . here , this do not occur . the round move on a straight trajectory through the back of the victim 's head and out the front . which happen when ... 14 . Eunice circle around , positioning herself between dolly and duffy . she aim both hand to the back of greenly 's head . duffy ... one guy 's hold two gun to the back of you head . eunice one guy . int . flashback , church -- night before Crew cut hold two gun to the back of the plead priest 's head . he fire and mckinney fall . Crew cut step forward and we see he face in the light . pierce , ice blue , sociopathic eye . whip pan ! int . back to present , church -- moment later eunice now , the victim fall forward . if you please , David . greenly lay flat on he stomach . eunice ( cont 'd ) the killer approach the body from the leave side ... ( Eunice approach ) ... and flip he to the right . duffy Left hand . eunice yep , southpaw . int . flashback , church -- night before Crew cut flip the body , show little respect . he pull out two penny and look at they . he chuckle . whip pan ... int . back to present , church -- moment later dolly but you say he be wick short . eunice the Saints be later determine to be five foot eleven inch tall . it 's just dumb luck that the Russian and mckinney be the exact same height . Eunice kneel , put she pointer finger just below greenly eye . 15 . eunice ( cont 'd ) the round exite petrova 's eye ball . here they come out the lower cheek . she slide she finger to greenly 's lower cheek . he 's putty . eunice ( cont 'd ) Three , four inch below the eye . dolly that put he at five , seven-ish . that 's not uncommonly short . Eunice stand and point the a break down confessional booth door . eunice the killer pose as a late night confessor . once the victim enter the booth the killer have he isolate . no escape . short stuff exit he confessional and kick in the door of the priest 's chamber ... int . flashback , church -- night before Crew cut exit he confessional and kick in the priest 's door . he pull the terrify cleric out . Close on a gash in the door . eunice v.o. ... leave a crescent shape indentation which indicate that this cowboy be wear a boot with a pronounce heel . whip pan ! int . back to present , church -- moment later eunice gave he a couple inch . we be look at about five foot five , gentleman . greenly that 's wick short . eunice wick . ext . OPEN sea -- day we drift over open sea to a huge cargo freighter , the killian farris , plodd toward Northeast . 16 . int . ship' dry storage lock -- moment later connor and Murphy stack grain . a mexican seaman ( 23yr ) appear ... deck hand they be brawling in the hold ! better get you bet in now ! int . ship be hold -- moment later seamen cheer as a large , ruffian giant ( 33yr ) and a latino fight . David and goliath . meet romeo ( 3uyr ) , pony tail , shorn side and a perpetual smile . Romeo 's hand be chain behind he . Romeo bob , weave and fake , avoid many punch . the giant spew angry french all the while . the boy step up as money move and man bet . connor to the same mexican seaman in Spanish . connor why be he hand chain ? mexican seaman Romeo 's fast , man . he say the frenchman can not lay a hand on he . murphy but he can not hit he back . mexican seaman that 's the bet . he 's get to last five minute . murphy ( to connor , English ) this guy 's fuckin ' crazy . the brother whip out money and give it to the sailor . both fifty on the mexican . we track with the fight . tattooe across Romeo 's back , " LA raza . " nearby , french roughnecks # 1 and # 2 scream in they native tongue to the giant and he stop and rest . romeo you should never fight a mexican , frenchy . pound for pound , the toughest mother fucker on earth . know why ? we like pain . we like it , Pierre . I mean think about it , " tabasco sauce . " what kinda fuck up people would even invent that shit ? 17 . the giant swing but Romeo slide under he leg . cheer ! Romeo jump up , swinging he hand under he foot , still bound but in front of he now . romeo ( cont 'd ) do not be scared . remember , I can not hit you . I be not gonna hit ya. ( avoid blow ) ai not gonna hit ya . ai not gonna ... Romeo catch he opponent 's wrist and wrap he chain around . a kick in the stomach drop the giant to he knee . Romeo lock the man 's head between he leg , scissor hold . romeo ( cont 'd ) ooooo . found the loophole , bitch ! the giant fall . Romeo keep he wrist lock as he choke he out . romeo ( cont 'd ) aughtta be a lawyer ! get the ' fine print on y'ass ! pursuant to ! pro bono ! pari pasu ! I will knock you out on contingency , mother fucker . the giant pass out and Romeo stand to cheer . roughneck 's # 1 and # 2 fume as Romeo take a bow . the boy clap . int . hatchway -- moment later Romeo emerge from the head , chain still on . roughnecks # 1 and # 2 move down the hatchway toward he , wield metal pipe . he look at he chain . romeo oh , shit . FIRE ! FIRE ! the brother emerge from the shadow , cut they off . roughneck # 1 out of zee way ! the boy speak french . at first , the roughnecks be surprised but the argument escalate . the roughnecks swing they pipe and in a brutal display , the boy dispatch they quickly , leave one unconscious and the other gasp for air . the boy turn ... romeo whoa ! uh , merci , uh , si vous plait . murphy just protectin ' we investment . ya make we fifty buck . 18 . romeo oh , thank , god. irish , huh ? finally some class . I be Romeo . connor ( shaking hand ) connor . murphy Murphy . why be you yellin ' " fire " ? romeo I hear you be suppose to on t.v. connor that 's if you be gettin ' rape . romeo oh ... I would be more inclined to go with something like , " that doesn't go there , man ! " they laugh as they move to the semi-conscious frenchman . low angle : look up at we trio , Romeo be in the middle . romeo ( cont 'd ) we save you entire fuck country in World War two ! gee ... thanks for the statue ! Romeo 's foot smashes to camera , black we out . int . vessel , berth -- night the boy slumber , side by side in hammock . we pull close on they . silence . they whisper in unison ... both quis praesumis profanus apud dominus ? ( subtitles ) who dare trespass in the house of God ? they eye pop open . int . berth -- later Murphy rig a needle to a ink pen . connor click on a hot plate . the boy listen intently to a tiny hand radio nearby . radio announcer v.o. people be still in shock as Father mckinney be a beloved local cleric . ( more ) 19 . radio announcer v.o. ( cont 'd ) his selfless contribution to the community too numerous to list . in related news , second generation crime boss , concezio yakavetta have not comment on whether he fear for he own safety . the boy flash with recognition . both yakavetta ? int . high CLASS home , dine room -- night Rich , italian decor , long table , laden with food . capo 1 - 6 sit in utter shock , look to they boss , concezio yakavetta ( 37yr ) who head the table . concezio so , there it be . I want everyone to feel free to share they thought . he return to eat . a moment of silence then the capo burst into anger . capo # 1 slam a fist down and stand , silencing the lot . capo # 1 I can not believe none of we be consult on this ! the disrespect ! we would have never okay would such a thing ! a priest ! it 's a infamita ! capo # 2 yeah ! be we not Catholic , for Christ fuck sake ?! capo # 3 and just for simple revenge ?! there 's no business in it ! you have put we all at risk here ! the cop could be all over we ! capo # 4 forget the cop ! what about this Saints fucker ?! this guy be long go ! and now you be try to bring the devil right back to we doorstep ?! concezio wipe he mouth , stand and adjust he cuff . he slowly circle the table as he speak . 20 . concezio six year ago , with the back of a ador public , this vigilante fuck put my father on he knee and execute he ... in public . mi patrigno , a blood relative and benefactor to all of you . poppa Joe make you rich and he murder remain un -revenge ... a few roll they eye at this verbal blunder . concezio ( cont 'd ) this too , be infamita . this homicidal maniac nearly wipe this family out . it 's take a lot of time to build ourselves up again , brick by brick . and now that we have re-acquiesced we original power , can we really afford to have this guy pop out of the woodwork someday and try to finish the job when we least expect it ? now , for that of you who have forget , let 's recap . this fucker walk into room full of gangster ... ( denote surroundings ) outnumber , outgun . they kill everyone ... and leave . some look as if they be start to get he point . concezio ( cont 'd ) you think I do not know that each one of you 's be waking up in night sweat over this the last couple year ? this son of bitch prison fuck we with no lube , wipe they dick on we drape and walk away ! and we be live in silent fear ever since . oh , we do not talk about it . rape victim often do not . but it 's there . know they be still out there , somewhere . think ... what if ? fear and realization . capo # 4 concezio be right . pretend you do not get a problem do not solve nothing . head nod in shameful agreement . 21 . concezio thank you , Doctor phil . so , let 's take a moment to look at the serendiplious , diperous , serendip ... ( frustration ) ... type situation we find ourselves in here . there 's a good chance they will show . no catch we with we pants down this time . we can deal with they proactivitously . the cop be embarrassed by this guy too . with a second bite at the apple , they get every reason in the world to crank up the heat . and as for they dote public . I would imagine they be gonna lose a few fan . head nod all around . sold . int . berth -- later Murphy sit , bare chest on a crate . with the rig pen , he tattoo he brother 's back . connor cook something , in a pot , on the hot plate . the resin of anger be evident . tattoos : Murphy 's back have the crucify foot of Christ and connor 's show Christ 's downcast head on the cross . connor the prodigal son , huh ? he want we , he 's fuckin ' get we . murphy but why would he do something so public ? connor think about it . people figure we do it . make it more likely someone will drop a dime . Way easier to get to we in prison , be not it , now . the berth door be slightly ajar . in pop a bottle of whiskey , then Romeo 's head . he 's expect a cheer but the brother have they back to he . he 's instantly take by they ink . murphy but how would anyone recognize we ? connor you do not remember that sketches on the news channel ? 22 . murphy shit . that 's right . y'know , every time they show that composite on tv and then they catch the guy , it look nothin ' like he . but ours ? connor just we luck . we get Leonardo fuckin' divinci as a sketch artist . Romeo listen with suspicion . murphy maybe we should dye we hair . connor what ? murphy yeah . this guy be always dyin ' they hair . you know , like in " the fugitive . " it 's covert and shit . connor smirk privately . connor what color would you dye it ? murphy I do not know ... lighter , I guess . connor y'mean ... blonde ? murphy I do not say that ! connor California , surfer boy , gay , gay blonde ?! murphy I be warnin ' ya ! connor just keep you hand off my ass back there and , " stay gold , pony Boy . " connor laugh heartily . murphy fuck you ! 23 . Murphy stab the ink pen into he brother 's shoulder . connor aaaaah ! connor bolt up , knock over the pot . hot water and penny spread across the floor . connor pull the pen out . connor ( cont 'd ) you motherfucker ! Romeo step inside and see the penny . murphy serve ya right ! the boy be just about to fight when ... romeo oh , shit . the brother snap they head toward . a stunne Romeo point to they , then the penny . romeo ( cont 'd ) I know who you be . you guy be the fuckin ' .... murphy shut it ! Murphy move behind Romeo , shut the door and shove he in . romeo oh , this be so fuck cool , man . I be from Boston . I love you guy . shit , everybody do ! I mean , holy fuck shit ! maybe I could get in on this , you know ? bring some La raza to this thing . spice it up a little . hey , be it true you guy say a prayer before you grease somebody ? connor pull a gun . the boy jump on Romeo and pin he to the floor . Murphy clasp a hand over Romeo 's mouth . connor put the gun to Romeo 's head . they face glaze over , religious ecstasy ... connor and a awesome wail be hear throughout heaven ... Romeo 's eye go wide and muffle cry of terror be hear . 24 . murphy ... as the terrible hand of the Lord strike upon the earth . connor and as almighty God create you ... he now calleth you home . he pull the trigger - " click . " connor ( cont 'd ) ooops . busy signal . we will hafta calleth back . murphy let 's have a shot while we be waitin' . the boy laugh , snatch the bottle . Romeo be in shock . romeo that shit be not funny , man ! the brother laugh harder . Romeo roll on he side and slide a hand down the back of he pants . he seem relieved . romeo ( cont 'd ) oh , thank you , Jesus . think I grease my drawer . int . berth -- later the boy and Romeo smoke and pass the bottle around . connor no . romeo but I get conex all over bean town . Romeo will hook you up like a tow truck ! murphy no . romeo why not ?! murphy we do not hafta give you reason . forget it . romeo it 's because I be mexican , be not it ! 25 . connor how dare you , sir , insinuate such a thing ? the fact that you be a greasy spic 's get nothin ' to do with it . the boy laugh . romeo I be gonna let you have that one . look . I can do this . it 's not rocket science . you two find bad guy do bad shit and you kill they , right ? connor it 's not that simple . murphy yes it be . connor s'pose you be right . I would sorta hope we be a little more artistic than that . romeo well , you be not . can not you guy see it ? this shit 's fate , man . like preordain type shit . mea fuck culpa ! why do you think you just happen to be in that hatchway today ? murphy oh , do not start gettin ' all super fuckin ' natural on we . we see that guy goin ' in there ! romeo ah , ha ! that 's what you say . I say it 's because jeeeeesus want it that way ! connor oh , no . romeo Fine . then what exactly do you intend to do when you hit U.S. soil ? connor we will go after all yakavetta 's people and operation till we get to the man himself . murphy yeah , work we way up the food chain . 26 . the brother seem pleased with themselves . romeo so , what 's you first gig ? what 's the first thing you gonna do ? the boy look to one another . they be stump . connor well , I do not suppose we have a succinct plan , y'know , per se . murphy yeah . it 's not fully develop yet , y'know , as it be . a slow smile split Romeo 's face . romeo you two need to chill in the green room , sip on some pellegrinos and let you manager handle the detail . and you better get my cub scout badge ready . cuz if you want to kick yakavetta in the nut , let he know you be in town ... Romeo 's get a ace in the hole for you . int . / ext . news footage , man on the STREET interview hot dog vendor this guy have go " mad dog " here . they need to be put down . cab driver I think it 's disgusting . I wish they would have stay go . pedestrian I do not believe it for a second ! no bleep - in way the Saints do it ! int . boston p.d. , war room -- morning the chief ( 50' ) sit , arm fold . the detective be present . Eunice stand before a wall adorn with crime scene photo , report , concezio and he capo . eunice and that 's all she write . everything point in the same direction . she tap yakavetta 's picture on the wall . 27 . chief why would yakavetta want they back here ? him of all people . duffy to have they execute . revenge . oldest motive in the book . greenly the Saints kill he daddy six year ago , right ? he be inside when that happen do a nickel for extortion . dolly yeah . from inside he could only do so much . since he get out nine month ago , the yakavetta 's have regain they original strength . look like they clear all they open account . the Chief rub he chin . chief well ... it 's a theory . eunice more than just a theory , Chief . she nod to duffy . duffy c.i. 's come back . cold hit all around . concezio yakavetta and he six capo regime , all blood relative , have disappear . chief so ? greenly so , it fit . he 's go to the mattress with he top brass . he 's protect they till this be over . eunice and word 's be put to all he lieutenant that the Saints be to be take out , on sight . dolly that mean he resource on the street be batten down the hatches , wait for they to show . 28 . chief look , I be stone walling the media on this thing but the Mayor 's be riding I like a rent mule here . I get half of New England think the Saints whacked a priest and the other half think they innocent . its a powder keg . I be talk riot gear at celtic game , here . I could clear they of this murder , take the piss right out of this thing , keep the peace in the commonwealth . gimme one good reason why I should not go public right now . eunice walk with I , Chief . let 's talk . he stand and she take he arm as they exit . duffy quietly close the door and turn . hushed tone ... duffy this be not good . she 's gun for the boy hard . dolly this brawd , try to put a feather in she cap be gonna get we lock up . duffy just calm down . greenly and you know they will send we to the hoag . we put half that derange sex freak in there . I hope you guy like cock sandwich . cuz we will be eat they for breakfast , lunch and dinner ! int . precinct hall -- same time the Chief and Eunice walk down the hall . eunice I understand you get a job to do , Chief . but if yakavetta even sniff that we be onto he , he put a bullet in napoleon 's head , plant he at the bottom of the ocean and walk . this pint size killer be the only thing that put yakavetta right in the middle of this . it be imperative that we find this man . 29 . the Chief look as if he be sell . int . war room -- moment later in hushed tone . duffy we need to figure what we be gonna do when the boy show and start doin ' what they do best . cuz that 's when the shit 's really gonna hit the fan . dolly that 's another thing . everyone 's assume that they be go to come back . I mean , we get no way of know that for sure . greenly ( ray of hope ) yeah . that could totally happen . they could not come back . duffy what dream world do you two just slip into ?! they argue . duffy snap a photo of the dead priest from the wall . duffy ( cont 'd ) Point blank ! we know the boy . be there any part of you that think they be be just go to let this slide ? believe this . they be either on they way ... or they be already here . ext . boston , dock , parking lot -- night close on : connor , Murphy and Romeo peak over a concrete wall . Three set of eye . we trio be atop a dumpster , peak over at the load dock . chinese gangster supervise unload of crate onto a flatbe . romeo it 's be all over the papers the last two year . yakavetta 's in bed with the chinese . they be use international shipping route to smuggle it in . this be Little yaka 's shit . connor and Murphy smile . 30 . connor let 's follow them down the rabbit hole , Alice . Murphy clap Romeo on the shoulder . murphy you just score a few point , Rome . romeo well , dust off my " member only " jacket . ( pull set of key ) cuz the kid have also supply the ride ! int . car -- later Murphy look displease . we hear a stress motor . Romeo drive , Murphy sit shotgun . connor be in back , load gun . pull back to reveal we trio ride in a ' 68 vw bug . it be green with patch of bondo , expose engine , low - pro rim , neon runner board light - a low riding " work in progress . " murphy I think you say you car be inconspicuous . romeo I do not like word that get ' spic ' right in the middle . besides , it be ... where I live . murphy where 's that ? pimpville ? romeo hey ! I hail from a colorful people . besides , you would not know style if it pitch a tent in you ass ! ( look into rear view ) what do you think of the ride , conman ? connor the only way I could be more embarrassed right now be if I be ridin ' a mope . murphy yeah ... while fuckin ' a fat girl . connor yeah ...rollin ' through the gym at my high school reunion . 31 . romeo all right ! I get the fuck point ! int . warehouse -- later chinese gangster # 1 - #5 , shovel mound of coffee grounds out of crate and pull kilo of white powder . machinery noise in b.g . ext . warehouse -- same time close on : Three set of eye peak over oil drum . we trio watch as a dock worker ( 22yr ) drive a forklift , unload the crate from the flatbe and drive they through the huge open bay door . the boy and Romeo huddle up . connor o'kay , here 's the plan . ext . " the plan , " warehouse -- night the " Queen " classic , another one bite the Dust , preside over this fantasy sequence . the boy , look more " quaffed , " do a pointless slow motion walk toward the forklift , throw up they collar . Romeo , also look polished , execute a " Dan Tana " pistol whipping on the dock Worker who perfectly out of frame . inside warehouse : the lift pull to a stop before the gangster , crate on the fork . Romeo be behind the wheel . slo - mo : connor and Murphy pop from the crate and fire on they asian foe , hit each squarely in the chest . slo -mo : the boy leap down and light cig as Romeo do the " one arm action star hang " off the side of the lift in b.g. whip pan ... ext . warehouse -- moment later connor we skin out , go to Doc 's for a shot of irish . we be home in time for taco . Murphy look unsure . connor turn to he brother . connor ( cont 'd ) what ? murphy well , it 's ...uh ... you know , it 's ... 32 . romeo it 's genius . I can even drive a F - lift , man . get my class " D " license and everything . connor now , that 's the spirit . romeo I need a gun . connor and murphy forget it . romeo what the fuck ? I be in on this shit , man ! I be work here ! the boy look to each other . Murphy shrug . relenting , connor pull a metallic object and shove it in Romeo 's hand . connor you can consider yourself a fuckin ' pledge until we say different . Romeo hold up the gun in displeasure , a tiny .22 caliber lady 's purse pistol . Murphy snicker . romeo can I consider myself you girlfriend , too ? connor that 's what you get . be there a problem ? romeo ( beat , fume ) it 's fine . connor scope the warehouse . Murphy clap Romeo on the shoulder . murphy do not worry , Rome . shit like this build character . romeo yeah , the character of a little bitch . murphy now , that 's just unprofessional . he turn and join he brother as Romeo continue sulk . 33. murphy ( cont 'd ) what do we think ? connor I think yakavetta murder a good man just to send we a message . murphy well ... let 's send he one back . as they spirit themselves off . dissolve to ... int . warehouse -- later crime scene : crime scene worker toil . we do not see specifics of the scene , just enough to see the place be trash and the body . greenly prowl the scene with he ipod play . his musical choice be the 80' nightranger standby , " motor . " he riff on air guitar while assess . dolly and duffy look on ... dolly ( be : greenly ) why ? duffy I do not know . ext . warehouse -- same time Eunice walk toward the crime scene with the chief ( 50' ) . chief you boss , John kuntsler call . tell I you get a problem with authority . eunice absolute horse pucky , Chief . unfortunately , authority 's develop a problem with I . chief and what 's that ? they enter the ... int . warehouse -- continuous eunice well , y'see , I be currently in possession of a vagina . 34 . chief oh , jeez , that 's not ... eunice so you speak to kuntsler . anything else . they reach the detective . greenly , still rockin ' , do not notice . chief if it 's confirm that the Saints be back and too many body start show up with pocket change ... ( be : he eye ) ...he 's gonna pull you and step in . eunice message deliver , Chief . chief listen . I will fend he off . just work fast . she smile and nod . greenly remove he ear piece . greenly it 's not they . int . warehouse -- later Eunice as she kneel at a body . she stand and pull she ear plug . eunice it 's they . greenly look emasculate . dolly and duffy smirk at he . Eunice stand and prowl the scene , intense , intrigue , in she own world ... eunice ( cont 'd ) a wise man once tell I . where a man 's action be firmly bound to a unshakable faith one 's worst nightmare become sudden , terrifying reality . penny in eye . hand cross on body . eunice ( cont 'd ) y'can almost smell the brimstone , can n'tcha ? dolly what do you think happen here ? 35 . eunice oh , this be a plan that fall to piece . a lot here do not make sense which be why it make perfect sense . I believe thing in we fair little city just get downright biblical . ext . flashback , warehouse -- earlier on the flatbe , the brother shovel coffee out of the final crate which rest on the fork of the lift . below they stand the dock Worker hold he bleed head . Romeo cover he with he 22 . dock worker you do not have to bash I in the skull . romeo sorry , man . we get a plan go , here . technically , I be suppose to knock you out . dock worker Christ ! you get a gun . you could have just point it at I and say scram ! connor point he gun at the dock Worker . connor scram ! dock worker you get it ! he run off . Romeo turn up to they . romeo so , let 's not let this one , small incident get in the way of ... connor shut up and get behind the fuckin' wheel ! Romeo hop into the driver 's seat . murphy well , at least the plan be off to a win start . connor go fuck y'rself . 36 . they pull wrap white kilo . connor dip in a finger and taste . connor ( cont 'd ) it 's heroin . murphy how the fuck would you know ? connor fuck you . I know shit . int . warehouse -- moment later Romeo 's wing it , jerky move , grind gear as the forklift stagger across the mammoth warehouse toward the gangster at the oppose end . the crate block Romeo from view . he 's drive blind as the rickety crate jiggle on the fork . inside crate : connor and Murphy be sardine , back to back . murphy Jesus ! what the fuck 's he doin ' ?! connor he can not see where he 's goin ' ! Murphy peak through a crack . murphy shit ! tell he to go leave , now ! connor put he mouth to a knot hole . connor go leave ! go leave ! romeo what ?! connor stick he finger out the hole and point . Romeo wrench the wheel and they narrowly avoid machinery . the crate rock ... murphy I can not fuckin ' believe I let you talk I into this ! this be a stupid plan ! connor I do not notice you throwin ' out any idea , ya creative asshole ! murphy fuck you ! 37 . the boy start elbow each other in a close quarter scrap while hurl obscenity . romeo hey ! what 's goin ' on in there ?! inside crate : Murphy suddenly stop , eye wide as he look through the crack . they be head for a " mechanic 's well . " a long , rectangular cement hole in the floor six foot deep . murphy Jesus Christ ! tell he to stop ! connor slam he mouth to the knot hole . connor brake ! brake ! brake ! a few of the chinese turn as Romeo slam on the brake , screeching to a halt just before the well . the crate slide right off and fall in , disappear from sight . crash ! a large cloud of coffee dust plume . a wide eye Romeo be expose . the asian gangster stare in shock . hard techno music ! suddenly , Romeo whip it in reverse , crank the wheel gun it and navigate the well . speed toward the gangster . mechanic' well : ( slo - mo ) the brother burst from the debris , cover in coffee grounds and white powder . they draw they weapon and walk toward the ramp at the well 's oppose end . the chinese pull and start fire . Romeo dive off and roll behind some machine . the lift continue on target . the brother emerge and tear right in , fire at the gangster . Romeo fire he useless 22 . in the ensue fire fight the brother kill all but chinese gangster # 3 . the forklift crash through the table with the stack heroin . slo -mo : the brother slam the final gangster to he knee and level to the back of he head and recite the follow in synchronicity ... brother and shepherd we shall be , for thee , my Lord , for thee . power hath descend forth from thy hand , that we foot may swiftly carry out thy command . so , we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with soul shall it ever be . ( more ) 38 . brother ( cont 'd ) in nomine patris , et filii , et spiritus sancti . pop ! pop ! they kill he . dip to black ... int . warehouse -- moment later haunting music . Black and White film as connor and Murphy take great care in ritualize the body . they place penny in eye and cross hand over chest . whip pan ... ext . back to present , warehouse -- night body be wheeled out in the b.g. as dolly and greenly talk privately with Eunice . dolly just get a call from my best snitch . never steer I wrong . he say its this guy . ( hand Eunice mug ) " gorgeous " George tuffano . he 's trust bruglione to yakavetta but not blood . he 's be leave control of the street . he 's run all of it . Eunice look over the mug shot . greenly they call he " gorgeous " cuz he like he silk suit and jewelry . he 's even get the ' out of season ' fake bake go on , a real peacock , this guy . eunice yeah , I hear of this rodeo clown . duffy approach , hand Eunice a tiny bullet in a baggy . duffy ballistics just dig it out . they all look perplex . eunice a twenty two ? you gotta be kid I . that 's like bring a knife to a gunfight . greenly yeah , or like bring a really small gun ... to a gunfight . they all blank stare greenly for a moment . move on . 39 . duffy I do not know . ballistics be read three shooter . this be one of they . eunice well , I be have a hard time believe that one of the three most lethal individual on the planet just switch over to bird shot . dolly maybe we be read it wrong . the priest be a frame job , right ? duffy yeah , maybe somebody 's try to eliminate some competition here . Eunice consider this . the detective seem hopeful . eunice no , sir . it 's they . but we just might have ourselves a change in the line up , here . the detective all look at one another nervously . greenly Fine , they be back . what 's the plan ? eunice Hell , we have just be call up to the big show . we be tracking multiple perpetrator , gentleman . the plan ? we keep we ear to the ground and try to figure out where yakavetta 's hide . napoleon . we find he and flip he . and as for the Saints ... I be gonna have I a face to face with this boy one way or the other . she walk off . the cop look terrify . dolly Holy ...fuck ... shit . int . greenhouse -- night we see the hand of a old man ( 70 ) as he mist flower in this lush environment . he amble to a shop table , wear a metal leg brace , circa 1950 's and a corrective shoe , Polio . we do not see he face . 40 . close on : small black and white tv on table . break news . live from the crime scene ... reporter # 3 Law enforcement have confirm the Saints be back ! this give way to ... int . / ext . news footage the Saints pencil composite be show . from the studio ... reporter # 1 v.o . it 's confirm . the five drug trafficker all involved in the heroin trade be victim of the Saints . static ! chanel change ! body be wheeled out ... reporter # 2 v.o. ... several have close tie to the yakavetta crime family , confirm the long suspect merger of the chinese triad and the mafia . ext . alley -- later close on : a metal door open revealing doc ( 60' ) . doc boy ! the brother and Doc hug and greet as he usher they in with Romeo in tow . the bar be close , empty . doc ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Mary and Joseph ! I see da nuh , nuh , news channel . be ya boy all right ?! connor sound as a irish pound , Doc . murphy be it too late for a shot ? doc oh , the Lord tell I you would be comin ! he say , " Doc , they be comin " and I be to get everting ready . so I do . everting 's ruh , ruh , ruh , it 's all set . 41 . romeo uh , hem ! murphy oh , this be we mexican . doc ( shaking hand ) how be ya , lad ? they call I ... fuck !... ass ! romeo Nice to meet you , fuck ass , I be Romeo . int . upstair store room -- moment later Doc turn on the light and they all enter . there be a far more ornate and ancient bar up here : gothic pool table , dusty box , cot set up , blanket , towel , hot -plate etc . the brother Holy shit . doc the place use to be a old speak easy in the forty . I only use it for storage , now . Murphy be already open a bottle of irish . romeo this be so fuck cool . doc nobody even know it 's up here . you will be safe . ( point ) you can get in and out the fu-fu-fire escape . romeo you know what this be ? this be we hide out , man ! we get a hide out ! connor what be you , fuck five year old ? murphy hey , Rome , we get sheet and broomstick . you could build yourself a fort . 42 . romeo fuck the both of you ! int . " hide out party montage " -- night festive music . a brisket boil on the hot-plate . Romeo and the boy drink and relate the evening 's antic to doc. dissolve to ... later , they all enjoy a impromptu dinner on the pool table . the eat do not slow they banter and laughter . dissolve to ... later , music fade . silence as connor and Doc stare each other down across the pool table . neither flinch . Murphy and Romeo watch with intrigue as Doc stiffles he urge to pop off . doc ( concentration ) not this time , ya little shit . connor we will see , old man . a moment pass and Doc be literally shaking . connor ( cont 'd ) would somebody please come over here and ... doc fuck ! connor ... I up the ... doc ass ! the boy and Romeo burst into hysterics . Doc rage . ext . / int . " bella sante salon " -- morning Eunice enter the swanky salon and move across the lobby . int . massage room -- moment later " gorgeous " GEORGE ( 47yr ) be face down as a female masseuse work he back , incense , mood music . Eunice silently slide in flash she badge , a finger to she purse lip . uneasy , the woman continue she work as Eunice lotion she hand . she covertly replace the masseuse and motion she out of the room . Eunice dig in as the fatte mobster moan with pleasure . 43. GEORGE oh , yeah . someone 's be eat they wheaty . yeah , get after it , girl . Eunice grab a large massage paddle with rubber finger . she whip George 's towel off , wind up and smack he on he bare ass , hard !! GEORGE ( cont 'd ) aaaaah ! George involuntarily jerk and roll off the table . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what the fuck !? he bolt to he foot . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you fuck bitch ! he round the massage table , arm outstretch . Eunice draw she side arm and stick it in he face , halting he dead . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , whoa . eunice what do you just call I ? GEORGE who be you ? eunice why , I be a lady , George . that fact alone demand a certain amount of ... ( cock hammer back ) ... cordiality . GEORGE I be , I be sorry I call you that . eunice well , how courteous of you to apologize . courtesy be so important . do not you agree ? GEORGE y , yeah ... I be with that . eunice good . now sit you fat ass down . 44 . George sit . Eunice reholster , wiggle she skirt straight and sit on the massage table . George look at she leg as she slowly cross they . trepidation as he cover he genitals . Eunice smile as she flash she FBI credential . George relax . eunice ( cont 'd ) ( with intent ) where be ... concezio yakavetta ? GEORGE I do not know . eunice yeah . there 's a lot of stuff you do not know , hoss . for instance , why be not you safely tuck away in some ivory tower with all the other big wig , suck on cannoli and shrimp cocktail ? why be you the one he leave on the street , George ? GEORGE someone 's gotta run we legitimate business . someone 's gotta make sure that ... eunice someone 's gotta chum the water . GEORGE that 's bullshit and I be not say another fuck word to you . eunice good . then you can just listen . the jig be up . we know concezio have that priest kill . George snap he head to Eunice in shock , then recover . eunice ( cont 'd ) oh , surprise , surprise . another thing you do not know , I reckon . but why would he tell you ? you and you guy on the street , you be he bait . y'all just get throw into a meat grinder . Eunice go to leave but stop and turn back . eunice ( cont 'd ) gorgeous George , huh ? expendable George be more like it . ( beat ) ( more ) 45 . eunice ( cont 'd ) by the by , you get a pretty nice ass for a fat man . ext . establishing shot , " EL cava " restaurant -- day a mexican joint , tuck away down by the dock . romeo v.o. you wanna find something in Boston that do not wanna be find you go to the Oracle , ese . my uncle Cesar be hook up with the Underground . int . restaurant -- same time the boy , Romeo and uncle cesar ( 58yr ) sit in a booth . Cesar be noble look , silver hair . silence as he look they over . cesar Word be , yakavetta 's gun for you boy hard . the whole city 's on edge . I even hear he post a reward like jesse James style and shit . any of he guy that take you out get he palm cross , two hundred and fifty grand . romeo whew . a quarter of a mill for we ? cesar we ? what the fuck be you talk about " we ? " they begin to argue in Spanish . romeo uncle , why do you have to disrespect I in front of they ?! cesar cool it , Mr. Big shot ! a year ago you be wash my pot and pan ! romeo well , I do not wash fuck pot anymore ! I be part of this , uncle ! cesar hey ! this be not my first bar - b- que ! now shut up and stop interrupt ! let I talk to they and I will figure out whether you in on this or in you own fuck fantasy world ! 46 . Romeo swallow he anger . Murphy speak Spanish . murphy he 's in . all the way in . Cesar look at Murphy surprised . in English . cesar be my nephew pull he weight ? connor nod while tapping he chest . connor mucho corazon . Cesar look to he nephew with a new find respect and touch he hand . Romeo be very affect by this . back to business . cesar gorgeous George be run the show for Little yaka . drug , prostitution , sharking , the whole cha cha . if anybody know where he be , it 's that fat fuck pedico . I will put it out on the wire . int . the GREEN machine -- later Romeo quietly weep as he drive . the brother be " highly aware " and give respectful silence . as Romeo sniffles we show slow motion remembrance of Cesar nodd and give Romeo a look of respect and then touch he nephew 's hand . back in the Green Machine - a excruciate amount of time pass . Murphy try to break the ice . murphy hey , uh , maybe we should ... connor shut up . Romeo 's cry . a moment of silence .... then all three burst into laughter . romeo you fuck asshole ! int . prudential build , luxury apartment -- day a sprawling high rise apartment , overlook Boston : buffet table , plasma screen , etc . the capo be take advantage of the amenity . concezio 's not here . capo # 5 - # 6 fill they plate ... 47 . capo # 5 that shipment of " h " be gonna square we book for six month . shit . capo # 6 we always bounce back . besides , look at the bright side . better the chink than we , right . capo # 5 I guess . like the boss say ... ( concezio impression ) " this be war . there 's gonna be casuwality . " they laugh . suddenly , George enter with a overnight bag . the capo be confuse . feign a capitol mood ... GEORGE oh ! like the Roman Empire in here ! where 's all the concubine and shit ? George laugh . nobody else do . he look at the food table . we pull close on shrimp cocktail and cannoli . a look of dread . capo # 3 George . what give , here ? GEORGE I need to see the boss , right away . capo # 4 Jimmy the gofer ! in hustle jimmy the gofer ( 20' ) , skinny , weak look . capo # 2 ( to Jimmy ) Il cortina . Jimmy draw back a large curtain , expose a steel panic room . next to the vault door , be a video screen which display the unamuse face of concezio . his voice boom over loudspeaker . concezio get over here ! GEORGE whoa ! George hustle over . he stand before the screen , confuse . 48 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) uh. hey , boss ! I just come by to ...! concezio push the talk button , numb nut . GEORGE oh. ( he do ) can you here I ? over . concezio I can hear you fine , smokey and the bandit . now , what the fuck be you do here ? GEORGE everything 's in motion . all we guy be gun for this Jesus freak . I figure , no need for I to be on the street no more . so , which room do I take , eh ? concezio you stupid motherfucker ! I tell you , you be on the street till this be over ! now get the fuck outta here ! a terrify George hustle for the door . concezio ( cont 'd ) and do not come back here till I tell you to , you fat fuck waste of space ! George trip over he luggage . the capo giggle . int . HOTEL room -- evening cheap , depress room . Crew cut , in he underwear , repair a break rosary chain with string and put it on . he pull a shoe box from a shopping bag . the brand be " hushes . " slogan : " measure up to you dream . " he put on one shoe . Crew cut stand before the mirror go up and down on the one shoed foot , note the height that have be add . the shoe have be cleverly construct to disguise the higher heel . ext . auto body -- evening we be out back , among scrap car . George talk with jo jo rhama ( 38yr ) . jo jo be build like a fire plug and clearly a hoodlum . 49 . jo jo a priest . the sick fuck . GEORGE and he leave all of we on the street hold the bag while he and he be live it up at the Taj fuckin ' majal , not a care in the world . jo jo so , until the Saints get pop , we be all lamb to slaughter ? GEORGE yeah ! and he do not care how many of we they wipe out in the meantime ! jo jo what do you need I to do , skipper ? GEORGE spread the word to all the bruglione . no bullshit . from you mouth to they ear . jo jo everyone ? North and South ? that could get a little dicey . GEORGE fuck they old grudge . all of they be in this , like it or not . tell they everything we discuss . jo jo even the panic room thing ? GEORGE sure . jo jo good . that 's a nice ice breaker . they will get a kick outta that . I do not even know that thing be real . I think they make that shit up for that movie ? with that brawd and that kid ? with that guy in that house ? GEORGE panic room ? 50 . jo jo naw , the other one . GEORGE stop fuckin ' around ! this be serious shit , here ! tell them we meet tomorrow night . I will call you with the location . ext . auto body -- moment later Pov of binocular as we see George exit the front of the auto body . int . HOTEL room -- same time Crew cut look through he binocular as he continue to bounce up and down on he special shoe . he smile at the site of George . int . boston police department , war room -- night a table laden with clip board , bag evidence , report , etc . Eunice find a baggy with a tiny wooden bead in it . greenly enter . greenly tap 's up and run on George 's cell . eunice ( hold up baggy ) what 's this ? greenly rosary bead . they find it push into the carpet near the victim . Father mckinney be not wear a rosary so it 's probably be there a while . duffy come in with a stack of papers . he heave it down . duffy the result on all 864 print find at the scene . all match churchgoer or clergy but one . the partial on the priest 's watch be still unidentified . Eunice look perplex . dolly enter , sip coffee . eunice that 's horse shit . everyone get print nowadays . they be inking up snotgobbler in kindergarten , now . 51 . dolly it 's a brick wall anyway . we know napoleon be wear glove . Lab get zilch off the chain and lock . the penny come up clean too . eunice ( frustrate ) I be gonna go powder my nose . greenly stare at she ass as she exit . greenly aw , man . daddy would knock that out like Mike tyson . Eunice suddenly re-enter the room with emergency . greenly ( cont 'd ) what ?! I do not say nothing ! Eunice be absorb a photo on the wall of the priest 's hand . eunice mckinney wear he watch on he leave hand . she turn and hold up the baggy . eunice ( cont 'd ) where be this find exactly ?! duffy go to a mock up of the victim 's body position on the wall . duffy right here , off he leave elbow . where be you go with this ? eunice dolly , get on the phone ! find out which wrist he wear he rosary on and if he be wear it that night ! duffy , run that partial through dmv ! David put it through interpol ! just get a i.d .! now ! come on ! vamoose ! they all dart out . with fire in she eye , she look closely at a picture of the priest 's wrist watch on the wall . eunice ( cont 'd ) you take you glove off , do n'tcha cowboy . now , why would you go and do a damn fool thang like that ? 52 . int . flashback , church -- night Crew cut finish ritualize the priest and look deeply at he victim . he remove a glove and place he tiny hand next to mckinney 's large one . Silent rage . bare hand , Crew cut snatch the priest 's rosary from about he wrist , break the bead chain . int . mausoleum -- morning the brother and Romeo walk through the mausoleum . they approach a grave slate with respect . the name read , " David della rocco . " there be a picture of he . Murphy narrow he eye and lean in . murphy what the ... do they use he mug shot ? connor what ? no . murphy you remember how he tell we he be embarrassed cuz the guy have to hold up all he long hair behind he head ? connor aye . murphy look at that . we see Murphy 's finger denote a bad " airbrush " job . murphy ( cont 'd ) that 's a arm . connor look close . connor oh ... that 's fuckin ' harsh . the boy look at one another , then bust out laugh . murphy y 'er one of a kind , roc. romeo so , be I as good as this guy , or what ? connor you , sir , be no David della rocco . a sound . instantly , the boy turn and level weapon . there stand roy ( 32yr ) thick glass , geeky . he drop he flower . 53. roy whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! Holy shit ! ( beat , recognition ) holy shit ! you be the Saints ! I be Roy , it 's a honor . huge fan ! the boy reholster and look to one another . disapproval . connor we be developin ' quite the cult follow in the old neighborhood . the boy continue to chat with Roy as Romeo answer he cell . romeo que pasa . it 's Cesar . cesar I get that info you want , mijo . int . tanning salon -- night the salon manager approach the back door with key in hand . cesar v.o . the place be tropical Tan on bunker Hill . it 's where the fat fuck juedo get he fake bake at . he 's get a secret appointment . once a week , never miss . eight o'clock , tonight . the manager let George slip in . he steel into a tanning room . a mexican towel boy have spy George . he pick up a phone ... int . mausoleum -- moment later Romeo snap he phone shut and turn to the boy . romeo we get he . roy ( be : Romeo ) who 's this , you new sidekick ? ( extend hand ) please to meet you . I be Roy . romeo how would you like I to sidekick you in the ass , Roy ? 54 . connor ( giggling ) let 's go . the three walk for the door , leave Roy behind . roy I , I do not mean to ... romeo I be sick of this shit ! I have be break my ball , here and I get second banana billing ! I ... murphy I , I , I . there be no " I " in team , ya selfish prick . romeo yeah ?! well , there 's a " I " in " fuck you ! ext . graveyard -- moment later moody music as we trio walk through the gravestone . int . " tropical tan , " tanning room -- night the brother and Romeo sneak up to the tanning bed . George sing a Sinatra tune as he fat stomach prop the cover up like a half open clamshell . suddenly , Murphy leap up and sit on the cover . George be be crush beneath he weight . connor kneel . connor Lovely voice . we would like ya to sing for we . what do ya say ? George struggle and nod . Murphy hop off . George spill out , hot pink speedo . on all four and breathe heavy ... GEORGE it 's get hard to be a fuck gentleman of leisure , here ! the boy pull weapon and throw he against the wall in a Jesus Christ pose , pin he hand with they gun . murphy we want the shooter you motherfucker use on that priest . GEORGE I do not know who it be . 55 . the boy cock back the hammer on they weapon . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it 's the truth ! concezio do not tell no one what he be do cuz he know nobody would have o' kay' it ! the shooter 's a independent contractor ! that 's all I know ! connor where 's yakavetta hidin' ? GEORGE the Prudential ! fortieth floor ! Jesus Christ ! a ringing phone be hear . Romeo pull George 's blackberry from nearby . he toss it to connor . text message , " where ? " connor you meeting someone tonight , George ? GEORGE yeah . the bruglione . murphy the what ? GEORGE yakavetta 's racket chief . Street guy . ( suddenly brighten ) you kind of guy . you could take a real bite outta crime here , huh ? I could help you . connor ( be : phone ) what 's this ? GEORGE nobody forget what you guy do to we last time . they be stay indoors . I give out the location a hour before . romeo my uncle 's place be close tonight . I get the key . murphy it 's down by the dock . Dead as a doornail at night . 56 . connor yeah . you could set off fourth of July firework in that place and nobody would hear . how 's mexican for you , George ? GEORGE no difference to I . I think I just shit my speedo , anyway . int . eunice's mercede -- night Eunice drive . her cell ring . she check the i.d. then ... eunice how do , David ? greenly be at he desk . alternate coverage . greenly hey , dmv come up dry on the partial . interpol 's still work it . should only be another couple of hour . eunice Lovely . anything else ? greenly yeah . nothing big . we just dumped a text message from George 's cell . just two word . " El cava . " it 's a mexican joint down by the dock . he send it to he enforcer , jo jo rhama . guess gangster gotta eat too , huh ? eunice I think I will drop in on they supper , see if I can shake they up a little . greenly you need a body guard ? eunice no thank you , Mike tyson . bye now . greenly bye . she hang up and we be leave with greenly . Red hand . greenly ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . 57 . int . " EL cava , " kitchen -- later Close up , three shot . George , look very uncomfortable , be flanke by the brother . he be position to covertly view the restaurant from the kitchen . we see northside bruglione # 1 - # 3 and southside bruglione # 1 and # 2 be at the bar . GEORGE just two more to go . uh ... you guy be gonna let I go , right ? murphy we will see , will not we . George grimace . look as if he will cry . GEORGE Jesus , this be some embarrassing shit . we see the three man from behind . George be still in he speedo , which now have a pronounce shit stain in back . int . EL cava , bar -- moment later Romeo , frazzle and in a busboy uniform , have get two blender of margaritas go . the bruglione mow through appetizer . northside do not interact with southside and there be a empty bar stool between they . n.s. bruglione # 1 slide Romeo a platter . n.s. bruglione # 1 yo , spicaroo . more nacho and mas salsa , capisce ? s.s. bruglione # 1 hey and I need a refill there , pepe ? romeo Si , muchachos . southside bruglione # 3 enter behind everyone . all suddenly turn , go for they gun . s.s. bruglione # 3 whoa ! easy ... Jesus . everyone calm . s.s. bruglione # 3 give a respectful nod to the northside guy but sit with he own . 58 . int . EL cava , kitchen -- moment later we do not see George just below frame as the boy be " work on he " in some way , put on finish touch . Romeo barrel in . romeo this dago be get antsy and I be get spicaroo would and pepe would . the kid 's about to go poncho fuck villa out there ! connor stick it out . waitin ' on one more . ext . parking lot -- moment later jo jo exit he cadillac and walk toward El cava . there be a " close for private function " sign on the door . int . jacked up suv , nearby -- same time Crew cut watch jo jo . he dial he cell . int . greenhouse -- moment later from behind we see the Old man gardening . he answer a ringing phone , nearby . we do not see he face . int . suv -- moment later the follow conversation be in italian . crew CUT he be not with they . old man be you certain ? crew CUT yes . it be only the son . they have a Spaniard with they . they will slaughter everyone . old man let they . if you kill the son ... the father will come . Crew cut develop a sinister smile . int . EL cava , kitchen -- moment later connor watch jo jo greet the other . he turn to Romeo who be angrily cooking up a storm . 59 . connor the gang 's all here . without miss a beat , Romeo slam the hot pan into a dish sink . he stand fume with he hand on he hip . romeo gimme my fuck bee bee gun . murphy naw . you have earn you stripe , Rome . Murphy throw he a .9 mm . Romeo smile . int . bar -- moment later jo jo so .... where 's gorgeous ? suddenly , George come roll out of the kitchen , unconscious and tie , face down , to a bus cart . there be write on he back . everyone pull they weapon and move toward . n.s. bruglione # 2 what the fuck be go on , here ? s.s. bruglione # 2 where 's that spic barkeep ? yo , pepe ! where you at ?! as the gangster achieve the cart , the brother creep over the bar in the b.g. bruglione look down on George , paint on he back ... s.s. bruglione # 3 " Erin go brah ? " what the hell do that mean ? connor and Murphy be stand 25 foot behind they . murphy it 's irish for " you be fuck . " hard core music as the bruglione turn in horror . everyone begin fire and we have slow motion gunplay to pulsate music . several be chew up as chest explode and they be blow into George on the cart , knock it over . George come to . Romeo appear and tear in , send several more crash into the salad bar . Murphy , while fire , dive back over the bar as bottle explode . connor rapid fire as he dive into a booth . 60 . the boy rise and lay out a second barrage , blast the rest into buffet table and a soda fountain . the music cut . romeo Viva La mejico , bitch ! George bolt up . the bus cart be still tie to he fat belly . GEORGE uh , I have see the light ! you guy have really turn I around on this ! I be like bear again and shit ! I swear ! murphy ( to connor ) what do ya think ? let he go ? connor slip one bullet in a revolver , spin the barrel and snap it shut . he point it to George 's forehead . George weep in earnest . connor we will let God decide if you get a second chance . he slowly cock the hammer back , pull trigger , " click . " connor ( cont 'd ) well , praise the Lord . the terrify ex - gangster stagger toward a exit while wriggle out of he bond . just as he touch the door . connor ( cont 'd ) George ? ( George turn ) all good boy go to heaven . George nod and exit . Romeo be confuse as we trio gather . connor toss the bullet he palm to Romeo and he nod . murphy now , that be , perhaps the finest example of spiritual guidance that I have ever have the good fortune to witness . connor well , thank you very much . mysterious way . mysterious way . slo - mo : suddenly , Eunice burst through the kitchen door and level she weapon at the brother and Romeo . Romeo level back . 61 . Eunice fire as the boy dive on Romeo . Crew cut be reveal behind we trio , fire from the shadow . Eunice and Crew cut exchange fire as the boy reload . Eunice hit Crew cut in the side . the assassin have a moment of outrage but persist fire as he make a hasty exit . in the confusion it be a few moment before anyone realize he be go . silence fall . presently , Romeo and the boy bolt up . Romeo go for the door and the boy level at Eunice . connor ( cont 'd ) Drop the gun ! Drop it ! she " place " she gun on a nearby table . eunice easy fella . I be alone . the boy be before she as Romeo return . romeo he 's go . connor who be ya ? eunice my name be Eunice Bloom ... and I be you new guardian angel . a torch be pass to I by a mutual friend , go but not forget . the boy reholster . she drop she arm . murphy we hear about smecker . he be a good man . connor aye . you have we condolence . eunice and you have mine . they shake . connor connor murphy Murphy . 62 . eunice very well ... connor , Murphy . the boy nod . Romeo point to the front door . romeo who the fuck be that guy ?! eunice that , I suspect , be the shooter you boy have be look for . the boy look at each other . frustration . anger . romeo Fucking ... what the fuck ?! who the fuck be this brawd ?! and what the fuck 's go on , here ?! eunice let 's speed this up before you new sidekick 's get to dig any deeper into he impressive vocabulary . the boy chuckle . romeo oh , no you do not . eunice I be a FBI agent who be control this investigation from within , in order to ensure that you gentleman never see the inside of a prison cell . I be conspire to do this with three like minded individual who have aid you in the past . though I have yet to inform they of my agenda because , well , girl 's gotta have she fun . murphy dolly , duffy and greenly ? eunice the very same . connor how be the lad ? eunice two of they be scared . one 's just horny . 63. murphy Bet 'cha I can guess which one . eunice Bet 'cha can but let 's save it for group . right now , we have a big problem . connor what 's that ? Eunice denote the body . eunice this ... simply will not do . we make a deal . the big fish step in if you body count get too high and ... ( be : carnage ) ... you have be very naughty boy . Rockin ' music overtake as we dissolve to ... int . EL cava -- later with Eunice direct they , the boy and Romeo restage the crime scene . with a squeegee they move pool of blood across the linoleum floor and re-position body . the boy wrap jo jo 's body in a tarp and put it in the Green Machine . Romeo create blood splatter with a turkey baster . Romeo and the brother place the gun they use in the hand of dead gangster as Eunice drop bullet casing in carefully choose spot . Romeo and the brother leave with the utensil use to rig the scene . the music fade , leave Eunice in the center of ... int . EL cava -- later silence . she remove she ear plug and the sound return . we be on a very different look scene . CSI , forensics , even dolly and duffy wait with bait breath . greenly be not present . eunice o'kay . here 's how it all go down . dolly and duffy open they notepad . int . flashback , EL cava -- never northside stand face off with the southside . all bruglione be freeze in place . Eunice saunter down the middle . cool music ... 64 . eunice a secret gather of the bruglione . the topic of discussion ? weak leadership and betrayal . n.s. bruglione # 1 yakavetta 's hide from this Jesus freak and make we look like pussy . s.s. bruglione # 1 and he 's hang all of we out to dry to boot . a pause as they size each other up . n.s. bruglione # 2 all right . I will be the first to say it . eunice the enemy of my enemy be my friend . so , even with all they old vendettas ... n.s. bruglione # 2 ... I say fuck the yakavettas . eunice and there it be . guess what come next . Eunice point to man as he move down the line . eunice ( cont 'd ) Red Rover . Red Rover . s.s. bruglione # 2 we be take over . eunice ah. easier uttere than accomplish . the North end and the South end may as well be the hetfield and the mccoy . this fella ... they just do not get on . all the bruglione yell over one another . n.s. bruglione # 3 fuck you ! the North end build that racket from the ground up ! 65 . s.s. bruglione # 3 South end 's be carry you fuck ass for year ! n.s. bruglione # 3 15 percent ?! in you dream , asshole ! s.s. bruglione # 3 whoa ! just go up to twenty , fuck stick ! s.s. brulione # 1 flash a gun in he waist band . s.s. bruglione # 1 you want some of this , you mutt ?! n.s. bruglione # 1 pull he weapon . n.s. bruglione # 1 let 's see what you get ! they all pull and level at one another . they freeze in place and all yell cease as Eunice walk down the middle . eunice oh , the cliche . a mexican stand off in a mexican restaurant . Eunice look deeply at all the man as she turn a slow circle . eunice ( cont 'd ) they cut each other to piece ... and nobody walk away . who know who fire first . could have be any one of they . but somebody let it loose . ( point to man ) and duck , duck , duck ... Eunice stand before s.s. brulione # 2. eunice ( cont 'd ) Goose . boom ! they all start shoot as Eunice stand in the crossfire unaffected . Men fall dead and we see the relevance of each thing Eunice do to doctor the scene . whip pan ... int . back to present , EL cava -- later eunice yakavetta 's lose control of the street . ( more ) 66 . eunice ( cont 'd ) they be fight over he throne . this be not the work of the Saints . head nod agreement . greenly enter and flash a file to Eunice . ext . EL cava -- moment later Press clamor for the story in the b.g. Eunice and the detective be in a private spot . greenly excitedly hand she the file . greenly interpol come through . Eunice open the file . picture of Crew cut . dolly and duffy read over she shoulder . greenly ( cont 'd ) you be right . five foot five . gotta be the shooter . Eunice smile and speak to Crew cut 's photo ... eunice be you ready for you fifteen minute , sweetheart ? greenly that be not all . short stuff 's work visa be sign by a sponsor that do not exist and look at the date . two month after nine eleven . eunice someone maneuver it through the system use false information during the high alert in U.S. history . dolly yakavetta 's just a gangster . he be not get the juice to pull that off . eunice you be darn tootin ' he do not . greenly INS red flagge it like a motherfucker . it 's a shit storm . eunice something stank like manure . the cop nod . Eunice turn and start to move away ... 67 . eunice ( cont 'd ) we get someplace to be ! let 's go ! int . mercede -- moment later Eunice drive . the detective look nervous . dolly what be this ? where be we go ? eunice it 's time to revisit the scene of the crime . ext . mcginty's pub -- later Eunice pull to a stop . at the sight of the place , the cop turn white as a ghost . all exit the vehicle and walk toward . greenly it 's after hour . I mean , if you want a drink then ... eunice 37 body later and we be finally back where it all begin . y'ever hear of the southern expression , " we have a elephant in the live room ? " she knock on the door . the cop be mortify . eunice ( cont 'd ) hope you fella bring some peanut . Doc open it and let they all into ... int . mcginty's -- continuous connor and Murphy be seat at the bar . they turn . the cop be dumbfounded . duffy turn to Eunice , mystify . duffy you know all along . connor what ? ya do not call . ya do not write . dolly actually drop to he knee in abject relief . greenly laugh and plant a kiss on Eunice 's cheek . Doc pour shot . Eunice smile as all she guy hug and make merry . dissolve to ... 68 . int . mcginty's -- later Doc smile from the bar as the group raise for a toast . murphy I be glad we get the band back together ... ( be : Romeo ) ... even though we new bass player 's kind of a retard . they all laugh , cheer and drink . conversation buzz all around . Eunice chat with the boy as she sip a cosmo . connor so , where would you learn to shoot like that ? eunice my daddy be a old six gun shooter . a real cowboy . murphy guess that make you a cowgirl , eh ? thanks . save we ass . eunice do not mention it . now , we have a little business to go over before you celebrate in earnest . she hand the interpol file to the brother . connor this be the guy ? eunice that 's the guy . he 's a sicilian immigrant , name of ottilio panza . murphy five , five ? he 's short bastard be not he ? eunice yes ... and well put . he will be front page news in the morning but we have to assume yakavetta already know we have id would he guy . we can not give he time to ' plan B ' we . 69 . murphy we be hittin ' he tomorrow night . dat soon enough ? everyone else cut they conversation and listen . eunice should be . where 's it gonna happen ? connor the pru. dolly the Prudential Building ? what be you , crack ? greenly why do not you just do it on center ice at a fuck bruin 's game ?! connor dat 's where the man be so that 's where we be goin ' . no gut no glory , Green bean . murphy in fact , we could use a few extra hand ... that be if you fella can still get yer irish on . greenly hey , I get ball for day , pally . I be a fuck sack -o- matic . they all chuckle . dolly and duffy we be in . eunice ( to all ) well , you boy have fun . connor , Murphy ? escort a lady to the door ? they each offer a arm and move she toward the door . connor y'sure you do not wanna hear the plan ? I be not tryin ' to brag or nothin ' but this one 's a real Picasso . murphy aw , Jesus . 70 . connor hey . eunice School night . get some homework to do . besides , I would like to critique you masterpiece with a fresh eye . she stop at the door and turn . her face show concern . murphy what be it ? eunice something be not right with this whole thing . panza know you be in there tonight and he just let it happen . do not lift a finger . I mean , if he 's work for yakavetta , why would he stand by and just watch all he guy get take out ? murphy that be ... interestin' . connor you think maybe we get another fox in the hen house here ? eunice start to look that way . somebody push that visa through . could have ourselves a gen-u-ine ' ghost in the darkness , ' here . int . greenhouse -- later Crew cut lie on the shop table . he 's lose a lot of blood and be in shock . use gardening utensil , the Old man remove the bullet . we see he face for the first time . unremarkable . in italian ... crew CUT they still live ... what if he do not come ? what if ... old man shhhhh . he will come . int . basement -- night the irish gun dealer ( 30' ) from the first film lead the brother and Romeo through a basement to a large , steel vault door . 71 . gun dealer expanded my operation , since I see ya last . Word get out who may or may not have outfit ya . turn out ya get quite the underground followin ' . he swing the vault open . Romeo and the boy stand in angelic light at the gate of Heaven . cheesy music as they enter ... int . vault -- continuous expanded indeed . gleaming weapon everywhere . sheer awe . something catch Romeo 's eye and he move off . to boy ... gun dealer please , gentleman . preferred customer select from my private reserve . he withdraw two mahogany box . gun dealer ( cont 'd ) if I may make a suggestion . he lift the lid . in each box be a pair of Desert Eagle .50 cal " Black out " . the triangular barrel have be fitte with match triangular silencer . the boy be mystify . murphy I feel like that kid who find the gold ticket in the candy bar in " willy wonka and the chocolate Factory . " gun dealer Charlie . connor yeah ... Charlie . ( pick up gun ) and I want a oompa loompa now , daddy , now . he pull a few duffel bag . gun dealer full accessory package . I be sure you will find they useful . Romeo suddenly appear and slap down a metal box . romeo I will take this . the boy look to he . he sniffles . Red eye . 72 . murphy have you be cry again ? Romeo snap to he , eye wide in challenge . romeo yeah ! tear of joy ! ( to Dealer ) how much ? gun dealer you guy be on the house . murphy ( to Romeo ) let 's see . Romeo withdraw two gold plate .45 's , intricately engrave , pearl handle with a mexican flag . the boy snicker . romeo what ? connor nothin' . romeo be you say I look gay ?! murphy no . you just hail from a colorful ... romeo ( to Dealer ) you do not know I . you think this make I look gay ? Romeo pose . the Dealer shrug . gun dealer you look like you might have see one up close . ext . common home -- morning this be a common home at the end of a cul de sac . the Old man pick up the paper on he front stoop and shut the door . he open the paper with shock . a big picture of Crew cut on the front , " saint innocent , new suspect in priest murder " he read frantically . " New evidence discover at the crime scene ... " 73. old man evidence ? he amble into the house and to a ... int . bedroom -- continuous the Old man move to Crew cut 's bedside . he see the rosary about the slumbering man' neck and rip it off . Crew cut bolt awake ! old man foolish , arrogant boy ! what have you do ?! he whip Crew cut with the rosary , until he cower in the corner , weep profuse apology in italian . int . panic room -- afternoon monitor show angle of the apartment outside . this small space be equip for single live . yakavetta be frazzle , baggy eye in a robe . Jimmy the gofer sit quietly as concezio babbles to himself . concezio that wiley old fox not as clever as we think . or maybe he play I from the git . y- you think he play I ? jimmy uh , boss . maybe you aught not to be tell I this stuff . I be just ... concezio smack he across the face . concezio a little sensitivity , huh ? you heartless cocksucker ! I need to vindicate my feeling here ! I can not tell that goombas outside ! they will serve up my ball over a plate of fuck spaghetti ! int . luxury apartment -- moment later the capo huddle up . hushed tone . capo # 4 fuck that . we get a mutiny on we hand . every ten cent wanna be with a gun be move on we all over town . 74 . capo # 3 yeah and we fearless leader be not even come out of he little pussy room yet . with this , the panic room door slide open and concezio emerge hold a bag . he dump a bunch of cell phone on the coffee table . concezio I want each of you to call you top button man . the best you get . I want they all here tonight . we rip this city a new asshole . it 's time for we to reconnoiter we strength on the street . we seize the day start now ... carpel tunnel , gentleman , carpel tunnel . all be relieved and word of approval flow . capo # 5 glad to see you back among the live , boss . nearby , Jimmy knock over a bottle of wine , crash ! concezio dive back into the panic room . the door slide shut . dissolve to ... ext . the prudential build -- night dolly drive a laundry truck into the pru 's load dock area . int . laundry truck -- night dolly back it up to the dock and pull to a stop . he turn . dolly God speed . Romeo , in a laundry uniform , emerge from the back push a load laundry cart . he enter a ... int . utility hall -- moment later at the hall 's oppose end , two maintenance worker move toward . Romeo see and quickly put he head down . soon , Romeo and the maintenance man converge . they turn , enter oppose elevator . int . romeo' elevator -- continuous as the door close , Romeo look into the oppose elevator . the maintenance man be duffy and greenly , ball cap , duffel bag . 75 . as the elevator ascend , Romeo swipe off the laundry , pull the false top . the brother pop out in they usual garb . weapon emerge and they gear up . Romeo look unsure ... murphy what . romeo nothing . connor out with it ! what the hell 's the matter with ya ? romeo nothing ! it 's just ... this be some heavy shit . connor ya do fine at you uncle 's place . romeo yeah , but we be go off a new script here . I be just have a... period of adjustment . murphy you be about to have a period of gettin ' yer ass beat ! romeo hey ! you two be not the only one rollin ' with no health insurance ! just let I do my thing . I be absorb this . connor this be not the time for you to be absorbin ' shit ! now , if ya freeze up when you get in there just point yer gay gun at them and fer Christ sake , at least try to look cool ! murphy I think you be all hot fer dis ! romeo oh , I be hot ! I be fuck red hot ! the kid 's flamin ' like Matt damon in the Grande camen ! ding ! Romeo have a look of dread . 76 . connor this be you . be on time . Romeo firm himself up as the door open . romeo I will be there . Romeo exit with the cart . the boy remain . the door close . connor and Murphy look at each other . connor you ready fer dis shit , my dear brother ? murphy ( cock .50 cal ) let 's do some gratuitous violence . flash to white ... int . luxury apartment -- night a demolish environment . the tower window be blow out , provide a threaten view of the city below . here , Eunice stand , look out over the panorama . eunice ( to herself ) on a sultry Saturday in September the Saints save seventeen soul ... try say that five time fast . she turn and walk the marble floor which be like a runway , line with pulverize statue . a long table of ravage food extend . crime scene personnel toil . ritualized body everywhere . greenly be by the panic room . he push the " talk " button . greenly come on . there 's nothing to be afraid of . it 's all over . ( turn ) he will not come out . he join dolly and duffy who stand on the periphery . Eunice be dead center , absorb the scene when suddenly , FBI agent JOHN kuntsler barrel in with he g-men # 1 - # 3 . kuntsler special agent Bloom ! you be hereby relieved of all obligation to this investigation . 77 . he hold up he i.d . a collective groan from crime scene personnel . kuntsler ( cont 'd ) that 's right , kid . this crime scene be now under the full jurisdiction of you beloved federal government . as of now , you will all report to I , special agent John kuntsler . the detective look to kuntsler 's g-men as if squaring off . kuntsler ( cont 'd ) do not let we interrupt you . just do not forget to turn over everything you find . we have people stand by ready to take credit for all you hard work . he chuckle as all return to work . kuntsler turn to Eunice . kuntsler ( cont 'd ) so , how ya doin ' , bloomy ? eunice just fine ... cunty . kuntsler 's shit eat grin disappear . he lean in . hushed tone . kuntsler Nice little science project you get go with this three goofballs . ( be : detective ) you try to turn they into you own little junior g-men ? well , you can put sprinkle on shit , Bloom , but it 's still shit . so , you and you keystone cop can all go home now and let the professional handle this ? eunice Boy . I would love to hear a gen-u- wine professional 's assessment of a crime scene . how ' bout you , detective ? dolly , duffy and greenly chorus the affirmative . kuntsler look unsure then phony up some bravado . look around ... kuntsler o'kay . seem pretty obvious . the door be break down . we have get we point of entry . the assailant fire in this direction . ( point toward window ) ( more ) 78 . kuntsler ( cont 'd ) explain the window . the victim be ... eunice there be three inaccuracy in what you just say . number one , David . greenly if the window be shattered by gunfire come from inside the room , the glass would have be blow outward . as you can see , most of it be on the inside . kuntsler look . sure enough . his eye widen . eunice number two , dolly . dolly blood splatter in the direction of the round fire . if the assailant discharge toward the window , the blood would follow suit . here , the majority of splatter be in the oppose direction . kuntsler look . sure enough . eunice number three , duffy . duffy trick question . there be no number three . he only fuck up twice . eunice ( whistle ) look like bloomy ace she science project . kuntsler 's man look embarrassed . kuntsler that be just off the ... I would have see the blood thing ... I have not even have time to ... eunice why do not you let I take a crack at it , John ? wo not cost you nuthin' . kuntsler and just why would I do that ? 79 . eunice cuz , tonight ... mamma 's right on time . flash to white ... int . luxury apartment -- earlier Eunice , alone , saunter before the huge window which be now intact . concezio hold court nearby . he be shave and dress . his capo sit around in a loose semi-circle . there be six dangerous look man stand shoulder to shoulder before they . eunice this evening 's topic of discussion ? desperate time require desperate measure . concezio desperate time require ... some , you know , some desperate shit . start tonight , every one of you fat fuck slob be back on the street and earning you daily bread . a chorus of protest . concezio ( cont 'd ) shut the fuck up ! ( they obey ) we get no choice . you motherfucker better get in touch with you ' inner gangster ' . it 's time to knock the dust off you ball bat ! you break bone ! you smash head ! you do whatever you gotta do ! eunice which bring we to the relevance of we new guest . concezio ( to button man ) each one of you be to stick to the guy that call you here like glue . you arm yourselves to the tooth , pick you own crew . this bible bang psychos will make a attempt . it 's you job to blow they souless heart out of they chest . eunice it 's time to reclaim the street with a iron fist . 80 . concezio we gotta take back what 's ours with some sincere ironfistery . whip pan ... ext . back to present , roof of prudential -- night Eunice walk the roof with kuntsler et al in tow . eunice let 's explain the glass , now . why be most of it inside the room ? they halt before a window wash scaffold . eunice ( cont 'd ) here 's why ... or it will be " why " in a moment . y'see , this boy . well , to put it simply , they tend to get reeeeal ... flash to white ... ext . flashback , scaffold -- night connor Creative ! it 's a creative plan ! duffy , greenly and the boy descend the tower . greenly work the control as duffy help the boy tie on harness . murphy it 's ridiculous ! probably base on some stupid shit ya see in a movie ! and here I be again all tyin ' myself up with rope ! what be the deal with you and rope ?! honestly ! connor it happen to be a useful thing ! the boy start yell over each other . duffy turn to connor . duffy you do not get this from a movie ... do you ? Murphy regards he brother , " well ? " pause . 81 . connor the " eiger sanction , " clint eastwood ! and it work like a fuck charm for he ! int . janitor closet -- same time Romeo peek out a crack door at a mafioso guard . lloyd ( 33yr ) , a janitor , gag and duct tape to a hand truck . he have a shiner . Romeo look through he wallet . romeo o'kay Lloyd Cranston of 135 Liberty Lane , apartment 3c . ( show he wallet pic ) Lovely wife and kid . how old be they ? nevermind . here 's the situation , Lloyd . I and a couple of friend of mine be fittin ' to do some killin ' here tonight . I be talk bullet and blood , custom - wholesale slaughter . you follow I , Lloyd -o ? ( Lloyd nod ) good . now , I have run into a little snag . I need to figure out a tag line . you know , something cool to say when it 's all over like ... " I will be back , " but mine , y'know ? I need to own this one . I think this will help I get through the quote , unquote event . I be go to take you gag off and you and I be go to riff a little , o'kay ? let 's have fun with this . Lloyd nod and Romeo rip off he gag . lloyd I can not believe you ! I be a fuck janitor . what do I know about bullet and slaughter and shit ? romeo not riffing , Lloyd ! now , I need a " hasta La vista " line , toute fuck suite and you be gonna help I think of one ! ext . scaffold -- later Eunice stand alone on the end of the scaffold . 82. eunice and you can count on it like the U.S. mail . through rain , sleet , hail or snow ... something always seem to go wrong for this poor son o' gun . the scaffold suddenly stop . connor what the fuck ? greenly ( hit control ) I do not know ! it just stop ! murphy well , get it fuckin ' goin ' again ! greenly it will not turn back on ! it just die ! brother oh , shit ! the boy look over the edge . Long way down . connor how much time ?! duffy ( look at watch ) sixty second ! murphy we gotta go now ! duffy what be you talk about !? connor if we be even a few second late , Romeo 's dead ! we gotta go ! ( look up ) we be down thirteen storey ! murphy eleven more to go ! Ball park it ! they start count out length of rope by feed they through they hand and extend they arm out to the side . brother one floor , two , three ... 83. murphy ( miffed ) the fuckin' eiger sanction . int . janitor closet -- same time Lloyd struggle to think . lloyd uh ... " take that , sucker ! " romeo not cool enough . lloyd uh , " merry Christmas , mother fucker ! " romeo too sacrilegious . lloyd oh God , uh , how about " eat it ! " romeo what be we at , a buffet , now ? lloyd good God , man ! I be a ... romeo hang on , you might be onto something with the buffet thing , like with food , y'know ? let 's brainstorm on that idea for a minute . ext . scaffold -- same time the boy ' rope be secure and they each pull a rambo knife . murphy time ?! duffy jesus christ ! seven second ... six ... five ... int . hallway -- same time Romeo , push he cart , jive down the hall toward the guard , sing " La couca racha . " the guard put out a halting hand . duffy v.o. four ... three !... two !... 84 . whip pan ... int . back to present , luxury apartment -- night eunice one ... thing have always amaze I . Eunice stand dead center . everyone watch ... eunice ( cont 'd ) how quiet it get . you ever notice that ? it 's hard to imagine that just a few hour ago , it be the God damn o.k. coral in here . flash to white ... fantasy sequence : cool country western music ! close on : a pair of cowboy boot pace toward . Eunice stand before the loom window . the immaculate food table stretch before she . she be now in full cowgirl regalia : leather chap , rawhide coat , boot , cowboy hat and a pair of gleam six gun on she hip . with the brim of she hat sling low , Eunice burst into twirling gunplay with she colt . she spin they all around , flipping they , catch they , etc . she holster and stop . eunice ( cont 'd ) one thang I be go guarantee ya ... ext . scaffold -- same time first , connor jump off , then Murphy . they fall down and out in slow motion , knife in hand . int . luxury apartment -- moment later Eunice roll the chamber of one of she colt along she arm . eunice we go have we a good time ... int . outside window -- same time the boy snap to a stop and swing in , toward the building . with they free hand they each pull a .50 cal . 85 . int . luxury apartment -- moment later eunice ... in the old barn tonight ! the country western music go hard core ! slo - mo : two bullet hole pierce the window behind Eunice as she level she colt . the mammoth pane shatter but stay in the frame . slo - mo : all gangster bolt upright as they plasma screen explode with the boy ' round . some pull weapon . int . hall -- same time Romeo pull he .45 's and take out the guard . he kick in the door and rush in ... int . luxury apartment -- moment later slo -mo : the brother smash through the glass . they fire as they swing over Eunice 's head . slo - mo : Eunice leap onto the table as the boy cut they rope in mid air with the rambo knife . the brother land on they knee . they momentum carry they , slide on either side of the table . slo - mo : Eunice run along the table top , crush food and keep pace with the boy as all three let the lead out . slo -mo : the gangster and button man return fire in chaos . slo - mo : gangster be tear up as they be blow over furniture , into wall . Romeo blast . slow motion gun battle . slo - mo : yakavetta run toward he panic room . at the last second , Jimmy the gofer hip - check he and dive in . the door slide shut . for a few moment the gun battle rage around Eunice who stand in the center rapid fire at the gangster . eunice yeeeeeee haaaaaaaw !!! soon it be over . the brother slam concezio to he knee and level to the back of he head . as he beg for he life ... both and shepherd we shall be , for thee , my Lord , for thee . power hath descend forth from thy hand , that we foot may swiftly carry out thy command . ( more ) 86 . both ( cont 'd ) so , we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with soul shall it ever be . Romeo watch in awe . both ( cont 'd ) in nomine patris , e filii , e spiritus sancti . boom. concezio drop . Romeo 's be wait , gun up and ... romeo " who order the whup ass fajita ! ? " murphy what ? connor whup ass fajita ? the brother turn to each other . connor and murphy that 's fuckin ' stupid . Eunice whistle in sympathy as she lift she brim with a colt . eunice hold up , now . everything freeze in place . Eunice shuffles over to Romeo . eunice ( cont 'd ) be that the best you could do ? romeo it 's just ... I could not think ... I eunice shhhhhh. ( whisper in ear ) ya break down the door , do n'tcha ? Romeo snap he head toward the entry with inspiration in he eye . quick CUT : he break down the door . quick CUT : the brother shoot yakavetta . quick CUT : Romeo , gun up and once more with feel ... romeo ding do , motherfucker , diiie do ! the brother look at Romeo , then to each other . 87 . murphy exactly . connor you say it . whip pan ... int . back to present , luxury apartment -- later Eunice stand before the panic room door . she be totally dishevel . she swipe she hair back . eunice and that , gentleman ... be the sound of the fat lady singin' . everyone stand in shock , kuntsler , he g-men , the detective even crime scene worker . greenly whisper to duffy ... greenly should we ... clap or something ? duffy shut up . suddenly , the panic room door slide open and Jimmy yank Eunice inside . the door shut . everyone rush toward . kuntsler hey ! duffy bang on the door . duffy Eunice ! oh , shit ! Eunice ! greenly slam the talk button . greenly if you hurt she , you piece of shit , I will kill you ! do you fuck hear , I ? I will kill you ! greenly wheel around , face kuntsler . greenly ( cont 'd ) get a hostage negotiator down here and put some stank on it ! he could be in there all ... touch she and shit ! 88. int . panic room -- continuous Eunice have Jimmy pin face down to the couch , arm twisted behind . jimmy I be sorry ! I be sorry ! I be not gonna hurt you ! eunice you bet you ass you be not . jimmy just lemme explain . I have information , like pertinent information . ouch ! look , I be listen to you out there and that 's , like , exactly what happen . that 's what make I think you be the person to talk to . Eunice let he go and stand . Jimmy sit up . eunice yakavetta have a partner , do not he . Jimmy look scared . jimmy yeah . eunice you see this fella ? jimmy yeah . it be only one time and just for a second but I think I could id he . I do not know he name , though . concezio always call he the " Old man " accept one time when he call he something else , like he fuck up and I be not suppose to hear it . eunice what be it ? jimmy he call he ... the Roman . ext . luxury apartment -- moment later panic room door open and Eunice emerge with Jimmy in tow . 89 . greenly ( be : Jimmy ) do this little motherfucker ...? eunice easy , David . I be fine . c'mon gent , we be leave . this be the fed 's problem , now . kuntsler hey ! what happen in there ? what be say to you , agent ? Jimmy be cuffed by two uniform . eunice you get he in custody . ask he yourself . you be the professional . she walk out and the detective follow . dolly yeah , professional moron . ext . prudential build , ground plaza -- night there be coroner van and moderate police activity here as Eunice talk with the detective who all seem perplex . duffy I get no idea . that 's just weird . the Roman ? what do you think it mean ? eunice feel like we ghost to I . dolly what do we do now ? I mean , the brother be not goin ' nowhere until we get panza or they do . eunice we have all have enough excitement for one night . let 's sleep on it . ext . alley across from plaza -- same time Crew cut watch Eunice and the detective from the dark alley . he have shave he head bald , give he a sinister look . 90 . int . mcginty's -- later the place be empty except for connor and Murphy have a celebratory shot at the bar and clean they weapon . murphy when 's Romeo returnin ' to the " hide out ? ' connor soon as he 's do apologizin ' to he uncle for wreckin ' he restaurant . murphy and he should be sorry . the disrespect . they chuckle as a loud knock be hear . as Doc peep through the spy hole and unchain the front door ... doc hold you damn horse ! he let greenly in and lock it behind he . greenly take a few step in , stop and grab he crotch with both hand . greenly sack -o-matic , I say ! as the boy guffaw , boom ! a shotgun blast through the door send greenly to the floor with a gape wound in he back . Crew cut burst in with a smoking pig nose shotgun hang from a shoulder strap . he pull two sig and rapid fire at the brother . the boy jump over the bar frantically try to reassemble they weapon . connor and Murphy check they clip . murphy I get nothin ' ! connor rack he .50 cal and look in the chamber . connor one in the hole . they see a shotgun behind the bar . Murphy grab it . just as they be about to stand , they hear Doc cry out . doc boy ! 91 . they stand and level . Crew cut have Doc from behind , .9 mm to he temple . thick accent ... crew CUT put dem down ! throw dem over ! the boy do not flinch . Crew cut push he gun into Doc 's temple hard . he cry out in pain . crew CUT ( cont 'd ) throw dem over ! the boy toss they gun over the bar . Crew cut level toward they , hold Doc in place . he whisper in Doc 's ear . crew CUT ( cont 'd ) Brothers , eh? which one first ? this one ? ( be : Murphy ) Dee other , eh ? he cock back he hammer . a silence pop ! ring out from the shadow . Crew cut 's hand be hit . he drop , cry out in pain . slo - mo : poppa m emerge from the shadow and move to Crew cut with a smoking , silence walther pistol in hand . the brother have just a moment of shock before greenly choke up some blood . they jump the bar and rush to he . murphy Jesus Christ ! connor Doc ! call da fuckin ' ambulance ! as they hold greenly and beg he to hold on , we move to poppa m stand over Crew cut . Crew cut look up at he in awe . crew CUT you . poppa m where be the Old man ? crew CUT never . poppa m pull two .38 revolver . he snap the rotary chamber out , put one bullet in each gun , spin the chamber and snap they shut . he hold they out to Crew cut . the boy weep , oblivious to this . 92 . murphy just hold on . connor hang in there , brother . they be comin' . greenly struggle to speak . greenly naw , boy ... it 's over . do not worry ... proudest day of my life . he seize violently and die . the brother be in anguish . Crew cut pick a .38 and stand . he and poppa m level to each other 's forehead . Crew cut be excited . poppa m be calm , tranquil . the brother bolt up in shock . brother Da ! poppa m easy , boy . the boy watch in horror , try to figure it out . poppa m motion for he opponent to go first . Crew cut cock he hammer back with a " click . " the brother 's eye go wide . murphy what the fuck 's he doin ' ? Crew cut pull the trigger , " click ! " brother jesus christ ! connor rush over and grab up the shotgun . connor I be gonna blow this mother fucker 's brain out , right now ! he cock it and level to Crew cut 's head . poppa m connor ! connor stop . poppa m hold out he free hand . halt . poppa m ( cont 'd ) Son ... daddy 's workin' . connor lower the gun . poppa m pull back the hammer , " click . " 93. poppa m ( cont 'd ) where be he ? Crew cut be unsure of himself . he think . shake he head . the brother focus on poppa m 's gun as he tense on the trigger . connor and murphy ( whisper ) come on . Crew cut clenches up , brace for impact . poppa m pull , " click . " the brother drop to they knee and pray hard . Crew cut recover . he smile , pull back the hammer . in italian ... crew CUT make I famous . " click ! " Crew cut 's eye widen in fear . poppa m ( pull back hammer ) where ? the brother pray faster as Crew cut think in horror . crew CUT fuck you !!! boom ! Crew cut fall dead . int . uncle cesar' house , kitchen -- later the boy sit at the kitchen table with poppa M. Romeo be propped up on a counter , nearby . Cesar set out coffee . poppa m I be so sorry , boy . this be all my fault . Cesar take Romeo and leave , give they some privacy . murphy what be ya talkin ' about , Da ? poppa m stroke the fade " butterfly " tattoo on the back of he hand . presently ... poppa m I be a immigrant to the U.S. in 1958 . I be sixteen . I come to New York where my father , Jacob macmanus , be a cobbler . ( more ) 94 . poppa m ( cont 'd ) have a little shop and I be to learn the family business . mafia be everywhere in that day . int . flashback , cobbler shop -- day italian thug # 1 - 4 talk to jacob macmanus ( 43yr ) . in this flashback we will refer to young poppa m as " noah . " noah ( 16 ) work in back but watch . poppa m v.o. simple extortion ... protection money . but you grandfather be proud . jacob I can not help ya with that , lad . ya get problem with you shoe , I would be happy to have a look , get fair price . poppa m v.o. I just ... watch . noah stand shaking as he watch he father beat to death . we fade into later as he hold he father 's body , wail . a italian kid with a leg brace , louie ( 18yr ) , stagger in and hobble to noah . louie Il ochio de dio ! we gotta call the polizia , noah ! we gotta call somebody ! ext . funeral -- morning noah , louie and a priest be the only one present at this modest affair . louie weep . noah be emotionless . poppa m v.o . I bury my father , then I bury the man who kill he . louie , my best friend , help I ... int . kitchen -- night noah hold a knife to thug # 1's throat at a card table . he have thug # 2 's head pin to the table top with a .38 cal . nearby , louie hold a large .44 magnum with shaking hand . seat thug # 3 and # 4 hand raise , be scared as they look at noah 's dead eye . thug # 3 come on , kid . it be a accident . we can work dis out . whatever you want . 95 . thug # 4 he be not gonna do shit . ( to thug # 3 ) I will take two . thug # 3 what da fuck 's da matter with you ? can not you see ... thug # 4 I see just fine . deal . thug # 1 ( in italian , to louie ) you be italian , kid . help we out here . put one in the back of he head and you get anything you want ! louie I , I , I ...am he friend . thug # 4 fuck he and fuck he friend . deal the card ! he be not get the ball . noah shoot thug # 2 then cut thug # 1 's throat . the other mafiosi scream in horror . louie kneel and weep . noah shoot thug # 3 in the heart and calmly take aim at thug # 4 . he shoot he in the throat and he be blow to the floor , grasp he bleed neck . noah round the table and take aim . the man be choke on he own blood . noah slowly lower he gun and just watch . int . cobbler shop -- afternoon louie work on a pair of shoe . they be both a bit older . poppa m v.o . it start out slowly . just the one who be a threat to we . mafioso # 1 and # 2 talk to the stoic noah . mafioso # 1 come on , kid . it 's good for you , good for we . we will move it right out the back of the place . mafioso # 2 it will never touch you . you get the word of the bonnavese family on that . no response from noah . Dead eye . 96 . mafioso # 1 what 's da matter with you , eh ? we see louie peek through the curtain . louie ( whispering ) easy , noah ... easy friend . mafioso # 2 what be you , stupid or something ? he smack noah across the face . CUT to : ext . wood -- night noah and louie bury the body of mafioso # 1 and # 2 . louie stop and rest . he watch noah and think . int . cobbler shop -- day " close " sign in the door . noah and louie eat sandwich . poppa m then one day ... louie why should we not help other who suffer this mafia thug ? noah put down he sandwich . louie talk to noah with passion , m.o.s. and he listen while nodd he head . poppa m v.o . then it begin . over dialogue and music we see the follow image ... noah cut out a chalk sketch on a large sheet of shoe leather . louie help noah make a " serious look " leather vest . louie hobble in with a sack . he dump a bevy of handgun on a table . all different make . poppa m v.o. ( cont 'd ) louie would pick the mark and plan everything in detail . louie draw a map on a note pad and speak m.o.s . 97 . holster and bullet belt be sewn into the vest . noah load the vest with gun as louie tighten the buckle , stand back and look noah over . ominous . poppa m v.o. ( cont 'd ) and I would go in and do the job . a mob boss and two body guard wait for a elevator . the door open . inside be noah , dark jacket , English Mac ( hat ) . he open he coat , revealing the vest . he draw two weapon , execute they all and calmly hit a button . the door close . poppa m v.o. ( cont 'd ) I would execute , over and over again , that who have take my father from I . we do a montage of noah kill mafiosi in many different way . poppa m v.o. ( cont 'd ) so it go for year . ext . back to present , kitchen -- later we pan to the gape mouth brother . murphy Jesus . connor so ...how would ya end up inside , Da ? poppa m back in ' 75 , I do a hit , come out and the police be waitin ' for I . he set I up , 25 to life . murphy wait ... why do he set you up ? poppa m can not wait to ask he . connor why do not ya flip on he ? cut down yer time ? the guy fuck ya . poppa m I could not . connor why the hell not ? 98 . int . flashback , prison phone visiting area -- night a picture of a woman with two baby be slam to the glass . ext . back to present , kitchen -- moment later poppa m he would learn of the birth of my son . connor and Murphy hang they head . connor look up . connor do you know louie 's full name ? poppa m aye . the boy look at each other . ext . side walk outside mcginty's -- same time greenly 's bag body be about to be load into a ambulance . Eunice stop the emt , unzip it and touch he face . she weep and then crush into dolly 's chest . he hold she and cry too as duffy watch in anguish . Eunice 's cell ring . she ignore it and dolly pull it from she pocket and toss it to duffy , never let go of Eunice . duffy hello . alternate coverage . connor it 's I . put Eunice on . connor hand the phone to poppa M. dissolve to ... int . police station -- later eye still red from cry , Eunice covertly work at a computer . she type . soon a picture of the Roman come on up . Eunice look at he face with trepidation and then ... eunice I hope they do it slow ... you piece of shit . int . illegal book -- later close on : a old time phone be carry to a rear table . 99 . we drift by a poker game and young italian thug , betting horse and sport . t.v.s and smoke be abundant . the phone be set on a back table . patronazzi ( 75yr ) , a ancient italian man drink espresso pick up . patronazzi si. it 's the Old man . in italian , alternate coverage ... old man hello , old friend . patronazzi many year . be you in need ? old man yes . I be make marinara and ala , I have run out of tomato . to help a old friend ... how many can you spare ? patronazzi look up . slowly , many of the young thug turn . patronazzi I be in good supply of tomato . int . uncle cesar' house , live room -- night the boy slumber . we push in on they staggered profile . they simultaneously take a deep breath . flash to white ... int . dream sequence , fenway park -- day the boy stand in a huge cement access corridor of Fenway Park . it be empty and quiet as a church . a man walk toward they . they struggle to see . presently , we reveal rocco . he pass they . rocco come on . the game 's start . the brother follow he . Red Sox emblem be abundant . rocco ( cont 'd ) funny thing about the Red Sox . we never give up hope , y'know ? it 's what keep we go all that year . and they do it . they finally fuckin ' do it . what be we all gonna do now , huh ? they emerge into the stand . perfect baseball field , empty park . 100 . rocco ( cont 'd ) I lose a lot of money on them . but I gotta admit . always feel better ... betting the underdog . rocco walk on . the boy follow . ext . baseball diamond -- moment later the boy stand on the mound . rocco walk a circle around it . rocco so , how 's thing go ? the boy drop they head . rocco ( cont 'd ) yeah . I know . it 's rough have you faith shake . the brother have a pain expression . rocco ( cont 'd ) but it happen to all of we . ( beat ) you know what 's always trip I out ? how hundred of year ago , a bunch of desperate gambler in leaky ass ship , cross the ocean blue . they have no clue what be on the other side of it . take real ball . but they sail into infinity and make it all the way to the shore of the New fuck World ... ( be : surroundings ) ... and all they have be they faith . I be always surprised how so many people miss the simple fact that faith ... be the reason all of we be even here . you can not underestimate the power of it . shit , you be the one that teach I that . rocco look to he leave and right . secretly . rocco ( cont 'd ) listen , you my boy so I be gonna give you some inside . the Sox be gonna do it again this year . the line in Vegas be huge . put everything you get on it . the boy look to each other . eye wide . 101 . murphy maybe we should . connor you be sure , roc ? you know this ? rocco smile . rocco no ... I just have faith . and for a second there , you almost do too . y'see , it 's contagious . and if enough people catch it ... look out , baby . a roaring cheer arise , shaking the very foundation of the arena . the boy turn in awe . the stand be still empty . int . live room -- later they jolt awake and look to each other . connor while the wick stand confound ... murphy ... call I with thy Saints surround . ext . boston common , jogging tunnel -- morning poppa m stand before Eunice . she hand he a envelope . eunice he life in York Maine . about 30 minute from here . better go quick . I logge on to a FBI database to get the info . homeland Security do internal monitoring now . only a matter of time before they flag it . poppa m will they know it 's you ? ( she nod ) will you be all right , dear ? eunice I hear costa rica 's nice . she look at he as she eye well up with tear . eunice ( cont 'd ) I never think I would ask this of another human be but please ... kill this man . 102 . she be overcome and weep . poppa m hold she . poppa m it end taday . int . FBI head quarter , boston branch , kitchenette -- later kuntsler pour a coffee . G-man # 2 come in hold a piece of paper . kuntsler anybody word from Bloom , yet ? g-man # 2 nothing . kuntsler I want that little bayou bitch in here . something stink about this whole thing . g-man # 2 I be have D.H.S. dump she ip and check for flag . see if she 's be poke around . int . trinity church -- later poppa m , the brother and Romeo walk kneel at the altar before a memorial to mckinney : candle , picture , card , flower etc . as they pray , a dozen or so church patron who be in the pews begin to realize who they be . we foursome stand and walk back down the aisle . they make eye contact with a few people . when the Saints be go , the churchgoer gather in the aisle and stare at the front door in disbelief . excite whisperings . one guy open he cell phone . then he think ... and close it . int . FBI head quarter -- moment later G-man # 2 excitedly give kuntsler a file . his eye widen . int . interrogation room -- moment later kuntsler slap the file down in front of Jimmy who be cuffed to a metal table . he look at a picture of the Roman . fear . int . suv -- moment later kuntsler and he man speed along siren blaring . into walkie ... 103 . kuntsler this be s.a.i.c. , Jonathan buford kuntsler ! Security code a4153b ! I need a immediate r2 law enforcement override clearance ! federal operator v.o . what be you specific request , agent ? kuntsler everyone in the tri-state area with a gun ! int . dead end STREET -- same time the Roman 's common , two story home loom in the b.g. at the end of a cul - de-sac . walk down the middle of the street , be poppa m : black trench , hat , dark shade . he open the door and enter the ... int . common home -- continuous poppa m listen , far off scratchy music . he move quietly through the house , stop at the foot of the stair ... listen . he remove he rosary , hang it on the banister and move on , pull a weapon . int . greenhouse -- same time the Roman , swirl a tomato in a plate of salt and bite into it . beside he , a horn phonograph play 40' Jazz . behind he , we see that the greenhouse be merely a extension of the home . the Roman sit in front of a sink fire pit at a low flame . across the pit , a empty chair . extended before he be a stun garden , stand in stark contrast to the common house : vine , flower , cobblestone walk , fountain . the center piece be a turkish pool with pure white lilly afloat . poppa m slowly approach the Roman from behind . he holster he weapon and sit . the Roman halt the phonograph . poppa m hello , louie . roman noah . Long pause . poppa m we have not much time . the Roman smile and gesture the surroundings . 104 . roman my garden . she be beautiful , yes ? ah , but you . you be blind to beauty . you be a destroyer , noah . poppa m you know my reason . you know why I do what I do . roman but do you ? you think it be for you father ? no . you be bear a killer . death ... be in the very blood that run through you vein . poppa m no. roman then explain this . the Roman flick a photo over . it land in poppa m 's lap . it be the picture we see earlier . a woman hold two baby . roman ( cont 'd ) you be not there to raise they . not a single day . yet , how closely they follow in the footstep of they father . they have inherite you blood , noah ... you anger . poppa m look at the photo deeply . ext . behind greenhouse -- same time outside , back wall of greenhouse . thug 1 - 5 from patronazzi , hunker down here . they be all armed . thug # 1 ( whisper into walkie ) remember , not a scratch on the Old man . int . parlor , upstair -- same time we look out the bay window . it be a straight shot down the slant roof to the roof of the greenhouse . thug 6 - 8 stand quietly inside . thug # 6 get it . wait for the signal . 105 . int . house -- moment later a glove hand grab up poppa m 's rosary . connor pocket it as he and Murphy silently climb the stair . int . / ext . various location -- same time s.w.a.t. team load into van . squad car speed through traffic . int . greenhouse -- moment later poppa m toss the picture into the fire . poppa m and you ? what be you ? the Roman denote he garden . roman I be a creator . you see ? we very nature stand in opposition as old as the story of the scorpion and the frog . poppa m why ... do you sell I out , louie ? roman you can never understand . poppa m 25 year .... try I . roman I want to join with they . they be building a empire . creating something and I be help they ! I use you , noah , to eliminate they problem , to destroy they competition , to cut out they cancer . I earn my place among they . poppa m look around . poppa m be this you place among they ? because all I see be a a old man , sit in a garden . roman alas , the scorpion and the frog both lose everything , yes ? I should have pay more attention to the story . ( more ) 106 . roman ( cont 'd ) without you ... I be no longer useful to they . they cast I out ! int . suv -- moment later kuntsler bark into a walkie ... kuntsler the location be to be surround and secure upon arrival ! nobody go in ! he suddenly look out he window to the sky . in the distance , two other copter fly in the same direction . kuntsler ( cont 'd ) be that fuck news chopper ?! int . greenhouse -- moment later poppa m why the priest , louie ? why all this ? why , now ? roman because I know it would bring you and you son . you would destroy the yakavettas and clear my way . this time , I will take what be rightfully mine . just a little piece , for my old age . after all , I have never be a greedy man . the Roman put the needle back on the record . Jazz play . int . parlor , upstair -- same time thug # 6 that 's it ! move ! another thug open the bay window . thunder music ! int . neighboring room -- same time bird be eye view : look down on connor and Murphy . they rapid fire they huge .50 cal through the wall . int . parlor -- same time slo -mo : the heavy round blast through the wall and massacre the three thug as they be about to exit . int . back of greenhouse -- same time all follow visual in slo - mo with slamm music ... 107 . poppa " m " stand , throw open he trench and revealing he leather vest , a six gun rig in the front . the Roman in awe . the double door crash in and man barrel through as poppa m turn , pull two weapon and fire upon they , hit one . the boy crash through the glass ceiling of the greenhouse on either side of poppa m . they fire as they fall , hit the ground and roll . Romeo burst into the fray from inside the house , blast away with he gold .45 's , a shotgun hang on he back . the garden be be tear apart as the brother , poppa m and Romeo hit they mark and the hit squad return fire . the boy dive behind fountain which be then pulverize . the gun battle rage around the Roman who remain seat in the very mouth of madness . his heart break as he sanctuary be shred . Romeo fire as a large rack of wine behind he be tear apart . Murphy fire over a statue and body crash into the pool . connor stand , fire in a Jesus Christ pose . poppa m drop he empty weapon and pull two more , lay down a second barrage . Romeo be simultaneously hit in the leg and shoulder . he fall , drop he .45 . he struggle to fire the shotgun . poppa m take one in the chest . connor be wounded in the shoulder but continue fire . Murphy be hit in the leg but continue fire . the boy and Romeo manage to take out the last of the thug , who be blast into the turkish pool . it be over . the music fade ... ext . front of home -- moment later squad car screech to a halt as the chopper land behind they . kuntsler exit , shouting order . many officer level over they hood as s.w.a.t. pile out and move toward . int . greenhouse -- moment later the Roman look around , tear in he eye . the boy hobble to they fail father who be on he knee . connor and murphy Da ? 108 . poppa m boy . help I up . they get he to he foot . poppa m turn to the Roman . he level a revolver toward the seat man . with he last bit of strength ... poppa m ( cont 'd ) I will see you in a minute , louie . poppa m fire one right between the Roman 's eye . poppa m crumble . his son lay he down . connor oh , no , no , no . poppa m smile as he look up at the sun through the blow out glass ceiling . a plume of butterfly escape . poppa m it 's a beautiful day . murphy aye . it be ... it be , da. he die . the brother weep . nearby , Romeo be slump and bleed , on the edge of consciousness . a strange calm come over the brother as they stand and look to one another . s.w.a.t. can be hear surround the perimeter . the boy look to Romeo . he smile at they and nod . the brother turn and walk into the house . the echoed voice of poppa m . poppa m v.o . and shepherd we shall be ... ext . STREET -- moment later cop level over they squad . media descend . poppa m v.o. ...for thee , my Lord , for thee ... int . house -- moment later slo - mo : the boy move toward the front door . poppa m v.o. power hath descend forth from thy hand ... 109 . int . various location -- same time we cut to people around the country glue to they t.v.s crowd hush in bar , airport , store . poppa m v.o. ... that we foot may swiftly carry out thy command ... ext . front of house -- moment later the door open and the boy walk out , gun down . poppa m v.o . so , we shall flow a river forth to thee ... int . greenhouse -- moment later Romeo raise a weak hand as s.w.a.t. move cautiously through a battle field of dead body . poppa m v.o. ... and teeming with soul shall it ever be ... ext . front lawn -- moment later slo -mo : the boy stop in the middle of the lawn and look out over the massive presence . a policeman yell in he bullhorn , m.o.s . slo -mo , close on : the brother ' gun fall to the grass . poppa m v.o. in nomini patri ... slo - mo : the brother drop to they knee . connor ...e fili ... slo -mo : the brother put they hand behind they head . murphy ...e spiritu sancti . dip to black . the music fade ... subtext : " Seven day later " int . / ext . news footage static ! channel change ! 110 . crowd flood a cemetery . poppa m 's casket be lower ... reporter # 2 ... hundred take off work today to say good bye to the man Boston be call simply , " the Father . " static ! channel change ! News desk . insert of Romeo . sally mcbride ... still in a coma . the condition of Romeo mata , the young Hispanic american allegedly operate with the Saints remain critical . static ! channel change ! outside Eunice 's home . reporter # 2 ... the search continue for miss special agent Eunice Bloom . as of yet , law enforcement have turn up nothing but have not rule out foul play . static ! channel change ! New footage of the aftermath at the Roman 's home . reporter # 3 the young man , who 's name Police be not release to the public have yet to utter a word since they capture . even to they court appoint attorney . static ! channel change ! a mob of protester chant , " set they free . " int . t.v. talk show , " boston banter " -- day five guest , ballplayer , comedian , actor , politician and a host be seat in the midst of a " audience in the round . " the format be similar to " politically incorrect . " ballplayer it do not change anything . what they do be still more important . it 's still the issue . 111 . comedian they deserve medal . politician they deserve the death penalty . argument erupt . int . prison hospital -- day the argument be hear as the boy awaken in they hospital bed at the same moment . priest v.o. only God can judge ! actor v.o . oh , save it for group , father ! they be bandage and hook to machinery . ballplayer well , I know this ! they certainly do not belong in prison . the boy turn and look out the window at a group of con in the yard , stare up at they . host v.o . oh , I do not know . connor and Murphy 's face split with evil grin . they mimic gun at the con and gesture as if shoot they . host v.o. ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's just the place for they . fade to black ...