the leisure seeker written by Stephen amidon francesca archibugi francesco piccolo paolo virzi scene 1 page 1. ext . pick - up , moving through a boston suburb - day 1 a car stereo play a song from the 1980 ... ' it 's raining again 's by supertramp ( followed by commentary from the d.j. , who say that he all soon be speak with the democratic congressional candidate from the FOURTH district of massachusett ) a perfectly - restore Ford pick - up with some vintage object in the bed drive slowly along a street line with modest but gracious two -storey house . the only people pass by at this time of day be a group of elderly power - walker , swinging tiny weight . the pick - up stop in front of a lawn that be badly in need of a trim . the radio cut off and will emerge . he 's forty - five ; average - look . he pull a shoulder bag and then two stuff Whole Foods shopping bag from the passenger seat . when he kick the truck 's door shut we see a sign : '' second hand - vintage shopping online www.secondhand.com” int . / ext . ella 's and JOHN 's house - day 2 will enter through the kitchen door without knock . he put down the bag and announce he presence with force good cheer : will Mom ? it 's I ! you ready ? Jane will be here any minute . I make a cake for dad , hazelnut and carrot . no butter or sugar , so you can have a slice ! no answer . will start to explore various room . will ( cont 'd ) where be you guy ? it 's a cozy , slightly messy house . there 's a live room with a fireplace , a big library . will collect a open book and shelf it , then fold a shirt that 's be toss on a chair . he open the door to the master bedroom . the bed be unmade . his father John 's study . the roller desk be pile high with book and papers . there 's a big old desktop computer right in the middle of it all . scene 2 page 2 . on the shelf of a large bookcase that be cluttere with essay and book , there 's a old remington typewriter John use to work with , its beautiful keyboard like a sculpture . will emerge from the front door onto the porch , turn off the phone in frustration . he scratch he head . a elderly lady in gardening attire stand in the yard next door . it 's lillian , the neighbor . she 's gray-haire , friendly : lillian will ! how be you ? will ( approach she ) hey , lillian . lillian ( whisper ) I be glad I catch you alone . I want to tell you that if you guy get busy with ella in the hospital , I would be more than happy look in on John . will but they be not here ! Mom and dad - the house be empty ! he redial . lillian give he a curious look . will ( cont 'd ) ( grumble ) why have we even buy she that damned phone ? she always turn it off . lillian come to think of it , I hear someone turn on a engine this morning . very early . will what motor ? dad 's car 's right here . he point to a perfectly - maintain old chevy in the open garage . and then he realize the large cover carport be open . will ( cont 'd ) oh my god ! he 's white as a ghost . he run toward the carport . lillian 's also shocked . she murmur : scene 2 page 3 . lillian I can not believe this . will frantically dial and impatiently await a answer : will Jane ! Mom and dad be go ! and - can you believe it ? - so be the Leisure seeker ! ext . the road , suburb - day 3 a 1970 Leisure seeker camper move through morning traffic . ext / int . camper , moving , suburb - day 4 and here they be : ella and JOHN . he 's get a white beard and wear glass with progressive lense . he look like he 's totally absorb in he drive . every so often he shoot a look at ella , who use she gaze to encourage and direct he which way to go , while also keep a eye on a map spread on she lap . she have a small , golden purse on she knee , from which she occasionally pull a tiny mirror to check she appearance . the radio be turned on low : traffic information , weather , popular song ella take a right . here. exactly . very good . John follow order with a mysterious calm . ella watch he closely . ella ( cont 'd ) could not you have wear something more comfortable to travel in ? he 's wear a checker shirt under a tweed jacket . a linen handkerchief protrude from he breast pocket . she lean closer and sniff . ella ( cont 'd ) and I think you have exaggerated a bit with the eau de cologne . though you do smell nice . scene 4 page 4 . John smile agreeably , but something tell we that he 's not really grasp what he 's be tell . he sniff the air as the camper 's interior fill now with the sound of : the ronettes singing ' be my baby 's he finally speak : JOHN darling ? eye on the road , he wait until he have she attention . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you fart ? ella Excuse I ? JOHN ( with pleasure ) you do ! ella ( scandalize laugh ) what be you talk about ? you can not say that ! but she also sniff the air , then crane she neck to look between the seat - there 's a wisp of smoke come from the engine 's trap door . she lean forward to pull a rug from beneath she foot . she place it over the leak . he glance at she , but soon lose interest and look back at the road ahead . they're pass through a leafy suburb fill with banner and sign from the 2016 campaign . a bus full of school kid pass ; some of they point and make face . ella wave to they through the window . ella ( cont 'd ) hello ! hi! such beautiful child ... you can go now , hon . the street 's clear . John ? go ! put that old engine to work ! JOHN yessir . scene 4 page 5 . John accelerate , turn right onto a on-ramp for the interstate . a red gasoline light go on , accompany by a : beep ella do we need gas , hon ? JOHN we need gas ? ella check the gauge and then glance at the map on she lap . ella let 's stop at stuckey 's , okay ? like we use to . we could get a pecan log. JOHN where ? ella we stuckey 's , hon . come on , try to remember . JOHN okay , boss . we 'il do just as you say . like always . be he look for a fight ? she blow he a raspberry . then she laugh . JOHN ( cont 'd ) why be you laugh ? ella nothing . just drive . ext . stuckey 's - day 5 the Leisure seeker cut across oncoming traffic , cause car to swerve and horn to sound . it pull up to a gas pump . two attendant approach . they be both Middle Eastern in appearance ; around thirty year old . they act like a marry couple . the female attendant wash window while the male attendant start to pump gas . meanwhile , ella stare at the station 's board - up window . scene 5 page 6 . ella be the store close ? we really want one of you delicious pecan log . male attendant ( accent ) open soon . just gas now . ella no , I can not believe it . you hearing this , hon ? John nod , imperceptibly , although he do not seem much interested . so ella make friend with the attendant . ella ( cont 'd ) every summer we have head south , and we always stop at stuckey 's . Jane and will - the kid - they have make we stock up on pecan log . male attendant yes , I see . ella we be visit my family in South Carolina . that 's where I be from . John , on the other hand , he 's a real yankee . bear and breed . male attendant ah , okay . he exchange a puzzle look with the female attendant , who , after finish the windshield , walk away grin . ella they be lovely trip . right , John ? I guess I be just a natural bear tourist . I love to travel . smoky Mountains , six flag , williamsburg ... you ever be to any of that place ? male attendant we be from Syria . scene 5 page 7 . ella well , they be amazing . you should take the family . do you have child ? the man 's face darken momentarily with sadness . but he overcome it . male attendant that ’1ll be ninety - one dollar , mar ’am . ella certainly . she pull money from she purse and lean out the window to hand it to he . as she do , she quietly confide : ella ( cont 'd ) John be a much more sophisticated tourist than I . oh , he like to travel , but he think travel should broaden the intellectual horizon , whatever that 's suppose to mean ... the attendant pocket the money and give she a curt nod . male attendant have a very nice journey . ella thank you , and I be sorry if I speak too much . I do love to chitchat . ( to John ) let 's roll , hon ! John do as he 's tell , put the camper in gear , but as soon as they start to move the female attendant wave they to a stop . there 's something in she hand . int . camper , moving - day 6 as the camper roll down the highway , a satisfied ella unwrap the pecan log . ella what a nice woman ! she find one in the storeroom . ( she put on she read glass ) its expiry date be last April , but it 'il still be all right , do not you think ? you want half , hon ? scene 6 page 8 . ( shake he head ) I want a burger . ella it 's not lunch time yet . there be something sweet about that woman . she have such pretty eye . pretty , but sad . they both do . do not you think , John ? John seem to consider she question , but then , as if say it for the first time : JOHN I want a burger . be he persistence obsessive ? spiteful ? ella sigh , she cheerfulness vanish momentarily . ext . metro cafe - day 7 the Leisure seeker pull over next to other vehicle in front of the Metro café , a restaurant top by a big plastic hamburger sculpture . int . metro cafe -— day 8 chantal hi , my name be chantal and I 'il be you server ! this be say with great enthusiasm . chantal be a very young woman , dress in a company uniform . she hover over John and ella , who be seat in a booth by the window . ella hello , chantal . I be ella and this be John . look like you be stick with we ! JOHN I want a burger . chantal might I recommend the Chow attack ? only $ 9.99 . that come with a burger , large fries , a slice of apple pie and a happy swirl ... scene 8 page ella raise she arm to the sky . ella happy swirl ! I have absolutely no idea what that could be , but it sure sound promise . JOHN I want a burger . ella Chow attack for Mr. grumpy here . chantal okay . and you madam ? ella just water . chantal nothing to eat ? ella I will just have a sip of he happy swirl . chantal ( puzzle ) ah , okay . ( to John ) would you like anything else to drink ? pepsi ? beer ? JOHN Burger . ella that will be all . JOHN Burger , please . ella thank you , chantal . chantal take they order on a pad , thanks they , and hurry off . the place be pretty crowded ; there be multiple big screen nearby , one with sport highlight , one where candidate debate as part of the ongoing campaign , both with no sound . on another , a music video loudly p lay ... «+a techno dance track scene 8 page 10 . ella notice a payphone by the counter . she turn to John , look in he eye and speak forcefully . ella ( cont 'd ) I be gonna stretch my leg . you stay put . ext . ella 's and JOHN 's house - day 9 a deject will emerge from he pick -up . lillian , work in she garden , give he a question look , but he shake he head . he walk briskly toward he parent 's front door . a woman stand on the front porch , talk on the phone . will 's older sister jane . jane I know , Dr. tomachewski ... I be fully aware ... well , we just have to be patient ... I do not know what else to say ... we be just hope they have not go too far ... okay , my brother just pull up . we 'il let you know if we hear anything . she hang up and look at will , who : will I check all the supermarket . nothing . jane I seem to remember it be you brilliant idea that they keep that monstrosity . not so smart , kiddo . will there have to be some sort of explanation ... jane they run away . will but from who ? and then the phone vibrate and ring in will 's pocket . he look at the number in confusion before answer . will ( cont 'd ) hello ? Mom ! where the fuck be you ? scene 10 page 11 . 10 intercut - int . metro cafe / ext . ella 's and JOHN 's house - day ( the screen split in two ? ) ella will , darling , please do not use that language with I . while speak on the phone , she do not lose sight of she husband , still at the table , absorb by the big screen tv . ella ( cont 'd ) you need to calm down . if you raise you voice again I 'il hang up immediately . Jane , who 's come close to hear what 's be say , snatch the phone from she little brother 's hand . jane Mom , what be this craziness ? you know I be come to get you . why have you run away ? ella we be just take a little trip , Jane . we will not be go long . jane a little trip ? where ? ella this be something I really need to do with you father . will , who have put he ear close to the phone , bury he face in he hand when he hear the word ' trip . 's he begin to pace nervously . jane I can not believe this ! we would decide everything . will be go to stay with dad ... ella you father and I do not decide a thing . you and will and that quack doctor do that for we . will can not resist . he grab the phone back from Jane . scene 10 page 12 . will mother - you be sick ! ella sick do not quite describe it , will . I be something else altogether . will you can not be do this . you tell dad to turn that jalopy around and get right back home . Jane lean toward the phone to say : jane you need you treatment , mother . ella I have have it up to here with they treatment . I have be there , I have do that , it be not pretty . will they just want to make you better . ella kid , try to understand . let I have this vacation with you father . will vacation ! what do you mean , vacation ? jane Mom , you know full well that dad can not drive in he condition . ella you father 's perfectly capable of drive . he 's do very well . ella see that chantal have deliver they food , and John be energetically tell she something . ella ( cont 'd ) kid , we will manage . we love you . she hang up and move back to the table , where John now harangue a intimidate chantal . JOHN ( talk on all cylinder ) ( more ) scene 10 page 13 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) and that 's all because he prose be so seductive you just race across the surface have a good time never feel compel to look beneath it at the profoundly intricate construction hemingway create to support it . Joyce know the beauty of it - ( he look at chantal - ) James Joyce ? great , great writer ! you should read he . irish . he acclaimed hemingway . call he a giant . but not here , not in America . here we praise the hell out of we brilliant darling and then we kill they . do you read ' the indian Camp 's ? Nick 's dad do a cesarian with a pocket knife and sew it up with fishing line and you see it all . you put the story down and you suffer a existential crisis . the realization that who we be end , that that 's it ! so beautifully craft . a work of poetry and it 's prose - it 's prose that 's poetry ! the waitress nod with a polite smile . chantal no , yeah , I can see that . definitely . ella you can just ignore he , you know . chantal oh no , it 's super interesting . he 's be very nice ... she would like to leave , but John grab she wrist . JOHN prose that be poetry . that 's hemingway 's secret . do you have any idea how difficult that be to do ? chantal for sure . scene 10 page 14 . ella John , sweetheart , leave the poor girl alone . she gently pries John 's hand from chantal 's wrist . JOHN just do not confuse he simplicity with banality . do you read ... chantal ( move away ) you want any special sauce with that burger ? ella thanks , chantal , we be fine . chantal enjoy ! John turn to ella , who be remove vial with prescription label from she purse . JOHN I be wonder if she would read ... ella eat , John . you want I to cut it up for you ? John lower he eye toward the plate . JOHN not necessary . he take a bite . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do not forget to take you pill . ella remember ; she start to remove she multicolor pill from a tiny compartment container . ella so how be it ? John nod , raise a thumb . ella ( cont 'd ) and now yours . 11 scene 10 page 15 . she hand the box to John , who swallow he pill . she push the glass of water toward he . ella ( cont 'd ) I 's will chase mine with this famous happy swirl . she swallow she daily dose . Blue pill , white pill . she chase they down with a shot of the frothy drink . ella ( cont 'd ) not bad . JOHN ( in exquisite reverie ) or maybe the ' Hills like White elephant . 's gosh ... ella I remember that one . the guy 's tell she to have a abortion , but you hemingway never actually write the word . JOHN do not need to . prose that be poetry . no explanation require . ella it be always so nice when you read to I in bed . int . ella 's and JOHN 's kitchen - day 11 Jane sit in the kitchen with a steaming cup of coffee and a slice of will 's cake . he 's still very upset . will I do not see how you can just sit there eat . we should call the police . and get Andy to track they credit card spend . jane hopefully Mom have not lose she marble now as well . maybe they be just out for a short spin . I mean , where be they go to go ? will the camper need to be service , Jane . what if there 's a accident ? ( more ) 12 scene 11 page 16 . will ( cont 'd ) what if someone sue dad ? we need to figure out where they be go and intercept they . ( pause ) and yet she continue to eat as if it 's nothing ! Jane try to calm she brother . jane sit down , will . let 's think this through . at this moment , lillian open the door and walk right in . lillian yoo hoo ? any news ? have you hear anything ? will not yet . jane hey , lillian . have a piece of cake . will really outdid himself this time . it 's delicious . will ( deject ) make without animal fat . int . camper , moving - day 12 the Leisure seeker roll down a wide and busy road . ella speak while John drive : John nod ella «+. but everybody come to my cousin Jane 's wedding . remember ? they sit we at a table by that huge picture window . up and down . he can not find the memory ... ella ( cont 'd ) do you remember who be there ? JOHN ( hesitates , then : ) me. ella laugh loudly . scene 12 page 16a . ella yes , John . you be there and I be there and the kid be there . I be say who else beside we . you do not remember . at we table , there be Michael 's relative from Charlotte , and ... look out ! scene 12 page 17 . she shout because a suv have cut into they lane . ella brace she foot and close she eye , wait for the impact . but John brake in time as he instinctively reach out a arm to protect he wife . the camper swerve . sunglass , map and guidebook fly off the dashboard . a door slam at the back of the camper as other object crash to the floor . meanwhile , the suv accelerate away . the camper steady . ella ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! JOHN we be fine . ella that be amazing , John . JOHN I still have it , do not I ? show off , he drive for a moment use just he knee to steer . she smile lovingly at he , unconcern by any potential danger . ella yes you do . John put he hand back on the wheel , he eye on a array of road sign . one point to Philadelphia and Baltimore . ella ( cont 'd ) that way , okay ? Old Route 1 . you remember the road ? we take it a thousand time . JOHN we be head south ? ella that 's the plan . JOHN to you people . ella what people ? my parent ? they be dead , John . JOHN they be all dead . ( mutter ) like the descent of they last end ... scene 12 page 18 . ella I wonder if they be have fun up there , if it 's a joyous place , where you sing and dance while drink happy swirl all day . what do you think happen , you know , after ? John ? John , incongruously , begin to sing : JOHN ( whisper ) freedom 's just another word for nothin ' leave to lose nothin ' , do not mean nothin ' hon ' if it be not free , no no ... ella smile and join in the old Janis joplin song . ella and JOHN ... and , feelin ' good be easy , Lord , when he sing the blue you know , feelin ' good be good enough for I ...... meanwhile , ella spot a wisp of smoke come from the trap door she earlier cover with the rug . the Leisure seeker roll down the great highway , pass sign for the Pennsylvania border as they continue to sing : ella and JOHN ( cont ’d ) ..- good enough for I and my Bobby mcgee ... ext . chester park family campsite - day 13 the Leisure seeker idle in front of the reception hut , while ... the song continue , now sung by janis joplin ... we see ella lean toward the receptionist to deliver document and money . CUT to : the Leisure seeker slowly roll to a stop between mighty oak in front of the lake . modern camper be park on either side . scene 13 page 19 . with well - practice gesture , repeat many time over the year , John connect the rv 's electric cable to a big socket , then firmly fasten the water supply hose . meanwhile , inside the camper , ella lean forward to seal the leaky trap door with duct tape . CUT to : at they portable picnic table , John eat the sandwich ella have prepare and they both take they medicine . the song end ext . chester park family campsite - nightfall 14 at dusk , ella sit at the picnic table , a cardigan drape over she shoulder , enjoy the cool evening weather . the chirping of cricket she crane she neck to see what John 's up to ... «+. he 's lie on a bench sofa in the dinette , take a nap . and then a family return to a neighbor camper : husband and wife , a kid , a baby sleep in its mother 's arm . neighboring camper hey ! - ella ( friendly ) hi there ! while he wife put the child to sleep , the male camper wander over to admire the old Leisure seeker . male camper whoa , check it out . ' 75 winnebago indian . ella it be a gift from my parent so we would come visit they . we Leisure seeker . my husband hate it at first - he use to say it be kinda low class . but he get use to it in the end . we have have a lot of great trip in this old rust - bucket . scene 14 page 20 . male camper chevy Series G engine . ella oh , you would have to ask John about all that . though he 's take a nap right now . the female camper appear . male camper look at this old beauty , babe . so have you folk be on the road long ? ella actually , we just start . we be head south , down to where I grow up , between Charleston and Savannah . female camper it 's so beautiful there ! ella yeah , we would always go on vacation there . but this time we be go even further south . all the way down to the Florida key . male camper wow ! ella I be finally take John to hemingway 's house in Key West - have you ever be ? they both shake they head . male camper now , hemingway be a confederate general , right ? female camper no , silly , he be a writer . do not he commit suicide ? ella yes . I never understand why ... scene 14 page 21 . ella 's voice trail off . for a moment , she seem deeply move and lose in think , as if she 's only now beginning to understand why . but then she snap out of it . ella ( cont 'd ) John know everything about he . he 's always want to see that house . every year I have promise he we would go , but , you know how it be travel with little kid ... of course we have be to melville 's place . that 's just a few hour from we house . have you be there ? he write moby Dick . it 's very interesting . her neighbor nod , not know what to make of all this . ella ( cont 'd ) .». it be actually a big pain in the rear for I and will ( she laugh ) . my daughter love it . I think that 's why she become a professor . John be so proud of she . he 's a teacher too . the neighbor continue to smile , though now they exchange a look , wonder how to escape this talkative lady . ella ( cont 'd ) poor will , on the other hand , he 's still struggle to find he way ... the male camper pat he pocket , look desperately at he wife - time to go - but then John appear at the door of the Leisure seeker , look groggy , he hair out of place . JOHN where be we ? we be not home . ella no , honey . we live in Massachusetts . this be Pennsylvania . JOHN what the dicken be we do in Pennsylvania ? ella we be on vacation . and we be have a whale of a time , right ? scene 14 page 22. JOHN not I . I want a cup of tea . he sit next to ella , who smile bravely at the neighbor . ella my husband John . and this be we neighbor ...? male camper Bob Taylor . and this be my wife janette . hate to say it , but ... female camper -..- it 's a little late ... male camper ...uhm , yeah , we need to put the kid to sleep ... they flee . male camper ( cont ’d ) maybe catch you later ... female camper yes , maybe ... ella I hope so ! ( hiss to John ) just say goodbye ... JOHN I want a cup of tea . ella smile at the neighbor , as if to apologize . after they close the door , she turn to John in irritation . ella i’1ll make you tea when I be good and ready . I be quite comfortable sit here . JOHN but I want it now . ella you will just be up pee all night . JOHN ( raise he voice ) I want a cup of tea ! 15 scene 14 page 23 . ella lower you voice , mister . we be not the only one here . in fact , make it yourself . you be not a invalid . JOHN that 's exactly what I ’1l1 do . instead , he stay seat , immobile . after a moment , ella reach out to smooth he hair . the gesture placate John , who ask , gently now , as if he 's just think of it for the first time : JOHN ( cont 'd ) what do you say - how about a cuppa tea ? ella look up at the sky , then smile and sigh as she rise . ella I give up . she walk off . JOHN ( call to she ) dodge 440 v8 engine , by the way . int . camper - night 15 John and ella open the bed in the dinette , with coordinate gesture , as they have do so many time . then John get under the cover . ella sit near he , put drop into a glass illuminate by a small light . ella here , drink it all . she give he two tablet that John chase down with the drop - fill water . and then she caress he like he 's she child . CUT to : John sleep noisily back in the darken camper . ella sit at a small table , write what appear to be a letter on a sheet of paper . but then she grimace in real pain . she pop two blue oxycodone pill from a blister packet and chase they down with a swig from a bottle of canadian Club . 16 scene 16 page 24 . ext . chester park family campsite / int . camper - day 16 the Taylor family 's camper start up and roll away , revealing the Leisure seeker , from which John , still in pajamas , emerge to check a small water filter on the side of the camper . he nod , smile to himself . and then he go inside . ella be sleep , for the first time we see she short haircut post- chemo style . his bustling wake she . ella good morning , johnny my dear . she comb out she spectacular wig that have spend the night on a styrofoam head on the nightstand , then put it on . JOHN it occur to I this morning to replace the water filter , so I do but I do not , amazingly the darn thing 's still clean as a whistle . he close the door ; she sit up . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I find myself compel to admit this old contraption have its good point . there be of course , more elegant way to travel , but there be no deny that one sleep extremely well in that stupid bed . how about you , my princess ? do you sleep well ? John 's speech seem different , more relaxed , less catatonic . he 's in a good mood . ella be pleasantly surprised . ella I be so happy when you come back to I . JOHN I be just outside . you pain ? ella I be fine . JOHN where be we exactly ? ella Chester County , south of Philadelphia . scene 16 page 24a . JOHN Chester County ? some really beautiful country around here . country imbue with history . it 's so good to be back on the road again . I love it . it make we so happy . l let 's have some coffee ! 17 scene 16 page 25 . ella watch John as he reach the coffee machine . but suddenly he stop and look around , bewilder . she continue to watch he , grow worried now . ella John ? he look at she , disorient . ella ( cont 'd ) what 's happen ? JOHN where be we ? ella ( sigh ) it 's so nice when you forget to be forgetful . too bad it end so quickly . I just can not get use to it . JOHN what be you say ? ella nothing . let I make the coffee . you should get dress , my love . John smile at she but do not move . ella grasp he gently by the arm and move he toward the bed . ella ( cont 'd ) come on , slow -poke . int . camper , moving . day . 17 the Leisure seeker move down Route 1 , pass the skyline of Baltimore and Washington . the road be ugly here . there be car repair shop , fast food restaurant , walmart and cheap furniture outlet . ella do not like what she 's see . she have the map open on she lap , while John , dress in a checker shirt , drive with he usual absorption . ella how ' bout we stop at Old chesapeake ? the child love it and you do not mind it so much , do you ? scene 17 JOHN page 26 . Old what ? ella the historical village in Virginia . you use to love the museum ... after a moment 's silence John murmur . JOHN maybe Dan be not , after all . ella look at he in confusion . ella what do you say ? JOHN he 's not dead , be he ? ella who ? JOHN Dan . you want to go to he . ella sit in baffle silence . ella who the hell be Dan ? JOHN ( very serious ) we would visit you relative so you could secretly meet he . ella finally understand what he 's talk about , but be still incredulous . ella oh my God ... Daniel coleman ? she look at he , expect more , but he 's fall silent . ella ( cont 'd ) ( dumbfounded ) what be go on in you mind ? JOHN you be like gretta . ella who ? scene 17 page 27 . JOHN '' yes , the newspaper be right : snow be general all over Ireland ... '' ella what on earth be you ...? JOHN '' it be fall on every part of the dark central plain , on the treeless hill , on the bog of Allen and , farther westward , softly fall into the dark mutinous Shannon wave ... '' ella here we go again . JOHN '' it be fall , too , upon every part of the lonely churchyard on the hill where Michael furey lay bury . it lay thickly drift on the crooked cross and headstone , on the spear of the little gate , on the barren thorns . '' ella all right ... JOHN '' ,..his soul swoon slowly as he hear the snow fall faintly through the universe and faintly fall , like the descent of they last end , upon all the live and the dead . '' ella all right , I get it , that story by melville , you do not have to recite the whole damned thing ... JOHN James Joyce . ella I be glad to know there be at least some thing you remember well . scene 17 page 28 . JOHN gretta conroy . you be just like she . you have think of he you whole life . ella can not believe this be happen . smiling , she tell he : ella what on earth be you talk about ? John ? she take he arm and shake he . he keep he eye on the road , mutter almost to himself . JOHN we would go to Charleston and you have slink off to Savannah . say you be go to see you aunt . ella shake she head , and then burst into laughter . ella I can not believe this . but you should know , if Daniel coleman be alive - and that 's a big if - he 's be live in daytona for the past thirty year . she closely watch John , who be now drive in silence . ella ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? she sigh , then mutter to herself , still in a state of shock . ella ( cont 'd ) Dan coleman . honestly . of all the ... John , eye fix on the road ahead , ask : JOHN ella , where 's my gun ? ella watch she husband closely . scene 17 page 29 . ella what ? we do not bring the gun ... John do not answer . ella 's mind be work : why would he ask that ? omitted 18 ext . old chesapeake ticket office - day 19 Soldiers in eighteenth - century uniform raise they muzzle - load musket and shoot , produce a cloud of white smoke . John watch the performance . he 's in line behind ella and other tourist at the ticket window . ticket seller ( 0.s. ) two people , single day . that 'il be 88 dollar , mar ’am . the young man in the ticket booth , also dress in 18th - century clothes , hand ella a '' citizen passport '' : ella goodness , you have become pricey ! she reach for she wallet . ticket seller it 's $ 40.99 per ticket , plus tax . ella when we use to come here with the kid , it be 10 dollar for the whole family . ticket seller when be this ? back when we be a colony ? ella that 's not a very nice thing to say . ticket seller enjoy you visit . scene 20 . page 30 . ext . old chesapeake - day 20 . horse-drawn carriage move through a replica 18th - century village . a military band play : yankee doodle ella and John hover near a group of tourist , as a guide describe ( and perhaps exaggerate ) the history of the colony . John linger in front of a group of African - american actor portray slave . White actor bark order at they . ella want to drag John away , but he resist , grumble : JOHN this be awful . ella darling , come on ... ella take he firmly by the arm and lead he toward a group of tourist enter one of the building . JOHN ( whisper ) we have to do something to stop this outrage ... ella it 's all make-believe ... JOHN that 's just you southern racism talk . ella what utter nonsense ! come on , let 's go see the library . you use to love that . John reluctantly follow she . we notice a young woman with two young child , a boy and a girl , in the tour group . jennifer . she watch John until she get up the nerve to approach he . jennifer Mr. Spencer ? John look at she blankly . jennifer ( cont 'd ) it 's I . Jennifer ward. class of ' 93 . how be you ? scene 20 . page 31 . ella interrupt . ella I be sorry , miss , but I do not think my husband be able to ... but John perk up before she can finish . JOHN Jenny Ward ! it 's you ! how the devil be you ? Jennifer be almost overwhelm with emotion . jennifer I be so , so happy to see you ! JOHN how do you get on at Columbia ? you must have graduate by now ... jennifer I can not believe you remember I . a surprised ella follow the conversation . ella I can not believe it , either . jennifer a lot have happen since then . Michael , Emily , this be Mr. Spencer , the most inspiring teacher I ever have . the boy and girl wave shyly . emily hello , Mr. Spencer . JOHN what be the name of that friend of yours ? jennifer lorna Mitchell ? JOHN the two of you be always laugh . Jennifer be get emotional as she remember . scene 20 . page 32 . jennifer ( sigh , perhaps a little bitterly ) yes , I be . I be sorry if I have disturb you . I be just so happy to see you . JOHN oh , I too , Jenny . I too ! she wander on ahead with she child . ella , meanwhile , stare at she husband in annoyance . ella ( mock ) I too , Jenny . you can not remember the name of you own child but you remember that Jenny be always laugh . I be speechless . what go on in that head of yours ? she take he away , as he say : JOHN she be such a good student . 21 int . camper , moving - day 21 on the road again . ella look tired and achy . she take she painkiller from she purse and swallow they with a drink of bottled water . John turn to she , worried . JOHN you all right ? ella yes , John . I be just dandy . John keep one eye on the road and one on ella , as if study she . ella sigh . ella ( cont 'd ) who be I ? JOHN what be you talk about ? scene 21 page 33 . as he say this he reach over and touch she , be dear to she . ella you be have one of you moment , be not you ? John give she a quizzical look . ella ( cont 'd ) you know I be someone dear to you , but you be not exactly sure who . he smile but do not answer . she persist : ella ( cont 'd ) seriously , John - do you know who I be ? JOHN of course I do . goodness I ... ella who ? who be i? John , tell I who I be . JOHN ( laugh ) give I a second , alright ? I be think . ella place a hand on he arm . ella John , tell I who I be . JOHN you do not know ? well I 'il tell you . you be my wife . ella very good . but what 's my name ? John continue to look ahead , he eye on the road , but he seem uneasy . ella do not stop look at he . she 's wait . and then it burst out of he mouth . JOHN ( snort ) goddamnit , will you ever stop with all this stupid question - ella ! then , softly repeat . scene 21 page 33A . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( in dismay ) ella ! my memory ... ella you knoew it . it be always there - ella do not stop look at he . she 's wait . and then , out of nowhere , it burst out of he mouth , then be softly repeat : scene 21 page 34 . with the palm of he hand John hit he empty head . ella ( cont 'd ) keep you eye on the road . the Leisure seeker roll on toward North Carolina . int . camper / ext . SMALL town , southern virginia - day 22 ella have fall asleep . but then : the SOUND of a horn ++. make she open she eye . she realize that the camper have stop at a green light and John be not behind the wheel . she look around the interior of the van , daze and worried . outside the window , she can see the modest house of a small town . she turn to look through the back window and see a line of stall traffic . some of the car go screeching around she , other driver be out of they vehicle , cursing the camper . ella ( murmur ) good Lord , where be he now ? finally she see he : he 's just reach the sidewalk across the street . patron of a nearby bar come out to watch , curious , laugh , shaking they head . John mix among they , idly watch the traffic jam like it have nothing to do with he . ella slap the windshield : ella ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) John ! she lean on the horn . a male driver approach she window . male driver ma ’‘am ? do you need some help ? scene 22 page 35 . a female driver have come out of she car . female driver could I move you vehicle for you ? ella I be sorry , please , just give I a minute ... ella open the door , get out and stride across the road . everybody 's watch she , enjoy she distress . ella reach John , hiss through clench tooth : ella ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? come with I , you fool . she take he by the arm and drag he toward the camper , push he back on board , then hurry to get in she side . by now they be the center of attention . everybody 's watch they , laugh . John be back behind the wheel . but he do not do anything . ella ( cont 'd ) come on , drive ! can not you see we be hold up the whole show ? John look at the dashboard in profound confusion , as if he 's never see anything like this before . the gauge , the knob , the light , the key in the ignition . it might as well be the cockpit of a 747 . he place he hand gently on the steering wheel , touch it as if it be make of a precious substance . JOHN what do I do ? ella turn on the engine . come on , John , concentrate . just turn the key . she raise she voice because once again because : horn SOUND ella ( cont 'd ) ( turn around , shouting ) just a minute ! we be leave ! ( hiss at John ) please , turn the key . get go . scene 22 page 36 . JOHN get go ? ella right . just relax . you know how to do this . you have always be a wonderful driver . but then John take he hand off the wheel . ella 's really worried now . a car with flash light pull up . a policewoman get out . she 's pregnant , six month at least . she approach John 's side of the camper . pregnant cop what seem to be the problem ? you be block traffic . you have a breakdown ? JOHN no , mar ’am . pregnant cop okay , then why be not you move ? JOHN good point , officer . John , watch by a astonished ella , turn the key , start the motor and drive off as if nothing 's happen . a incredulous ella burst into laughter . ella you really be go to drive I round the bend one of this day ... John , undaunted : JOHN do you see she ? that policeman . she be pregnant ! ext . campsite , NORTH CAROLINA - day 23 ella sit at a picnic table scattered with brochure and map . sipping from a bottle of soda , she study a Florida guidebook . she turn toward the camper and say in a raise voice : scene 23 page 37 . ella hey hon , do you know that Tennessee Williams have a house in Key West , too ? he 's one of the writer you really love , be not he ? I remember when you take I to the theater to see that one set in New Orleans ... you hear I , John ? she mutter to herself : ella ( cont 'd ) though I prefer the film with marlon brando . what a dish ! John come down the camper 's step , look alarmed . JOHN ella ? ella ? where be the kid ? ella at home . JOHN we leave they at the house ? I can not believe it . ella John , please ... ella understand that John be have one of he '' moment . '' JOHN for God 's sake , what have we do ? we have leave the child on they own ! ella impatiently slam the guidebook on the table : ella the child be all grow up ! it will not be long until they be old . they have they own life - they be fine . JOHN ( incredulous ) seriously ? ella oh my god . Jane 's marry to Philip , she teach college . ( more ) scene 23 page 38 . ella ( cont 'd ) they have get two kid , a boy and a girl . JOHN really ? ella yes , John , do not you remember ? good heaven . Rose and Stephen . JOHN toddler , right ? this seem to calm he . he sit next to ella . JOHN ( cont 'd ) they be very cute . ella ( sigh ) Stephen 's nineteen and Rose be twenty - one . do not you remember she high school graduation ceremony ? Stephen play in the band and rosie make a wonderful speech . you be very move by it . JOHN Stephen play ... rosie make a wonderful speech ... ella ( hopeful ) so you do remember . JOHN no . I do not . now ella 's really angry . ella it really hurt I that you do not remember thing . I be sick and tired of have to remember everything for you . there 's a profound silence . a mortify John murmur : JOHN forgive I , ella . ella realize that she 's go too far . now she feel worse than he do . 24 scene 23 page 39 . ella no , forgive I , my love . I should not get angry with you . JOHN it 's my damned memory . ella I know . come here . she take he hand , she stroke he beard . but after several second he again ask : JOHN ella , where be the kid ? ella sigh and stand . ella come on , there 's something we need to do . I bring along a surprise . ext . campsite , NORTH CAROLINA - night 24 slightly grainy picture from a birthday party circa 1972 . ella , in she thirty , have a kid on she knee who 's in the process of blow out three candle . ella which one be this , John ? do you know ? JOHN it 's Jane . a slide projector on the picnic table cast image on a sheet strung between two oak . ella and John sit as if they be at the cinema . ella work the control button on she lap . other image appear . in one , from 1974 , ella grasp Jane 's hand as she hold will in she arm by a river . ella and where be we in this one ? JOHN ella ! look at you ! it 's true : she be very beautiful . it 's also clear that John love to photograph she . in many of the photo , the child be cut off in the frame . scene 24 page 40 . ella chowan River . that marvelous camp spot at Catherine Creek . we could put up we own landmark there . another slide . here , finally , be John , from thirty year ago ; blurry and slightly crooked , embrace ella . ella ( cont 'd ) Jane take this one . John smile . next come a photo which depict a crowd of Thanksgiving guest . ella , however , stand apart . JOHN you be sad that evening . ella I remember you tell I to make a happy face , but I just could not do it . what year be that ? JOHN you be sad . ella perhaps ' 81 . ' 82 ... she press the control switch . ella ( cont 'd ) do you remember this kid ? she 's point to a group of boy and girl throw a party for John . JOHN you niece and nephew ? down in Charleston ? ella no , they be you student , throw you a birthday party . this be you favorite class ... do you remember ? John say neither yes or no , but he continue to closely study the photo . meanwhile curious camper gather around , notably a elderly couple , who watch ella 's and John 's life like it be they own . scene 24 page 41 . elderly woman we should do this , too . we have all that slide in the basement that we never look at ... and meanwhile ... to the SOUND of a old stevie wonder song ( " if it 's magic '' ] .». here be other photo , of trip , dinner , backyard barbecue ; the happiness and melancholy of a entire life . int . / ext . camper - day 25 the song continue ella and John sleep in each other 's arm . Morning light seep through the crack in the curtain . this be perhaps what cause ella 's eye to fall open . she gently pull down the cover and run she hand along the mattress . John have wet the bed . ella shake he awake . CUT to : she help he wash with a sponge , and then dry himself with a towel . meanwhile : ella I buy you six new pair of boxer - do not you see ? why do not you wear they ? JOHN I do not like they . ella what do you mean ? JOHN I do not like they . ella same old song I have hear my whole life . what 's so great about brief ? JOHN Control . scene 25 page 42 . ella hal CUT to : the song continue outside the camper , ella and John perform a sort of gymnastics together . ella give command like a trainer . and then John wander off to part unknown . ella shout after he . ella ( cont 'd ) no , no ! where be you go ? johnnnnn ... the song end ext . camper , moving / ext . alternative farm stand - day 26 the Leisure seeker pass through field of grapevine . it wind up at a cabin where a young farm couple with a alternative air about they sell organic grape and grape juice . CUT to : John and ella be sit at a picnic table , have a breakfast of grape . they be the only customer . they eat one at a time , in silence , savore they , as car race by . at one point John pluck he handkerchief from he breast pocket and gently clean a drop of juice from ella 's chin . ella do you know what I love about you , John ? you silence be never embarrassing . never once in my life have I think : now I need to say something . it 's the thing I have always like the best about we trip . JOHN so you still see he . John speak this phrase abruptly , as if part of a ongoing conversation . ella give he a confuse look : ella what be you talk about ? scene 26 page 43 . JOHN you speak with he on the phone . you write he letter . ella who ? JOHN ( chuckle ) ah , so now we be pretend like you do not know ... dan. you say he 's live in daytona now . ella start to laugh again . ella Dan . oh , dan. Susan Sullivan tell we that at maggie tate 's funeral . you be right there beside I ! John do not seem convinced . JOHN but you ask about he . ella what ? John , the funeral be ten , no , fifteen year ago JOHN ( sad ) all this lie . all this year . John stand up and go back into the camper , mutter , leave ella in amazement at the table . ella John ? what be you do ? get back here . the farm wife approach with a refill . she smile sympathetically . ella feel encourage . ella ( cont 'd ) can you believe this ? he 's convinced that I still think about my first boyfriend , who , by the way , dumped I . but Dan be right . thing would have never work between we . that be different time . I be nineteen . oh , my lord , what a scandal ... 27 scene 26 page 44 . the hippy -farmer nod sympathetically . farm wife what happen ? ella well they send I to Boston to work in my aunt Rosemary 's shop . that 's where I meet John , this handsome young teacher who come every week to buy a new pair of leather glove . then he come back the next week to buy another pair - he say he have lose they . and then he do it again . I eventually discover he have a house full of they . ella want to be sure that this woman understand she story . ella ( cont 'd ) he be the one for I ... the woman gently ask she : farm wife and the first boyfriend , you do not think about he any more ? ella consider this for a moment . ella he vanish from my mind . no , I only have eye for John ! intercut - int south CAROLINA service station / int . will be 27 garage - day ella dial a public phone inside a service station in South Carolina . ella how be you , darling ? will jump to he foot ; papers and trinket fly off he table . will mother , where be you ? he 's answer the phone in he garage , which serve as the warehouse for he webshop . it 's pack with modern antique : old road sign , toy , a pinball machine , bakelite telephone . scene 27 page 45 . will ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake , tell I where you be so I can come get you immediately ! ella now listen will . we look at family slide last night . it be beautiful . we be look at photo from we trip to nantucket , where you make such good friend with that boy from New York . what be he name - Patrick ? will you listen to I , Mom . Jane and I be seriously think about filing a miss person report . ella he be so nice . I have be wonder - be you happy with you new work ? you be such a good real estate broker . you be able to sell some truly ugly house ... will do not change the subject . ella be it because you have a fight with you partner ? you and Richard be so close ... be you two ...? will you need to come back and resume you therapy . it 's crucial , mother . ella come on , will , please talk to I about ... oh Christ ! ella can not believe what she 's see . now seat behind the wheel , John start the motor and the Leisure seeker begin to move . will what do you say ? Mom ? but ella have drop the receiver without even put it on its hook . she rush outside . scene 27 page 46 . meanwhile , the camper be leave the service area . John put on the turn signal as ella shout and wave ... ella John ! John ! stop ! stop ! ..- but he join the highway and disappear . will be shouting on the telephone : will Mom ! what 's happen ? you be kill I ! mother !!! the Young attendant , who have begin to pump gas into a harley - davidson , look at ella and then look at the camper pull away . understand , he begin to laugh . young attendant ( to the motorcyclist ) oh shit , it look like gramp forget he wife . a powerless ella be in tear . she do not know what to do . she appeal to the Young attendant . ella help I , please ! the motorcyclist screw on he fuel cap and kick -start he bike . motorcyclist hop aboard . ella on that ? how ? motorcyclist piece of cake . ( to Young attendant ) give she a hand , Joe . the Young attendant practically lift ella in he arm . she let he do it , and wind up riding behind the driver . motorcyclist ( cont 'd ) hold on tight ! ella grab onto the motorcyclist , who rumble off . scene 28 page 47 . 28 ext . motorcycle , moving , south CAROLINA road . - day 28 a few hundred yard down the road , they come upon the Leisure seeker , roll briskly along . the motorcyclist steady the bike , ella brandish she crutch ... Inside , John turn to see through he open window this strange guy on a harley with ella behind he . they draw closer . John shout , in a offended tone : JOHN ella , what the hell be you do on a motorcycle ? it 's dangerous for God 's sake ! 29 int . camper , moving , south CAROLINA road . day 29 a furious ella sit next to John . JOHN I do not believe you . on a motorcycle ! without a helmet ! and who be that guy ? ella oh ... go to hell ! JOHN after you , mar ’am ! ella stare out the window in silence , determine not to say a word . after a bit John put a hand on she knee and say : JOHN ( cont 'd ) this be a lovely trip , be not it ? ella go to hell , John . I mean it . JOHN ( surprised ) what ? ella you leave without I . John do not seem to understand . scene 29 page 48 . JOHN ( xidiculous ) I do not ! ella you leave I alone . where the hell do you think you be go , you and you empty head ? JOHN me? go somewhere ? without you ? be you crazy ? she snort , tired of this childish bicker . they be silent for a while and then John once again put a hand on she knee . JOHN ( cont 'd ) how you do , little lady ? she remove he hand , still shake , sullen and sore . she rummages through she purse , in search of tablet . she try to open a bottle of pepsi but she hand be too shaky . John be watch out of the corner of he eye and reach for the bottle : JOHN ( cont 'd ) let I . she need to drink it to swallow she pill so reluctantly she let he take the bottle - ella be careful , John . John smile , put he elbow on the horizontal steering wheel and steer with they as he unscrew the cap , but this action cause the winnebago to swerve gently back and forth , snake first leave towards the other lane , then right towards the shoulder , until the bottle be open and he hand it to she . ella ( cont 'd ) thank you . now please put both hand on the wheel . Pov : the Leisure seeker have be swerving , head first towards the opposite lane and then back . there be no oncoming traffic but a Toyota travel in the same direction as the winnebago be compel to slow to a crawl and loudly blow its horn as the winnebago do its conga line down the highway . the scene be witness by a cop , who hit he light and start to chase , pass the Toyota as he turn on : a siren scene 29 page 48a . Inside the camper , ella bolt down three pill , take a big gulp of pepsi , then look in the side mirror . ella ( cont 'd ) John . JOHN yup ? scene 29 page 49 . ella you need to pull over . JOHN you need to pee ? ella the police be right behind we . John look in the mirror . JOHN so ? ella pull over . JOHN why ? they do not want I ... ella ( shout ) damn it John , pull over ! finally John use the turn signal and pull over . he put the vehicle in park and turn off the engine - ella ( cont 'd ) let I talk , all right ? I need to see if that fool son of ours snitch on we . they watch as a policeman get out of the car and approach . policeman license and registration , please . ella they be in here somewhere , officer . she stand up and open a hatch above they head to take out a document case . as she do , we note that there 's a shotgun inside . she close the door quickly and hand the document to the cop , who examine they . policeman Mr. Spencer . I have stop you because I see you weaving between lane . ella , return to she seat , seem relieved - will do not call . scene 29 page 50 . ella Excuse I , officer , it be my fault . I give the bottle to my husband , I could not open it . she show he the pepsi . John immediately grab it and take a big sip . ella bite she lip , while the policeman look at John with astonishment . policeman ma’am , if you do not mind , I have like for Mr. Spencer to answer himself . JOHN ( look seriously at the policeman , engage , eager to help ) yes , sir . I be try to open the ... the thing 'o . policeman the thing ? JOHN that thing . there follow a short , embarrassing silence . ella want to help he , but the word come quietly to John 's head as if it 's always be there . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( as if obviously ) the bottle . another long silence , John watch the policeman as he look closely at both passenger . and then John turn he head to ella and emit : a loud burp ella jolt ; she 's right on the edge of lose it . the policeman , after glaring at John , say : policeman I be go to run you license . wait here . he walk away . ella ( through clench tooth ) what be you , insane ? as a answer , John put he hand on the key and start the engine . ella , in desperation , reach over , turn it off and pull the key out . scene 29 page 50a . JOHN give I back the key . scene 29 page 51 . ella ( whisper ) do not even think about it . JOHN give they to I ! ella , get even more worried , glance in the rearview mirror and whisper . ella Zip it . he 's come back . policeman what 's go on , old timer ? you think of run on I ? he 's smile , however , and add : policeman ( cont ’d ) you wanna wind up on World 's slowest Police chase ? ella laugh and gently clap she hand : ella that 's a good one , officer . policeman stay in you lane and respect the speed limit , okay ? ella yes , officer . thank you so much . and have a nice day ! the officer walk away . JOHN ( grumble ) slowest Police chase . damned fool . who 's he think I be ? o.j.? hah ! he take the key from ella , put the camper in gear and drive . ella look at he affectionately , she anger go . she sink languidly into she seat as the drug kick in . ella we old trip be never this adventurous , eh? scene 29 page 52 . JOHN ( a bit nonsensically ) travel 's important . broaden you horizon broaden you mind . ella look at he for a long moment . ella do you love I , John ? John shoot she a look . JOHN of course I love you . I love you , I love you , I love you . ella I too , John . very much . 30 ext . campsite , jekyll island - night 30 full screen : another slide show 's in progress . the subject be will and Jane as teenager , along with they friend . they celebrate will 's thirteenth birthday as he blow out the candle on the cake . ella and where be we here ? ella 's ask John ; they sit together as if at the cinema . JOHN ( squint ) at home ? she 's Jane . ella and who 's the one on the right ? JOHN the littlest one . we boy . ella he have a name , John . it 's will . JOHN yeah . William . lillian be picture during a summer backyard barbecue . she 's still attractive , pose next to ella , both of they in short , they shirt tie up to expose they navel . scene 30 page ella and the woman with I be ...? JOHN ( study the picture ) she life next door ? ella right . we neighbor . JOHN lillian ? ella well do . meanwhile behind they someone make : 53 . a appreciative whistle ella notice a group of grungy young man approach . they be dress in rip jeans , old t-shirt , unlace sneaker . grungy young man ma’am , would it bother you if we watch as well ? ella please , make yourselves comfortable ! they squat nearby and pop open some beer , offer bottle to we couple . grungy young man we be celebrate the end of we world tour . the other guy laugh . ella what be you , some kind of rock band ? grungy young man post-grunge-indie-folk -punk , actually . ella Excuse I ? grungy young man it 's the kind of music we play . ella that sound ... fascinating . scene 30 page 53a . and now John and ella be drink beer while slide play depict they yard over the year . in one , will turn a hose on Jane , who be nineteen and dress in a bikini . scene 30 page 54 . more appreciative whistle the next one show a pregnant Jane several year later . disappointed howl from the band ella laugh and sip beer as she press the button . John , however , do not appreciate the whistle . other image flow by , chart the passage of time in they yard . and then there be a more recent series , depict John 's 74th birthday . Jane 's there with she two kid and she husband . will 's already bald and have a bit of a paunch . there 's also a large group of student of various age . ella ( cont 'd ) you must remember this . it be not that long ago . John examine the face , but do not seem to recognize any of they , leave ella to explain they to the band member . ella ( cont 'd ) this be family , friend and John 's ex-student . there always seem to be some around the house . they still come to see he year after graduate . John be a very popular teacher . and then come several close - up of John . his unsmile expression be distract , far away . we have see this look . the young musician begin to get up and go . grungy young man good night , thanks for the show . ella yes , good night , thanks for visit . ella stare at John , whose eye remain fix on the screen . although he seem unmove , tear trickle down he face . a31 scene a31 page 55 . int . camper / ext . campsite , jekyll island - night a31 John , smile in he sleep , cheerfully murmur something like '' ella , where be you go .. do not be that way , come here .. hey , wait .. '' . he wake from he happy dream , deeply disorient . we see the inside of the camper through he milky , fuzzy gaze . detail come into focus : object on the bedside table , he shoe , and then someone lie next to he : a back , a arm , a neck . finally , the pluck head of ella . John shake she gently . she open she eye . JOHN Excuse I , where 's ella ? ella ( patiently ) I be right here , John . John smile incredulously and shake he head . JOHN no - ella . ella carson . my girl. 22 , long blonde hair . she 's gorgeous . ella , half asleep , slowly understand what 's happen . unnerve , she rise with some effort . she pull she wig on loosely , drape a sweater over she shoulder , and step into she shoe as if they be slipper she leave the camper without a word . Left alone , daze , John try to focus on he location as the dream fade . he get up and leave the motor-home . outside , he spot ella sit alone on a park bench in the moonlight , she back to he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) be that really you , ella ? she answer with control fury . ella of course it 's I . who be you ? JOHN I be I . John . ella oh no , you be not . 31 32 scene a31 page 56 . John step in front of she , with a hesitant smile , as if to say : look at I , it be I . ella do not return he smile . she shake she head . ella ( cont 'd ) my John be a young teacher . he 's charming and educate and very handsome . and I want he back . you steal he from I and I want he back . give he back to I ! John consider she word . he sit next to she . JOHN Boy , I would if I could . but whoever steal he from you steal he from I , too . int . camper , jekyll island - sunrise 31 the first light of morning filter through the window . ella open she eye and realize she 's alone . ella John ? she struggle out of bed . she open the curtain , then open the camper door and peer outside . John be not there . ella ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) John ? something tell she to open the door of the cabinet where she hide the shotgun . it 's there . ella look relieved . int . reception desk , campsite , jekyll island - day 32 ella address a young man behind the reception desk . ella Excuse I , but you have not by any chance see my husband pass by ? he 's tall , distinguished - look , with a white beard and glass . the guy watch she , think . receptionist a guy like that pass by here ' pout a half hour ago . 33 scene 32 page 57 . ella and where be he go ? receptionist no idea mar ‘am . ella I be afraid I 'il need you help , then . my husband suffer moment of memory loss , and I be afraid he may wander off and get hurt . receptionist maybe you should call the cop ? ella but do not you have a car so we can have a quick look around ? he can not have go far . receptionist I can not leave my post . why not use you camper ? ella it 's too big , I can not handle it . please , I would not ask you if it be not important . receptionist lemme call my brother Terry . he dial a number on he phone . int . pick - up , moving through street of jekyll island - day3 ella sit in the cab of a pick - up drive by a tattooe young man - terry . his bleach hair be gather in a ponytail ; he wear many ring , bracelet and necklace . they be scour the street of the seaside town . ella ( to herself ) it 's my fault . my fault . the boy point to a old homeless man who sleep lean against the trunk of a palm tree . terry ( excited ) hey , be that he ? scene 33 page 58 . ella who , that poor geezer ? oh no , darling , I have tell you , my John be a very distinguished gentleman . glass , well - groom beard ... terry I get it . academic from yankee - land . I like that type . ella watch Terry with a know smile . ella I think my son be a lot like you . terry like I ? ella you be gay , right ? do not worry , I know it 's not a disease . we should all be more gay . happier . it ’sa gift from God . Terry laugh and nod . terry you think maybe this God could gift I blue eye and make I six inch taller ? ella speak as she continue to scrutinize passersby : ella will 's never want to accept himself . or maybe he 's never understand himself . it 's such a shame . maybe he have have be happier , more cheerful if he have . you want nothing more than to know you child be happy , especially after you be go ... terry will 's lucky to have a Mom like you . ella unfortunately , he will not have a mother like I for much longer . scene 33 page 59 . terry do not say that - you look pretty fit to I . that wig be awesome . ella what make you think I be wear a wig ? Terry give she a double - take and ella laugh . she continue to search , but she be also lose in a memory . ella ( cont 'd ) a few month ago I come home and find a shotgun on the kitchen table . it give I such a fright ! John be calmly watch football on tv . when I ask he what the gun be do there , he could not answer . later I find a note , but all that be write on it be '' ella my love '' follow by some scribbles . and then I understand . silence . the boy be intrigue . terry what be it ? ella ( mutter ) for such a intelligent man to feel he brain fade away ... but suddenly she light up , she eye wide , shouting , beside herself with joy . ella ( cont 'd ) there he be ! stop ! she point to a seafront ice cream shop , where John sit at a table . the pick - up enter the parking lot , stop practically a meter away from John . Terry help ella descend . ella ( cont 'd ) John ! he turn to look at she , but do not seem to recognize she . he return he attention to he cup of chocolate ice cream . ella reach he and embrace he . she start to cry . scene 33 page 60 . ella ( cont 'd ) Jesus , John ! JOHN why be you cry ? ella because you be not there . I would not know how to live without you , not for a minute . we have to stick together . understand ? we do not have much time leave . JOHN ( serenely ) then it 's a good thing you come cause you would not want to miss this . one helluva chocolate ice cream . ella turn to Terry , who look amused and a bit move by the scene . terry have a seat , mar ’am . i’1ll go get you you ice cream . ella , cry , change the order . ella I would prefer a whisky . ext . campsite , jekyll island - entrance - day 34 . the Leisure seeker , with John and ella aboard , exit through the campsite 's gate and drive off . ella salute through the window . Terry wave cheerfully . his brother give a more sober nod . int . camper , moving / ext . isolated road , georgia - day 35 the Leisure seeker move through the coastal region of Georgia . the road be line by forest of Spanish moss - cover tree . this be interrupt by swamp of tall grass . there be sign warning swimmer and fisherman of Poisonous snake and alligator . the stereo plays a sweet slow song scene 35 page 61 . ella ( she be say ) ... it be cold , but it be beautiful . remember ? everything be cover by a layer of ice , shiny and transparent , like the world have be cover with glass . I have to take tiny step to keep from slip . I be so cold , but you want to go on . you be tell I the story of White fang , keep you voice low , so you would not spoil the perfect silence . we get home at three in the morning , we hair full of frost . that be the night we make Jane ... the camper start to sway . John struggle to keep the steering wheel steady . ella ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? can not you keep it straight ? in the cabin , object begin to fall , plate and jar shake and slam . John slow down and pull over . JOHN it 's all right . just a flat . CUT to : the road be completely desert . there be no sign of life . John , sweaty and with dirty hand , crouch in front of a flat tire . he try in vain to turn the jack handle . ella approach , wrapping up a phone conversation . ella ( on the phone ) «-- good , we will be wait for you . yes , mile marker 21 . thanks ! she hang up the phone and turn to John . ella ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , hon . triple a will be here in half a hour . and I think the spare be flat , anyway . we 'il need a tow . JOHN I do not need they . scene 35 page 62 . ella I know you do not , but we be on vacation , right ? come on inside , do not stay out here roasting in the sun . while move toward the cockpit they be pass by a old plymouth , which slow and stop a little further down the road , then turn back . two kid get out , approach with shambling step . they be young , not even twenty . scrawny and white . ella ( cont 'd ) oh my god , John . this guy be scare I . JOHN can not you see they be just a couple of kid ? first kid you folk need a hand ? John look at ella : you see ? but ella quickly say : ella no thanks , fella . triple a will be here soon . second kid how long ' till they get here ? JOHN ( obliviously ) half a hour if we be lucky . second kid good . he pull out a knife . ella ( whisper ) John , you fool . first kid just be cool . we be go to take you shit and then we will go . second kid gimme that phone ! scene 35 page 63. he point to the cell in ella 's hand . she hand it to he . second kid ( cont ’d ) you ring , too . now the other guy 's pull out a knife . he approach John . first kid where 's you wallet at , old man ? JOHN never end a sentence with a preposition . when you say ' where 's the ' at 's be imply ... wham ! he 's silence with a slap . ella ( terrify ) John , just do what they say . she slip off she ring and give it to the second kid . and then she raise she hand , motion to John to do the same . second kid and you , old woman , shut up and give I you purse . ella it 's in the camper . shall I get it ? he give she permission with a wave . she obey . second kid just move slowly , all right ? ella as if I have a choice . she disappear into the camper . meanwhile John have raise he hand . the first kid be try to pull the wallet from John 's pocket . first kid fuck , it 's huge . you win the lottery , old man ? he slice John 's pocket open with the knife . he pull out the enormous wallet , give it a quick disappointed look , then turn to he companion . his expression change immediately . scene 35 page 64 . first kid ( cont 'd ) ah , shit . ella have come out of the camper hold the shotgun , which she point at the second kid . the first kid grab John and hold the knife to he throat . first kid ( cont 'd ) put down the fuck gun or I hurt he bad . but ella continue to wield the shotgun confidently , point it first at one , and then at the other . ella if you hurt he I x11 shoot you both . and if you think we be afraid you be dead wrong . I - no , we - have nothing to lose . so drop the knife , you hooligan . at that moment there 's a sound ... the chirpy ring of ella' cellphone ... in the hand of the first kid , who look at the display . ella ( cont 'd ) it 's will , right ? first kid ( nod ) I be not answer it . ella well I do not want to talk to he . he 's always call at the wrong time . toss it on the ground . the two kid exchange a uncertain look and we realize that they be not professional . the telephone stop ringing . JOHN sweetheart , make sure the safety 's off before you start shoot , okay ? ella already do it , hon , thanks . the first kid drop the knife . scene 35 page 65 . first kid let 's go , cody . just give they back they shit . he throw the wallet on the ground . ella please do as he say , cody . put the ring on the wallet and get along . I will not even call the cop if you leave now . hurry along . after a moment 's hesitation , he obey , leave the ring and the cellphone . after one last disbely look the two of they move briskly away . second kid you ring suck anyway . first kid and you wallet 's full of bullshit . as they get into they car , John shout after they : JOHN you fella should consider evening class . get you diploma ! turn thing around . be not too late ! the plymouth peel away . there 's a moment of silence . ella still have the shotgun point . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good thing we have the gun . I be afraid we would leave it at home . ella I think we might need it . now - I need a canadian . could you get it from the fridge please ? John obey . ella take the opportunity to remove the shell from the gun and throw they as far as she can into the surround field . intercut - int . camper / ext . college campus - day 36 a tow truck pull the Leisure seeker through a vast flat rural landscape . scene 36 page 66 . on board the camper , John and ella sit cheerfully . they celebrate the success of they misadventure by pass a bottle of canadian Club . ella 's on the phone : ella yes , darling , I know that you brother call . I do not answer because I be ... hold up . John smile - he appreciate the pun . Jane speak on she cell phone while stride across the campus of the college where she teach . she juggle the phone and she paper-stuffed shoulder bag . jane we be really worried , mother . will 's get desperate . I be go to see he now . ella you brother be a nervous nelly . it 's nice of you to stay near he . tell he that you father and I be have a grand old time . Jane 's a bit amused by she mother 's response . jane so where be you , Mom ? ella darling , I wish you could see the sky here . jane okay , I get it , you be not go to tell I . how 's dad ? ella shoot a look at she husband , who 's take a big sip of canadian Club . ella full of bean . oh , he still have he moment . but he 's do well and he 's drive , which be a miracle . would you like to speak with he ? ella pass the phone to she husband . ella ( cont 'd ) it 's Jane - she want to speak with you . scene 36 page 67 . JOHN who be it ? ella you daughter ! take it . John take the phone and cheerfully shout : JOHN hey , pumpkin ! how be you ? Jane be so move that she be force into a moment 's silence . jane I do not think you have call I that since I be eight , daddy . she stop in she track . floor by she father 's word . jane ( cont 'd ) you be be careful , right ? JOHN you have be so much in my head this day , little one . do you have any idea how proud I be of you . I bet you be make a big splash at you college . it 's not for nothing you be name Spencer . jane yes , daddy . JOHN I love you , pumpkin . we 'il see you soon ... he pass the phone hastily to he wife . ella Jane ? jane Mom . ella I love you , too . jane I too , Mom . you make sure you come home , okay ? 37 scene 36 page 68. ella kiss the kid for I . and tell you brother we have speak . a choke - up Jane can hardly speak . jane I 'il be sure to do that , Mom . ella hang up . she , too , have misty eye . she say to John : ella hey , do not finish all the canadian . she snatch it from he hand . int . will 's garage - day 37 jane leave they alone . they be have fun . she say this to will , who shake he head . they be sit on a zebra-stripe sofa in he garage ‘office . 's will lady and gentleman , allow I to introduce Jane the all -Know . watch she explain everything to poor will . who do not know Jack shit . jane ( smile , sigh ) what the hell be you talk about ? I be just tell you that there 's nothing we can do to stop they . it 's she right to refuse treatment . we both know how little good it be now , anyway . will I know that it 's better than wander around god- know - where in a creaky camper . but you know best , I guess , because you talk to dad , and you two be thick - as-thieve , even when he do not even remember who we be . scene 37 page 69 . jane I do not understand why you be make this so personal , will ... will because you live two hour away and phone once a week and come on weekend for lunch that be cook by I . what do you know about spend long afternoon with dad when he do not say a single thing that make sense ? do you know what Mom say when she get sick and I have to run there in the middle of the night ? you know what she say when I get there ? do not call Jane . she 's busy . jane you have be tell this story about how I be daddy 's girl for year . it 's bullshit , will . will maybe it be . but it 's the only story I have get . jane they be just do what they have do they whole life . stay together , the two of they . Jane want to hug he , but will back away in a sulk . will there 's so much love between they that they forget about we . both of we . jane oh will .. Jane sigh at the sight of she brother 's fragility . will so you know what happen , when be it , last year ? I open they bedroom door and she be on the bed and he be kneel in front of she and ... I can not even say it . jane ( smile ) dad be muff diving ? yodell in the canyon ? scene 37 page 70 . will ( shiver ) I want to vomit . jane ( laugh ) why ? I hope it happen to I when I be they age . will bury he head in he hand . will God , what a think . Jane be strike by a melancholy think about she life . jane though I kinda doubt it . for year now , with Philip and I , it 's one quick kiss and goodnight . 38 int . camper , moving / ext . political rally , florida - day 38 the flat tire have be repair and the Leisure seeker be back on the road . ella continue to write on the pad of paper rest on she knee . but she raise she eye because the camper suddenly slow down : the road be fill with participant in a Republican election rally . JOHN Houston , we have a problem . ella just pull over . we can wait . hemingway be not go anywhere . there be red hat that read ' make america great again ; 's t- shirt and banner with the grin face of the Republican candidate . people be yelling slogans John be force to pull over . JOHN wanta go see . ella what 's to see ? you know who this people be . scene 38 page 71 . JOHN I want to have a look - John be out of the vehicle in a instant , and ella 's too tired to chase after he . all she can do be yell : ella do not go far ! John turn and give she a ok sign , smile . and then he ask someone what 's go on . CUT to : a little later , John wear a ' make America great again 's hat , drink beer and toast rabid supporter as they shout slogan like : republican supporter - the only good terrorist be a dead terrorist . - this land be we land ! - no more Muslims ! Ban they all ! - build a wall too tall for mexican ! each of this slogan be greet by a joyous ' yes ! , 's which John echoe with real conviction , as if it be a funny game he do not understand . this carry on until a hand grab he arm to pull he away : ella John , please , come with I . JOHN but this be so much fun ! ella yes , I know , but it 's better that you come with I now . we be gonna get a parking ticket . as she begin to drag he away , John shout : JOHN see you later , everybody ! make America great again ! that gather nearby raise they beer bottle to toast John . CUT to : scene 38 page 72 . John and ella be once again in the camper . they be leave ; the road be once again passable . ella John , they be Republicans . JOHN ( nodd agreement ) uh-huh ... ella you have vote Democrat you whole life . you volunteer for walter mondale . do not you remember how mad you get when I talk about voting for Reagan ? JOHN ray-gun ... ha , that 's funny - ella do not you remember he ? JOHN ( think , then nod ) sure , I remember . ella that 's not true . you do not have the slight idea . who be I ? John 's mouth fall open . he smile and look at she but she name be not come to he . 39 scene 38 page 73. ella ( cont 'd ) ( patiently ) think , John . you know my name very well . it start with - there be a pause and then John look at she suggest - JOHN l? ella right . ell . go on . it 's on the tip of John 's tongue . JOHN lillian ! ella sweet Jesus , now you think I be lillian ? lillian be we next door neighbor . I be you wife . l? LA ? JOHN ella . my darling ella . Excuse I . oh , wow , my poor head . ella continue to stare at he , try to understand what 's go on inside he head . ext . campsite , near daytona - night 39 the projector 's carousel turn . all the slide be of Jane and will : swim in the ocean , stuff cake into they mouth at a birthday party , trick -or - treating , roll in pile of rake leave , pose rigidly by the fireplace , sit on Santa 's lap at a shopping center , close - up portrait ... ella and John be once again seat outside the Leisure seeker like they be at a cinema . there be no other camper around , only the deep coniferous wood that surround the camp . John eat a sandwich , while ella swallow a blue painkiller . there 's no commentary from she this time , no narration . she 's not in a good way . and then John open he mouth : JOHN look how cute Jane be ! ella smile and nod yes , happy that John be enthusiastic . next come a photo of will sit on the shoulder of a tall , handsome man with a intelligent expression . scene 39 page 74 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hey , look - that 's Jim ! but then he expression darken . he ask ella : JOHN ( cont 'd ) how 's Jim this day ? ella Jim pass , hon . last July . we go to see he at that human warehouse where he spend he last two year , remember ? ( she sigh ) unfortunately , he do not recognize we . John think , try to remember . he murmur : JOHN that 's terrible . poor Jim . ella watch he , try to read he thought . and then John look at she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) promise I something . ella what ? JOHN if you love I , when the time come , put the shotgun in my hand , put my finger on the trigger , remind I what I want to do , kiss I and walk away . it 's like mud season in Massachusetts . messy but necessary . ella reach out and firmly grip she husband 's hand . she press the button to continue the show , but the carousel be at its end . White light almost blind they . John instinctively pull out the power cord to kill the painful light , leave they in near-darkness . ella John , what have you do ? put it back in . JOHN I can not find the outlet . scene 39 page 75 . and then they hear what sound like a animal in the bush . ella what 's that ? JOHN unlikely it 's a alligator . he would be on we by now . ella oh my god - a alligator ? JOHN let 's get the gun . ella rise . ella let 's go inside . muttering to herself . ella ( cont 'd ) we do not have any shell ... she head toward the camper , but she trip and take a dive . JOHN ella ? ella help I , John . I think I have pull something in my back . I be down here on the ground . help I get up . JOHN oh shit ! John approach ella and extend he hand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) give I you hand . ella John , I can not do it like that . JOHN give I you hand . ella grab John 's hand . he try to pull she up , but he lose he balance and fall on top of she . they remain like this , on the ground , a situation comic and dire at the same time . scene 39 page 76 . ella get up ! you be crush I . JOHN I hurt my arm . ella so what ? get off ! John gather all he strength and manage to roll off she . now they be side - by-side on the ground , with no strength leave . they look at one another . ella ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? JOHN what be we do on the ground ? ella I fall ! do not you even remember ? you try to help I and you fall , too . JOHN oh , shit . ella we need to try to reach the camper . can you move ? JOHN nope . can not do it . ella do not lose heart . she begin to crawl toward the vehicle . the stone hurt ; she 's soon cover in mud and dirt . but gradually she approach the step . she grab on and try to pull herself up , but fail . ella I can not do it . get up and get over here and help I . John do not respond . ella ( cont 'd ) John ? nothing . and so she make another effort . she plant a elbow on the ground and cling to the step with she free hand so she can turn around and rest she back against the step . now at least she 's sit up . she look at John . she can not believe it - he 's asleep , right there on the ground . scene 39 page 77 . snore , as if tuck snugly in he bed . she begin to pick up pebble and toss they at he until the snore stop . John stir and then , after a direct hit , angrily say : JOHN be you crazy ? what be you try to do , stone I to death ? ella I hurt my back . you need to get over here and help I up . I can not do it on my own . he pull himself up - it seem as if that quick nap have help he recover . but instead of go over to help ella , he approach the projector . JOHN hey , the projector 's unplugge ... ella scream at he at the top of she lung . ella JOHN ! move you ass and help I ! finally , John get up and go to she . she hold out she arm when he lean over , but he do not even see she . instead , he lower himself even further , toward she shoe . ella ( cont 'd ) what on earth be you do ? JOHN you shoe be untied . he begin to tie she shoe with care . ella thank you , John . JOHN with everything you do for I ? this be nothing - he get up and kiss she on the mouth . and then he begin to gently wipe the dirt off she face . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be all dirty . he give she a gentle pat . scene 39 page 78 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what would I be without you ? you want to know ? nothing . ella do not exaggerate . sure , lately you have need my help , but ... John smile sweetly , shaking he head no . JOHN it 's be this way we whole life . without you I could not have do anything , my darling , darling little one . my goodness , look how sexy you be - ella have to swallow back the lump rise in she throat . John have always be affectionate , but only in he brusque , dry manner . he 's never use a endearment like that with she . in order not to be overwhelm by emotion , she wave she arm , as if it 's a big joke . ella how about a little pick -me-up ? JOHN that sound like a excellent idea . this time he grab she beneath she arm and , just like that , they be both on they foot again . he help she slowly climb the ladder . int . camper , daytona - sunrise 40 ella be sleep , but a noise inside the van disturb she and she open she eye . John be not beside she . she look at the time on the electronic alarm clock , then lift the curtain . outside , the chair and table be miss . ella John ? what 's the big rush to go ? she pull herself up with great difficulty . ella ( cont 'd ) I could have use a little more sleep . John ? oh my god. her eye widen . she 's confront with a unlikely sight : John be point the shotgun at she . he 's already dress and have a deeply serious expression . scene 40 page 79 . JOHN it 's the moment of truth , ella ... ella for heaven 's sake , what be this ? JOHN take I to he . now. ella to who ? JOHN to whom . to dan. Dan coleman . I need to look he straight in the eye . ella 's not worried about the gun - she know it 's empty . ella John , for God 's sake . JOHN I be not go to wait for some snowy night for you to finally confess everything as you look out the window at the snow fall faintly through the universe - ella pull herself up impatiently . ella I be get so sick of this nonsense . JOHN he be always there for you . Dan ! I be only ever second - best . John 's word come as a revelation that make ella shudder : she feel compassion for he , but also anger . ella how dare you point a gun at I ! JOHN take I to he . scene 40 page 80 . ella leap to she foot . ella I have have enough ! I be sorry you have be think this all this year but ... you want to see Dan coleman ? Fine ! she grab she cell phone from she bag . JOHN what be you do ? ella I be go to find out where the hell Dan be - even if he 's in he grave - and take you to he . JOHN you will ? finally ! she dial a number and then look at he as she put the phone to she ear . ella well , do not just stand there . start the damned engine . JOHN oh , I will ! 4l ext . residential care CENTER , daytona - day 41 the camper arrive at the entrance of a residential care center for the elderly . ella ( speak with John ) you can not go in there with a gun ! JOHN I be go in as I see fit . ella Fine . take it . a hundred cop will show up and probably kill we both . 42 int . reception and corridor , residential care CENTER , daytgna - day . a African - american receptionist raise she eye from a computer screen . scene 42 page 80a . CENTER receptionist May I help you ? scene 42 page 81. ella we would like to see Daniel coleman , please . I believe he 's a resident here ? ella force a reassure smile . John frown , and there 's a strange bulge in the leave side of he jacket . CENTER receptionist Daniel coleman ? ella exactly . CENTER receptionist be you on the list ? ella we be old friend . we be just pass by . CENTER receptionist one moment , please . ella you be very kind . the receptionist rise from she post and enter a office . ella 's force smile become a worried grimace when she realize that John have begin to walk down the corridor on he own , he pace lopsided due to what 's hide in he jacket . she walk behind he . ella ( cont 'd ) hey , she say to wait . John do not answer . he open the first of a long series of door along the corridor and look inside : there 's a emaciate old man seat at a table , peel a apple . JOHN be that you , coleman ? the old man give he a strange look . ella reach john. ella I be sorry , we seem to have the wrong room . old man who you look for ? 43 scene 42 page 82. ella we do not want to disturb you ... but John will not be deny . JOHN Daniel coleman . you know he ? which room be he ? int . dan 's room , residential care CENTER , daytona - day . 43 another room , where Old man 2 , glass perch on he ruddy nose , lie in bed listen to : a happy song on the radio ( magic moment ) .-. and another man , see from behind , seat in a wheelchair , seem mesmerize by something outside the window . the door open and John peer inside , follow by ella . JOHN finally , we find you ! both old man turn . we can now see the face of the one seat in the wheelchair : he 's a skinny black guy in he eighty with oxygen tube stick in he nostril . John point the shotgun toward the man on the bed , who raise he hand . ella try to hold John back , but it 's too late : JOHN ( cont 'd ) I have always want to see you face , Dan coleman . Old man 2 respond , he hand in the air . old man 2 but I be not dan. the black man have he hand raise as well . John , get disorient , look at he . dan who the hell be you people ? ella it 's ella . ella carson . do you remember I ? scene 43 page 83 . dan ella ? who the hell be ella ? what do you want from I ? ( shout ) nurse ! help ! ella shush he . John 's not understanding any of this . JOHN where 's Daniel coleman ? dan that 's I . but who the hell be you ? meanwhile , Old man 2 look terrify , he hand still raise . John look at ella in confusion : JOHN that 's he ? but ella be now grip by another think . she continue to speak to Dan . ella do you really not remember I ? this be my husband John Spencer . John continue to point he gun at Dan as he incongruously say : JOHN Nice to meet you . Dan stare at he , convinced he 's deal with two lunatic . as if to confirm this : JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you wear boxer ? dan what ? JOHN do you wear boxer or brief ? ella this be what you want to know ? dan what the hell be he say ? scene 43 page 84 . JOHN ( to ella ) I want to understand where this fixation with boxer come from . ella all right , then - ask away . JOHN do you wear boxer or brief ? Dan lower he hand . this be crazy . meanwhile , on the radio : perry como continue to sing ' magic moment 's dan I wear diaper . ( to ella ) ella who ? I do not remember any ella . ella you do not remember I ? shoot this son of a bitch , John . the door open . the very worried Center receptionist and a nurse peer inside . ella ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) John , put that thing away . the receptionist and the nurse throw open the door . nurse what 's go on here ? JOHN he do not remember my wife . ella grab the gun from John and tell the two newcomer : ella do not worry , it 's empty . JOHN it be ? but the woman grab John and lock the door . ella wait , he 's not dangerous - he 's a English teacher ! 44 scene 43 page 85 . the nurse brusquely grab the gun from ella 's hand . dan ( to ella ) but who the hell be you ? ella who ? ext . residential care CENTER , daytona - day 44 ella and John be lead to the camper by the receptionist , the nurse , a male member of staff and a man with the uniform of security guard , who return the gun to John . nurse next time you come to visit you friend , do it without this , even if it be empty . CENTER receptionist just be grateful we do not call the police . ella you have be very understanding . member of staff we be think that perhaps the two of you might need a little rest . no offense intend . he show ella a brochure describe the facility 's amenity . member of staff ( cont ’d ) this contain a list of all the insurance we accept . we will call you child so they can come tour the facility ... ella that 's very nice of you . we ’l1l think about it . member of staff but be you sure you want to be travel around on you own ? it 's nice here . ask dan. the receptionist be get embarrassed at she colleague 's insistence . receptionist come on , Brian ... 45 scene 44 page 86 . John , meanwhile , have help ella climb the step . he then get behind the wheel . the Leisure seeker lurch away as the other watch with amaze , amused and worried expression . ext . camper , moving , florida - day 45 while drive the camper , John stroke ella 's hand . JOHN why be you so sad ? ella I be just a little tired . she mask a grimace , then throw down another painkiller . ella ( cont 'd ) but yes , I be also angry . at you , mostly , but also at Dan . JOHN Dan ? Dan who ? ella oh , for Christ 's sake ! JOHN oh right . the guy who be not in Savannah any more . after a long silence . JOHN ( cont 'd ) he be black ? ella look at he , then start to laugh . John laugh , too , perhaps without even know why . ella he be a little more charismatic than this at the time . the camper now pass by a Democratic rally . we might even glimpse hillary speak ; a echo of she speech reach they . amplified voice of hillary but the spencer be not interested . ella have stop laugh ; she expression be darken by suffer . she 's really tired and hurt . 46 scene 45 page 87 . ella ( cont 'd ) John ? JOHN what ? ella let 's sleep in a real bed tonight . int . radisson HOTEL , cape canaveral - night 46 in the reception area of a high - end radisson , ella approach the reception desk while John look around with cheerful curiosity . the HOTEL receptionist welcome they with a ceremonious tone . HOTEL receptionist good evening , mar ’am . how might I assist you ? ella good evening . could we have a nice room that 's ... ( hesitates ) economical ? HOTEL receptionist I be afraid there 's not much leave . ( check he computer ) half the state seem to be here to watch hillary . we do have a standard double with twin bed . ella oh , no , we can not be separate . HOTEL receptionist in that case we have the deluxe suite , which have two king , but that 's ... ella we will take it . HOTEL receptionist «+. that 's normally five hundred dollar a night ... but I can let you have it for three - twenty , plus tax . 47 scene 46 page 88. ella heavens , we do not want to buy it , just spend the night . the receptionist hesitates before burst into laughter . she hand he the credit card . ella ( cont 'd ) we have never spend that much on a hotel room in my whole life . the receptionist pretend not to have hear she as he hand she the room key card . HOTEL receptionist you be in 723 . artie will show you . do you have luggage ? int . radisson HOTEL , suite - night 47 the room 's light come on . artie carry the bag ella have pack for the night , while the two guest take in they luxury room . it be new and huge , decorate in beige and gold tone . there 's a lounge beyond the bedroom . artie I hope this will be to you like . there 's a minibar . you also have a dvd player and a stereo . and in here 's the master bedroom ... artie put they bag into the master bedroom . JOHN it 's a beautiful room . can we afford it ? ella ( embarrassed ) what be you say , John ? of course we can afford it . she rummages through she purse to get a tip , but artie wave she off . artie enjoy you stay . he leave . ella immediately turn on the stereo , look for a song she like , and find : ' don ’t leave I this way 's by thelma houston 48 scene 47 page 89 . ella and now a little something to help we sleep . ella open the minibar and find a bottle of champagne . she remove it . ella ( cont 'd ) what do you say , John ? I think we have earn it . she give the bottle to John , who whistle when he see it . ella get two glass . John open the bottle , pour champagne . they toast , while : ' don ’t leave I this way '' continue and then they kiss . John make she do a pirouette ; ella , laugh , try to escape . but John insist . she do a pirouette , then another . JOHN come on , darling , boogie with I . and then she collapse in he arm , lean forward and vomit . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ella ... ella oh my God , I have ruin the carpet . in shock , she start to clean it with she blouse , but John lift she up and gently wipe she mouth with he handkerchief . and all the while : '' don ’t leave I this way '' continue int . radisson HOTEL , suite and corridor - day 48 the follow morning ella wake to the voice of John mumble from afar . she check the clock : it 's late . ella hon ? scene 48 page 90 . she get up and find John in the luxurious bathroom , where , already wash and dress , he 's comb he hair in front of the mirror as he describe santiago of the Old man and the Sea . JOHN ' the old man be thin and gaunt and have deep wrinkle in he neck . the brown blotches of the benevolent skin cancer the sun bring from its reflection on the tropic sea be on he cheek . the blotches run well down the side of he face and he hand have the deep - crease scar from handle heavy fish on the cord . but none of this scar be fresh . they be as old as erosion in a fishless desert . 's ella stand there , watch . when he realize she 's there : JOHN ( cont 'd ) good morning , honey , you sleep well ? ella like a rock . when 's the last time I sleep this late ? JOHN okay , I be off , I will be back at the usual time ... ella where be you go ? he kiss she , exit the room and head down the corridor . ella follow he in confusion . she stop at the door , watch as he wave goodbye . but after a few step he freeze , lose . he turn to she : JOHN but this be not we house . ella no . JOHN where be we ? ella in a good place . 49 scene 48 page 91 . JOHN this good place have tea ? ella I be think the same thing . int . radisson HOTEL , breakfast room - day 49 ella walk back to the table with a tray of croissant . she find John have buttonhole a young waitress , who listen with a polite smile . JOHN santiago be the perfect character . he achieve the inner spiritual success that define hemingway 's ' true man’ . to be defeat but not destroy . when we get to the end of the story hemingway 's watch the old man lie there , sound asleep , the skeleton of he great fish still on he line , and he write ... young waitress '' the old man be dream about lion '' . JOHN ( over the moon with delight at discover a kindre soul ) you know it ! ella Excuse I , can I have a clean spoon ? young waitress I write my honors thesis on Old man and the Sea . ella I love the movie with Spencer Tracy . what a impressive man . young waitress hemingway 's house be in Key West . JOHN ( thrilled ) that 's where we be go ! + HH HH hk scene 49 page 91a . young waitress I have always want to go there . JOHN I too . young waitress there 's a quote of William faulkner 's where he say hemingway be '' one of the bravest and the best '' - JOHN terject ) and add on to that for I : '' one of the purest '' ! scene 49 page 92 . young waitress oh , I totally agree . ella I be sure you do . now how about that spoon ? 50 ext . camper , moving , palm beach - day 50 the Leisure seeker travel down a coastal road line with palm tree . Palm Beach 's skyline serve as backdrop . ella 's sick ; she cannot stop herself from grimace . John notice what 's happen . he pull to the side of the road . ella do not stop , John . let 's find a campsite . 51 int . camper , at campsite near palm beach - night 51 later , after set they up , John help ella into bed in the camper . he take off she shoe . ella I be sorry , but I really do need to lie down . if you be hungry , there 's some cheese in the fridge . John do not answer - he 's too focus on be attentive . finally , ella 's lie comfortably . John ask , tenderly : JOHN you better now , lillian ? scene 51 page 93 . ella look at he , strike by the fact that John call she that name once again . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I will not go home quite yet . do not fret , I will not leave you alone until you be okay . a inspire think cross ella 's mind . she decide to be lillian : ella where 's ella now ? JOHN ella ? ella 's at home . ella at home ? JOHN uh-huh . baby 's take its toll . I should be there . good God . I be not right . I better go to she . ella 's try hard to stay calm . she swallow back she pride and continue . ella wait . do ella know about we ? JOHN you know she do not . I mean , I could not bear it if ella know . neither could you . it have break she heart . mine , too . I be so selfish - the question have stir John up . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ella must never know ! never . we have to stop this , lillian . ella experience a pang to the heart and can barely hold back she tear . but she need to know everything . ella yes , we must stop . it 's go on a long time . JOHN too long , I guess , yes ... scene 51 page 94 . ella how long be too long ? John sigh as he think back . JOHN we say it have be only the once and it 's be nearly two year now - ella but do you love I ? John shake he head and look at she sadly . JOHN lillian , we have talk about this and you agree . we be wonderful friend . the best , but I love ella . we be expect another baby . ella collapse back on the pillow . she 's desperate now . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ella 's the love of my life , she 's everything to I . we have another baby on the way , for god 's sake . ella know that she 's hearing a great declaration of love , but she 's too angry to care . John extend he arm . deeply move , he say : JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , but goodbye , dear lillian goodbye - he leave the camper with a bow head . ella rise cursing from the bed . ella Son of a bitch ! where be you go ? get back here ! come here so I can kill you ! as she scream she grab object , dish , anything at hand , throw it all on the ground . John , hearing the commotion , rush back in . JOHN ella , what 's happen ? ella oh , so now I be ella again ? damn you ! scene 51 page 95 . she begin to strike he with all she remain strength . JOHN ( protect himself ) what be you do ? why be you so mad ? what 's happen ? ella dial a number , call someone at reception . ella good evening , I be call from space 37 . could you please send a taxi here a.s.a.p ? thank you . she hang up in a fury . John watch she blankly as she begin to pack a bag , fill it with he clothes . JOHN ( disorient ) ella , what be you do ? ella quiet , fool . we trip end here . as usual , when she turn on she phone , someone call . ella grab it and shout : ella ( cont 'd ) will - what the hell do you want ? just leave I alone ! and then she turn off she phone . ext . campsite near palm beach - night 52 a taxi approach the Leisure seeker . a confuse John stand in front of it . cabbie you call a cab ? ella answer as she descend the motor home 's step drag a bag . ella do you see any other customer wait around ? she show the bag to John . ella ( cont 'd ) here be all you thing . night , shirt , sock , you damned brief ... scene 52 page 95a . JOHN what 's happen , ella ? ella do not respond . she turn to the taxi driver . scene 52 page 96 . ella please help I load my husband and he stupid bag . the intimidate cabbie get out and obey . he carefully put the bag in the trunk . ella , brusque and furious , open the back door of the taxi . ella ( cont 'd ) ( to John ) get in , imbecile . JOHN why be you so mad , ella ? ella mad ? I ? I be not mad at all . on the contrary - I be relieved . happy as a clam ! she tell the cabbie , who be back behind the wheel : ella ( cont 'd ) take we to a old folk 's home . the crummiest you can find . int . residential care CENTER , palm beach - night . 53 ella put the bag and John 's wallet on the reception counter in front of a puzzle clerk . John look around , baffle . JOHN this be not where we live . ella no it be not . we be at a place where they keep old fool like you . ( to the clerk ) put he a room , please . JOHN ella , why be you so irritable ? the clerk , very calmly , as if she 's speak to a baby , address ella . clerk ma’am , we cannot accept new patient without follow establish guideline . scene 53 page 97 . ella establish they , then . clerk you can come tomorrow morning at 9:30 to the intake office . if the gentleman fall within the require parameter he will be put ona wait list . at present , this run about ten month . ella remove document and credit card from John 's wallet , act as if the clerk have not even be speak . ella that sound more like you problem than mine . here 's everything you will need . money , credit card , document . and this photo ... she put down a photo from a insurance company advertisement that depict three smile generation of a family . ella ( cont 'd ) he cut it out of a magazine . he think this be we , that this be he family ! he carry it around in he wallet ! do you understand now who you be deal with ? all right , I be tired and you have thing to do . he 's all yours . good night . ella turn she back before the clerk have time to respond : ella ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , John . and she move off quickly , head toward the wait taxi . clerk ( to John ) she must realize that you can not stay here . JOHN at time she seem like a wounded buffalo , I know . be you familiar with ' the short happy life of Francis macomber ? 's ( muttere ) his wife get he in the back of the neck with a 6.5 mannlicher . woman with gun ... 54 scene 53 page 98 . clerk what do we do ? call the police ? she 's address the head nurse , who be look over the document leave on the counter . head nurse I doubt they have take he . intercut - int . camper / int . ella 's and JOHN be house - nigh . ella sit on the double bed in the open dining area . the slide projector 's on she knee . she 's obsessively view slide project small and crooked on the camper 's wall , pluck they angrily from container . she 's look for lillian , toss any that do not picture she in a messy pile . ella there you be , bitch . she speak directly to lillian , picture smile sweetly in a 70 miniskirt . ella ( cont 'd ) look at you , with you thigh on display . come into my house all slutty . she choose another photo , this one of a barbecue in the garden . lillian have downcast eye and a downcast expression . John 's back be to she as he grill hamburger . ella come closer to better see lillian 's face . ella ( cont 'd ) but look at this face . be you suffer , bitch ? what about I , the woman who so happily take you photograph ? ella scour the picture , look at the back of John 's pants . she address he : ella ( cont 'd ) I buy you that pants . and you take they off for lillian , you pig . angry tear come to she eye . she take a sip from the bottle of canadian Club at she side , then change the photo . there 's no lillian - she throw it on the pile . she find one that depict Jane at the age of four , watch lillian from below with a serious look . scene 54 page 99 . ella ( cont 'd ) ( indignant ) Jane ! you know ! and you never say a word ! she fumble through she bag , remove she phone and pound out a number . in the guest bedroom , Jane wake up with a start . her husband philip give she a worried look : philip be it they ? jane yes , it 's Mom ! hello ? in the camper , ella speak to she daughter with a voice that alternate between outrage and near-tear . ella you father fool I all we life and you know it . jane Mom , what 's happen ? where be you ? ella you never say a word . always on he side ! Professor my ass . in_ she bedroom , Jane give she husband a terrify look . jane mother , you be rave ! I be at you house with Philip and will - we be all here , wait for you . where be you ? let we come get you . in the camper , ella be a whirlwind of recrimination , unstoppable , maybe even drunk . ella I be alone . I get rid of you father and I be come back home . or maybe , I be go to the seaside . I do not ever want to see he again . jane ( distress ) Mom - where 's dad ? scene 54 page 100 . ella I be finally free of that horrible creature who ruin my life . I do not give a damn about hemingway or melville or that little pedantic lesson that always make I feel like a idiot ! Jane try to interject . jane Mom ... ella the liar ! what do you read in all that book ? just lie ! jane Mom ! ella he lie he whole life ! and I bet he 's pretend to be senile , too . he 's just a impostor ! jane ( raise she voice ) Mom ! calm down and answer I ! where 's dad ? you do not leave he on he own , do you ? ella never think you have have a vindictive mother , do you ? you see what I have become ? it 's all he fault . and yours ! who do you think you be , you two ? go to hell ! before Jane can interrupt again , ella hang up . she clutches she head in she hand . she sob . in a burst of anger , she rip off the wig , expose she little bird - like head . her daughter try to call she back : the telephone ring but ella turn it off and slam it on the bed . she throw herself down , then pull herself up , almost out of breath . she take another sip of canadian Club , swallow two blue pill , throw herself back down . she turn out the light . but she 's still wide - eye . scene 55 page 101 . intercut - int . residential care CENTER / int . ella 's and 55 JOHN 's house - night . John sit in a chair in the wait room . they have place he in front of a television to keep he happy while the clerk and head nurse discuss this absurd situation . clerk maybe we should look for he child online ? we could explain the situation to they . head nurse I hope they be not like he wife . crazy woman . they stop , because a taxi have pull up in front of the entrance , carry ella . she get out with she cell - phone press to she ear . ella you be right , Jane darling . I be sorry . I be sorry ! she keep the phone to she ear as she enter the lobby . ella ( cont 'd ) I just do not know what come over I . maybe it be my med . everything 's fine , darling . daddy 's okay . no , I be only joke . I would never abandon he . now , can you do I a favor ? now Jane be in she parent 's live room with will and Philip , all of they in pajamas . scene 55 page 102 . jane ( hesitant ) a favor ? ella 's in the wait room . she step up behind John . she look at he , though he 's unaware of she presence . ella go to lillian and tell she something . jane Mom , lillian 's ... ella tell she she 's the dirtiest whore on earth . jane ( dumbfounded ) what do you say ? Jane , now in they parent 's kitchen , raise she eye to lillian , who be also there , next to will . lillian wear a sweater over she nightgown . after the first phone call earlier that night they have organize a crisis team . while Jane 's be leave speechless , ella , in the wait room , add : ella no , in the universe . the biggest whore in the whole universe . ella hang up the phone and approach the reception . the head nurse and clerk watch she in astonishment . ella ( cont 'd ) where 's my husband ? the clerk point to the adjoin wait room . while in the kitchen will ask : will so what 's happen ? Jane watch lillian and stutter : jane nothing . everything 's fine . lillian but where be they ? scene 55 page 103 . jane I have no idea , but Mom seem very ... energize . and she send she love to you , lillian . lillian be not that sweet ... ella see John in the wait room , quietly watch a basketball game on the tv with some other patient . ella 's still upset , but she anger have give way to bitterness . she touch John 's shoulder . he turn and smile as if nothing have happen . JOHN hi , darling ella . ella I understand everything . that night you come home - remember ? I smell of wax , or be it oil ? vinegar ? ddt ? I be clean the floor . all hot and sweaty . Seven month pregnant . JOHN ( bewilder ) what ? the employee have reach they and be cautiously try to intervene : clerk ma ’am ? be everything all right ? can we call someone to come get you ? ella be offended . ella can not you see that I be speak with my husband ? the head nurse exchange a look with the clerk , who seem even more frighten . ella turn to John and continue . ella ( cont 'd ) you do not say anything , but you get down on all four to help . then , while I be take a bath , you get in the tub with I . ( more ) scene 55 page 104 . ella ( cont 'd ) I do not know anything , but I sense you be back . and although I know nothing , I forgive you . who know how much John understand . he kiss she hand . then he gesture to the man who sit watch the game in the chair next to he . JOHN this chap like the bull . Raymond Chandler be a bull fan . hemingway love bull . but that be in Spain . the clerk talk to they as if they be spoiled child : clerk you really should be go . it 's Mr. davidson 's bedtime . ella take John by the hand and pull he up : ella do not worry . I be not leave my husband in this dump to be treat like a fool . come on John . John get up nimbly , and when he see ella walk with difficulty , he take she arm . JOHN lean on I , sweetheart . ella and now I have to forgive you all over again . 48 year later . John understand nothing of what she 's say , but seem to sense she conciliatory tone . JOHN thank you , ella . ella I do not know if I be a bitch or you be a son of a bitch . John stop for a second , think about it . JOHN I guess anything 's possible . scene 55 page 105 . and out they go through the glass door : he 's vacant but strong , she 's crippled but lucid . the two of they form one whole person . int . camper , moving down the overseas highway - day 56 the Leisure seeker seem to skip the surface of the water as it follow the overseas highway through the key . John drive while ella be stick to he like a Band - Aid . John struggle to maneuver , but ella do not relax she embrace . ella could you pull over , John ? JOHN why ? ella let 's get down to look . JOHN do you think a guy can get a burger up here ? ella lose she patience immediately . ella John , pull this camper over immediately . I want to get out and look . John obey . ella open the door and get down . she walk to the edge of the bridge , suspend between water and sky . John reach she after a moment . she hear he come but do not turn around . she speak as she take in nature 's sublimity : ella ( cont 'd ) look , John . it 's so beautiful . John look around in bewilderment . JOHN be we there ? ella almost . JOHN be this heaven ? ella maybe . 57 58 scene 56 page 106 . JOHN do you think a guy can get a burger up here ? ext . key west campsite — day 57 John and ella have hook up the Leisure seeker in a campsite and , along with other guest , board a shuttle . John wait on a bench with other guest to board a shuttle . he continue to read he new favorite book , '' nature pop -up land life . '' he point out the pop - up animal to a bemuse texan with a cowboy hat sit next to he . JOHN ( point to lion ) hemingway shot one of this . ( point to giraffe ) but not one of this . as he speak , ella step up behind he . she watch she husband in despair . his brilliant mind have be reduce to this . texan ( helpless ) there 's a Cuban restaurant down the street from hemingway 's house . good grub . John , still absorb int he book , ignore he texan ( cont 'd ) ( to ella ) get the pollo y friole . you will thank I . ella grimace in disgust . she 's not feel well . int . / ext . hemingway house - day . 58 hemingway 's house be crowded with tourist . there 's the restaurant , a shop full of souvenir , tour guide who explain the same thing in the same word to different group . weird , slightly evil cat lounge everywhere , photograph by phone and post immediately on Facebook . ella be very disappointed by the place , which seem to she to be as bogus as the set of a tv show . she look at John , mortify . but John do not seem disappointed at all . in fact , he throw himself into a wedding ceremony take place in the special wedding site on the house 's grounds . he wander happily among the guest , as if they be he relative . in the drunken chaos , no one seem to mind he . they be from Miami , a mixture of anglos and latino ; they make a real racket . John toast stranger ; eh HH HH % scene 58 page 106a . he even join the group photo . ella descend the porch stair and try to take he by the arm , to get he out of there . ella enough of this farce , John . no one will believe this . JOHN but ella - Gary and marisol be get marry ! scene 58 page 107 . there 's a large banner in which the name be interwoven in a heart . ella 's not nervous , she 's afflict with pain . ella I be sorry . you have want to come for so many year . and look at it . but John be no longer hearing she . he 's draw to the bride and she bridesmaid , who have line up to dance , they white dress glow against the deep green lawn . someone put on : cuban salsa timba dance music the girl in white begin to dance deliriously , all together , as if possess . John watch this ecstacy , and there 's a hint of the dance in he own foot . ella , meanwhile , be stricken by a wave of nausea . she soundlessly call out . John do not hear she , he do not notice . ella go in search of a bathroom to throw up . she 's giddy and sweat . she can not reach the toilet - she 's grip by a dizzy spell that send she to the ground . she lose consciousness . nearby visitor call for help . visitors summon help in the garden , John be overwhelm by the song , by how the wedding guest sing together as the girl dance , like the whole thing be choreograph : in the house , paramedics load ella onto a stretcher . no one notice she little golden purse that lie on the ground just outside the bathroom door . she seem to have a glimmer of understanding as they load she on the ambulance . she realize what 's happen , that John be not with she . ella ( cont 'd ) John . my husband . she have not the strength to protest more strongly ; she voice be just a whisper . ella ( cont 'd ) leave I alone . please , I beg you . I can not go . john. leave I ... the paramedics do not hear she . as they close the ambulance door , ella be overcome by feeling of illness and exhaustion . she 's take away mumble : ella ( cont 'd ) john. john. scene 58 page 108 . work with cool efficiency , the paramedics put a oxygen mask over she mouth , then pierce a vein and insert a drip . the ambulance rush off with siren scream . John walk into the house in a daze . he look around in amazement . he gaze at hemingway 's desk , which hold a old remington , just like he back home . he study the frame photo of the great writer in the company of fidel and che ; or marlin fishing on he boat pilar . but there 's something miss . he 's lose something , but he cannot remember what it be . he approach a young female guide . JOHN Excuse I . guide yes , sir . JOHN I be look for ... guide look for ...? JOHN help I , please . the guide speak to he like he 's a child . guide be you look for the bathroom ? it 's out back by the souvenir shop . do you feel okay ? JOHN thank you , miss . you be very helpful . he follow she direction . in the hallway outside the bathroom , he see ella 's golden purse on the ground . he stop , perplex . it remind he of something . he pick it up , open it , pull out a lipstick and sniff it . ext . lower keys medical CENTER - day 59 the taxi arrive at the hospital , a big modern edifice with mirrore wall . John get out with ella 's purse in hand . the taxi driver call he back . key west cabbie Excuse I - sir ? scene 59 page 109 . JOHN it say depoo Building . key west cabbie you want the emergency room entrance . now , that 'il be 35 dollar . John smile sweetly . JOHN do not worry about it . he walk away . the cabbie get out and go after he . key west cabbie hey man , do not try to pull that shit . you owe I 35 dollar . JOHN do i? okay . he open ella 's golden purse and take out the money . int . lower keys medical CENTER - day . 60 John sit in front of a couple of doctor , who be speak very seriously , as if he could possibly understand they . first doctor ... in order to figure out what be cause this symptom we do a full body cat scan . we certainly do not expect a situation as grave as what we find . second doctor the original tumor be in the colon , be not it , Mr. Spencer ? John understand that he be be question . JOHN I ... yes , uh-huh , I be John Spencer . the doctor attribute he vagueness to a state of shock . first doctor but now there 's be a bloodborne spread through the lymphatic system , attack almost all internal organ . scene 60 page 110 . second doctor to be honest , Mr. Spencer , it 's amazing that she 's even alive with she blood chemistry reading . first doctor be you really take a rv trip ? John look at they , blink , and ask : JOHN where be my wife ? CUT to : ella 's in she hospital bed , attach to a drip , monitor , half she face cover by a oxygen mask . the door open and a young cuban nurse enter with John , who have she purse in hand . ella open she eye as John approach , then open they wider in amazement . she pull away the oxygen mask . ella oh my god , John , how have you get here ? JOHN I bring you this . she kiss he on the lip , then realize that the nurse be watch from the door . ella a little privacy , please . cuban nurse oh , sorry . she close the door . ella take the purse and immediately apply some make - up to she face , use the tiny mirror . ella it 's so amazing that you find I . who help you ? JOHN let 's go . she caress John 's face , deeply move . 61 62 scene 60 page 111 . ella I do not know , hon . I do not think they be go to release I now that they have catch I . but John stubbornly pull back she cover and take she hand . he see she shoe and arrange they beneath the side of the bed , invite she to get down . he drape he jacket over the shoulder of she hospital gown . JOHN we will go , now . CUT to : they move through a crowded corridor , walk slowly , John carefully support he wife . they pass by the reception desk . ella , wear John 's jacket , be in great pain and deeply confuse . she look around , not understanding how to get out of here . she straighten she wig and , act like a visitor , stop a pass nurse : ella Excuse I , where 's the exit ? the nurse , oblivious , show the way out . int . taxi , key west - sunset 61 John and ella embrace aboard a taxi . ella I can not believe this . you be my hero . John smile innocently . ella ( cont 'd ) John ? oh my god ... John 's relaxed expression make she realize that he 's take a big , satisfy piss . a dark stain widen on he pants . ext . key west campsite - dusk 62 John , he pants wet , help ella out of the taxi at the Leisure seeker . when she can not make it up the ladder , he bend down and pick she up . scene 62 page 112 . ella what be you do ? you will give yourself a hernia . JOHN but you be so light , ella ... key west campsite - inside the camper - dusk and night 63 carefully he lower she to the bed . she 's exhaust and he 's have trouble breathe . he stand in front of the bed , he hand outstretch against the wall for balance , as he try to catch he breath . she look at he . ella you need to change , John . you clean short be in the bottom drawer . you will have to excuse I for not help . JOHN you rest . he move away from the wall . regains he balance . breathe okay , now - John take off he soak trousers , put on he night - shirt , while she take a bottle of valium from she bag . ella we both need a good nap . I have give up hope in the hospital ; I do not think I have see we Leisure seeker ever again . she 's fill a glass with many drop of tranquilizer . she hand it to John . ella ( cont 'd ) drink half of this . look at you , you do not even wash . come here . as John drink , she get some wet wipe from a packet on the nightstand . ella ( cont 'd ) come on . John obey . she lift he night shirt and clean between he thigh . something happen that make she laugh . scene 63 page 113 . ella ( cont 'd ) oh , goodness ! John smile as well , proud of he unexpected erection . he take she hand and put it on he cock . JOHN hello , sweetheart . ella ( to he cock ) well do . but you can stand down - but John think otherwise . he lift she hospital gown . he maneuver above she , on all four . he start gently to open she leg ella ( cont 'd ) ( conscious of impending pain ) what be you do ? JOHN ( total concentration ) will you hand I the ' what 's it 's there , please ella the face creme ? she reach for the tube / jar of creme on the night table . John take it and put some on he cock and on she vagina ella ( cont 'd ) I do not think I can , John . JOHN we will try . just for a second - very , very carefully he penetrate she - JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay ? be it bearable ? ella yes , darling . yes . I be okay - after a moment he stope he push into she . they pubic bone be together - scene 63 page 114 . JOHN ( quietly astound ) I be there - ella yes - there he be dead still , look down at she . he see just the faintest grimace of discomfort in she eye JOHN ( hardly breathe ) still all right ? - ella ( smile slowly ) yes . all right . they lie still , then ella start to slowly move - JOHN do not move - ella ( look at he ) you do not want to come ? JOHN no , just this - ella reach up to he face and pull he down to she lip and very gently kiss he . there be a air of ethereal bliss about they - ella I love you , John - JOHN all my life , my darling . all my life - they lie there very still feel every part of they aristophanic selve united and then , very gradually , he start to withdraw from she - ella watch he . he concentrate deliberately on he action finally , as if in slow motion , John move off she and lie beside she . he be on she right side , he right hand move between she leg and enclose she vagina - scene 63 page 115 . ella ( deeply move ) this be perfect - JOHN just perfect . thank you , my darling girl . you be very , very beautiful - they lie there , the two of they , together , a whisper of 's smile , eye close , in a state of outer - worldly wonder and peace . CUT to : when she reopen they , it 's pitch black outside . John snore . ella get up with difficulty , careful not to wake he . at the small table , she finish the letter she 's be write all trip . she fold it , write ' to Jane and will 's on the back , then leave it on the table . she downs the remain half - glass of extra-strength valium . she go to the driver 's seat and start the motor . she bend down to the floor with a deep sigh to remove the mat that cover the trap door . she rip off the tape . exhaust fume begin to spread through the cabin . she join John in bed and hug he . the fume thicken , make everything fuzzy and opalescent . a image from outside : the Leisure seeker vibrate with the engine run under a full moon . ella v/o my darling Jane and will . here 's we lawyer 's number : I have take care of everything , all the arrangement . there 's nothing for you to worry about , although I think we final Visa bill will be outrageous . we have a bit of fun there at the end . ext . key west campsite —- morning 64 the follow morning , the Texan be have breakfast with he wife . he see that the Leisure seeker 's engine be run . perplex , he go to knock on the door . then he open it . ella v/o .».- I be so sorry to hurt you like this . ( more ) scene 64 page 116 . ella v/o ( cont 'd ) I know how painful it must be . but pretty soon you be go to feel something else . relief . relief that you will not have to watch we body and we mind fade away . relief that the burden we be become have be lift from you shoulder . and you mus not feel guilty about that ... you mus not . a deeply upset Texan emerge from the Leisure seeker , call for help . other camper flock to the scene , join by campsite staff . one of they enter the camper to turn off the engine , while someone else call 911 . ella v/o ( cont 'd ) I love you father . very much . I do not have much longer , and I could not leave he alone . we be always together . and I hope we be together somewhere now . who know ? ext . boston cemetery - day . 64 the funeral 's in they home town cemetery . will be there , as be Jane , with she husband and they child : 21 year - old Rose and 19 year - old Stephen . many old friend . and lillian , who seem the saddest of all . ella v/o this be we last wonderful vacation . we have some beautiful day . it be we happy end . as they walk away , Jane keep a close eye on she brother , worried that he will not be able to handle this . will fold he mother 's letter and put it in he pocket . he 's read and re-read it many time . he catch he sister 's eye : jane how you do , kiddo ? sad ? and he , with a bittersweet smile , shake he head . he put he arm around she waist and they walk off together . the end