the time traveler' wife by Bruce Joel rubin base on the novel by audrey niffenegger revision by dana Stevens New line cinema Nick wechsler , Brad Pitt , Producers Robert schwentke , director White production draft - July 13th , 2007 black screen a woman 's clear soprano voice , sing softly , motherly , a familiar german Christmas carol : woman 's voice '' es ist ein ros entsprungen ... '' fade up on : snow , swirl , pelting out of the darkness , as we realize we be drive , a car 's headlight , the streetlight revealing : ext . suburban chicago - christmas eve 1 a camera p.o.v. on the hood of a move car , push through a slushy downpour of hard , sleety snow . we be on a small shopping street , festoon with Christmas decoration circa 1970 ; color string of light in big teardrop bulb , mod fashion in store window . woman 's voice '' und hat ein bliimlein bracht ... a boy' voice join in , try to reach she high note , cheerfully out of tune . boy 's voice '' Mitten im kalten Winter ... '' we hear the boy laugh , the woman too ... int . car - christmas eve - night 2 henry detamble , 6 year old , sit in the back seat . his mother , annette , 32 , drive . henry I can not sing . henry 's p.o.v . his mother 's eye look back at he in the rearview mirror , frame there , kind and beautiful . annette that be fine , honey . henry I can not sing like you . annette of course not . you be suppose to sing like you . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 2 . continued : 2 angle on annette , as behind they , headlight blare into the rear window , a car tailgate . henry I love you voice . annette I love yours more . just listen to you speak . she turn on she blinker , switch lane , get ready to make a right , as the other car blare by , horn honk , kick slush and mud up onto she windshield . annette ( cont 'd ) how about jingle bell ? that you can sing . they start sing . the light turn green . ext . red brick build shopping STREET -— same 3 we see annette 's car , drive off . a oversize plastic Santa wave automatically at we from the cover of a doorway . int . car — same 4 on henry , sing jingle bell with he mother , as she drive up the onramp and onto the turnpike , the interstate sign visible for a moment in she headlight . ext . turnpike - night 5 the little sedan drive on the slick highway , the asphalt totally white with snow . we can still hear they sing . a huge de- icer blast past they on the other side of a small divide rail . int . car — same 6 annette and Henry sing '' jingle bell , '' pick up the tempo as the car speed along . Mom and son exchange a warm smile , as something strange and off-kilter appear ... light , in front of they ... a bus come at they head - on . on annette , she eye widen as she brake . Henry 's forehead slam into the hard edge of the front seat . 10 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 3. ext . highway 7 the bus be careen across the divide rail . the two vehicle slide toward each other with deadly grace . the bus hit the little sedan , send it spin in circle . int . car - same 8 on henry as he see out the side window a second oncoming vehicle , behind they in they part of the highway , as they spin . henry mommy ! he hand come up to touch the gash on he forehead ... and then , we see he hand be become strangely transparent . Henry 's eye widen . on annette , look back to he ... Henry meet she eye -- he whole body seem to be fade away ... annette Henry ! on annette , confuse as the light become totally blind . her p.o.v . but Henry be go . only he clothes lie crumpled on the seat . CUT to : int . apartment —- sunny day 9 on little henry 's hand ... we see he , naked now , still look at the hand , just as he have be in the car . the gash on he forehead be bleed . he look up . he p.o.v . in front of he , at some distance , he mother be sit on the couch . she be read to a little boy , himself , tuck beside she . a man be sit with they ; richard , he father . on bleeding henry , confuse , he body start to tremble . ext . turnpike - moment later 10 tight on henry ... he stand , in the exact same posture , at the side of the turnpike . continued : 10 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 4 . continued : 10 he p.o.v . his mother 's sedan and the second car come together in a violent , deafen impact and burst into flame . Henry lurch forward , scream for he mother , but a hand reach out , grab he , and yank he back . he turn . he p.o.v . a man be stand over he . he be wear a dark overcoat , dark pants that seem too big , sloppy work boot , untied . he have a blanket in he hand , which he drape over Henry and then pull he close . henry let I go . mommy . mommy !!! man there 's nothing you can do , Henry . henry let I go ! the man get on he knee in the snow . take Henry by the shoulder , gently . man I know what just happen to you . you be in the car with mommy , and it be spin , and then all of a sudden you be back at home , last summer , watch yourself . watch mommy and daddy read to you . henry how do you ...? man you travel back in time , Henry . just like I do to come here and see you . feel that cut on you forehead ? the man pull back he own long hair and reveal a scar in the exact same place . Henry feel a chill right to he bone . man ( cont 'd ) I be you , Henry . we be the same person . I know you do not understand but you will . someday . the man be henry detamble at age 28 . continued : 10 11 12 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 5 . continued : 10 henry6 look over at the accident site . start to cry . Henry 28 see this . henry28 listen to I . I have to leave now . but I 'il be back . lot of time . everything 's go to be alright , Henry . he kiss henry6 on the top of he head and begin to walk away , as car be brake and good samaritans converge on the scene . Henry 6 hear yell and turn to see people rush toward he . when he turn back : henry 28 be gone ... only he clothes and boot be there , he footprint end abruptly in the snow . int . newberry library rare stack - day ( winter ) 11 a similarly vacate pile of clothes be on the stone floor of a dimly - light , temperature - control basement room . we pan away from it to reveal we be in a chamber full of well - stack bookshelves , and then ... a groan cause the camera to pan back ... the 28 -year-old henry we just saw walking away from henry6 be now stand there , naked , next to the clothes . he shiver ; sore , cold . haunted by where he have just be . see himself as a boy , on that night , have shake he . he run he hand through he hair . Henry start to dress himself . find a large book on the floor , which he pick up . int . newberry library - day 12 the read room at the library be the welcoming hub of the old stone building ; a cathedral of knowledge . serious researcher work at table stack high with book . Henry appear from the back . he approach the counter and present the book to a researcher , a man in he forty . researcher that take you long enough . henry you have no idea . this should be what you be look for . if not , we will have to pick it up after the holiday . continued : 12 13 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 6. continued : 12 researcher right . Christmas Eve . get some nice plan ? henry yeah , big plan . int . bar - night 13 Henry be knock back a shot of whiskey . set it down on the bar . henry another . the bartender fill the shot glass again . bartender if you be go to come here every Christmas , you at least oughta bring I a present . Henry look at he . take a pencil out of he breast pocket and lay it on the bar . the bartender pick it up , examine it . bartender ( cont 'd ) ( drily ) thanks . he put it in he pocket , as ingrid carmichael , 26 , a high - strung , edgy blonde , come into the bar , drag a four foot Christmas tree behind she . she walk over to Henry . she 's be drink too . ingrid hey , baby . look , I get a tree ! they be practically give ‘em away . henry ingrid , I tell you ... ingrid blah blah , you want to be alone on Christmas , well , I do not , okay ? I mean , be we dating , or not ? 14 15 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 7. int . ingride apartment - night 14 ingrid come out of the bathroom in a slinky silk robe . look at Henry sit on the couch next to the sad , undecorate tree with its string of unlit light . ingrid Henry . you be suppose to do the light ! the guy do the light . henry can we ... do this without light ? ingrid you be such a creep . she walk over to the tree and plug in the light . they brighten until they begin to flash . we can see they be bother he ... ingrid ( cont 'd ) now . be not this nice ? Henry ...? he stand , woozy , a pasty look on he face . ingrid know this look . henry I have to go . ingrid not again ... henry ( start to leave ) -.-.- I be sorry ... ingrid I swear to god , if you leave this time , that 's it ! do not ever bother come back ! we hear the door slam . int . stairwell - continuous 15 Henry be tremble , try to make it down the stair . a overhead shot , as he pass into frame around each corner of the landing until , finally ... he fail to appear , and instead he empty shoe fall down the stair . they come to rest on the landing . 16 17 18 19 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 8. int . hospital corridor - night 16 angle on a exit sign , the universal symbol of the light - up run man . the door open and Henry step out of the stairwell and into a corridor line with stripped hospital bed : the housekeep service area locate in the Hospital 's bowel . he duck into the desert linen 's room . a merry christmas banner and a garland of tinsel hang over the fold station . Henry spot a paper pad . he p.o.v. a inventory form for the ST . joseph 's hospital , date the 24th of december 1970 . Henry 's face cloud . angle corridor , as a female candy striper arrive with another bed . she strip the mattress and the pillow and be about to carry the laundry into the linen 's room when Henry emerge , now dress as a candy striper himself . she barely acknowledge he . int . hospital / housekeeping SERVICES 17 Henry pass service worker spraying row of bed frame with chemical disinfectant . he slow in front of a fire exit diagram , orient himself and move on . he take a shortcut , only to find himself in : int . hospital / morgue 18 Henry stop dead in he track as he come upon a cover body lie on a slab . it be the only body in the morgue . Henry stare at the wrap form , clearly distress , as he 's make the connection . he seem about to touch the body but instead glance at a wall mount clock . he realize that he 's run late and pull himself away . int . first floor reception area - night 19 Henry appear out of a elevator . it be busy and surreally bright inside against the snowy black outside the large window . he be look for someone . we see he eye land ; he have find what he seek : a man stand at the main desk . we see he before , by the couch with Henry . he be richard detamble , 30 , Henry 's father . richard no , I know they be here . I get a call . they say my wife and son ... ( more ) continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 9 . 19 continued : 19 richard ( cont 'd ) they be in a accident . detamble , annette and Henry detamble , he 's only six .. receptionist ( on a house telephone ) I be check , sir ... Henry be suddenly stand beside he father . henry Excuse I , Mr. detamble ? Richard stare at the adult Henry . he have no idea who he be . henry ( cont 'd ) you son be fine . they just move he to room 204 . richard he 's alright ? Henry lead he toward the elevator and push the up button . henry he 's be call for you . he need you . the elevator door open and Henry usher Richard inside . Henry do not follow . Richard look out at he . richard what about my wife ? why be not she with he ? Henry do not answer . the door start to close , wiping Henry from view ... richard ( cont 'd ) wait ! he stop the door , lean out . he p.o.v . the dress gown lie on the floor . a male candy striper wheeling a big laundry cart scoops it up and put it in he bin as he pass . 20 int . ingride stairwell - night 20 Henry , dress , but barefoot , carry he shoe , trudge back up the step . knock on ingrid 's door . continued : 20 21 22 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 10 . continued : 20 henry ingrid ? it 's Henry ... open the door . she whip open the door , scowling at he . ingrid where do you go ? henry «+.to get some air . ingrid tell I the goddamn truth . for once . he stare at she , so weary . henry I be a time traveler . ( beat ) I travel through time . I can not control it , it just happen ... she slam the door in he face . Henry look down , all alone in the dark , silent hallway . henry ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas , Henry . CUT to : ext . lincoln park - day ( spring ) 21 henry be jogging along lakeshore drive . the sun be shine , a breeze ruffling the tree . it be a beautiful day . jogger be everywhere . Henry seem to run faster and stronger than all of they . int . newberry library - day 22 Henry come into the big wide read room . he cross by a girl at one of the table . she do not look up . Henry go to the check - out desk and lay down he book , look through they , he back to the girl . they both remain in the frame , not see one another and then ... a female staffer pass the girl , who look up . girl Excuse I . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 11 . 22 continued : 22 the staffer turn , Henry do not . girl ( cont 'd ) I be look for the kelmscott Press chaucer , actually I be interested in the papermake at kelmscott ... woman staffer perhaps Mr. detamble can help you with that . he 's we special collection librarian . the staffer gesture toward Henry , who raise he head , start to turn ... on the girl , smile ... girl Excuse I , I be look for ... and then she stop . her face stunne . Henry stare at she . see the queer look on she face . henry can I help you with something ? and now she smile ... she heart be catch in she throat . girl Henry ? henry yes ... and just as suddenly , tear spring to she eye . girl Henry . it 's you . and now she laugh , push back the tear . girl ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it . I be sorry , you say this would happen and you tell I to be normal when it do and I be really not ... be very normal ... the woman staffer shoot Henry a cross look . he have a reputation with the lady . but this girl seem young ... Henry go to the girl and pull she aside . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 12 . 22 continued : 22 henry I be sorry , but I really ... I do not know you . clare my name be Clare , Clare abshire . I know you do not know I . you be not suppose to . but we need to talk . we really do . she can see he discomfort . she bring she voice down . girl look , I know how odd this must be for you , it 's odd for I too . but ... would you ? have dinner with I ? let I try to explain ? henry um ... clare please . listen to I . you want to do this . I know you do . we have be plan this dinner for four year . henry we have ? girl yes . we will go to the Beau thai . it 's you favorite restaurant . henry ( reluctant ) how do you know that ? she look at he . take in he rumple clothes , long , unkempt hair , he unshaven , haunt , slightly paranoid look . girl you look like you have be have a rough time . he 's take aback by she gentle recognition . girl ( cont 'd ) everything 's gonna be okay , Henry . beat . he search she eye . continued : 22 23 24 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 13 . continued : 22 clare so be it yes ? to dinner ? we hold on Henry . he can not help but laugh . this girl be beautiful . henry ...okay . clare ( big smile ) wow ! okay . Seven o'clock . Beau thai . this be go to be great ! trust I . this be the best day of you entire life . she kiss he tenderly but fully on the mouth and then turn and nearly skip out of the library . on henry ... a amaze expression on he face , and then ... tear he could not begin to explain begin welling in he eye as he stand there motionless . librarian who be that ? why be you cry ? henry I do not know . int . henry 's apartment - evening 23 the camera track through Henry 's messy apartment - clothes , dirty cup , book strewn about - a bouquet of rose in cellophane sit on the table , until it discover Henry stand in front of a mirror in he bathroom . he 's nervous , make a effort . he check he tooth in the mirror , then open the cabinet , remove a deodorant stick and open he shirt , do a quick run across he pit . he reach toward the cabinet to put it back , the camera tracking with he arm . we see he hand be shaking . henry ( v.o. ) shit . not now . the cabinet door swing close . there be no one in the mirror . ext . quiet chicago residential STREET - morning ( winter ) 24 this be the same Henry we just see , only now he be naked and racing down a street . two policemen , billy club in they hand , race after he . the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 14 . 25 int . beau thai restaurant - night ( spring ) 25 a clock on the wall show that it be 7:39 p.m . we pan down off it to reveal clare sit at a booth . she look beautiful in a dress , she hair down , curl . a waiter come up to she : waiter would you like to order a drink while you be wait ? clare just some wine , please . the waiter go off . she look down , fiddling with something . close on the object in her hand , a small girl 's diary , blue leather , with a little brass lock flap . then ... she look up . henry be there , he face cover in perspiration , and bruise . he be breathless as he see she . he awkwardly hand she the bouquet of flower . henry I be really sorry , I be ...uh ... detain . clare it 's okay . I order we some pad thai . they be keep it warm . she notice he bruise . clare ( cont 'd ) you alright ? henry it 's ... it 's okay . clare come , sit down . he sit . they stare at each other a moment . there 's a feel of first date excitement here , though neither really know how to play it . Clare admire the flower . clare ( cont 'd ) this be beautiful . you have never give I flower before . continued : 25 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 15 . continued : 25 henry I have never give you anything before . she smile . he do not quite know how to read it . the waiter bring she wine . they wait for he to leave . henry ( cont 'd ) listen , you do understand why it be that I do not know you ? clare of course . for you , none of this have happen yet , but for I ... I have know you since I be six . since you appear in the meadow behind my parent 's house , in Michigan , where I use to play . while she 's talk , Henry have take she glass of wine and down a big draught . he push it back . she frown . clare ( cont 'd ) you be not suppose to drink . henry yeah , why 's that ? clare you tell I Dr. kendrick say you should stop drink , that it set off the ... fit , the travel . Henry stare at she for a beat . henry this be ... this be too crazy . clare I be sorry . I be do this all wrong . you tell I to be easy on you and I be do it all wrong . she grab a paper napkin and take a pen out of she purse . clare ( cont 'd ) you do this for I once . she draw two straight line . label one Henry and one Clare . continued : 25 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 16 . continued : 25 clare ( cont 'd ) this line be my life , and this line be you life . she make a little slash near the middle of he line . clare ( cont 'd ) this point be you , now , tonight . her finger follow past the point of now , down Henry 's line ... clare ( cont 'd ) and later on down the line of you life , in the future , you cross back ... she draw a connect line that slant backward , to the early part of she line ... clare ( cont 'd ) and I meet you here , at the beginning of my line . henry when you be six . in the meadow . clare and many more time . after a while , I could not wait for you to come back . henry which I gather I do , or will do , fairly often . she nod . clare the last time I see you I be eighteen . ( beat ) it seem you go back to the same place a lot . at least that 's what you tell I . henry it 's like gravity . Big event pull you in . clare so I be a big event ? continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 17 . 25 continued : 25 henry so it would seem . Henry squirm a little in he seat . he rub one of he bruise unconsciously . it hurt . henry ( cont 'd ) Clare ? clare yes ? henry could we back up ? could we pretend for a moment that this be a normal first date between two normal people ? clare sure . of course . I be so sorry Henry . I keep forget . it 's just , you know , it 's like you be my best friend . I have ... I have be in love with you ... all my life . on Henry , take this in . Clare can see how hard it be for he . she dip a napkin in a glass of ice water . she reach over and touch he bruise with the napkin . he can not believe she be do this . it be intimate , impossibly familiar , but he do not stop she . 26 int . henry 's apartment - night 26 sound of voice , as lock unclick , a door open ... a p.o.v. through a cloth , image of shadow , sifted through thin fabric , a little light come through ... clare be this really necessary ? henry Count to one thousand while I clean up . on Clare , blindfolded , as she hear strange sound , Henry do thing , move stuff . clare one , two , four hundred and ten thousand , eight hundred and fifty - ( more ) continued : 26 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 18 . continued : 26 clare ( cont 'd ) two thousand , nine hundred and sixty - seven thousand , a million . she take off the blindfold ... her p.o.v . Henry have put a cloth over a lamp to mute the light . it make the apartment seem romantic , a reader 's garret , pile with book , a couch cover with a indian print blanket . he stand there , smile sort of dumbly at this beautiful girl , stand in he flat , clearly smitten with it , with he . henry if you want a drink ... clare I do not want a drink . she step up to he , look into he eye , and start unbuttone he shirt . he just stare at she . it 's amazing to he that she 's so sure , that they do not have to play any game . he could fall in love with this girl . she part the fabric of he shirt and run she hand along he chest , he belly . clare ( cont 'd ) god. you be so ... young ... she kiss he neck , he mouth ; a passionate , familiar kiss . it blow he away , she confidence , the way they mouth fit . he pull she in to he , roughly now , he want she , he hand run up to she breast . he be young and eager , discover a new body . she push he back . make he sit on the couch . climb on top of he , straddle he , but he flip she onto she back and in so do , kick her purse over ... everything dump onto the floor . it 's more than a little awkward . henry sorry ... he quickly pick up the stuff ... he have the diary . she grab it away from he , shove the purse away . henry ( cont 'd ) what be that ? clare my diary . my Henry book . I use to write about you , every time you ( more ) continued : 26 27 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 19 . continued : 26 clare ( cont 'd ) come to visit , because it be a secret . I could not tell anyone ... henry can I see it ? clare the silly scribbling of a hopelessly romantic girl ? never ... she start over , climb back on top of he , wrapping she leg around he . this time he let she lead . she kiss he . they be get more passionate , limb intertwine ... she kiss he neck , he chest , he belly . henry .-.- Clare ... tell I something ... about the meadow . tell I how we meet . clare it will spoil it for you . it will not happen for you for several year . henry spoil I . ext . SUN - filled meadow - day ( spring ) 27 we see flash of hair , of little foot in Mary jane and knee sock , we hear hum , as young clare , eight - year - old , push through the sun-dapple wood and into ... a OPEN , grassy meadow . she be in she school uniform , a green jumper and white blouse . she be carry a tatter Marshall field 's shopping bag and a red blanket , which she lay out by a log that lie like a perfect bench in the clear . she continue hum ... the theme to '' the Dick Van dyke show . '' suddenly , from behind some bush , she see something move . clare who 's there ? no answer . she get up to explore . suddenly a voice come from very close to she , in the foliage ... henry ( 0.s. ) greeting , earthling . clare Mark , you idiot . continued : 27 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 20 . continued : 27 she take off she shoe and throw it into the bush . she see the bush shake , hear a grunt and a '' ow . '' henry ( 0.s. ) Clare , I be not go to hurt you , please do not throw anything at I . Little girl Clare frown , hand on she hip . to hide she fear , she fire out bossy question . clare who be you ? how do you know my name ? why can not you come out ? henry ( 0.s. ) I do not ... have any clothes on . Clare stare into the bush ... her p.o.v . she can now see Henry , he face , he eye , and nothing else . henry ( cont 'd ) can you just ... hand I that blanket ? and I 'il come out . clare maybe I should call my mom . henry do not call you mom. please . just give I the towel and I 'il leave . she hesitates . then go back to the log , pick up the blanket , come back to the bush and hold it out ... we see Henry 's hand emerge from the bush , grab the blanket , then Henry appear with it wrap around he waist . Clare sort of laugh . clare why do not you have any clothes ? henry because I be a time traveler . I come from the future and when I do , I do not get to bring my clothes . clare there 's no such thing as time traveler . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft 27 continued : henry well , there be . that 's how I know you name . you and I be friend , in the future , when you be a lady . Long beat . clare be I pretty ? henry yes . she smile slightly to herself . clare prove you be from the future . henry well , you name be Clare abshire , bear May 24 , 1971 . you parent be Phillip and Lucille abshire , and you live with they and you brother Mark and you sister alicia ina big house on the other side of the wood . clare so . you know thing . that do not mean you be from the future . henry if you hang around long enough , you will see I disappear . and I ’11l be back again . lot of time . in fact I will be back next Tuesday , at 4:00 . it would be great if when you come then you could bring I some clothing , something you dad will not miss . a voice call out from the distance . voice ( v.o. ) Clare ! where be you ? she jump up . Henry look at she imploringly . henry it 's a secret , okay ? I gotta go . ( he reach out to shake ( more ) - 07.13.07 21 . 27 continued : 27 28 29 30 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 22 . continued : 27 henry ( cont 'd ) she hand ) it be nice to meet you . she shake he hand with she small one , and as she do , she see he hand start to become transparent ... she look up . Henry be go . only the red blanket lie in the grass . we hold on she stunne little face . she smile . CUT to : int . henry 's apartment — dawn 28 Clare and Henry asleep in he bed . Clare be waking up . she look over at he . smile . can not believe she 's with he . she sit up , try to be quiet . her p.o.v . his bedroom be a shamble . clothes be pile up on the floor . the paint be peel in the room . pretty ugly . she get out of bed , pull on one of he shirt , which be a bit smelly , but she do it anyway . int . live room 29 she pad out into the room . last night 's couch be reveal to be horrible -- tatter , stuff come out , stain with water - ring and telltale cigarette burn . Clare look around . the gray morning light come in the window illuminate he apartment . beer can and dirty dish be dot around . it be the apartment of a callow young man . not romantic at all . int . bathroom - morning 30 Clare come in . open the shower curtain . her p.o.v . in the bath tub be a lot of book and papers and dirty clothes . some styrofoam take - out carton with half - eat food . he obviously dumped they in here the night before in a attempt to clean up . Clare open the medicine chest and peer inside . lying on one shelf be tampon , a diaphragm case , lipstick , and a tube of spermicide . on her face , fascinate and surprised . she never think that he might be with someone . she hear Henry : henry ( v.o. ) I tell you I be ... ( appear in the doorway ) ..- m messy . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 23. 30 continued : 30 she turn to he . she 's hold the woman 's lipstick . clare you have a girlfriend ? henry yes , I mean , no , I mean , it be almost over anyway . clare ( deflate ) I come bulldoze in here . it never occur to I that you might be ... with someone . henry ..+- you be disappointed . Clare run both hand down the flank of Henry 's body . clare it feel so odd . I never know you at this age . I have only know you as this mature , worldly person . you know ... exactly how to talk to I . you be kind of my perfect guy . henry my God . I be compete with myself . clare no , no , it 's hard to explain ... henry the I you know do not exist yet . stick with I and sooner or later he 's bound to appear . that 's the best I can do . CUT to : 31 ext . campus build - night 31 a photograph ... large , print on a unusual surface . it be a life-size picture of a man , stand in a meadow , but he feature be obscure by the fleck in the paper ; in fact , he entire body seem to be dissolve away . only he clothes , with they dark color , be in sharp focus . we pull back , as a janitor cross in front of the picture , mop the floor . continued : 31 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 24 . continued : 31 stencill on the window of the lobby of a campus building be the word '' Graduate Student exhibit . '' henry' reflection move into frame , as he look in the window . Henry go inside , seek something , and then ... he stop . his face register part shock , part total recognition . he p.o.v. of the photograph . he see a nameplate above it . clare abshire . reverse angle ...on Henry 's back , as he look at the photo , he own body silhouett against the figure in the image , they shape match for a brief moment as he step back , and we hear , off screen . clare ( 0.s. ) the show 's not open yet . he turn . Clare be there . Henry stand next to the photograph and from Clare 's Pov it look like she 's face two of he . henry I think I have try early for a change . yclare how do you find it , I do not tell you ... henry I be a research librarian . if I want to find out about someone , I find out . she smile , pleased . a little embarrassed . they look at the photograph , stand side by side , in silence for a moment . clare well , what do you think ? henry it 's great , it 's ... terrifying . clare terrify ? henry my life depend on how well I can keep a secret . see it out there like that ... feel like I just go public . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 25 . 31 continued : 31 clare God , I never even think of that ... henry do not worry . I mean , who 's gonna connect the dot , right ? it just catch I off-guard . he smile at she , bring levity to the moment . clare I know what it 's like to watch you go . but what 's it like ... to be the one that 's go ? henry sometimes it feel like you have stand up too quickly , you hand and foot be tingling and then they be not there at all . sometimes it feel like you attention have wander for just a instant . then , with a start you realize that you be stand , naked , up to you ankle in ice water in a ditch . you wait a minute to see if you 's 1ll just snap right back . then , after some swear and shiver you start walk in any direction , which will eventually yield someplace that offer the option of steal or explain . stealing can get you in trouble but explain take more time and involve lie , which might get in trouble anyways , so what the hell . 32 ext . parking lot - night 32 they be walk together , mid-conversation . clare be you ever afraid ? henry absolutely . I be afraid of find myself in the middle of a highway , get hit by a car . I be afraid of get strand in time and not be able to come back . continued : 32 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 26 . continued : he smile 32 clare when I be little , I use to wish that you would get stick . I imagine I have move you into the basement and you could live with I all the time , and I have sneak you food , like when you would come to the meadow . henry you bring I food in the meadow ? clare peanut butter and anchovy sandwich , pate and beet on ritz cracker . I think that 's the sort of thing a adult would like . at she . henry how do you parent never get wind of this ? clare my parent be very self - absorb , ambitious people . they like to win , at everything , even if the opponent be they own child . I be much too ... dreamy for they . after a while , they just ignore I . they arrive at she car . he stop , turn to she . she smile and kiss henry I can not believe anyone could ignore you . clare you never do . you be wonderful . henry you mean the perfect I ? . he touch she slender neck . bend he head down she , ever so softly on the lip . it 's like a first kiss in many way . they both feel it . CUT to : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 27 . 33 int . clare apartment —- another night ( summer ) 33 a small table set for four . Clare be introduce Henry to she roommate , charisse , and she roommate 's boyfriend , gomez . clare this be charisse , my roommate , my best friend , and we excellent cook for tonight , because I can not cook . gomez you should know that go in . Lovely girl . can not cook toast . charisse , a pretty filipino girl , shake Henry 's hand . charisse please ignore Gomez . I just keep he around to lift heavy object . gomez and sex . do not forget sex . Henry shake hand with Gomez , who be tall and blonde . henry Gomez ? I be expect someone more Hispanic . gomez short for golomonski , Polish . charisse wine , Henry ? henry no , thanks . he catch Clare 's eye , she 's smile . 34 int . kitchen - later 34 charisse and Clare be wash the dish , whisper ... charisse he 's so cute , you do not tell I how cute he be . Gomez come in with more dish . continued : 34 35 36 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 28 . continued : 34 gomez he 's not that cute . and he do not have a car . he say he 's not allow to drive . charisse throw a sponge at he . int . apartment - same 35 Henry be walk down the hall . he look into a room ... he p.o.v . he see Clare 's camera and bag on the bed , another of she photo on the wall , this one of a little girl 's leg , in knee sock and Mary jane , stand next to a empty pair of man 's shoe . he look behind he , then slip into her room . int . clare 's bedroom - night 36 Henry be look through she desk drawer . he do this quickly , a man on a mission . he find what he want : her little blue diary . he sit down . take a piece of paper and a pen and start flipping through it , quickly scribbling down a list of something , we do not know what , until ... a throat clear , startling he . gomez stand in the doorway . gomez what be you do ? Henry quickly cover the diary with a large book . henry ...uh , I bring this book for Clare , on paper-make . I just want to ... leave they for she . but Gomez can see the corner of the little blue notebook . gomez she 's look for you . Henry go out , past Gomez . charisse appear . charisse I like he . do not you ? gomez not sure yet . continued : 36 37 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 29 . continued : 36 hold on Gomez 's doubting face . ext . front / alley behind the VIC - night 37 noise from the concert venue pound out the front door . there be people milling around , smoking , a happen place . Gomez step out of the place and walk toward the back alley . we can hear a song by the buzzcock , '' what do I get ? '' , blast from inside the Vic , a famous Chicago music venue . Gomez light up a cigarette when he see : a brawl in progress at the end of the alley , near the trash can ; someone be get beat up . gomez hey . hey ! he run down and try to break up the fight ... a big suburban guy be have the crap beat out of he by a skinny dude in pink short short and a small skintight pink T - shirt . Gomez grab the pink dude and pull he away ... gomez ( cont 'd ) hey , man , knock it off ... he see the pink dude 's angry face ... it be henry , age 41 . gomez ( cont 'd ) Henry !? henry Gomez ! gomez what the hell ? what be you do ? henry this guy like to beat up fag . the suburban guy get up and scramble away . Gomez do not even care , because he be stare at Henry . something be very wrong here . Henry 's get short hair . with gray in it . he look kind of ravage and different . gomez what 's with you hair ? and what the hell be you wear ? continued : 37 38 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 30 . continued : 37 henry what 's the date today ? gomez I do not know . September 12th . henry what year ? gomez what year ? we just have dinner , couple of hour ago . henry right . look , I gotta go . I gotta get some clothes . gomez yeah . pink be not work for you . henry catch you later . gomez no way . not in you condition . I be come with you . CUT to : a safety pin jiggling in a door lock . 38 gomez what the hell be you do ? henry break and enter . the door open . he hurry inside a Army surplus store . Gomez , frighten , curious , follow . henry ( cont 'd ) do not touch anything . Henry begin select clothes off the rack and trading they for he pink shirt and short . gomez what the hell be go on here ? you hair be gray , man . you be a decade older than a week ago . Henry stare at he . weary . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft 38 continued : henry you know what ? I be go to tell you , cause you and I be go to be friend for a long time , as it turn out , so you might as well know now . gomez know what ? henry the reason I look older be because I be older . I have come back to this night from the future . I be a time traveler . Gomez stare . and then laugh . gomez good. good one . henry Gomez , listen . I know how smart you be and I think you can get you head around this . I have ... fit , like epileptic fit , sometimes they be bring on by alcohol , or light , sometimes even snow on the tv , but mostly they come when I be stress , or upset , and I disappear , and I travel backward , or forward in time . I just come from the year 2005 . what year be this ? gomez 1992 . I do not like this . henry when I travel , I get there , and I be naked and I need something to wear , so I jump this gay hooker , and I steal he clothes . beat . gomez dude . if you be gay , you should just tell Clare and let she meet a new guy . - 07.13.07 31 . 38 continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 32 . 38 continued : 38 henry Gomez , I be tell you the truth . I get dislocate in time . I never know when it 's go to happen or where I ’1ll end up . so in order to cope , I pick lock , shoplift , mug people , panhandle , break and enter , you name it , I have do it . gomez there 's something wrong with you . henry yes . there be . gomez ( piss ) what 's it like ? in 2005 ? do charisse and I get marry ? henry Gomez ... gomez do I get fat ? do she get fat ? henry I be not go to tell you about you life . know stuff in advance , it make you crazy . look at I . it complicate thing and you can not change it anyway . gomez you be full of shit , you know that ? Henry be start to look ill . his hand be start to shake . henry you will not think that in a minute . gomez oh yeah ? why 's that ? henry you will see . gomez come on , asshole , you come from the future , give I some baseball score , some stock tip ... continued : 38 39 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 33 . continued : 38 henry okay , asshole , I ' will give you one word , '' Internet '' . just remember that . buy anything with a dot com at the end of it . gomez dot com ? what the hell do that mean ? ( beat ) Henry ? Henry be no longer there . Gomez spin around and begin hyperventilate as he see the pile of clothes on the ground . gasp , he scramble to find a pen . gomez ( cont 'd ) dot com . Jesus . dot com . he write it on he arm . in the distance , a police siren . gomez ( cont 'd ) shit . he race from the store . int . clare apartment —- morning 39 Clare answer the door . gomez be there . clare Gomez ? hey . charisse be out . gomez be Henry here ? Clare see he mean business . she open the door and let he in . clare no . he 's at the library . gomez Clare , I spend last night with he . clare you do ? gomez ( nod ) first he beat up a guy in a alley . then we burglarize the Army - navy ( more ) continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 34 . 39 continued : 39 gomez ( cont 'd ) store . and then he tell I about time travel . clare ( surprised ) do you believe he ? gomez believe he ? he look ten year older and disappear right in front of I ! clare I hate when he do that . gomez you be tell I you know about this ? clare yes . I have know for a long time . since I be a child . Gomez sit with a sigh . gomez do not marry he , Clare . clare what ? gomez do not marry Henry . clare he have not ask I yet . gomez you know what I mean . clare Gomez , I love he . gomez I catch he the other night , read you diary . clare -- what ? gomez this guy ... you have to be careful . he 's a freak of nature ... continued : 39 40 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 35 . continued : 39 clare he 's my husband . he always be and will be ... gomez that 's a silly romantic girl talk . you be smarter than that . clare I know he . I know what he 'il be like in ten year . and I ’‘1l like he even better then . he never try to take advantage , he never even tell I he last name , so I could not try to find he . I have no way of know if I would ever see he again . but out of the blue ... we meet . if that be not destiny , I do not know what be . gomez Clare , whatever 's happen in the past , you have a choice . you always do . CUT to : ext . chicago elevate train - day ( winter ) 40 the door to the el train open and Henry jump on . he be 29 and wear a gym suit several size too big for he and look a bit foolish . he stand there nervously and seem happy when the door close . in the bg , as the train leave , we see a man in underwear rush toward the train yell , shaking he fist . Henry grab a seat and look around . the advertisement be from 1967 . suddenly he freeze . he p.o.v . across from he , just a few seat down be he mother . she be read a opera score . he swallow . watch she , and then : henry Excuse I , be you ... annette detamble ? annette yes . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 36 . 40 continued : henry I love you ... you work , you sing . you have a great voice . annette thank you . I appreciate that . people do not usually recognize I . not on the subway anyway . henry my name 's Henry . annette how funny . I have a son name Henry . he 's just three . 40 Henry be move to hear she talk about he . he be look at she , intently , he mother , and he say ... henry I be go to get marry . annette oh , really ? henry I have ... I have meet this amazing girl . I do not know why I tell you that . maybe I ... wish you could sing at my wedding . annette well ... I do not know ... henry no , no . I be not ask ... I be just glad I ... meet you . annette I be glad I meet you too . I hope you have a wonderful wedding . henry thank you . that really ... mean so much to I . Henry 's hand start to shake , time 's run out . henry ( cont 'd ) you son must love you very much . continued : 40 4l 42 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 37 . continued : 40 she 's strangely touch by this . the train pull into a station . henry ( cont 'd ) I have to run . Goodbye . annette ( smile ) Goodbye ... Henry . the door open and he hurry onto the platform . he p.o.v . he look at he mother , in the light train . she wave to he , as the train pull away . shyly , almost awkwardly , he wave back . ext - richard 's brownstone - day 41 a small twenty - era red brick building surround by modern high rise . Henry bound up the back stair . he be the same Henry we just leave at the el train . int . richard 's brownstone - day 42 a house freeze in the seventies , mod furniture , cottage cheese ceiling with sparkles , shag carpet flatten and bald in place from year of wear . the drape be close , the Formica table litter with newspaper still bundle , unread . someone be knock on the back door , and after no answer , the door be unlock and open , and henry come in . he look around . finger the unread papers , stack of unopen mail , wonder what 's go on , and then ... he hear the toilet flush from the bowel of the house . richard detamble shuffles out into the room . he be decade older than the first time we see he at the hospital . he be a waste version of himself . henry hi dad . richard what be you do here ? henry I be worried . I have call you four time . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 38 . 42 continued : 42 richard I have be sick . henry yeah , I call the orchestra . when I do not hear from you , I think maybe you be on a tour ... they tell I you have be on sick leave since April . richard March . Richard raise he hand . they be shaking . richard ( cont 'd ) make it hard to play a violin . henry Jesus . have you see a doctor ? richard what for ? the nerve be shot and they be not come back . Richard go into the kitchen . take a big jug of Jim beam down from the cupboard and pour himself a glass . henry that do not help . richard sure it do . you want one ? henry I do not drink anymore . Richard look at he son . richard that 's too bad . drink be one of the only thing we do together . henry okay , dad ... Henry go over and open the curtain . henry ( cont 'd ) first thing we need to do be get someone in here to clean , make you some meal . do you even eat ? continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 39 . 42 continued : 42 his father look even worse in the light . henry ( cont 'd ) would you like I to come around more ? I could take you to the doctor , help you with you bill ... richard no. henry no to what ? everything or just some of it ? Henry pick up the bill . Richard grab they back , angrily . richard I do not need you help . get you own life together before you start tell I how to live mine . henry I be get marry , dad . Long beat . richard who would marry you ? Henry shake he head , emit a rye cough of a laugh . richard ( cont 'd ) do she know about ... you ...? henry she know all about I . her name be Clare abshire . she 's a artist . ( beat ) I want to give she Mom 's wedding and engagement ring . Henry see he father physically deflate . henry ( cont 'd ) I think Mom would have like that . richard how do you know what you mother would have like ? you barely know she . continued : 42 43 44 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 40 . continued : 42 henry I know she dad . I still know she . I travel to she all the time . I have just see she on the subway . Richard start to walk away , but Henry will not relent . henry ( cont 'd ) I see she sing at the met , have coffee with mara and uncle ish . push I in the stroller . I see she with you , too . this thing I have be not always a curse . he p.o.v . through a half - open door he see he father just stand there in he bedroom , stare . after a moment , Richard open a drawer and take a small velvet box out of it . Richard come back in . richard we be happy . you mother and I . henry I know , dad . Richard put the ring box in Henry 's hand . int . the VIC - night 43 the violent femme be play . they start they song , '' add it up . '' Henry and Clare be make they way to a balcony overlook the stage . clare what 's wrong with you ? you seem nervous . be you nervous ? henry I be gonna get we something to drink . hold on Clare as she watch he leave ... int . the VIC - later 44 the band be now play a new number . Clare glance at she watch . Henry 's still go . after a moment she start make she way downstairs toward the bar ... her p.o.v . in the distance she see Henry press up close to a sexy blonde ( ingrid , the woman with the Christmas tree ) . the continued : 44 45 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 41 . continued : 44 intimacy of they pose take she breath away . as she get closer she realize they be fight . suddenly Henry break away from she angrily , scream something we can not hear , and storm away . ingrid call out . ingrid you son-of-a-bitch !!! Clare watch ingrid push past the crowd toward the bathroom . Henry see Clare stand there and grab she arm . henry I never make it to the bar . clare you want to leave ? henry I want to dance . come on . clare ( disturb ) in a minute . she turn to go toward the bathroom . Henry watch she disappear into the crowd . int . lady room - moment later 45 Clare enter the lady room . her p.o.v . ingrid be there , splash water on she face , try to recover from a bout of tear . she see Clare in the mirror behind she . ingrid what be you do here ? clare I be sorry ... I do not know he be dating someone else when we ... ingrid ( erratic and bitter ) do not try to be nice . please . that 's what he do . '' oh , I ’ma poor torture soul . '' you know what ? fuck he . you seem like a nice girl . and I be tell you right now , you should run for the hill . that man will only bring you pain . ( more ) continued : 45 46 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 42 . continued : 45 ingrid ( cont 'd ) when you really need he , he will disappear . he 's shit and do not say nobody ever tell you . ingrid go out . Clare be really disturb by this encounter . she look at herself in the mirror . int . club - night 46 Clare come out of the bathroom and into the thumping , loud club . she search for Henry but he be nowhere . suddenly someone grab she arm and spin she around . it be Henry , only it be Henry with short hair , a decade older . he smile . she stare at he for a moment and then dissolves into he arm . clare Henry , Henry . oh God . I have miss you . henry miss I ? you have be with I for month . clare I know , but not you , yet . I mean , you be different . henry hey , I do not know you exist . I be miserable dating ingrid . I guess we be both pretty miserable . Clare , few people meet they soulmate at age six . I have to pass the time somehow . when I meet you I be wreck . I be pull myself together . it 's a long way from the I you be deal with in 1993 , to the I talk to you right now . you have to work with I . I can not get there alone . ( beat ) uh-oh . that poor idiot you come in with be look for you . her p.o.v. long-haire Henry have a drink and be look for she . she be suddenly fill with affection for he . clare he 's not a idiot . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 43 . 46 continued : 46 henry ( grin ) see you in a few year . he kiss she and meld into the crowd . a moment later long - haire Henry arrive , all tension and concern . henry ( cont 'd ) hey , you okay ? I think I lose you . clare no , I be here . henry who be that guy you be talk to ? clare a friend . you would like he . the femme start in on '' blister in the Sun ... '' Henry be jazze . henry come on ! I love this song ! he set the drink down on a ledge . he grab she by the hand and lead she back into the club , he foot already hopping . she laugh . CUT to : 47 int . apartment - day 47 Clare be sit at the dining table , in she robe and nightgown , as Henry enter from the kitchen with a amazing cake , a candle stick in the middle ... he be sing " happy birthday " way off -key . he set it down in front of she . clare do you make this ? henry ( nod ) my mother 's recipe . now , make a wish . she close she eye , blow out the candle . henry ( cont 'd ) what have you wish ? continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 44 . 47 continued : 47 clare I be not tell . henry you be such a tease . clare true . when I be sixteen , I be wait for you late one night . it be about eleven o'clock , and there be a new moon . ( take a bite ) oh my god , this be amazing . anyway , I be kind of annoyed with you , because you be resolutely treat I like - a child , or a pal , or whatever - and I be just crazy to touch you and ... be touch by you , and then I get this idea that I would hide you clothes . henry oh , no . clare yes . so I move the clothes to a different spot . and you appear , and I basically tease you until you could not take it . henry and ? clare you jump I and pin I , and for about thirty second we both think ' this be it . 's but you get this look on you face , and you say ' no , 's and you get up and walk away . you walk right through the meadow into the tree and I do not see you again for three week . henry that 's a better man than I . she smile at he , slyly . clare you do bad thing . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 45 . 47 continued : 47 henry I have do one or two of that . clare like read my private diary . this shift the dynamic between they . henry do Gomez tell you that ? clare do not be mad at he . he mean well . henry I do not read it . I just want to write down the date . the date I go to see you , and memorize they . so I can tell the little girl , in the meadow . I do not want that girl to be hurt . if I be so important to she , I want to be able to tell she when I be come , so she will not wait , and hope , and waste away like I do , as a kid , you know , wishing ... clare wish what ? henry that someone I love would come back . she look at he , move , unsure what to say in this moment . henry ( cont 'd ) stay here . he go into the bedroom and come back hold a tiny jewelry box . Clare know what 's come . she 's not sure if she 's ready . henry ( cont 'd ) Clare . I love you . and it 's not just because you be beautiful and brilliant and smart . it 's because ... for the first time in my life , someone know ... who I really be . you be all I want ... will ever want . continued : 47 48 49 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 46 . continued : 47 he get down on one knee . it 's all kind of goofy , and they be both aware of it , Henry smile , Clare too , but she eye fill with tear , as he open the box . henry ( cont 'd ) will you marry I ? she stare at he . the mirth have fade away . she feel so much weight in this decision . clare oe .- nnoo . Henry look at she , crush . and then she suddenly grab he . clare ( cont 'd ) I do not mean that . I just ... I have to try it , try say it , just try to assert some sense of my own free will , but ... my free will want you . ( she intensity be fierce ) I do not care what anyone say . I want you , Henry detamble . henry so do that mean ... clare yes . it mean yes , a hundred time yes . this be the best birthday wish come true ever ! they embrace . kiss . ext . clare parental home in michigan - day 48 a big wide shot of the whole compound , the stately old white , wood - frame house , the large , parklike property surround it , not a neighbor in sight . a s.u.v. have pull into the driveway and Clare and she older brother , MARK , and young sister , alicia , be pile out . Henry , 30 , too . Clare be carry she wedding dress , wrap in plastic , like another body float ahead of the group , all stuff with paper . the four of they be laugh . int . house - moment later 49 the bustle of arrival , Clare hoist the dress through the door , she mother , lucille , a super coiff 54 , grab it . continued : 49 50 51 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 47 . continued : 49 lucille do not drag it , oh my God , I tell you to have it ship ... the florist have already call three time , and we have to go over the table assignment . alicia ( take the dress ) mother , give she a minute to breathe . we hear shot be fire . in the garden , behind the house , we see Clare 's father , phillip , shoot clay pigeon , which be be mechanically release . Lucille call outside : lucille Phillip , they be here ! on henry , we can tell by he face that the wedding stress worry he . Clare pull he toward she ... int . philip 's study - later 50 the wall be line with hunt trophy , head of deer and moose and bear . a gun cabinet . Philip , a taciturn man , be there . Henry shake he hand , nod . phillip you ready for this ? it 's a real circus . henry I be ready sir . Clare 's father wink at he . Henry smile , try to be game . int . live room - day 51 Clare 's mother be in overdrive , hand out schedule . lucille ... the rehearsal be at the church tomorrow at five , we have van to bus people to the rehearsal dinner . here 's the seating arrangement , you both have a look at that ... on clare and henry , sit on the couch , watch she . Clare see that Henry be very uncomfortable . she take he hand . 52 53 54 55 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 48 . int . live room - later 52 Clare 's mother be still talk , stand now . lucille ... the best man , what 's he name , Gomez ? do I have to call he that ? he 'il function as we master of ceremony , I hope he 's prepare , and the band have you playlist , which frankly , I think be too heavy on the contemporary artist ... int . live room - later 53 Clare 's mother still talk , now on the phone ... lucille ... we do not ask for vibernum , we ask for hydrangeas ... then find the hydrangeas ... her p.o.v. the couch -- now empty . Henry and Clare be go . lucille ( cont 'd ) Clare ...? ext . bank of tree - day 54 Clare pull Henry through the wood , sunlight dapple through on they ... they break through the tree and we see they be in : ext . clare 's meadow - day 55 Henry look around . it 's pretty ; the sun shine , yellow .. but Henry have no context . henry this be it ? clare this be the meadow ! do not you love it ? he pull she to he , start to kiss she neck . henry would it be sacrilegious to do it in the meadow ? continued : 55 56 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 49 . continued : 55 clare we already do . when I be eighteen . I lose my virginity to you . henry i’1l look forward to that visit . clare do you really have to stay in the hotel ? henry honestly , I be afraid if I be around you mother another second , I 'il disappear . she can see that he be totally serious . alicia ( 0.s. ) Clare ! Mom want you ! Clare kiss Henry goodbye and run off . Henry stand in the meadow , alone . a breeze pass through and blow some leave around he . there 's a magical feel here , some feel of destiny that 's not entirely comforting . int . barber shop - day 56 we see a array of barber tool laid out on a clean white cloth . a old barber stare at Henry , wait , and motion for he to get in the chair . henry cut it off . barber all of it ? henry I be get marry tomorrow and my wife , she like the short hair . Henry smile and the barber get to work . huge handsful of hair be cut away . Henry stare at himself in the mirror . henry ( cont 'd ) ( acknowledge he image ) that guy look familiar , like someone I know when I be a kid . continued : 56 57 58 59 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 50 . continued : 56 the barber smile . int . HOTEL lobby - day 57 Henry come into the small - town hotel from he haircut , when he spot ... he father stand at the front desk . henry dad. ( Richard turn ) you come ... richard I want to be here for you . Henry be genuinely touch . they embrace . richard ( cont 'd ) I guess I will have to ... meet she parent . henry yes . her father be a Republican . and a hunter . richard oh dear . ext . church - day 58 Wide shot p.o.v. of a old stone Episcopal church through a big old lead glass window , we see toni guest arrive , and pull back to reveal we be ... int . dressing room - day 59 Gomez be help Henry into he tux . Henry be nervous . gomez valium ? be that a good idea ? henry I do not want anything to happen . gomez like what ? continued : 59 60 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 51 . continued : 59 henry stand in front of two hundred people and God and Clare 's parent and disappear to 1978 ! gomez be not there something you can do , some mind control , some act that help you ... stick around ? henry two thing . one be jogging . gomez okay , what 's the other ? henry sex . gomez .»+- go take the valium . Henry go into the rest room to get a glass of water . now Gomez look anxious enough for the two of they . gomez ( cont 'd ) you have problem ? Henry , you okay ? he walk into the rest room . Henry 's tux be lay crumpled on the floor . gomez ( cont 'd ) oh , shit ! int . clare dressing room - day 60 Clare be stand there in she dress as she mother look on with a critical eye . she push at she hair . lucille oh God , this hair . it 's always be difficult . clare Mom , stop already . it 's fine . alicia you look amazing . when Henry see you come down the aisle , he be go to pass out on the spot . continued : 60 61 62 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 52 . continued : 60 Clare tense . clare alicia , can you go check on the boy ? int . church dressing room - day 61 Gomez be in a frenzy , hold the tux , nearly hyperventilate . the church organ can be hear play . a voice call out from the dress room door . alicia ( 0.s. ) nearly ready , guy ? gomez ohmygod , ohmygod , ohmygod . ( call out , high pitch ) Fine ! we be fine ! suddenly Gomez hear a knock at the window behind he and spin around . Henry be back , naked outside the building . only it be not the Henry who just leave . it be older henry , unshaven , some gray in he hair . Gomez open the window and help he climb in . henry do not worry . it all work out . int . church - day 62 Clare be poise at the back of the sanctuary , hang on she father 's arm . at the front of the church , Henry , in full tux but dishevel and unshaven , slip in the side entrance to take he place before the priest . Gomez slink in behind he , look around as if he 's a criminal . Clare notice Gomez 's strange look , but she can not really see Henry . the wedding March begin ; she start down the aisle . her p.o.v . Henry finally look up ... it be '' she Henry . '' Clare smile , almost weak with love . she arrive at he side , whisper . clare Henry , what the hell ? continued : 62 63 64 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 53 . continued : 62 henry do not swear . we be get marry . guest look at one another , not sure why Henry look so strange . Clare 's father and mother exchange curious glance . as they look over to Henry 's father , he try to put a good face on it . he smile weakly and give they a thumb up . priest we be gather here today ... the camera dolly into a tight two shot of henry and clare . they be gaze lovingly at one another . the priest 's voice drone on , but we be with Clare and Henry . int . church men 's room - day 63 the door to the man 's room fly open with a bang and gray - haire Henry hurry in . he look around expectantly as a naked arm grab he . he spin around and see he 30 - year old naked self stare back at he . they smile at one another and hug . younger henry thank you . CUT to : int . ballroom - day 64 Clare be sit at the head table alone . the band be finish a song . then the band leader approach the microphone . band leader and now let 's invite we lovely new couple to the dance floor . everyone be look at Clare , who rise ... look around ... her p.o.v . no Henry in sight , and then ... she see he , slip back into the ballroom , the 30 - year old Henry , adjust he tux , smoothing he newly shorn hair . on clare , as she smile , and walk toward he . he see she ... he first time take in she beauty in the wedding dress . he follow she onto the dance floor and they begin to dance , everyone watch . but they conversation be very private . continued : 64 65 66 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 54 . continued : 64 clare howdy , stranger . henry sorry I miss the ceremony . clare well , not exactly . henry do you ... do you wish I be he ? clare but you be ... she smile at he . he be the happiest man alive right now . they dance off ... we hear they murmured dialogue . clare ( cont 'd ) I wonder if I be a bigamist . henry I think you be allow to marry the same person as many time as you want . sound of they laughter , as the music sweep they away . int . HOTEL honeymoon suite - night 65 we hear giggle , the door be push open , Henry carry Clare over the threshold , flick on a light . there p.o.v . a truly gorgeous room ; a giant , invite bed . Henry put Clare down on she foot . they look at each other . CUT to : int . honeymoon suite - later 66 angle on the two of they bounce up and down on the bed laugh and giggle like two little kid . after a moment , Clare throw herself down on the mattress with she arm wide open . Henry look down at she with a huge greedy smile on he face . he look poise to leap on she . she close she eye , all excited and wait . he never arrive . clare Henry ? she sit up . continued : 66 67 68 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 55 . continued : 66 clare ( cont 'd ) not on we wedding night . ext . meadow - day 67 naked henry find himself in a thicket of bush , he be turn , try to figure out where he be , when he see ... a pair of men 's shoe sit on a rock near he . a neatly fold set of clothes . he realize where he must be . he smile . he start to dress . ext . meadow - moment later 68 Henry emerge into the clear , dress in Clare 's father 's old clothes , a button - down shirt , argyle sweater . he p.o.v. clare , age 12 , be sit on that red blanket in the meadow , a chess game laid out . she stand , wave to he . henry hello , Clare . clare hello Henry . she be obviously so pleased to see he , though they do not embrace . clare ( cont 'd ) you promise you have play chess with I again , teach I that move so I can kick my brother 's butt . henry ...okay . he sit down across from she on the blanket . she make a move . they begin to play . clare Henry ? be you really a person ? henry yes . what else would I be ? clare maybe you be a alien . henry I be a person . who time travel . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07 68 continued : they play . clare and you know I , as a grow - up ? henry yes . clare -.- be I marry ? henry I can not tell you that . clare why not ? you never tell I anything . ( they play ) do you know when you die ? henry Clare ... clare it 's not fair that you know everything about I but I never get to know anything about you . henry what do you want to know ? she try to be nonchalant . clare be you marry ? henry yes . clare . -- be you wife a time traveler ? henry no. thank God . she 's a very beautiful , talented , smart , normal woman . clare do she worry about you ? henry yes , she do . -13.07 56 . 68 continued : 68 69 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 57 . continued : 68 clare do you love she ? henry very much . he make a move . but he hear a muffle sniffle and realize that Clare be cry . henry ( cont 'd ) Clare ... what 's wrong ? clare nothing . henry what ? clare it 's just that ... I be hope maybe you be marry to I . he frown , wishing he could tell she , know he should not . int . HOTEL honeymoon suite - night 69 Clare , in the honeymoon suite , be lie in bed asleep with the t.v. on when Henry return . he turn it off and Clare wake up . clare I be hope you have come back . not speak , he climb into bed , hold she . henry I be there . with you , in the meadow . she turn toward he . they eye meet . clare be we go to be able to do this ? henry yes . yes , baby . they kiss , begin to make love . CUT to : 70 71 72 73 74 75 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 58 . ext . chicago STREET ( fall ) 70 Clare and Henry be move he horrible tatter couch out onto the sidewalk . the leave on the tree around they have turn brown . int . bedroom - day 71 the camera pan across Henry 's apartment . Clare be spackle the bedroom wall . the shower be run and steam be pour out of the bathroom . she go into the bathroom . Henry be nowhere to be see . she turn the water off , shake she head . int . kitchen - afternoon 72 Henry and Clare be set the table , prepare for dinner , move in between the kitchen and the front room . at one point they cross in the doorway and Henry grab Clare . he spin she in a unexpected two step , execute a lovely twirl , plant a quick kiss on she forehead , and then continue into the kitchen all in one unbroken stride . Clare love this . Clare lay out the cutlery when she hear a pile of dinner plate shatter on the floor . she know immediately what have happen . in the kitchen , she sweep up the break plate from around Henry 's vacate clothes . int . the dine room - evening 73 she sit down to eat dinner alone . ext . chicago street - night_ ( winter ) 74 Henry 's face emerge from the dark . we realize , he be stand in the middle_of a snow cover street . headlights hit he and Henry quickly move out of the way of an_oncome truck . ext . chicago STREET / build - same 75 Henry , still naked , drift from a alley . he glance around , shiver . case the building around he . voice grow louder . Henry duck into a doorway_across the street . two punk pass_by the doorway , as Henry appear on the fire escape above they , check the window to a darken apartment , finally break one . he_disappear inside as the el train 's stutter light rush past . es + * + % + eh 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 59 . int . henry and clare apartment - day ( spring ) 76 Clare be show she photograph to a gallery owner who seem very enthusiastic about she work . on a shelf we see a twig with cherry blossom stick in a glass of water . ext . extreme wide shot - chicago - ( summer ) 77 the hi-rise come right to the edge of the beach on the lake , populate with sunbather and bike rider . a very small figure , henry , now 32 , be jogging along the boardwalk , sweat , keep fit . ext . suburban neighborhood - evening ( fall ) 78 the leave be a riot of color in this idyllic neighborhood . Henry , in a ill-fitting mechanic 's jump suit , be run , a dog be chase after he and he be hopping a fence to get away . then we see two man run after he carry a hoe and a shovel . Henry run into a shed and the man come in after he . Henry raise he hand to defend himself . the man raise they hoe and shovel . int . henry and clare apartment - night 79 come in on a digital clock next to Clare who be asleep . we hear a strange thump and then someone moan . Clare jump up and follow the sound into the dark live room and find Henry on all four , bloody , shiver . he open he eye , see she , try to reach out to she . Clare flip on the light and spin around , look for he . the room be empty . she stand there , helpless , sick with worry . int . apartment - christmas - night ( winter ) 80 a beautifully decorate Christmas tree . snow outside the window . we pan away from the tree and see Clare alone , unwrap she gift . ext . highway - night 81 two car smashing together , ignite . it be annette 's accident , replay . ext . highway - night 82 we see Henry , 28 , put a blanket over he six year old self . as the camera pull back from a foreground fence , we see still another henry , 33 , make a call from a emergency phone . continued : 82 83 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 60 . continued : 82 henry you need to page Richard detamble . he 's arrive on flight 207 from pittsburg . his family be in a car accident and have be take to St. Joseph 's hospital in Evanston . Henry hang up the phone . as he walk away we see a third Henry , 37 , watch the first Henry help he young self . CUT to : int . clare and henry 's apartment - winter day 83 the Christmas tree bare now , brown , wait to be toss out . henry , 34 , be look at it . he be shirtless , in jeans . in he hand be a sweatshirt which he pull on . clare come out from the bedroom . she be fully dress and purposeful . see he , she come to a complete stop . they stare at each other . clare oh my God . you be back . henry do I miss christmas ? clare you have be go for two week . be you ... be you alright ? henry I could not get back . I get drunk , try to trigger it . I want to get back to you ... clare this be really hard . you be go all the time . henry no more than usual . clare it feel like it though . he nod and shrug he shoulder . this be the nature of they life . he do not know what to say . continued : 83 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 61 . continued : 83 there be some discomfort , some anger there , from she . as he try to figure out what to say ... there be a knock at the door . they exchange a look , who could that be ? she go to open it . another henry be stand there . he be older , about thirty - five . he be drench in sweat , bleed , and wear a big Northwestern sweatshirt . henry hi baby . thank God , I could not remember if we have already move out of here yet . I need some water and something for this cut . Clare , stunne , let he in the door . she turn . her p.o.v. two Henry 's be now stand in the room with she . henry 34 what happen to you ? henry 36 I be chase through a plate glass window , but it 's not as bad as it look . clare there 's two of you . they both look at she . clare ( cont 'd ) how can this ...? henry 34 it happen all the time . one time when I be fifteen three of we go to a cub game . henry 36 do you have any hydrogen peroxide ? clare this be wrong . this defy the law of physics . ( go off to get some first aid equipment , but still talk ) matter be matter . I do not understand how two of you can be in the same room . continued : 83 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 62 . continued : 83 she re-enter , shove a wet washcloth and a tube of neosporin at Henry 36 . henry 36 we do not understand either , Clare . if we do we have win the Nobel prize . Clare shake she head , start to gather she thing . henry 34 where be you go ? clare I can not deal with this . I have a show in two week . Jeremy give I a space to work in , and I have to go . my life do not just stop while you be go , you know . henry 34 Jeremy , the gallery guy ? spend a lot of time with he ? clare oh , God , do not even ... henry 36 do not worry , he 's not a threat . clare ( spin ) how do you know ? ( off he shrug ) and stay out of it ! this be totally unfair . I can not win a argument with two of you ! henry 34 be we argue ? clare I just ... have to go to work . henry 34 ... if you need a space to work , we will get someplace else to live , with a studio for you ... clare how , how be we go to do that ? you be always go ! and even if you be here ... we never talk about ( more ) continued : 83 84 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 63 . continued : 83 clare ( cont 'd ) normal thing that other couple talk about ! henry 34 like what ? clare like buy a house , have kid ? what be a child go to think of see two father ? why do not you tell I this could happen ? henry 34 ( be : older Henry ) why do not he tell you ? I assume he tell you back in the meadow . henry 36 you should have tell she . you have be screwing it up with she from the beginning . clare you know what ? I be not do this . I can not live like this ! henry 34 Clare ... she leave they alone in the apartment . after a beat : henry 34 ( cont 'd ) she be come back , be not she ? he turn to Henry 36 , but he be go . ext . gallery - same night 84 Clare be leave the gallery space . Jeremy lock up after she . ( he be the same guy who come to Henry 's and Clare 's apartment to check out she photograph . ) Henry be stand across the street . she come over to he . clare I be sorry about this morning . henry no , you be right . ( look at he watch ) damn , we will never make it home in time . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 64 . 84 continued : 84 clare Home in time ? for what ? 85 int . television store - night 85 about twenty television be show various program . clare Henry , you have to get out of here , it will set you off . henry no . we need to watch something . he turn he back toward the screen and hand she something ... a illinois lottery ticket . clare Henry ... he address a salesman . henry Excuse I , can you put one of this on the local news ? the guy nod and change all the tv 's to the local news . clare Henry , what do you do ? on the television , the local anchor be talk . local anchor and now for tonight 's win lotto number ... henry you be right . we need a future . you need a art studio . we have to do something for we . the number begin to appear on the screen . Clare stare at the lottery ticket . she have all of they . clare oh my God ... henry you have just win five million dollar . continued : 85 86 87 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 continued : Clare pull he aside , talk in a urgent whisper . clare but you can not do that . it 's unethical . it 's cheating . henry okay , then , rip it up . ( she do not ) next week they will have one for twenty million . Clare just stand there . henry ( cont 'd ) Clare , there be a lot of downside to my condition but this be not one of they . I pay a big price for what I go through , and so do you . this be the universe 's way of compensate we . I just want to buy you some happiness , some comfort , for the time I be not around . let I do that . please . on clare face ... think ... int . new house - day Henry and Clare be look at a new house with a realtor . clare but I like it , Henry . Henry be look out the window to the back yard . henry this be not it . you will like another one better . you be go to be very happy in it . I know . int . another house - day 65 . 85 86 87 Clare and the realtor explore the house . Henry walk right to a window face the backyard and shake he head . he return to the other . henry nope . not the one . the realtor eye he oddly . 88 89 90 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 66 . int . another house - day 88 Henry , Clare , and the realtor do not even look at the house . they all walk right to the window face the back . Henry grin . Clare grin . the realtor grin . henry we be home . see the garage out there ? that 's you studio . Clare shriek and grab she husband . we see a timelapse shot of the garden , as winter turn to spring : int . henry 's and clare new kitchen - night ( spring ) 89 Henry be cooking in the new kitchen . Clare , Gomez and charisse be there too , work as surprisingly efficient sous chef . as charisse turn to grab a new cut board , we see that she be pregnant . Clare be put wine bottle on the counter and grab glass from a overhead rack . clare who want red , who want white ? gomez Red . charisse none for I . ( she grab she belly ) he 's awake . come here , Clare , feel . he 's kick . Clare feel she belly . smile at charisse . suddenly there be a huge crash sound come from the de . everyone turn . int . den - night 90 Henry run into the de . the other follow and freeze . Henry kneel to the floor hold a second Henry who be naked and bleed . both Henry 's look at one another piteously . the other look on , horrify . Henry 's bloody hand be press into he stomach . he can barely talk . henry ( # 2 ) this be all wrong . clare where be you come from ? Henry begin convulse on the floor as if be electrify . his head be shaking violently . he yell . continued : 90 91 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 67 . continued : 90 henry ( # 2 ) Clare ! there be a noise like a bed sheet be snap , only much louder , and we see he disappear from they midst . only he bloody finger print remain , smear on the floor . everyone stare at each other . except Henry , who be very slow and deliberate . he pick up a box of tissue and begin to wipe up the blood from the hard wood floor . no one say a word . ext . outdoor patio - sunset 91 Henry and Clare be sit on they patio overlook a beautiful back yard . Clare be still shake . clare you be shot , Henry . in the future you be shot . henry for all we know , it be a flesh wound , a minor thing . clare it do not look minor to I . henry Clare , there be no guarantee . you know that . we be all go to die . clare goddamn it , Henry . stop act like nothing happen , like it do not matter . you be young there . you be still young ... they sit a moment in silence . clare ( cont 'd ) do you know when you be go to die ? henry no , of course not . and even if I do , I would not tell you . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 68 . 91 continued : 91 clare why have not I ever see you older ? you be never more than 40 something . henry now you be just look for something to be upset about . clare maybe you stop travel . maybe someone find a cure . henry what do you mean , a cure ? clare ( flustered ) I do not know . maybe there 's a drug you can take . if it function like epilepsy , they take drug . we need to find someone , something . you need to stop this ... henry stop what , be who I be ? clare no. yes . fix it . because I want you to be around . I want you to see we baby grow up . henry we what ? clare we baby . she smile at he , shyly . henry Clare ... what ? really ? she nod . he come to she , touch she belly . clare please , Henry . please go and see Dr. kendrick . henry I do not know who Dr. kendrick be . continued : 91 92 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 69 . continued : 91 clare maybe it 's time you find out . CUT to : int . dr . kendrick 's office - day 92 Henry be sit opposite dr . david kendrick , a hippie-ish sort with a beard and a pierce ear . he 's young than we would expect . he and Henry seem to be at a strange face off ; kendrick twirling he pencil , Henry wait for he to speak . dr . kendrick .+- how do you say you find I ? henry when I be older , I travel back in time to see my wife , when she 's a little girl . and she say I mention a Dr. kendrick . I find three in the Chicago area , and one be a phd and one be a proctologist . so you be it . dr . kendrick I be a geneticist . henry and I have a genetic anomaly . it 's call chrono-impairment . it 's a term you come up with , apparently . that 's what Clare say , but of course , now I have mention it to you , you will call it that , and it will be difficult to tell which come first , the chicken or the ...egg . that 's the thing about time travel . it 's sort of a mobius strip . kendrick smile now . dr . kendrick ... do my student put you up to this ? Cause you be good . Henry stand . henry I tell Clare this be stupid . maybe she remember the name wrong . continued : 92 93 94 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 70 . continued : 92 dr . kendrick wait a minute . Henry turn . kendrick be write something down . DR. kendrick ( cont 'd ) this be a doctor , a excellent man , give he a call . henry what kind of doctor ? a psychiatrist ? kendrick do not answer . Henry take the number and throw it in the trash . int . beau thai restaurant - night ( summer ) 93 Clare be sit at the same table where she and Henry first eat . she be alone , eat pad thai , when she chop stick , fall from she hand . she grab she stomach and sit there a moment , a curious expression on she face . then she hand rush back to she belly , a look of concern in she eye . suddenly , unexpectedly , she double over in pain . as she do so , she reach down between she leg . a strange look on she face . she raise she hand . they be cover in blood . CUT to : int . hospital room - night 94 the door to a dimly - light room open and henry enter . close the door softly behind he . Clare be lie in a hospital bed , half asleep . she hear he . look up . clare it 's go . henry I be so sorry . he sit at she bedside . henry ( cont 'd ) do the doctor know why ? continued : 94 95 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 71 . continued : 94 clare they ask I if I be ... be too active . they say that the fetus have detach from the placenta . she start to cry . he hold she ... we see on he face , he be think . ext . university campus - night 95 Dr. kendrick be walk to the parking lot , when henry approach he . there 's something off with Henry , he 's angry , he 's desperate , the Henry we know from the beginning of the story ... henry kendrick . kendrick look around , a little scared of Henry . dr . kendrick Mr. detamble , I can not help you . henry you do not want to help I . dr . kendrick yes . I do not want to help you . henry my wife have a miscarriage . dr . kendrick I be very sorry about that but I do not know how ... henry do not you see ? the baby be a traveler , like I , with the same genetic anomally , and it travel out of the womb ... dr . kendrick do you realize how insane you sound ? henry do you realize how insane it be ? to live like this ?! how can I prove it to you ? what do you want to know ?! you want to know about the future ?! I can tell you , cause I have be ( more ) continued : 95 96 97 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 72 . continued : 95 henry ( cont 'd ) there . you want to know how many child you have , you want to know what you die of ? his hand be shaking ... dr . kendrick Mr. detamble , let I take you somewhere ? there 's a hospital on campus here , and I ... the camera have be hold on kendrick 's face when suddenly he stop talk . his eye freeze . all of the blood drain from he forehead , he cheek . he can not move . we do not even have to reverse angle to know that Henry be no longer stand ten foot away from he . CUT to : int . henry' childhood kitchen - day 96 it be raining outside . Henry be sit with he eight year old self in a kitchen . they be both eat oreos and dunking they in they milk . younger henry what 's go on ? older henry I be with a doctor . I want he to help we . younger henry do he believe you ? older henry he 's about to , I think . int . mri lab - day 97 Henry be lie on a tray ready to slide into a mri machine . Dr. kendrick be there with some lab assistant . they be positioning a mirror inside the mri machine and adjust it to reflect a t.v. monitor in the control room . dr . kendrick okay , everybody , let 's do this . ready Henry ? for science . henry for Clare . continued : 97 98 99 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 73 . continued : 97 Henry be shove into the long metal tube as everyone leave the room . the machine be turn on . a sudden knock and bang as the magnetic resonator capture picture of Henry 's brain . CUT to : int . the control room - day 98 one of the assistant be watch the monitor , a very static image of Henry lie motionless inside the tube . suddenly Henry disappear . the assistant jump up panicked and confuse and stare into the mri room . the mri chamber be empty . assistant Dr. kendrick ! Dr. kendrick ! he 's go . he 's just go . Dr. kendrick do not even look up from a notebook he be jotting on . dr . kendrick wonderful . the assistant look at he like one of they be out of they mind . int . kendrick 's office - day ( fall ) 99 Autumn outside . Henry and Clare be sit with kendrick who be show they a sheaf full of test result . kendrick alright . the result be back . Clare and Henry look at each other and smile , nervous about what they will hear . kendrick ( cont 'd ) base on the test we run , we can affirm , as you suspect , that you brain emit a blast of electro - magnetic energy akin to a epileptic 's just at the moment that you ... travel . you can see it here . he show they the image . kendrick ( cont 'd ) but that 's not go to help you now , with another baby on the way . continued : 99 100 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 74 . continued : Clare and she belly . 99 Henry glance at each other . Clare put she hand on kendrick ( cont 'd ) this type of drug be much too strong for a fetus ... clare we be eight week in . it seem to be go pretty well . maybe the last miscarriage be just a fluke . kendrick we be go to find out . we be go to look at Henry 's gene . a disease that be as ... disruptive as Henry 's often appear as a kind of stutter . a bit of code , repeat too many time that say , in essence bad News . huntington 's Disease , for instance , be just a bunch of extra cag triplet on chromosome 4 . clare but how do you know which ...? kendrick educate guess . like any scientific endeavor . we be go to look at what we call the clock gene . they govern circadian rhythm , keep you in sync with the sun , and they exist in many different type of cell all over the body ... as kendrick go on , Clare and Henry take hand . int . bedroom - night 100 Henry and Clare be sound asleep . Henry stir . something 's wrong . he pull he hand up to he face . it be bright red . he jump up , turn on the light , and see Clare still asleep in a pool of she own blood . for a moment he just sit there . then gently , he try to wake she . henry Clare . honey ... continued : 100 101 102 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 75 . continued : 100 clare ( smile ) I be dream . henry Clare , wake up . you be bleed . her eye flash open , consciousness return . then the full weight of what be happen slam into she . she grab for she husband and pull herself up . clare it 's go ?! Henry grab hold of she and hold she as tightly as he can . clare ( cont 'd ) ( cry now ) I be dream of the baby and we ... in the meadow . CUT to : int . charisse 's and gomez 's apartment - day ( winter ) 101 Clare and Henry arrive at the door . a hastily scrawle sign say do not ring the doorbell . they knock . Gomez appear . gomez hey , hey you guy ! it 's be too long , come on in . the baby 's napping . int . kide room - later 102 it be litter with toy everywhere . like a colorful tornado blow through . a little boy , a toddler , be sit play with a big plastic hammer ... clare hi Max . charisse enter . greet Clare . clare ( cont 'd ) you look great . ever the pragmatist , charisse do not let the elephant in the room go unnotice . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 76 . 102 continued : 102 charisse be you sure you guy be up for this ? I mean , you could come over another time , we would not be offended . clare we be fine . be not we Henry ? he try to nod , sure , but the truth be , neither of they be fine . henry the new baby 's six week old and we have never even meet she . suddenly we hear a baby cry . there be a awkward pause . everyone look uncomfortable . charisse okay , I 'il bring she out . Gomez and the childless couple wait for a moment . Gomez for once be completely at a loss . gomez kid 's a big cryer . charisse emerge with a cry , fat baby girl . charisse c’mon , Rosa , come on , baby ... Clare come over to look at he . clare hi there , hi Rosa ... charisse hand the baby over to Clare , who hold he . clare ( cont 'd ) ohhhh , she 's so beautiful . Clare light up as she take she in she arm . she be a natural . her face glow . clare ( cont 'd ) hold she , Henry . he shake he head . continued : 102 103 104 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 77 . continued : 102 henry Excuse I . I just gotta get some ... he leave the room . charisse motion for Gomez to go with he . int . live room - day 103 Gomez find Henry stare out at the street . it be snow . gomez you okay ? henry do not mind I . Gomez put he hand on Henry 's shoulder . gomez Clare still upset about the miscarriage ? henry miscarriages . plural . gomez you know there 's ... other way to go . henry Clare want to keep try . gomez and you do not . henry I think it 's kill we . ext . red brick build shopping STREET - sunset 104 Clare and Henry walk home in silence . they pass a little girl ( alba ) , sit on a stoop , watch they . Clare smile at she as they pass . Henry notice this . after a moment , he decide to dive right in . henry I think we should adopt . clare no . continued : 104 105 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 78 . continued : 104 henry why Clare ? why be it so all important that it be we baby ? clare that 's not what it 's about . henry then what be it ? clare Henry ... I want some part of you , a part of we , that will stay with I , that I can actually hold on to ... henry Clare ... clare what be wrong with my want one normal thing in my life ? one normal everyday occurrence , to be a mother , to bear a child , the child of the man I love . why can not I have that ? henry I have travel to the future , many time , and I have never see we with a baby , never ... clare I do not want to hear this . she start to walk ahead of he . henry we can not go through another loss ! she cover she ear and continue walk . we hold on Henry 's face . int . dr . osman 's office - day 105 Henry be lie on a special contraption in a urologist 's office . he look far away . dr . osman hover over he for a moment . continued : 105 106 107 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 79 . continued : 105 dr . osman okay , Henry . just to be official about this , I need to ask you one last time , if you be sure ... henry I sign the papers . dr . osman yes , I know . but ...a vasectomy be rarely a one - party decision . henry well this time ... it be . end of discussion . int . dr . osman '’s office - waiting room - day 106 Henry walk through the wait room with some difficulty . nurse be you all right ? would you like we to call someone , a cab ? Henry wave she off and head into the corridor . he 's make it about ten step and we can tell he look woozy . he hurry toward the man 's room . ext . meadow - day 107 the tree be bare and it be cold . Henry stand , wrapping a old sweater around he , as Clare , now 18 , run down into the meadow toward he . clare Henry ! ( she sneeze , wiping she nose on she sleeve ) I have a cold . henry sorry about that . he wince a bit , in pain from the operation . shift he weight . clare be you okay ? continued : 107 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 80 . continued : 107 henry I just ... do not feel like be here right now . clare be it I ? do I do something ...? henry do something ? God , the universe be perverse sometimes . I do something for you . it be hard and you will not like it , that 's all I can say . clare what be it ? henry I can not tell you . I be not even go to tell you in the present . clare then why do you do it ? henry to stop we from fight . clare we be fight ? why ? henry that 's none of you business . clare just once . one time , will you tell I the answer to something I be ask you ? henry you be a kid ... without apparent premeditation , Clare slap Henry , hard . he step back . henry ( cont 'd ) hit I again . she be confuse and shake she head . clare what be wrong with you ! continued : 107 108 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 81 . continued : 107 henry do it . I want you to hurt I . Clare , really angry , grab Henry 's hand and bite it hard . in retaliation , he reach out and kiss she , very roughly . she pull back . clare that 's be not very nice . henry I be sorry . Clare ... she start to cry . clare you never kiss I before . now Henry really hate himself . henry oh Clare . just forget that . just erase it . come here . please . she tentatively step forward . he kiss she again . it be a moment this young girl have be wait a long time for . clearly , this time he do it right . CUT to : int . clare 's studio - day 108 Clare be in she studio , make paper . she be spread out the slab of pulp with she hand , smoothing it , shaping it with a trowel . Henry come in . sits. sneeze . clare you sick ? henry I be with you . in the meadow . you have a cold . clare ( smile ) that be the first time we kiss . a long beat . we feel for the first time the long history between they , all the thing they do not have to say . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 82 . 108 continued : henry I do something . I do something I feel I have to do . Clare look down . clare do not tell I ... henry what ? clare do not tell I something that 's go to make I hate you . henry I have a vasectomy . she do not respond . henry ( cont 'd ) if you want a baby I will be happy to adopt one , or we can get a sperm donor , but I be not create another child with my ... genetic makeup , who will die . clare ( barely audible ) how dare you ? henry what ? clare how dare you ?! after everything I have give you ?! everybody warn I ... henry Clare ... clare you trick I ! you trick I into loving you ! you come to the meadow and insert yourself into the heart and mind of a young girl . you think I want this life ? a husband who disappear without any warning ?! who would want that ? only I , a little child who love you . ( more ) 108 continued : 108 109 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 83 . continued : 108 clare ( cont 'd ) who believe in you ! I never have a choice ! henry ( stunne ) if what you want so desperately be to have a baby , you own baby , you do have a choice . you can do it if I step out of the way . clare get out . get out of here ! her eye start to well up . Henry turn and walk away . Clare be alone for a moment . after a time she kick over she paper bin . goop spill out over the floor , then , she hear something : a car start . she run outside . ext . driveway 109 Henry be in the car , pull out of the driveway . clare Henry , you can not drive . what be you do ? what be you do ?!!! Clare rush out into the street . she be run after Henry , who be drive down the street , wildly . her p.o.v . it be clear he have not drive before . he miss a stop sign and a car shoot out in front of he . he brake fast to avoid it and swerve up onto a curb . he slam on the brake and put the car in park . clare run , arrive at window , breathless , afraid to find the car empty . neighbor be come out of they house . as she approach she be grateful to find he inside . he look devastate . she open the door . clare ( cont 'd ) move over . 110 111 112 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 84. int . car 110 Henry slide to the passenger seat as Clare take command of the car and back it into the street . neighbor watch curiously as she drive back toward they house . Clare pull into they driveway and park . clare what the hell be you do ? you could have kill someone . you could have kill yourself . Henry do not answer . Clare stare at he . suddenly it dawns on she that that may be exactly what he be do . clare ( cont 'd ) oh God , Henry . I do not mean it . I do not mean what I say before . he hold she . shush she , petting she hair . she cry . int . bedroom - night 111 it be the middle of the night and Henry and Clare be sound asleep . suddenly , a slightly young Henry appear nude in the moonlight look down at the bed . he be shiver . Clare glance up and see he . confused she look over and see a older Henry lay asleep beside she . clare Henry , what be you do ...? younger henry ( whisper ) shhh . I be freezing , just for a minute ... he peel down the sheet and climb on top of she . Clare groan . his finger lightly cover she mouth . he move in and replace they with he lip . look once more at the handsome youth above she , she close she eye and accept the moment . the young Henry , he eye aglow , enter she and press close . the older Henry barely stir . int . kitchen - day ( spring ) 112 Henry come in with grocery . after a moment , Clare join he . they silently unload the grocery , do that familiar domestic dance , move around each other to put thing away . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 85 . 112 continued : 112 Henry stop and watch she . henry what 's up with you ? clare what ? henry you be weird . you have be weird for week . clare ( long beat ) I be pregnant , Henry . Henry stop with the grocery . clare ( cont 'd ) one night , I wake up , and ... you be in bed with I , but it be not you , I mean it be , but you be young , by about five year . they look at each other . not embrace or hugging , just know what they be in for . clare ( cont 'd ) be you happy ? henry .-. if we lose it again ... clare from this moment on , we be not fight . we be not get excited . if stress be what cause the travel , we be go to make sure that this baby have the most serene gestation on the planet . Henry nod in assent , but we see the conflict in he eye . 113 int . doctor' office - day ( summer ) 113 Henry and Clare be look at a ultrasound of they baby on a monitor above the exam table where dr . oma montague be watch the screen . dr . montague eighteen week and perfectly healthy . ( more ) continued : 113 114 115 116 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 86. continued : 113 dr . montague ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) oh , I can see the sex . it 's a girl . clare a girl ?! Clare be excited , but she try to mellow it down . keep serene . they look at the image , the little heart beat on the monitor . on henry , he face still register a modicum of doubt . int . bedroom - day ( fall ) 114 Clare be very pregnant now , lie on the bed , look at a book of baby name . clare what about Mia ? that 's a pretty name . or caroline ? int . bathroom 115 Henry be shave . he do not like this . henry where do you get that book ? clare ( 0.s. ) charisse give it to I . henry I be not sure I be ready to ... pick a name . he rinse he face . see he hand be shaking . he start to ... fall backward ... the razor clatter to the ground . clare ( 0.s. ) ( sound very distant ) I just want some idea ... int . field museum of natural history - day 116 Henry complete he fall in a dinosaur diorama in the field Museum . he be hide behind a woolly mammoth that be be stalk by a group of plaster neanderthals . a group of school child be look at the display and he freeze . he look strangely appropriate to the set . as soon as the child move on he search for a door in the diorama and find it just as a new group of student arrive . CUT to : 117 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 87. int . field museum of natural history - exit - day 117 Henry be in a janitor 's outfit exite a door say '' maintenance '' . he see another group of child look at a diorama with they teacher . they be all about 10 year old . and then , to he amazement , one of the girl turn and look directly at he . she have a amaze look in she eye . suddenly she call out . alba daddy ? Henry freeze . alba ( cont 'd ) daddy ! she break from the group and run over to he , hugging he with all she might . everyone be stare at they . the teacher hurry over . teacher alba , who be this ? alba he 's my daddy . teacher ( disbely ) alba , you father 's dead . Henry be speechless . alba be look at he . he find he voice . henry I be she uncle . it 's alright . alba turn to the teacher , pick right up on he ruse . she 's very good at it . alba he 's my uncle , but I call he daddy sometimes . teacher ( doubtful ) alba , you need to stay with the group . ( beat ) if you uncle would like to join we ... continued : 117 118 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 88 . continued : 117 alba take Henry 's hand . they follow the group , but lag behind ... int . field museum of natural history - MAIN hall - day 118 and as a docent talk to the kid , alba whisper to Henry . henry alba . this be the first time I have ever meet you . alba ( smile ) how do you do ? henry how old be you ? alba ten. henry how old be you ... when I die ? alba five. henry ( crush ) ... five ? alba I be sorry . I should not have tell you . henry it 's okay . it 's okay . ( beat ) I have never travel past my own life . alba you tell I it start after you see I for the very first time , when I be still in mommy 's belly . henry how be you mother ? alba she 's okay . sad . continued : 118 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 89 . continued : 118 henry ( keep it together ) and what about you ? tell I about you . how be school ? what be you learn ? alba not much at school . but I read all the time . I be read about Egypt and Mom and I be read '' Lord of the ring '' and gramp be teach I the violin . henry ( in disbelief ) you mean ... my dad ? alba uh huh . he say I be really good . it run in the family . and I hear grandma sing . it be beautiful . at the opera , in Chicago . aida . Henry be stunne . she nod . henry you go ...? you time travel there ? alba 9 Mom say you and I be exactly alike . except Dr. kendrick say I be a prodigy because mostly I can go exactly where I like . henry you can control it ? when you leave and when you come back ? alba I see you and mommy walk on the street . you walk right by I . I smile . henry you do ? alba you be argue . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 90 . 118 continued : 118 henry i’1l bet. ( beat ) oh God , alba , I be so happy to meet you . so happy . alba I too daddy . I too . they hug . on the teacher who look back to alba ... her p.o.v . alba be now stand alone . teacher alba , where 's you uncle ? alba he have to go . 119 int . master bedroom - day 119 Clare be still in the bed , look at the baby book , when Henry come in from the bathroom . clare that be a long shave . henry Clare . I meet alba. clare alba ...? henry we daughter . we name she alba . clare you meet she ? henry in the future . she be 10 . she be so smart ... so beautiful . you be go to love she so much . clare oh my God . we have a daughter , Henry . alba . they smile at each other , like kid . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 91 . 119 continued : 119 clare ( cont 'd ) it 's all go to be alright . this remind Henry of alba 's comment . that he would be dead by the time she be five . but he be not go to spoil this moment . it 's just a brief shadow , pass across he face . henry yes . it 's all go to be fine . CUT to : 120 ext . clare and henry 's house - night ( winter ) 120 Henry , carry a overnight bag , be escort Clare to a wait car , where gomez be drive . 121 int . gomez 's car - night 121 Clare and Henry pile in . Gomez , groggy , turn around . gomez do not even think of drench my car in amniotic fluid . henry just drive ! clare ( grip Henry ) do not leave I . henry I will not . 122 int . hospital corridor - night 122 a nurse be push Clare in a wheelchair to a birthing room . Henry be hurry just behind they . clare Henry !!! henry right here . clare stay where I can see you !!! he scurries to she side and take she hand . 123 124 125 126 127 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 92 . int . hospital - day 123 Clare be in the hospital delivery room surround by she doctor , nurse , and Henry . she be panting . she whisper to he . clare Henry ...look ... Henry look back over he shoulder ... he p.o.v. of four other henrys , all older than the present Henry , dress in doctor 's coat and wear surgical mask . Henry smile , as Clare scream out , she be pushing ... doctor okay push . she 's come . she 's almost here . Clare push and yell . alba come cry into the world . CUT to : int . baby 's room - day ( spring ) 124 we hear a violin playing , as the camera pan off the window to reveal richard serenade he granddaughter who be lie in a bassinet . Gomez and charisse be there , and Clare 's parent , as we pan out of the room to ... int . clare 's bedroom - day ( summer ) 125 alba be a toddler now , take she first step . Clare and Henry be on the floor , clap and encourage she to come . the camera pan onward , pass into ... int . live room - day ( fall ) 126 the same piece be be play by two violin , as we come across Richard , sit in a chair , play , and the movement of the camera reveal ... alba , now four , play a small violin , meeting she grandpa 's eye . she make a mistake and laugh . the camera pan on to ... int . kitchen - day ( winter ) 127 where Clare be take a birthday cake out of a bakery box . she set a candle in the shape of a five on the center of the cake ... the camera pan beyond the number five to ... continued : 127 128 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 93 . continued : 127 henry , look at it . know what it signifies to he . he take a deep breath . smile at Clare . CUT to : int . house - day 128 Henry and Clare be hang streamer and set up for alba 's birthday party . Clare step down from a small ladder , catch a glimpse out the window . her p.o.v . alba , five , be play with another little girl . about ten . they be make a snowman . clare Henry , be the guest already arrive ? henry no. clare who be that , play with alba ? Henry look over . henry that 's alba . clare yes , but who 's with she ? henry Clare , it 's you daughter . they be both you daughter . she 's time travel . Clare gasp . take Henry 's hand . they watch the girl from a distance . after a moment , both albas look up and see they parent . they wave . Clare and Henry look at each other . henry ( cont 'd ) be it too weird ? clare no . I think it 's kind of ... magical . they kiss . the sound of the door open cause they to turn . Little alba be come in . she seem a little disturb , quiet . continued : 128 129 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 94 . continued : 128 clare ( cont 'd ) where 's alba ? alba she 's go . henry you want to talk about it ? alba no . Little alba walk by they and into she room . Henry and Clare exchange glance . int . house - later 129 family and friend be gather around , among they charisse and Gomez and they child . alba listen as they all sing happy birthday to she . she blow out the candle . on clare , smile , clap , she smile turn to a slight frown as she see ... her p.o.v . alba be still upset . on the verge of tear . she go over to Henry and hug he tightly . he get on he knee . whisper something in alba 's ear . it seem to cheer she . she run off to play with she friend . Clare come over to Henry . clare what be that ? henry ( rise ) what be what ? clare why be she upset ? henry she 's fine . she just feel sad for a minute . she 's a very unusual girl . Clare give he a look . clare what do she know , Henry ? continued : 129 130 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07 continued : henry Clare . do not create something out of nothing , she 's fine . Clare glare at he . clare tell I or I 'il imagine the worse . henry go ahead then . imagine . you be go to do it anyway . -13.07 95 . 129 he go off , leave Clare there , pensive , watch she daughter . int . alba 's bedroom - night 130 Clare be dress alba in she jammy , comb out she hair from a bath . clare do you have a nice birthday ? alba yes , mommy . clare I see you hug daddy . I think maybe you be cry . alba get silent . clare ( cont 'd ) honey , if something 's bother you , you can always tell mommy . alba no I can not . clare why not ? alba because daddy tell I not to . Clare sit back on she heel a little . clare and you love daddy . alba be start to get teary again . she nod . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 96 . 130 continued : 130 clare ( cont 'd ) well , I love daddy too . ( beat ) but sometimes ... he can be wrong . and keep secret that he should not keep . alba be look at she . clare ( cont 'd ) do you want to tell mommy what it be ? alba nod . clare ( cont 'd ) it 's alright if you do . I will not tell daddy that you tell I . alba you promise ? clare I promise . alba daddy 's go to die . Clare go white . clare how do you know this ? alba alba tell I . clare uh-huh . alba she tell I that daddy would die when I be five year old . this hit Clare hard , but she mask it . Clare suddenly hug she daughter hard to she . 131 int . live room - night 131 Henry be sit at a desk , work at he computer . Clare enter . sit down on a chair , face he . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 97 . 131 continued : 131 clare how do it happen , Henry ? henry how do what happen ? clare alba tell I . you die when she 's five year old . henry Clare ... we do not know for sure ... clare do not do that . you have to tell I what you know . henry I do not know any more than you know . it have not happen yet . clare the day you fall into we de , you be shot . henry that could be anything ... tear come into Clare 's eye . clare but that 's it , be not it ? you get shot ? henry honestly , I do not know . I wish I could help you ... clare you can . you can do something . do something to change it . henry I be not like alba , I can not control it like she . I can not will myself back in time ... clare maybe she can teach you . henry she 's five year old ! continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 98 . 131 continued : 131 clare please , Henry ! henry alright , what if , what if I find myself in this place where I be go to be shot and I ... I change it . what will happen ? what if I get shot ... somewhere in the past ? and I change that ? it might undo everything . I might never meet you . alba might never be bear . they be stare at each other . henry ( cont 'd ) Cause listen to I . I would not change one single moment of the life I have lead . not even my mother 's death . because I have come to realize , despite all the pain and the loss and the ... time of unhappiness ... I love my life . I love you . I love my daughter . and give the chance , I would change ... nothing . Clare hear this . it sink in . she take he hand . clare just promise I . promise , that when you get there , and you realize this be the moment ... that you will try to stop it . try to save yourself . will you do that ? henry yes . I promise . 132 int . bedroom - night 132 on the bedside clock , pan over to see Henry and Clare be sleep . the phone ring . both of they look at one another . henry hello ? ( he listen , alarmed ) okay . stay there . we ’1ll leave right now . clare who be that ? continued : 132 133 134 135 136 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 99 . continued : 132 henry it be I . I be down in the Monroe Street parking garage , no clothes , fifteen degree below zero . God , I hope the car start . ext . snowy chicago street - night 133 it 's winter . Clare 's car be drive furiously through desert Chicago street . it be frigid and there be snow everywhere . alba be tuck into she car seat , fascinate by they adventure . int . car - night 134 the car be pull into the Monroe Street garage . it be nearly empty . they see a pay phone near the ticket booth . the phone be hang off the hook . Clare take a ticket and begin drive in circle , search for Henry . clare I do not see he . Henry get out of the car ... henry keep drive , I 'il meet you at the next level . ext . parking garage - top level - night 135 the car arrive . the skyline of Chicago be light up , Henry frame against it as he come back to the car . henry it 's empty . there 's no one around . alba maybe you go back . henry I hope so . ext . - garden / henry and clare 's house - evening ( spring ) 136 alba and Clare be work in the garden . Wild spring flower dot the grass . alba where 's daddy ? continued : 136 137 138 139 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 100 . continued : 136 clare he disappear this morning . alba do you think he go to the meadow ? clare do not think about it , honey . he 'il be back soon , I be sure . they hear a scream from inside . int . henry 's and clare house 137 Clare run inside and find Henry lie in the hallway , shiver , he body white and cold . he can barely speak . henry help ...me. Clare take one look at he and run for the phone . int . hospital - day 138 Henry be lie in a hospital emergency room cover in blanket that be flap with he shiver . a resident be examine he . it be clear that he be confuse . resident I have never see anything like this . how on earth do you get hypothermia in April ? Henry be chatter too powerfully to speak . clare will he be all right ? resident we need to warm he up , raise he core temperature . then we will see . they bring in a bucket of warm water . the resident motion for Clare to leave the room . the camera track with she into the hallway . from inside the room , she hear Henry scream . int . hospital cafeteria - day 139 Clare be sit with Gomez and charisse . Dr. kendrick come in and join they at the table . continued : 139 140 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 continued : dr . kendrick I just speak with the attend physician . it 's go to be okay , Clare . he save the foot . clare oh , thank God . thank god. he put he arm around she . dr . kendrick but he will not be able to use it for a while . he 'il be in a wheelchair for a few month . clare no way . that 's no good . he have to be able to walk , to run . if he can not run ... that 's how he survive . Clare and Gomez share a look . then Clare look away . int . henry 's and clare bedroom —- day ( summer ) 101 . 139 140 Henry lie in bed curl up . the door open and alba come in , hold she teddy bear . she walk past a wheelchair over to she father who smile weakly as he see she . she climb into bed with he . he reach out to stroke she hair . alba daddy ? henry hmm ? alba be you die ? henry no. alba be you go to have to be in this chair from now on ? henry I be not sure . he pull she close . continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 102 . 140 continued : 140 henry ( cont 'd ) thing be happen fast now , sweetheart . I be travel a lot , it might be the drug they be give I for the pain . I do not understand everything I see . alba that happen to I too . he hug she tight . alba ( cont 'd ) try to stay , daddy . henry how do you do it ? alba when I feel like I be go . I sing . I sing to myself . henry let 's sing then ... alba and henry '' the wheel on the bus go round and round , round and round , round and round , the wheel on the bus go round and round ... '' but Henry 's voice cut out . alba sit up . his pajamas be empty in the bed cover . 141 ext . henry and clare 's house - night ( winter ) 141 Henry have materialize in the bush . he can hear people in the neighborhood bang pot and shouting , '' happy New Year ! '' some firecracker go off . a burst of red firework explode in the distant sky . he p.o.v . he see Clare sit alone on the porch . she look sad . then , someone call she , with urgency ... '' Clare ! '' she run in . Henry pull himself up with the help of some hedge , unable to move he leg . he look through the window : he p.o.v . he see himself lie naked on the live room floor . his stomach be blow open . blood be everywhere . Clare kneel at he side . people in New Year 's Eve party hat be gather around he , look down in shock . continued : 141 142 143 144 145 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 103 . continued : 141 Henry 's hand press against the window , and then ... he hand be gone , leave only the imprint there . int . henry and clare 's bedroom - day 142 alba be stare at the camera . alba where have you go ? reverse angle to Henry . he have just return . he be subdued by the vision of he own death . henry it be New Year 's Eve . I guess it be about ... five month from now . we be ... we be have a party . alba goodie . I like party . ext . henry and clare house ( fall ) 143 the leave be change . int . house - same 144 Henry be wheeling himself in he chair over to alba , who be kneel at a door and work on how to pick a lock . henry no , you need to feel it . it will tell you when to twist . she work at it some more and then suddenly we hear the tumbler move . the door unlock . henry ( cont 'd ) that 's my girl . CUT to : the kitchen - another day 145 Henry hold up a onion and look at he wife . henry okay . this ... be a onion . clare yes . I have read about they . continued : 145 146 147 148 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 104 . continued : 145 Henry wheel himself to the counter and pull out a knife . henry very good . onion add flavor to almost every dish , soup broth , rice . now , to peel a onion , you take a very sharp knife , lay the aforementioned onion sideways on a cut board and remove each end , like so . int . kitchen - another day 146 Henry talk Clare through the preparation of a chicken . int . kitchen - another day 147 Clare and alba and Henry be roasting a chicken . int . dine room - night 148 Clare bring out a finish meal to she husband and daughter . she put it in front of they and serve some to each plate . cautiously , Henry take he first bite . Clare look at he expectantly . he smile . henry this be good . this be really good . it 's terrific , Clare . clare it be nothing . it only take thirteen year . henry but it be worth wait for . she kiss he . suddenly alba jump from the table and look out the window . she exclaim excitedly . alba look everyone , it 's snow ! clare maybe we will have a white Christmas after all . it 's be a long time . on henry , pensive -- the end of the year bring the vision of he death at New Year 's closer . 149 150 151 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 105 . int . live room - evening ( winter ) 149 Clare and alba be decorate the top of a lovely Christmas tree . Henry , in he wheelchair be work on the bottom . alba can we open the present tonight ? clare what present ? Santa do not come until after you be asleep . alba I already look in the closet . clare what closet ? alba , it be lock . she grin . henry Christmas be in the morning . that 's the rule . no present on Christmas Eve . alba well , what be we go to do then ? CUT to : int . livingroom - evening - later 150 the whole family be gather around the fireplace listen to Henry 's mother sing . the song '' es ist ein ros entsprungen . '' we recognize it as the song she be sing to Henry when they be drive in the car , that Christmas , so long ago . Henry watch he family work on the tree , listen to the music . a boy 's choir be now join in with he mother , sing another verse of the song . Henry wipe tear from he eye , even as he smile . int . henry 's and clare 's house - night 151 the boy 's choir continue on the soundtrack , as we observe a party , in full swing , but silent , only the choir sing . it be New Year 's Eve . the house be full of guest all wear New Year 's Eve party hat . Dr. kendrick be there , charisse continued : 151 152 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 106 . continued : 151 and Gomez , Richard , other . alba be run around toot a horn and make lot of noise . on henry , as he wheel into the live room . he pause . he p.o.v . he see the room laid out before he . it remind of something ... the image he have of himself , die ; the only thing miss be he own body , lie bleed on the floor . he wheel over to the bar , where Gomez be get a drink . henry hey , Gomez . let 's go outside . gomez it 's cold out there . henry you be get soft in you old age . just for a minute . Gomez shrug and wheel he outside . ext . porch - continuous 152 it be cold . gomez what 's up , boss ? henry just ... thanks for everything . you have be the best . gomez what the hell be you say ? henry something ... might happen tonight . and I want to tell you ... I know I have be a pain in the ass every now and then but it 's be great . it 's be really great . Gomez look at he , unable to speak . gomez Henry ... suddenly Clare appear at the door with a blanket . continued : 152 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 107 . continued : 152 clare be you guy crazy ? Henry , put this on . henry Gomez , can you give we a second ? Gomez , tear welling in he eye , lean over and kiss Henry . he leave . clare what be that about ? henry Clare ... it 's time . clare what ? henry this be the night . I see it . I travel here , a few month ago . clare Henry , no . henry here , sit in my lap . she sit , cover they both with a blanket . clare why do not you tell I ? why do you let I invite all this people ? henry I do not want you to be alone . clare Henry . you be go to stop it . right ? you be go to ... do whatever you can do ... henry I will . Clare look in he eye . clare I be scared . he kiss she . they hear people shouting . Henry look up . continued : 152 153 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 108 . continued : 152 he p.o.v . a red burst of firework go off in the sky . people ( v.o . ) it 's time . it 's time . come on everybody . ten , nine , eight ... where be Henry and Clare ...? on henry ...his hand be shaking ... and we be ... ext . clare 's meadow - morning 153 Henry , naked and disorient , be in the meadow . it be cold and there be snow on the ground . he do not have the use of he leg . he be look for the clothes Clare usually leave for he , instead he see ... he p.o.v. a deer , stare at he . it be majestic and beautiful . he hear Clare 's father and brother , approach ... MARK it be over here . and then , he see something else , he eye go wide ... clare , at six year old , be walk toward the deer . she do not see Henry . she 's hold some of she father 's clothes , fold up . she smile , reach out to the deer . MARK ( cont 'd ) I can not see it ... phillip wait for a sound . Henry see the deer start to move ... he p.o.v . he can see the bulky silhouette of Phillip , through the grass , see he raise he rifle ... henry no , no , Clare ... Henry move in the grass , try to reach she ... Phillip turn suddenly , see Henry 's movement and fire he rifle . Henry 's body be blow out of the frame . the camera hold on the gently sway grasses still move behind he . continued : 153 154 155 156 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 109 . continued : 153 the deer run off . Clare , alarmed , run toward the meadow , drop the clothes . from overhead we see Mark and Phillip at the edge of the meadow , look in through the grass , try to find they kill . there be nothing there but a mass of blood on the white trample snow . Clare arrive through the tree . Phillip be shocked to see she . he grab she up , hold she . int . henry and clare 's den - night 154 we have see this scene before , earlier in the film , but this time it be from the wounded Henry 's point of view , as he lie on the floor , look up at they , mortally wounded . Henry , Clare , charisse and Gomez be hover over he . he can barely talk . older henry this be all wrong . clare where be you come from ? he disappear . ext . henry 's and clare house - night 155 Clare sit on the porch . she hear ... a loud scream . she get up , run into ... int . house - continuous 156 Henry 's naked wounded body be on the floor . people be aghast . his stomach be blow open . blood be everywhere . people in New Year 's Eve party hat be gather around he , look down in shock . firework be explode in the distance . henry Clare . Clare kneel down beside she husband . he can barely speak . henry ( cont 'd ) I try ... clare Henry , do not talk . Dr. kendrick pull that red blanket off the couch and come rush over to cover Henry 's wound . continued : 156 157 158 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 continued : henry I love you ... clare Henry ... he look up and see he daughter stare at he . henry alba , my sweetheart ... alba . she crouch beside she dad , stroking he forehead . Henry look back at alba and Clare . outside we hear firecracker and the sound of horn blaring and people cheer . his eye follow the sound to ... 110 . 156 he p.o.v . the window ... the frost handprint of the other Henry evaporate there . gomez ( 0.s. ) I think we better call the police . int . bedroom - day 157 the shade be draw and Clare be in she room . alba come in and lie beside she mother . alba it 's okay , mommy . he ’1ll be back someday . Clare hug she daughter . clare I miss he , alba . I miss he so much . ext . clare 's meadow - day 158 alba , about 8 year old , be play with two friend in the meadow . they be hit a whiffle ball with a bat , run around , play baseball . the ball roll into bush . alba run to get it , and ... then ... she stop ... henry stand at the other end of the meadow . alba daddy ? continued : 158 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 111 . continued : 158 Henry , 40 , hear the name and he head swivel in she direction . they eye meet . for a moment they do not move . and then alba , she face explode in a huge smile , run toward he . alba ( cont 'd ) daddy !! I know I have see you again . I know it . henry alba . when be this ? how old be you ? alba I be eight . henry you mother still leave clothes here . alba she say you never know . alba be look at he . alba ( cont 'd ) oh daddy . you be so handsome . ( the other kid come over ) you remember Max and Rosa do not you ? Gomez 's kid ? henry yeah . you be so grow up . they be stare at Henry like he be a ghost . alba run back to the house , you guy . tell my mom he 's here . tell she to come . Henry and alba sit on the log . where he and Clare have sit so many time before . alba ( cont 'd ) tell I the story . of how you and mama meet . henry do not she tell you ? continued : the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 112. 158 continued : 158 alba she do , but not as good as you do . henry well , it be right here . in this meadow . and one fine day you mother , who be only a tiny thing whose hair be bigger than she be , go out to the clear and there be a man there - alba with no clothes . henry with not a stitch on he . and after you mother give he a blanket she happen to be carry , he explain to she that he be a time traveler , and for some reason I 'il never understand , she believe he . alba because it 's true . they hear Clare call , breathless , at a distance ... clare ( v.0 . ) Henry ?! Henry ?! Henry rise . henry ( feel strange ) I think I be go ... alba no , daddy , sing ... henry I can not sing ... he begin to murmur , not really sing ... henry ( cont 'd ) '' the wheel on the bus go round and round ... '' 159 160 161 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 113 . ext . yard 159 Clare , now in she mid thirty , be push through the tree , try to get there ... clare Henry ! ext . meadow 160 on henry , singing , out of tune ... henry '' , .. the wheel on the bus go round and round , all through the town ... '' wide shot as Clare arrive in the meadow . her p.o.v . Henry , at a distance , turn to look at she . they eye meet ... and then ... he disappear . clare Henry ...wait ... Clare hang she head . she breathes hard . alba come to she . she put she arm around she mother 's waist . Clare stand . she hold she stomach , with one hand , the other , wipe away a tear . she want to see he , to touch he ... so much . she shake she head , look up , as the shot widen out to include the whole meadow . the picture seem to shift , transform to black and white ... int . clare 's studio - late afternoon 161 a large art piece be laid out on the floor ; a huge photograph of the meadow print on canvas . it have element of painting and draw . a older woman 's hand be work on the canvas , reach across it , as we pan up the arm to reveal ... clare herself , sit on the floor , work . she be clearly older , in she eighty . her hair be gray but she manner be youthful . she be hum , happily . and then , suddenly she stop work . her ear perk up , listen . she turn toward the door ... she hear a sound ... a door open ? she look up . stands . clare p.o.v . at the end of the long hallway , the door be ajar ... and there be a figure , in the shadow , or be there ? continued : 161 the time traveler 's wife - White prod. draft - 07.13.07 114 . continued : 161 on clare face ... as we hear footstep , yes , definitely , footstep . and on she face , a smile of utter contentment bloom , as tear start to fill she eye . clare hello Henry . hold on she face . the end