of ( 's er " 8/93 fade in : cut of memphis elvis statue , depressed city life . it 's summer . it 's hot . you could fry egg on the sidewalk . a dj 's twang fade in and out . cut of " tucker wheel estate " trailer park - morning sad . funky . camera find a rusted trailer . int . sways ' trailer - close on department store portrait of two boy ( Mark and ricky sway ) at seven and five . radio drone . close on MARK sway now eleven . Street -wise . eye search . a adult female figure busily pop in and out of frame . it be dianne sway , Mark 's young , fragment mother . at twenty - seven , she already look somehow fade , she know the best part of she life be behind she . he Pov her open purse , cigarette package show . MARK never take he eye off the purse . dianne + + + and do not let ricky read that scary comic ... he can not sleep . as she disappear for a second into the tiny bathroom of they tiny trailer , Mark move at the speed of sound and pilfer four cigarettes from she pack . he leap back as she come out of the bathroom . dianne you hear what I be sayin ' ? shoot , I be gonna be late for work again . she have not catch he . but suddenly Mark see who have . ricky he nine - year- old brother , be watch he . usted . ext . trailer park - later Mark walk away from the seedy park as ricky tag along . they climb over a fence and head into a wild wood area . MARK you know the rule . ricky yeah , if I tell anyone , you will beat I up . MARK that 's right . ricky and I can smoke only one a day . MARK that 's right . if I catch you smoking more than that , then you be in trouble . and if I find out you be drink beer or mess with drug , then -- ricky I know , I know . you will beat I up again . MARK right. ricky how many do you smoke a day ? MARK only one . ricky will one a day kill I ? MARK not anytime soon . one a day be pretty safe . more than that , and you could be in trouble . ricky how many do Mom smoke a day ? MARK two pack . ricky how many be that ? , MARK forty . ( continued ) continued : ricky wow . then she 's in big trouble . MARK Mom 's get all kind of trouble . I do not think she 's worried about cigarettes . ricky how many do dad smoke a day ? MARK four or five pack . a hundred a day . ricky then he 's gonna die soon , right ? they move deeper and deeper into the wood , chest high in weed . they approach a tree with a long rope hang ' from a branch , and a stump situate close by . MARK sit there . Mark smile , put the cigarette in he mouth , flick a lighter before ricky 's eye , and light the cigarette . MARK De not try to swallow the smoke . you be not ready for that yet . just suck a little then blow the smoke out . ricky okay . ricky ease the wet filter to he lip . his hand shake , and he take a couple short drag . success . he smile . ricky Te 's easy . no big deal . ricky tastes kind of funny . this be fun . MARK se why be you hand shaking ? ( continued ) continued : ricky they be not . then ricky hear something . a low , rushing sound come from a dirt road nearby . MARK ( whisper ) just sit still . a shiny , brand - new lincoln , drive at high speed , come bounce and bang down the overgrown dirt road and roar into the clear . both boy throw themselves flat on they belly as the lincoln 's engine stop and suddenly the driver 's door kick open . the driver step out , into the weed . he be @ chubby , bearded man in a black suit , with a wild look in he eye . he be cry , mumble , and hold a bottle of whiskey . Mark watch the man stumble to the rear of the car , fumble with the key , and open the trunk . he remove @ water hose , and stick one end inte the exhaust pipe . ricky what 's he do ? shhhh ! the man ( jerome clifford ) run the other end of the hose through @ crack in the leave rear window and crawl back into the car . MARK ( whisper ) Jesus Christ ... he 's try to kill himself ! ricky hew de you know ? MARK I see this in a movie once . ricky why do he want to kill himself ? MARK how be I suppose to know ? we have gotta do something . ( continued ) continued : ricky yeah , let 's get the hell outa here ! MARK no ! just be still a minute . ricky how long do it take ? MARK not very long . Mark grab ricky by the shoulder . MARK you stay here , okay . if you move , I will kick you ass . ricky what be you do ? MARK just stay here ! I mean it ! Mark begin to crawl through the weed , towards the car . ricky watch Mark slither awsey from he . Mark inch he way to the car , take care not to create too much movement in the weed . he slide on he belly until he be in the shadow of the trunk . he reach up to the exhaust pipe , easily dislodge the hose , and let it drop to the ground . Mark smile , and retrace he trail with a bit more speed . ricky watch Mark make it back to they hide place . Mark leap in , and crouch next to ricky . ricky let 's go ! MARK no , let 's stay and make sure he 's okay . there seem to be no movement come from the car . the engine continue to idle . ricky you think he 's dead ? MARK I do not know . suddenly , the door be kick open again , and clifford leap out . the boy watch he swagger . ( continued ) continued : clifford , cry and stumbling , stop , and see the dislodge water hose . clifford Jesus ... he bend down , and shove the hose back into the tail pipe , then get back in the car . MARK he 's crazy as hell . ricky let 's get out of here . MARK we can not . if he kill himself , and we see it or know about it , then we could get in all ' kind of trouble . ricky then we will not tell anyone ! just stay down . we be not leave until I say we be leave ! ricky close he eye , and try not to start cry . Mark be on he hand and knee again , deep in the weed and head towards the car . ricky ( cry ) just let he die , Mark . int . jerome clifford black lincoln continental clifford inhale and exhales strongly . his nostril flare . tear stream from he eye . a half - empty bottle of Jack Daniela be clutch in he loose hand . a pistol lie on the seat next to he , pill scattered everywhere . clifferd sigh . he take the bottle , unscrew the cap , and gulp , glance in the rearview mirror . he Pov - through mirror the weed move behind he car . - 7 . ext . underneath black lincoln Mark tye in the shadow of the black lincoln , and be about to dislodge the hose from the tail pipe again , when suddenly he be grab by the strong clutches of Jerome clifford . clifford you ! you little bastard . Mark scream . ricky freak . cliford grab Mark by the hair , and fling he onto the trunk of the car . Mark kick and squirm , and clfford slap he with a fat hand . clifford 's wild , glow face be just inch away . his eye be red and wet . clifford you little bastard . Mark be yank off the trunk by he collar . clifford drag he around the cart , through the weed to the driver 's open door , and throw he inside . ricky be shaking . int . clifford black lincoln Mark be hurl across the black leather seat . terrify , he lunge at the door handle and search for a door lock switch when clifford fall behind the steering wheel , close the door , and push the lock button . Mark be freeze , try to orientate himself . both of they pant , the air thicken with fume . clifford I think we should die together . MARK please let I out of here ! clifford swig the whiskey . clifford sorry , kid . you have to be a cute ass , have to stick you dirty little nose into my business , do not you ? so I think we should die together . okay ? just you and I , pel . off to la la land . sweet dream . Mark notice the pistol sit between then . ( continued ) continued : clifford you want the gun ? | mane no sir . clifford so why be you look at it ? | mn ! T be not . clifford pick up the pistol , and aim it dead on at Mark . | , clifford do not lie to I , because if you do , I will kill you . I be crazy as t hell , okay , and I will kill you . : MARK | I do not want to die . I take care of my mother and my little brother . clifford j aw , be not that sweet . a real man of the house . ! clifford shiver , and inhale the poison air deeply . clifford you have a choice , kid . i'11 blow you brain out , and it 's over now , or the gas will get you . you choice . Mark look out the cloudy windshield . MARK why be you do this ? clifford ' Cause ! I have be drive crazy . you see , my beloved buddy in death , we lawyer hear all sort of private stuff that we can never repeat . ext . wood ricky look at the big car . tear stream down he face . he be terrify . int . car clifford be get hazy . the gun lie in he lap , he finger rest dully on the trigger . clifford I gotta tell you , kid , it 's nice ving you here . no one want to die alone . what 's you name ? MARK Mark . clifford Mark who ? Mark sway ... what 's you name ? clifford Jerome clifford , but you can call I ' romey . ' that 's what friend call I , and since you and I be pretty tight now , you can call I ' romey . ' ext . woop the car sit there , idling sinisterly . ricky tremble in fear for he brother , int . car clifford scribbles on paper . clifford we have get a few minute leave , any last word , Mark ? MARK yeah , why be you do this ? clifford . " Cause if I do not kill myself , he will ... MARK who ... ? clifford ' the blade . 's Barry ' the blade . 's ( look at watch ; . laugh ) he 's wait for I in a New Orleans restaurant right now . + cconttanien '' continued : MARK why do this ' blade 's guy want to kill you ? romey set the gun down on the seat while he pop a few more pill and gulp liquor . clifford " Cause I be the only one who know where the body be bury !! he laugh , cough . Mark wait for he chance to grab the gun . whose body ? ext . wood ricky look around , take a breath , and then lower himself to the ground . he begin to creep he way towards the car . he be shaking and cry . int . car clifford my client kill a man and hide the body , and now my client want to kill I . they have make I crazy . hal he ! this be great , Mark . this be wonderful . I , the trust lawyer , can now tell you , literally second before we float away , where the body be . the body , Mark , the most notorious undiscovered corpse of we time . do not you read the papers ? Mark be wait for just the right moment to grab the gun . ext . woodss ricky muster up some courage and begin crawl towards the car . he be shaking and cry . int . car Mark get ready to grab the gun . ( continued ) continued : clifford + ; still bury there . can you believe it ? ext . underneath black lincoln ricky be ¢rawling towards the back of car , tremble . int . car Mark be ready to make he move . . clifford ++.°f.b.i. dig up half of New Orleans try to find it ... guess ' the blade 's be not so stupid after all ... Mark 's hand edge towards gun . ext . car ricky look up at the hose . int . car_ Mark grab the gun . clifford laugh . clifford go ahead , pull the trigger , kid . I will be dead and you will go free . Mark 's hand shake . clifford go ahead !!! ext . car ricky , tremble , reach for hose . int . car clifford scream : clifford pull_the trigger !!! ( continued ) 12 . continued : Mark can not do it . he drop the pistol and close he eye . immediately clifford grab the gun , wave it wildly in front of Mark 's face . Mark freak . ext . car ricky , shaking , reach for the hose . int . car just as clifford pull the trigger . the noise be over - whelming in the close car . Mark scream as a thousand crack appear around the bullet hole in the window , and clifford scream along with Mark : clifford tt work ! it work ! ext . lincoln ricky wet he pants . int . car Mark unlock the door while open the door handle with he leave hand . he ram he shoulder inte the docr and roll ... outside lincoln Mark land on he hand and knee and instantly regains he foot , racing toward the tall weed . pass ricky , still breathe in huge , rag breath . Mark stop , look to see if he 's be follow , but the lincoln just idle patiently in the sun , one door cpen . : MARK come op ! but ricky do not move . keeping one eye on the linceln , Mark run back to ricky , grab the boy' arm , but the little bey seem daze , unable to move . Mark shake he . ricky , damn y-- suddenly the driver 's door open and clifford stumble out , hold the pistol . he can barely stand , and he eye seem unfocus . ( continued ) 13 . continued : he spin around , shading he eye from the fierce sun . he cail out weakly : clifford hey , you little son-of - a-bitch ! where be you ? I know where you be ! in tall weed Mark and ricky duck low and hide . clifford be mumble loudly as he stagger to the rear of the car , and see the garden hose lie harmlessly in the grass . Mark and ricky watch with fear as he foot come near . clifford swagger like a slain minotaur . clifford goddamn kid ! clifford then take the gun , and routinely stick it deep in he mouth , clenching it between he tooth . Mark and ricky freak as they hear a gun blast . clifford almost fall on top of they . ricky scream . int . antoine be ( new orlean french qtr . ) - late afternoon a silvery blade plunge into a maraschino cherry , lift it into the air on its tip . the cherry be clench be - tween a set of white tooth , and swallow by -- barry " the blade '' muldanno handsome , he be wear a dark green , double - breast suit . his hair be black , pull to the back in a small pony tail . he be both attractive , and dangerous . he be stand alone at the dim bar , make eye with a sexy blonde waitress , who be load she tray with drink . he look down at he wrist , and check he watch : 6:40 . ( to himself ) goddamn all . ext . antoine be - late afternoon muldanno walk out into the crowded , humid night . 14 . '' ext . SMALL alley across STREET - same time across the street be a small alley . a figure move out of the shadow , and photograph muldanne walk away up the street . it be FBI special agent scherff . ext . courtyard muldanno bound up a narrow staircase , two step at a time . he reach the top landing , and head towards the " law office of jerome clifford . '' int . office of jerome clifford muldanno enter the flashy office . a assistant ( frank ) be clean up he desk , get ready to leave . barry where 's romey ? frank I do not know . Mr. muldunno , he be not in all day . Barry indicate a car with two man in it , park across the street . barry maybe I have not make myself clear -- you boss have get my life in he hand -- I heis . now , God hate a liar : that 's what my mother always say . frank ( truly scared ) but I be net lie , Mr. muldano . truly . Barry take cut he knife . Frank 's voice go high . frank why would I lie ? he do not slwaya tell I where he go . I be just a clerk , and -- barry sh-h . Frank instantly stop talk . so cool , so calm , Barry open a heavy metal file drawer and indicate where the door would close . ( continued ) er eee continued : barry put you hand here . confused , terrify , Frank start to put he hand where Barry indicate , hesitates , then finally do it . Barry move so that he be in a position to slam the drawer on Frank 's hand . frank I swear it , honest to God , why would I -- barry sh-h . tentatively , Frank move he hand away from the spot . barry ( still soft ; patient ) no , put it back . ( as Frank do ) do you understand that this be important to I ? ( loud ) T do not know wh -- and Barry slam the drawer on Frank 's hand . the sound be awful -- @ muffled chunk , like hit a side of beef with a hammer . Frank , he mouth stretch wide in a silent 0 of pain , go dewn on he knee , stare at he injure hand as if he 's never see it before . Barry kneel down , study Frank 's face calmly . . barry I think you really do not know where he be . ext . wood by trailer park - dusk spotlight strobe over the bush , look for clue . Police car , a ambulance , and several investigator probe the sight where romey shot himself . int . sways ' trailer - dusk Diane , just home from work , find ricky . he be shiver - ing , eye close . he be suck he thumb , curl in a fetal position . : ( continued ) — — ts ee continued : dianne ricky !!! oh my god. ricky !!! suddenly the door open , and in walk Mark , follow by a big policeman , sergeant hardy . dianne where have you be ?! MARK hi , Mom ... dianne what 's wrong with ricky !? dianne suddenly see the policeman . dianne . what have you do ? what the hell be go on ? hardy uh , you son 's witness a suicide , wa 'an . dianne what ? : MARK ricky and I be back in the wood play this afternoon , and we see this big black car park , and uh ... hardy listen to Mark closely . " MARK +... when we get closer , there be thia man lie there with a gun in he mouth . he be dead . : . dianne oh my god ... MARK and we run home as fast as we could and I call 911 . dianne what happen to ricky ? MARK well , we run home , and he fall on the couch and start suck he thumb and would not talk ... ( continued ) continued : hardy crouch down to ricky , and touch he cheek , he take a walky - talky out of he holster , and speak into it . hardy this be sergeant hardy . we need the paramedics over here at the sway ' trailer now . ( to dianne ) what time do you husband get home ? dianne do not have one . what 's wrong with ricky ? hardy he need to be hospitalize . I have see this before , mar 'am . kid lest year . saw he mother get shot by & crack dealer . still in the hospital . wo not talk . wo not eat . suck he thumb and play with medics enter . I do not have heath insurance . hardy St. Peter 's will take indigent case . ya will need to get pack . ext . highway into memphis - night a ambulance speed down the highway , its siren blaring . the ambulance be follow by hardy 's cop car . int . cop car - same time sergeant hardy drive the car . Mark sit next to he . hardy be you tell the truth , son ? about what ? hardy about what ya will see . do not you believe I ? continued : hardy you call 911 but would not leave you name . MARK that 's the first dead body I ever saw and it scared I . hardy then why would you sneak back to the scene and hide in the wood where I find you ? why do not you aimply return to the scene and tell we whet you see ? MARK I be scared . I be still scared . hardy and if you and ricky see the same thing then why be he freak and you be in pretty good shape , know what I mean ? MARK do not you believe I ? hardy do you talk to the man before he kill himself ? MARK no ! I never talk to he . hardy the name ' Jerome clifford 's mean anything to you ? Mark stare straight ahead , say nothing . hardy I find fresh cigarette butt under that tree with the rope . I doubt you find the body and then decide to smoke some cigarettes . I figure ya will be under there , have a little smoke and you see the whole thing happen before you eye . MARK I be not lie , okay ? I have smoke cigarettes there before , but not today . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 . — — — _ — as oo continued : MARK ( cont 'd ) we be just walk through the wood , think about maybe have a smoke , and we walk up on the car and romey ... hardy who 's ' romey ' ? MARK that 's the guy 's name , be not it ? hardy I say ' Jerome clifford . ' MARK I think you say ' romey ' clifford ? : y : who ever hear of the name " romey ' ? MARK beat I . have I break some kind of law ? do you bust kid for smoking cigarettes ? hardy no , but kid who lie to cop get in all sort of trouble . mark Pov - ST . peter' hospital they follow the ambulance into the emergency entrance of & sprawling hospital complex in the middle of Memphis . pull screen - television news report graphic read : '' special report . '' ' two reporter ( Jerry and Elaine ) sit in a newsroom in front of rear projection of romey clifford . elaine ( v.0 . ) New Orleans mafia lawyer Jerome R. clifford be find dead in a apparent suicide outside Memphis just hour ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 20 . continued : elaine ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the fame lawyer for alleged mafia hitman Barry ' the blade 's muldanno be due to defend he client in trial next month in the increasingly notorious case of still miss Louisiana Senator boyd boyette ... presume dead . during this , we have see footage of muldanno and then of Senator boyette . Elaine turn to Jerry . jerry ( v.0 . ) and it be go to be tough enough to build a case against muldanno without a body ... but surely clifford 's death will mean more delay . look like the plot thicken and sicken for U.S. Attorney Roy foltrigg . Roy foltrigg appear in rear projection . elaine ( v.0 . ) no case , no body , no conviction , no front - page picture that Attorney foltrigg like so much , no interview on c.n.n. , no speedy ascent to Capitol Hill ... sorry , reverend Roy . the camera begins to pull back , and we be in a small room , fill with several man . U.S. Attorney J. roy foltrigg , sit in a swivel chair . surround foltrigg be Assistant U.S. Attorney thomas fink , wally BOX , and special agent trumann . who tip a fax off of a fax machine , and start to read it to foltrigg and the joy . trumann " single gunshot wound to the head , self - inflicted . apparently he try to do it first with a gerden hose in the tailpipe , but for some feason it do not work . he be take dalmane and codeine , and wash it all down with Jack Daniels . cheap .38 snub nose . think he could swallow a bullet . no doubt '' suicide . 's ( continued ) 21 . continued : foltrigg T do not suppose anyone see it . truman evidently not . couple of kid find the body in a remote area of Memphis . suddenly the narrow room shake and we realize we be on a SMALL private plane . foltrigg clifford secretly contact I yesterday . he be drunk , out of he head . he say he want the ' talk about the muldanno case . 's kept say he could not go through with the trial . we be go to meet in Memphis '' tonight . he call I again this morning in @ panic , hint he might ' k now where the body be 's and fished to see whether he would accidentally slip I some clue . I play along , thank he , up , and then I guess he flip he lid and blow he head off , hody , I know it . trumann goddamit , if we have the bedy , we would have muldanne by the short hair . relax , Larry . let 's say you be a lawyer , heaven forbid . and you represent a killer who 's murder a United States Senator , but the state have no case without a body . let 's say that the killer tell you where he hide the body . so , two , and only two , people in the entire world know this secret . and you , the lawyer , go off the deep end . you get pill and whiskey and a gun and a water . hose , and you drive five hour from home , and you kill yourself . now , would not you share you little secret with someone ? we just gotta find the someone . ext . plane - night tt fly toward Memphis . camera find aerial view of St. Peter 's hospital . 22 . int . ST . peter be - night a large oil painting of elvis on a wall read : " elvz presley trauma CENTER . " swinging door fly open and dr . simon greenway , in a yellow jogging suit , run over to dianne , Mark and hardy . greenway Mrs. sway , I be Doctor greenway , I 'ma psychiatrise ... you need to come with I . : hardy I will stay with Mark . dianne and greenway disappear as hardy look down at Mark . hardy ya will wanna soda ? MARK sprite . hardy put change into the Coke machine . hardy wheat happen to you face ? MARK it get into a fight in school . hardy hand he e can of sprite . hardy it 's summer . no school . MARK I mean from school . a kid I go to school with . hardy who be the kid ? MARK why ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : hardy I be a cop . it 's my job to ask question , besides , you story be full of hole . I think you be in the car before clifford die . MARK ' what do ' indigent 's mean ? hardy poor . like you and you mother and you little brother . so if you do not tell the truth that might snap he out of it ... he could lie in some poor crazy people institution with pad wall and cockroach and chain to some filthy bed and all ... karen ( 0.s. ) Mark ? Mark look up to see karen the gorgeous , a pretty young nurse with blonde hair and a perfect smile . she extend she smooth , tan hand with long red fingernails to Mark . karen Dr. greenway want to talk to you . Mark grab she hand gladly and they leave hardy , int . ricky's hospital room - night ( same time ) Karen leave Mark in ricky 's room . dianne cradle ricky , whe be lie curl up in a hospital bed , a iv attach to he arm . how sick be he ? greenway it 's '' severe case of acute post - traumatic stress disorder , MARK what do that mean ? ( continued ) 24 , continued : greenway sometimes a person see 2 terrible event and can not cope with it . ricky sort of snapped . it shocked he mind and body . what do he see this afternoon ? . MARK be this in secret ? greenway yes . MARK what if the cop want to know what I tell you ? greenway look at dianne , who be puzzle by Mark 's question . he look back at Mark . greenway I can not tell they . I promise . this be all very secret . just you and I end you eee : we be all try to pp ricky , and I have get to know whet happen . dianne Mark ! you tell the doctor now ! MARK the man try to kill himself with the hose and the exhaust pipe . I pull it out when he be in the car . after a little while , the man come out , see the hose on the gtound , and then shot himself in the mouth . ricky and I see the whole thing . dianne oh my ged. poor ricky . greenway I be hope he will come around in the next couple of day ... now you seid the father be of no use ... MARK keep hin away from ricky !!! ( continued ) 25 . continued : greenway stay calm , Mark . any grandparent or relative nearby ? dianne no . greenway very well , it 's imperative then you stay with he for the next few day ... dianne but ... my job ... ; greenway I will call you employer ... I be sure ... dianne my employer run a sweatshop ... he will not send flower ... he will not understand ... he hand she pill and water , . greenway dalmane ... it should help you rest . see you in the morning . she swallow the pill as he leave . I 'am sorry , Mom ... dianne it 's okay , honey ... ' spose we be through worse with you dad ... she lie down , the exhaustion and dalmane work . MARK we need to talk , Mom , dianne in the morning , honey ... suddenly , Mark 's eye widen . Mark see sergeant hardy through the door , discretely seal the sprite can that Mark be sip earlier , in @ plastic eveidence bag . 26 . int . hospital corridor - continuous action Mark quickly exit the room and watch hardy head towards the elevator . karen ( 0.5 . ) everything okay , Mark ? Mark see Karen at the nurse station . MARK oh yeah , sure ... but he see hardy step onto the elevator . hardy give he a shit-eate grin as the door close . Mark 's brain be reeling . he move into the small , dark sit area . a patient in a wheelchair , with 2 bandage head and bandage leg , be sit by a empty dinner tray , watch the news on the television . aman ( gill teal ) with a white shirt , tie , patchy skin and a sweaty suit sit down next to the man in the wheel - chair . gill teal bad injury . what happen ? patient car wreck . get hit by a oil truck . nut run 's stop sign . gill teal name 's gill teal . I be @ lawyer . you get a problem , I will fix it . I specialize in car wreck , especially large truck . you name it , I go after it . what you get ~> two break leg , concussion , coupla puncture wound ? permanent disability ? patient look , I already have a lawyer ... gill teal I can get you more than anybody . I go for the jugular . it 's — warfare , and I be the best in town . I can get you six hundred thousand , ( continued ) continued : , patient my lawyer say he can get I a million . gill teal who ? scottie Ray ? Rob lamoke ? the man begin to wheel away . gill teal mcfay ? ragland ? snodgrass ? slimebags who will screw up you case . do not make a mistake . check I out . look in the yellow page . there 's a full - page ad for I . ' look up gill teal , and you will see who 's for real . 's gill wave a reprint of he yellow page ad . patient will you guy leave I alone ! there be more lawyer around this place than doctor ! the man be go . gill laugh a bit to himself and leave . Mark pick up the reprint . ext . memphis federal build - night foltrigg , trumann , fink and boxx walk from they limo and head toward the building , as jason mcthune , impose , headstrong , sharp , exit toward then . trumann ( to foltrigg ) wait ' till you get a load of this guy . mcthune Mr. foltrigg , Jason mcthune . welcome to Memphis . foltrigg save the shit , mcthune . they enter and speedily walk through the empty building . ( continued ) continued : methune 28 . kid 's name be Mark sway . I think he 's lie . he tell Memphis p.d. he and he young brother happen upon the bedy and run to call authority . they live about a half a mile away in a trailer park . the young kid be in the hospital now suffer from what appear to be traumatic shock . Mark sway and he mother , dianne , diverce , be also at the hospital . the father life here the city , have @ record of petty stuff . low -class people . * foltrigg what make you think the kid 's lie ? mcthune in ic we get that car , and find we some clue ... they enter mcthune 's small office . mcthune first , the kid 's fingerprint be all over the car , . we lift a print from he about four hour ago from a sprite can . we also find two fresh cigarette : under a tree near the car , the same brand dianne sway , the mother , use . we figure the kid go for a smoke . clifford appear and catch then . just accidentally . it look as though he leave New Orleans shortly after nine a.m. , drive to Memphis in five or six hour , stop once for gas , stop to buy the gun , and drive off and shot himself . he be bear here in Memphis , and now he die here , too ... and here 's a new piece of evidence . he drop a note of paper wrap in plastic lap . on foltrigg 's ( continued ) continued : foltrigg it 's nothing but funeral arrangement and direction to he secretary . mcthune yeah , but look at the bottom . look as though he try to add 29 . rt something with a blue ball - point pen , but the pen be out of ink . foltrigg tt say , ' Mark , Mark where ... 's can not read the rest . mecthune I my theory be that the kid be in the car before clifford shot himself , and that he be there for some time because of a 1 ] the print , and that trumann why would the kid lie ? foltrigg one , he 's scared . two , he 's a kid . Three , maybe clifford tell he something he know he do not need to know . good work , mcthune . mcthune thank you sir . petition I out of this shit hole , Mr. foltrigg . foltrigg smile . foltrigg T want to speak to the kid . ext . ST . peter be - sunrise int . waiting area Mark sleep as Karen wake he with o.j. beautiful than ever . she be more ( continued ) 30 . continued : how old be you ? karen ( smile ) twenty -four . why ? MARK be you marry ? karen no ... come on . he be glad to take she hand as they head toward ricky 's room , . . int . ricky's room Dr. greenway be examine ricky , whe be still in shock . dianne watch anxiously . greenway he 's almost comatose . normally after a good sleep they will be , swake and eat . Mark and Karen enter . D what will we do ? greenway his vital sign be stable . he will come around ... and it 's imperative you be here when he do . dianne I be not leavin ' ricky . greenway unfold he newspaper . greenway have you see this ? '' flamboyant criminal lawyer with suspected mob tie . " the word " mob " make Mark sick . dianne gasp . dianne oh my God . ( continued ) continued : Karen and 31 . greenway it 's a big case . boyd boyette be the first U.S. Senator to be murder in office . there be police and f.b.i. downstairs . they be wait when I arrive a hour ago . they want to talk to Mark . MARK i.do not want to talk to they ! Mom , I be gonna wind up like ricky if the cop do not stop buggin’ I !! . greenway they will not go away . I will be back at noon . perhaps we should talk to they then . . dianne whatever you think ... MARK no , Mom ... dianne I do not know what the hell to de . I feel like I be lesin ' my mind . my baby 's in a coma or somethin ' , and we gotta stay here ' till he wake up , and if I lose any more work , I know they will let I go , sure as shit , oh God ... greenway Karen . greenway leave . D you never lie to I , Mark ... be you lyin ' about somethin’ now ? MARK I be just hungry , Mom . I do not eat last night . give I a couple buck and 1°11 bring you back coffee and doughnut from the cafeteria ... ( continued ) 32 . continued : dianne where 's the cafeteria ? basement . madison wing . I have be there twice . D . I suppose you have be all over this place . yes , mar be , we be on the quietest floor . the baby be in the basement and it 's &@ circus down there . she hend he money , dianne be careful , baby . he cross Karen as she enter . karen . dector greenway want you to teke some valium , Mrs , sway . int . hospital stairwell Mark quickly jog down the stairwell . ext . ST . peter 's charity hospital - day a metal side door open , and Mark step out into the day . Mark turn , end see the main entrance to the hospital , which be survey by a television crew . Mark look at the small crowd of reporter with disbelief , he turn away from then , reach into he pocket and take out the reprint ad gill teal leave on the table the night before . Mark discreetly rung away from the hospital . ext . street ( downtown memphis ) Mark head for the sterick Building . 33 , int . sterick build - ninth floor hallway - day ( moment later ) Mark walk down the hallway away from the elevator door . he try to stand tall among the adulte walk around . Mark look up at the name plaque on the door . Mark near the end of the hall , and find the door he have be look for . the sign read : " gill teal - the people 's lawyer . " Mark smile , try to look calm , and enter the door . int . gill teal be office - same time the office be pack with people , supposedly suffer from all sort of injury . suddenly , a fat receptionist yell at Mark . receptionist you , boy ! what do you want ? MARK I would like to see Mr. teal . receptionist ( suspicious ) where be you parent ? MARK I be not with they . receptionist ya will can not just walk in here without en appointment . besides , you be a kid ... be ya will injure ? MARK no , receptionist well , see all this people ... we only do injury . MARK okay , if I get hit by a truck or something , I will come back to see you . ninth floor hallway - continuous action Mark close . the door and start down the long corridor . ( continued ) 34 . continued : he pass many small - time lawyer 's door . most of they read " injuries , accident . '' catch glimpsis into some of the office only intimidate and discourage Mark more . the corridor be crowded and a eleven - year- old be in the way . end of corridor Mark see a small door that read " reggie love , attorney ~~ divorce , domestic , juvenile . '' he be just about to try he luck when a attractive young man ( clint van hooser ) emerge busily carry letter to be mail , etc , clint ( to someone inside ) back in twenty , Reggie ... he barrel down the staircase leave the door slightly ajar . Mark push it open slowly and enter . Mark stand alone in the reception area and see the door to Reggie Love 's office be open . Mark walk in , and stand in the doorway . int . reggie love's office - continuous action it be a pleasant office . there be a medium -size desk , and the swivel chair behind it which be turn away from Mark . . Mark hear a woman' voice on the phone . Mark approach the desk , and circle the chair . to he surprise , reggie love be a attractive woman . 4 oish , sexy and very on - tep-of - it . she be lie back with she foot cross over the credenza in back of she desk . she suddenly see Mark stand in she office , and spring up . reggie uh , Sam ? Sam . there 's someone in my office . let I call you back , okay ? great , thanks . good-bye . Reggie put down the phone , and face Mark . reggie who be you ? Mark be silent . ( continued ) 35 . continued : reggie be you in trouble ? you lookin’ for the little bey 's room ? MARK I be not a little boy . I need a lawyer . where 's Mr. Love ? reggie it be Reggie Love . what make you think you need a lawyer , young man ? because I be suppose to talk to the f.b.i. at noon , reggie well then you need '' lawyer . unless , of course , you feel uncomfortable with a woman lawyer . MARK tf I tell you something , will you ever repeat it ? . reggie of course not . it 's privileged , confidential . it 's like talk to you doctor or minister . MARK what if I tell you something the Police really want to know ? reggie T can not repeat it . 1 assume you do not have a lot of money to hire I , do you ? MARK no. reggie technically , you be suppose to pay I something as @ retainer , and once this be do I and you lawyer and we will go from there . do you have a dollar ? MARK yes . Mark pull out the crumpled dollar from he pocket . ( continued ) 36 . continued : MARK T see a woman laywer on ' L.A. Law 's once , she rip up some cop pretty good . I will take my chance with you . reggie okay , now I be the lawyer and you be the client . tell I you story . int . ninth floor hallway - twenty minute later clint come barrel back from errand and explode into -- . reggie' office only to find she deep in conversation with Mark . clint you wanna order lunch in ... oh , sorry ... he shut the door , leave they alone again . Reggie be spellbound at what she be hearing . MARK I have lie to the Police , and I think they know I be lie . my brother 's in a coma because of I . my mom might lose she job . it 's all my fault and I do not know what to do . he : la reggie bs nve you to I everything you know ? well , almost . reggie have you lie to I ? MARK no. , reggie do you know where Senator boyd boyette 's body be bury ? ( continued ) } 37 . continued : MARK I know what romey clifford tell I . do I have to tell you where it be ? reggie I be not sure . what keep you from tell I ? MARK I do not want anybody to know what T know because romey tell I this " Barry the blade ' guy have kill many people and be plan on kill romey , too . if he 's kill lot of people , and if he think I know this secret , he will come after I . he 's in the mafia . I see this mafia movie on t.v. and they Said ' the mob . never forget , ' and that really scare I . would not it scare you ? reggie I believe it would . let 's do this , Mark . do not tell I where the body be , okay ? for now anyway . maybe later , but net now . MARK what about the police and the f.b.1 .? it 's almost noon . reggte ( get up ) that 's my job . ext . riverfront dock ( new orlean ) - day a car pull up onto the dock with the mighty Mississippi River just behind the cavernous building . Barry " the blade " muldanno walk towards one of the huge warehouse . int . warehouse - continuous action muldanno head toward the center of the huge , empty warehouse , where there sit a makeshift office on riser . ( continued ) 38 . continued : behind the desk sit johnny sularl , kingpin for the New Orleans mafia . spread before he be newspaper headline romey 's suicide . behind sulari stand paul gronke and bono , ugly thug , '' Barry the blade '' stand before the desk . sulari it look like romey kill himself because he know too much . it look like that , Barry . now tell I the truth , do you tell that son-of - a- bitch more than he should have know ? muldanno be silent . sulari do you ? muldanno i hope it burt the bastard . 1 hope that bullet be alow . I hope he feel the top of he head come off . . sulari two kid find he , but there 's a chance he be still alive ! he might have talk ! muldanno De not worry , uncle johnny . I 'l ) just go up to Memphis and take care of that kid . sulari you dumb-ass . you can not set foot in Memphis . the fibby be watch you ! besides , we do not kill kid ! , muldanno I do . sulari you sit on you dumb ass and do not get into any more trouble . gronke . I want you up in Memphis . check thing out . gronke understood . 39 . int . ST . peter' hospital - conference room - day there be a knock at the door . foltrigg , mcthune , trumann , fink and boxx sit alone in the small room , behind a table . trumann come in . the door open , and Mark slowly enter , and shut the door behind he . tri you must be Mark . Mark nod . mcthune where 's you mother , son ? uh , who be you ? mecthune I be Jason mcthune , f.b.i. Memphis , and this be Larry trumann , f.b.i. New Orleans . foltrigg Roy foltrigg , U.S. Attorney for Louisiana . have a seat , Mark . Mark sit down in the small chair in front of the table . mcthune we , wh , we really expect you nother and Dr. greenway to be be . MARK they be with ny brother . they can not leave in case he wake up . my mother have to be there to tell he everything will be all right . we can wait a day or two until she might be available ... the man see a great opportunity . foltrigg no , Mark , we really need to talk now . let 's talk a few minute , okay ? just we . be you nervous ? ( continued ) continued : 40 . MARK a little . foltrigg we just want to ask you some question about yesterday . do I need a lawyer ? the man look at each other . trumann of course not . MARK why not ? trumann well , we just , you know , want to ask you a few question . that 's all . MARK I think maybe I need a lawyer to , you know , protect my rights and all . mcthune you have be watch too much t.v. , kid trumann yeah , lawyer just get in the way . you have to pay they money , and they object to everything . a real pain in the ass , Mark , you understand . MARK what happen if I do not answer you question ? mcthune oh , lot of thing . we might be force to take you down to we office , in the back seat of the car , of course , no handcuffs , and ask you some really tough question . May have to bring in you mother , too . . MARK will my mother get in trouble ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : mcthune maybe . foltrigg Mark , have you ever hear of obstruction of justice ? MARK it do not think so . foltrigg . well , it 's a federal offense . a person who know something about a crime , and withhold information from the f.b.i. or the police , might be find guilty of obstruction of justice . MARK what happen then ? foltrigg well , if find guilty , such a person might be punish . you know , send to jail or something like that . MARK seo , if I do not answer you question , I might go to jail ? foltrigg maybe . MARK if you be in my place , would you want a lawyer ? foltrigg Hell no ! they be just @ pain - in - the -ass . < a real pain . if you have nothing to hide , you do not need a lawyer . MARK but be not you a lawyer ? trumann Mark , be Jerome clifford already dead when you and ricky find he ? : MARK I take the fifth amendment . ( continued ) continued : trumann and mcthune be get frustrated . trumann look , Mark , I think you have be watch too much t.v. let I guess . you watch ' L.A. Law , ' right ? every week . trumann figure , MARK I need to go to the bathroom . trumann five minute , Mark , we will wait . no hurry . . Mark leave the room , int . hospital corridor - continuous action Mark shut the door and run down the hallway . he stop at a stairwell door , where : reggie be waiting for he . int . hospital briefing room - moment later what do you think ? mcthune we get 'im . good cop , bad cop . this be ... there be a knock on the door . mcthune come in , mark. ( to other ) polite kid . Reggie Love enter the room . the man stand up quickly . reggie keep you seat . ( continued ) 43 . continued : she hand trumann we be in a meeting . mcthune you be in the wrong room . reggie I do not think so . my name be Reggie Love . I be a attorney , and I represent Mark sway . out she card as Mark enter behind she . mcthune when do he hire you ? reggie well that 's really none of you business , now be it ? I be not hire . I be retain . can I see you i.d. please ? the man glance at each other helplessly . they reach into they jacket , and fumble for they badge . Reggie examine they i.d.s , and write something in she pad . . foltrigg now , Ms. Love , I be sure we ... reggie do you in fact attempt to interrogate this child outside the presence of he mother ? trumann no . reggie he tell I you do . trumann he 's confuse . we ask where he mother be , and he say she could not make it right now , and we sort of think she be on she way or something , so we be just chitchat with the kid . where be you during this ? ( continued ) continued : 44 . reggie do not ask question thet be irrelevant . do you advise Mark to talk to a lawyer ? mcthune uh , yeah , once , Larry , remember Mark say something , or maybe I say something about ' L.A. Law , 's and then Mark say he might need a lawyer , but he be sort of kid and we , or at least I , take it as a joke . remember , Larry ? . reggie he do not ask you guy if he need a lawyer ? ' foltrigg I do not remember it that way . he 's just a kid , and very scared , and I think he 's confuse . reggie do you advise he of he miranda rights ? mcthune of course not . he 's just a kid . we need to ask he a few question . reggie and you do not attempt to interrogate he without he mother 's presence or counsel ? mcthune no . reggie and you do not tell he to avoid lawyer after he ask you advice ? mcthune no , mar 'am . trumann . no way . the kid 's lie if he tell you otherwise . ( continued ) 45 . continued : Reggie smile . she open she purse , and take out a small tape recorder . she place the tape recorder on the table . press the button , they voice fill the room . reggie I think we know who 's lie . tr you wire the kid ! . reggie why not ? no crime . you be the f.b.i. , remember ? you boy run more wire than a.t. & T. it 's all right here on tape , fella . you boy attempt to interrogate a child outside the presence of he mother and without she consent . he specifically ask you if you should not wait until she be available and you say ' no , ' you attempt to coerce the child with the threat of criminal prosecution . he tell you he be scared , and twice he specifically ask you if he need a lawyer . Yau advise he not to get a lawyer , give as one of you reason the opinion that lawyer be a " pain in the ass . 's Reggie put the tape recorder back in she purse . reggie now that we have put all the card on the table , I would like to confer with my client , and meet with you people in my office tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. and if I need something from you boy , like the truth or a straight answer , I : expect to get it . if I catch you lie again , I will use this tape . tr that 's blackmail . reggie indict I . she leave . int . ricky's room - day Reggie empty a large paper bag of deli as Mark intro - duce she to dianne . dianne there 's be a mistake , mar 'am . we can not afford no lawyer . MARK I already pay she a dollar . dianne . a dollar ? reggie it 's just a token , Mrs. sway , but it 's legal . MARK she 's pretty good . I have be impressed so far . dianne but why do we need a lawyer ? have you tell I everything ? be you lyin ' to I , Mark ? Reggie see dianne take a pill . MARK Mom , it all happen so fast yesterday , like a big blur ... and you know how it 's affect ricky . I think it shocked I sort of like that ... not as bad , but I be remember thing now . dianne what. thing ? Mark look to Reggie . reggie ah , Mrs. sway . why do not we go down the hall and have a chat . 1 need to ask you a few question . dianne okay . I need a cigarette bad , Mark ; you watch ricky , now ... holler if he wake , okay ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : the woman leave . Mark move toward ricky . ricky 's eye be open . he be stare at Mark , still in shock . MARK ricky . hi . do not be shiver . it 's hot in here , and you be wear my old pajamas . he pull the cover over hin . Mark see some of ricky 's plastic toy lie around the bed . MARK you wanna play g.i. joe ? ( pick up some tey ) come on . bang ! kapow ! Mark simulate a little war on . ricky 's bed . still no response . MARK you want ' I to do my ' crazy dance ' ? Mark stand in the middle of the room , and begin to dance like a epileptic . ricky do not react . MARK ricky , do you remember go for @ smoke ? ricky slowly seem to ned . MARK right ? remember ? yeah , and do you remember the black car ? ricky begin to look frighten , and slowly begin to curl up , retreate . MARK no , ricky , it 's okay , ricky . it 's okay . I know this be my fault . I should n'ta take you out for that cigarette . I should n'’ta make you stay when that car pull up ... ricky be quiet again . ( continued ) 48 . continued : MARK I be gonna fix this , ricky . I be . TI hire we a lawyer , and she 's really good , even if she be just a woman . she will protect we , and everything will be alright again . you will see ... suddenly a reporter , slick moeller , pop into the room , take a flash photograph . , MARK what be you do ? . moeller slick moeller , with the Memphis Press , I write this morning 's story . how 's you brother ? MARK get out ! moeller hey , come on -- a exclusive interview , I will pay you . cop say you know more than you be tell . MARK you want I to call the nurse ? moeller do the dead guy talk to you ? MARK ( call ) 2 moeller ( start take ten flash photo of Mark as he back out of the room ) do the guy ouch you any place or like that ? do he say why he be off himself ? int . corridor - continuous action Reggie , dianne , Karen greenway come tun a3 Mark push slick out into the hall . 49 . ext . seedy , rundown neighborhood ( downtown memphis ) - afternoon a elevate train whizhes by . on the other side of the track be a old brick building . on the second floor , there be a sign paint on the window which read , " J. nance private investigator . '' int . nance and sisson private investigator ( memphis ) - Day . jack nance , a sleaze , sit alone in he messy office . a fan blow some hot air around . nance look up , and see Paul gronke , the thug from New Orleans , stand in the doorway . gronke nance . nance that 's I . gronke name 's gronke . I need some fast work . nance who refer you ? gronke I have hear of you . Word get around . nance give I a name . gronke muldanno , nance T get two thousand dollar up front , non-refundable , cash , before I lift a finger . gronke reach into he pocket , and take out a stack of bill . he throw the stack on nance 's lap . gronke we need someone with Memphis connection . nance it get a hundred buck a hour , cash . ' ( continued ) 50 . continued : gronke no problem , int . visitor's lounge - hospital - afternoon Reggie and Mark talk alone . reggie well , I think we have cover everything . so I will pick you up quarter to tomorrow morning and we will see what the f.b.i. and reverend Roy have to say for themselves . MARK what would happen to I if I never tell anyone what I know ? reggie you have tell I . MARK I tell you I know where the _ body be , but I have not tell you where ... reggie do you want to tell I ? MARK not really , not now . reggie okay . MARK so what happen if I never tell ? reggie I think a effort will be make to force you to talk . a judge in a courtroom one day soon could order you to talk . MARK and if I say ' no ' ...? reggie if a adult refuse '' court order he 's in contempt and could be lock up . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : reggie ( cont 'd ) T do not know what they would do with a@ child ... excuse I , @ minor . but I must warn you , Mark : i¢£ you lie in court you could be in big trouble . Reggie stand . reggie eat well , get a booed night 's rest , and everything will be just fine . ' bye , Mark . MARK thanks . Reggie walk down the hall . Mark sit alone in the lounge . he find 4 remote control ' for the television set , and begin to flip some channel . 4 grungy - look man sit down near Mark . the man be jack nance . nance hi there . Mark nod at the strange- look man and then begin to switch the television channel . , nance what be you do here ? MARK watch television . nance I be here for my son . he 's in real bad shape . car wreck . drunk driver . kid be throw onto the street . where be he ? nance i.c.u. , firse floor . I have to get away . it 's a zoo down there , people scream and ery all the time . MARK I be sorry . ( continued ) continued : : nance he 's only eight year old . MARK my little brother 's eight . nance what 's wrong with he ? he 's in shock . nance bless he heart . what happen , exactly ? . Mark look at nance again , and study he suspiciously . MARK it 's a long story . and get longer . he will make it , though . I hope you kid 's okay . nance stand up . nance I too . I need to go check on he . good luck to you , wh , what 's you name ? MARK Jimmy ... Mark leave . ' nance ' Jimmy . 's right . well , good luck , Jimmy . I gotta run . int . sway trailer - night ( two year earlier ) Mark 's drunken father cole mistreat dianne , who clutches onto a young ricky . Cole push she out of the trailer . ext . trailer - night dianne sob and bang on the trailer door as neighbor come to she aid . 33 . int . trailer Mark attack he father savagely . but Cole just shove Mark out of the trailer also . ext . trailer suddenly Mark be all alone in the wood at might . he be frighten . he run just as romey clifford , corpse- like with the bullet hole in he head , loom in front of he . his voice be slow and strange but he message be clear . clifford the mob never forget . int . ricky's hospital room - night Mark wake from the nightmare . he 's on a small mattress at the foot of the bed where dianne sleep with ricky . , . Mark look around . he feel uneasy . the door seem open strangely . he see a shadow in the hall . Mark get up and cautiously step into the hospital corridor it 's empty . everyone 's asleep . he head toward a blonde head at the nurse 's station , only to find it to be a much older nurse . : MARK oh ... where 's Karen ? nurse not on tonight ... anything wrong ? MARK no ... get anything to eat around here ? nurse cafeteria 's open 24 hour . Mark walk away from the counter , and pass the empty tv area . as he pass a table , he see a bunch of newly deliver morning newspaper sit there . as Mark get closer , he eye widen . on the front page of the morning Paper be two picture , take by slick moeller . one picture be of ricky , asleep in a coma , the other picture be of Mark , angrily yell at slick to get out of the room . . ( continued ) 54 . continued : Mark see that they name be print below the pic - ture , and there be a detailed story about the FBI want to question the boy . Mark pick up a newspaper , and begin to read the article with disbelief . he walk down the hall towards the elevator . Mark reach the elevator , and push the butten , still read the newspaper . it look as if he be try not to cry . MARK ( to himself ) oh , my gosh . the elevator door open , and Mark step inside . int . elevator - same time Mark push the button for the cafeteria level , when suddenly ... +++ 8m arm catch the door and a man step inside the elevator with Mark . Mark look up , and see that it be a big man , dress in a surgeon 's robe and mask . the man look down at Mark , and we know it be Paul gronke . . Mark look down the arm of the man and see that he be hold a glint scalpel knife in he rubber - glove hand . the door close . the elevator begin to move downward , suddenly , gronke push the stop button and turn off the elevator light , stop the elevator between floor . the emergency light illuminate everything in red . in a flash , gronke grab Mark by the throat and push he against the wall . Mark be freeze with fear . gronke listen to I , ' Mark sway . 's Mark 's eye be wide with fear . gronke I do not know what romey tell you , but if you repeat a single word to anyone , include you ' lawyer , 's I will kill you . ( more ) + ( continued ) 55 . continued : gronke ( cont 'd ) and I will kill you mother and little ricky , okay ? he 's in room 943 . gronke lift the scalpel to Mark 's face . gronke I will slice you gut out , do you understand I ? Mark 's eye be get wet . he be shaking . gronke I will kill you , do you believe I ? and if you tell anyone about I , I will get you . understand ? I have see the trailer where you live . gronke take a picture out of he coat pocket , and hold it in front of Mark 's face . gronke see this before ? it be the department store portrait of Mark and ricky , obviously steal from the sway trailer . Mark shut he eye , know what this mean . the door open , and in a flash Mark be alone , sit in the corner of the empty elevator . ext . memphis - early morning thunder and rain . int . reggie' office - early morning rain beat outside as Reggie pour over research on Senator boyd boyette , muldanno and foltrigg . newspaper clipping , xerox , etc. be spread out on she desk as clint bring she some coffee . reggie what be we serve today ? clint it 's Wednesday . Southern pecan . ( continued ) 56 . continued : reggie ' Senator boyd boyette get himself ' kill . he take pay- off from the mafia to build @ toxic waste 1 dump and then fight against it ' to get vote . clint enter ' Barry the blade . 's , reggie tf reverend Roy can ever prove ie ... 's , suddenly Mark run in drip wet . reggie Mark , I be just boing to pick mi you up . you be all wet ... as she move closer , she see that he be shaking . reggie | what 's the matter . ' clint | ' you want some hot cocoa ? MARK i I want coffee and a cigarette , and stop treat I like a kid . ! I do not want to talk to the ' f.b.i. teday , reggie do something happen ? MARK I do not want to talk to the f.b.i. today . reggie Mark , you look scared . clint it 's almost nine . Mr. foltrigg will be here in a minute , clint leave again as Reggie study Mark . she pick up ao @ newspaper clipping with a picture of muldanno . reggie ts this the man ? ( continued ) continued : MARK what man ? reggie someone threaten you , right ? be this the man ? MARK no , he be ugly . reggie oh Christ , Mark ... MARK we can not tell anybody ... he say he would kill I and Mom and ricky ... he know ... he know ... noise outside as foltrigg arrive . reggie it 's okay ... it 's gonna be okay ... they be just bluff . MARK I see the knife , Reggie , and I be not talk . reggie shhhhh . let I deal with this people . Reggie open the door to the outer office . beam when he see Mark . reggie clint ? can I see you ? 57 . foltrigg clint enter , as Reggie hide Mark behind the door . reggie ( whisper to clint ) call the hospital , put some security round - the-clock outside of ricky 's room . stay in here with Mark and keep the door lock . clint nod , and Reggie exit . 58 . int . reggie' office - reception area - continuous action umbrellas , raincoat , wet . foltrigg , mcthune and fink greet Reggie as she enter . foltrigg good morning , Ms. Love . Little Mark all ready ? reggie Reggie . Roy , I be sorry , but we have nothing to discuss . foltrigg I think I do not quite get that . . reggie the meeting 's be cancel because we have nothing to say . I be sorry to have inconvenience you , but we have no choice . you can not question my client . foltrigg I do not believe I be hearing this . reggie like I say , I be sorry . foltrigg Ms. Love ... reggie Reggie ... foltrigg we need to talk to you client . we think he know something that will help we put @ killer behind bar . reggie such as ? foltrigg we have reason to believe that Jerome clifford want to tell someone where he client , Mr. muldanno , have dispose of the body of Senator boyette . there be fingerprint inside the car that match Mark 's , prove that he be in the car with clifford Prior to the shoot . we just want to question the kid under oath , properly , ( continued } 59 . continued : reggie I sense a bit of desperation . foltrigg a lot of desperation . I be leveling with you . we know who kill the Senator , but , frankly , I be not ready for trial without a corpse . reggie I be not tell you that you cannot talk to Mark sway . you can not talk to he today . not in this hasty manner . let 's take it one step at a time , okay ? foltrigg okay . : reggie well , Roy , I think the big question be , how do you guy match he fingerprint ? int . reggie' office - MARK listen at the door . int . outer office reggie , how do you obtain one of he to match with the one in the car ? mcthune very simple . we lift one off a soft drink can at the hospital . everyone look at mcthune . reggie do you ask either Mark sway or he mother before do so ? mcthune shift uncomfortab ly . mcthune ne. reggie so you invade the privacy of a eleven - year - old child . * ( continued ) 60 . continued : '' ~~ mcthune we be just try to obtain evidence ... reggie ; evidence ? evidence for what ? ! he 's commit no crime , I dare i say . what else do you have ? foltrigg , the kid have a bruise on he leave cheekbone . we find a Spot of blood on clifford 's tight hand that 's not he blood type . I : ' . reggie let I guess . it 's merk 's blood ; type . 7 foltrigg yes , it be . reggie and how do you obtain Mark 's a ~~ blood type ? '' mcthune and trumann look down at they shoe . for foltrigg : from he brother 's hospital l admission record . reggie ' and how do you obtain he brother 's ' confidential 's hospital record ? foltrigg we have we way . Reggie point a finger at foltrigg . reggie if yeu get near ay client again attempt to obtain anything from he without my permission , I will sue you and the f.b.i . t'li file a ethic complaint with the State bar in Louisiana and a Tennessee , and I '1 ) haul you ass into juvenile court and ask the judge to lock you up . ( continued ) 61 . continued : foltrigg Ms. Love . it 's not in my nature to get unpleasant , but I just want to tell you , you be play in the big league here . if you be go to take we to the mat , then we be gonna take you to the mat , too . you think I would walk in here without check you out ? I know everything about you , Ms. Love . I know how you family walk out on you , and you turn to booze and drug . I know how you have to drop out of law school , and spend '' half year in a institution ... reggie a treatment . center ! and I finish school . int . office - MARK listen . int . outer office foltrigg you have be practice law for only two year ! I do not think you have get what it take , and I think you be gonna do this child more harm than good . by now , Reggie be try to hold back she emotion . reggie well , I have do a little check on you too , Roy , and perhaps you would like to tell I how the boy 's best interest be not what you be really after . it 's the political spotlight you wanna ce in . you care to tell we about how you watch video of yourself over and ever , how you have get that little power walk of yours practice the perfection . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . continued : reggie ( cont 'd ) too busy to chat with the media , ' would love to stop and answer some question , 's but then hustle away , be a man of great importance not have the time . you have get floodlight store in you office library for well - orchestrate press conference . Hell , I have even hear you have get a little box of makeup lock in a cabinet . you be no lawyer , Roy , you be liberace . . foltrigg ( yell at the top of he lung ) this will not be the end of it ! Ms. Love ! " reggie be that a threat , Roy ? foltrigg more of a promise ! — reggie if you or you boy attempt to contact my client or he family , I will have you ass . ext . ST . peter' hospital - pay it be raining torrent . Reggie and Mark emerge from she car and head towards the hospital entrance . they be barrage by a band of soak reporter end television crew . flashbulb pop . floodlight glare . reporter '' 1 ma. Love ! Ms. Love ! just a few quick question ! reporter # 2 . it be true that you client be refuse to cooperate with the f.b.i. and the Police ? : Reggie take Mark by the hand , and lean down to he . ( continued ) 63 . continued : reggie ( to Mark ) do not look at they and do not say a word . Reggie stand tall , and try to walk by a television camera man . reggie no comment . reporter # 3 be it true the U.S. Attorney from New Orleans be in you office ? reggie no comment ... reporter # 1 do you client talk to Jerome clifford before he die . be it true he know where Senator boyette be bury ? Mark try to stare straight ahead . the rain beat on he face . reggie no coment ! slick moeller suddenly come up to Mark , lean down with a tape recorder . moeller hey , kid . how would you like that story ? Mark look up at moeller , and push towards the door of the hospital , trip slick and make hia fall down into a puddle . ext . memphis INTERNATIONAL airport - day it be raining . a medium size jet land at the airport . int . forth floor room of radisson HOTEL - downtown memphis - day Paul gronke sit on a bed play with some card , smoking a cigarette . rain streak the window . ( continued ) 64 , continued : there be a knock on the door . gronke throw down the card , and open the door . gronke bono ! bono take off he hat , and enter the room . bono how you doin ' , paully ? gronke guess they mean business bringin ' you here . : : bono where 's the kid ? ° : gronke he 's still at the hospital with he mother and lawyer . we have get a private investigator name Jack nance watchin ' he , bono any sign of the fed ? gronke only a couple , watchin’ the hospital same es we be . I give the kid a warning yesterday , in a elevator . now there Security - near the room . but I do not think he tell the fed . tf he do , they would be crawl everywhere . bono well , who do he teli ? gronke we be not sure , bono this be the directive . we bug everything . Hospital reon , lawyer 's office , everything . we find out what the kid know . if that do not work , we kill everybody . int . court library - roy foltrigg be office - afternoon poltriss , trumann , mcthune , fink and boxx pore through ook , + ( continued ) 65 . continued : fink there be two avenue , neither very attractive , but one or both might work . first , I suggest the juvenile Court approach in Memphis . under the Tennessee youth code , we petition the juvenile Court alleging certain misconduct by the child . there be various category of wrongdo , and the petition must classify the child as a delinquent or a child in need of supervision . a hearing be hold , the juvenile Court judge hear the proof and make a determination as to what happen to the child . the same can be do for abuse or neglect child . same procedure , same court . foltrigg who file the petition ? fink well , anyone . ' a interested party . 's trigg that can be we ? fink yes . it depend on what we allege in we petition . the tricky part be we aust allege the kid be break the law in some way . foltrigg the kid know where the body be . it 's a obstruction of justice . fink the good news be thet all juvenile Court Proceedings be close . if we plan do not bear fruit , it will not embarrass we . foltrigg sound good to I . file a petition in juvenile Court first thing tomorrow morning . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : foltrigg ( cont 'd ) now , if we be gonna play hardball with this kid , let 's not forget the danger he 's in . muldanne be desperate . there be reporter everywhere . a leak here and a leak there , and the mob could silence the kid before he talk . fink well , that bring us.to we second option . we know gronke be in Memphis , and it 's safe to assume he 's not there to visit elivs 's grave , right ? he 's be send there by muldanno . so I be think , what if we assume the kid be in danger , and we explain to the juvenile Court judge that it 's in the best interest of the kid for we to take he into custody , you know , for he own protection ? foltrigg : the kid go to jail , and with Ms. Love 's alcohel and drug problem , they both crack under the pressure . ' int . ricky's room - afternoon ricky 's condition seem unchange . Reggie try to calm dianne , who look like hell , and be extremely agitate as she indicate the hospital security guard at the door to the room . Mark watch . dianne ++. Guards and newspaper headline and I do not know how I be gonna pay you ... reggie do not worry about the money . dianne +s . " Cause my pig boss fire I , this morning . I mean my baby 's in a com and he fire I . her eye fill with tear . Mark feel awful , : reggie for miss two day ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : dianne no , ' cause I could not tell he how long I would be out . MARK it 's all my fault , Mom ... dianne ( hugging he ) oh hush , honey ... be not much of a job anyways ... six buck a hour at a lamp factory ... I always think we would wind up in @ nice house with a walk - in closet . ( to Mark ) honey , go ask Karen for some of they white pill . Mark look to Reggie unhappily as he run off . reggie how long have you work there ? dianne huh ? oh five year ... where do the day go ... I mean I have just start ministratin’ , the boy like I and I be havin ' a good time , and hang . 1 get pregnant and now I look around , and I be twenty - seven , a fail marriage and I live in a trailer and ny goddamn life be over . reggie you life 's not over . Mark return and reluctantly hand dianne the pill . reggie well , I better do my homework . Mark and I just declare war on reverand Roy and the f.3.i. ee tomorrow ... good night , Mark ... she leave as he follow she out into the : hall ' night . ( continued } 68 . continued : Reggie turn . Mark look so unhappy ... so lose . reggie get any plan for dinner ? ext . ST . peter' charity hospital - parking lot - dusk rain have stop . Mark follow Reggie to she old beatup 1970 mg . MARK you think Mom and ricky be safe ? . reggie yes , do not worry about they . the hospital 's gonna keep guard on 24 hour . . Reggie open a door for Mark . MARK you be takin 's I home ' cause you feel sorry for I doncha ? reggie no , we have work to do . MARK I have never be in a car like this before . reggie want the top down ? MARK yeah . from around a corner , Jack nance watch Reggie 's car take off . int . reggie be mg - twilight Mark laugh as the highway wind stream through he hair . MARK burn rubber , woman ! Reggie laugh as she shift into fifth gear . Reggie 's mg zip down the highway . 69 . ext . middle CLASS neighborhood - evening Reggie 's car pull into the driveway of a two -story house ; it 's a pleasant house with two distinguishing feature -- a wide , @racious porch that run the length of the front , and a yard fill with huge tree . MARK this be you house ? reggie no , my momma 's . Reggie point to a two -story barage , the upper floor of which have three large window . . reggie that 's where I live . 4 handsome woman in she late sixty come toward they hold a cat . reggie mama , this be the client I tell you about -- Mark sway . Mark , my wother . everybody call she mama Love . Mark and mama love sheke hand . reggie be it awful if iz juste go off and leave you two together for a hour or so ? I need to do some . research before I talk the Mark . mama love go on -- see if we care . ( be : cat ) this be axle . he 's seventeen year old , and very gentle . ever meet a cat older than you be , Mark ? MARK I do not know . int . kitchen - later a radio plays a ballad from the late forties . mama Love sing along as she cook . Mark sit on a stool , watch . ( continued ) 70 . continued : mama love first boy I ever date have that play on he car radio when he kiss I : Russell bennett . ( offhand ; juse rambling ) he put he tongue in my mouth , foo . I think ' what in the world ?... ( grin , focus ) ' course , I learn to like it pretty quick . MARK you sure .are different from Reggie . she 's always so serious . mama love what , do not you like she ? she must like you -- she never bring a client home before . MARK I like she ... I just mean she 's serious . mama love Regina 's have some blow . life 's hit she hard -- you be too young to understand , I guess ... ( study he ) no , I guess you do understand , come help I set the table . Mark pick up a frame copy of the photo we see earlier on Reggie 's desk -- the outdoor candid shot of Reggie laugh with two young girl . who be this ? the woman hesitates '' moment . then , as Reggie approach the live room , mama Love gesture for he to put the photo back , mouth / stage whisper : mama love we do not talk about that . int . court library - parallel time foltrigg and he guy be even more animated than before . , ( continued ) 71 . continued : foltrigg ++ no , by God , I want that little bastard in court tomorrow ! mcthune it take a week , foltrigg -- several day , minimun . foltrigg ( like a stone ) ( a beat ) twist arm . break some arm if you have to , but speed this up . you guy can do it . mcthune then I gotta start now . foltrigg ga. ext . mama love's house ( eerie ) - night Reggie , Mark and mama Love dine as camera watch then across the street . it 's someone 's Pov . int . garage loft - night Reggie 's world . the space be nicely furnish . Reggie speak to Mark quietly , _ reggie there 's a thing call the Federal Witness Program . what that mean be that if people see something that could put they in danger if they tell about it , the government can protect they . ' MARK yeah -- I see that on tv once . reggie right -- they give you and you family a new name , move you wherever you want to live . get you a new house . ( continued ) 72 . continued : MARK a real one ? with a ? and could it have a walk - in closet ? like my mom say ? reggie yes . but you have to make up you mind how much you want the tell . MARK could they make we safe ? reggie yes . : MARK totally safe ? . reggie well , nothing 's hotally safe , I guess . MARK ( disgust ) great . reggie well , it 's something for you to think about . see if you can get you mother to talk about it with you . ( pick up some papers ) now , we be go to have to meet with foltrigg sometime , and I want to go over this list of question with you one more t Mark groan , slump down on the sofa . reggie tf you be so scared , why do you 6 ° back to the spot where the man have kill himself ? MARK ( listless ; irritable ) to get the cigarette lighter I have drop . ( continued ) 73 , continued : reggie and that seem a important enough reason ? tt do then . reggie why ? MARK why what ? reggie why do it seem important ? MARK I say ! I already Said that : it seem important ' cause it seem important ! God , what do you want I to say ? reggie ( more quietly ) Mark , they will ask you this question over and over , try to confuse you , to make you mad , so you will slip and say something . MARK well , I do not give a damn . I be tize of answer question he get up , walk to the television , flick it on and off and on and off and on and off and on again . now Reggie grow irritable . reggie turn that off please . Mark turn the volume louder . reggie Mark , please ... he turn it louder . Reggie get up , snap off the set . reggie please sit down . ( continued ) 74 , continued : MARK I do not want to . reggie well , you have to . MARK oh , shut up . reggie no , you shut up . immediately , Reggie , hearing herself , stop . she look up at the ceiling . : : reggie wonderful . I be argue with a eleven - year-old . MARK ( rove around the room ) well , it 's not fair . I have to answer question all day , from everybody . who arp you and why would you do this and what would you think about thar . ( leud ) yeu can all just go to hell . ( louder ) anawear cuestion ? well , it 's not a logical question , but Mark 's eleven and he 's weary . he stand look out a window . Reggie , calmer now , look at Mark . her face soften . she find herself respond to this boy , and so she say something to he that be totally atypical of herself . reggie so you ask I something . MARK ( not turn ) like what ? reggie whatever you want . no rule , no limit . you ask , I will answer . MARK ( turn ; now he 's : interested ) you mean anything ? + ( continued ) 75 . continued : reggie anything . MARK 4nd you will tell the truch ? reggie if it take the skin off . it 's clear Reggie mean what she say . Mark look at she , fascinate . he think for beat or two and then , with the unerr accuracy of a child , go to the very heart of Reggie 's life : : MARK who be that little girl with you _ in that picture ? the one on you desk in you mother 's live room ? Reggie 's face jerk and she answer the question : reggie they be my daughter . they be older than you now . there be '' divorce , and they live with they - father . MARK do you ever see they ? reggie not much . he 's manage to turn they against I -- and it 's partly my fault too -- for a while I be not a very good mother . MARK " Cause you be drunk and on drug like he say this morning ? reggie because after the divorce I drank some . I drank a lot . MARK why ? reggie ( sigh ; this be hard ) . ( deep breath ) let 's see -- marry to a big time docter here in Memphis : ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . continued : reggie ( cont 'd ) + ++ expensive car , mansion with pillar , fancy country club -- I put he through mo school , then after a few year he meet this dancer , nineteen year old -- same old , same old -- Reggie hit the bottle , hit the kid . couple suicide try , public humiliation . meantime , hubby hire a truckload of lawyer , get she commit , steal the kid and wiggle out of alimony . he get everything : the house , the kid , the money . only thing I get be that old car he would spend year restore . break he heart ... so , t drank because q hurt . the only time I do not hurt be when I drank , and sol ... . ( search ) .++ @rank and take pill . sometimes . a lot of time . ( a beat ) but I get sober and stay sober and get myself through law school and here we be ... but I miss my daughter . MARK so that 's why you work with kid ? reggie maybe . it 's obvious that Reggie have tell the truth . Mark be captivate by this adult woman who be willing to speak so honestly . and , on Reggie 's part , she have make she - self more cpen the this boy than to anyone in a long t . Mark lean against Reggie . she put she arm around he , strokea he hair . after a long pause : MARK I be so scared . Reggie pull he tighter against she . int . moma love's house - first floor - guest room - night : Mark lie awake in bed . he can not sleep . he get up , and exit . 77 , int . momma love's kitchen - night Mark , dress in he underwear , walk over the the tefrig - erator , and take out a bottle of milk . he go over to a counter , and pour himself a glass . Mark put the bottle of milk away , and drink he glass . he look around the kitchen , with all it 's old knick - knack and picture . he walk over to a oil reproduction of Christ , shepherd the child of the world . the picture beckon to he in a strange way . rack focus to just beyond the screen window , a glow cigarette in the dark shadow of the bush outside . Mark leap back , and let out a faint yelp . he stand silent , still , listen , look , see if it be just he imagination , or if there really be somebody out there . Mark do not see anything . he slowly turn , and leave the kitchen , turn off the dim light as he exit . . ext . momma love's house - night ( same time ) from out of the dark shadow of the bush peer Jack nce . he have be look through the window ef the tchen , ext . sways ' trailer park - night in the darkness , bono and gronke pack up they rental car , turn on the headlight and engine , and drive away , leave the sway ' trailer to stand alone in the blue , full moon night . cricket chirp . suddenly , the trailer be envelop by thick orange flame , and in a matter of second be a bright inferno . like a pyre , the trailer rumble . people emerge from the surround trailer , run everywhere . ext . ST . peter '’s charity hospital - side entrance - morning Reggie 's car pull up to the load dock entrance . clint be stand there wait for Mark and Reggie . clint we will sneak through here . there 's a army of reporter by the main entrance , and they be hungry . ( continued ) continued : reggie clint will make sure you get to ricky 's room okay . I have a meeting . just do not talk to anyone . int . ricky's hospital room - soon after dianne look up at Mark , tear stream from she face . what be it , Mom ? . . dianne we home ... they burn down we home ... Mark stare at she in disbelief . dr . greenway Mark , you trailer burn last night , just a few hour ago . how bad ? dianne Real bad . everything 's ruin ! I have get no job , no house ... ! two man ( detective nassar and detective klickman ) nassar detective nassar , Memphis p.d. this be detective klickman . leok for dianne sway . appear . dianne ( wiping she face ) I be dianne sway . he hold some papers out to dianne . nassar this be from juvenile Court , Ms. sway . it 's a summon for a hearing at noon today . clint May I see that ? ( continued ) continued : nassar 79 , the summon require we to take a Mark sway into custody at this you son of time . dianne what !? clint let I see you badge ... dianne you can not teke my son ! a@ bitch ! ' MARK Mom . . D. over my dead body ! MARK Mom ... clint I better get Reggie . clint disappear . nassar we be just do we job , Ms. sway . nothing 's gonna happen to Mark . we will take care of hin . they start to lead he inte the hall . dianne what 's he do ? just tell I what 's he do ? can somebody help I here ? nassar if you will read this paper , Ms. sway , you will see that & petition have be file because he will not cooperate with the police and dianne -* you can not have he ! Mom , please ... . ( continued ) 80 . continued : nassar look , Ms. sway , you have no choice . we have to take you son . she jump in front of they . dianne if you take he , you will have to get past I . . MARK it 's okay , Mom . I will go . call Reggie and tell she to meet I at the jail . she will probably sue this clown by lunch and have then fire by tomorrow . nassar reach for Mark and grab he by the arm . dianne scream and slap nassar across the face . dianne do not touch he ! klickman instantly grab dianne , make she lose she - balance , and they fall to the floor , his wallet fall out of he pocket and credit card scatter . dianne you son of a bitch ! MARK Mom ! they all turn , and see ricky stand at the deor . the noise have wake he . he begin to shriek , cry uncontrollably at the sight of he mother entangle with the f.b.i. guy . Mark leap to help he mother , when klichknan drag he away from the fraca . nassar let 's go , kid . dianne scream . it be chaos . klickman try to collect he card , ext . hospital - soon after Mark be lead through a gauntlet of Press by nassar and klickaan . ( continued ) 81 . continued : MARK they be take I to jail ! I be eleven year old , and they hit my mother ! klickman shut up , kid ! MARK they do not even read my rights ! int . memphis ymca - same time ++. dn which a alcoholics anonymous meeting be be hold . some twenty people be sit , drink coffee , smoking ( the air be blue with it ) listen as Reggie 's raise hand be acknowledge by the leader . reggie hi , I be Reggie . I be a alcoholic ... group ri , Reggie . reggie I be have '' rough week . I , uh , take this case , this kid come in , and it 's a hot case , I get to be real honest here , I say to myself , this be my big case . my ' any Fisher , ' my ' klaus von bulow . 's I be gonna be the lady lawyer of the nineties . I be gonna be on ' sixty Minutes , 's I will be fabulous in court , dress like Glenn Close in '' and , and I will just ... do my number and walk out triumphant , in a flash of , you know , photographer . but what I realize , be that I have get this boy . and he brother , and he mother , and you know , I have get this responsibility , and thing be just get bigger and bigger , and I be really nervous , ' cause I do not know where this be all lead . this be not what I think it be go to be . . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : reggie ( cont 'd ) I be worried that , when push come to shove ... I do not know if I have get what it take to go the distance here , and I and scare that when this kid really need I , or when it 's really gonna take my all , that just like my husband , just like my child , that I will not be there for he ... I '11 bail or worst of all be in some bar ... I be scared ... I be scared shitless .. , suddenly she see clint wave to she from outside the room . hallway - second later . Reggie and clint run . clint Mark 's be pick up ! he 's in custody ! reggie what ? clint foltrigg . he file '' petition and Harry Roosevelt 's schedule a@ hearing for noon . reggie noon ! that 's fifty - six minute from now . there 's three to seven day after filing a petition , not three to seven hour ! ( shrough gritt tooth qh , that folerigg -- he 's feed Roosevelt a bunch of bulishie ! ext . memphis jail - establishing - morning int . memphis jail - entry 4 black woman officer ( doreen ) stand behind 2 desk with @ clipboard . ( continued ) 83. continued : doreen empty you pocket . put the content in this metal container . Mark pull some change and a piece of gum out of he pocket . doreen okay . now follow mar . Mark begin to follow she down a hall . MARK be not you gonna fingerprint I ? doreen of course not . Mark look around es he walk . he see some female prisoner milling about . MARK what kind of place be this ? doreen it 's a woman 's detention hall . MARK what ? why be I be put in with the woman ? doreen " Cause you be a minor . MARK I do not want to be treat like a child ! I demand my rights ! put I where the man be . doreen listen , we get all kind of smart wouth up here , okay ? you will get along much better if you will just keep you mouth shut . doreen lead Mark down the hall to a door . she open the door , which lead to -- empty cell wing - continuous action comprise of three cell and a small hall . ( continued ) 84 . continued : doreen this be where you stay for now . MARK be this what they mean by ' solitary ’? doreen no . you can have any bed you want . wall be cinderblock and the window be unbreakable , so do not try anything . you can watch a little t.v. in here if you want to . : Mark stand sullenly . doreen be you okay , Mark ? Mark look up at she . MARK can I call my mother ? just to tell she I be okay ? she 's worried sick . , this make doreen smile . she realize this kid 's different from all she other inmate -- he look so innocent . doreen : well , okay , I will run a phone in here for you , I suppose we can make a little exception . int . cell block Mark sit in a corner , a phone receiver up to he ear , and a open phone book on he lap . phone ( v.0 . ) brother 's pizza ... MARK ( deepen he voice ) uh , yes , I would like to order twenty of you large supreme . phone ( v.0 . ) okay ... . ( continued ) continued : MARK yes . need they deliver at noon . phone ( v.0 . ) name ? MARK I be order they for detective klickman , North precinct . : phone ( v.0 . ) oh , we have deliver there before , believe I . how would you like to pay for this ? MARK oh , uh ... Mark pull out one of the credit card that detective klickman drop in the hospital . MARK master Card ! the number be 5555 3567 9827 0021 . phone ( v.0 . ) that will be two hundred and forty - _@ight dollar and ten cent . MARK fine. int . cheap new orlean boarding room - bathroom amber , a buxom stripper , stand in the bathroom as ba : try muldanno take a shower . she be hold the phone in she hand . amber Barry ! it 's gronke ! muldanno rip the shower curtain open , and grab the phone , water drip everywhere . muldanno yeah ? what ? the cop get not im ??? int . memphis radisson inn - gronke' room - same time gronke be speak on the phone . bono and nance be stand in the room . ( continued ) 86 . continued : gronke happen less than thirty minute ago . they take he straight to jail . they have to file something en youth court . muldanno listen , you worthless piece of shit ! I want that damned record . I want you boy to keep watch he . if they move he anywhere , I wanna know it immediately . if they take he to court , I wanna know it . I do not want to hear any more pussy - to excuse ! gronke this be not New Orleans , Barry , and this be not just some little punk you can rub out and make everything jake . this kid 's get baggage . people be watch hin . if you do something stupid , you will have a hundred fibby all over you ass . you will not be able to - breathe , and bono and I will ret in jail . ( hand the phone to bono} he want to talk to you . bono walk over , take the phone from gronke , and listen . bono yeah ? bono listen . bono right ... bono suddenly slug gronke across the face with the telephone receiver . bono then hold the phone out to gronke again . bono the blade want to know if you get the message . int . memphis juvenile court build - harry roosevelt office - late morning Reggie enter judge Harry Roosevelt 's office , fill with fishing photo , paraphernalia , ete . ( continued ) 87 . continued : harry roosevelt , a sharp black man in he early 40s , look up from he desk . harry good morning , Reggie . not surprised to see you here . how be you ? reggie Fine thanks , Harry . how 's the fishing ? harry marvelous . , reggie you do not have to sign = custody order . I would have bring he here , Harry , you know that . he 's in good hand . why so fast ? I have not prepare ! harry Reggie , Reggie . you never believe you client should be take into custody . accord to the f.3.2. , little Mark sway could be in a world of danger . reggie what would they tell you ? harry - it will come out during the hearing in a hour . just be patient for once , * reggie they must have be pretty convincing , Harry . I get a hour 's notice of the hearing ... . harry think you would like that . we can do it tomorrow if you would like . I do not mind make Mr. foltrigg and the f.b.i. wait . reggie not with Mark in custody . release he to I . ( continued ) continued : harry I be afraid to release he . accord to the f.b.i. there be some very dangerous people now in the city who may want to shut he up . do you know a Mr. gronke , and he pal bono . ever hear of this guy ? reggie no . harry neither have I , until this morning . it seem that this gentleman heave arrive in we fair city from New Orleans , and that they be close associate of Mr. Barry muldanno , or ' the blade , 's as I believe he 's know down there . this scare I , Reggie , really scare I . this man do not play game . reggie well it scare I , too , but I have arrange security at the hospital . harry have he be threaten ? reggie yes . but I do not think the code give you the authority the order custody of child who may be in danger . harry Reggie , dear , I write the code . tf can issue a custody order for child alleged to be delinquent . ' +. so , what do the kid know ? / reggie you know it 's privileged , Harry . harry so , he know more than he should . Reggie say nothing ... then . ' reggie he 's a great kid , Harry , remarkable really . he 's never have a break . please help hin , Harry . 88 . ( continued ) a9 . continued : harry T know it . one of they finally get to you . reggie will you help we , Harry ? int . juvenile court build - witness room C - shortly later Reggie sit opposite Mark in the small room . Mark be beginning to look scared and sad . reggie you be here because they think you know something valuable , and the law say every person have a duty to assist official in the course of they investigation . MARK the law be stupid . reggie maybe so , but we can not change it today . Mark begin to rock forward in he chair . MARK Reggie ? reggie yes ? + MARK I have be thinkin’ . reggie what ? MARK why can not I just tell they I know nothing ? why can not I say that I and old romey talk about suicide and go to heaven and hell , you know , stuff like that ? : reggie tell lie ? Mark smile . ( continued ) 90 , MARK yeah . [ it will work , you know . nobody know the truth but romey , I and you . right ? and romey , bless he heart , be not talkin’ . reggie you can not lie in court , Mark . Mark do not understand . MARK what do you mean ? it 's easy . they do it all the time . reggie I cannot - allow you to lie to the court . you will be under eath , so you must tell the truth and then we can enter you and you family in the witness Protection program . MARK then it be a mistake to hire you , I guess , reggie T do not t think sa . MARK sure it be . you be make I tell the truth , and the truth might get I kill . t¢ you be not around , I would march in there and lie my little butt of # and I and Mom and ricky would all be safe ... reggie you can fire I if you want . MARK okay . you be fire ! there be a long pause . Reggie pick up she thing . reggie okay . the court will appoint you another lawyer . good luck , ma : tk . Reggie stand and leave . she feel awful . MARK Reggie ! ( continued ) 91 . continued : Reggie stop . T do not want another lawyer . Reggie turn , and look back at Mark . int . juvenile court - day judge Harry Roosevelt sit behind he large desk , face the small gstoup of people in the lock courtroom . a ahifty -look bailiff bring some paper from the desk , and hand they the fink , who sit at a large table face the judge with foltrigg , mcthune , trumann , boxx . Mark and Reggie sit at another table near they . harry for the record , I note the child be present along with counsel , and that the child 's mother , who be alleged to be he custedial parent , be serve with a copy of _the petition and @ summon this morning . however , the child 's mother be not present in the courtroom and this concern I . fink stand up quickly . fink you honer , if I may , for the record , I be Thomas fink , assiztant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana . Harry look skeptically at fink . fink I be one of the petitioner in this matter , and if tt may , I would like to address the issue of the absence of the child 's mother . Harry lean forward , never break he gaze . fink yeur honor , it 's we position , the position of the petitioner ... ( continued ) continued : harry you position , Mr. fink , be in that chair right there . please sit , and listen to I very carefully , because I will only say this once . and if I have to say it again , I will do so as they be put you in handcuffs and take you away for a night in we splendid jail . fink , shocked , fall into he seat . foltrigg now , now , judge Roosevelt . harry . and as for you , Mr. foltrigg , this be net some fancy courtroom in New Orleans , and I be not one of you federal judge . this be my little private courtroom , and I make the rule . rule number one be that you speak only in my courtroom you be speak to . rule - mumber two be that you do not grace his honor with unsolicite speech , comment or remark . rule number three be thet his honor do not like to hear the voice of lawyer , especially u.s. attorney who love to hear themselves talk ! do you understand this tule , gentleman ? they nod . harry Mr. foltrigg ? foltrigg yes , you honor ? harry I understand you want Mr. pink to handle this case for the prosecution . foltrigg yes sir , you honor , sir . if it please the court , sir , 92 . ( continued ) 93 . continued : harry T will allow it . but try to keep he butt in he seat . foltrigg roll he eye as Mark crack a grin . harry please proceed , Ms. Love . j Reggie take off she glass and address Harry from behind she table . reggie the child move this court to | dismiss the petition file against he . on the grounds that the allegation be without merit and the petition have be file in a 4 effort to explore thing the child . might know . MARK ( to Reggie ) stop call I a child . harry - ( to Mark ) '' quiet ! Young man ! proceed . reggie ' Mr. foltrigg and Mr. fink be use this hearing as a fishing expedition for they desperate criminal investigation . they petition be a hopeless mishmash of maybe ' 's and what if 's , and file under oath without the slight hint of the re truth . they be desperate , you honor , and they be here shoot in the dark hope they hit something . the petition should be dismiss , and we should a 11 go home . Harry glare down at fink . harry I be inclined to agree with she , Mr. fink . what about it ? ( continued ) 94 , continued : suddenly foltrigg blurt out , stand . foltrigg beggin 's you pardon , you honor . we feel the petition be much like a indictment . its truth cannot be ascertain without a hearing , and if we can get on with it , we can prove we allegation ! you honor . foltrigg sit down . Harry turn to Reggie . harry anything else , Ms. Love ? reggie not at this time . harry . Mr. fink . you may proceed . fink well , you honor , this may sound a bit strange , but we feel that , due to the unusual circumstance of this case , the child should take the stand and testify . Harry rip off he glass . harry you what ? pink we , uh , feel that -- harry Mr. fink , have you study the juvenile law for this jurisdiction ? fink I -- I have . harry the child cannet be force to testify , same as any other criminal or juvenile court proceeding . surely you understand this ? ( continued ) continued : fink you honor , the child be the only witness . he be the last person to see Jerome clifford alive . we have establish Jerome clifford as a source of vital information concern the disappearance of Senator boyd boyette in we petition . we have establish the child lie about he involvement with clifford 's death . we be ask that the child testify . we be not force the child to testify . not at this time , anyway . - Harry look at Reggie . harry Ms. Love , will you ' allow 's you client to testify ? Reggie pause , then look at Mark , who sit silent , confuse , reggie that 's up to my client . foltrigg and Harry watch Reggie confer with she client . reggie my client will testify , but I will not tolerate abusive question by Mr. fink . fink you honor , please ... harry quiet , Mr. fink . remember rule number one ? do not speak until speak to ! Harry smile at Mark . harry Mark , I want you to remain in you seat , next to you lawyer , while I ask you some question . raise you right hand , Mark . Mark begin to tremble with fear , and lift he hand . , ( continued ) 96 . continued : harry do you swear to tell the truth ? Mark nod . harry okay , now , Mr. fink be go to ask you some question . he will keep the question clear and simple . if you need a break to step outside and talk to Reggie , Ms. Love , just let I know , okay ? MARK yes sir . fink turn in he chair , and face Mark like a hungry puppy . fink now , Mark , I want you to explain to I exactly how you and you brother discover Mr. clifford on Monday . MARK we sneak off into the wood behind the trailer park , to smoke & cigarette . fink what would you do then ? MARK the car pull up , we hide . the man try to kill himself with a hose in the tail pipe . I pull it out , he find I . fink be you force into the car with Mr. clifford before he die ? Mark pause . MARK yessir . foltrigg be joyous . fink and what do he do once he get you in the car ? ( continued ) 97 . continued : MARK well , he slap I some more , yell at I a few time , threaten I ... fink you talk with clifford when you be in the car ? MARK yessir . fink what do he say ? MARK he be out of he mind , keep talk about float off to '' La land , then he would yell at I for cry , then he would apologize for hit I . fink that 's '' 11 he say ? MARK what do you mean ? fink do Mr. clifford say anything else ? Mark do not say anything . pink Mark , I ask you if Mr. clifford say anything alse . like what ? fink like , do he mention hing about senstor boyd boyette ? do + clifford mention anyt a case of he in New Orleans involve a Mr. Barry muldanno or the late Senator boyd boyette ? wark look at Reggie . she smile at he , he 's do not . ( continued ) 98 . continued : MARK I do not think I want to answer that question ... Reggie grin . fink Mark , look at I . I want you to answer the question . do Mr. clifford mention Barry muldanno or boyd boyette ? MARK can I take the fifth amendment ? , fink no ! MARK why not ? it apply to kid , do not it ? fink yes , but not in this sitution . you be not implicate in the death of Senator boyette . you be not . implicate in any crime . MARK then why put I in jail ? fink I be go to send you back there if you do not answer my question . reggie objection , you honor . MARK T take the fifth anyway . Reggie lean back , proud of Mark . fink would you like to talk to you attorney in private ? MARK we have already talk . you can send I back to jail if you like , but I can not say anything more . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ink F do Mr. clifford say anything about the murder of boyd boyette ?! MARK I take the fifth . fink I be order you to answer this question ! MARK yessir . I be sorry . but I can not answer this question because I be afraid of what might happen to I or my family . Harry and Reggie look at each other across the courtroom . int . hallway outside harry roosevelt courtroom - later people be leave , the trial be over , it 's the end of the day . the bailiff finish lock the door , and walk down the hall towards the men' room . int . men' room the bailiff walk over to a urinal , and start to take a piss . he be stand near another man , who be also pissing . the man be Jack nance . bailiff we alone ? nance yep . what happen ? bailiff kid would not talk , so he 's go back to jail . they be call it contegpt , but old Harry just want to keep ' im safe . nance what do he know ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : bailiff I would say he know everything . the kid take the fifth amendment . tough little bastard . nance but he know ? bailiff oh sure . but he 's not tell . judge want he back tomorrow at noon to see if a night in the slammer change he mind . the bailiff zip up he pants and step away from the urinal . . bailiff you do not hear it from I . nance hand he a fold 100 dollar bill . int . antoine's restaurant ( new orlean ) - night muldanno head through the front door , and walk through the crowded restaurant . he resch the back , where in a seclude booth sit johnny sulari . muldanno nod to a waiter , grin at a thug , and move over to johnny , whe be dining with a bimbo . johnny send she away , and wave he to take a seat , which he do obediently . what be it ? muldanno just talk to gronke in Memphis . the beautiful waitress come over to the table , and put down a new pair of salt and pepper shaker , and a bottle of ketchup . waitress what can I get you , Mr. muldanno ? muldanno beer , grolsch . thank you , gorgeous . the waitress leave . ( continued ) 101 . continued : muldanno the kid 's in jail , and he be not talkin ' ... sulari you be a dumbass , Barry , you know that ? muldanno we have have this conversation . sulari I know , and we will have it again . you be a dumbass , and I just want you to know that I think you be a@ dumbass . muldanne roll he eye . muldanno okay . so I be a dumbass . but we meed to make a move , uncle johnny . : sulari what kind of ' move ' ? prom the rear of the crowded restaurant , special agent scherff watch muldannc and sulari talk . he move through the cluster of table , and sink back towards the steamy kitchen . int . restaurant kitchen - same time scherff walk over to another agent , and the two of they head back through to a small little office . the beautiful waitress stand there . scherff thanks sweetheart . waitress any time . int . office behind restaurant kitchen - same time scharff and the other agent join a third agent , who be sit at a small recording console that be pick up muldanno 's conversation . agent we be pick it up just fine . int . restaurant - same time the salt and pepper shaker sit between muldanno and sulari , but we know now they be bugge . muldanno the little bastard know something . why would he clam up like this ? this kid scare mar . he 's tell he lawyer , so that make two more who know now . . sulari yeah , but he be not talkin’ , Barry . think about it . we get to he . we take care of the trailer . the kid be scared to death . muldanno we can hit the kid . there be way . sulari we can not hit the kid . everybody 's watch he right now . a million cop will hound we to we grave . tt will not work . | int . office - same time the. f.b.i , Agents , listen to the conversation over earphone . muldanno ( v.0 . ) what about he mother or he brother ? wheat about he lawyer ? sulari ( v.0 . ) why would you kill she ? muldanno ( v.0 . ) maybe I hate lawyer . maybe it will scare the kid so bad he will go into @ coma like he brother . I do not sulari ( v.0 . ) the kid will juse get another lawyer . muldanno ( v.0 . ) we will kill the next one , too . think about it . this could do wonder for the legal profession . no lawyer in he right mind would represent he . get it ? 103 . int . restaurant - same time sulari look sad . sulari you be losin’ , it Barry , you be crackin’ up . muldanno we be breakin’ into Reggie Love 's office tonight , fixzin ' she phone . sulart be they protect she ? 0 I do not think so , int . office - same time scherff and the Agents look at each other . scherff get I Roy foltrigg on the phone . and we better warn this Reggie Love person . ext . sterick build - late night . the sterick building stretch up to the full moon like a monolith . int . sterick build - reggie' office - late night Reggie 's office be still and silent in the darkness . suddenly , the doorknob turn with a click . the door open slowly . ta step Jack nance . he look around . he be breathe , nervous . - in the. darkness , Jack nance have Reggie 's telephone flip over . he be plant a bug . he have a hard time adjust he screwdriver in the dark . int . jail - outer hallway - night doreen lumber down the hallway . she take out she ring of key , and head towards Mark 's cell . ( continued ) 104 . continued : she look into the window of Mark 's cell . doreen gasp at what she see through the window . int . reggie' office - night nance finish with one phone , and scramble over to the next . int . juvenile detention CENTER - night doreen scramble to open Mark 's door . she see Mark lie on the floor . he be wet with sweat , shaking , and unconscious . doreen Mark ! Mark ! oh my God ! doreen leap down to help Mark . doreen . telda ! call the doctor ! int . reggie' office - night nance begin to work on bugging another phone , when all : of a sudden -- all of the light flip on . nance squint in the bright light . two uniform policeman , Lieutenant byrd , and clint be in the room . nance be catch , freeze , speechless . ' byrd evenin ' , Jack . think now 's a sood time to discuss you parole ? Jack drop the phone to the floor , defeat . int . mark cell doreen touch the sweat on Mark 's stomach . telda , another female guard , rush to the door . doreen damn ! he 's soaking wet ! ( continued ) 105 . continued : telda the poor kid 's in shock , be not he ? just like he brother ! doreen get a towel over here ! telda rush out as the doctor rush in . doctor what 's go on ? doreen the kid 's in shock ! the Doctor start to frantically examine Mark . doctor damn , he heart be about to explode ! he might be in arrest ! get a ambulance now ! i . ST. peter' charity hospital - emergency ward - ght ie be chaos . nurse and doctor and patient be everywhere . Mark be wheeled in on a stretcher through double door . paramedics wheel he to the admittance area . a nurse greet hin . nurse what have we get here ? paramedic look like stress or shock or something . he 's from juvenile court . the nurse look at the fora . nurse so he 's not bleed or anything ? paramedic no ... nurse this be a war zone , fella . he should be take to psychiatric , not here . he can wait five minute . wheel he over there , we will be with he shortly . + ( continued ) 106 . continued : paramedic sign the form , lady , and he 's all yours . she sign . nurse where 's the police ? paramedic he 's just a juvenile . the paramedics be go . Mark be leave alone among the frantic activity of the emergency room . he have manage to curl himself up in the fetal position , Mark 's eye slowly open , and he take he thumb out of he mouth . he look ground . he be conscious , and fully aware . nobody have any time to pay attention to he . Mark see he chance , and sit up . he unbuckle himself fron the stretcher gurney , and leap off . Mark run quickly to the stairwell , and nobody have see hia leave . int . hospital stairwell - same time Mark bound up the stair , two at a time . be floor ward outside of ricky's room - moment Mark sneak a peek from the stairwell entrance , down the hall from ricky 's room . the floor be sparsely populate . Mark can see the two . guard sit by ricky 's room . Mark stand there , not know what he next move should be . then , he see -- dianne exit the room . she walk out past the guard , and stop , pause to light a cigarette . he want he mother to see he , but at the same time can not risk be catch by the guard , or anybody else . Mark slowly turn , and suddenly find himself stand down the hallway from Paul gronke , who have just exite the elevator . gronke see he . lightn fast , Mark slam himself throught he stairwell door juse to he right . 107 . int . stairwell - night ... the murkier light of a stairwell . he race down a flight of stair , with gronke vight behind he . take the stair two at a time , he race ... + past the fifth floor exit ... + and past the fourth floor exit ... + ++ and past the third floor exit ... - and past the first floor exit ... + + + and to the basement level , where he push through the green door and inte ... int . basement the door scrape again as gronke pursue . stumble over the coil of wire and old tope , gronke open he truly horrifying knife ( it have a serrate edge ) , and begin fe stalk the steamy bowel of the cellar look or Mark . walk with he knee bent , ready to jump in any direction thet Mark might appear , gronke pass by ... + ++ the six-foot-high pile of roll tarpaper ... «+. the jumble of scaffold use for window wash ... ++. the drum of plasma ... + ++ the pallet of old brick ... +s . but he see nothing , hear nothing . finally , gronke call softly . gronke Mark , I do not really want to hurt you -- come on out ; I juse want to talk to you . and then , as if from nowhere , gronke see Mark spring from the shadow , towards a dim hallway . gronke give ie . . int . morgue gronke spring into the dark room . < a couple of body await be tag . then , beyond the row of body drawer be -- : a large refrigerator door , leave open . gronke look one and see that there be no other place for Mark to . ( continued ) 108 . continued : gronke okay , kid . I know you be in there . gronke walk over to the refrigerator which be dark on the inside . gronke flip on a light , and see row of body . gronke nothing personal , kid . gronke enter . in the main room , Mark uncover himself from a body cloth , and leap off a table , and with all he might , hurl himself at the refrigerator door . gronke hear the door shut behind he . Mark lock the door , sealing gronke off from the rest of the world . Mark , breathe heavily , can hear gronke' mute scream from behind the metal door . ext . momma love's house - establishing - night some police car sit in front of momma Love 's house . int . momma love's house - kitchen - night Reggie , clint , and momma Love sit uncomfortably in the kitchen . momm Love look over towards the front door of she house , at the two uniform cop stand there , talk to each other . momma love why do I feel like a prisoner ? reggie momma . let 's just relax . a momma love it 's not every day the mob put a contract out on you . reggie all we have to do be stay cale . the telephone ring , and the three of they jump a mile . they look at each other . Reggie get it . . reggie yes ? ( continued ) 109 . continued : MARK ( v.0 . ) Reggie ? it 's I ! I have escape ! Reggie be in shock . she look at the cop , who have press they ear to the screen door the listen in on who she 's talk to . reggie velma ! what a time to call ! clint look at momma Love . cli ( mouth ) who 's ' velma 's ? Reggie take the phone call around the corner , for some privacy . reggie ( whisper harshly ) Mark ! what the hell be go int . ST . peter' hospital ~ morgue - same time : MARK I be not in jail anymore . escape . I be at St. Peter 's . reggie ( v.0 . ) what ! how ? int . momma love 's - same time Reggie calus herself . reggie T see . and how do you get there , dear ? int . ST . peter' hospital - morgue - same time MARK by ambulance . I fake a attack of Post traumatic stress syndrome , and they rush I over . reggie ( v.0 . ) be you okay ? ( continued ) — 110 . continued : MARK I recover real fast . I fake they out . I jogge in place real fast for half a hour , and when they find I I be soaking wet . I walk out of the emergency room , and here I be . I escape ! it be so easy . int . momma love be - same time reggie Mark , listen . you find a cop now ! we be all in danger ! you and I ! believe I ! int . ST . peter' hospital - morgue - same time MARK I be not go back to jail , and I be mot go to see the grand jury in New Orleans . they will just lock I up down there ... . reggie ( v.0 . ) listen , Mark , you can not do this ... MARK it 's do , and I be not go back ! int . momma love be - night reggie what room be you in ? clint join she . int . ST . peter' hospital - morgue - nicht MARK be you still my lawyer ? reggie ( v.0 . ) of course I be you lawyer . MARK then you can not repeat anything I tell you . reggie ( v.0 . ) Mark ! + ( continued ) lll . continued : MARK be you my friend ? ' Cause if you be , you be the only one I have get . reggie ( v.0 . ) yes , Mark . where be you ? MARK you know the back parking lot , the one next to that big green building . I will be hide between some park car . int . momma love be - same time . reggie I will be in clint 's car . a black Honda . she hang up . clint my car ? reggie they '' 11 be lock for I , toc . I need you key , and you credit card clint look , I love you , Reggie , but my car and my plastic . reggie how much cash do you have ? clint forty buck , but ... reggie give it to I . i'11 pay you back he hand everything over to she . . clint you can not run away with a eacape , I do not know , whatever the hell he be . they will arrest you for contribute . you will be indicted . lose you license . it 's crazy . insane . you have lose you mind . ( continued ) 212 . continued : reggie I have lose it before , take care of momma Love . stay by the phone . I will cali you later , they embrace . clint take it easy with the Visa . it 's almost to the limit . int . jason mcthune's house - bedroom - night the telephone ring . mcthune wake , reach over he fat wife sleep next to he , and answer . mcthune hello ? ( listen ) pardon not ? his mouth drop . ext . ST . peter 's - night cop and cop car everywhere . Reggie drive clint 's car through all the madness into the -- . back parking lot Reggie avoid the chaos as Mark race through park car and with police all around , Reggie open the door and Mark daringly jump in . , int . car Reggie push Mark 's head down . reggie on the floor , get down . boldly , they drive through the mayhem and away from the hospital . re you mother must be frantic ! ( continued } - 113 . continued : MARK I call she from the morgue , explain everything . told she we be go to fix everything . reggie we ? MARK you be a accomplice now , be not you ? another angle the limo screech to a halt , and foltrigg , mcthune , fink , trumann and boxx dash toward the hospital entrance . mcthune we be watch the mother 's room in case he try to get to she . foltrigg have anyone question she yet ? - no , sir , you say you want to be the first . ext . STREET - night Reggie drive clint 's car . int . car feeling safer now , Mark sit up in the passenger seat . MARK it like you car better . Reggie stop for a red light . suddenly a cop car stop next to they . the cop behind the wheel look over to Mark . reggie ( hiss ) do not look at he . the light change and Reggie make a leave . the cop follow . ( continued ) 114 . continued : reggie do not turn around . just act normal . MARK why be he follow we ? he musta recognize I from the papers . reggie just be cool . the cop car pull alongside and then pass then , speed up and out of sight . . reggie he 's go ! int . ricky's room ' ricky sleep while dianne face foltrigg , mcthune , fink , trumann and boxz . dianne what do you mean Mark be miss ? you mean to say , you lose he ? foltrigg have he try to contact you tonight ? D ( lie ) no ... have you searched the hospital ? he know it real well , you know ? mcthune we can not find Reggie Love either . she 's not at home and she mother be not sayin’ much . doe you think Mark could be with she ? dianne I hope so . foltrigg where would they go ... the two of they together ? huh , what do you think ? dianne Hell , you all be the f.b.i . you find ' enl !! 115 . int . car ( outer street of memphis ) - night Mark be punch all the button on the radio . MARK you listen to oldy ? Reggie quickly turn off the radio . reggie Mark ! get serious ! we can not just drive aimlessly about ... MARK you be do just fine . keep drivin ' over the bridge . reggie ( sarcastically ) a destination would be nice . what be you think about ? MARK lot of thing . in jail , you can think a lot . what romey tell I , - might be true , might not . if it be not true , I would be off the hook . if it be true , we would have '' better _ chance to bargain with the f.b.i. , get my mother a new life . they will give we anything we want . reggie so ...? MARK so just head towards Louisiana . we be gonna go to New Orleans , and find romey 's house . that 's where the body 's suppose to be . reggie that 's the last thing in the whole world I want to know . MARK you do now . reggie ( laugh ) you be not suggest that we ... MARK that we should look for boyd boyette 's body , and see for ourselves . + ( continued ) 116 . continued : Reggie slam the brake . reggie absolutely not . enough be enough ! ! Mark jump out of the car and atart to hitch as Reggie leave the car quickly . ext . car - continuous action - first light of dawn reggie get back in here ! now I be the adu let I go ! reggie stop it ! for once ... MARK I be goin ' whether you be with I er not ! I will hitchhike if I have to reggie Mark ! will you shut up and listen to I ? this be too dangerous . it 's insane . it could get we kill . MARK we be gonna be kill if we do not do anything ! you have gotta let I go ! let I go , Reggie ! reggie just cut a deal with the f.b.i. , and we will be okay ... MARK we can not trust ‘em ! you tell I thatit ! reggie Mark ! Mark shake she loose . they both breathe heavily . reggie Mark , son , client ... friend . why would you want to put you young life on the line like this ? ( continued ) 117 . continued : MARK Reggie , this be all my fault , God punish I ' cause I steal Mom 's cigarettes and take ricky out in the wood and lie to everybody ... an' he punish I by hurtin 's ricky , ' cause I sure wish it be I lyin’ there like a vegetable than ricky , who be not never do nothin ' to nobody ... an’ when I be at mama Love 's I see that picture of Jesus in the kitchen with all the kid ... a ' it say , ' bring all the child unto I ’... and I make a deal that night ... I make a deal that if I make all of this right , for Mom and the f.b.i. and do the right thing by everybody eo that ricky will be okay ... I make a deal , Reggie , an’ I be keepin’ my part of the bargain if it kill I . Reggie be so fill with emotion and pride for Mark she have to catch she breath . reggie you know how to find romey 's house once we get to New Orleans ? ext . " m " bridge - dawn Reggie and Mark drive toward Louisiana . int . johnny sulari be office - Day muldanno stand before sulari , alone . sulari you want I to bring gronke and bono back from Memphis the help you dig up boyette 's body and dispose of it properly ? . jo yes , uncle johnny . surlari . which you should of do in the first place ... ( continued ) continued : 118 . muldanno the kid know where it be , and he 's disappear . who know what he 's do ? it 's just too risky . we gotta move the body , I need you help , uncle johnny . sulari of course you need help . you have do a very stupid thing again , and mow you need I to rescue you again . muldanno it concern all of we , I think . sulari be that a threat , Barry ? I do not take kindly to threat , Barry . I want you to know , that I will not let you take I or anyone else in the family down with you . do you understand ? you may force I to take action as well . ironic , be not it ? you and the boy both have something in common . you both know too much . muldanno I be begging you , uncle johnny . just help I now , and I will never make another mistake again . sulari this be my last favor , Barry . muldanno thank you , uncle johnny . sulari you understand what I mesn when I say my last favor . muldanno I understand , uncle johnny . ext . ramada inn ( outside new orlean ) - dusk a ordinary motel near the airport . int . room Mark and Reggie have buy some sweat which they have change into , ( continued ) 119 . continued : they also collect a street map , flashlight , etc . reggie ready ... ? MARK ready . int . mcthune 's office - dusk mcthune slam the phone down . mcthune het damn ! fink and 's couple other agent look up . mcthune we just listen in on a phone call from clint Van Hooser to dianne sway at the hospital . he tell she he have just talk to Reggie , that she and Mark be in ie '' and everything be not . F New Orleans !? mcthune that 's what he say . no indication exactly where , just New Orleans . fink let 's tell folerigg . ext . shady STREET ( suburb of new orlean ) - night Reggie and Mark drive up to the side of the quiet road . int . reggie' car Reggie drive slowly while Mark beam a flashlight onto a MARK ++. it should be the one . ( continued ) continued : reggie ( as she turn ) 1216 , 1218 ... so it 's on the right side , should be either this one er -- there it be . the headlight illuminate a mailbox with the number " 1216 " and , in smaller letter , " clifford , " MARK can you see the boathouse ? reggie no boathouse . Mark can not take he eye off of Jerome clifford 's property . . MARK romey tell I that Barry the blade hide the Senator 's body ' under he boat ' in he boathouse . reggie on he own property , how insane . MARK romey say Barry the blade be in a hurry . he take the body to he house , and bury it in concrete under the boat . reggie I can not see a boathouse . Mark cpen he door . MARK well , let 's go and see . Reggie quickly lean over Mark , and shut the doer . reggie do not be crazy ! who know who could see we ! we have to be careful . there 's a lake and some wood -- let 's park back there . ext . dock ( new orlean ) - night Barry the blade , bono , and gronke walk towards a car that sit alone on a dock . the man be carry shovel and pick axe . gronke be sneezing . - ( continued ) 121 . continued : they get into the car , start the engine , and spin off onto the street . ext . wood behind jerome clifford house - night through the thick , swampy wood creep Reggie and Mark . the wood be next to the river . reggie it 's so dark , I can barely see . they reach a group cf tree that line the back yard of the cluster of home that include clifford 's house . Mark and Reggie crouch down . reggie that 's clifford 's house , down there . with he ey , Mark follow the line of clifford 's property , and see that it lead down to the river . situated on the river be a ruatic-look boathouse . MARK Reggie look ! that 's romey 's boathouse ! Reggie squint , and survey the boathouse . reggie yeah . MARK it 's gotta be . let 's go . reggie careful , Mark ! we do not want to be arrest for trespasp ! between Mark and Reggie 's vantage point and romey 's boat - house lie another piece of property , a home belong to a Mr. ballentine . in order to get to romey 's boathouse , they must run across ballentine 's property . there be " no trespassing - armed response " sign post about . Reggie and Mark scamper across the back lawn of the ballentine ' residence . in the light window of the house , Mark can see mr . ballentine , 's fat old man , pour himself a glass of chocolate milk in he kitchen . . reggie for God 's sake , let 's not set off any alarm . ( continued ) 122 . continued : Mark and Reggie try to creep behind shrub and tree , past ballentine 's house , until they reach clifford 's property and the boathouse . Mark silently dash down towards the boathouse . Reggie try to keep up with he . reggie ( whisper desperately ) Mark ! Mark , hold on ! she catch up to he , and hold he back . reggie Mark ! come on , Reggie ! . Reggie get a good look at the boathouse . it 's old , big , forebode . she can see a big lock on the door . : reggie it 's lock ! Jesus , just slow down , and let 's think sbout this . MARK we can break the lock ! reggie we can not wake up half the neighborhood ! Mark walk up to the boathouse , and pull at the lock , he try the door . they will not budge . Reggie try a smaller side - door . also padlock . they whisper . reggie now what ? Mark glance up , see a high window open so that only a child could crawl in . he point to a spot under the window . MARK stand over there and make a step . Mark lace he finger together , palma up . . MARK make a gtep . I be gonna climb on you shoulder . ( continued ) 123 . continued : Reggie 's face say , " oh , Jesus , '' but she do it . Mark drop the flashlight inside he shirt , put a foot in she palm , then manage to clamber up onto she shoulder . Reggie stagger a bit but be able to hold he weight . Mark work with the window , grunt a bit , and yes , the thing give way and pull wide , make a loud creaking noise as it swing open . immediately , Mark be climb inside . reggie Mark , wait ... but he 's inside . Reggie flatten herself against the wall , look hard at the neighbor 's house surround by chain - link fence and alarm system sign . silence . int . boathouse the structure be surprisingly big . Mark dangle from '' three - inch wide rafter that run across the boathouse , then drop down onto a gravel floor . the full moon shine through the window , give we some light . Mark switch the flashlight on low and we see ... spiderweb everywhere , cover rusted patio furniture , stack of newpaper and , oddly , huge bunch of wire coathanger bound together . the boat itself -- a large , sixteen : foot outboard ski rig sit in the exact middle of the space . layer of junk be pile against the boat : Sacks of aluminum can , garden tool , old tire , etc . be as quiet as he can , Mark lift a tire away from the boat . ext . boathouse - same time . Reggie stiffen as she hear male voice . where be the voice come from ? where 's the source ? and suddenly she see three shadow , and oh , Christ , they be walk straight down the driveway toward the boathouse . int . boathouse - same time Mark be on the floor , which be slant down and lead to the murky water . the boathouse be dark and eerie . he crouch under the boat , and examine the concrete . which be pour hastily , and look like something could be underneath . 124 . ext . boathouse Reggie freaking . reggie ( frantic whisper ) Mark ! Mark ! somebody 's come . the shadow be closer . what can she do ? she give one rap on the wall -- as hard as she dare -- and fade back inte the weed . int . boathouse Mark freaking . ext . front of boathouse closer to we , we see that the shadow be Barry , gronke _and bono carry hammer and chisel . they also speak in whisper . . bono you get a key ? Barry , he face strain , shoot the lock twice with he silencer pistol , a soft thunk , thunk , and the padlock fall away . the three man stop as a mute clatter come from within the boathouse . int . boathouse Mark leap onto the side of the boat . he lift himself ue and over the side of the boat , and hide under a sheet of canvas . ext . boathouse - angle on reggie who be rigid , absolutely freeze as she watch the three man draw gun and enter the boathouse , clese the door behind thea . int . boathouse - same time moonlight still stream through the window , and the two thug have produce flashlight with which they search the interior of the boathouse . everything look exactly as it have before : the tire and the sack of can lean against the boat precisely as they do before Mark touch anything . ( continued ) 125 . continued : barry I know I hear something . gronke maybe a cat ? Barry do not answer he . he flash the light around the boathouse one more time , but see nothing and move to the boat . the three man quickly push away the junk and roll the boat off its spot . Barry scrape away two inch of gravel with a shovel quickly hit the concrete . he put down the shovel and he and both of the other man pick up hammer and chisel and begin to chink away . as the three work -- int . boat Mark lower himself down into the darkness of the boat even some more . in the shadow , he look around . he look down towards the boat 's stern . he can see , through the edge of the canvas sheet boat cover , that the large door to the boathouse have be leave open by the thug . Mark think , and begin to creep he way under the canvas to he escape route . one sound and he 's dead . Mark have reach the edge of the boat , and lift the canvas up . he be about two foot from the open door . it be very dark , and the man have al ] they flashlight beam aim down at the. cement . Mark carefully climb out over the end of the boat , and use the motor and propeller as a mean of lowering himself down onto the ground , quietly . ext . boathouse - same time Reggie crouch where we see she before . she 's in a classic double bind : she 's frighten , want to run , yet she 's even more concerned about Mark . se she 's catch there . int . boathouse the man continue to pick away at the cement . Mark run out the door of the boathouse . ext . boathouse - same time Mark scurries silently into the yard . + ( continued ) 126 . continued : from behind the bush , Reggie frantically wave to he . Mark see she , and run over . they hug , both scared to the marrow of they bone . reggie Mark ! we be get the hell outta here ! MARK we can not ! they be gonna take the body . . reggie but , Mark , they be killer ! this be mafia people ! we have get to get outta here and think of something else to do ! MARK if we let they take the body , we be dead ! — reggie tf we stay , we be dead . let 's go . they beat we . it 's all over . they win . MARK quitter !!! reggie Mark ... MARK no wonder you kid leave you ... you be a quitter !!! this be the worst thing anyone could ever say to she . her silent rage be so staggering that even Mark be scared . Reggie pick up a large rock . Mark be perplex , not know what she could possibly lo . Reggie hold the rock up in the air . then suddenly , she swinga the rock with all she might into the air , and it sail through the night . Mark and Reggie watch the rock hurl towards the ballentine 's house , towards '' large bay window . ( continued ) 127 . continued : the rock smashes through the window of the elegant house , and all of a sudden ail hell break loose . the alarm system go bananas . light flash on , alarm blare . Mark and Reggie hit the ground , in shock . Mark grab Reggie tight . they hide in the shadow , behind a clump of weed . int . clifford boathouse - same time the three goons stop they work . bono what in Christ 's name be go on ? the three man look at each other in panic , and suddenly throw all they tool up over into the boat , and cover they with the canvas . they take some trash , and spill it over the hole in the cement , hide it . bono and gronke run up to the door , brandish they pistol , and lock out into the yard . the sound of the alarm be almost deafening . ext . ballantine house - same time in he underwear , fat old Mr. ballantine come run out of he house with a shotgun . ballentine you son of bitch ! where the hell be you ? come here , man to man int . boathouse - same time bono Christ ! we gotta make a run for it . there will be cop here any minute ! the three man run out into the yard , head up towards the driveway . ext . back yard ballentine can see figure run around on clifford 's residence . ballentine son of bitch ! ( continued ) 128 . continued : ballentine fire a blast blindly over towards the three goons . Barry , bono , and gronke hit the dust , and scramble to take cover . they fan out , run in all direction . ballentine I 's see ya ! you snake ! he fire another load into the darkness . bono Jesus ! bono scramble in the shadow , and run precariously near Reggie and Mark 's hide place . Reggie and Mark see he , crouch down , barely escape be catch . ballentine shoot again . Barry see ballentine , and from across the yard , begin to shoot a round from he pistol . a bullet barely miss ballentine 's head , and ballentine scream . he duck back through the slide door of he : kitchen , where he wife be scream . bono take this opportunity to run back into clifford 's yard , and run back up to the driveway . Reggie and Mark can hear they car start up , and swerve away , inte the street , and take off . they be alone once more . the alarm be still blaring . Reggie and Mark lock at each other , breathe heavily from the excitement . Mark begin to smile . MARK cl you ... you be 's genius . reggie Quick , before the cop come . int . boathouse quickly , Reggie and Mark begin to clear the trash away . revealing the break cement . under the cement , lie something wrap in black plastic . ( continued ) 129 . continued : Mark clear the last bit of trash away , and hold the flashlight close to the black plastic . Mark and Reggie look at each other . MARK should 1 ? Reggie do not say anything . Mark reach down , and grab the black plastic . he begin to stretch it away from the cement , until it rip . Mark bolt upright in horror , and be stare squarely into the face of the late Senator boyd boyatte . the two of they look at the dead man , who look like he be in pain , and be scream out for help . Reggie begin to fall backwards . Mark catch she . : reggie I ... I be sorry . they hear police siren . MARK Quick . they cover the body quickly and make a fast getaway . int . ramada inn coffee shop ( new orlean ) - dawn foltrigg and trumann rush into the shop . the place be empty except for Reggie , who stand at a window . the two stand beside she . foltrigg make a gesture toward & booth -- " do you want to sit ? " but Reggie ignore it . reggie ( to foltrigg ) be you two slone ? ( as foltrig nod ) ts that the truth . ( as he nod again , she point to trumann ) well , have he trot out to one of that car that be not in the parking lot and bring back a pencil and paper from one of that agent that be not there . foltrigg hesitates , but signal for trumann to do just that . ( continued ) continued : she slap rattle . 130 . foltrigg you really see the body ? reggie smell it , too . ( hand he a piece of paper ) ++. Three psychistric hospital that specialize in child . {a beat ) call all three , get a bed in one of they for ricky sway by noon today . / foltrigg ( same old courtly bullshit ) well now , Ms. Love , I be not sure you be in such a strong bargain position as you think . if you know where the body be , just tell I . it 's illegal to -- reggie ( interrupt : fierce , fierce ) listen , damn you , I will get up and walk out of here ! . a@ nearby table so hard that the silverware reggie rovou_hear mar ? you do not bargain with I or my client ! you job be to listen and to nod you head or I will see to it that you nayer find that body and never put you ass in the governor 's chair . clear ? ( as he hesitates ) foltrigg struggle with he temper , and suddenly -- we see the moment -- drop all the fake your- turn- to- curtsy - my-turn - to - bow crap . he nod . reggie good . now , do you fly here in a private jet ? ( as he nod again ) how many do it seat ? foltrigg twelve . + ( continued ) 131 . continued : reggie good . send it back to Memphis tight now . I want you to pick up Diane and ricky sway , along with he doctor . we will meet they at the airport and when Mark be safely on board and the plane 's in the air , then I will tell you where the body be . ( a beat ) how about it so far ? foltrigg I do not hear anything I can not live with . trumann hurry back in with pen and paper . foltrigg ( to trumann ) call this place , find a bed for ricky sway , now , and send the plane back to Memphis to pick up Diane and ricky sway . trumann nod , turn and leave again . foltrigg have the ballpoint and paper . reggie ready ? here we go : the whole family enter the Federal Witness Protection Program . first they pick the hospital and when ricky 's better , they pick the city . foltrigg ( write ) agreed . reggie complete change of identification , and a nice little house . ( new tone ) with a walk - in closet , okay ? ( as foltrigg nod , ' wsure , sure '' ) no , write that down : walk - in sloset ' ( more ) ( continued ) 132 . continued : reggie ( cont 'd ) ( as he do so ) and since this woman need to stay home and raise she kid for a while , I would suggest a monthly allowance of four thousand dollar , guarantee for four year . plus a initial outlay of twenty - five thousand to cover what they lose in the fire . foltrigg keep talk . foltrigg be have a hell of a time write all this while stand up . Reggie take pity on he , sit at < nearby table . foltrigg also sit , still write . reggie . tf Diane ever want to go back to work , a cushy government job . foltrigg we have get plenty of that . reggie she will need a car . foltrigg she will get one . reggie ricky may need extend treatment . foltrigg we will cover it . reggie have that type up and we will all sign it and it will be happily ever after time for all of we . foltrigg be out of the booth and head for the door before she 's stop talk . he stop , though , and come back to the table . foltrigg give I some idea : how far 's the body from here ? reggie twelve minute by the clock . foltrigg 's eye light up and he hurry away . 133 . int . hospital - hallway - early morning dianne sway , she arm fold protectively over she chest , stare at mcthune , clint , and Dr. greenway . Harry Roosevelt , in fishing gear , preside . dianne ( soft ) 1 ... it 's all so confusing . my goddamn head be split . we just get on a plane and fly off forever ? mcthune since Mark 's decide to taik , it 's the best thing . roosevelt but only if you want to do it , dianne . dianne I want to talk to Mark . methune you can talk to he in New Orleans . , roosevelt if you can change he mind , the deal 's off . Reggie 's not drop the big news ' till you guy be on the plane and in the air . dianne ( hesitant ; then ) all right . mecthune race out . int . ST . peter be - ground floor «+. @8 FBI agent hold three of the four elevator on the ground floor . ninth floor waiting room ++. # 3 FBI agent unceremoniously hustle a few people out . ninth floor nurse ' station +e. @ 8 ten agent hold the nurse at they station and secure the entire ninth floor . 134 . ninth floor hallway '' + + a8 the door to 934 open and greenway , mcthune , and clint exit rapidly , push ricky 's gurney . dianne jog along . Karen break free and embrace dianne tearfully . int . ninth floor elevator + + + as the three enter with ricky 's gurney , and mcthune push floor button fifteen . int . hallway - fifteenth floor ++. as the three push ricky 's gurney out of the hallway and down a short passage and through a metal door ... ext . roof --- where a helicopter wait , its blade already turn . '' ricky be load , the three clamber aboard and the helicopter ascend . ext . airport - morning a half - dozen agent run forward as the helicopter land jee ricky be unload , roll toward the wait private et . int . johnny sulari be office - later that day Barry rage in front of sulari , point to gronke and one . muldanno they screw up ! you shit head ! you never walk away ! never ! I tell they not to run ! sulari now settle down , johnny . they do the right thing by walk away . sometimes in life , it 's what you have gotta do . sometimes you have gotta walk away in order to survive . it 's what you should have do in the first place , Barry . you should have walk away . then this whole goddamn mess would never have happen . ( continued ) 135 . continued : muldanno I will dig out the body myself . let I take care of it . it 's not teo late . johnny rise , and take muldanno by the shoulder , sulari you do not know what you be say . you be excited . why do not you let gronke here drive you ? you can take bono for company . you cen all go together for a nice drive . muldanno gulp . muldanno no , uncle johnny . no. I would rather do it on my own . sulari and run the risk of get : catch ? no more risk , Barry . Barry the blade . wo more risk . johnny sulari stand , and walk over to Barry . he take muldanno 's face in both hand , and plant a kias on he lip . the mafia kiss of death . sulari now off with the bunch of yous guy , huh ? tear come to muldanno 's eye as he look at gronke and bono . muldanno can see how glad gronke and bono be to do what they be about to do . everyone get up , lead Barry the blad muldanno out of the office . int . reggie and mark motel room - morning Reggie and Mark and trumann all jump nervously as the telephone ring . Reggie answer , listen , hang up . reggie they be in the air . ( to trumann ) put a couple of you boy near the intersection of St. Charles and toledano . ( continued ) 136 . continued : trumann ( exite ) done and do . as Truman exit , boxx enter , the newly - type agreement in he hand . he give it to Reggie , who scan it , then sign . reggie ( to Mark ) let 's go to the airport . boxx exit , Reggie head toward the door , but stop at the doorway when she realize Mark be not follow she . . reggie what 's wrong ? MARK nothing . reggie well , let 's go then . ( when Mark still do not move ) what be it ? have you change you mind about talk ? reggie then what ? {as he hesitates ) you can tell I . MARK I never fly before ... reggie you fight off that guy in the morgue , you stand up to be throw in jail , you face up to Barry the blade ... I give you my word you will survive the plane z ext . airplane hangar - day the hangar be a quarter mile from the main terminal , one of a row of identical building . the word " gulf arn '' be paint in orange letter above the tall double or . ( continued ) 137 . continued : FBI agent be everywhere , but they keep they distance from Reggie and Mark , who stand scan the sky . foltrigg and trumann arrive , move to Reggie and Mark as the plane appear . it stop a hundred foot away , the door open , and the stair hit the ground . dianne appear , follow by Dr. greenway and clint . dianne run to meet Mark . MARK Mom ! ' dianne run to Mark , and they hug each other tight . : MARK Mom ! I be so sorry . I be so sorry . Reggie watch then . dianne stand up , and walk over to Reggie . they look at each other . reggie I be glad you come . dianne do not have much of a choice . reggie you do now . you can turn this eff if you want , but they have a bed for ricky in a wonderful ehild 's hospital in Arizona . dianne so we be go to live in Phoenix ? MARK only ' till ricky 's better . then we can go anywhere we want -- Canada , Connecticut , anywhere . dianne take a deep breath , and slowly a smile spread across she face . dianne they tell I we would have a real house ... reggie with a walk - in closet . : dianne and some get - start money ? ( continued ) 138 . continued : reggie that 's right . dianne and later , maybe a good job ? reggie in the bag . : dianne '' + . no more cheap trailer . no more lamp factory . no more worryin’ about bill . I could watch my boy grow up , maybe join the p.t.a . ( focus ) I 'am only twenty - seven year old ! reggie I think you be due for a break . dianne have a little faith , baby , I guess we be goin’ to Phoenix . Reggie gesture to foltrigg , who come on the tun , hold the agreement , which dianne sign . ( yell ) get the plane ready ! two agent jump to let the pilot know , and Reggie and dianne shake hand , then give each other a brief hug . then -- and everybody 's happy now -- dianne and Mark and two agent start toward the plane . about halfway there , though , Mark 's face suddenly cloud as he realize sougthing 's wrong : Reggie be not walk toward the plane th '' . he turn , start back toward she . she meet he halfway . . MARK you can not come with we , can you ? Reggie 's eye begin to water . reggie it can not , Mark . once you go into the witness program , all tie be severe . Mark standa there as he fight tear back . ( continued ) 139 . continued : MARK I be sorry about all this . you do not deserve it . reggie but if it have not happen , Mark , I never would have meet you . she fight back tear also . they both cry , and Mark run into Reggie 's arm . she kiss he on the cheek , and hold he tight . MARK I will never see you again , will I ? his lip quiver and tear run down he chin . Reggie would like to lie , to save he feeling , but she break down , grit she tooth . reggie no , Mark . they hug once more , and then Mark begin to head up the stair onto the plane . reggie I love you , Mark . I will miss you . Mark climb up the stair , and get inte the plane . methune run up behind he , and Reggie see the stair fold away , and the door close behind then . foltrigg walk up next to Reggie as the plane begin to taxi towards the end of the runway . clint join they , and ease he hand into Reggie 's . Reggie wipe the tear from she cheek . reggie I think I will become a real estate lawyer . I can not take any more of this . it hurt , clint . clint he 's quite '' kid . reggie remarkable . he think like a terrorist and cry like a child . : clint he be a child . ( continued ) 140 . continued : reggi E I know , but do not tell he , it will just upset he . they see the plane take off and head up to the cloud . Reggie turn to foltrigg . reggie the body be in the boathouse behind Jerome clifford 's house . 1214 East brookline . foltrigg you be a.good man , ma. love. , reggie it 's Reggie . foltrigg thank you , Reggie . reggie De not thank I . thank Mark . they watch the plane disappesr in the cloud . int . plane - sunset dianne deal with trumann and greenway . Mark sit next to ricky . he see the ground disappear into the distance . Reggie disappear with it . he fight back tear when suddenly ... ricky ( 0.8 . ) markey ? hark turn and see he brother , awake and look at MARK ricky ? ricky hey , markey ... get a cigarette ? fade out .