the stuntman written by lawrence B. Marcus adaptation by Richard rush from the novel by Paul brodeur final shoot script - 1 - the stuntman fade in : 1 ext . roadside diner - early morning a strip of two - lane highway run through a tall pine forest . there be a truck -stop coffee shop beside the roadway . a few 14 - wheeler be scattered across the big dusty parking lot . Morning sunlight glint off they chrome stack . it bake the asphalt and warm the mangy hide of stray dog asleep in the dirt . a helicopter hover about the treetop like a lazy hummingbird . it 's the beginning of a perfect day . a highway patrol car slowly troll among the truck and dog and park beside the slat and shingle building . two telephone linemen be scale a power pole at the forest 's edge . 2 power pole - angle on telephone linemen High on the pole , the linemen lean back against they safety strap to work , they body form a " y . " one of they suddenly turn , point at a nearby treetop . first lineman lookee there ! he grab a porcelain insulator from he belt , cock he arm and hurl it across the open stretch . it land smack in the middle of the tree . squawk ! a rattle of leave , a rustle of feather and a huge buzzard come flap out . the lineman cackle over he marksmanship . 3 close angle on buzzard - moving shot the big , frighten beady - eye bird be lumber through the sky , flap for its life and suddenly ... splat ! it crash head - on into 3a the bubble of the pass helicopter . 4 int . helicopter the ship rock as the pilot wrestle the control . there be three other in the cabin . the man beside the pilot , eli cross , be sketching in a manuscript and eat a apple . he glance up in irritation . eli hey , will you stop wiggling ?! - 2 - pilot do not yell at I ... yell at the goddamn crazy bird ! it try to kill we ! eli ( back to he manuscript ) oh yeah , that 's you story . what 's the bird get to say about it ? eli bite into he apple , grimace at the mushy mouthful he toss it out the hatch . 5 ext . forest - treetop the apple drop into the tree , bounce down from branch to branch and fall on the slant roof of the roadside diner beneath . it roll down the eave , off the edge and land on top of the park highway patrol car . 6 int . patrol car first policeman something hit the roof . second policeman so will the Chief ... if we do not grab this guy cameron . they climb out as we see a second patrol car slide up behind they . more policemen emerge from the second car . 7 ext . diner - on policemen they huddle , then move toward the diner entrance . as they pass a open window the camera hold . int . diner 8 a fry cook serve behind the long counter where men on stool eat watch the overhead tv . there be a pinball machine in action . the policeman be see entering b.g. a truck driver amble up and straddle a stool . truck driver gettin ' hot early . it 's gonna be a scorcher . the fry cook fill the driver 's empty water glass from a pitcher , then move down the counter . - 3 - 9 angle on cameron he sit a few stool away . he 's about 25 , even -feature , bone - weary . his appeal face need a shave . the cook fill he water glass . the ice cube rattle as cameron 's hand tremble . his eye be rivete on the policeman . 10 cameron' Pov two policeman take seat at a booth across from the counter ; one policeman move to a wall telephone , another stand near the cash register look at a magazine . they seem nonchalant , but be place to block all avenue of escape . 11 angle on cameron suddenly startle as someone slap he on the arm . he whirl to face the man beside he . man that 's really a beaut ... really a beaut ! the man be stare at the tatoo which show below the roll - up sleeve of cameron 's shirt , a large american Eagle with elaborate scrollwork and a patriotic slogan . the man pull up he own sleeve to show a small tatoo of a anchor . man ( cont 'd ) my wife still yell about this ... but yours -- that 's some eagle ... like a billboard . cameron ( eye on police ) yeah , that 's the grand old bird . ( a half -smile ) right now I just wish the son-of - a - bitch could fly . cameron rise and move across the diner to the pinball machine . 12 angle on pinball the player wiggle and contort , use body English to influence the ball . - 4 - heckler hey Morton , you think you ass be connect to the machine ? you wiggle , it 's gonna make the ball go where you want ? 12a cameron 's eye scan the room , pass the tv above the counter . on it , the commercial show a beautiful girl ( who we will later know as nina franklin ) bend over a bowl of dog food . her ass , too , 12b wiggle engagingly . the pinball player leave the machine . cameron , stalling for time , work the plunger while a cop stalk closer ; like the cat to the mouse hole . policeman hey , you be lucky . somebody leave a free ball . cameron uh huh . cameron shoot . the ball bounce crazily inside the machine , light and buzzer flash . another policeman approach . second policeman you get 20,000 ! you be gonna win ... cameron win what ? second policeman a free game ! cameron terrific ... he rest he hand on the machine , glance about . escape seem hopeless . cameron ( cont 'd ) ... that 's just what I need ... one more chance to lose . in a lightning - swift motion , the cop clamp he hand down over cameron 's wrist , snap the handcuff on . the trap have sprung . 13 close on cop and cameron cameron nod he head in resignation . a big uncontrollable grin break and spread over the cop 's face . - 5 - then suddenly , cameron bolt , desperately spring full speed for the back door . he fling it open . the cop be move toward he . one have almost get he gun out . policeman cameron ! halt ! I will shoot ! cameron lunge through the doorway , not realize in he frenzy the screen door still block he path . he tear through it , but get stick halfway . cameron ( panicked ) no !... God , do not shoot ! swing he manacle arm like a club against the tangle mesh , he break free and run . 14 ext . rear of diner as cameron fly down the back step , a cop station at the rear door , catch off - guard , try to stop he but be shove flat on he back . cameron weave and scramble across the yard , over fence , between the shed and the barn , roll beneath a building , out the other side . behind he , distant shout and a gunshot . 15 int . forest - moving shot on cameron - day as cameron run , he move with a skill that suggest forest be not alien to he . he crouch low , follow tiny avenue in the maze of tree trunk , scramble on all four over needle and fall cone . sweat pour down he face . his breath rasp in he throat . he break into a clear and freeze ... suddenly face to face with a man who crouch , block he path . it be one of the telephone linemen we see earlier . 16 wider angle the lineman , kneel at he tool chest , be surprised by cameron . the other lineman be halfway up the power pole . they both stare at cameron 's handcuffs . cameron edge back , he escape route block . the man on the ground grab a wrench and move forward with the same gleam in he eye we see when he scared that bird from the tree . lineman stand right there like a good old boy and do what I say . you wanna try and mess with I , you have have fair warning . I be a combat Marine in Korea . okay ? - 6 - the lineman advance on he as cameron back away . cameron Korea ? no shit , so be my old man ... ( he suddenly stamp he foot and shriek ) aaaaaaaargh ! the lineman jump in surprise . then , enraged like a startle bull , he lunge forward with the wrench . cameron use the man 's weight against he , he move that of a train fighter . a hard knee to he stomach double up the lineman . the handcuff arm slam down like a club between he shoulder blade drive he to the ground . a kick throw sideways to he head and the man be out . the other lineman who have start to descend the pole freeze and take one step back up . cameron grab the lineman 's toolbox in he handcuff grasp and dash off into the forest . 17 moving shot - on cameron he slide down a slope on a carpet of fall leave , tumble to the bottom and fall face forward into a run stream where he hold he head and drink . camera move across the terrain . there be no pursuer , the forest be silent . 18 close up - handcuff the jaw of a wire - cutter clamp down sever the chain connect the cuff around cameron 's wrist . he lift he knee from the cutter handle . his arm be now free . he wedge a chisel against one bracelet and swing a sledgehammer against it . we hear he sharp outcry . 19 angle on cameron doubled up , hold he wrist in pain . the bracelet be still intact . he button he shirt cuff over the metal band and climb the slope to the bright sunlight on the road above . 20 ext . old abandoned road - day cameron be trudging along the old road wind down through the mountainous pass . he cross a bridge . through the arch of its low stone railing , he see a black river twenty foot below rush toward the sea . then , glance back , he be suddenly alert . - 7 - 21 cameron' Pov in the far distance , almost lose in the shimmer heat wave from the road , be a tiny speck move toward he . 22 angle on cameron he clamber down the embankment behind the railing , peer out from this hide vantage . 23 angle on road the speck grow larger . the SOUND of the engine be faintly audible now . sunlight flash from metal and glass . cameron 's apprehension suddenly change to wonderment , for the vehicle be not the police as he have fear , but something else . move in the shimmer heat wave be a splendid , high , humpback World War I vintage duesenberg sedan with gleam brass headlight , roaring towards he . 24 angle on cameron he scramble up the embankment to thumb a ride . the duesenberg roar past he , fill he eye and mouth with dust . suddenly there be a screech of brake . 25 angle on car the duesenberg go into a skid and then bounce to a stop . running , cameron reach the car , pull the front door open and climb in beside the driver . 26 int . car cameron thanks . I think you do not see I . the driver , burt , be a husky , red-haire man about cameron 's age and deeply agitate . pound he fist against the steering wheel , he talk half to cameron , half to himself . burt damn it . screw it up . lose my nerve . fishing a vick 's inhaler from he pocket and shove it in he nostril . - 8 - burt ( cont 'd ) goddamn sinuse . can not even see straight . cameron look at he , puzzle . cameron you want I to drive ? burt whirl on he , enraged . burt what the hell be that suppose to mean ?! cameron ( confuse ) no offense ... think you might ... burt every one of you jerk be a goddamn hotshot expert ! thanks for the vote of confidence . if you think you can do any better , just come and try it ! he put he boot in cameron 's stomach and shove hard . 27 ext . car cameron come fly out and land on he back in the road as the duesenberg squeal forward , its open door slamm shut from the momentum . stun , the wind knock out of he , cameron rise to he elbow . before the old relic have go thirty yard , again the brake screech , swinging the car into a slide salute turn , one hundred - eighty degree and it be suddenly scream back toward cameron . 28 int . car - angle on burt driving with one hand on the door handle , he head halfway out the window watch the bridge railing and the water beyond . - 9 - 29 angle on road - car and cameron cameron , sprawle on the road , be momentarily paralyze at the sight of the duesenberg 's great brass grill bear down . his hand close over a rock and with the same illogical gesture that a soldier fling a Coke bottle at a tank , cameron hurl the rock in the direction of the car and frantically roll sideways . the big spin tire brush he as they pass . we catch a momentary glimpse of the rock smash against the gleam of the pass windshield . as he stop roll , once more face down in the dust , eye close , expect death , he become aware there be only silence . he open he eye , climb to he foot . the road be empty . the duesenberg be go . astonish , confuse -- he walk to the side of the bridge where the railing end and the car might have plunge off . there be nothing below but the rush black water . here and there bubbles swirl to the surface . they could be from a sink car or could be cause by the current . 30 angle on cameron his thought racing . be it the sun , have he imagine the whole thing ? suddenly a helicopter appear , hover , almost at eye level . sunlight flash through the spin blade like a strobe . 31 wider angle it be the same helicopter we see in the open sequence . it have swiftly descend beside the bridge just beyond the railing , catch cameron with no chance to run or hide . four men can be see inside the plastic cockpit barely a few foot away . the man beside the pilot be eli cross . he grab the radio microphone and begin speak into it . cameron whirl , scramble down a bank to a field . the helicopter drop to within a few foot of the water , hover . protected from sight , cameron run between the tall stalk , away from the road . 32 cameron - moving shot glancing back through the stalk as he run , cameron see a stake truck barrel toward the sight of the accident . in the back , three men be frantically put on black wet-suit . they look , from this distance , like little black toy tumble against each other . cameron run on . - 10 - 33 ext . bluff - overlooking seashore town a few hotel , like a cluster of old victorian gingerbread , surround a sandy cove beyond which be the sea . there be a fishing pier , boardwalk , hot dog stand , pizza parlor , all swarm with sunbathing tourist . the town 's bucolic , turn - of - the-century charm might even survive this , if not for a monstrous yellow construction crane , which jut ten storey into the sky from the center of the sandy cove . cameron appear on the bluff . 34 angle on cameron surveying the town -- expressionless , a jungle beast go to survive no matter what -- at least for a few more hour . he reach down and rip off he trouser leg at the thigh , turn they into cutoff a vacation bather might wear . he pull off he wear boot and fling they into the brush , he eye never leave the town below . there be crowd to get lose in down there . he unbutton he sleeve and look at the handcuff still encircle he wrist . stop beside a large rock , he smashes the bracelet against it . it will not open . grimace in pain , he re-button the sleeve , open he shirt and begin descend the palisade toward the town . 35 ext . boardwalk the screen be yellow and on it be the word : ' have a nice day . ' the angle widen and we realize the word be on the back of a yellow hat that jiggle as its wearer walk . it be cameron . Beyond he we see the tide of tourist in oil and ointment flirt with the sun . teenage girl at portable toilet adjust they bikinis . the boardwalk cop in white shirt , look like ice cream vendor , whom cameron deftly avoid . then , he look up at the sky , perplex : the helicopter from the bridge be overhead , circle . cameron watch it warily as he walk . 35a angle on boardwalk a big crowd have form at the railing of the pier . many of the people with cameras clicking at the sand below . cameron notice the helicopter be now share the sky with a brightly paint open cockpit biplane . it be a world war I fighter with british insignia . 35b angle on boardwalk and sky cameron work he way through the crowd . all eye now look upward at the plane . a loud voice be heard come through a electric bullhorn . - 11 - voice all right , people . quiet ! we be lose the sun ! this be a take ! you be welcome to watch , but please , no flashbulb . they will spoil the shot . cameron 's world have become more order again . it 's a film company shoot on location -- this somehow must explain the duesenberg . his eye go to the scene below . 36 angle on cove a camera rig suspend from the end of the yellow construction crane be photographing the surf where extras in german wwi uniform unload ashore . the bright little plane have start a lazy dive toward the soldier , its engine whining . from here it look as fearsome as snoopy and the Red Baron . 37 angle on the beach as the british plane pull out of the dive , there be a tremendous explosion . in the flash of smoke and flame , barge , rowboat , ammunition and people be blow sky-high . the smoke from the explode ammunition momentarily obscure the scene . 38 angle on crowd the onlooker be very impressed and pleased and then abruptly they pleasure turn to horror and disbelief . 39 angle on cove as the smoke lift , the Tom and Jerry violence have become a horrifying reality . body be scattered about . one man have be severe in half , drench in blood . chunks of meat , arm and leg litter the beach . 40 angle on crowd paralyze by the sense of catastrophe . man ( shouting ) something go wrong . then , people begin to moan and scream . - 12 - 41 close on cameron stare tensely at the carnage . by reflex , a shout escape he lip . cameron medic ! get the medic ! 41a a woman sag into a faint . a small child in the crowd be cry and clutching cameron 's leg . 42 angle on cove as the scene continue we hear a voice on the bullhorn . voice ( o.s. ) cut ! I say CUT ! that 's a print . suddenly the reality of the horror turn into a obscene , absurd farce as what appear to be the miss part of body begin wriggle out of the sand where the extras be partially bury to create the macabre effect and now the extras become whole human being before we eye once again . 43 another angle the crowd react in various way . sigh of relief , laughter , anger . the exhume extras wipe sand from they eye and shake it down they trouser leg . a.d. ( yell ) beautiful , harvey . you give everybody a heart attack . harvey , the second unit director , yell back . harvey eli will hate it . he say he want the shot in one ? now watch , he will do six hour of pick-up . the crowd disperse . a tourist turn to cameron . tourist great ... but why do they always use so much blood ? it ruin the realism , do not you think ? - 13 - cameron ( still shake , quietly mutter ) ... asshole ... the tourist stiffen as cameron turn away , he attention now draw by the beat sound of the helicopter . he glance up . 44 cameron' Pov the helicopter be descend toward the beach while the film crew rapidly move equipment from the last scene into pile to clear a landing site . 45 angle on fishing pier wary of the man in the chopper , cameron be move down the pier away from the landing site . suddenly he stop short , catch by something he see o.s. excitedly he point and begin to shout . cameron hey ! hey you ...! 46 cameron' Pov below he , walk away on the sand be one of the actor with the same red hair , the same old british army jacket as burt -- the man in the duesenberg . hear the shout , the actor stop and tentatively turn . it 's a mistake . clearly the feature be different . it 's not burt . 47 angle to include cameron cameron be puzzle . he watch as the red-haire actor look about to see who call and find no one , start off , but be stop by a little old lady hold a parasol and offer she autograph book . little old lady Mr. Bailey ! be not you Raymond Bailey , the actor ? would you please sign you autograph ? write 'to Emily ... for eternal peace . ' Raymond sign the book with the easy charm of a man who 's do it a million time . he have that special rugge good look that belong to marlboro man and movie star . - 14 - little old lady ( cont 'd ) I be certainly glad you be all right . I lose my husband and my son in the war ... the sound of the chopper blade have become deafen as it hover for a landing . the Old Lady snatch she autograph book and head for the landing site . 48 angle on helicopter as it touch the ground and its door fly open . out step the crewmen and eli cross . the assistant director rush up and shout over the hiss blade of the idling chopper . a.d . what happen on the bridge ?! eli ( deeply upset ) all the diver find in the car be the goddamn camera . a.d. ( stunne ) and burt ? eli ( anguish ) no burt ! all go ... catch in the current probably and ... they be diving downstream and search the riverbank , but ... do not say anything to the crew yet ... a.d. ( softly ) Jesus Christ . eli yeah , Jesus Christ . a.d . what do you want to do ? - 15 - eli I do not know ... call my mother and have she tell I it be not my fault ... ( desperately ) ... what the hell could have happen ? they word be lose in the sound of the rotor as the chopper slowly rise . the sudden wind from its blade blow some screen off a pile of equipment . it fall on the Little Old Lady who have be approach eli and topple she into the surf . she be trap in a tangle of ancient skirt and petticoat . before she can regain she balance , a wave tumble she further into the sea . 49 angle including cameron cameron , sit on the edge of the pier over the water , have watch this mini-disaster . the undertow from the wave have sweep the Old Lady directly beneath he . reaching down toward she , he yell : cameron hey ! hey , give I you hand ! he can not quite reach she . as a last resort , he drop off the edge into the water by she side . 50 angle on water he grab for the struggle Old Lady . cameron do not be afraid ! you be gonna be okay . like grop through seaweed , he reach past she tangle skirt , grasp she waist and lift she to keep she head above water . she be choke , gasp for air . she turn she face toward he . 51 cameron' Pov her feature be distort ; they seem to be melting away . she frees she hand and violently tear at she face , pull away the rubber mask on which be the melting putty and make up . with it go she wig and what be leave be a startlingly beautiful young girl . - 16 - cameron my God ! ( choke on water ) you be ... I know you ... that girl from tv ... the actress . Nina ... nina ( sputtering ) ... Franklin . the sun glisten on the wet , wild young perfection of she face , ingenuously sparkling laughter and for a instant it 's breathtaking - a universal boyhood fantasy to suddenly be throw this close to that kind of " movie star " beauty . it 's something cameron feel in the pit of he stomach . cameron my God !... why the hell ...? nina ( laugh and choke ) ... makeup test ... it 's for the film ... regain he composure enough to attempt flattery , but he mean it . cameron they gotta be crazy to cover that face . nina ( laugh ) I be only old at the end of the story . as they be only in a few foot of water , there be no longer any reason to hold she . he start to put she down . nina no , do not do that . rescue I ! cameron in three foot of water ? nina oh come on , please . I always want someone to rescue I from something ... grinning , he carry she toward shore . - 17 - angle on beach eli , surround by the crew and dozen of tourist , be stand at the water 's edge as cameron wade in and set Nina down . eli Nina ! you damned near scared I to death ! at the sight of eli , she become like a little girl who , have skinned she knee and run to daddy , now can allow herself to cry . nina oh hell , it 's all ruin now and I want you to see the makeup , eli . where be you ?... I even get Raymond 's autograph and he do not know ... you would have be proud ... Nina be surround by people who be rub she with towel , take picture , all shouting at once . the crowd close in , exclude cameron to the outskirt . eli ( to the a.d. ) get she into a tub , then bed ... and I want to see she in makeup and costume again before dinner . three crewmen hustle she off , as she search the crowd for cameron ... then spot he . nina hey ! thank you ! that be really gallant ... rescue a old lady ! cameron wave and start to wander off as they whisk Nina away . 53 angle on eli he move toward cameron . eli wait a second ! I want to thank you , too ! as eli trot up , cameron tense , finally face this man who see he from the helicopter . eli ( cont 'd ) - 18 - do not run away . what be that , a habit with you ? cameron yeah , I also smoke too much . eli you and burt on the bridge ... how about tell I what happen ? eli begin to stroll along the sand toward the piling which support the pier . cameron hesitates , but eli 's manner compel he to follow . cameron I do not know . he must have go crazy . he try to run I down . eli oh ?... why would he do that ? cameron ( flustered ) ... I do not ask he why ! all I know be he be comin ' at I very fast . ( quote a axiom spout by top sergeant in a thousand boot camp ) ' you want to get home for Thanksgiving , you better figure the guy comin ' at you be tryin ' to kill you '... that 's one thing I learn from the gook . eli gook ?... that have a nostalgic ring ... they have reach the pier . eli stop , he be watch something o.s. eli ( cont 'd ) you guy really use to call they gook ? I think that be just time Magazine . - 19 - cameron that be ' nam . what should I call them , wop ? nobody would know what I be talkin ' about . he turn to follow eli 's gaze . 54 cameron be Pov - police car a police car have drive onto the beach . from it , three officer have emerge . they be armed and efficient look . the production manager move to greet they . eli take cameron 's wrist and gently pull he back into the shadow of the piling , ( privately reacting to the handcuff he feel beneath the shirt ) . jake , the Chief , be irate enough to be clearly hear from this distance . jake all right , this time you have have it ! where be he ?! production manager Chief , I be glad you drop by . eli say you gotta do something about all this people on the beach . jake ( bellow ) thirty minute be what you have get to get you goddamn equipment off this beach and out of town !... you tell eli Cross if you man be on the street after four o'clock , I will throw they ass in jail ! 55 angle on eli and cameron eli squat down on he heel and lean back against a pile , smile up at cameron . eli speak of jail ... would you get upset if I ask how many cop be after you ? cameron ( suddenly grim ) what be ya talkin ' about ? - 20 - eli ( off-hand ) you i.d. bracelet ... the look on you face ... the way you run from the bridge ... ( with exaggerated delicacy ) I ...do not suppose you want to tell I what you do . cameron study eli , not know what to make of he . cameron no ... I do not . eli ( brightly , with humor ) ... could I try category ? cameron half laugh despite himself . eli ( cont 'd ) ( glance o.s. ) ever do any stunt work ? cameron what ? eli how would you like to be a stunt man ? you look like you be in pretty good shape , fast on you foot . you could do it . ( get to he foot ) besides , you be not gonna have much choice . wider angle Jake have spot they and be approach with he man and the production manager . eli put he hand on cameron 's shoulder and step out into the sunlight . eli ( softly , to cameron ) now , do not get hasty . and , remember you ass , it 's just like mine ... maybe I can save they both . - 21 - production manager ( trail after Jake ) ... but we have gotta have three day to finish this picture ... jake ( stride toward eli ) you say you would be go four day ago , before the season start . you lie , break promise ... ( he be now close enough and shouting at eli ) Cross , I have go out of my way , but this time ... a tram beep , clang and pass between they , interrupt Jake and leave he sputtering . as it depart , eli seize the moment . eli Jake , it 's be a rotten morning . you be hot and tired . let 's go in , have we a drink and find out what 's eat you . jake ( turn bett red ) do not treat I like this other moron ! you know goddamn well what 's eat I be that duesenberg on the bottom of the river with the dead man in it ! there be silence . eli stand thoughtfully kick the sand with he toe . then Jake start shouting again . jake ( cont 'd ) I mean , that be a goddamn public bridge and a public river ! you go there without permit , without any precaution and get a man kill ! eli ( gently ) Jake ... jake no more bullshit explanation . just go ... before I figure out how to hang you with a manslaughter charge ! eli - 22 - ( after a pause ; quietly ) no explanation ... do not have any . but , maybe he do ... ( stare at cameron ) go ahead , ask he , Jake . eli 's word be explode in cameron 's mind -- that illusory event on the bridge have crystallize into hard reality . cameron ( wide -ey ) ... now wait !... you be not blame I for ... eli ( wheeling on cameron ) why not , burt ?! because you be a fake ?! because you be just a goddamn daredevil with a head full of marble ?! cameron vaguely understand that eli be try to pass he off as burt and that he , somehow , may be save by go along with this madness . eli , turn to Jake , continue passionately ... eli ( cont 'd ) he grab the bread , blow the shot , screw you up ... screw I up . he 's dumb , Jake , but thank God , he be not dead yet . so do I a favor , put you handcuffs on this son-of - a - bitch and put he some place where he can not get hurt ! the Chief be daze . if this be burt , the stunt man , he be obviously alive . Jake go to cameron . jake how do you get out of the car ? eli he do not get out . we diver get he out ... and bring he back in the chopper . the Chief stare at cameron . his clothes and hair be wet . there be a small bruise on he cheek from when he fall out of the duesenberg . he look the part . Jake turn to eli with resignation . jake - 23 - Cross , when this three day be up , I be go to arm my man with shotgun and tell they it 's open season on any fruit carry a camera . he walk to the wait police car , surround by tourist snap picture . he glare at they , angry at the world . eli put he arm on cameron 's shoulder and lead he through the disperse crowd toward the hotel . eli be now easygoing and friendly . eli you do that very well . cameron I do not get a chance to say a word . I just listen . eli there be only a few actor in the world who have master that art . anyway , it be a good audition . you land the part . cameron how ? what about the crew ? they go to look at I and say , ' hi , burt ? ' eli unless you prefer , ' hi , Elizabeth . ' do not worry about my crew , they will call you anything I want them to . look , I be not be callous . burt be a fuck tragedy , but there 's nothing in the world I can do about it ... I have gotta have this location for three more day ... and you need a place to hide . they have reach the step of the HOTEL . a bus have stop in front . tourist be pile out . the police car pull up and park nearby . Jake and he man can be see surveying the crowd . a.d. ( shouting in b.g . ) eli ! the crew 's wait . we need the next setup ! eli - 24 - the hand ! Close - up of the hand ! be there in a minute ! a.d . a eli minute or a real minute ?! eli turn back to cameron as they mount the step . cameron by tomorrow the local cop will know what I look like . I can not hang around . eli ( expansively ) " burt , " stop worry ! have not you hear of " movie magic ? " ( point to the etched glass door of the hotel ) that door be " the look glass , " and inside ... be wonderland . you be gonna pose as a stunt man , who 's pose as a actor , who 's pose as a character in a movie ... who 's pose as a enemy soldier ... in that big a crowd , who 's gonna notice you ? people like to believe in thing and cop be just people . the have reach the front door . eli hold it open for cameron . eli ( with mock confidentiality ) frankly , you problem 's so simple , it 's almost beneath I . have faith , ' Alice . ' Close you eye and enjoy . in exhaustion and resignation , cameron nod and wearily close he eye . screen goe black denise' voice open you eye ... and do not touch . it 's wet . - 25 - 56 int . HOTEL basement - close on cameron' reflection his eye open . he stare at he face in the mirror , pleased at the subtle transformation . his hair have be cut short and dyed red , somehow change he whole aspect . he rub the red mark on he wrist where the bracelet have be remove . 56A wide angle part of the laundry room be be use for the film 's hairdress Department . cameron sit in a barber chair wear a plastic apron , surround by dryer , wig , etc . in b.g. , wash machine churn constantly . DENISE , the hairdresser , a attractive earthy woman of thirty - two , stand over he . he be still wary and try not to show it . cameron ( look in mirror ) ... could be worse ... could be green ... I think I like it . DENISE of course you like it ... ask anybody ... denise give great hair . get any grass ? cameron ( shaking he head ) nope . she touch he hair to test the dryness , hold she hand there for a moment longer than seem necessary . he grin at she , rise and cross to the wall mirror to get a better look . DENISE what else do not you have that I need ? she move to a basement window and gaze out . 57 Pov - beach through the window , the crew be set up a shot while eli rehearse with Nina and he red-haire male star , raymond bailey , ( who cameron earlier see on the beach ) . Bailey be dress as a World War I british aviator and Nina as a young girl of that era . denise' voice we male star be not go to like you ... - 26 - two shot - cameron and DENISE cameron ( move toward window ) why not ? DENISE you be too good look . his idea of a perfect stunt double be two - hundred pound of hamburger in a red wig ... he study the view , he attention focus on Nina . cameron what 's she like ? I have see she on tv . DENISE ( irritate by he interest in Nina ) at sell douche powder , she 's fabulous ; dog food ?... I be not sure she 's sincere . cameron what be you sore about ? DENISE I be not sore . be not that what you want to know ? ( with sarcasm ) ... or do you mean , what 's the real Nina Franklin like -- without the greasepaint and tinsel ... move to a pile of laundry heape on the floor , she poke around with the toe of she shoe . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ... you mean , what 's she like -- underneath ? snaring a crumpled garment , she kick it toward cameron , who catch it instinctively , then hold it up for inspection -- a pair of ( Nina 's ) lace panty . he grin , mildly embarrassed by the charade . - 27 - DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( move toward he ) what do that say about the girl who wear they ? shy ? delicate ? sensitive ? she reach for the panty , but instead take he hand and yank sharply , pull he off balance , fall back on the laundry pile with cameron on top of she , they face inch apart ; surprise on he , amusement on hers . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( touch he hair ) still wet ... very wet . cameron be try to remember : what be it eli say ? " Close you eye , relax and enjoy . " across the room the wash machine churn , whirl and heave . 59 ext . beach area eli and he crew be shoot a scene : a " pick - up " shot for the explosion sequence we see earlier . eli and gabe , the cameraman , be lie beside the camera . before they , the " severe " arm protrude from the sand in which its owner be bury , out of sight . eli you sure he can breathe ? ( a mumble assent from beneath the sand ) where 's Raymond ? ( Raymond kneel beside he ) remember , you just crash ... you be wander the beach behind the german line look for a place to hide when you see the explosion . you be stunne by the carnage . that bomb be drop by a guy in you squadron . okay ? Roll the film . 60 Pov thru camera through the camera , we see the ' arm ' protrude from the sand . we hear o.s. voice yell : " turn " ... " speed " ... " action . " we see the finger begin to move spasmodically . eli 's voice yell : " okay , Raymond ! " suddenly the finger on the hand start to swell , bigger and bigger ... like a rubber glove fill with air ... then bang ! bang ! bang ! the ( balloon - cover ) finger explode . - 28 - 61 angle on beach everyone have break up with laughter at the prank , include eli . gabe be patting eli 's face , Raymond squeezing he jaw affectionately as one would a pet dog 's . raymond ( cackle ) gotcha that time ! do not we ? eli ( through he laughter ) yeah , you get I another half - hour behind . eli climb to he foot as the laughter subside . cameron , now wear a uniform exactly like Raymond 's , watch from the sideline . raymond ( gently , grin ) think the chief could use a little cheer up today . eli ( turn quiet and serious ) ... so you hear the news about burt ... raymond ( nodd ) any more word ? eli ( bitterly ) afraid not ... there 's no picture ever make that 's worth it . raymond ( shaking he head ) I will never understand why this guy do it -- take the chance . - 29 - eli ( thoughtfully ) do not know . try to beat the system , I guess ... we all know that some day we be gonna die of nothing more important than wrinkle ... and that make we so scared and crazy , we will do anything . go off bridge ... fight windmills ... war ... anything . there be great sadness among they . eli break the mood lightly . eli ( cont 'd ) that 's what we film 's about -- or do not you know ? ( see cameron ) hey , burt , come over here . cameron cross to they . he and Raymond stand appraise each other , red-haire man in identical uniform . as Raymond offer he hand : raymond ( to eli ) my new cock and ball ? eli ( quickly ) not new ... it 's important not to let that get around as yet . so , for the time be , let 's make like he 's the same guy . ( add a touch of color ) but no longer know as " bad-ass burt . " ever since he ' fortunate rescue , '... we call he " lucky . " 62 ext . churchyard - angle on chuck - later that day chuck barton be a tall , rugge - look man in he mid-thirty , the stunt gaffer on eli 's film . a messenger trot up and present a receipt book . Chuck set down he stunt bag and sign it absently . messenger you film from that camera in the duesenberg 's on the way to the lab . put it on the plane with my own little hand . chuck - 30 - when do we get it back ? messenger do not know . stamped it " rush . " chuck if I stamp " rush " on my mare 's ass , she will still take eleven month to foal . call the lab and find out when ! ( quietly ) I lose a man today . I wanna see that footage and find out why . as the Messenger leave , Chuck stroll over to where cameron stand wait , circle around he , size he up . cameron be no longer wear the uniform , but now be in jeans and a work shirt . chuck done any stunt work ? cameron not really . chuck not really ? you have or you have not ? cameron ( good-naturedly ) I get out of Vietnam in one piece . let I tell you that be not a bad stunt . chuck ( skeptically ) that 's ancient history . cameron seem like yesterday . chuck ( point at church steeple ) could you jump from that tower to the that roof ? - 31 - 63 angle on cameron ( and steeple ) gauging the fifteen - foot gap between the church steeple and the roof of the nearby municipal build . he unconsciously grimace at the four-story drop between they . cameron ( be glib ) once , to save my ass , I jump out of a banana tree into a oxcart full of buffalo shit . do that count ? chuck we will see . put this on . he throw cameron some knee pad from he stunt bag and begin mark off two line on the bare earth between the gravestone in the churchyard . cameron ( puzzle by the pad ) where do they go ? chuck ( tapping he knee ) under the pants . ( point to line he have draw ) I want you to jump from here ... to there . cameron hop up to the start line , finish with the knee pad clumsily , survey the distance of not more than seven foot . cameron okie-dokie . make a casual jump , landing on the line and look at Chuck for approval . chuck very good . except you be dead !! you brain be scattered all over the goddamn pavement . you land on the edge and fall backwards four storey . where do we send the body ? - 32 - cameron ( return to the start line ) do not bury I yet . he take a run start and leap hard . while he 's still in mid - air , Chuck yell . chuck you be still dead ! you fall over the other side of the building . cameron have land three beyond the mark and look up at Chuck a bit shake . chuck ( cont 'd ) you wanna try it right , once ? you should land in a tuck - and -roll . cameron show I , sergeant . Chuck launch himself head -first . his hand touch the ground just beyond the second mark to break he fall , ease he into a shoulder roll , he somersault to he foot . cameron very fancy . he take a run start and do the same . not quite as well , but well enough . as he roll to he foot : cameron okay ? chuck better . cameron my speciality be hopscotch . Chuck turn on he enraged , overreact . - 33 - chuck and burt 's specialty be drown . you know one goddamn daredevil on this picture be enough ! what the hell be eli think , give I a smart -ass , cocky , amateur kid when I need a stunt man ! it 's a little different run across that roof when they be pump tracer bullet over you head . cameron ( eloquently plead he case ) I be run for twenty - six month with guy shoot at I ... not over my head ... at my head and I be alive . I know daredevils . I get nothing against they ... it 's just they be all dead . so ease off and give I a chance ... cameron be surprised to see that Chuck be grin . cameron ( cont 'd ) ( genuinely ) hey , be you put I on ? chuck I ? I would not know how to do that . Chuck start to walk away , then stop and look at cameron . 64 ext . rooftop municipal build - close on chuck - minute later chuck ( pain ) can you imaging eli do a World War I picture without horse ? do you know the gag I could do with four runaway horse pull a caisson ? cameron sailing into the shot . Chuck duck slightly , catch cameron on he back and flipping he into a somersault . cameron land on the sharply slant slate roof of the municipal building . Chuck stand beside he straddle the peak . the church steeple can be see in b.g. ( and we now realize time have pass and we be no longer in the graveyard of the previous sequence , but atop the building ) . - 34 - chuck ( cont 'd ) ... next time hit I higher . cameron ( climb to he foot ) what 's eli get against horse ? I love horse . chuck do not butter I up . cameron go run at Chuck and once again fly over he shoulder . sprawl on the slippery slate , he look up to see Chuck strolling down the hazardous incline like a mountain goat . cameron scramble to follow . chuck ( as he walk ) we will draw a sight line for you to follow down the roof here , while you be roll . now there 's nothing very difficult . but this be where you gotta think . you mind can not be on snatch . it 's gotta be on grab that gutter . they have reach the lower edge of the roof . cameron look down at the drop . cameron or my brain be all over the pavement again , right ? chuck ( walk away ) you know a good fall horse make more money in four minute than a bank president do in a year ? cameron picture 's not over . maybe you will still get you chance . Chuck have stop and they peer down through a skylight to where the crew be set up a shot in a room below . chuck ( sadly ) naw , all they care about be story . 64 a - 35 - they move to another edge of the roof overlook a narrow central courtyard . they gaze down at a window awning two storey below that jut from the side of the building - wing across the court . chuck ( cont 'd ) now here 's where the scuffle end . when the pipe break loose , you fall and hit that awning . then eli yell " cut " and old Raymond take you place for the close - up and the glory . that 's where the german soldier catch he and throw he in the nuthouse . they be shootin ' that scene downstairs now . cameron ( stare at awning ) that 's suppose to hold I ? probably do not hold rain . chuck it 's not a real awning , it 's a catcher . 65 ext . municipal build roof - close on cameron - day cameron 's face be beginning to sweat and the vein be bulg from the grow strain of some physical effort . chuck voice it 's no harder up here than it be on the ground ... camera pull back to reveal cameron dangle from a section of rain gutter , four storey above the ground . chuck voice ( cont 'd ) it 's the same gag ... it 's just a little scarier . and that 's what you get pay for . cameron ( alert ) yeah , how much ? chuck you be steal candy with this gag . you get six hundred buck . cameron ( almost fall ) - 36 - Jesus !... chuck ... Christ ! watch it , will ya ? ( help cameron onto roof ) what do you think a stunt man be ? he 's a professional . if the camera jam , that 's another six hundred and if eli say " try it again , " six hundred more . cameron ( exultantly ) yahooo ! six-fucking-hundred-bucks !! 66 int . municipal build - asylum set in a large vacant hall on the ground floor of the municipal building , a movie set have be erect represent the ward room in a World War I military asylum . in it , eli 's crew be filming a sequence -- a dozen enraged inmate in tatter , head shaven , wild - eye , advance toward Raymond , shriek ( as though in echo of cameron 's exultant yell ) . 67 closer angle Raymond , dress as a british Flyer , he face bloody , crouch and retreat in terror , a man catch in a nightmare , as this mutilate derelict suddenly swarm over he . one , like a mad dog , go for he throat , another wield he own artificial limb as a club . Raymond ( in character ) break free and scream . raymond ... stop !... get away !! for a instant , the inmate stop in stunne silence -- break only by a distant shout overhead . cameron' voice ( on the roof overhead ) ... six - fuck - hundred , gorgeous , beautiful dollar ! I can not believe it ! the slaver mad look up , then out at the camera , mad no longer , simply bewilder actor . eli' voice all right . hold it ! hold it ! 68 - 37 - angle on crew eli stand amidst the camera crew photograph the scene . he be wave for order . eli ... save it , everybody . a.d. ( storming in ) Jesus Christ , what the hell be that ? somebody get they ass up on that roof ... eli ( cut he off ) ... never mind . I do not like it anyway . as eli step down from the dolly , a solemn , quiet man approach he from among the onlooker . it be SAM baum ( the writer ) . SAM what 's wrong ? eli the scene 's wrong . ( yell to the a.d. ) call a break . the a.d. call " five minute " and the crew move toward the coffee urn . eli wander toward the door , Sam pursue . SAM ( fight for he scene ) eli , it play like a dream . my God , it be marat - sade . eli ( glumly ) it play like shit ! - 38 - SAM ( desperate ) well , who be that on the phone in the middle of the night when you first read it , rave about the magical madhouse scene , the upstairs may ? eli rip the page with the " madhouse scene " from he screenplay as they stride out of the building . 69 ext . municipal build there , beside the rear entrance on a pile of construction sand , sit eli , cross -legge , stare morosely at some kid who play nearby . he be absently fold a tear script page into a paper airplane . behind he , at a respectful distance , stand the production manager , a.d. , half a dozen assort crew chief and Sam baum , all look concerned . Sam look at the other , shrug and approach eli , squatting beside he on the sand pile . SAM what do you wanna do , eli ?... they be all wait . while Sam talk , eli take a fistful of sand and pour it in Sam 's shoe . suddenly notice , Sam yank he foot away . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( irritate ) be childish be not go to help you movie ... you know , there 's nothing wrong with the story . ( remove he shoe and shaking the sand out ) the real problem be since I write this thing two year ago , you have have watergate , the energy crisis , woman 's lib , the economy be down the tube ... you want to talk about burn issue ?... there 's arsenic in the glue on the back of food stamp ! that 's why you do not like the " madhouse scene . " you goddamn war story have lose its relevance . eli do not be negative , Sam . we can start a new one in time for the preview . - 39 - Sam have finish replace he shoe and eli pour a fistful of sand into Sam 's other shoe . SAM cut it out , will ya ? 70 int . HOTEL dine room - that night eli be at the head of a long table , camera pulling back to reveal a dozen member of the company dining with he . Nina sit beside eli listen with rapt attention to Sam 's monologue , she dessert fork sensuously linger at she lip . SAM two year ago you be all charge up to make a great big anti-war statement and they would not let you . now they let you , but you have not get a war . what you have get be egg on you face because Vietnam 's long go and it 's too late ! eli we picture 's not about fight war ... SAM oh ? eli ... it 's about fight windmills . the truth in eli 's statement register on Sam . cameron sit farther down the table , watch Nina watch eli... and wishing she be watch he . eli War be not the disease ... it 's only one of the symptom . SAM ( hook ) what 's the disease ? - 40 - eli that 's the big question , Sam . name the disease and you have lick the screenplay . ( indicate cameron ) ask he . ' Cause he know what the film be about . right lucky ? tell them ... how would you like Vietnam ? cameron how would you like bubonic plague ? eli you draft ? cameron no . eli see , Sam ? here 's another one who hate war ... but he enlist . ( to cameron ) you fight in Vietnam for two year ? ... I mean actually be out there kill people ... cameron ... hey , I do not kill that many people ... eli do not be modest , lucky . everybody dig a little violence ... what be that you say on the beach ? cameron be start to bristle at eli 's needle , particularly with Nina watch . cameron about what ? eli about get home for Thanksgiving ? cameron ( tentatively ) ... that you better figure the guy come at you be try to kill you ...? eli - 41 - yeah . see , Sam ?... that 's what the disease be about ... be scared shitless . inventing enemy . whistle in the dark . I wish you would talk to the kid , Sam , I mean it . you know , really , you guy should room together . SAM ( get the last word ) hey , lucky , give I you cot by the window and I will let you read a great madhouse sequence . they all laugh . SAM ( surrender ) all right , eli . I will write you another scene . what difference do it make ? the studio will cut it all out anyway and what you get leave be a lot of swell battle scene , which , when I be back there they say be " just terrific . " eli ( simply ) no , they will not . SAM yeah , what make you different ? eli ( quietly ) because they know if they cut my picture , I will kill them . the deadly in eli 's voice be more than intend and there be suddenly a awkward silence at the table . cameron eye eli with a wry smile . cameron you mean , bang ? kill them , just like that ? - 42 - eli ( matter of fact ) no. I will kill them and eat them ... I hate to waste anything . SAM ( laugh ) they call he " eli the terrible ... " eli Sam , my picture be the only kid I have get ! if the studio say you daughter , Jennifer , would look better with she finger chop off , what would you do ? SAM be a insecure writer , I would call my agent ... and get another opinion . everyone laugh . Jake , the Chief of Police , be see in the background approach the table . cameron spot he and start to rise . cameron ... if you will excuse I ... jake ( arrive ) do not go away , burt . I want you . eli ( broad welcome ) Jake ! Long time , no see . you take care of my problem with the beach ? jake I be not talk to you . ( to production manager ) I understand you get that film out of the duesenberg ... eli ( cut in ) it 's at the lab , Jake . - 43 - jake I be talk to this gentleman . ( to production manager ) we want to see it . cameron , realize the film might disclose he presence on the bridge , react with alarm , which increase as eli say ... eli tell the Chief it 's we pleasure . soon as it get back ... but ask he why . jake ( choke up with its importance ) you can tell you Mr. Cross this inquiry come from a source so high it be not he to question ... ( now at a loss for proper word ) ... it be he to do it , or else . someone they be look for may have be on that road when the car go off . ( to cameron ) burt , you see anybody ? then , suddenly notice something different about cameron 's appearance ... jake ( cont 'd ) hey , do you have red hair before ?... cameron ( indicate denise ) she spray it every day so I look like Raymond ... I do not see a soul . eli ( to the rescue ) tell the Chief that burt be so busy be brilliant , he would not have notice Jesus Christ walk on the water . Jake pull a photograph from a manila envelope and hand it to cameron . 71 insert photograph - 44 - a wire photo , front and side view of cameron , take at he military induction . War age a man ... he look young and quite different in he GI haircut . eli ( v.o. ) hey , burt ! you get it upside down . the eye go on top . 72 another angle cameron hand the photo back to the Chief , who pass it around the table . denise receive the photograph , study it and glance up at cameron , expressionless . he return she gaze . jake ( v.o. ) a couple of telephone linemen say they see he head this way . eli take the photograph . eli look like a nice clean - cut kid . jake I know about fifty guy who do not think so . eli what would he do ? jake ( to production manager , ignore eli 's question ) the minute that film get here you give I a call . cameron ( yawn and rise ) I do not know about that fifty guy , but I know one weary guy who 's gonna crawl upstairs and hit the sack . eli look at cameron with grudge admiration . gabe I know a weary guy who 's drive to cape Long to dance and booze all night ... raymond - 45 - ( camp , take gabe 's hand ) I know a weary gay who 's go with he ! they mince off ( the fag act all the more amusing because of Raymond 's strictly masculine look ) . eli shout after they . eli so long as you be back in ninety minute . it 's a work night for some of we . ( loftily ) ... that who give a shit . Raymond " gather " Nina along the way , wrapping he arm about she shoulder -- cameron watch silently . then , charge from across the dining room like a tanker steaming in they wake , come a gush , overwrought , blue-rinsed matron . matron miss Franklin ! miss Franklin ! you ' feminique spray ' commercial be on tv . my God , it 's simply heavenly ! 73 int . cameron' HOTEL room - close on dresser - night drawer be slamm open and shut as cameron hurriedly stuff he few belonging into he pocket . wider angle it 's a mean little bedroom , with Sam 's clothes , typewriter , etc. , in evidence . see Sam 's wallet , cameron pull a wad of money from it , at the same time accidentally knock Sam 's false tooth off the dresser . he hesitates , then stuff back all the bill but a twenty . he stride to Sam 's closet , pull out shirt and slack , stuff they in a cloth beach bag , also belong to Sam and start out the door . then he stop , get on he hand and knee , look for the false tooth , which he finally find . now , annoyed at himself for be a " nice guy , " he throw they carelessly on the dresser and quickly exit . - 46 - 74 ext . HOTEL - later that night as cameron move down the step , the return company station wagon pull to a stop in the driveway . Nina , Raymond and a few other emerge from the car . cameron turn away so as not to be see as they pass he on the step head for the entrance . DENISE Bet they be look for that nut who kill all that camper in Montana ... raymond ( drunk ) ... too many camper , weed them out ! ... imagine , sit a hour at a roadblock . nina we should have wait , it would not have be a hour . 74a they have enter the hotel . cameron continue to the bottom of the stair , hesitates , look back at Nina . 75 cameron' Pov silhouett through the etched glass door ( on the other side of " the look Glass " ) he see the lithe , gay , exquisitely beautiful figure of Nina -- light sparkling from the cut glass dance about she face -- a hauntingly romantic image . 76 angle on cameron he watch for a moment with hopeless long . finally , turn from she , he look about at the dark water and desert boardwalk . there come some of eli 's crew , laugh , joke , cut a swatch through the stillness , push they heavy brute toward some nearby spot to light a night shot . there 's the church tower . he stare at it , waver in he resolve to leave , wonder what would happen if ... nina's voice what next ? do you rescue the maiden from the tower ? she have come up behind he , unnotice . he turn , startle , and there she stand . - 47 - cameron ( smile ) hi. for a moment they search each other 's eye -- for intention . then she glance at the tower . nina yes . it do look pretty high . ( with concern ) be you worried about tomorrow ? cameron 's mind be racing over all the thing he would like to say so she would know he instantly . but he answer be simple and sound sincere . cameron not much . I guess if there be any real danger , eli would not let I do it , would he ? nina ( quickly , reassure ) no. I be sure it 's safe . cameron ( abruptly , with a boyish grin ) good . then you jump . nina ( laugh ) okay . she understand the slightly jealous rebuke for she blind faith in eli . her laugh answer hang like a challenge . cameron well , come on . nina ( willing , but flustered ) what , right now ? for a moment he weigh it : whether to " run " or stay . then act on he decision . start to laugh , he take she hand and pull she toward the tower . she hold back , struggle playfully . - 48 - nina ( cont 'd ) wait , I be afraid of height ! what if I freeze up ? cameron ( pull she along ) do not worry , I will give you a push . be not that what a pal 's for ? 77 int . bell tower - night it be crowded with bell , a small walkway and railing surround they . the city light be see beyond . below be the shed where crewmen be prepare the next day 's shoot . just beyond be the overwhelming silhouette of the huge crane . Nina and cameron reach the top of the stair wind and laugh , as they rush to the railing and lean over . Nina gasp , clutching cameron in genuine fright . nina ( gasp ) oh , my God ! it 's terrifying ! you can not jump from this ... you will get kill ! it 's crazy !... cameron ( laugh ) ... it 's not that bad . it look worse at night ... Chuck say it 's like robbing a candy store . nina ( get angry ) now stop that ! ... I be go back . she whirl to go . he stop she , take she by the shoulder . cameron ... what 's wrong ? her concern for he have turn to anger , like a mother slapping she child for run in the street . nina it 's just dumb ... to strut around try to talk brave ... his arm still restrain she . she take hold of it , then suddenly soften with a look of slight surprise . nina ( cont 'd ) - 49 - oh ... you be scared ... be not you ? cameron ( seriously ) not really . nina yes . you be ... you be tremble . after a moment , he answer quietly . cameron so be you ... and you be not even gonna jump . it 's true . she be tremble and so be he -- not from fear . he slowly draw she toward he , she mouth reach up to he . and then they be devour each other . abruptly , they be illuminate by a fierce blast of white light . they separate and stare , blink in shock and confusion . eli ( v.o. ) okay , hit two and three . they be pin in the crossbeam of two more giant arc . quickly she yank he down with she out of sight behind the railing . 78 ext . churchyard - eli and crew - night eli be loung in the bucket suspend from the crane . beside he gabe adjust one of the giant brute . gabe ( business as usual ) I could kill this brute and fill with junior . you would get a halo around the tower . eli ( struggle to resist ) get no time ... it 's a establish shot ... two second on the screen . ( give in ) ... you get six minute . gabe smile , scurries off . eli glance at the tower , grin , have toy with they long enough , he yell . - 50 - eli hey ! while you be up there , be useful . we be lighting . stand up and look towards the sea so you be in profile ! 79 closer angle on tower - night as Nina 's arm raise into view with the middle finger extend . nina ( v.o. ) ( holler ) Light this , eli !!! 80 ext . churchyard - beneath the tower - night the church door swing open . Nina and cameron emerge , cover they embarrassment with bravado . Nina be prattling as though to a tour guide . 81 close on cameron and nina nina ... and that bell be so interesting . imagine four hundred year ago by boat from Amsterdam . thank you for the tour . it be so informative . I be go to write my father . he 's so interested in God and thing like that . eli' voice hiya . want a lift ? eli miraculously appear from above . he descend and ride around beside they in the bucket of the crane . nina ( ducking ) oh , for Christ 's sake ... eli there once be a maiden fair , smooching a guy with red hair ... nina eli , get away with that thing ! - 51 - eli ... could it be Raymond who 's turn this dame on ? ... or he double , young lucky Pierre ? unable to elude eli in he basket , Nina turn on he in mock frustration . nina it 's get to the point where I have to look under the stopper of the bathtub when I take a shower to make sure I have get some privacy ! ( broadly gesture to group ) thank you one and all and good night ! privately , she give cameron 's arm a affectionate squeeze , then disappear around the corner of the building . he be leave hold the beach bag , pursue by the Peter Pan in the basket . it have now drop to ground level so eli be look up at cameron . eli step right in , folk ... the " killer crane " ride of the century . cameron thanks , I will walk . eli 's basket now move up a few foot so he 's look down at cameron , riding beside he while he walk . eli ah , youth . six hour in town and catch with the lead lady . not bad . should not be so upset . cameron okay to be upset about what happen in the dining room ? why would you promise to show that cop the film ? he will recognize I . eli you really do not trust I , do you ? hop in . I get a present for you . - 52 - he pull cameron into the basket beside he so unexpectedly that cameron drop Sam 's bag . eli pick it up and plop it into cameron 's lap . suddenly cameron find himself soar skyward at a stomach - churn rate -- while eli rattles on ... probing , disarming , quixotic ... eli ( cont 'd ) you constantly amaze I . you do not go to movie . what 's that tatoo , a disguise ? you a commie ? do not you know that King Kong be only three foot tall ? he come up to fay wray 's belly button . if God could only do the trick we can . what be you worried about the film and the cop for ? now , hang ten storey above the city , eli be adjust he viewer , look at a cluster of red flashing light in the distance . he hand the viewer to cameron , who look through it . 81a we see a telescope view of the police roadblock at the end of a highway with car wait to get past armed police . cameron' voice ( mutter ) what be I worried about the cop for ? eli' voice another one over there . 81b the view whip to a second police roadblock at the other entrance to town . eli' voice ( cont 'd ) it 's a pair . 81c two shot cameron ( put viewer down ) be this my present ? eli no , you present be a piece of good advice . cameron keep it . - 53 - eli ( patting Sam 's beach bag ) you have get that look again . that gleam of the sprinter about to set a record for the 50 - yard dash . be that why all that cop be chase you ? what be you , some kind of sex freak run across America with you fly open ? be that why they be after you ? cameron you be close . what 's you advice ? eli button you fly and be at the airport on Sunday at three o'clock with the rest of the crew . climb aboard we charter 707 and fly away with we to where the set sun bleed into a million swim pool a man can hide in . you do swim as well as run ? cameron ( overwhelm by the offer ) I will swim like a fish . you really mean it ? ( eli nod ) why be you try to save my ass ? eli hesitates , then answer quietly -- for he there be great meaning in it . eli ... because you be as crazy as the guy I be do the picture about . ( then grin archly , the mood break ) ... besides , I have fall madly in love with the dark side of you nature . - 54 - 82 ext . church tower - next morning - bright daylight the thunderous clang of bell ! cameron ready , coiled tight , heart pound as loud as the bell . a burst of machine gun bullet tear through the railing beside he , send splinter fly against he face . 83 camera crew harvey ( second unit director ) and camera operator behind the mitchell , look up tensely . harvey gesture , yell . harvey now ! 84 in bell tower near cameron , the second a.d. , crouch out of sight with a walkie- talkie , stab a finger at he . second a.d. go !... go! a burst of tracer bullet streak past cameron . spark fly , as stray bullet seem to bounce and ricochet off the bell . 85 machine gun a 50 - calibre machine gun , a special effect man in Levi 's and sport shirt , pump tracers past the bell tower . 86 two shot - bell tower the second a.d. slam he hand down on a plunger , set off a series of explosive squib . like machine gun bullet , they start shatter the railing , move toward cameron , force he to the edge of the tower . vault over the rail , he cling to the side of the bell tower . explosive burst disintegrate the railing in he hand . he shove out , launching himself into space . twist , hurtle across the gap between the building , fall , crash to the slate roof , crawl and scramble for a hand hold . the relentless tracer bullet chip the slate beside he . crouch low , cameron , like a animal , move across the roof to the safety of a water tower . squib burst over he head and spout of water stream from the tower . - 55 - move around the tower , suddenly there be two german soldier run at he with bayonete rifle . he wheel and there stand another german ( Chuck ) , who leap toward he , slamm down he rifle butt . the blow glance off cameron . they grapple , kick , claw , roll down the steep slope , pick up momentum . 87 rain gutter the roof 's edge rush toward they , below it a fearsome drop . cameron 's hand reach out desperately grab for the railing as Chuck , scream , hurtle off the edge , writhe as he body tumble in space toward the ground . 88 cameron sweat pour from he face , a gash on he cheek gush blood , he eye glaze , he pull himself back on the roof . 89 catcher Chuck , lie relaxed on the straw and mattress safety pad which catch he on the ground , look up , cup he hand and shout at cameron . chuck go !... go! 90 roof cameron , run for he life along the edge of the roof , the soldier shoot down at he from the roof 's peak . he reach the far end , look down . there be the awning jutting from a adjacent wall two storey below . he scramble off the roof . cling to the down spout , he start descend it . 91 special effect man look up from the ground , he yank a control rope . 92 cameron the bracket hold the down spout break loose . the spout start to fall away from the side of the building . cameron cling to it , riding its downward arc as though it be a fall tree . - 56 - 93 awning at the end of the arc , cameron throw himself free for a safe landing and smashes against the awning . instead of hold , it rip apart like paper and , in that unexpected instant , cameron 's eye widen in genuine terror as he plummet through the shred canvas toward a skylight one floor below . 94 skylight explode in a shower of glass and wood as it be strike by cameron 's body . he hurtle downward toward a blur of image . 95 angle on cot collapsing from the impact of cameron 's fall . the man and woman who be make love on the cot have be flung to the ground and roll entwine with he . cameron be daze . like a drown man , he rage to free himself from the tangle of naked limb and smother flesh . a paint face shriek in laughter -- as the door to the room he be in be throw open , revealing : 96 brothel set  int . municipal build cameron have fall into a cubicle in what appear to be a World War I german army brothel . in the high -ceiling room , there be a row of cot separate by makeshift screen . couple jump up from the cot startle . a line of partly naked german soldier wait they turn at the whore have break into shout and laughter at cameron 's unorthodox entrance . they crowd around the cubicle where cameron fall and now struggle with the couple . 97 angle on camera crew gabe at the eye piece , eli beside he , photograph the scene . eli keep roll ! ( call out to soldier ) the clothes !... do the clothes ! 98 angle on cameron the man tear he free from the couple shouting playfully . one man ( dialect ) what be you a field marshal ? - 57 - second man ( dialect ) wait you turn like the rest ! cameron 's confusion change to helpless fury as he kick and struggle against a forest of grasp hand rip he clothes away , pass he back toward the rear of the line . third man ( dialect ) where be you manners ? whore ( dialect ) this be a whorehouse , not a stable . whore have leave they cot to join in the assault , screeching in glee . as he maniacally lash out at he good - nature molester , the blood from cameron 's face smear a whore 's body . eli' voice cut ! instantly everything stop . cameron be sprawle half - naked on he knee at the end of the line . enrage , he whirl toward eli who have cause this humiliation . then the clapping begin , the cast and crew applaud he stunt . people slap he on the back admiringly . a robe be throw around he . he be help to he foot . suddenly Nina be there fling she arm about he and kissing he on the mouth . nina I be so proud of you ... I could just die ! he be pull away from she by the backslapper . now cameron be respond to this strange new sensation -- the warmth of public acclaim . he regains he poise , hope he embarrassing anger be not notice . Chuck be now beside he , reach up to the wound on cameron 's face and pull away the plastic makeup patch with fake blood inside ; the " wound " be go . he start feel cameron 's shoulder , arm and rib for possible damage . cameron ( quietly to Chuck , wince in pain ) why do not you tell I about the awning ? I could have be kill . - 58 - chuck no chance . you be in you mother 's arm from the time you hit the sugarglass skylight . that stunt man you fall on would have get you out of anything . cameron stunt man ? chuck the one with the tit and the other guy . cameron why do not you tell I ? afraid I would chicken out ? chuck eli like some thing spontaneous . make them more believable . you be okay . whaddya want ? cameron not to think I be go crazy . 99 angle on eli he be move through the crowd . eli ( yell ) where 's Raymond ? Raymond , be you watch that closely ? raymond ( appear ) what can I tell you ? I be a brave son-of - a-bitch . there be general laughter . eli , raise he arm like a referee . eli all right . we be do the coverage . camera here . eli continue toward cameron . Chuck be spraying ethyl chloride on he bare tattooe shoulder . - 59 - eli ( cont 'd ) ( to Chuck ) careful . do not blind the eagle . ( to cameron ) I owe you six hundred buck . cameron ( acknowledge the compliment ) if anything bother you , be happy to do it again . eli laugh and move off , cameron stare after he . cameron ( to Chuck ) I can not take my eye off the son- of - a-bitch . everybody do what he want they to , even I . I feel like thankin ' he ' cause I fall on my ass . chuck ( sarcasm ) ... it 's just a crush . you will get over it . 99a angle on SAM approach eli , who turn to Sam , eager , vulnerable . eli what do you think ? SAM you be a smug , insufferable son - of - a-bitch . when I read the insane asylum scene to my wife and four child , my wife cry , my oldest son shook my hand for the first time in he whole life . so , why be it , eli , that this vulgar little scene turn out to be so much ... stronger , more move ? - 60 - eli ( touch ) God know , sam. maybe ... because you get the feel that the enemy might just be some poor horny slob like you , lookin ' for the nearest whorehouse . ( put he arm around cameron ) how about that , lucky ? when that stunt man 's boob hit you in the mouth , be it just another boob ... or do it taste like kraut ? the crew laugh and so do Nina . cameron feel humiliate by eli 's patronize tone . cameron it taste lousy . but what do I know ? you try it , eli . you be the expert in bad taste . eli ( for the group ) uh-oh , sound like the soldier 's get he feeling hurt . cameron naw , naw . I just do not know about Germans . where I be we only rape gook . 100 int . HOTEL garage - close on eli as though continue previous dialogue . eli ( genially ) oh , be that why the cop be after you ? ... after all this time ? cameron ( sarcastic ) damn ! you finally guess it ! 100a wider angle revealing eli and cameron walk through the hotel garage toward a replica of the lose duesenberg which a mechanic work on . eli - 61 - ... really ? rape ? no . I think you be put I on . come on , now , no more hint . ( he think ) let 's see ... Christ , could be anything . I know a guy in this state get 20 year for have cunnilingus with he wife . ( study cameron ) no ... I guess you be not the type . more likely some hideous crime of violence ... eli be get under cameron 's skin . they stop at car . eli ( to mechanic ) have you see harvey ? mechanic I think he 's in there . mechanic nod toward a door at the rear of the garage . eli pat the fender of the duesenberg . cameron view it with a strange sense of unease . put he arm around cameron 's shoulder , eli lead he toward the back door yell to mechanic . eli you will have it ready on time ? mechanic yeah , but do not look under the hood or you will find a chevy . 100b at the door , eli can barely open it to squeeze through . 101 int . storage room a incredible number of people have wedge themselves into this tiny smoke - fill room , peer over each other 's head toward a light area at the far end . eli ( shouting ) harvey in here ? - 62 - offstage voice ( yell ) quiet . we be shoot . ( then back to business ) come on ... let I have a little more face ... a little more face ! eli squat on he haunch peer between the leg of the onlooker and tug on cameron 's sleeve to join he . 102 Pov hazily , through the restless shifting limb , male and female , like the first ray of morning sun break through to the depth of the forest , we glimpse Raymond and gabe shoot they eight millimeter epic : two people screwing in a rowboat . Raymond suddenly throw he hand up in despair . raymond ( scream ) cut! ( indignantly ) Jesus , Kenneth . great control . all right , who 's double for Kenny on the insert ? 103 angle on eli and cameron cameron and eli rise to they foot . eli can you believe this ? they spend the whole day work in a whorehouse and look how they relax ? that 's dedication . you think sex can save the world ? ( grin at cameron ) cameron that 's not my bag , eli . eli sex , or save the world ? cameron ... the world , that 's you special job . and Jesus , be we all lucky to have you around ... suddenly cameron be shove backwards by the door as someone push against it to get in . - 63 - 104 another angle it be harvey stand in the doorway with Nina . harvey ( to eli ) hey Chief , ya lookin ' for I ? Nina try to peer over the head of the crowd , push into the room . cameron step toward she without think . he want she out of there . nina what 's happen ? what 's go on ? gabe ( joke ) look who 's here ! Nina , we need you . still get you makeup on ? Nina , who by now have see what 's happen , laugh . nina that 's a dare touch , Raymond ! the rowboat . terribly symbolic . there be general laughter , but not share by cameron . he surprisingly find himself angry at Nina 's presence here and everyone 's easy familiarity toward she . she see cameron and eli through the smokey dimness and work she way toward they smile . eli put he arm about she shouting over the din . eli ( kid she ) just like the old day , huh kid ? remember the sunglass and garter belt back when we get we start ? make you nostalgic ? more laughter . Nina turn to cameron . nina hi lancelot . what 's a nice boy like you do in a place like this ? go to rescue the maiden from the boat ? eli he just ask if he could do the row . do not you , kid ? - 64 - cameron have fun with I , be not you ? it 's eli 's potty training class . show little lucky the pretty lady . make dirt on the pretty lady . watch little lucky puke . trouble with you be you think the whole world be you own personal crapper . ( cameron start to exit ) have yourself a time ... just wallow around in it , man . watch you make I feel like Mr. clean . cameron storm out in a rage . eli watch with a thoughtful smile . Sam , who have witness the outburst , turn to eli , furious : SAM ... goddamn little prudish bastard ! eli no more than you and I ... it 's the human condition . we just hide it better . SAM ... be you kid ?... if that guy in the rowboat be a Marine stick a bayonet in she instead of a cock , that uptight son-of - a- bitch would have salute . eli start laugh . SAM ( cont 'd ) Fucking fascist . what be you laugh at ? eli it 's just ... that girl in the rowboat , she look exactly like you daughter , Jennifer . SAM ( outrage ) goddamn you , eli . that 's not funny ! he grab eli by the shirt front , cock he fist . eli ( laugh and wrestle ) - 65 - get them , Sam ! sic them ! kill them , boy ! that 's my uptight killie doggie ... Sam 's anger fade to a sheepish grin , realize he 's fall into eli 's trap . where he daughter be concerned , he 's just as prudish as cameron . eli snap a affectionate headlock around Sam 's neck . SAM Son of a bitch . eli ( still laugh ) see what I mean ? Old Victoria 's still get we all by the ball . God save the queen !... only difference be , we like to make movie about it . with hardly a pause , he turn . eli ( cont 'd ) harvey , daily at six o'clock tomorrow morning . we be shoot at seven . rubbing he hand together ( the old pro take over ) , he start push he way through the crowd . eli ( cont 'd ) all right now , let 's put a little bit of class into this production ! he elbow he way to center stage . 105 int . basement screening room - next day on the fold chair face the portable screen , a dozen people be silhouett against the light from the project daily . cameron enter , pause so he eye can adjust to the dark . - 66 - 106 Pov in the dimness , Nina sit separate from eli , Sam and a few other . on the screen , a World War I british biplane in steady flight be interrupt by a couple of subliminal cut . another subliminal flash hold and replace the scene on the portable screen . it 's a " nudie " shot -- a rear view of the lady take in the rowboat the night before . voice what the hell be that ? the watcher all break up , recognize the work of Raymond and gabe . gabe hey Nina , there 's you toothpaste commercial ! raymond I love she smile ... as Nina laugh good - naturedly , the airplane be back on the portable screen . 107 angle on cameron involuntarily smile to himself and now less uptight about last night , he walk over and sit down beside she . cameron ( whisper ) how they get the film develop so fast ? without even glance at he , Nina get up and move to a chair some distance away . he be stunne , then angry . then confound . then resign to the way of woman , he go over and sit beside she . cameron what 's the matter ? nina ( turn on he ) do not let the fact that eli treat you as a equal go to you head . you be not ! cameron thanks . eli' voice - 67 - Nina , we be watch daily . nina I be sorry , eli . cameron but he can say anything and that 's okay ... nina ... that 's right ... cameron ... that 's great ... nina ... what go on in that dim little head of yours ? how dare you open you mouth to he like that ? have you the vaguest idea what he 's try to say to people with this film ?!... that man be the most dedicated , kindest ...! eli 's voice interrupt , angry , like a schoolteacher dismiss a child for talk . eli' voice Nina , you can go now . Nina , close to tear , quickly get up and hurry out of the theater , as cameron sit there numbly stare at the screen . 107a Pov on the portable screen , Raymond in helmet and goggle be in the cockpit of a airplane . he stuff a bottle of champagne into a leather fly boot , dangle the package over the side and let it go . Raymond look down and salute ( like that famous scene in " wing " ) . production manager' voice who say nothin ' change ? like to see one of we boy in a B - 52 try that . eli 's voice yell ' cut ' on the sound track . the angle on the portable screen widen and we see that the airplane sit on the ground with a electric fan blow wind in Raymond 's face . - 68 - now the scene on the portable screen change : from the ground , we see the same biplane fly low . a object drop from the cockpit ( the boot ) . then there be a burst of flame in the engine . trail smoke , the plane wobble , crash - land ( slide alarmingly close to camera ) . it ground - loop , go up on one wing and , as it crash down , we see that the pilot who we assume be Raymond , be really a dummy that be flap absurdly and fall to piece before we eye during the crash . there be groan , laughter and raspberry o.s . 107b int . screening room ( as the light go up ) harvey Jesus , eli , I be sorry . I will do a pickup . eli ( laugh ) it 's so awful , it 's beautiful . wish I could use it . SAM ( sarcastic ) that 's all we would need . 107c angle on group eli ( get morose ) we goddamn well need something , Sam . something better than we get ... SAM ( tight -lipped ) better ? how better ? eli wilder , crazier . SAM ( start to shout ) drop a dead man 's boot over he own airfield , out of chivalry ... that 's not crazy enough for you ?! eli they do it in " wing . " even the dummy be bored . production manager - 69 - ( anxiety at the break point ) ... eli , please ! you simply will not accept the fact that we be live on borrow time ... but eli and Sam be not listen . eli you can not shake you finger at them , Sam . if you have get something to say , you better slip it in while they be laugh and cry and jack off over the sex and violence . he should do something ... outrageous ! SAM ( belligerent ) like what ? eli something to catch the stink of madness behind all that good clean fun . why the hell do we pick World War I in the first place ?... the ultimate romantic insanity ! SAM ( shouting ) like what ?! eli like ... I do not know what ! what would lucky do if he be on the wing of that plane ? picture that because it would be a hell of a lot realer than that flap dummy . 108 cameron be startle . he be not aware that eli even know he be in the room . SAM be that what you be after , reality ? I think you want something outrageous ! - 70 - eli reality can be pretty outrageous . look at soldier boy there , jump off fuck building , risk he ass every day , do stuff way over he head !... what would you do in that plane , lucky , if you be about to die ? cameron ( off guard , embarrassed ) what else ? I would dance for joy ... I would probably do a jig . eli great ! that 's what we will do . SAM eli ... eli all right , not a jig ... a Charleston ... SAM a Charleston ? eli ... on the wing of the airplane ! SAM ( contempt ) ... that 's ridiculous . eli you be damn right ... SAM the Charleston be silly ... they will not believe it . eli ( excited ) I will do it so they will believe it ! SAM ( smugly ) you will get a laugh , eli . - 71 - eli only when I want they to laugh !... ( toward rear of the room ) right , lucky ? 109 ( SHOCK CUT to sky ) - close on german fighter plane - day it scream down vertically , full power , machine gun blaze , then smashes into the earth , shredd to fragment hurl in every direction . the dead german pilot be flung crumpled to the ground . the plane 's carcass explode , fill the screen with fire and black smoke through which we see a brightly color parachute descend . the figure dangle beneath it pass through the smoke and flame and tumble to the ground , roll , he parachute now ablaze . it be cameron dress in a british flyer 's uniform . 110 angle widen to show the hand -held arriflex at gabe 's eye , eli behind he , steering gabe by the back of he belt and carry the battery pack as they photograph cameron shed the harness . with the camera , they crouch and move together like a three - head , four-arm , four - legge creature . bank steeply , a british fighter roar past cameron , its wingtip almost brush the ground , machine gun rattling , drive some advance german soldier back toward the wood . the plane touch down to rescue cameron , the pilot beckone . cameron have pull off the dead german pilot 's boot and helmet . stray bullet strike about he as he sprint to the idling british plane . it be a single -seater . it start to pick up speed . he grab a strut and scramble up onto the lower wing . 111 angle on construction crane the bucket hang from the giant crane descend . smoothly eli guide gabe backward , seating he in the bucket . the bucket rise , lift gabe while he photograph the scene , as the plane with cameron on the wing become airborne . 112 angle on picket fence behind it be a crowd of spectator who jump up and down shriek . camera pan to show Nina among they , she excitement hardly more control . - 72 - 113 angle on crane bucket and british airplane the giant arm of the crane swing and rise with the plane , complete gabe 's spectacular shot . now we see a helicopter drop into frame , photograph the plane from the other side . the chopper and the vintage british plane bank together in perfect tight formation with cameron stand spread - eagle between the wing strut like a fly Christ , as they soar into the sun . 114 angle on cameron seat on the wing , he back against he fuselage , leg firmly against the strut . his white silk scarf stream into the tear wind . jam a champagne bottle into the german 's boot , he hold it up . the pilot grin approval , pop the cork on a second bottle which spout foam into the slipstream . laugh , he pass a glass to cameron and pour from above . the liquid be lose in the wind . shrugge , he swig from the bottle and hand it to cameron . cameron drink . the champagne pour down he throat and face and , hold the strut with one hand , he rise to he foot . the pilot waggle he wing , give cameron a seesaw ride to get he bottle back . cameron now seem drunk . he let go of the strut and stand lean against the wind . as the pilot toast he courage , cameron 's balance falter and he grab the strut . now , cameron pick he way through the guywire toward the end of the wing . then he bounce up and down , rock the plane . the pilot start to sing to cameron 's rhythm , " how ya gonna keep them down on the farm ... " and cameron dance the Charleston . 115 int . helicopter gabe at the eyepiece of the Mitchell , slowly tilting up and down to follow the action . gabe fan-fuck -tastic . whaddya be feed that soldier- boy ... brave pill ? through the plastic bubble , the biplane can be see in the distance go through its antic maneuver . eli it 's not what he 's eat ... it 's what 's eat he ... that make it sort of interesting . ( through intercom ) okay , drop the package . 116 - 73 - close on biplane cameron hold the boot poise , let go . then , the pilot be strike by a burst shell . as he slump over , the plane skid and slip and drop off into a spin . cameron cling for he life as the sicken momentum grow , until he foot be flung out from under he and he dangle from the wing , whipping in space . 117 wide angle suddenly it become clear how what we be see be possible -- the airplane be no longer in flight , but be dangle a few foot above the ground , suspend from the cable of the huge crane . the crewmen shove at its tail and wingtip to keep it revolve . cameron be , indeed , cling to the wing strut , he foot hold in space by the centrifugal force . but , if he hand slip , he will fall ten foot instead of to certain death . 118 angle on eli and camera crew - shoot from ground eli how be it ? gabe ( pan and tilting ) su-fuck - perlative . eli ( into walkie- talkie ) okay , now level out . 119 angle on crane operator ease some lever back . 120 Pov through lens as the spin slow down and the plane appear to level out , cameron regains he foot , perches on the wing and look forward in grow horror . 121 wider angle as the swinging arm of the crane glide the plane forward toward a stand of tree at the edge of a clear . - 74 - 122 past cameron - moving shot we see the rapidly approach tree . closer and closer , until with a horrendous crash , the plane sail between two trunk , shearing off the wingtip , the nose smash into another , hurl cameron off the wing like a crumb flicked from the table . 123 extreme close up - cameron apparently hurtle through the air , he eye widen at the impending impact . a gasp and then a sharp cry . but instead of the crash ... the angle widen and we see it be cameron reach orgasm . with extreme contentment on he face , he roll over revealing Nina , who , it be clear , have also have a lovely time . 124 wider angle - int . nina's HOTEL bedroom - night they be in bed in a pleasant large room ( the Queen Anne suite ) , untidy , with script page , wig , costume , fresh flower , the leftover of a room service dinner . Nina caress he back , notice bruise . she kiss they gently and start to giggle . he look at she quizzically . nina that 's twice for I today . now . and when I watch you do the stunt . the alarm clock on the dresser begins ringing . he sit up , puzzle . nina ( cont 'd ) I have to study my scene for tomorrow . the Old Lady at the cemetery . it 's brutal . I set the clock in case we doze off . cameron get up , move toward the dresser to turn off the clock , but instead stop at the stand hold the Old Lady wig . he run he finger through it as the clock continue to ring . cameron how come they cast you as a old lady ? nina I start out as a young girl hide this american flyer . I be austrian ... will ya turn off the clock ? subtly , we sense something be bother cameron . he ignore the still - ringing clock . - 75 - nina ( cont 'd ) anyway , he patriotism be stronger than he love and he leave I with another little patriot in my belly . during this he have take the wig and put it over he head , glance in the mirror . cameron why can not I double for both of you ? I could use the money and I do not look half bad . nina ( seriously ) honey , you will ruin it . take it off . he do . nina ( cont 'd ) the clock 's electric . it will ring forever . instead of turn off the clock , he cross to the Old Lady 's dress on a hanger . he look at the dress appraisingly . cameron eli might really go for that , the big soldier as a little old lady . disturb , Nina leave the bed , turn off the alarm clock and adjust the wig properly on its stand . nina what 's wrong ? cameron everything 's beautiful . they embrace and cling to each other . she start back for the bed , but he detour for the clock and pull out the alarm again , and again it begins ringing . nina what be you do ? - 76 - cameron we have get to consider eli . if you do not study the scene , he will be mad ... then you will get mad ... and I will get shot out of a cannon . with the alarm still ringing , he start toward the bed . nina do you fall on you head today ? cameron I want it to ring . nina why ? cameron for I , that 's why . that 's eli yell for you to work on you scene and we say , " up yours , eli , " and I like that . nina do you want to leave ? cameron I want to make love to you while eli be scream he head off . the whole idea be so incongruous that she start laugh . he get on the bed with she . the alarm continue to ring . they struggle about , giggle at the absurdity . nina I can not make love with the clock ringing . cameron betcha can . while he move over she body , she grab a pillow and hurtle it at the clock . it fall over , but keep on ringing . by now , cameron have enter Nina and she be rapidly become more involved in that , than in the clock . cameron ( to ringing clock while make love to Nina ) you tell them , eli . - 77 - close on moviola in the darkness , the machine be like a ominous hunchback , splattering shard of light against Chuck 's intensely watch face . he be highly disturb at the unseen image . chuck ( to himself ) crazy bastard ! angle widen , show a small storage room have be convert to a makeshift editing room , where Chuck sit work the moviola . slowly become aware of someone , he glance up through the spin reel and dimly see cameron lean in the doorway . chuck there be no way it could go wrong ... unless he just go ape . cameron amble over as Chuck reverse the film to see it one more time . even as he catch a glimpse of the film whirring backward , he realize he 's see burth death scene in the water . now Chuck have reach the beginning of the film and be move it forward again . 125a close up - viewer of moviola the film whir as we see through the windshield over burt 's shoulder , the car fly through the air , hit the water and sink beneath the surface . burt go through the motion of a man try to free himself . chuck the harness be okay ... the roof be hold ... it all seem fine . cameron but look at he struggle ... chuck ... badly . eli would not use a foot of it ... poor slob die for nothin' . 126 another angle sweat be run down cameron 's face . finally , with dread ... cameron that crack ... in the windshield ... chuck - 78 - what about it ? probably from the impact . no water come in . cameron 's face reflect immense relief . at least he 's not guilty of that . the flung stone be not the cause . now , abruptly , burt 's body begin to move more violently . chuck voice there ! look at that . he 's start to panic . will you , for Christ 's sake , tell I why ? as Chuck slow the film , we see burt 's head duck beneath the view of the underwater camera , leave only the steering wheel and windshield . for a instant , the current change the light and the crack glow brightly , like a spider web . burt reappear , he face now toward camera , wild with terror . the slow motion lend a bizarre elegance to he agony . abruptly , the film goe black . chuck shit . that 's where it stop . that fuckin' Henry ... get spook and take he finger off the remote button . cameron be this how the story be suppose to end , with the flyer die in the water ? chuck sure as shit end that way for burt , do not it ? 127 int . rehearsal hall - day in one of the private dine room off the lobby , table and chair be push against the wall to make room for a rehearsal now in progress . some early morning tourist have gather outside the entrance , watch . a few member of the kitchen staff peer through a inside doorway . Sam and key crewmen stand on the sideline as eli rehearse with Nina . - 79 - eli ( gesture ) the graveyard 's over here ... ( he take a few step ) ... her car 's park here . ( set down a fold chair ) ... lot of this little graveyard along the roadside ... most of the stone be unmark ... he take Nina by the hand and pull she down beside he , kneel on the floor . eli ( cont 'd ) you be tired ... you be break ... all thing which mean so much be go . what 's leave be a single memory ... that brief bright love . Nina 's listen intensely but something catch she eye . among the tourist at the doorway stand cameron , who have pause to watch , he costume sling over he shoulder . he nod to she with a small tender smile . subtly , so eli will not notice , she smile back , then renew she concentration . eli ( cont 'd ) ... you spend you month 's pension in hire the car . you just can not look for he grave any longer ... so you pick one ... any one . you kneel ... then lay the flower down . ( yell to the prop man ) what have we get for she ? property man I get rose . eli no ... something she pick herself ... wildflower or something . Sam cross over to they and kneel beside eli and Nina . - 80 - SAM ( hesitantly ) eli . a idea , maybe . instead of flower , what if she bring he the thing of they life together ... of they sexuality ... like she nightgown , she underclothes ... eli look at he thoughtfully . SAM ( cont 'd ) ' course they would be rag by now , but let I show you this ... from a paper bag , he take a SMALL bronze casting of a bear and a girl on a swing beneath a tree . he set it down . 128 insert on the bronze Sam 's hand press a lever on the side of the bronze . there be a whirring of the clockwork and a music box melody play . the girl begin to swing . the bear slide toward she . she mechanically lift she bronze dress until they meet , perform they clockwork love rite . Nina giggle . sam' voice it 's authentic . early victorian . mechanical bronze be quite a thing . 129 angle on group eli shake he head patiently , kindly . eli Sam , you will get a belly laugh . SAM what do you mean ? it will break they heart ! eli begin to beam . Sam , realize he have again fall into the trap , wince , chagrine . eli grab he in a bear hug . eli welcome to the picture , Sam ! Sam struggle to escape from the iron grip as eli dance he about in joy . 130 int . basement - hairdresser section - close on cameron' head - 81 - denise , with spray can and fingertip , be massage in red dye , as the camera pull back . cameron naw , nothin ' too unusual today ... get run over by a tank , blow up by a land mine , a house fall on I ... easy stuff , but I can use a rest . denise' voice ... and some manners . as one of the world 's great middle - weight lover , I hate to play a one - night stand . I hear you be busy , but you know the old say ... like , if you can not come , call ? cameron ( appeasingly ) I want to , but I be scared . they be so square where I hail from . twice be consider a love affair ... do not want to rush you . DENISE ... Three time be a love affair . twice be nice ... voice ( o.s. ) ( yell ) hey denise , for Christ 's sake ! we get a set call in forty minute . 131 another angle to include a makeup table against the far basement wall with three actor sit at it , wear plastic apron to shield they uniform . DENISE ( to cameron ) you just sit here ... dry ... and repent . she cross to the man at the makeup table . actor glad ya could tear yourself away . DENISE - 82 - do not panic . he 's still get that whole big emotional thing to do with the dog food lady before they even get to you . you may not work ' till midnight . actor you wait . eli will wave he wand and get it out of she in five minute . denise' voice ( trimming he hair ) you be confuse ... he get it into she in five minute . to get it out of she ... it take longer . there be general know laughter as denise cross back to cameron and see by the look on he face she have hit she target . the think of Nina and eli as lover have never occur to cameron . denise' voice ( cont 'd ) oops ... somebody do not know ... the effect be stronger than she have expect . now compassion set in . DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) hey. c'mon , Red ... I be a woman scorn ... I will say anything . cameron just sink back in the chair , slowly die . ext . graveyard - close on " mechanical bronze " 132 over the tinkling sound of the music box , the bear and maiden perform they ritual as the camera pull back revealing the gravestone decorate with the wear filmy lace undergarment of another era . they flutter in the soft wind and amber light of a summer afternoon , strangely beautiful against the mossy granite mark " unknown . " somehow this rotting woman 's underthings have the dignity of a sacred tapestry drape a altar . old lady voice ... you terrible bear ... so impatient ... tear something so beautiful ... the angle widen and we see Nina , now make up to look wrinkle and gray , tragically old , she eye moist as she kneel beside the grave . - 83 - old lady ( nina ) ( sudden deep sincerity ) why do I lie ? I could not wait either . I think both of we be bear . ( a soft nostalgic smile ) go , young maiden , you will be late for you piano lesson . a elegantly - dress caribinerri ( italian policeman ) appear . caribinerri signora...signora ... old lady ( nina ) I be almost finish . caribinerri signora . this desecration ... some flower perhaps ... would be permit . old lady ( nina ) but , we want this . caribinerri please , signora . it 's not right . the grave be unmark . old lady ( nina ) ask the driver how many grave we visit today . I could have choose five hour ago . I come here and my soul say , " oh yes . " I know that be hard to believe ... caribinerri ( shrugging ) anything be possible , signora . ( try urging she to she foot ) now , you must permit I to escort you to you car . old lady ( nina ) as soon as I be go , you will take everything away . caribinerri no ... - 84 - old lady ( nina ) ( tear stream down she face ) you will , and I can not stop you , and it 's wrong . we love each other ... where else should this go ? the unexpected sound of laughter make she turn to see a SMALL group of people who have gather beside they parked car watch . old lady ( nina ) yes , I know I be ridiculous , but you laugh without know anything . you would buy a plastic wreath for a man of such importance . she pull free of the caribinerri and , try to kneel down , stumble and fall . now , like some confuse child , she search among the garment . take a scroll from a wooden box , she shake it at they like a schoolteacher would a ruler . old lady ( nina ) President Wilson ... from the President of the United States ... for heroism . to I for shelter he ... ( smile to herself ) how silly . I ' shelter ' he to be with he . he be my beloved ... where be it ?... oh , here , do you see this ? she now hold up a fist from which dangle a swastika on a sash . old lady ( nina ) give to I by Adolf Hitler ... for we son . we son ... her voice suddenly fierce with the pain of that memory . old lady ( nina ) ... we son !!! ( then , with simple reverence ) ... a thousand year of peace ... be what he say . that would be very nice . the caribinerri , spellbound , have take a backward step , bump into a reflector , which now teeter and fall into the scene , knock off he hat , barely miss the Old Lady and crash across the grave and shatter all illusion . the caribinerri stand there - 85 - with he eye close and he fist clench , wishing he be in the grave . Nina stand in speechless horror . 133 wider angle - including crew shoot eli ( quietly ) cut ... caribinerri eli , I will kill myself . eli ... and print . it 's deadly silent as eli walk over to Nina . they stare at each other for a moment . eli ( eye brim over ) thank you , baby . they fall into each other arm like lover never do . 134 medium - cameron watching eli and nina embrace everybody be applaud , wild with joy over Nina 's great performance . tear of happiness run unabashedly down Sam 's nose . only cameron be sullen , seethe with anger and jealousy as he view they in the light of he recent information . a.d. ( through bull horn ) all right , that wrap the graveyard . do not pack it ... just stick it in the truck . come on , we be lose sun , everybody . in ten minute at the farmhouse ! cameron be stand aside , while Nina vainly look around for he . denise be unpin she wig . Chuck approach cameron . - 86 - chuck Change of plan . we be make the stunt a fire gag . when you come out of the barn , you be in flame ... wanna try it . cameron , still watch Nina and eli in the now dwindling circle of admirer , do not answer . chuck ( cont 'd ) look , do not do it if you do not wanna ... cameron what do eli say ? chuck you know eli ... " tell the soldier it 's a extra hundred buck and he will do it without the asbestos . " whaddya say ? cameron tell eli to do it . chuck hey , what the hell be wrong with you ? cameron I be tired of be somebody 's goddamn clown ! eli ( move into the shot ) hey , you do not want to do it , do not do it , but be happy ! it 's a great day ! do you see she performance ? terrific . it 's a day for humility and brotherly love ! cameron Fine , eli . let 's be brotherly . milk brother , suck from the same tit . - 87 - 135 angle - ext . farmhouse - day as it explode , cameron be blown through the wall -- on FIRE . he tumble to the ground , frantically writhes , roll , try to smother the flame , finally collapse in some wagon track fill with muddy water . cameron lift he head at the approach of a thundering SOUND ... a english caisson hurtle toward he , the driver dead and mangle over the barrel of the gun , the horse insane with terror . before cameron can move , the charge horse be on top of he . he roll between they hoof , the giant steel wheel of the caisson barely miss he . shell from a cannon barrage be burst all about . cameron stagger to he foot and scramble over a low stone wall for protection , drop to the other side and then hurtle into the air as the wall be shattered by a explode shell . 136 close on trampoline as cameron fall into the shot , landing on a hide trampoline near the stone wall , bounce up and down ' till he finally come to rest . offstage voice CUT !! 137 angle to include eli and crew eli who say that ? cameron stare over the edge of the trampoline as Henry , the assistant cameraman , uneasily face eli . henry we have a film run-out . eli ( to gabe ) how many foot be leave in that camera ? gabe ( check the Mitchell ) thirty -six foot . eli advance murderously on the assistant cameraman , building to a rage we have not see in he before . eli goddamn you ! how many time be you go to do this to I ? how dare you yell cut on my set ? - 88 - henry ( defensively ) thirty - six foot be nothing ... eli it 's twenty - two second ! in twenty - two second , I could break you spine ... I could pinch you fuck head off like a insect and smear it on the pavement ... I could put twenty - two bullet in that fat gut of yours ! the only thing I can not seem to do in twenty - two second be keep you from fuck up my film ! cameron be so intrigue that he have not realize a ember be burn through he asbestos protector , until suddenly he feel the flame and frantically begin beat it out and thus , be even deny the pleasure of savore eli 's anguish . 138 extreme close up - nina ( int . sam' and cameron' room - night ) rosy -face and dewy - eye and wear a big floppy hat . sense trouble with cameron and that she might be at fault , she have decide to do a campy , cutesy blanche dubois step off " the streetcar name desire " number , ten year too soon . nina ( southern - belle sarcasm ) ... I can not tell you how pleased I be with you conduct . when you congratulate I after my scene this afternoon , all the other glow tribute fade to nothing ... 139 wider angle - int . cameron' and sam' room Sam have stop type and sit silently , wait for the storm . cameron lie on he bed in a T-shirt and short , a elastic bandage around he knee and a ice bag at he neck , coldly watch Nina 's performance as she grandly move through the doorway into the room . - 89 - nina ( cont 'd ) ... nevertheless , I be cancelling you invitation to a intimate party give by my parent , who arrive unexpectedly to honor I on the occasion of my birthday ... but do not feel too badly . as consolation for a lovely evening miss , I be present you with the " good-sport - of - the-month " award . from behind she back , she take a apple with a tiny cocktail parasol stick in it and hold it out to cameron . cameron lie glaring at she with mount rage . nina ( cont 'd ) Mr. baum , will you notify this young savage that it 's customary to cover one 's private when accept a award ? it 's one of the common courtesy , like ... congratulate people . cameron ( coldly ) what should I congratulate you for ? the fuck scene or for fuck the director ? Nina stand there shake , look at he sadly . nina for fuck the director , honey . ( bite into apple ) do not you know that 's how little girl get into the movie ? she leave . cameron lie there seethe , then abruptly leap up and storm into the bathroom . Sam sit rub he head , resume type . cameron rage out of the bathroom , fling himself onto the bed . unwinding the elastic bandage , he spray ethyl chloride on he knee . Sam 's type stop . SAM ( quietly ) Young man , take my life in my hand , I must inform you that you be a asshole . cameron ignore Sam . - 90 - SAM ( cont 'd ) be a devout masochist , it follow that I be eli 's best friend . I know quite a lot about he and Nina . cameron you and the entire crew , buddy . SAM ( wryly ) he meet she three year ago . two lonely people rattling around New York . a brutal winter . eli 's marriage have just break up ... cameron ( interrupt in anger ) ... all she have to do be tell I ! sam' voice she could have do that in four second . they go to bed once and they be lousy as lover . but they have a problem . they like each other . they recognize some area of mutual sensitivity . I be boring you . cameron you tell I he bang she once three year ago ? sam' voice ( disgust ) I be go to see if they can put I up in the employee ' toilet . he begin to type again , then philosophically ... sam' voice ( cont 'd ) I think he ' bang ' she twice to confirm the awful truth ... be she suppose to be a virgin ? cameron yeah ... but he say this so sadly and look so miserable that Sam know he have reach he and it touch . SAM - 91 - I have a virgin once . have to go to Guatemala for it . she be blind in one eye and have a stuff alligator that say , " welcome to Miami Beach ! " cameron sit there feel dumb and full of regret . then he get up , go to Sam 's closet and begin rummage through the clothes . Sam watch he curiously . cameron so how 's the new end come ? SAM I get fourteen version . take you pick . ( worried about he clothes ) what be you do in there ? cameron ( overly casual ) ... fourteen gory way to die ? SAM thirteen . in one version he life ... turn the girl in , open a gay bar in Berlin , gain fifty pound and change he name to goer ... ( now deeply concerned ) ... please , anything but the sweater . you will stretch the hell out of the sleeve . 140 int . restaurant the pleasant seafood restaurant be on the pier over the water . cameron , now wear Sam 's sweater after all , be search about the crowded room try to find Nina and what might be she family . he be about to leave when he see a group at a window table , a man and woman in they early fifty and a fourteen - year -old girl , attractive despite the baby fat . something about the composite of all they feature be familiar enough to give they a second look . in do so , he see a half - eat birthday cake on they table , in front of a empty place . he go to the table . - 92 - cameron ( hesitantly ) I be sort of invite to a birthday party and I can not seem to find it ... and this seem to be a birthday party ... the father , a hearty , bluff , good - nature man , look at cameron amiably and with a father 's intuition . father a birthday party be a birthday party ... sit down . ( cameron do ) who be this birthday party for ... animal , vegetable or mineral ? nancy , the fourteen - year- old , giggle . nancy ... mineral . mother will you stop teasing this young man ? cameron she 's really worth find , mar 'am . she 's a very rare mineral . father ( pleased with cameron ) how old be this mineral ? cameron this morning she be act about ninety , but she might be lie a year or two . the father now really comfortable , recognize a fellow humorist . father no , you get the wrong table ... this one 's act like she 's six ... but the missus tell I birthdays be very emotional for the lady . at this moment cameron can tell from they face that they have see Nina behind he . he turn . 141 Pov - 93 - Nina have emerge from the lady ' room look miserable and be walk toward they . at the shock of see cameron , she hand fly to she mouth in such embarrassment and joy and confusion at the way she feel , that she start back to the refuge of the lady ' room . catch herself , she turn back to face he , she eye now glow with tear of happiness . 142 HOTEL corridor - close on cameron - later that night he move forward and kiss Nina . we now realize we be at she HOTEL room door . she on the inside , he on the outside , kissing through the doorway , which stand slightly ajar . with they mouth barely parting : nina I be sorry it get so late ... that damn five o'clock makeup call ... I feel as bad as you do ... cameron in the same place I do ? nina will you take a raincheck ? ( slip she room key in he pocket ) ... a permanent one ? he put he hand on the pocket and grin at she . cameron a season pass . nina ( smile ) good night . close the door . 143 int . HOTEL bar - late night on henry ( the assistant cameraman who eli scream at ) , he luggage beside he , he elbow , empty , loose change scattered before he on the bar top . henry ( look up ) lucky ...hey lucky , come over here ! - 94 - angle shift to include cameron a few stool down . he look up from he beer and cross to henry . henry ( cont 'd ) guess who tole them to take they job and stuff it ? cameron ya quittin ' ? henry fuckin ' A. gettin ' out tonight . but not without splittin ' a schlitz with the one guy , ' cept I , who would not take shit from that screwball . as the bartender be take away the empty , Henry put he finger down on a dime . henry ( cont 'd ) Change be for you , except that . that 's a very special dime . ( hold it up for cameron to see ) know what this be ? ask I ! cameron it 's a dime ... be I close ? henry it 's eli Cross ' ass . people think ' cause you be easygoin ' they can walk all over you . bull-shit ... I be blowin ' the whistle with this dime in that phone ... killin ' a man and hide it from the police ... be you kiddin ' ...? who be he think he be ? cameron pale , know that drunken Henry 's desire for revenge can expose he to the police . he grab the dime from Henry 's finger and drop it into a peanut vending machine . henry what the hell you doin ' ? cameron stuff the bag of peanut in Henry 's shirt pocket , grab he suitcase and hustle he out of the bar toward the front door . cameron - 95 - I be put you in a cab for you own good and send you to the airport . he 's mine , Henry , all mine . just leave that son-of - a - bitch to I ! they have reach the HOTEL doorway . by now , Henry be convinced cameron mean business . he stop . henry do whatever you wanna do , but I better do it with ya ! you will need help ' cause that goddamn looney be dangerous . cameron ( bluster ) not to I , he be not . I be go to the cop . you gotta earn you live in picture , but I do not give a shit . he can not hurt I . henry do not be too sure . damned psycho nearly strangle I ! do not believe I ? wanna see mark ...? ( tear open shirt collar to show bruise ) ... lucky to be alive ! cameron ( confuse ) Henry , what be you talk about ? I watch that whole thing today , he do not even touch you . - 96 - henry not today . when burt go into the water . ( cameron be wide - eye ) I could tell from up there in the chopper something ' be wrong . so , I stop shootin ' and that crazy man get I by the throat and start screamin ' to roll the film ... I mean that guy 's down there die and he 's screamin ' , " keep shoot ! keep shoot ! " then , he start fight I for the switch and it fall down ... like a crazy house up there , with he thrashin ' on the floor ... he do not care about burt . all he care about be to get that man dyin ' on film ! sickest thing I ever see ! as Henry 's last word sink in , cameron stand pale and shake . henry ( cont 'd ) I better grab that cab . Henry take the suitcase from cameron 's numb hand and push through the door , look back for a parting shot . henry ( cont 'd ) you tell them everything ... do not mince word ... as he go towards cab , some merrymakers push they way into the lobby . 144 close on cameron stare ahead , Henry 's word echo like he own death warrant . the merrymaker jostle past he , discuss suntan ointment . cameron turn and walk across the HOTEL lobby and up the stair ... he pace increase until he be take they three at a time . 145 close on door lock cameron 's hand thrust key into the hole , fling open the door to nina's bedroom and barge in . cameron ( overwrought ) Nina ... you crazy eli ... - 97 - he freeze . over he shoulder , we see Nina , naked , lie on the bed . Raymond , also naked , sit slump on the edge of the bed , utterly disconsolate . the three stare at each other , a absurd tableau . cameron whirl and leave , slamm the door behind he , almost off its hinge . 146 int . HOTEL lobby he come down the step like a madman . rage , cameron stomp across the lobby toward the glass door that will take he out of eli 's grotesque wonderland . he collide with a group of return night fishermen still in they slicker , carry they equipment , they catch wrap in newspaper . for a moment he be tangle in they tackle , fish tumbling and sliding along the marble floor . fisherman Jesus ... do not step on them . cameron stare at they , whirl and rush back across the lobby and up the stair . 147 int . nina's bedroom as cameron burst in . she stand in she robe in the center of the room , glaring at he . nina ( scream ) get out of here ! hear water run in the bathtub , he dash in , but find the bathroom empty . he move to the closet and slide the door so violently that it almost fall off : no Raymond . nina ( cont 'd ) get out !!! ( raging ) I will have you throw out ! she cross to the phone . cameron be there anybody in this whole company you have not screw ? 147a in the hallway , a little group of passing tourist turn in wonderment at the tumult through the open doorway . Nina leave the phone , cross to the door and kick it shut in the people 's face with all she strength . nina - 98 - ( furious ) you stupid , ignorant bastard ! how dare you storm in here like you win I in a raffle ?! cameron , realize for the first time that instead of be ashamed or frighten , she be livid with rage ? cameron ( coldly ) my girl give I she key ! nina I be not you girl ! I be that man 's girl ! that man and I have be lover for six month ! I have know you two day ! cameron ( ironically ) then gee , mar 'am , I sure hope you do not tell he about all that ballin ' last night . nina do not you dare be clever with I ! he come scratch at the door tonight like a beat dog , begging I to say that you be some twenty - four hour nonsense . ( against she will she start to cry ) ... and I have to tell he I think I be fall in love with ... cameron ( not give a inch ) you could n'a say that with you clothes on ?! Nina let out a incoherent roar of rage . nina goddamn you ! the wounded stud ! he be entitle to some dignity ! to lose he " pure and faithful lover " without the new boy barging in ! where do you suppose he be now ? cameron do ya look in the laundry hamper ? - 99 - nina get out ! get the hell out !! cameron cross to the door . search through this madness for some kind of logic , turn on she . cameron I do not have any rights ? I do not have the right to be piss off ...? nina you do not have the right to breathe ! I know he before I meet you ! do you understand that ?! before I meet you !! if we be frighten , we wake each other in the dark ... we sleep in each other 's arm ... cameron ( interrupt ) the word be " fuck ! " nina all right , the word be fuck ! you narrow , insensitive , stupid ...! cameron ( interrupt ) do not . do not push I . I do not know this freaky world you live in , but I know that there still must be a couple of place where people somehow believe in ... he be at a loss for word . nina believe in what ? you be blush . a place where what ? do not get embarrassed at this late date ! cameron ... a place where a guy have a right to blow he top if he find he lover screwing ... nina ( interrupt ) Raymond 's lover ! Raymond 's lover ! say it ! Raymond 's lover ! - 100 - cameron , exhaust , slide down the wall and sit on the floor . nina ( cont 'd ) I will have it type up and notarize ...! Raymond 's lover ! and you will sign where it say , agree ! he say nothing . she on the bed and he on the floor , be drain of all strength and emotion . nina ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) you will not turn I into some rotten whore because you papa once tell that a woman be a certain way " and that 's how it 's gonna be ' till Gabriel blow he horn ... " cameron ( wearily ) okay ...okay . I just want to sit a couple of second without have to say a word . because if I start try to say , " I be sorry I catch you and Raymond fuck , " I will start laugh and when I laugh too hard , I get the hiccup and they can last for day . nina ( after a long beat ; softly ) do not get hiccup . cameron ( quietly ) be not anything what it seem to be ?... nina ( quietly ) no ... - 101 - cameron ( quietly ) do not you think that 's kind of lousy ? nina ( quietly ) yes ... they sit there unable to leave each other , unable to move to each other . they just sit there . 148 int . basement screening room - morning daily be in progress . eli watch , surround by a few crew member . cameron sit in the back row with Nina 's mother , father and sister . Nina be not present . on the portable screen be a shot of Nina as a wild , radiant eighteen - year old austrian girl run pell - mell along a willow - line village STREET , dodging child and 148a bicycle . she collide with a old man , she basket fall , its content scatter ; he momentary anger vanish as he be infect with she joy of life . he help she refill the basket and she reward he with a sausage and a kiss . the old man watch she wistfully as she run away . 149 angle on parent there 's a tear of pride in Nina 's mother 's eye . Father gently put he hand on top of hers as the room light come on . eli' voice you okay back there ? father happy as clam . 150 another angle including eli mother ( brightly ) she 's so beautiful . be not it amazing how they put it all together and ... but eli be already involved in the script girl 's note . - 102 - eli ...132 through 40 next ? Sam should see this . I think I leave in a line of he dialogue . ( yell to projectionist ) go ahead . 151 angle on portable screen the room dim and the film start . we see a slate board read " 150a take 1 . " the clapper clap and the board be remove , revealing a attic . Nina sprawle on she stomach , stark naked , atop Raymond 's naked body , she breast rest on he chest , she leg apart , interlocked with he . they look directly at the camera await they cue with the calm resignation of two people wait for the wilshire bus . the makeup girl appear in the shot spraying Nina 's back and ass with glycerin sweat from a aerosol can . she disappear as eli 's voice on the sound track call , " action . " the angle tightens into a less revealing , more artistic composition . they mouth meet . they body writhe . 152 close on nina's parent they stare at the screen in open-mouthed shock and horror . they once gentle hand grip each other like iron claw , try to squeeze away the nightmare . 153 angle on cameron in shock and anger , lean forward on the edge of he chair , look from eli to the parent , not know what to do to stop this . 154 angle on nancy she sink down in she seat , she surprise become malicious pleasure at the reaction of she parent . 155 angle on eli eli ( upset ) sweet Christ ! I tell them to hold that ... script girl ( start to leave she seat ) I will stop it . - 103 - eli ( restrain she , resign ) too late now ... only make it worse . we hear the passionate murmuring from the screen as eli scrunches down in he seat . 156 angle on portable screen the lover convulse with erotic abandon as they approach orgasm . 157 angle on nina's parent like a Charles addam ' rendering of a brady tintype . they face wear the stiff freeze smile of the hopelessly insane . 158 ext . movie set - close on nina she 's now make up to look like a woman in she forty . everything about she tell we this have be brutal year , fill with pain and loss . she be reacting in anguish to something o.s. but , even though she manage a few tear , it do not quite ring true . eli step into the shot . eli ( to the crew , o.s. ) all right , save it . 159 angle to include cameron on the sideline , as he coldly watch eli put he arm around Nina and stroll she away from the crew so they be out of earshot . 160 angle on eli and nina - moving eli Nina . the shame of it ... the shame ! you have lose you son , you lover . you want to tear he throat out ... but you stand meek ... you gut burn with the shame of it . nina God , I do not know what 's wrong with I . she have look up at she parent , who stand off to one side like zomby , watch . nina ( cont 'd ) - 104 - maybe it 's they ... I feel like I be in a zoo . let I say bye- bye and get them on they way . it might help . she start to move towards she parent but eli put a restrain hand on she . eli ( upset ) honey ... you better know this ... do not get all shook up now ... Nina look at he with forebode . eli ( cont 'd ) something get screw up ... the daily ... nina what ? eli the attic scene . the bare - ass attic scene ... I be sorry ... I do not know how ... it be too late to stop it ... you parent ... 161 close on nina she have not blink , not turn she hear , for fear that she father 's eye might meet hers . she be like a statue tremble in a earthquake , about to shatter . the sick , loathesome shame that fill she , brim over and the statue 's blind eye flow tear . 162 close on eli tense , barely breathe . eli ( a urgent whisper ) ... Roll film . he ease back out of view . the angle slowly tightens . - 105 - 163 close on nina as she fall apart before we eye , and a o.s. voice on a playback tape insinuate into we consciousness , echoing as though hear through many loudspeaker . voice I envy you the pride you must feel today . a young hero have fall gloriously on the field of battle . hand reach in and drape a sash around Nina 's throat . from it dangle a swastika . for Nina , there be still no voice , no camera , only the obliterate shame for that image of she naked body burn into she father 's memory . and yet , that shame be so similar to the shame she should be feel as the woman in eli 's film at this mockery of she son 's death . voice ( cont 'd ) a nation have lose a son ! a mother have lose a son ! the sound have now grow to a proportion reminiscent of that german newsreel of Hitler victory rally . voice ( cont 'd ) this sacrifice in blood bring closer man 's noblest dream ... a thousand year of peace ! the thunderous SOUND of ten thousand voice shouting : " sieg Heil ! sieg Heil ! " have shattered Nina 's isolation . she be now aware that she personal despair have be use to accomplish a act trick , and it only add to she degradation and sense of shame , ironically make she performance even more poignant . the crowd on the playback roar with fanatic zeal . 164 ext . hall - close on cameron - later stride rapidly down the hall , look like a man who hope to find a fight , to dissipate he residual anger . he round a corner , almost collide with eli , who come rapidly from a intersect corridor . eli put he arm around cameron 's shoulder , hurry he along even faster . eli giddyap , soldier . last one there 's on medicare . cameron shrug he arm off in annoyance as they round the corner and hurry down some stair . - 106 - cameron where be we rush to ? I be asleep ... eli trouble stay awake , huh ? they reach the bottom of the step and move swiftly down another corridor , as eli fish through he pocket and come up with a piece of chewing gum . eli ( cont 'd ) stick of gum ? make you hum ! ( ignore , he chew it himself ) do you read ? cameron short word . eli find a booklet he have be look for and hand it to cameron . eli schickel and bergenstadt ... couple of dutch comedy writer . see , it 's get picture . but do not skim . Chuck 's gonna quiz you . if you pass , you get a free trip to Amsterdam and you can stick you finger in a dike . cameron ( look at the book as he walk ) what the hell be this ? eli a pamphlet on how to get out of a sink car . you know , they get this problem in Holland ... that canal . so this guy be expert . cameron do burt read this ? eli off hand , I would say no , would not you ? cameron ( hand it back to he ) - 107 - no chance . eli there you go rejecting I again . eli push open the double door and they find themselves stand in the makeshift screening room . eli ( cont 'd ) you have gotta think positive , burt. 165 int . screening room Jake be there with several other men . but before cameron can even register who they be , eli be say ... eli I be sorry , gentleman , but I have get exactly two minute of borrow time . I be in the middle of a scene . ( to projectionist ) get it start . immediately the light snap off and the film be project on the screen . in the dark , the man in the room fumble they way to seat . on the projection screen we see a helicopter shot of the duesenberg approaching the bridge . cameron be suddenly alert like a jungle beast who 's just hear the trap slam shut behind he . his eye dart around at the official - look face stare at the o.s. film . one face look disturbingly familiar , but in the dark he can not place it . jake ( address a man next to he ) this fellow here be the stunt man drive that car . ( to cameron ) Thompson be from the FBI . they want you here in case they have any question . on the projection screen , we see the duesenberg go off the edge of the bridge , disappear in the water . thompson I do not see anybody else on the road ... do you , burt ? cameron no . - 108 - the man cameron could not recognize speak out . other man my buddy and I see that son-of - a - bitch break out of the wood and head that way , down the road . the light go on and cameron look at the speaker , recognize he as one of the telephone linemen . apparently , the lineman do not recognize cameron in he new identity . lineman ... I have a clear view . I be on top of the pole . thompson do you mind if we see that again ? eli help yourself , the room be yours . but I have get thirty people on the set be pay for do nothing . ( move toward the door and call ) come on burt , you have get some read to do . cameron follow eli as the light go out and the film begin again . jake hey burt , glad you be still alive , consider who you be work for . 166 int . hall cameron move swiftly down the corridor behind eli , who start up the stair , still blithely chew he gum . eli something wrong ? why be you lag ? cameron I be try to figure it out . that film . where be I ? eli how tall be King Kong ? cameron three-foot-six . - 109 - eli good boy . I get all kind of version . wanna go back and see some ? cameron understand the imply threat and eli , know he have make he point , continue good - humoredly . eli ( cont 'd ) I have even get a version where you fly the helicopter and I be drive the duesenberg . it 's a dilly . 166a they have now charge out of the building and be racing across the grounds toward the set . cameron what about the version where I go over the bridge and die in the water ? eli ( chew gum ) hey , kid , what be this with you ? that red dye must be eat through you scalp and affect you brain . why would I want to hurt you ? cameron because you do not like my tatoo . eli I think it 's beautiful . it 's heroic ! I think it 's a major work that may rank with the edsel grill ! now goddamnit , I gotta go back and do my picture ! will you take this thing and read ?! he hold the booklet out to he and it be very hard for cameron to reach out and take it . out of the corner of he eye , he see the FBI men leave the building , head off in another direction . he stare at the booklet . cameron ( softly ) I know a guy ... who step on a bounce Betty booby trap . stepping on it be not he problem ... they explode when you step off . so all - 110 - he could do be just stand there . it be get light . if we do not get out , we would of be shot up . so we leave ... eli have be watch he thoughtfully . cameron ( cont 'd ) ... he have this screwy West Texas accent , I remember , " hey fella ... hey fella ... " eli blow a bubble with he gum that pop on cue as though it be the explosion of the bounce Betty . grinning , he stick the booklet in cameron 's shirt pocket , turn and walk off . 167 angle on eli - moving shot Sam catch up and walk beside he toward the set . SAM why do not you let the kid go before he get hurt ? eli Chuck keep a eye on he . SAM he 's dangerous to have around . stop play game , eli . tell Jake you have replace he . what be you so hook on ? eli he help I understand the kid in we story . SAM bullshit . - 111 - eli he 's like one of that land mine leave over from a war , that go off from time to time . you read about it in the paper two or three year later ... some kid in a bell tower shoot a dozen student for no reason at all ... he mother say he be always such a good boy ... I guess I would like to know what he really do . as they reach the set , gabe , the cameraman , charge up . gabe do you bring the tampax ? Raymond 's still act like he 's get the " curse . " eli ( with black humor ) you suppose Raymond know how to drive a duesenberg ? 168 int . nina's bedroom scatter about the room be suitcase , a wardrobe trunk , the almost complete pack for tomorrow 's departure . Nina lie in bed stare into nothing , cameron beside she . each be talk aloud to himself , adrift in he private world , unaware they have lose contact with the other . the room be semi-dark , except for the nightstand light on cameron 's side , by which he study the booklet eli give he . nina ... it be so unnecessary ... for Christ 's sake , I be no shrink violet ... I have have my ass pinch black and blue by account exec for not show enough enthusiasm for vitalis . but this from eli ... it be so pointless ... sadistic ... cameron ( read ) ... " open all window slowly to keep pressure from cave in the roof , should a unexpected skid achieve aquatic consequence ... " that 's kind of witty . nina - 112 - ( still in she own world ) ... could have handle it later on . it do not look so raunchy after it 's cut ... maybe I would of get they stone ... something ... but for eli to trap they like that ... cameron ( eye on the book ) beautiful ... there 's a second school of think that say the first school be all wet . it say , " keep the window roll up tight and wait for the air bubble . " nina say it be a accident ... benefit of the doubt . but then to use I that way ... like a gadget ... why would eli do that ? he 's not a cruel man ... cameron ( not look up ) he 's not a cruel man . he 's a crazy man . a maniac . nina what ? cameron ( read ) " the water pressure at two hundred foot can crush a man into the size of a egg . " he want to get that on film .... so he 's gonna kill I . nina ( jump out of bed ) what in God 's name be you babbling about ?! cameron it 's a rotten shame about you folk and you naked ass , but die always scared I a little , okay ? nina - 113 - ... and you be beginning to scare I . you be talk like a wild man !... cameron do you know that eli almost strangle a man because he stop the camera when burt get kill ?! nina what be go on in that head of yours ?! you take the word of some ...malcontent ... technician ! cameron ... I see the bruise ! nina ... and I see eli that night when he have to tell burt 's brother on the phone ... I see the tear . cameron she see the tear ! do you ask he what he be cry about ?! ' Cause you can bet you sweet tit , it be not over burt . he be cry over lose he fuck shot ! to keep from explode , Nina open she luggage and furiously start repack . nina do not they give i.q. test in the army ? what do you get ... minus twelve ? have not you figure out yet why he 's work himself to death ? what he film be all about ? he 's try to tell people not to kill each other ! cameron and you know what ? you want the shock of you life ...? I understand what the son-of - a-bitch be say , and he may be right ... which make I what ? minus twelve , the dumb schmuck with a gun . that do not change the fact that he 's crazy . if he have he way , there would not be a soldier leave alive by morning . but - 114 - all he 's get on hand be I . I do not know if he be do it consciously , but it 's a hell of a idea . if he can really get it on film , a genuine dumb fuck grunt cash in , before you very eye , I mean the real mccoy ... that 's gotta help he picture ... then he 's kill two bird with one stone . it 's get a nice logic . trouble be , both bird be I . against she instinct , Nina be emotionally affect by what cameron say . nina stop it ... sweetheart ... I would die if anything happen to you . the telephone ring . her head whip to look at it . it continue ringing , but she do not move . nina it 's my father ... I will not talk to he ... you be all drive I crazy ... I will not talk to he .! cameron calmly pick up the phone . cameron hi...hello ? nina ( whisper ) tell they I be not here . tell they anything . tell they I be work . cameron ( glance at Nina ) okay , Chuck . I will meet you in a hour . ( he hang up ) for I . amazing how they keep secret around here . he walk over to the still - stricken Nina and tenderly embrace she . she lean against he , the tremble subside . cameron what if I tell you I be not go to do the stunt ? - 115 - nina I would say fine . cameron and what if I tell you I be gonna get out of here tonight ... and that I want you to come with I ? nina ( upset and confuse ) but there 's just one more day of shoot ... cameron what if I can not wait ? nina I ... I have two more scene ... cameron that 's a shame . nina ... I could meet you ... when he do not answer , Nina resort to she last defense , irrational anger . nina ( cont 'd ) ... look , do not do the stunt ! if you believe eli 's a killer , call the police ... why be you do this to I ? that 's all I need right now , with all I have be through !... for you to give I now - or- never ultimatum and tell I my director be insane !... by now she be stalking about the room throw thing from one suitcase to another as cameron silently watch she . - 116 - 169 int . garage - late night - low angle on the black duesenberg which stand alone like moby Dick await its victim . Chuck and cameron appear from behind the car , stalking it like it be the Sunday special on a use car lot , Chuck the " hearty " salesman , cameron the reluctant customer . chuck look at this mother ... I will bet this guy could build a Arabian out of a jackass . cameron why not ? you build a stunt man out of one . chuck stunt man ? Three day and you have already grow that big brass ball ? jump up and down and let I hear them clang , and then do I a favor and leave them home for this gag . ( yank open the door ) there 's just enough room in that duesenberg for a normal guy ... who think ! ( cameron slide in ) show I how long you can hold you breath . cameron inhale deeply and Chuck click he stopwatch . - 117 - chuck now , look around . whaddya see ?... no roll bar in the roof . that 's because the roof cave in really look gassy on film . you get you protection in the back of the seat ... steel sheet . if the roof go too far , you get you goddamn head down quick ! you listen to I ?!... nod you head . ( slapping cameron on back ) you get good lung . ( buckle cameron 's seatbelt ) you get no shoulder harness because it would show on camera . so when you hit the water , you brace yourself against the steering wheel . it 's reinforce . you could not break it loose with dynamite ... you gettin ' light - head yet ? cameron shake he head , " no . " chuck keep you hand off the door ... you be leave through the window . you lower they slowly as you sink to equalize the pressure . what be you waitin ' for ? I be not gonna be down there hold you hand . ( cameron lowering window ) slower . when you hit bottom , the window be open and you be gonna make like a minnow . but first , a little fresh air would not hurt . you reach down under the seat and , what do you know , a respirator ... make like you be reach for it . there will be one there tomorrow . cameron reach for the non-existent respirator . chuck ( cont 'd ) no , keep you face forward , the camera be behind you and it 's still run . - 118 - by this time , cameron 's breath be give out and he 's struggle to hold it . chuck ( cont 'd ) you feel like you lung be gonna burst ? good . that 's the way you be suppose to act like you feel . the moment that water get above you nose , you gotta look like you be drown . remember ? burt be not so good at that . that knock the wind out of cameron . cameron he sure as hell convinced I . Chuck click he stopwatch and scowl . chuck ( defensively ) thing happen crossin ' the street ! if something ' go cockey ... screw the scene ! get that mask on . there 's enough oxygen to get you to China . ( roll up the window ) we will try it again . cameron ( still panting ) let I catch my breath . chuck what you will catch be a lungful of water ! you be at the bottom of the river !... you breathe when I goddamn tell you to breathe ! cameron ( the pupil trick the teacher ) hey , Chuck , you blind ?... can not you see I have get my respirator on ? chuck you just goddamn remember you do not have gill !! 169a Chuck have stalk over to the workbench and angrily pick up the phone , which have be ringing incessantly over the last few line . - 119 - chuck ( shouting ) what ?!! ( listen , then yell to cameron ) eli 's at the police station ! cameron that 's the best news I have hear . let 's hope it 's a felony . chuck he need gabe . they be lookin ' for a driver so I be gonna take he . come on with I . cameron for what ? chuck ( climb into the company car ) you and I be gonna talk about window and oxygen and seat belt and thing like that . and if you be a good boy and listen and do not be a smart ass , maybe I will let you sit in the back seat with Nina Franklin . cameron Nina ? Chuck , already in the car , be grin . now he 's even for the " respirator " bit . chuck you might even get to hold hand . 170 ext . police station - moving shot on cameron the police station come into view , see through the window of the company car , which slow as it move toward the curb . eli , sit on the front stoop , lean wearily against the stone lion . as he see the car approach , he move toward it quickly , open the door almost before it stop . - 120 - eli ( beckone ) gabe , Nina ... eli pull gabe and Nina toward the police station , yell back to cameron and Chuck . eli ( cont 'd ) you two better wait here . cameron watch they , confuse , as they start up the step toward the station house . 171 another angle - eli , nina , gabe - moving shot nina I hate this , damn it ! could not you have do it without I ? eli let 's say you owe it to he . until two or three day ago , I have a pretty good actor on my hand . next time you take out the clipper , be a little humane , make sure the guy 's get one to spare . nina ( furious ) what do you want I to do ? take he in the back room and unzip he fly every time he fluff a line ? what else can I do for you film ? eli just get you greedy little ass inside and make sure you give the performance of you life . ( icily ) this next number , I dedicate to you ... dear . - 121 - 172 int . police station as the three enter . the station be old with a high sergeant 's desk and wooden bench against the wall . Raymond , beyond tear , destroy , sit among the other refuse of the night : derelict , stone kid , etc . on one bench be a sailor , with that adenoidal look that betray the weakness he try to hide with he " butch " arrogance . Jake , in the doorway of he office , savor the fact that he have finally nail eli Cross . eli capture the setup in a glance ... then , instant theater . he stride across the police station to Raymond , take he head in he hand and kiss he smack on the mouth . eli ( vehemently ) who 's better , booby ... he or I ? gabe have come up behind a patrolman , grab he by the hip and start humping like a dog in heat . the policeman shriek in dismay and try to escape , but gabe trot along as if they be lock . eli ( shouting ) Jake ! throw some water on he , quick ! only way to get them apart ! gabe be now distract by the sight of the sailor , who be agape with grow disbelief . gabe ogle he . gabe yummy ... look at the seafood ! you be a humpy little number . ( then to Raymond , stamp he foot ) you nasty boy . you could have die of mercury poisoning . the sailor leap to he foot in horror , scream . sailor Jesus Christ , they be all faggot ! 173 angle on sergeant's desk eli have storm to the counter and slam he fist down on it furiously , confront Jake . - 122 - eli ( shouting ) I be register a complaint ! thirty - two member of my company get V.D. from you local virgin . the chamber of commerce do not say anything about that in they brochure . jake you can stop clowning , eli , I have get a swear complaint from this sailor ... ( jabbing he finer in Raymond 's o.s. direction ) ... you man over there touch he genitals . 174 angle on raymond and nina she be snuggle against he tenderly , she open mouth kissing he neck and cheek . Raymond , although aware of he desperate situation , be too sick with self - loathing to respond . 175 angle on eli and jake eli oh , Jake ! come on ! you would not know you anal invert from a hole in the ground . Raymond make bad joke , but they be not illegal . Christ , you have see we all on the set ... clowning around . 176 ext . police station cameron stand , peer in through the big front window , feel once again betrayed . it 's like watch tv with the sound shut off . from here , Nina and Raymond be very convincing . Chuck lean against a lamppost , smoking a cigarette , as the charade go on . - 123 - 177 int . police station eli now go full blast . eli my company 's be pour sixty thousand dollar a week into this place , for which you mayor and governor seem very grateful ! we pay enough in tax and fee alone to buy you parking meter from here to the boardwalk ! sailor ( feel it 's all go wrong ) everything I say in that statement be the flat - ass truth ! eli pay no attention , know that he 's get Jake . he gesture toward Nina embrace Raymond . eli Jake , I get a very horny lead lady who 's get a early call and would like to spend some time with she boyfriend before she make " night-night . " now , can I please get them outta here before they really do something illegal ... and in front of witness ! 178 int . HOTEL corridor - on elevator door - night it 's three o'clock in the morning . the corridor be empty as the elevator door swing open and Nina and eli step out and move down the hallway , function on they last ounce of nervous energy . eli sorry I have to put you through that . I know it be humiliate . nina ... it be awful ... I hate it . but you do save that man 's life . - 124 - eli yeah , that be really nice of I . I be a nice person . I just wish I have the strength to go to he room and break he spine . on the last day of filming the queen decide to come out of the closet ! would not that have make a lovely headline ? you understand , of course , that the film would have be destroy . do that to I ... nina eli , what 's wrong ? eli nothing serious . just a little self - indulgence . feel -sorry - for - eli-time . eli , on the edge of nervous exhaustion , be actually close to tear . eli ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , but you know ... it 's too goddamn much . why 's everybody on my back ? when 's somebody gonna say , " there , there eli ? " I be really surround by friend , ally and you ... " what else can I do for you film , eli ? " nina ( wounded ) that 's not fair . they have reach a turn in the corridor where each would go he separate way . they stop . eli what 's not fair ... get my feeling " hurt ? " when do I lose you to that soldier boy , Nina ? that nice , wholesome , swell - look kid ... want by every cop , the FBI and God know who else , for God know what crime . Nina be paralyze with shock . - 125 - eli ( cont 'd ) come on , Nina , that blue eye have bedazzle we little girl . for Christ 's sake , he reek of blood . nina you sound as crazy as ... ( she stop ) eli ( wryly ) as who ? nina he think you be try to ... ( she can not say ' kill ' ) ... harm he . eli any number of people be try to harm he ... he walk off down the corridor . 179 int . HOTEL basement - later that night partly crate prop and costume , luggage belong to the depart film crew be pile against the wall and on shelf . in the cavernous half - light room , cameron , once again the coiled , stealthy animal , move through the shadow among the rack of suitcase , pull they aside , search . discover one , he set it on the floor . it 's lock . with a metal bar , he break the lock and eagerly rifle the content . then , sense a presence , he turn . there stand Nina at the base of the step watch he . with only a glance to she , he go on with he search . cameron how would you know I be down here ? nina the desk clerk ... he find a wallet , open it , get to he foot triumphantly . cameron how about that for luck ? burt 's from Idaho ... no picture on the driver 's license . cameron stuff the wallet in he pocket , move along the row of suitcase . he pull out a duffel bag , unzip it , shaking the - 126 - content on the floor . now with the open bag on he arm , he go along the row of costume and prop like a man in the supermarket , stuff in thing he will need : a pair of hike boot , a couple of work shirt , a heavy jacket . pass a shelf of bayonet , he pick one out and throw it in the bag . nina ( quietly ) who be you ? cameron ( ignore the seriousness ) name it ... above the bayonet be army helmet . he try one on . cameron ( cont 'd ) hey , how 's this ? a World War one , uh ... what do they call them ?... dogface ... something ' ... doughboy . ( fling a nurse uniform at she ) wanna be the nurse ? 179a from some hospital prop , he grab a wheelchair and shove it toward she . cameron ( cont 'd ) ... you tell I this would not work ? a pretty nurse push a vet in a wheelchair ? when we hit that roadblock , we would have them cry like baby . nina ( quietly ) who the hell be you ? cameron somebody try to stay alive ... anybody -- that can get past the dog and the quicksand ... ( make a shrewd guess ) who do eli say I be ? nina I be ask you , God damn ... she have fiercely grab he naked shoulder . - 127 - cameron easy with that tatoo ... it mighta lose I eli , but it win I Lt. Emily Schmidt , the great boob in Southeast Asia ... and a very patriotic chick . so I get this tattoo , for 28 buck . and when she see this shoulder , let I tell ya , holy Jesus ! follow which I get the clap from the Lt. and hepatitis from the tattoo needle . you know what bother I ? I think Emily be gonna be very offended by eli 's picture . Nina can not endure another moment of this charade . nina why do they want you ? what do you do ? cameron eli would tell you ... I be a soldier . I do the same as everybody , just one of the boy ... emptied my m - 16 at any sound ... do not know whether I kill gook or cherries ... the new kid from the States , we call them cherries , which they be for maybe fifteen minute . the dry season be when it really break loose . you get very tired . it 's like fall asleep at the wheel . you close you eye and it still go on . you be killin ' they , they be killin ' you . could not tell ya now what be real except I be here . we sense in he the fatigue he be describe , then , push aside that memory . - 128 - cameron ( cont 'd ) hey , once when thing be rough and the grass run out , I shot the hell out of a water buffalo . ( he consider , then pass judgment on himself ) actually , I be not a bad soldier ... better than most . get lotsa pretty ribbon . funny ... sort of like when I do that first stunt and everybody start clap ... nothing like a slap on the back to ruin a man , blow he sense of proportion . so , I get home ... and , uh ... I guess I expect something . nothing fancy , but ... something , you know ... a free car wash , double blue chip stamp , extra time on the parking meter ... I do not know ... instead , people ... uh , do not seem too pleased . ( try to hide a lot of pain ) in fact , they act like I be gonna start kill baby ... she cross to he , deeply move . cameron ( cont 'd ) shit . I be suppose to get marry , run a ice cream parlor . ( pick up he suitcase ) I gotta go . 179b although they be stand only a couple of foot apart , he lift he hand tentatively , as if to wave goodbye . nina ... what about the roadblock ? cameron I will go through the wood . nina do not you suppose there will be cop in the wood . - 129 - cameron I suppose there be cop in the woodwork ! but what the hell ... it 's a nice night . ( he start to go ) Lovers face farewell have a gift for suspending time , and Nina speak out , unable to let he leave . nina I have always like the wood at night . they be very romantic ... you can hunt for truffle . it might be such fun , we would just keep go . cameron can not afford to fall for she softness . cameron you say " we . " what about you two scene ? nina that 's true ... one of they be three page of I make a tunafish salad for a american flyer in 1917 ... and I have get to weigh that against lose the man I love . it 's a big decision . cameron Nina , you be make I crazy . nina I be sorry . I be a little crazy myself . I can not let you go and I do not even know who you be . ( suddenly the dam burst and all self - control be go ) why be they chase you ?! what have you do ? what happen to I in the wood ? will I need a bayonet too ? 179c he stand there , stare at she , he face suddenly savage . after everything , the lady be afraid of he . he pick up the duffel bag and move for the door , then turn on she , punish she with he word . - 130 - cameron the charge be attempt murder . I bashed this cop 's head in . it take the jury about two fuck minute . it could of be worse . it could of be life . but the judge ... he look real nice at I , and say you be a damn good soldier , son ... so he only give I twenty year . no way ! enough !... you know how long I be in that prison -- nineteen month -- and then I be go ! I be go ! she stare in shock and horror . his anger be like ice . cameron ( cont 'd ) caught I break into a store ...oh , not to rob it ... I go there to kill the bastard who own it ... nina why ? cameron ... because ... 179d suddenly the ice turn to steam . his self - control shatter like glass . there in the basement of a 100 - year old hotel , before a audience of one , cameron erupt , spew out the memory of he mortification and crucifixion ... not without the silent resignation of Jesus , but with the howling rage of a mad dog ... Pluto with the raby ... cameron ( cont 'd ) ... because ... it seem like a good idea to twist he fuck head off ! Said I could be he partner when I get back ... lyin ' son of a bitch be " real sorry thing be slack ... " slack my ass ...he just do not want I hangin ' around because he be bangin ' my old lady . so I go down and start bangin ' on he door ! ( he start pound on the mirror ) - 131 - cameron ( cont 'd ) ... he 's close . it 's two o'clock in the morning . I want to smash he face in and he 's close ! " OPEN up , you bastard . " 179e cameron 's fist smashes he own face in the dress table mirror . his reflection craze and fall to piece . nina ( scream ) you hand ! cameron hold up he fist to she , shaking it in glee . cameron bang ! that bright , shiny front window go bye- bye ! ( reveling in he own insanity ) ... maybe he 's screwin ' she behind the counter ... I climb in there screamin ' " where be ya ? come out here and be a man ! where be ya ? behind that counter , you son-of - a - bitch ? " cameron kick over the makeup table as though it be the counter ... tube and glass shatter all over the floor . cameron ( cont 'd ) ya know what 's behind that counter ?... ( the ultimate horror ) ...41 - different-kinds-of-ice cream ... " and all that fuckin ' syrup !... 179f there be a rainbow row of makeup jar and hair tints . he start hurling they against the wall where they smash , punctuate he speech with burst of gooey color . cameron ( cont 'd ) ... and this little mickey mouse face on the wall !... with candy eyeball !... he pause , catch he breath , as another image emerge from the swirl of memory . cameron ( cont 'd ) - 132 - ( tense and frighten ) ... then ... I see this thing glow in the dark ... I hit that floor so fast . Christ , I nearly swallow my heart . that second I be sure ... it be Charlie ... a cigarette butt , some guy on a v.c. patrol !... ( he panic subside ) know what it be ? it be the goddamn pilot light on the hot fudge machine !! that do it ! that did it ! hot fudge ?! I bury in shit , be the damn good soldier the judge say I be , yes sir , people sit there on they fat ass feedin' they fat face . " can I have a extra cherry ? can I have a extra cherry ? " cameron rip denise 's electric hair dryer from the wall and hurl it across the basement . cameron ( cont 'd ) I smashed that fuck fudge pot across the room , smack into that shelf full of animal ... and it start raining pussycat and monkey and kangaroo cookie like noah 's ark ! the hair dryer smashes against a shelf , toppling ammunition box and bottle onto the carcass of a disassembled World War I airplane . the propeller topple and fall through a german recruiting poster , and just out at the kaiser 's crotch . cameron ( cont 'd ) " how long should a girl wait " she say ? for goddamn ever , bitch , that's how long ! cameron 's hand have come to rest on a metal laundry bin . he grip it and lift it over he head . cameron ( cont 'd ) I pick up this fifty - pound ice cream vat ... flavor-of-the-month !... royal -bavarian-chocolate-mist !... and I start run with that son-of - a-bitch ... 179g - 133 - cameron start run across the room and just as he 's about to hurl it , he collide with a jutting shelf , which knock he flat on he back . the shelf fall and thirty or forty one - gallon paint can cascade on top of he . it look disastrous . Nina run to he , terrify , but before the last can have even come to rest , cameron emerge from the pile of can , throw they aside , still thrashing and scream as he struggle to he foot . at the sight of he , Nina start laugh . but cameron , who have somehow manage to keep he grip on the laundry basket , raise it over he head as if nothing have happen , hurl the clothes bin , scream : cameron ( cont 'd ) scoop that up you royal bavarian strawberry snatch ! with the effort , cameron 's foot fly out from under he as if he have step in oil . in fact , he have step in paint , and land flat on he ass in the green goo . Nina " brack " out a uncontrollable guffaw . cameron ( bellow ) it 's not funny ! shame , Nina run to he . nina oh , baby ... but , as she reach he , she foot too be catch in the paint and she slide forward like a ice skater , spraddle he , landing on she ass . his rage vanish as he point at she , break into a fiendish , uncontrollable cackle . this pratfall be a catharsis that have release the pressure and the madness . they attempt to gain they foot , skid and slide in the paint . he succeed , but Nina fail . nina ( through laughter ) let I go to the bathroom . I be gonna have a accident . - 134 - cameron you will miss the main part ! killer cameron 's ghastly crime ! I be freak out of my head ! and , suddenly there 's this big flashlight shine in my face . I just grab that goddamn ice cream bucket and slopped it ... right over the guy 's head ! although cameron 's get nothing in he hand , he pantomime swinging that fifty - pound ice cream bucket around in the air , lose he balance and landing on he back in the paint beside Nina . her hysteria be renew , but cameron stop laugh . cameron ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) it 's not funny . it be not he . it be a cop . I get out of there like a shot . I do not know he be knock out . how the hell do I know he be gonna lay there all night with he head in the ice cream ? nina ( suddenly serious ) oh , my God . he die ? cameron no , he 's in the hospital . nina oh , no . cameron oh , yes . that ice cream 's goddamn cold ! ( struggle for a proper description ) his nose ... it froze and he ear froze , see ... and ... despite the horror of it , Nina start giggle . she can not help it . cameron ( cont 'd ) ( indignantly ) no , it 's terrible !... he lose the tip of he nose and he ear lobe ... - 135 - 179h then , cameron , realize the absurdity , start giggle too . out of control , Nina scramble to she foot and dash for the lady room . cameron follow she to the door , still talk as it close behind she . cameron ( cont 'd ) I will tell ya , it 's a bad year to mess with cop . you get the FBI scream down on you ass ... nina ( through the door ) oh , god. too late ... thanks a lot ! abruptly , cameron 's energy be go . the hilarity be over . he lean he forehead against the door in exhaustion and despair . cameron ( softly ) ... if we wake up eli and tell he about the ice cream ... would he forgive I and call off the stunt ?... 180 int . garage - pre-dawn the duesenberg stand silhouett in the darkness , light glint dimly off it like the gleam from fine wood of a splendid coffin wait in the slumber room before service begin . behind it , a side door of the garage open . but it be not visitor come to pay they last respects , it be cameron and Nina . he be wear burt 's clothes . Nina move quickly to a white convertible as cameron cross to the big overhead garage door and hit the electric switch . nothing happens . he flip another switch and harsh overhead light illuminate the reality of the garage . Nina have start the convertible , as cameron try to lift the garage door handle . cameron how the hell d'ya open this thing ? voice ( o.s. ) sorry , folk , it 's lock . Nina gasp . cameron whirl towards the voice . a cop with a big flashlight stand in the open doorway peer in at they . - 136 - cameron we know it 's lock . would you open up for we ? cop can not ... not ' till seven o'clock . Mr. Cross 's order . nina ( the actress ) I be sure Mr. Cross will understand when you tell he that miss Franklin have a sudden desire for swedish pancake for breakfast and this gentleman have a sudden desire to keep I company ... I be Nina Franklin , the star of the film . cop pancake house do not open ' till eight . nina that 's all right , we will find some place . cop town 's close up pretty tight this time of night . nina then we will drive to cape Long . cop ya will never get through the roadblock . cameron why not ? cop Chief 's order . Mr. Cross do not want any member of the company leavin ' town tonight . guess he want everybody good and rest for the last day . ( he grin ) figure it 's no secret about the Chief hopin ' this be the last day ... - 137 - nina ( fiercely ) be you tell I that if I decide to take a drive at any time of the day or night or whenever I damn please , I need Mr. Cross 's permission ? Mr. Cross do not control I or anyone else , include this gentleman and he do not control the public road ! cop no , but the police do . I will wake Mr. Cross up and ask he if you want , but it 's a awful hour . should be somebody in the hotel kitchen by now . I will get them to rustle something ' up for you . maybe not pancake , but egg , if you want it . cameron I think the lady have she heart set on pancake , but thanks . cop okay . you change you mind , call ... I will be around . he leave . the officer be go and so be they plan . they be in limbo ... people in a wait room whose flight have be cancel . - 138 - cameron I can not believe it ... he know . the son-of -a-bitch know whatever I be think . I be beginning to feel like something that Sam write ! I be not real . I be some jerk american flyer from World War I who have to go over a bridge and die because the goddamn script say so ! it 's crazy ... I be trap in he goddamn story . if somebody lose that page , I would be fine . if he cross it out and write something else like -- " at the last moment , he veer the big car from the railing -- then go speed on to live happy ever after ... " ( he look at the duesenberg appraisingly , then grin as a plan start to form ) ... how about that ?! empty road , I out there all alone , the crew ' way back , breathless as I approach the bridge . and then ... " hey , what happen ?! " a fuck rewrite 's what happen ! I will have a fifteen - minute jump on they before they figure out they be shoot a new version ! Nina have come to life , she eye aglow like a shrewd little girl who 's already decide how the fairy tale will end ! nina ... and what about the love story ? what happen to the austrian girl ? people will leave the movie feel terrible ... I know ! she go with he ! cameron how ? Nina have walk around to the back of the duesenberg and open the trunk . nina in here . cameron - 139 - ( cautiously ) not bad . but , I think they arrange to meet later ... like in a Greyhound Bus station a couple of town away . nina no ...look ... ( she climb in ) see how big it be ? comfortable , too ... honestly , honey , it 's a better end . cameron ( firmly ) Nina , get out of the trunk . the pretend have end . nina and what happen in the morning ? do I show up on the set in my little pink pinafore and say , " hi , eli . where 's my hug and kiss ...? " how do I do that now ? cameron ( sternly ) ... get out of the trunk . nina ... or should I trot up to my room to catch a couple of wink and cuddle up with a dozen sleep pill ? cameron ( angry ) it 's my nightmare ... stay out ! this be not the time to solve you neurotic problem ! I be try to stay alive ! nina ( shouting back ) so be I . and I never claim not to have " neurotic problem ! " cameron ( interrupt ) oh , for Christ 's sake ... nina - 140 - ... they come with the body ! it 's all one . a package deal ! the shouting end ... and in despair silence , voice of approach workmen be hear , grumble that the coffee 's late . cameron ( urgent whisper ) Nina , please , there 's somebody come . get out of the trunk ... as we glimpse the workmen in the doorway , she reach up , grab the inside of the trunk lid and pull it down , disappear from sight , as the trunk slam shut . 181 ext . the old abandoned road - early morning in the stillness , as the morning sun crest the tree , they shadow move like a parting curtain , leave sunlight to warm the old stone of the abandon road . the ancient bridge span the black river , idling toward the sea . it be a perfect day , tranquil except for the faint distant " rumbling " intrude into we consciousness . as it grow louder and louder , a flock of bird be frighten from the tree , a rusty beer can by the roadside begin to tremble and roll from the vibration . rounding the bend of the road into view be a half - dozen kid on bicycle , peddle furiously , laugh and yell and look back at what now appear behind they : the first vehicle of a incredible carnival parade -- or be it a funeral procession ? Long , short , tall , fat vehicle ; the stretch - out car , the cab towing portable toilet , the tractor pull a generator rig , the cortez camper dress room , the stake - bed load with reflector rattling like radar screen , panel truck with studio emblem , a vintage german army truck fill with soldier , patrol car and motorcycle , the huge , bright yellow construction crane on its caterpillar tread , its pneumatic snout jutting forward thirty yard like a morning hard - on sniff around for some tunnel to hump -- a few technician straddle it have they morning danish and coffee . in the midst of this , on a low - sling flatbe trailer ride the duesenberg -- the coffin on its caisson . the caravan grind , hiss , wheeze to a halt and the a.d. , astride the hood of the first vehicle , dismount and raise he electric bullhorn to begin what will be a incessant squawk of instruction , reprimand , coaxing and complaint . - 141 - a.d . all right , people ... the rest period be over . another fifteen minute and we start lose sun . come on , let 's get the equipment off that truck . the second a.d. 's run around like sheepdog herding the laborer , snap at they flank , bark they instruction over electric horn . a.d. ( cont 'd ) Chuck ... Chuck Barton , where do you want the duesenberg ? grip and laborer be carry the big reflector through the brush into the hill . a.d. ( cont 'd ) Mr. Cross , please . the camera crew 's ready for a setup . 182 angle on eli and the camera crew they be already huddle , squatting on they haunch under a tree . eli the r-35 in the chopper on the maxi - mount , the underwater imo in the duesenberg ... gabe I will hide a arri with a zoom up on the hill . eli and what about number four ? maybe hang a platform under the bridge with the speed camera ? gabe ( admiringly ) heavy ... from the top of the screen right into the water ... squish . 183 angle on the duesenberg be roll up to a mark in the center of the road . crewmen swarm ; in and under it , tuning , polish , testing , install camera , sound , electrical equipment , as Chuck hover over they . - 142 - a.d . all driver , please ... I want every equipment vehicle back behind the bend ... as motor rev , the two sheepdog squawk : " out of sight ... " " behind the bend ... , " then be lose in the rise dust of they herd . 184 another angle cable be be strung out of sight along the side of the road , snap into junction box that spread they electrify tentacles , strangling the landscape . a.d. ( point at the mike boom ) what 's that suppose to be , Ralph ? ... a elm or a oak ? get that mike off the boom and into the bush . come on , people , let 's think ! we be lose the sun ! 185 another angle further down the road gabe , Chuck , the a.d. and a technician move down the road toward we , shoulder to shoulder , halting on the bridge . Chuck and gabe move to the stone railing . Chuck tap on it , produce a hollow sound . gabe , examine a corner of this false section ... gabe ( to a.d. ) have them touch up that corner of the section . it look phony as hell . the a.d. have be draw a chalk line across the road . a.d. ( to technician ) climb down there in the bush and stay out of sight . technician what about earphone ? a.d. just watch you mark . - 143 - 186 wide angle on the duesenberg behind it , the last of the equipment truck be be jack - knife out of sight . a row of reflector stand like sentinels on the hill , bathing the duesenberg in light . Workmen swarm about it like ant on the queen 's birthday . 187 angle on eli eli ( into walkie- talkie ) where 's the chopper ? we would kinda like to have you join we ... if you can find the way . voice ( over walkie- talkie ) Fifteen minute , eli . we be just warming she up . eli grab a electric horn from the hand of a pass a.d. eli all right , everybody ... may I have you attention , please ? instantly the frantic a.d. 's begin squawk , " everybody put down what you be do , the director want to talk . " eli ( through speaker ) this be the one and only duesenberg we have in stock . when that car go into the water , we be not go to see it again . so , once the action start , no matter what happen , keep it go . 188 angle on cortez dressing room as cameron step out through the open doorway , buttone he costume . eli ( cont 'd ) ... we must have this shot . therefore , I now order no camera to jam and no cloud to pass before the sun . - 144 - 189 long shot on the duesenberg as cameron move toward it uncertainly . eli , some distance away , surround by member of he crew , glance up . eli ( yell ) how ya doin ' , soldier ? where would ya learn to do without sleep ? without await a answer , eli return to he work , as cameron approach the duesenberg . 190 close on duesenberg cameron walk around it , testing and check , but move relentlessly toward the humpback trunk . a horn honk and a police car slide up . Jake lean out the window , wave at cameron jovially . jake how do you guy get accident insurance ? must cost you a arm and a leg ... ( chuckle ) ... that 's a good one . he drive on toward a park german army truck , in which lounge several soldier . Chuck approach cameron . chuck you be lookin ' real strong , kid . be that loose change I hear jinglin ' or be they beginnin ' to grow ? cameron ( flatly ) wanna check ? chuck c'mon , lemme show you this truck ... they walk towards the german truck . chuck ( cont 'd ) I be send it on ahead . during the gag , it 's gonna be comin ' down the road towards you when you get to the bridge . cameron tense at this information . - 145 - chuck ( cont 'd ) relax , what do it change ? I be only tellin ' you so you do not buzz off into space when you see them . they will be shoot at you and that 's what 's suppose to make you go into the river . 190a they have reach the truck where Jake stand proudly . the property man be hand out rifle and box of bullet to the german soldier , whom we now recognize as police officer from the town . one cop , tie he shoe , lift he head and grin at cameron like a old buddy -- the officer from the garage last night . cop hey , you ever get that pancake ? jake ... my boy ... can not recognize them . how could I say no , after all the crap they have take because of this company the last six week ? chuck ( good-naturedly ) yeah , a cop will do anything for fifty buck , even be a actor . second cop this gun be kinda modern for World War I . property master ( to Chuck ) you want I to drive back and get the old one . chuck ( decide ) shit ... forget it . how much will they see from the helicopter ? if cameron be upset by the change in the stunt , he be now really unnerve by the sight of that cop with gun . the second cop be load cartridge . - 146 - cameron ( start back to duesenberg ) hope that be really blank . second cop ( chuckle ) do not say so on the box ! 191 angle on duesenberg's trunk as cameron arrive and casually lean against the trunk and then gently tap . he must get Nina out of there . with determination , he reach for the trunk handle . arm wear the same costume as he own reach in , hold the trunk close . it be Raymond . raymond no need to look ... if she love you , she 's still there . if she do not ... then it do not really matter ... do it ? how can he know ? -- everything be out of control -- a voice call . technician voice hey , lucky , we need you ! he turn and move numbly to the car door . technician ( cont 'd ) get in , will ya ? daze , cameron climb behind the wheel . 192 int . duesenberg technician ( cont 'd ) ( lean in passenger 's side ) look straight ahead , can you see that red light out of the corner of you eye ? a tiny red light be mount in the corner over the windshield . technician ( cont 'd ) that will let you know when the film 's run , so be sure you do not turn you face to the camera . - 147 - the technician tighten a final screw on the red light then , lean back out of the car , yell o.s. technician ( cont 'd ) all right , bump it once . ( to cameron ) do it work ? cameron , barely hearing , look straight ahead without response . Jake lounge at the driver 's window , kibitze the operation . technician ( cont 'd ) ( yell o.s. ) bump it again . ( look back into the car ) camera on ? cameron ( by reflex ) what ? the word " camera on " sound exactly like " cameron . " it sound as though he real name be call and he automatically answer . have he identity be expose ? his eye widen . the technician , get no response , call to Jake . technician ask he if it 's on ? jake cameron ? he whirl to see Jake stare at he . his hand dart to the ignition key , the engine roar to life . jake ( cont 'd ) ( startle ) hey , they wanna know be the camera on ? cameron realize he error , but it 's too late , he 's in a panic . in he mind , he 's give himself away . the road ahead be clear -- go ! he jam the car in gear and slam the accelerator to the floor . the duesenberg leap forward , screeching wildly . in its wake -- chaos . everyone run , yell ... chuck ( yell ) that crazy bastard ! who cue he ? a.d . - 148 - not I ! eli ( cold ; urgent ) Roll ! Roll the film ! move you ass -- I want that shot ! at they master 's voice , they leap . a.d. ( scream ) end marker ! SOUND man ( shout ) speed ! 193 int . duesenberg speed . the needle hit sixty - five -- seventy -- climb fast . cameron grip the wheel , look at that empty road . a involuntary shout swell up and escape he mouth . cameron ( exultantly ) yahooo ! ( toward Nina in the trunk ) hang on to everything , baby , we be on we way ! you okay ? the needle hit eighty -- eighty - five . ahead , the bridge be rush toward we . now the arch of the stone railing be strobing past . through they , he see the black river which he have escape . triumphantly , he hand rise , middle finger extend . suddenly the red camera light go on , the underwater camera behind he begin whirring . he move he finger behind he for a perfect close - up , ( recalling that moment in the tower ) : cameron ( scream ) shoot this , eli! the center of the bridge be a instant away , a approach blur . 194 ext . roadside - angle on technician crouch -- tensely watch the chalk line on the road as the duesenberg flash past . his finger press a button . 195 insert - front wheel of duesenberg - 149 - blam ! the whole front wheel of the car be blow off by a explosive charge . 196 another angle the duesenberg drop on one axle . Metal scream against stone , as though it be cameron himself , scream . skid , spin , tear through the papier - mache railing , plunging out of control into space , where it hover for a brief instant and arc downward like a die bird . 197 int . duesenberg - close on cameron a cry of such anguish and despair . cameron ( scream ) ninaaa-a-a-a-a-!!! 198 int . duesenberg - wide angle past cameron through windshield the river rush up and the car smashes into it with a deafen , shatter roar , plunging beneath the surface to a dark and soundless world -- except for a tiny red light , the whir of a camera and cameron 's desperate cry . tearing he seatbelt off he fling himself toward the rear of the car , claw at the back seat to reach Nina . incredibly , there be sunlight again as the car be buoy to the surface . there , again , be the live world - the road , the tree . in that brief instant , through the rear window , cameron have a wild , tilt glimpse of a pink pinafore -- Nina , stand by the rail look down , eli beside she . the car nose downward , water rise swiftly over the rear window . the last image on cameron 's retina be that wild , eager , little - girl excitement on Nina 's face . then he 's alone again , entombed in the darken water as the car plunge toward the bottom . cameron sit , immobilize at the realization that he betrayal be total . everyone , even Nina , have conspire to bring he to this -- red light glow , camera whirring , to capture the moment of he death . - 150 - outrage galvanize he to action . he reach for the door handle , to rip they open -- they snap off in he hand . now there be a rumbling and rending of metal as the roof begin to implode , crush down toward he . under the immense pressure , the rear window burst inward , the river rush in a wild torrent . the memory of Chuck 's voice ... " the window . " he lower the front window slowly . the water now pour in faster . the level have rise to he chin . he gasp a final breath and the water rise over he head . still the red light burn . he reach beneath the seat for the oxygen cylinder and try to pull it loose . it will not move . the impact of the car hit the water have bent the seat frame . his grop hand find the hose , the oxygen mask . a hope . though every second be robbing he chance for life , he movement under water be as in slow motion . pull the mask to he face , he take a eager breath and choke as water fill he mouth . the rubber tube have break loose from the cylinder and be float free -- as it must have with burt . pressure of the onrush water have stop as the water reach the roof . for a moment there be a strange stillness which cameron , he lung burst , swim through , out the window and toward the surface . 199 angle on cameron move upward through river slime , in a world that grow lighter , in a desperate race to reach air . daylight ! gasp , half unconscious , barely able to move he arm to stay afloat . adrift in the current , he touch land , claw at the rock and pull himself onto the shore . his muscle , still move by motor reflex , drive by survival instinct , take he crawl from the river bank through the tall grass -- still the fugitive , the " man on the run . " then , he lift he head and stop at what he see before he : 200 Pov fanned out across the field be a row of man , gun hold ready . policeman from the truck in they german uniform move forward slowly -- carefully search the terrain in a arch which , as it close , must irrevocably reach cameron . 201 another angle it 's over . without strength or will , he lie wait for they as though he eye be make of glass . they see he now , but they pace do not change . as they take the last few step toward he , he see they shoulder , waist , knee and then only a circle of foot around he . they hand roughly grab he , pull he to he foot , shove he brutally about . angry cop face growl : " kill the son-of - a - - 151 - bitch , " " shoot ' im , " " cut it , " " hang ' im , " and then loudly , " cut it ! " he feel a blow on the back , then another . they seem too gentle . why be that cop smile ? some of they be walk away . where be the handcuffs ? why be he shaking my hand instead ? then the jumble of voice be become clearer ... " no matter what they pay you , make them give you a raise ! " ... " fantastic , my wife think be a cop be dangerous -- you guy be terrific ! " it finally sink in , the insane , absurd , devastating , humiliate realization that it be all just another scene in a movie that come off as plan . he be alive and free . be that gurgle we hear in cameron 's throat the water that he swallow or a unseemly giggle ? then it choke into laughter . 202 Pov here come Chuck , run across the field with he silly stunt bag fill with elastic bandage . how funny . here 's the helicopter hover with gabe descend the rope ladder bear film for eli , who run to meet he . how hilarious . there 's the pink pinafore ... Nina hold the skirt up to she waist as she wade through the tall grass towards he . how sweetly absurd . a.d . all right , come on ... let 's get the stuff in the truck , we be lose sun ! 203 angle on cameron Chuck have reach cameron , throw a blanket over he . he pull a pint from he back pocket . chuck take a belt . do not be stingy . as cameron tilt he head back , the bottle to he mouth , he see skin diver set down they rescue equipment and stripping out of they drip wet-suit . cameron that guy down there the whole time ? Chuck , who be rub cameron violently through the blanket to restore he circulation , reply with the high compliment he can pay ? chuck I can not hear ya ... they be clangin ' too loud . - 152 - 204 another angle Nina have reach a impasse twenty yard away in she journey of love toward cameron -- a muddy section of swamp . nina ( shout across the distance to cameron ) I can not come any further . what should I do ? I will get the dress all muddy and I need it for the next scene . cameron ( grin with good nature ) tunafish salad ... I know . nina ( shout ) they find I five minute after you leave . I feel ridiculous . cameron ( wave back ) just as well ! nina ( shout ) when eli tell I you would change you mind and decide to do the stunt , at first I do not believe he , but I guess you really do . I try to find you . eli be stand nearby listen to this macabre exchange between lover . nina ( cont 'd ) ( to include eli ) I be sure glad you two make up ! Boy , lucky , be you wonderful ... I guess I have to go now . see you after . she awkwardly turn , she dress still hold high and yell back over she shoulder ... nina ( cont 'd ) - 153 - I be sorry I be so nutty last night . I always get crazy at the end of a film . Nina continue pick she way toward the road . and then ... 205 close on nina suddenly she turn , run headlong , pell - mell across the swamp and through the mud hole , drench she pink pinafore into a muddy rag , lose a shoe , rip she hose -- and then wildly into the arm of cameron , smear he with love and mud ! and then , just as quickly , she be go , racing back across the field , hopping like a rabbit without she shoe , toward the road . 206 another angle cameron be brim with pleasure . Chuck , totally ignore , pick up he stunt bag . chuck ( dryly ) lover , I think you circulation 's back to normal . and please , next time will ya listen for the cue -- the word be " action . " he walk off , leave cameron drape in the blanket like a indian . eli step up to he look very serious , lift he hand in the indian sign of greeting and say : eli " how ! " I have always have a great compassion for you people . Long before it be popular , I feel a repugnance for General custer . cameron stare at he , incredulous . eli ( cont 'd ) my God , I think he 's breathe . there be day I can not do anything right . I hope this do not screw up we relationship , you be alive and all . - 154 - cameron ( shaking he head ) ... you sure take a hell of a chance , eli ... why do not you just let I go last night ? eli what , with Nina in the trunk ? I have get scene to shoot with she ... cameron ... all right . this morning then . Chuck could have do the stunt . eli ( thoughtfully ) I know a guy who make a anti-war film . when they preview it in he hometown , army enlistment go up six hundred percent . I be make this film try to convince the whole world that maybe there 's a better way to get home for Thanksgiving ... and I can not even convince one dumb kid with a tattoo ... I could not have you run around paranoid the rest of you life think I be try to kill you . cameron paranoid ? Sam have run up , out of breath , follow by crew member . eli hey Sam , the kid just lick you screenplay . he name the disease . SAM yeah , what ? eli ...a social disease , very common . SAM ... like gonorrhea ... - 155 - eli you be close . it 's spread the same way ... by screwing you fellow man . cameron I hope you find a easier cure . that be the hardest thousand buck I ever make . a horn honk . it be Jake who , in he enthusiasm , have drive the police car bump over the marsh to eli and cameron . jake you guy want a ride back ? eli ( move toward the helicopter ) no , we be goin ' in the chopper . cameron ( consider it ) thanks , eli , but that look too dangerous . I think I will ride with Jake . good luck with the picture . he move toward police car . eli ( yell to cameron ) do not miss that plane , burt ! jake ( lean across cameron to yell at eli ) he better not ! any member of you company find within city limit after five o'clock tonight , get shot on sight ! eli stop , suddenly register what cameron have say . eli ... what thousand buck ? that stunt pay six -fifty . cameron ( surprised ) Chuck tell I a thousand ... eli - 156 - ( firmly ) six-fifty ! cameron ( get upset ) a thousand ! eli ( relenting ) okay , seven-fifty . Split the difference ... cameron bullshit ! you be try to screw I !! eli ( exasperate ) Christ ! you be do it again ! ( stride toward the chopper , shouting ) Sam ! this paranoid little bastard still do not understand you damn screenplay ! eli be climb into the helicopter . cameron ( shriek ) that 's you big problem , eli ! you use people ! I want my money , a thousand buck ! eli ( to cameron ) six-fifty !! ( to Sam ) rewrite the battle scene and let the tank run he over ! the stunt pay six -fifty ! the helicopter take off , zoom under the bridge , up into a hammerhead and soar back , while cameron continue to scream at it . cameron come back here . I be tired of be you goddamn clown ! pay I my thousand buck ! eli 's voice on the helicopter 's p.a. speaker echoe through the canyon , as the chopper cavort overhead and skim away . - 157 - eli' voice ( on p.a. ) how tall be King Kong ... - fade out -