the MIRACLE worker written by William Gibson July 8th , 1961 1 a€¢ night . ini . nursery . 0 we see three face in lamplight , look down . they have be through a long vigil and it show in they tired eye and disarranged clothing . one be a young gentlewoman with a sweet girlish face , kate keller ; the second be a elderly doctor , stethoscope at neck , thermometer in finger ; the third be a gruff gentleman in he forty with chin whis - ker , captain arthur keller . doctor shet1l1 live . kate close she eye . I can tell you now , I think she would not , keller ( indulgent ) I have bring up two of they , but this be my wife 's first , she be not battle - scar yet . kate Doctor . will my girl be all right ? 0 doctor oh , by morning she will be knock down Captain kellerf fence again . kate be there nothing we should do ? keller ( jovial ) put up stronger fencing , ha ? doctor just let she get well , she know how to do it better than we do . this thing come and go in infant , never know why . call it acute congestion of the stomach and brain . kell ? move after the doctor , we hear they off - camera ; we see only kate be face hover over we , she hand adjust - — ing the blanket . keller I will see you to you buggy , Doctor . ( continued ) 2 1 . continued doctor ( off camera ) 0 Main thing be the fever 's go . I have never see a baby , more vitality , that 's the truth -- they voice and footstep fade . kate be bent lovingly over the crib , which emit a bleat ; she finger be play - ful with the baby 's face . kate hush . do not you cry now , you have be trouble enough . call it acute congestion , indeed , I do not see what 's so cute about a con - gestion , just because it 's yours ? we will have you father run a editorial in he paper , the wonder of modern medicine , they do not know what they be curing even when they cure it . Men , man and they battle scar , we woman will have to -- helen , helen Captain , Captain , will you come . ( she scream ) 2 . night . ext . side of keller house . keller stand lamp in hand watch the doctor 's buggy recede in the night . suddenly from the house behind he come a knife scream . keller wheel , the scream come again and the camera follow keller 's run with the lamp across the yard . 3 . night . int . keller house . keller run into the house and up the dark stair . 4 . night . int . helen' nursery . keller burst into the bedroom where kate be scream at the crib , she look intent on the baby and terrible . keller Katie , what 's wrong ? kate look . ( continued ) 3 c o.w - u ued she make a pass with she hand in the crib , at the baby 's eye . I kate ( cont would ) she can not see . look at she eye . she take the lamp from he , move it before the child 's face . she can not seel keller ( hoarsely ) helen . AK te or hear . when I scream she do not blink . not a eyelash -- keller helen . heleni kate she can not hear youl yeller helenl his face have something like fury in it , cry the child 's name ; kate almost fainting press she knuckle to she mouth , to stop she own cry . fade out 5 . day . int . kellel house - title shot . the stair in the keller House . in the foreground we see the bannister , in the background the wall . a shadow.of the erratic , staggering figure of 5 year old helen appear on the wall , move slowly . the two negro child scamper past -- they excited laughter come to we , in contrast to the mute helen . in cu , in the fg , helen be little hand come into the frame , grasp the bannister rail . 6 . day . ext . yard - title shot . high long shot lookin’ , down on line of bed sheet hang up in the keller yard to dry . it appear to be a kind of ( continued ) 6 . continued maze , the sheet blow in the wind ; and staggering among they be the figure of the child , helen 5 year old , reach - ing out , struggle , buffete by the damp , blow sheet , crane down towards the figure . helen lash out , she face frighten , unknow --- she pull down a sheet , be - come tangle in its fold , almost hysterical . in the bg kate come rush from the house -- to help she . 7 . night . int . live room keller house - title shot . there be a Christmas tree with decoration and in a wide shot we see helen , 7 year old , reach up into tree . at a window we see the face of percy 8 year , and martha , 7 year , look in . helenr hand get a Christmas ball and rip it down , shatter at she foot . crab in and around come to the side of the tree , see helent hand , another ball , she pull it down . we see she face , blurred out , through the pine branch and needle , and beyond she the other child watch . $ . day . ext . afield - title shot . a wide high shot . we see the lonely expanse of field with 0 a low grass sprout up , in the bg be the keller house perhaps . go slowly across the field be the figure of the child helen , Patty Duke . from in under camera come kate , follow she . ( continue script ) 9 . omit . 10 . day . ext . backyard keller house and pump - title shot . scene will be out mos up until ringing of bell : now we be in leaf - dapple sunlight in the keller yard , on three kneel child and a old dog around the pump . V iney with jug on way to barn to get milk . the dog be a setter name belle , and she be sleep . two of the child be negroes , martha and percy . the third child be helen , quite unkempt , in body a vivacious little person with a fine head , attractive , but noticeably blind , one eye larger and protrude ; she gesture be abrupt , insistent , lack in human restraint , and she face never 0 ( continued ) 10 . continued smile . she be flanke by the other two , in a litter of 0 paper- doll cutout , and while they speak , helen be hand thrust at they face in turn , feel baffledly at the movement of they lip . the camera be on this ; the dialogue be only background . martha ( snipping ) first itm gonna cut off this doe - tort leg , one , two , now then -- percy why you cuttin ' off that doctor 's leg ? martha I be gonna give he a operation . now I be gonna cut off he arm , one , two . now I be gonna fix up she push helen be hand away from she mouth . you stop that . percy cut off he stomach , that 's a good operation . 0 martha no , I be gonna cut off he head first , he get a bad cold . percy ai not gonna be much of that doc - tor leave to fix up , time you finish all they opera -- but helen be poke she finger inside he mouth , to feel he tongue ; he bite at they , annoyed , and she jerk they away . helen now finger she own lip , move they in imitation , but soundlessly . again the camera on this . martha what you do , bite hand ? percy that 's how I do , she keep pokint . she finger in my mouth , I just bite them off . ( continued ) 6 . 10 . conti : lartea -. that she tryin ' do now ? 0 peercy she tryint talk . she gonna get read . looka she try in ' talk .. illen be scowling , the lip under she fingertip move in silence , grow more and more frantic , until in a bizarre rage she bite at she own finger . this send percy off into laughter , but alarm :martha . marti hey , you stop now . she pull eelei ' S hand down , you just sit quiet and but at once heleit topple ltartha on she back , knee pin she shoulder down , and ;- rav the sissor . martha scream , hile she tie b _nchlet of hair £ 17 off in snip of the scissors . percy dart to the bell stria on the porch , yank it W the DELL ripg . boa . day . int . livid rooli E captain X ller be at work at he deal . ja es be at he ease in conversation with kate and aunt ev . kate be serve a cool refreshment . itar ringing of bell . kate rush out the door follow more slowly by a " mitt W , leave behind jail & feller . 11 . kate 0 ? ?* ninc door onto arch sees the scone . five year have do much to she , the girlish play - fulness be go , she be a woman settle in grief . bate ( for the thousandth time ) helen . she be dorm the step at once to they , seize ii le'tt S wrist and lift she off iartha . vine= run in and chase martha and percy off . 0 6a . , 11 . 4 :'21 at 17-t I ) '' kat J ( C o1'~t id let I have that scissors , E sate reach for the scissors in helen ' S hand . put hel N pull the scissors bacI .' , they stru g:le ' for then : a mno_m.ent , then kate give up , let hele1.1 keep they . she try to drrrr helen into the house . helen jerk swwray . kate next go do . - , rno on she knee , tsk ?ele ! 1s hand gently , and use ; the scissors like a doll , m& es heli N caress and cradle they ; she point =, y' S finger houseward .s. iiiizg * len ' S whole body now beco_nn ea*er ; she surrender the scissors , kate t?' - rn she toward the door and -..hue she a little pus - 1 . I len scramble up and toward the h_ig * su se , and na= risin - follow she , 12 . day . int . I , ell.er livinc rood . there be a cradle with a sleep infant , t1lirdred : c " . pt_ " : in ke ! , l:_r in spectacle be work over netr - paper page at a corner desk ; a benign amit ev , wear a hat , with a sew in - , . basket on a sofa be put - tin the finish stitches on a big shapeless doll make out of towel ; a ineol ont young man of I " te ' S be , ja S 1lc_ tr turn from the window to look at he l_ , 'n . i le halt , she hand alert to grope , and E kate turn she to the aunt , who give she the doll , the aunt be meanwhile speak to teller . aunt ev Arthur , something ought to be do for that child . T - a refresh , ; no suggg ;estion . ' a°l .at ? aunt ev '- thy , this ver - T famous Perkins School in poston ; they be just suppose to do wonder . icc'eller the child 's be to speci list everywhere . the - could not help she in Baltimore or 1,1 - 7aslaington , could they ? 7 . 12 . co :' ' ij '' tj 0 ttiin the cap ; ':ain will write to the Perkins School soon . kell ' R : ratie , howe many tine can you let - then brew . { you heart ? any number of tine , h T e foreroinz and follovrin " dialo , ue be peripheral to the we be on } EL ' T 1 she sit on the or to explore the doll t71lth h.r finger , gravely , and she hand pause over the face : this be no face , a blan area , and it trouble she . clos '_ ' up on she finger -- tip search for flaature . she tan ouestionin sly f'o : ' eye , but no one notice . she then yank at she _ jfl ''t1 dress , and tap amain viforous ry for eye . oc oo:t '! I ico n 0 and 12 . continued 0 aunt ev what , child ? obviously not hearing , helen commence to go around from person to person , tapping she eye , but no one attend or understand . kate ( no break ) as long as there 's the least chance . for she to see . or hear , or -- keller there isntt . now I must finish here . kate I think , with you permission , Captain , I would like to write to the Perkins School . keller I say no , Katie . 0 aunt ev why , write do no harm , Arthur , only a little bitty letter . to see if they can help she . feller they can not . kate we will not know that ; to be a fact , Captain , until afller you write . 13 . helen now be groping among thing . ' on fell er t S desk , paw he paper to the floor . kj mlim be exasperated . k I J , er Katie . kate quickly turn helen away , and retrive the papers . I might as well ta°y to work ina henyard as in th.s house -- ( continued ) 9 13 . C ontinu.d jame ( placating ) you really ought to put she away Father . kate ( stare up ) what ? jame some asylum . it 's the kindest thing . aunt ev why , she 's you sister , James , not a nobody -- jame half sister , and half - mentally defective , she can not even keep herself clean . it 's not pleasant to see she about all the time . kate do you dare ? complain of what 0 you can see ? keller ( very annoyed ) this discussion be at a end ] helen grope she way with the doll back to aunt ev . the house be at six and seven from morning ' till night over the childl I want some peace here , I do not care how , but one way we will not have it be by rush up and down the country every time someone hear of a new quack . I be as sensible to this affliction as -- 14 . helen with aunt ev finger she dress , yank two button from it . aunt ev helena my button . ( continued ) 0 10 14 . continued helen push the button into the doll 's face . kate 0 now see , come swiftly to kneel , lift helen be hand to she own eye in question . kate eye ? helen nod energetically . she want the doll to have eye . another kind of silence now , while kate take pin and button from the sewing basket and attaches they to the doll as eye . keller stand , catch , and watch morosely , aunt ev blink and conceal she emotion by inspect she dress . aunt ev my goodness I , I be not decent . kate she do not know better , aunt ev. I will sew they on again . aunt ev ( indulgently ) 40 it 's worth a couple of button , kate , look . helen now have the doll with eye , and cannot contain herself for joy ; she rock the doll , pat it vigorously , kiss it . this child have more sense than all this man keller , if there 's ever any way to reach that mind of hers . 15 . helen suddenly scramble toward the cradle , and UN - hesitatingly overturn it . the swaddle baby tumble out and captain keller barely manage to dive and catch it in time . keller helen ! all be in commotion , the baby scream , but helen un - perturb be lie she doll in its place , kate on she ( continued ) I 11 15 . continued knee , pull she hand off the cradle , wring they ; 0 helen be bewilder . kate helen , helen , you be not to do such thing , how can I make you understand -- keller ( hoarsely , hand the baby to aunt ev ) Katie . kate how can I get it into you head , my darling , my poor -- keller Katie , some way of teach she a iota of discipline have to be kate ( flaring ) how can you discipline a afflict child ? be it she fault ? 0 helen be finger have flutter to she mother 's lip , vainly try to comprehend they movement ; we be close on this two . keller I do not say it be she fault . kate then whose ? I do not know what to dot how can I teach she , beat she -- until she 's black and blue ? keller it 's not safe to let she run around loose . now there must be a way of confine she , somehow , so she can not --- kate where , in a cage ? she 's a grow child , she have to use she limb ! keller answer I one thing , be it fair to mild here ? ( continuim ) 12 15 . continued 's kate ( inexorably ) be you willing to put she away ? now helen be face darken in the same rage as at herself earlier , and she hand strike at kate be lip . kate catch she again , and helen begin to kick , struggle , twist . keller now what ? kate she want to talk , like -- be like you and I . she hold helen struggle until we hear from the child she first sound so far , a inarticulate weird noise in she throat such as a animal in a trap might make ; and kate release she . the second she be free , helen blunder away collide violently with a chair , fall , and sit weep . kate come to she , embrace , caress soothes she , and bury she own face in she hair , until she can control she voice . 0 kate every day she slip further away . I do not know how to call she back . aunt ev oh , I have a mind to write to Boston myself . if that School can not help she , maybe they will know somebody who can . keller ( presently , heavily ) I will write to Perkins , Katie . he stand with the baby in he clasp , stare at helen be head , hang down on kate be arm . 16 . day . ext . boston station - shoot up into vestibule of train . m.r. anagnos on platform with anniee suitcase , be reach - ing up to help annie mount step . camera be behind annie . 0 ( continued ) 13 16 . C 013tinum anagnos 0 -- only that a suitable governess have be find here and will come . it will no doubt be difficult for you there , Annie , but it have be difficult for you at we school too hmmm ? 17 . camera in vestibule - see annie and anagnos from rear . anagnos ...° this be my last time to counsel you , Annie , and you do lack some -- by some I mean all -- what , tact , or talent to benct . to other . and what have save you on one or more occasion at Perkins be that there be nowhere to expel you to . above annieis seat anagnos put she suitcase , look - down at she . you eye hurt ? 0 18 . cu annie - wearing smoked glass . annie my ear , Mr. anagnos . anagnos ( severely ) nowhere but back to that dreadful place where child learn to be saucy . Annie , I know how unhappy it be there , but that battle be dead and do with . why not let it stay bury ? annie ( cheerily ) I think God must owe I a resur - rection . anagnos ( a bit shocked ) what ? 14 19 . annie tap her brow . annie 0 well , he keep digging up that battle . anagnos that be not a proper thing to say . Annie , be humble . he extend a gift to she .. you will need they affection , work - ing with this child . annie , not quite comprehend , look at gift . a gift with we affection . annie open a small box and see a garnet ring . she look up , blink , then down . annie dear Mr. anagnos , ( her voice be tremble ) I -- but she swallow over get the ring on she finger and cannot continue until she find a woebegone joke . 0 well , what should I say -- I be a ignorant , opinionate girl and everything I be I owe to you ? anagnos ( smile ) that be only half true , Annie . annie which half ? the train lurch . anagnos bend and kiss she on the cheek and say , anagnos Goodbye . Goodbye . annie ( she call after he loudly ) I will not give they any trouble . I will be so ladylike they will not notice I have come . ( continued ) 15 19 . continued 0 passenger behind annie turn reacting to she shout . she be conscious of this and sink down ' in seat . past annie , through window of train , we see anagnos join 5 or 6 blind girl on the platform , and the train depart . begin montage sequence of train shot . 20 . annie , traveling , sitting in seat of moving train . 21 . scene in filthy train , annie reading perkin report . seat different indicating another train . 22 . annie descending from train vestibule into darkness of station platform . in bg portion of sign " WASHINGTON " . 23 . annie attempting to sleep on a night train with perkin report over face . 24 . annie sitting on seat of moving train . suddenly train rush into a tunnel , and darkness come over the scene . young jimmie ( vo ) where be we go , Annie ? young annie ( vo ) jimmie . young jimmie ( vo ) where be we go ? young annie ( vo ) I say I be take care of you . young jimmie ( vo ) where we go ... dissolve to : 25 . stylized tewkesbury admission office . young jimmie and young annie be stand in front of desk . we do not see man sit behind desk , but we hear he voice . 25 . continued 11a13 ' S voice Annie Sullivan , age nine , virtually 0 blind ; jayne Sullivan , age seven , -- what 's the matter with you leg sonny ? girl it 's he hip , N ster , he be bear that way . be a ' s§ voice can not he walk without that crutch ? the girl shake she head . the end