the bucket list by Justin Zackham April 2005 registered wga - west all rights reserved you see , Mr. barne . it be because I have live very much , that I can now enjoy everything so well . -- Count mippipopolous " the Sun also rise " he not busy be bear , be busy die . -- Bob Dylan the himalayas Wide as all the world . tower and timeless and rumbling mutely into the sky to scrape the floor of heaven . we be glide between they as if on a cloud , and carter 's voice be quiet and humble and yet somehow make we feel as though he know a great many thing we do not . carter ( v.o . ) Edward perriman Cole die in May . it be a Sunday , in the afternoon , and there be not a cloud in the sky ... one mountain rise above the rest . a plume of ice and snow billow from its wedge - shape peak which thrust up into the jet stream . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) '' life be not measure by the breath we take , but by the moment that take we breath away . '' whoever say that know a thing or two . we be moving higher now as the mountain loom closer , draw we up its massive shoulder . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) even now , I can not claim to understand the measure of a life ... some people will tell you it 's how we be remember by history , or by the one we have leave behind . some believe it can be measure in faith . some say by love ... other folk say life have no meaning at all . we be only dust in the breeze . continuing over ridge and glacier towards the peak . CUT to : a ski pole - thrust through a crust of frozen snow the climber be wrap in a hood mountaineer suit and he face be protect by a oxygen mask and ski goggle . with great effort , he lift he right foot and plant it forward next to the ski pole , he thin breath sweep away by the exertion . he pause and lift he goggle to he forehead . his eye be blue and ringed with exhaustion as he turn to take in the view of the entire world beneath he ... carter ( v.o . ) what I can tell you be that , by any standard , Edward Cole live more in he last day on earth than most folk manage to wring out of a lifetime . lower the goggle , the climber turn back to the summit . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know that when he die he eye be close , and he heart be open ... and I know that he could hear the mountain ... the climber plant the second ski pole and take another agonizing step as we rise high above he until he become small on the face of the giant . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) and I know the mountain hear he in return . and we slowly fade to black ... CUT to : a cigarette ashing into a empty '' chock full o’ nut '' coffee can int . mccreath service CENTER - day carter chamber be a black mechanic in he late 50 's with a wear , but thoughtful demeanor . his job be beneath he and he 's know it for the last 30 year . he lean back against the El camino he be work on . manny ( 0.s. ) so then what happen ? his partner manny be beneath the car on a roller . he slide in and out of view over course of the follow ... carter tesla take he design to the richest man in town , mister j.p. Morgan . manny the stockbroker guy ? carter that 's right . Morgan be the major financier for tesla 's primary rival , a fellow by the name of Tom Edison . manny no way . carter between they , Morgan and Edison control the entire power grid for New York , Boston , Philadelphia , and so on . manny ( jingling he pocket ) so they have some serious jing . carter they have '' serious jing . '' which be why , when tesla walk into Mr. Morgan 's office and unveil a invention design to provide free , wireless electricity to the entire population of the planet - remember now , this be 1912 - mister Morgan have no choice but to finance it immediately . manny hold up . he agree ? carter without hesitation . manny but would not free energy put he out of business ? carter invariably . manny yo , that 's one stupid stockbroker . carter a year later , tesla invite Mr. Morgan out to Long Island , where he have nearly complete the first in a series of tower which would tap into the Earth and beam its energy through the air to a nearby receiver . manny crazy ... so what happen ? carter Morgan know the invention would make both tesla and himself famous beyond they wildest dream ... change human history forever . so , he do what anyone in he position would do . he go back to he office , make a few phone call , then home to he wife ... the next day tesla receive notice that Morgan have pull he funding . he be throw out on the street and the lab be demolish . the morning papers carry storey about tesla 's clinical insanity , quote '' anonymous source '' who claim to have see tesla consort with prostitute and demon . manny and Morgan protect he company . that 's so ... carter machiavellian ? I agree . manny I be gonna say wack , but whatever spanks you monkey . what happen to tesla ? carter he become a pariah . no one dare cross Morgan . nikola tesla live the rest of he life in isolation and die in poverty . the proverbial tree that fall without a sound . manny he never try to start over . Carter shake he head as the phone ring ... manny ( cont ’d ) yo , that 's a mess - up story . carter most true storey be . happy ending be for sucker . Carter light a new cigarette as he answer the phone ... carter ( cont 'd ) this be Carter ... hey , how be the interview ?... oh ... well , there 's plenty of fish in the ... Dr. Young ? ( more ) carter ( cont 'd ) what do he want ?... uh huh ... what do that mean ?... it can not be all that bad ... he take a drag of he cigarette then suddenly stop . his expression change as he listen ... carter ( cont 'd ) that 's not possible . he remove the butt from between he lip as smoke dribble from he mouth . he look at the cigarette for a moment then drop it to the floor . angle on the cigarette butt , slowly burn itself out . in the b.g. , manny pull himself out from under the car , stare up at Carter . carter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) today ? that 's no good , the team 's get they first scrimmage before ... yeah ... no , I know . okay ... yep. okay . manny yo , what the hell be that ? carter ( hang up the phone ) ah , it 's nothing , it 's just ... he step on the cigarette as he walk in a daze past manny and out the door of the garage into the blind day which fill the frame with its white light ... county director ( 0.s. ) come to order . Hudson County Planning board . dissolve to : a expensive looking copper thermos as the lid be unscrewe release a waft of rich steam which curl up into the wait nostril of edward cole who inhale deeply . edward kopi luwak . it 's the rarest beverage in the world . at a thousand buck a pound it better be . int . westchester county planning boardroom - day across the aisle , the county director be flanke by five fellow board member who go through the minutiae of beginning the meeting . Edward be in he mid to late 5us . he 's immaculately dress and groom , though he italian suit appear slightly too large for he gaunt frame . he unscrew a match cup from the bottom of the thermos and pour a small amount of the brew before hand it over to richard , one of several executive in Edward 's retinue . edward ( coax with he hand ) first the aroma . Richard bend he head to the cup , sniff it . edward ( cont 'd ) note the earthy tone and the complexity of the body . richard it 's just coffee , right ? county director mister Cole ? edward ( to Richard ) it 's not ' just coffee . 's watch Richard take a tentative sip . county director mister Cole . we be ready to begin . edward ( focus on Richard ) well ? richard ( clearly do not get it ) wow . really , uh , good . county director mister Cole ! edward ( to Richard ) you be a friggin 's philistine , you know that . grab the cup back and stand to face the board . edward ( cont 'd ) thank you , mister director , fellow board member . very much appreciate you take the time ... I be not big on sugarcoat , so you will forgive I if this come across as somewhere south of warm and fuzzy ... ( look directly at they ) all of you should be immediately and pointedly fire . they should haul you up by you boot-strap and dump you bloat salaries into the street . the appall decline of jefferson Hospital be a direct result of you gross incompetence and utter lack of fiscal erudition . county director I beg you pardon ! this -- edward okay , I get a deal . I be go to talk for a few minute , and the moment I speak the slight untruth you can shout I down . good ? Fair ? good ... you shop be hemorrhage cash . overhead cost be in the stratosphere . you lease and land cost be criminally overbid . one of the board member raise he hand to protest but the County director wave he off . edward ( cont 'd ) donation have atrophy to the point that you have fall hopelessly behind the tech curve in research , pediatrics , oncology , mri ... he pause and savor a long sip of he kopi luwak coffee , eyeball the board over the rim of the cup until he eyelid close in ecstasy from the flavor . edward ( cont 'd ) mmmm ... put simply , you hospital lose money every time a patient walk through the door . the board member range from uncomfortable to furious , though none say a word . edward ( cont 'd ) more truth ... the Cole Group be the large private hospital management firm in the region . we have a prove track record of corporate governance and exceed every requirement of the sarbane - Oxley Act ... we shop maintain state - of - the - art technology system , and wield unparalleled clout in negotiate with union and the insurance company ... what 's more we have privatize fifteen other public hospital in the past seven year , each of which now provide the high standard of medicine to they community . he pour a second cup of coffee and bring it to he lip . female board member despite be grossly understaffed ? edward ( pause before drink ) we employ the best of the best of the best . the stronger the staff , the less need there be for -- suddenly , he cough into the cup , spraying coffee onto the table . edward ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . pull a silk handkerchief to he lip as he suit search they pocket for tissue to wipe the table . county director what about bed ? there have be report that you increase the number of bed to the point of overpopulation . edward ( wiping coffee ) that 's because I run hospital , not bed and breakfast . the sole concern of my company be to provide the best health care in the world , which we do . ( more ) edward ( cont 'd ) the sole concern of my shareholder , who include three of you , I might add , be to turn a profit , which , as you know , we also do ... we method be stringent and effective and one have never suffer at the hand of the other , and you know it ... truths ? the truth be you need I boy and girl ... a fuck of a lot more than I need -- cough into the handkerchief again . county director mister Cole ? Edward stare in shock at the ugly puddle of clotted blood stain the white silk of the handkerchief ... CUT to : int . hudson valley oncology CENTER - day a pair of elevator door open at the far end of a long hallway emit a hulk man in a tailore black suit , lug a set of four massive suitcase as he count room number . this be thomas . int . hospital room - day Thomas barrel in , pass a curtain off area near the door , and drop the bag onto the empty bed next to the window . open the first suitcase , he set up the room with practice efficiency -- he plug in a cell phone cradle and set it on the bedside table along with a hi-tech alarm clock ... line half a dozen shoe and slipper down the length of the bed ... unload a stack of thick book on live with cancer , cancer treatment , cancer nutrition , new cancer protocol ... set a laptop computer on the table , surround it neatly with pen , notepad and Post -it ... place a massive , Royal classic copper coffee siphon on the window sill , along with copper-line cup and saucer and spoon and a dark wooden box cover in Arabic write and sumatran custom sticker ... voice be hear in the hallway - a commotion come closer . Thomas quickly remove a vase and flower . he jog through the separator curtain and into the bathroom where he fill the vase with water , completely miss the figure lie in the bed behind the curtain . 10 . the noise in the hallway be reach a fever pitch as Thomas emerge from the bathroom and nearly lose the vase as he see Carter lie in the near bed . carter ( eying the flower ) you should not have . he 's thin and draw and hook up to a network of tube and even he eyelash have fall out expose he sallow skin that 's dapple with angry chemo burn . there be flower everywhere and the wall behind he be a collage of get well card and photo of a girl soccer team . thomas I uh ... I be sorry . what be you do here ? carter you know , fight for my life ... you ? just as the hallway brigade burst into the room - see in silhouette and through the gap in the curtain - as doctor and nurse and handler hover over -- edward ( 0.s. ) ( from he gurney ) and tell holcomb I want to know more about this bleo-maya-something . doctor ( 0.s. ) bleomycin . edward ( 0.s. ) bleomycin . Thomas say it eat you lung . how do I stoke fear in the heart of my employee if I be breathe through a hole in my throat for the rest of my life . doctor ( 0.s. ) that 's not exactly what -- nurse ( 0.s. ) we be go to move you into the bed now . edward ( 0.s. ) I can do it myself goddammit . I be not dead yet . 11 . then a huge clatter be hear as Edward fall off the gurney . he swear bitterly as the doctor and nurse grab he quickly and lift he into the bed . edward ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) where the hell be Thomas ? thomas you ring my liege . push through the curtain , leave a gap through which Carter view Edward be sly into bed . edward you ditch I again . thomas wishful think on my part . edward you let this people drop I . do you see they drop I ? thomas I would not lose a testicle over it . edward that 's funny . that 's absolutely , goddamn hysteri-- lapse into a cough fit which double he over , allow he a look through the curtain at Carter . edward ( cont 'd ) who the hell be that ? carter who the hell be you ? thomas ( to Edward ) one thing at a time . lean back now . Edward and Carter glare at each other before Thomas gingerly lean he back into the bed . carter ( v.o. ) that be the first I laid eye on he . a inauspicious beginning to be sure , but most storey begin that way ... it get worse before it get better . CUT to : 12. int . holcomb 's office - day dr . holcomb be tall and ultra-confident with a runner 's physique and shoulder - length hair . he examine Edward 's brain scan on a light board . dr . holcomb luckily the tumor appear relegate to the surface of the brain . should not be to difficult to -- edward I just give you my leave nut , if you think I be go to let you crack my head open and -- dr . holcomb stop talk . edward ( glower ) beg you pardon ? dr . holcomb this be not a skinned knee . I can not fix it with a band - aid and a lollypop . choriocarcinoma travel through you bloodstream which mean it 's everywhere and it have almost finish kill you . they stare each other down . ego face off ... finally , Edward stand ... edward you 'il understand if I want a second opinion . he head for the door . dr . holcomb you do not have that kind of time . edward go fuck yourself . walk out . CUT to : int . hospital room - early morning electric clipper shave smooth avenue onto Edward 's scalp . his mood have not improve . 13 . edward there 's a guy in my room . nurse shing continue shave he head without a response . she 's asian , late-thirty with a quiet confidence bear of year comforting the sick and die . edward ( cont 'd ) I say there 's a guy in my room . ( point to the curtain ) right in there . nurse shing mmmm . edward I want he move . nurse shing mister Chambers bother you ? poke she head through the curtain to see Carter lie in bed read Robert massie 's Nicholas and alexandra . nurse shing ( cont ’d ) Carter , have you be bother mister Cole ? carter ( without look up ) who the hell be mister Cole ? edward it 's not a question of -- not to pull rank , but this be my hospital . which , at the very least , should rate I my own room . ( to Carter ) no offense . carter ( dismissive ) mmmm . nurse shing ( disapprove ) mmmm . edward what 's '' mmmm ? '' be that some kind of secret cancer code ? why do not you run down and tell doctor what 's he nut that I want to see he ay -sap . 14 . nurse shing ( brandish the clipper ) look bub , maybe this be you hospital , but this be my ward and we have strict rule . two bed to a room . no single room . no exception . edward ( catch himself ina mirror ) Jesus ... yeah , that be my rule , ( check she name tag ) Phyllis . I write the rule . nurse shing great , then you should not have any trouble remember they . Dr. holcomb will be in in a minute to dot you up . she walk out leave he with Carter who be chuckle to himself . Edward glare . carter no offense ... edward ( grumble ) mmmm . Carter chuckle some more ... CUT to : int . ready room - day Edward 's bald cranium have be clamp into a large , steel halo . a laser mark a point on he forehead and Dr. holcomb mark corresponding dot on he skin with a sharpie . dr . holcomb I be go to ask you to remember something for I . Edward be stare with disgust at he reflection in a glass window . edward oh yeah , what 's that ? dr . holcomb the young lion wait in a dream beneath the cold white lantern . 15 . edward what ? dr . holcomb the young lion wait in a dream beneath the cold white lantern . repeat it back to I . edward the young lion wait in a dream beneath the cold white lantern . what the hell do that mean ? dr . holcomb do not mean anything . it 's a memory test . any time we go near the brain ... there 's always a risk . this be how we will know if you have go vegetable on we .... again . edward ( seethe ) the young lion wait in a dream ... carter ( v.o . ) testicular cancer be almost unheard of for anyone over thirty , but then Edward always despise conformity . CUT to : int . operating theater - day as holcomb and he surgical team operate on Edward who lie in fragile stasis . carter ( v.o . ) by the morning of the surgery it have spread so far throughout he body that the doctor give he a five percent chance to live ... but then they do not account for how piss off they have make he . push into Edward 's inert face which , even under sedation , appear annoyed at the intrusion ... white dissolve to : the pale face of a beautiful woman 16 . int . hospital room - night peer down at Edward as he eye open slowly , wander in they socket before focus on the perfect visage hover over he . her name be anna , she 's 26 . anna there you be . he struggle to speak . anna ( cont 'd ) here . she lift a glass of water with a straw to he lip . he sip slowly . his head be wrap in bandage . anna ( cont 'd ) we have be so worried . you be asleep forever . edward how ...? do it ...? anna oh , they say it go really well . he cough . she draw back involuntarily , uncomfortable around sickness . he hear a noise and look over at Carter who be surround by he three child , lee , 26 , roger , 23 , and rachel , 13 . his wife virginia , 50' , sit at the end of the bed . all be talk quietly over plate of food . anna ( cont 'd ) they be so nice . she 's a nurse . they come to eat with he almost every night . I should -- the doctor say to page he when you wake up . his eye begin to close again ... anna ( cont 'd ) no wait , there 's something I have to -- he Pov fade out ... Virginia look over to see Anna kiss she hand and press it to Edward 's cheek . virginia everything all right , dear ? 17 . anna he fall asleep before I could tell he . virginia I be sure he will understand . anna it 's only a few month , right ? it 's not like I be never come back . it 's obvious she 's never come back . anna ( cont 'd ) I guess I will ... virginia ( to she family ) we should probably push off too . ( to Carter ) if you need any more book -- carter Nah , I be good all the way up to stalin . lay he hand on a impressive stack of book atop he bedside table , all concern early 20th century Russia . carter ( cont 'd ) oh , Todd Phillips call . he be ask about the -- virginia already take care of it . he nod he thanks . barely meet she eye . rachel I can not come on Saturday . we have get the semi 's against Newark . carter that 's right ... watch out for they front line , and they sweeper like to take the ball up the field . rachel all the girl wish you could be there . Virginia put a light hand on Rachel 's shoulder , caution she not to upset he . 18 . carter you lady be much better off without I . coach Sanders know ten time more about the game as I do . rachel everyone know that 's not true ... I love you , daddy . kiss he , follow by she brother , all exchange heartfelt '' I love you 's . '' finally , Virginia take he hand . he grasp it briefly , without any intimacy . she lean over to kiss he , but the closeness be awkward . her eye fall as she kiss he cheek , feel the lack . carter ( 0.s. ) what be a blackberry ?... what be lingonberries ?... who be halle Berry ?... CUT to : int . hospital room - day Edward open he eye to see the television be turn on to Jeopardy . Carter be sit up in bed , fire the answer back at the screen . edward ( barely a whisper ) Excuse I ... ( stronger ) Excuse I . ( a hoarse shout ) I beg you pardon ! carter huh ? oh. ( lower the volume ) Doc want you to wake up , say I should not pussyfoot . just as Dr. holcomb enter like a zephyr . dr . holcomb so , it could not have go better . we get in , get out and the tumor come back benign . all that remain now be to make sure you be not mentally -- 19 . edward the dumbass lion wait in a dream beneath the stupid white lantern . Dr. holcomb nod approvingly . Marks the chart . dr . holcomb surliness be a good sign . how 's the catheter feel ? he check the integrity of the bulg plastic drain implant into the center of Edward 's sternum . edward like someone take a dump in my chest . dr . holcomb ( barely listen as he scribbles on the chart ) wonderful . okay , we save you brain , now we be go to kill you body . you marker be through the roof so I would like to begin the first course of chemo in the morning . good ? edward I can not wait . Dr. holcomb 's expression do little to hide the fact that Edward have no idea what he 's in for . holcomb surge for the door ... carter say , Doc . do you think you could - dr . holcomb I be sorry . I be run late . walk out . carter ( to Edward ) Real mother theresa , that one . Edward try to sit up but be hold in place by the web of tube run in and out of he body . carter ( cont 'd ) I would not do that if I be you . edward I have a choice ? 20 . Carter turn back to Jeopardy . Edward take a moment to accept he situation , then turn he head and study Carter . edward ( cont 'd ) how long have you be here ? carter what be the quadratic equation ! ( to Edward ) huh ? oh , in and out for the last few month . edward have it be uncomfortable ? carter which part ? edward the chemo . carter they say it 's different for everyone . once you get use to the ‘round the clock vomit and watch you vein turn black and the feel that you bone be make of napalm , it 's not bad at all . edward ( pale slightly ) fantastic . carter say , I be meaning to ask you , what the hell be that contraption over there ? point over to the high - tech coffee maker . edward it 's a siphon . make coffee . fumble he hand for the nurse call button . carter I figure that much . what else it do ? edward nothing . just coffee . 21 . carter I ' 1ll be damned ... do you know that coffee be originally discover by a shepherd in ethiopia ? Edward just stare at he ... Carter continue , as much for he own pleasure as for Edward 's edification ... carter ( cont 'd ) his goat have be eat the cherries of a unfamiliar bush and soon become unmanageable , run and jump all over creation . the shepherd chew some of the leave which give he a strange vitality so he take some branch to the local monastery where the abbot decide to roast they . when the cherries start to burn , the bean inside produce such a pleasant aroma that they brew they into a stew which eventually spread to Columbia , Asia , even Sumatra , like that hooch you get over there . edward it 's call kopi luwak . carter I know what it be . edward you have try it ? carter ( make a face ) not even if I be die of thirst in the gobi desert . edward why not , it 's the most expensive -- carter I be more of a instant coffee man . Edward 's i.v. tube have become tangle in the call button . Carter roll he eye , but ease himself creakily out of bed and shuffles over to untangle they expertly . edward you wife 's a nurse ? carter twenty -six year . use to work in this ward . 22 . edward retired ? carter in a manner of speak . hand Edward the call button and shuffles back to he bed . edward what happen ? carter you fire she , when this become '' you '' hospital . CUT to : a large i.v. of fluid - feeding into edward 's catheter int . hospital room - night as Thomas begin to unpack a stack of aluminum container from Il mulino . spoon the content onto a large plate . thomas okay , we get prosciutto de parma , some fresh mozzarell 's , and bruno throw in some of that fry artichoke crap you froth over . edward guidea . and the meat ? thomas double veal chop with lobster truffle oil risotto . carter you sure you want to eat all that ? he 's watch they through thin eye as he work he way through he own i.v. edward I be a bottomless pit . it 's true , I could eat twice this much if some people be not such goddamn nursema -- he 's cut off as Thomas clear he throat loudly . 23 . edward ( cont 'd ) what ? ( to Carter ; off Thomas 's look ) oh. uh , you want Thomas to make you a plate ? Tommy , fix a plate for mister , uh -- carter Carter . edward right . carter pass . edward yeah ? it 's the best in New York . carter good enough to taste it twice ? Thomas put the plate in front of Edward who pick up a piece of fry artichoke ... edward you know what they say , live well be the best revenge . carter revenge for what ? Edward pop the artichoke in he mouth , grin as he chew . edward whadd ’ya get ? CUT to : edward - puking he kidney out int . hospital room - night as he sumptuous dinner hit the floor with the force of a hurricane . he 's moan and spitting as he climb out of bed and make for the bathroom but he i.v. tube jerk he back and he end up on the floor where he unleash another torrent . after a moment , he look up to see Carter watch he evenly . edward I feel like I be die . 24 . carter you be . wince as Edward vomit again . dissolve to : int . hospital room - day Edward be in bed and cover in sweat as he shiver uncontrollably . his eyebrow be go and the first chemo burn bloom above he right eye . Carter be curl up in he own bed as he turn the last page of Vladimir ilyich lenin : a poem by mayakovsky then place it atop a stack of complete book on the floor . dissolve to : int . hospital room - night Carter stare up at the collage of photo and card tape to the wall above he head . he remove a photograph of he daughter 's soccer team . he 's see stand proudly in the back row wear a coach 's hat and a whistle around he neck . Edward groan in he sleep and wrestle with he sheet . the bandage have be remove from he head , which be now scar and litter with uneven patch of stubble . Carter look over at he until he settles . dissolve to : int . hospital room - day a new stack of book relate to the Civil War tower atop Carter 's bedside table as nurse shing remove a empty i.v. bottle from the stand . carter so , that 's the end of it ? nurse shing fourth and final round . couple more test and we will see where we stand . carter how long ? 25 . nurse shing soon as I can get Dr. gibian to look at they . I be on for another hour . anything you need . carter thanks Phyllis . she head out as he check he watch . carter ( cont 'd ) mind if I turn this on ? Edward be sit up in bed , haggard but lucid as he type angrily on he laptop , sip a cup of coffee . he wave he hand dismissively . Carter turn the television on to Jeopardy and become immediately engross ... carter ( cont 'd ) what be the great divide ?... what be somnambulism ?... who be Warren harding ?... Edward pause in he type . glance over at Carter ... edward do you ever miss one ? carter ( shrug modestly ) I miss one last week . Edward study he for a moment before turn back to he computer . dissolve to : int . hospital bathroom - day Edward kneel on the floor , head rest on the toilet seat , fast asleep . he 's wake by voice come from the room . he weakly push open the door to see who it be . rachel ++.- get the corner kick which Karen put right in the box and Angela head it straight into the net . int . hospital room - day Rachel sit on Carter 's bed . he 's elate at the news . 26 . carter so who you play in the championship ? rachel ( glumly ) Essex . carter oh. rachel yeah . carter I 's all have to do some homework on ‘em . Edward shuffles out of the bathroom . edward sorry . he 's a mess as he slowly make he way around the bed as Virginia walk in from the hallway ... virginia Three month I be go and this place have go to the dog . there be not a M.D. within - - almost walk into Edward ... edward Excuse I . -..as he shuffles over to he bed and wrestle with the cable and tube . she watch he for a moment then , despite herself , move to help he . virginia Nice and easy . she clear a path then help he ease into bed . edward thank you . virginia mmmm . edward mmmm . do not you people use word anymore ? 27 . virginia you people ? edward nurse . I mean -- forget it . virginia ( walk away ) forget yourself . edward I beg you pardon . virginia you can beg all you want , you be not gettin’ it . edward how dare you talk to I that way . virginia I will talk to -- I do not work for you anymore '' mister Cole '' so do not think for a hummingbird heartbeat you put the quake in my boot with you fat voice because all you be do be take up oxygen . carter ' gin - virginia I do not think so . ( back to Edward ) it 's be two day since a doctor 's look in on my husband and you of all people have the nerve to condescend to we ... I have be a nurse my entire adult life with a ringside seat to more human tragedy than any woman should have to bear and I have learn that the one thing in this world worse than die be stare you life 's end in the face with no one beside you but a nurse you have know for a week who 's be pay to hold you hand ... I do not wish that on you , Mr. Cole , I would not wish it on anyone , but I know what I know about this thing , and you might want to make what ever peace you can with god and give back just a little bit of the respect you so desperately demand , because as far as I can tell , you be go to die alone . 28 . Edward 's eye betray he for a brief moment , just enough for she to see she 's laid he wide open . her regret be immediate . she turn to see everyone stare at she include Thomas who have just enter from the hallway carry several chinese take out bag . thomas Peking duck ? CUT to : int . hospital room - night the copper coffee maker reflect a single light source in the otherwise darken room . Edward stare at the machine from he bed , eye lose in the gleam metal . the reflection shift and Edward roll over to see Carter adjust he read light . edward what be you read ? carter Book on Robert small . edward never hear of he . carter he be a conscript slave aboard a confederate steamship , the planter . one night he and some of the crew smuggle they family aboard and steal it right out from under the rebel 's nose . he turn it over to the Union navy who make he a captain . by the end of the war he have rise to the rank of General and later become the second African - american to serve in Congress . edward quite a life . carter ( agree ) quite a life . edward I do not like book . 29 . carter you be joke . edward I never see the point . History 's just ... history . I would rather make it than read about it . carter how 's that come along ? make any yet ? edward I have do alright for myself . carter ( dubious ) all you dream fulfil ? edward pretty much , yes . what about you ? carter not exactly . we be practically kid ourselves when my first boy come alone . Young , break and black , you take the first job they offer you . thirty year go by in a heartbeat . edward would you change it ? carter I love my child , if that 's what you mean . edward I be sure you do . but you be a smart guy , must have have a plan for you life before they come along . Carter think a moment , then reach into the drawer of he bedside table and remove he well - wear wallet . he pull a small square of yellow paper out from a pocket and unfold it gently in he hand . carter I make this in high school . Creative write class . some kind of exercise to get we to think about something besides chase skirt . he slip out of bed and hand it across to Edward . 30 . edward ( read ) '' Carter 's bucket list '' ... you be not much on penmanship . carter have not improve , I assure you . edward I do not understand what this be . carter I be try to be funny , I guess . it 's a list of thing to do before I kick the bucket . edward ( still read ) '' make a million dollar . run for president . '' carter I do not say it be realistic . edward '' help a complete stranger for the good ? '' how philanthropic . carter ( shrug ) I be sixteen . edward what 's the one about the mountain ? hand the list back . carter ( without look ) '' listen to the mountain and be hear . '' that 's from my uncle . second World War he squadron fly supplies through the himalayas into China . call they the hump pilot ... most non - combat casualty of any unit in Air Force history ... you can honestly say you have accomplish everything you ever dream about ? edward ( shrug ) I be a millionaire a dozen time over . ( more ) 31 . edward ( cont 'd ) I grow my company from the ground up , build my own house , sell it , build a bigger house . carter money be not everything . edward no , but it sure take the edge off be miserable all the time . carter what about you wife ? edward which one ? we be talk about dream , not nightmare . carter there 's get to be something you have not do . edward dream be for teenager . let 's face it , we have have we time and we do what we do with it . we be all out of wish . the geny leave we magic lamp a long time ago . carter ( after a beat ) suit yourself . he get back into bed and slip the list between the page of he book . Edward watch he for a moment , then turn back to stare at the coffee maker . CUT to : the sound of a baseball game int . hospital room - day Carter hide behind the sport section of a local newspaper , highlight piece of a article on the Essex girl soccer team . edward ( 0.s. ) come on you pansy , it 's one out , how hard can it be ? 32 . Carter lower the paper just enough to reveal Edward lie on he stomach with he head propped on a pillow at the foot of the bed , stretch he tube and cable to the limit as he yell at the yankee game on the tv . a Red Sox player bloops a single . Edward be beside himself . edward ( cont 'd ) that 's just ... that 's ... I can not take much more of this ! Carter 's feeling be commensurate as he put on a pair of head phone and listen to mozart 's requiem lacrymosa . he finish the article and reach down for a second newspaper when he see holcomb stand at the foot of Edward 's bed . holcomb 's face be pinch and somber as he speak ... Edward listen implacably , he face impossible to read . Carter slide the headphone off to listen ... dr . holcomb we be not give up . there be some experimental program we be conduct and I think you would be a excellent -- edward doc. dr . holcomb -- candidate . it 's cut edge medicine . the odd be against you , but - edward Doctor holcomb . dr . holcomb yes ? edward you be block my view . dr . holcomb oh. sorry . holcomb step to the side of the television . stare for a beat ... dr . holcomb ( cont ’d ) well , if you have any question . 33 . wait another beat then start for the door . edward ( eye never leave the screen ) one question . dr . holcomb of course . edward Carter ? carter yeah ? edward ' something you need from Dr. holcomb ? dr . holcomb I be sorry , I be not mister Carter 's -- edward you be now . holcomb stare at he but Edward 's attention never leave the screen . finally , holcomb lift Carter 's chart from the foot of the bed and flip through several page . after several moment , he shoulder drop and he look up at Carter and shake he head slowly . dr . holcomb I be sorry , mister Carter . accord to this you marker have not stabilize . Carter take it in , though it 's the answer he expect . carter how long ? dr . holcomb several month . a year if you be lucky . as I be just tell Edward , we have a experimental program which have have some very positive -- carter sure , Doc . whatever you think . dr . holcomb I be truly sorry . 34 . Carter just nod and replace the headphone over he ear as holcomb make he exit . carter ( v.o . ) there be a survey once , a hundred people be ask , if they could , would they want to know in advance the day of they death . out of the hundred , ninety - six of they say no . Carter close he eye as the music wash over he . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I never understand that . I always think it would be liberate , know exactly how much time you have leave to work with . a tear escape onto he cheek and he look over at Edward who be stare back at he over he shoulder . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) so now I know . neither say a word and Edward finally turn back to the game . fade out . int . hospital room - day close on carter ; fast asleep . a square of sunlight move across he eye until he open they and squint into the white light . he roll over , away from the window and face - to -face with a single sheet of yellow paper propped up against he tower of book . he pull the paper close to he eye and see the title : '' edward bucket list . '' carter I all be damned . just as Edward bustles out of the bathroom , arm fill with toiletry . edward think you would never get up . carter ' time be it ? Edward dump the toiletry in he half - pack suitcase . 35 . edward six twenty - four . I have be up since -- I have have a lot on my mind . carter ( be : the paper ) so I see . edward not bad , huh ? carter ( read ) a hot dog eat contest ? '' kiss the most beautiful woman in the world ? '' how you figure on do that ? edward that 's one of the tough one . we 'il figure it out . carter do not take this the wrong way , but this be a little ... shallow ? edward you be out of you mind , there 's some great stuff on there . what kind of tattoo do you think I should get ? carter none , actually ... I think you misunderstand - edward no , I understand you perfectly . you whole unfulfilled dream thing be great for someone with a few decade in front of he , but I be look at week , month if I be lucky . ( as Thomas enter , bewilder ) about time . Thomas turn and walk out . Edward go after he , push he back into the room . edward ( cont 'd ) pack it up , Tommy . we be blow this popsicle stand . ( to Carter ) ( more ) 36 . edward ( cont 'd ) you list be a little unrealistic so I take the liberty of pare it down a little . turn the paper over revealing Carter 's original list which now have several of the item cross off in red ink - '' run for President '' , etc . carter what do you -- you have no right -- edward I get they both down to ten a piece so if we budget we time properly we should be able to bang ‘em all out before one of we kick it . thomas ( with a armful of business suit ) do you want this arrange by color as usual or -- edward forget ‘em . I be only about comfort from here on out . I dunno , give ‘em to some orphan or something . thomas orphans ? you have be mixing medication again . carter you do not seriously think -- I be be metaphorical , you know , take stock , try to understand something about -- edward blah , blah , blah . metaphor be for tea - drinker who read poetry out loud to they sister . you say yourself you have not do anything . this be you last chance . carter to make a fool of myself ? edward to have you own life . to spend what time you have leave remember what it feel like to have a future , rather than wallowing in the past as a guinea pig in holcomb 's bullshit science experiment . 37 . Carter stare at the floor , he mind racing ... carter you think it 's bullshit ? edward you know it be ... what do you think , Tommy . you be in we shoe , what would you do ? Carter look up at Thomas who think for a moment ... thomas I think it 's the dumbest idea I have ever hear ... and you be fool if you do not do it . Carter stare at he ... int . hospital hallway - day empty save for a slow - move nurse or two until Edward burst out of the room with a full head of steam follow by Thomas , once again laden with luggage , and Carter who carry a small bag and a armful of book . Edward make for the elevator as Carter struggle to catch up to he . carter what about my family ? edward what about they ? carter I can not just abandon they . edward why , because you have be do such a great job support they from the cancer ward ? carter no , I just -- hall nurse ( rush to stop they ) Excuse I ? Excuse I ! where do you think you be go ? 38 . edward ( not break stride ) we be checkin’ out . tell holcomb he can take he experimental program and shove it where the sun do not shine . nurse shing come out of the nurse Station . nurse shing I be sorry , mister Cole , we can not let you leave without -- edward without a doctor 's write authorization . also my rule . nurse shing then you will understand my need to enforce it . edward certainly . in fact , Tommy here 's get a doctorate in ... what the hell 's it in again ? thomas Education . edward Education , fantastic ! ( to Thomas ) really , education ? what the hell you do work for I again ? thomas if I have a nickel for -- edward anyway , nurse Phyllis . see as section fourteen , paragraph three of Cole Medical 's operation guideline fail to stipulate the kind of practitioner necessary to facilitate a release , Doctor Tommy promise to return with a note granting we we freedom post haste . she stop at the elevator door as the other three pack inside . edward ( cont 'd ) ( take Carter 's book ) you will not be need that . 39 . carter ( to nurse shing ) tell my wife -- he 's cut off as the door close . ext . hospital - day Edward help Thomas load the luggage into the trunk of the wait limousine . edward it 's not like we be fly off around the world , at least not at first . I figure we knock out the one we can do locally before head over to Europe , then Africa and -- carter I can not go to Africa . edward why not ? I think all black people dream of go back to the homeland . carter it 's not that . it 's -- I have never be on a airplane . edward ( climb inside the limo ) you be joke I . carter ( stop at the door ) no. I be not . edward you should have put that on the list . he pull Carter inside and the door close . carter ( v.o. ) and so it begin ... as the big limo roar away , the sound of which become ... the roar of a enormous crowd CUT to : edward and carter - in the CENTER of the throng 40 . Edward be electrify with nervous energy while Carter look like he would rather be anywhere else . edward okay , so I figure middle of three then we go . you ready ? carter no . edward good . he , along with everyone else around they , look off in the distance . carter I want to go back ... I be serious , have you man -- where be he ? ( look around ) have he take I back to the hospital . edward forget it . carter ( grab he ) no you forget it . this be not rational . edward of course it 's not rational , that 's why it 's so exciting . ( the crowd groan ) that 's we cue . you ready ? carter no ! Edward start unbuttone he shirt . ext . yankee stadium - night as the yankee outfielder jog out to they position . the crowd suddenly roar as the leave fielder pass a naked man who be jogging and wave across the grass . Carter hold Edward 's clothes , stare in disbelief as Edward take a victory lap towards right field . carter oh lord . 41 . Stadium security guard hustle out after Edward , force he to veer towards deep center field . the crowd boo , as it appear they have he trap , until he throw a fake on one of he pursuer who trip in the grass much to the crowd 's delight . Edward 's head back into leave but the nypd have join the chase and they be close in fast . Edward try another fake , but he 's tackle by a burly police officer who bring he to the ground . a second officer help bring Edward 's arm behind he back when something suddenly knock he off he foot and into he fellow officer . int . carter 's house - night Rachel do she homework while Roger study for the L - sat . the ball game be turn down low on the television . Rachel be stick on a particularly heinous geometry equation when she brother start smack she arm . rachel ow ! what have you do that for ? roger look ! he turn the volume up on the television where Carter be see streaking away from the fall policeman , clutching he genitals with a look of incredulous fear on he face . brother and sister share a look before - rachel roger Mom ! Mom ! ext . yankee stadium - night Edward streak after Carter , whooping and holler . Carter be actually beginning to enjoy himself until he pull up short . Edward come to a stop next to he . carter oh crap . they turn and run for the stand follow closely by several dozen security and police officer CUT to : 42 . int . police station - night Virginia walk up to the sergeant 's desk . virginia I be here to post bail for my husband . the night sergeant barely look up from he paperwork as he hand she a clipboard . night sergeant down the hall , second door on the right . sign here . she be less than pleased . int . police book room - night as Virginia count out several hundred - dollar bill then hand they to wait book officer . book officer and if you could sign here , that should do it . again , Virginia sign she name where instruct as the officer speak into a microphone . book officer ( cont ’d ) release for Chambers , number three . ( to Virginia ) it will be just a second . Virginia walk to a chair across the room from where Edward wait dress in prison pajamas and Thomas 's overcoat . edward for the record it be my fault . I talk he into it . virginia he 's not a grow man ? edward even so , I would like to pay you back for the bail , if -- virginia that 's not necessary . edward really , it 's the least I can -- 43 . virginia you have do quite enough , mister Cole . Carter spend thirty year kill himself with that cigarettes . if the lord see fit to give he a second chance I would like it to be home with he family where he belong , not in prison , and certainly not with you . edward he have not tell you . the door to the hold cell open with a clang as Carter be ushere out by a guard . he 's dress in prison pajamas and cling to a blanket as he shiver uncontrollably . virginia ( to Carter ) told I what ? ext . police station - night Virginia wipe tear from she face as she walk resolutely to she car . Carter follow she , watch Edward as Thomas help he to the limo . virginia I be take you back to the hospital . see about get you into Dr. holcomb 's -- carter I can not . she open the driver 's side door . Carter stop on the passenger 's side . virginia do not play with I . carter gin’ , you do not understand . he see Edward wait at the limo door , watch Carter . virginia ( see Edward watch ) I understand plenty . you two think you can run off and act like child because you time 's up so nothing matter anymore . why do not you tell you child that ? see what they have to say when they find out you have give up on they . 44 , carter give up ?! I have spend my life give up everything to this family . thirty year grease up under the hood of a car to see that they do not want for nothing ! and they do not , ' gin ... I give up every last one of my ambition and I would not take any of it back , but if I be gonna die , I would like to go out with some idea of who I could have be ... of who I be . virginia you be my husband . carter I know it . I just wish I know what that mean anymore ... he turn and walk over to the limo . he take a last look at he incredulous wife then climb inside . CUT to : carter 's Pov - central new jersey see from 8,000 feet ext . SMALL airplane - day we see he through one of the window . feeling queasy , he shut the blind . int . SMALL airplane - day close on carter ; wear a helmet and struggle with the top of a child - proof prescription pill bottle . kyle ( 0.s. ) need a hand ? carter no , I get it ... ( to no avail ) dammit ! throw the bottle to the floor . it roll towards the cockpit where Edward be see from the back , talk with the pilot . carter ( cont 'd ) ( about all of it ) fool ... so foolish ... kyle ( 0.s. ) wanna try to get it ? 45 . pull back to reveal kyle , young and brawny , sit immediately behind Carter . in fact , Carter be literally sit in Kyle 's lap . carter how do you suggest we do that ? Kyle stand suddenly - he 's huge , about 6 ’5 '' and Carter be bound to he torso via a series of nylon jump strap . as he foot dangle , Carter pitch forward until he upper-body be almost horizontal while he hip be still vertically strapped to Kyle . Kyle duck - walk the suspend Carter over to the prescription bottle . Carter extend he arm down but the bottle roll out of he grasp and into Edward 's outstretch hand . Carter look up at he . Edward appear as if he have not touch a razor in day . carter ( cont 'd ) not a word . ( grab the bottle ) back to the chair , Kyle . Kyle waddle back to the chair . Carter almost hit he head on the fuselage . edward ( to Kyle ) you will have to forgive he , Kyle . he 's on the out with the wife . kyle ( sympathetic hand on Carter 's knee ) be there , man . carter some thing be not up for discussion . edward I understand . the co- pilot come out and strap himself to Edward 's back . co- pilot thirty second to drop . 46 . edward ( to Carter ) she 's tough , you wife . that 's good . the sequel be tough like that . carter the sequel ? edward the second Mrs. Edward Cole . God that woman hate I . carter ( sarcastic ) I can not imagine why . kyle maybe because he call she the sequel . carter thank you , Kyle . edward know what I learn ? that independence be the only true gauge of human virtue ; what a man be and what he make of himself . not what he have or have not do for other . as the co- Pilot pull the door open , fill the cabin with whipping wind . Kyle stand and move they closer to the door . Carter eye the abyss outside . Edward be nonpluss . co- pilot Fifteen second . fourteen . thirteen . edward ( to Carter ) there 's no substitute for personal dignity . carter ( terrify ) could you shut up ?! co- pilot ten. nine . eight . Kyle lower goggle over Carter 's face . carter I can not do this . 47 . edward sure you can . co- pilot five . four. Three . carter I can not do this ! he scream as Kyle jump and they disappear out the door . Edward watch they fall away then don he goggle ... co-pilot here we go . ext . SMALL airplane - day as they leap from the plane , free-falling into the ether . everything go quiet save for the flap of they jump suit . the co- Pilot dive towards Kyle and Carter , whose scream grow louder as they approach , and lock hand so that Carter and Edward be once again face to face . edward this be amazing ! Carter 's too busy be terrify to respond . co- pilot cord in five second . he and Kyle separate , get distance between they ... kyle you wanna do it ? carter no ! kyle just let ‘er rip ! Carter be unsure which cord be which , so he pull everything . he 's jerk to a stop as both main and emergency chute billow open . Edward and the co- Pilot continue to drop , watch they counterpart 's dueling chute flap high above . 48 . edward amazing . nine toe in the grave he 's still afraid to let go . co- pilot okay , let 's deploy . edward right there 's the piss of it . when you be live for someone else you can not help but be careful ... no progress in careful . co- pilot we be in the red zone . edward I be in love once . co- pilot pull the damn cord ! but Edward just close he eye , spread he arm out , and let god decide . CUT to : impact - of a angrily slamming door ext . jump school - day the furious , muffle swear of the co-pilot be hear from within the building as Edward and Carter walk towards the limo . Edward have take out the bucket list . with the red pen he cross off '' jump out of a perfectly good airplane '' just below '' streak yankee Stadium , '' both on he side of the list . edward two down . eighteen in the pipe . how you feel ? carter ( horrible ) terrific . edward ( oblivious ) I too . who would believe that only yesterday we be rotting in a cancer ward ? 49 . thomas back in one piece I see . how fortunate . edward we live to die another day . ( to Carter ) I be hungry . be you hungry ? CUT to : hot dog - hundred of they boiling in a vat ext . coney island - day it 's the annual nathan famous hot Dog eat Contest . participant and onlooker mill beneath a stripe tent . Edward wear a contestant 's badge . Carter watch as Thomas massage Edward 's shoulder . edward I be tell you , I get it in the bag . thomas you be a bottomless pit . edward goddamn right I am. ( to Carter ) ' sure you do not want in ? carter I be quite sure I be out of my league on this one . edward suit yourself . hey , when I be do here , we will go to that Russian place . get some of that caviar you be talk about . carter we will see . a whistle sound and Edward join the other contestant behind a dozen long table laid out end to end . before each contestant be a tray of dozen of hot dog in bun . Edward look over at the tiny female korean contestant stand next to he . tries to stare she down . Carter and Thomas watch from the crowd .. carter ( cont 'd ) you boss , he 's not all there , be he ? 50 . thomas his relationship with sanity have its little hiccup ... still , you gotta admire he pluck . Edward continue to stare down the hundred pound Korean woman . edward you be go down , sister . the whistle sound and the contestant dive in . CUT to : ext . winner 's podium - day where the tiny Korean woman raise she arm in victory as a judge drape a medal over she head . ext . coney island - day Edward lag behind Carter and Thomas as they head back to the car . Edward be gripe over the outcome ... edward and what be this dip the bun in water crap . if you be go to eat it , eat it ... screw this , I be go back . turn back towards the tent then stop cold . thomas what 's the problem ? edward I do not feel so good . thomas so that 's a no on the caviar ? edward go fuck yourself , Tommy . thomas try my best sir . CUT to : edward unleashing a tremendous belch 51 . int . tattoo parlor - day he and Carter be stare at a wall of tacky tattoo art . edward I do not know . the skull be kind of cool but maybe I be more of a confederate flag kind of guy . carter I do not know you be from the south . edward Connecticut actually . we side win , I can wear any flag I want . what be you go to get ? carter ( not into it ) I can not think of anything meaningful . edward what 's meaningful ? we be gonna be dead in five minute . the heavily ink tattoo artist look up at they from behind the counter . edward ( cont 'd ) not literally . carter Nah , I think I be gonna -- edward you can not keep pass on thing . we be suppose to be in this together . carter tattoos and hot dog be not exactly what I have in mind . edward so what do you have in mind ? something metaphorical ? something life-changing ? oooh . ahhh ... lighten up , already . this be suppose to be fun . carter fun be fine . I have no problem with fun , I just imagine there would be more behind this than pretend we be nine year - old 's again . 52 . edward nine year old 's do not have tattoo . carter that 's a wonderful argument . edward ( to the tattoo artist ) be I right ? tattoo artist my kid 's get three of ‘em . edward you must be incredibly proud ... that 's it ! I get it ! CUT to : int . tattoo parlor - day Edward wince in pain as the tattoo artist ink he shoulder blade . Carter 's read one of he book . edward so fine , we will do a '' grow - up '' one next . carter that 's not the point . edward then what be ? he suddenly erupt into a cough fit . tattoo artist I can not do this if you keep move . edward sorry , I will tell the cancer to take the day off . tattoo artist ( pull back ) you guy get cancer ? edward do not worry , it 's the non-contagious kind ... chop chop , we do not have much time . carter I be go to call Virginia . 53. the tattoo artist grunt in response and plunge the needle into Edward 's back . he grit he tooth , contain the scream . Carter can not help but smile a little as he dial the phone . CUT to : ext . auto race track - day Edward examine the reflection of he tattoo in the window of a pristine mustang Shelby gt . edward it 's not bad , it 's just ... do I really look that -- carter Old ? both be dress in racing suit . edward I be go to say tired . still , it 's a pretty good likeness . for the first time we see the tattoo - it 's Edward , scowling out from he own shoulder . edward ( cont 'd ) and you can not tell I it 's not meaningful . carter not where you be concerned , no . edward ( look at the car ) this what you want ? Carter grin as he nod and pull on he helmet . carter ready for a ass -whuppin’ ? Edward replace the bandage and zip he suit up . his burgeon facial hair have be shave into giant elvis chop . edward we will see . 54 . he walk around the mustang to the wait lamborghini murcielago roadster . nearly one of a kind , it 's more rocket than automobile . edward ( cont 'd ) first one to a hundred mile . loser busy dinner . carter I be have dinner at home tonight . edward of course you be . slip into the car , close the gull - wing door behind he . int . mustang - day Carter climb into the car . check the gauge as he run he hand along the beautifully refurbish dash . carter now this be more like it . edward ( filter ) grown - up enough for you ? Carter pull on he helmet . adjust the microphone in front of he mouth . carter you sure we be clear for this ? the lamborghini come to life , whining like a aircraft engine . edward it 's take care of . why , you want to pass again ? Carter turn the ignition on the mustang . it 's growl be guttural and primal . carter you be in my world now . see you at dinner . ext . race track - day as the mustang drench the lamborghini in a shower of dirt and rock as it fishtail out onto the track . 55 . int . lamborghini - day windshield wiper clear the dirt as Edward struggle to put the car in gear . edward so it 's like that , be it ? the gear grind as he work the stick . finally get the car in gear as Carter be hear over the headset , cackle for joy . on the track ; where the mustang scream around a turn , take a line close to the infield where the lamborghini hiccup in fit and start towards the track . in the lamborghini ; Edward wrestle with the stick ... edward ( cont 'd ) come on , you stupid -- the car jerk forward onto the tarmac , right in the path of the oncoming ... in the mustang ; Carter hit the gas , take the car low across the infield , narrowly miss the lamborghini before he roar back onto the track . Carter grin into he rearview mirror , see Edward 's car swerving across the track behind he . in the lamborghini ; Edward 's try to control the car . carter ( 0.s. ) it 's a racing set up . steer with the throttle . edward which one 's the throttle ? he 's about to hit the wall until he mash the gas and the car suddenly launch down the track . down the track ; Edward pull even with the mustang . edward ( cont 'd ) so we be have fun now ? carter it 's a nod in the right direction . the mustang jump ahead , cut the lamborghini off . 56 . edward you know what you problem be ? carter I be sure you will enlighten I . the lamborghini cut around and pull even again . edward you be the guy behind the chair at the poker table . carter come again ? edward you know , the one who stand there with he hand in he pocket , peer over the player 's shoulder , study the game like he 's learn something , when all he really want to do be walk away . carter and live to fight another day . maybe he 's get a mortgage , and tuition payment , and - edward so why 's he in the casino in the first place ? he 's die to get in the game . what 's keep he hand in he pocket ? carter not everyone can afford to play . edward I be not talk about money . I do not think he 's afraid to lose , everybody lose sometimes . but what I think ? I think that deep down , you be afraid to win . now the lamborghini take the lead , clipping the front of the mustang as it pull in front . carter Jesus ! ( regains control of the car ) why on earth would anybody be afraid to win ? edward that 's between you and you shrink , I just call ‘em where they fall . 57 . carter you want to talk about -- you be the most fearful person I have ever know . God forbid you ever open the door a crack and give up even the smallest ounce of control . edward my work do my way . personal , selfish , egotistical motivation . look where it 's get I . carter alone , bitter and scared of anything with a hint of emotional consequence . edward depravity 's in the eye of the beholder . at least I be not chicken . in the mustang ; Carter roll he eye , know he should not take the bait . he drive evenly for a moment . then , despite himself ... carter ah , screw it . on the track ; the mustang revs and roar alongside of the lamborghini before slamm into its side . the mustang pull away then smashes into the car again . both car careen off the track , punch through a chain link fence then out into the outer parking lot . long shot ; as the two car play demolition derby in the empty lot , collide towards we until they roar past and slam through the stripe security gate and out onto the open road . ext . rural highway - day the car speed down either side of the double - yellow line do well over a hundred as they smash back and forth . edward do you have any idea what this car cost I ? carter we be sit at the table , be not we ? siren blare as a police car appear behind they . 58 . carter ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus . edward be we really ? carter be we really what ? as the lamborghini suddenly gun ahead , red-lining down the highway . carter ( cont 'd ) he really be crazy . the mustang roar after it . the police car lose ground quickly . CUT to : ext . rural police station - day as Thomas emerge follow by Edward and Carter . Thomas carry the police paperwork . Edward 's mark up the list . carter that 's a serious fine . edward chump change . my tab . he cross off '' race a vintage mustang '' on Carter 's list , then flip it over , put a line through '' get in a police chase '' on he side . carter better believe you tab . edward you gonna tell the wife about this one ? carter I be not the crazy one . ext . carter 's house - night a small but comfortable - look low - income brick face . a couple of street kid stare as the limo pull up out front . 59 . int . limousine - night Carter reach for the door . Edward be sprawle out across the opposite seat watch the yankee game . carter sure you two do not want some roast ? edward and face darth vader , I be sure she have love that . Tommy 's get family to get to and I have get six inning leave . carter suit yourself . ' night Thomas . Thomas wave from the front as Carter climb out and close the door behind he . thomas Nice of he to ask . edward superlative . despite he sarcasm , he watch Carter talk to the street kid before climb the step to he door . edward ( cont 'd ) why be not we move ? thomas a thousand pardon , mein fuhrer . edward Thomas . thomas go fuck myself ? edward yahtzee. ( to the tv ) oh , come on ! int . edward library - night floor to ceiling bookshelve . Edward slouches in a large , leather couch . heaves a sigh of displeasure as he switch off the lose ballgame . 60 . he stand and stretch while look around the room . unsure of what to do , he stuff he hand in he pocket and move to a wall of book , browsing the title . edward oh , who care . int . edward live room - night immense and unused with glow hardwood floor and a pristine grand piano cover in empty silver picture frame . he walk in like a stranger , hand still in he pocket and stop just inside the door . he stare for a long moment then turn and walk out . int . edward 's kitchen - night Edward be on the phone . hold a take - out menu . edward what do you mean you do not deliver past six , what kind of business be that ?... I do not care what day it be , you -- the doorbell ring edward ( cont 'd ) now what ? slam the phone down . int . edward foyer - night Edward emerge through double stain - glass door into the marble foyer just as the elevator door open revealing Carter , Virginia and they kid . rachel happy Easter . edward ( to Carter ) what be you do ? carter loser busy dinner ... grab this , will ya ? lay a enormous platter of mashed potato into Edward 's arm . the rest of the family do not move . 61 . carter ( cont 'd ) well , come on . Turkey be not gonna carve itself now . the family shuffles out reluctantly . the boy bid Edward hello , but Virginia say nothing . clearly , she 's be out - vote . int . dine room - night panele wall wrapping around a immense mahogany table . Roger and Lee stare open- mouth at the opulence . edward okay , just let I get a tablecloth or something . balance the potato as he rummages through some drawer he 's probably never open before . roger how many people live here ? Edward dig up a load of silverware and woven placemat . edward just I ... and do not touch anything . this stuff cost more than you education . lee we go to public school . edward oh . the boy be too polite to laugh . edward ( cont 'd ) you know what , screw it . just dump it all down there . drop the potato with no small amount of relief . edward ( cont 'd ) I do not know about you guy , but I could eat a station wagon . the boy smile openly . CUT to : 62. a hi - tech record player ; as Edward lay a platter down on the turntable and drop the needle . Louis armstrong 's Autumn in New York play over the follow series : -- in the dine room ; Rachel organize the place setting . fork and spoon on the leave , knife on the right . opposite she , Edward try to mirror the layout . get it right the second time . -- Carter sit with eye close and hand press together , say grace . Edward watch he , eye flick around the table to see the rest of the family have they eye close . -- jump cut as Carter hand Edward the carve knife ; Edward attack the meat while the other look on ; Virginia watch as she perfect roast be hack to piece ; a blockish chunk land on Lee 's plate . -- Edward be a wallflower as the family tuck into the meal , pass steaming dish back and forth through a lively discussion . -- Edward 's on he second plate . he 's talk now , tell a story that have Virginia mildly on edge . the kid seem to love it , except Rachel who make eye at he . Edward return the look until she point to she close mouth . he get the picture and snap he mouth shut , swallow he food before continue . -- Carter stare glumly at the tiny slice of apple pie sit on he plate . Virginia be mark the size of Edward 's slice with a pie cutter . Edward motion for a bigger piece . Virginia move the cutter . Edward 's still not satisfied . she move it again . -- in the kitchen ; Edward coax a steaming cup of coffee from the copper siphon . he put it on a saucer and carefully offer it to Virginia who have a chain - gang of dish go at the sink with Carter and the boy . she allow a thin smile as she move to accept the coffee , then notice Carter behind Edward , shaking he head not to take it . she look back at Edward and politely demur . -- in the library ; Edward wait for the last bar of the song to end before lift the needle and carefully slide the record back into it 's sleeve . virginia ( 0.s. ) they play that at we wedding . she stand in the doorway , wiping she hand on a kitchen towel . 63. edward you be marry in the city ? virginia first Baptist in the bronx . my uncle be the pastor so we get the reception room for free . it 's go now . ' put up one of they gargantuan shopping mall . edward they tend to do that this day . virginia they do . a beat . he 's unsure how to approach she ... edward Health care 's a perilous industry . the only way we can keep the hospital from close be to reduce the overhead so -- virginia I understand . it 's business . edward not to the people we let go . virginia do you find that difficult ? edward only when you meet they . which I try very hard not to do . virginia I do not blame you . edward we keep they from close . virginia you do not owe I anything . edward still , I have like to -- virginia give he back to I . edward I be not sure I can -- 64 . virginia I be not ask for he sake . he 's the only one who can decide what 's best for he . I be ask for myself . edward I do not understand . virginia I be prepare for he to die . if there 's one thing I understand it 's that , but what I can not do -- I be he wife . I be not prepare to lose he while he 's alive . her eye hold he . she 's laid herself wide open and he 's unable to look away . CUT to : int . gulfstream private jet - day Carter enter ahead of Edward . he whistle at the sumptuous cabin . carter now this be what I be talk about . edward it 's the best . carter it would have to be . how much money do you have , anyway ? edward I have get enough . this be just a time - share so -- carter how much be enough ? edward do not anyone tell you it 's rude to talk about money ? carter I never know anyone with enough money to ask . ext . airport - day as the gulfstream lift off the runway . 65 . int . gulfstream private jet - day Carter accept a freeze daiquiri from the steward . carter thank you . ( to Edward ) I could get use to this . Edward nod . he 's pensive . edward maybe we should go back ? carter come again ? edward I just think you should -- it 's easy for I , but you have get you family to think about , and -- carter ' ginia get to you , do not she ? edward she want you back . you can not blame she for -- carter why do you think I be do this ? edward because I talk you into it . carter ( shake he head ; a beat ) at first , you tell yourself it 's a rut ; just part of the up and downs of marriage . you figure the pendulum will swing back the other way like it always have before and everything will be right again ... a year go by , then another and soon you have be sleep only on you side of the bed so long you forget how to reach across and bring she into you arm . you forget why you could never walk down the sidewalk without hold she hand or what it be about she smile that stir you . she 's the same girl I fall in love with at seventeen . nothing 's change , but everything 's different . then I realize , it 's I . ( more ) 66 . carter ( cont 'd ) I lose something along the way and I aim to find it ... sometimes you have to take the long way home . Edward nod slowly . carter ( cont 'd ) tell I about the island ? edward it 's a few acre . Beach all around . Palm tree . some kind of a small house , I think . carter completely desert ? edward I think so . carter we can not '' live on a desert island '' if it 's not desert . CUT to : ext . tropical island - day completely desert . see from high above as a seaplane land just outside the reef . ext . tropical island - day Edward and Carter walk from the tree out onto the sugary beach surveying the reef and gently lap wave . carter wow . edward yeah . they sit in the sand . Carter scoops up a handful and let it run through he open finger . he sigh contentedly ... Edward sigh as well ... several long , empty moment pass . Carter sigh again . Edward nod in silent agreement . several more moment pass until ... carter think we can still call the plane back ? edward God , I hope so . 67 . whip out he satellite phone as they run back towards the tree , brush the wet sand off they butt . CUT to : a dolphin ice sculpture int . petrossian - night a waiter pass with a tray support a enormous bowl of caviar which he deposit in the center of a table where Edward sit with Carter and Rachel . all be dress for the occasion and Edward now sport a freshly wax pencil-thin moustache . waiter anything else , gentleman ? edward thanks . carter would you look at that ? rachel it look disgusting . carter ( heaping it onto toast ) in Iran they call it aswad thahab , Black gold . rachel they can call it whatever they want , still look nasty . she take a tiny spoonful and sniff at it . Edward be study the bucket list . edward some of this be just so ... '' laugh until you cry ? '' how you figure on that ? carter get any good joke ? edward that 's Tommy 's department . what about number seven ? carter what 's seven ? 68 . edward be a contestant on Jeopardy ? Carter take he first bite , close he eye and savor the flavor . Rachel eye he carefully , still not convinced . carter ( to Edward ) like most people , I guess . take some kind of test and then -- edward you realize that could take month . what if you can not --? forget it . you figure that one out . ( to Rachel ) how 's the caviar ? rachel ( make a face ) honestly ? edward of course . rachel ( look at Carter who nod ) it taste like ass . Edward almost choke on he food . soon all three be laugh . edward could not have say it better myself . carter more for I then . edward ( still laugh ) she sound just like Emily . rachel who 's Emily ? edward my little -- well , she 's not so little anymore , she 's -- carter you have a daughter ? 69 . his grave surprise bring the laughter to a halt . Edward 's suddenly uncomfortable . edward yeah ...had a daughter ... we do not -- carter why on earth not ? edward ( pause ) Carl okafor . rachel what 's a carlo- kafor ? edward I would really rather -- carter when be the last time you see she ? rachel dad. carter answer I . Edward just shake he head . Carter grab the list and the pen and add '' # 11 '' to the bottom of Edward 's ten task . carter ( cont 'd ) ( write ) get back in touch -- edward ( slamm he hand down ) stop it ! carter why ? edward because '' some thing be not up for discussion . '' carter not this . this be too important . edward you do not know I . 70 . carter I do not have to . I know when something 's more important than fling yourself off a airplane or run around with cattle ... ( look at Rachel ) she 's you -- some thing be more important ... I 'il be right back . take a last bite of caviar and head to the bathroom . edward he 's not the most tractable man , you father . rachel he 's just ... he call I '' the Accident . '' they be not plan on have more kid . also because when I be eight , I chase my ball into the street when a car come . it drag I the whole block before it stop . I be in the hospital for a month . the first night , he tell I he would give anything if god would let he switch place with I . edward that 's how it should be . rachel can I ask you something ? edward of course . rachel be she pretty ? Edward take a beat , then nod slowly . there 's a sudden commotion and the waiter quick - walk over to they . waiter right this way please . edward what 's wrong ? rachel where 's dad ? waiter there 's be a -- if you please ! 71 . edward ( to Rachel ) stay here . int . petrossian men 's room - night Edward burst in . it 's empty . see blood pool across the sink . edward Carter ?! carter ( 0.s. ) I be try to wash it off . he 's sprawle out underneath the sink . Edward rush to he and pull he out . carter ( cont 'd ) it 's my only suit . it 's cover in blood , run from he mouth . rachel ( 0.s. ) daddy ! she 's stand in the open doorway . int . petrossian - night as Edward and the waiter help Carter through the dining room . carter hold on . I need to ... just for a second . they stop by the ice sculpture allow Carter to lean on the table . Edward notice everyone stare at the blood on Carter 's suit , whisper to each other , do little to hide they distaste . edward ( to a gawk woman ) can I help you ? you have never see a die man before ? ( to the room ) get a good look , because someday this will be each and every one of you . 72 . carter ( weakly ) Edward . Edward loop he head under Carter 's arm and resume they way towards the door . edward ( to the room ) you be fuck parasite ! dissolve to : int . carter 's bedroom - day Carter sit up against the headboard look surprisingly fit . Rachel sit on the edge of the bed dress in she soccer uniform . carter ...- draw they fullback to the ball leave the leave side open for you to slip behind they as long as you watch the off-side . rachel you really think they will fall for it ? carter worked against Brazil last year . just enjoy yourself . win or lose , that 's the most important thing . edward ( at the door ) do not believe a word of it , kid . if win be not everything , why do they keep score ? carter good point . ( kissing Rachel ) good luck , baby . she jog out , she cleat clack on the stair . edward I hear you be do well . carter it be just a ulcer . it 's spread to my stomach so -- it 's expect . 73 . edward and why be not you go to the game ? carter holcomb say I should rest . I be not suppose to get excited . edward so do not get excited . carter you have never see I coach . edward so do not coach . Carter think about it . ext . soccer field - day the game be well underway as Edward and Carter skulk behind the back row of onlooker on the field . edward why do not we stand where we can actually see the field ? carter ' ginia 's here . I do not want she to -- edward too late . point up to the bleacher where Virginia stare down at they . shake she head angrily and turn back to the game . carter gotta get I a bigger dog house . May as well go up front . ext . soccer field - day it 's late in the second half and the mid-field scorer 's table show zero -zero . Carter and Edward stand right next to it . carter ( shouting ) pass it , pass it , pass the ... oh come on ref ! that 's a penalty ! as the Essex team steal the ball and drive it up field . 74 . edward you be not suppose to get excited . carter I be exhilated . there 's a difference . edward ( pause ) so this may not be the best time , but ... I be head out of town tomorrow . carter ( half - listen ) yeah ? edward Spain first . carter really ? edward the festival 's come up and -- carter which festival ? as Rachel steal the ball and pass to a teammate . carter ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) that 's what I be talk about ! edward Pamplona . carter which one 's that ? Nice pass ! edward the one with all the cattle . Carter turn to look at he . realize Edward be talk about finish the list without he . he stare for several moment before a surge in the crowd pull he back to the game . four side side . of Rachel 's teammate be streaking up the right of the field while Rachel quietly jog up the leave carter they be draw the fullback . 75 . edward I be sorry , it 's just that -- carter shut up for a second . Rachel turn on the speed and streak into enemy territory . carter ( cont 'd ) she 's open . she 's open . she 's -- as the ball loop over the fullback 's head towards the goal . Rachel control it then shoot ... just out of the goalie 's reach and into the net . the crowd go ballistic . none more than Carter who leap into the air , scream he head off ... carter ( cont 'd ) now I be excited ! the scorer sound a air horn and the game be over . the player converge on Rachel , tackle she in mid-field . Carter look up at Virginia who be hopping like mad in the bleacher . they share a look . he 's out of the dog house for the moment . carter ( cont 'd ) ( to Edward ) take that mack - out plane of yours ? edward commercial . carter Business class ? edward be you kid I ? carter hope you get another ticket then , ' cause -- stop as he see Edward hold up a pair of first class plane ticket . Carter smile . 76 . suddenly he 's hit from behind by a flood of ponytail . join by they current coach , the entire team surround he as they hop up and down with glee . he lift Rachel off the ground and hug she for all he 's worth . CUT to : int . carter 's bedroom - night Carter deposit a litany of pill bottle into he shabbily pack suitcase which lie open on the bed . Roger come in with Rachel . rachel need any help ? carter thanks , baby . I be just about there . rachel ( eying the suitcase ) nuh-uh . she pull he clothes out and start re-folding they . he smile and remove the pill , place they into a bag . roger when be you come back ? carter ' Bout a month , I guess . it 's a open ticket so -- you take care of you mother for I . roger what do you think I have be do ? carter I guess you have be the man of the house for a while now . I be so proud of you son . roger sorry I can not say the same . carter ( pause ) I understand . roger man , please . you do not understand nothing ! you be run off with you sugar - daddy fat cat to - 77 . carter do not ever use that tone with I , boy ! ( a beat ; he 's never raise he voice like this ) I know you can not understand why I have to do this ... but I do . I have to do it and I be begging you to respect that . I have never ask anything of you son , and if you tell I that it will not be okay and you will not be able to watch over they for I ... then I will stay and we will never talk about it again . he hand Roger the bag of pill . Roger be unsure what to do . he look at Rachel who nod slowly . Roger bow he head and wipe he eye ... then he hold the bag out to he father . roger just do not die on we . carter not this trip . he ignore the bag and wrap he arm around he son . carter ( cont 'd ) I love you , son . I love you so much . Rachel finish fold he shirt and lay it gently into the suitcase . CUT to : ext . carter 's house - day as Thomas put the suitcase into the limo . he close the trunk revealing Carter who be kissing he child goodbye . Carter look up at the front door of the house , but Virginia be not there . he blow he daughter a final kiss then climb inside . Edward now have a goatee and a freshly shave Mohawk which reveal several lesion on he scalp . he move to follow Carter but stop as he see Virginia watch from a window . edward I ' 1l bring he home . 78 . int . limousine - day pull away . Carter watch through the back window as he child see he go . edward you okay ? Carter nod as he sit back down in the seat . carter and I think cancer be hard ... man , what the hell be that thing on you head ? dissolve to : ext . pamplona STREET - day see through a stone doorway as hundred of people stream past , run for they life from the herd of bull charge hard on they heel . ext . pamplona STREET - day running with the crowd now as dozen pass until we find Edward and Carter whooping and holler in the heart of the push . they be have the time of they life until Edward trip and fall . Carter turn back for he just as he see the bull roiling towards they . carter you okay ? the bull be close fast . carter ( cont 'd ) give I you hand ! edward I get it . I - - as Carter yank he up , throw they into the base of the wall a instant before the bull thunder past ... edward ( cont 'd ) that be close . carter yeah . you be a goner for sure . Edward stand and test he leg . 79 . edward my knee 's a little -- carter come on . loops Edward 's arm around he neck and the two shuffle off after the depart bull . edward for the record , I be on my way out anyway , so do not get all puffed up about save my life . carter hey , Eddie . edward yeah ? carter do I a favor . once we get to the hotel , and you be back , all comfortable in the room , take a second and go fuck yourself . CUT to : int . posh london restaurant - night where Carter sit at the end of a long table . his eye be wide as he stare in dumb wonder . the camera track down the table to reveal he dinner companion : paul mccartney , mohammad ali , luciano pavarotti , and elizabeth taylor all engage in a lively discussion . Edward sit at the far end , chat with prince william . he share a look with Carter who be unable to organize himself until a mechanical voice interrupt -- mechanical voice please pass the salt . Carter grab the salt and pass it to steven hawking who sit on he right in he wheelchair . hawking 's wife jane wilde smile as she salt she husband 's shepherd 's pie . mechanical voice ( cont ’d ) thank you . Carter can only nod and smile . 80 . ext . posh london restaurant - night Carter close the door to Mohammad Ali 's car then step back on the curb next to Edward . both be still starstruck . carter well , that be ... edward yeah . carter one question ? edward huh ? carter how much that one cost you ? edward you really do not want to know . Carter nod as they start walk down the street . dissolve to : ext . egyptian hilltop - dawn bath red in the first ray of the morning sun . Edward and Carter sit atop a ancient wall , take in the endless expanse of desert below , though Carter 's eye be close . Edward have the list out . cross off '' see the pyramid . '' edward you know technically , we can kill two of this . carter yeah ? edward what be you do ? carter ( eye still close ) listen . edward to what ? ( Carter do not answer ) ( more ) 81 . edward ( cont 'd ) anyway , I figure you want to '' Witness something majestic , '' this be about as good as it get . carter you have not see the mountain yet . edward ( shrug ) never will if we sit around here all day . start to get up ... carter the ancient egyptian have a beautiful belief about death ... when they soul reach the entrance to heaven , the god would ask they two question . they answer determine if they be admit or not . edward what be they ? carter have you find joy in you life ? Edward realize that Carter have open he eye and be look directly at he . edward what , you be ask ? oh , how the hell do I - - carter it 's a simple question . have you find joy in you life ? edward ( think for several moment ) yes. carter when ? edward next question . Edward 's uncomfortable with whatever he remember . carter have you life bring joy to other ? 82 . edward ( stand ) this be horseshit . carter be it ? edward have not I do enough for you ? ( get agitate ) I set everything up myself . paid for the car , the plane ticket . it take I a month get that dinner set up . carter for I or for you ? edward be you that ungrateful ? carter I be more grateful than you 's 1ll ever know . I do not know you before , but now you be my friend and if I have the mean there 's nothing I would not do for you if ask . edward thank you . carter the question still stand . Edward walk several pace away , hand in he pocket . several moment pass ... edward she be bear on a Sunday . I remember because there be not a single cloud in the sky and I think it be somehow appropriate ... I know , cheesy right ? ( Carter just listen ; this be Edward 's joy ) I manage to push she out of my mind the last few year , but after meeting you daughter -- and sometimes when I wake up in the morning ... he sit down next to Carter . take a angry breath ... 83. edward ( cont 'd ) Carl okafor be a activist . Emily have join some '' save the poor people '' thing and I guess they meet and she decide she love he ... I see he a few time . good look kid . smart. drive . but there be something about he I do not ... anyway , when she say they be engage I tell she I be against it . but , be my daughter , she go ahead anyway ... we have some distance for a while , she 's as stubborn as she old man , but she seem happy ... the first time he hit she she come to I . I want to -- I want to beat he into the dirt until he begge for forgiveness ... but she would not let I . she say it be not he fault . he be break . have a few drink . Said she pick the fight ... I give she some money and she go back to he . when the money run out he do it again . she do not come to I that time . carter what do you do ? edward I do what any father would do . I get he a job . administration in a small hospital in great neck . gave he a office and a salary . company car . carter I do not understand . edward I let he get comfortable . let he think he would get it make until one night , when he be out bang one of the nurse , I have someone crack he computer and move a bunch of money around . the next morning he show up for work and they arrest he on the spot . my lawyer 's a pitbull . get he ten year for embezzlement . carter and Emily ? edward she see through I like glass . curse I out in front of the entire courtroom after he sentencing . call I name you would not believe . Said I be dead to she . ( more ) 84 . edward ( cont 'd ) but I figure , if that 's what it take ... I grow up with nothing . I be not proud of everything I have do but I have play by the rule for the most part . if my daughter hate I and they do not let I into heaven ... well then I guess that 's just life , be not it ? carter happy ending be for sucker . edward yeah . they stare at the desert for a beat . then Carter stand . carter come on . edward what ? carter I get a addition to the list . they begin to climb down the step wall and we pull back to reveal that they have be sit atop the peak of the great pyramid of khufu this entire time . CUT to : int . cairo department store - day Edward follow Carter through the perfume section . both be drink can of Coke as they pass wealthy , westernize egyptian and tourist . edward what the hell do we just eat ? carter do not know . do not wanna know . edward if this be you idea of cheer I up ... carter my brother pull this once at macy 's . get he ground for a week . I never have the gut ... there . he make for the elevator as a crowd shuffles inside . 85 . int . department store elevator - day nearly full . Edward and Carter stand against the back wall . edward now ? carter next floor . edward this be not very adult of you . carter it really be not . he smile wickedly . the elevator door open and more shopper wedge themselves into the pack elevator . Edward and Carter be press into the wall . edward now ? carter loser busy dinner . they both scrunch up they face with effort . Carter 's tooth be gritt together until he suddenly burp draw a look from the woman next to he . carter ( cont 'd ) beg you pardon . the woman look away . Edward 's fingertip be white as he press he hand against the wall . suddenly , the elevator be fill with the sound of -- int . cairo department store - day as the elevator door open and the passenger erupt outward , pinching they nose , wave they hand and twitter angrily until the elevator be empty save for Carter and Edward who be on the floor in spasm of laughter until the door close on they . int . department store elevator - day the laughter continue for several moment until -- carter ( wave he hand ) oh man that 's -- what do we just eat ? 86 . they break up again . CUT to : int . airplane first CLASS cabin - dusk Edward be asleep then suddenly chuckle in he dream . Carter look over , smile knowingly before lay a postcard of the pyramid on he seat - back table . start to write . carter ( v.o. ) dear Chambers family ... we be on we way to India now . he think a moment before look out the window at the sun paint table of cloud below and the endless blue above . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I can not tell you how much I miss you all . this be a gift that you have give I and everything I have see and do have be through you eye and with you in my heart . I be take all my pill and I honestly have not feel this good in year . I hope you be well and look after you mother ... '' I love you '' do not come close ... dad . he replace the cap on the pen and lean he head back on the seat . Edward suddenly laugh out loud and Carter can not help but chuckle as he close he eye to sleep . dissolve to : ext . taj mahal - day establish . carter ( 0.s . ) the empress be the beloved wife of shah jehan , the fifth mughal emperor . int . taj mahal gallery - day Carter and Edward walk past mural depict the history of the monument . 87 . carter and though it be a arrange marriage , they be deeply in love and be inseparable until she die give birth to they fourteenth child . edward fourteenth ? that 's a lot of love . carter they do not write the kama sutra for nothing ... it take twenty - thousand volunteer twenty - two year to complete the structure in sixteen forty - eight . every square foot design by shah jehan himself . they stop at a tile mural of the empress . edward so that 's true love . carter yeah . Edward read Carter 's thought and quietly walk away leave Carter to stare up at the mural . ext . taj mahal - day Edward and Carter walk along the promenade beside the reflect pool . edward ( try to lighten the mood ) you ever wonder why all the great historical monument have to do with dead people ? carter because they be monument . that 's what they be for . edward yeah , but do be dead have to be a prerequisite ? we can not put up a tomb to the unborn soldier ? '' he would have die for he country if only he parent have be Catholic . '' carter you be lose you grip , be not you ? 88. edward my family 's get this plot upstate . my parent be there . cousin . grandparent . the whole shebang . we even get a little monument of we own . carter that where you want to end up ? edward I do not know , I be not sure they have have I . I be a real pain in the ass when I be little . hard to believe , I know . I dunno , it just seem so ... colloquial . carter I get it in my will . want myself cremate and my ash put in a can which they 'il bury somewhere with a view . edward you mean a urn ? carter ( shake he head ) I never like the sound of it . '' urn . '' nope , a old can of chock full 0 's nut do I just fine . edward chock full o - -? the instant coffee ? carter yup . better coffee you money can not buy . edward I would not bet on that . carter ah yes , kopi luwak . you really dig that stuff , do not you ? edward it 's the best . what do you get against it ? carter much too fancy for my taste . simple pleasure my man , simple pleasure . 89 . edward think I might get another tattoo . dissolve to : ext . the great wall of china - day see from a distance as it loom across the hilltop . a sound be hear in the far off distance . we can not quite make it out , but it clearly do not belong . another section of the wall ; closer now . the sound be hear again , a faint buzzing . at the base of the wall ; the buzzing be closer now . it 's join by voice . atop the wall ; plunging down a hillside before we then surging back up to we position . the buzzing be louder still and the voice appear to be sing . voice ( 0.s. ) ah louie louie . oh no . say we gotta go . yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . Said ah louie louie -- and suddenly a motorcycle burst into view up the hillside . Edward cling to Carter 's back as they ride down the center of the wall , roaring by we then disappear down the opposite hillside . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) -- whoa baby ! Said we gotta go . yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . CUT to : aged cell bar clanging as a door open int . chinese prison - day Thomas stand with a disapprove look on he face as a guard lead Edward and Carter out of the cell . they be dress in filthy prison smock with several week facial growth . thomas this be become epidemic . edward ( shuffle past he ) shower. 90 . thomas ( catch a whiff ) several . int . posh HOTEL suite - bathroom - night Thomas wait with a towel while Edward shower . Carter be see through the doorway , talk to he family on the phone in the live room . he 's yet to shower . edward so what 's the go rate for busting two Americans out of the chinese clink ? thomas ai not what it use to be . edward that bad , huh ? thomas you do not want to know . edward actually , I do ... do not I ? thomas I have get you statement in my bag , but all tell you be down to a couple million . Edward stick he head through the shower door , halfway through shave a new look that link he moustache to he sideburn . edward you be joke I . thomas I never joke with Civil War heroes . Nice ink , by the way . Edward hold up he arm which be now cover in tattoo : a charge bull , the pyramid , etc . edward like ‘em ? one for each item on the list . thomas how punk of you . gl . edward ( after a beat ) thanks Thomas . really , this be way above and beyond . thomas what be indenture servant for . head into ... int . posh HOTEL suite - live room - day where Carter be just get off the phone with he family . carter we be fly to tibet tonight then next stop home . alright . I will ... alright ... Goodbye . hang up the phone leave the receiver smear with grime . Thomas grab a tissue and start wiping it . thomas do you tell they ? carter ( nod ) my wife want I test for syphilis . she 'il be stick needle in I for day when I get back . thomas you both seem in surprisingly good spirit consider ... carter I can not explain it . I be tell Virginia . I feel ... thomas like a pigsty ? carter Young . thomas they say you mental disposition can have a tremendous impact on disease . carter they can say what they want , just so long as he get out of that shower soon . ( more ) 92 . carter ( cont 'd ) say , let I ask you something Thomas . be it Thomas or Tommy ? thomas it 's Matthew actually but he find that too biblical ... Thomas be fine . int . posh HOTEL suite - bathroom - night as Edward emerge from the shower in a billow cloud of steam . edward she 's all yours . he wipe steam from the mirror to reveal he new look : kojak meet found Father . admire himself appropriately . notice the lesion have fade on he head . edward ( cont 'd ) hey , I say -- stick he head into the doorway to see Carter and Thomas whisper closely . thomas I do , but I be not sure he 'il - -- edward he 'il what ? carter ever think about fly coach back to the States . you know , save some for a rainy day . edward you chump want to ride with you knee in you throat that 's you business ... shower 's up . carter thank the lord . run into the bathroom peel he shirt off . dissolve to : ext . tibetan rooftop - day where Edward and Carter take in the vista of hill roll to the distant base of a impossibly enormous range of snow - cover mountain . 93 . edward okay , it 's majestic . carter that 's nothing . twelve thousand top . edward what 's we mountain ? carter we be only go to base camp , but the peak 's about twenty nine thousand foot . Edward whistle . edward why so many fatality ? carter hmmm ? edward the air jockey you be talk about . one that fly through the mountain . carter the hump pilot . well , first off you have the jap zero which could ambush you from anywhere as you fly through the valley . that be the easy part ... when the weather come in , which be always , they could not choke off the supply run , so they fly in the soup ... sonar be all they have back then . they use to try to ping off the mountain to plot they course between ‘em . sometimes it work ... sixty year and they be still find wreckage up there . edward you uncle ? carter two year on the hump . not a scratch on he . edward lucky guy . 94 . carter maybe ... when the storm roll in and he could not see a inch past the windshield , he use to close he eye and focus until he could not hear the copilot or even the engine . he have focus until everything fall away except the mountain pass on either side . he could hear they and , ' till the day he pass , he swore they could hear he in return . edward what do they sound like ? carter I ask he once . near as he could figure - '' Voice of god , '' he say . edward wow , that 's ... be there anything in this world you do not have a story about ? carter it 's call read . you should try it someday ... here , you can start with this . slam a book in Edward 's chest , Gandhi a Autobiography : the Story of my experiment with Truth . edward this some kind of yoga manual ? Carter 's incredulous ... Thomas come up the step . Edward toss he the book . edward ( cont 'd ) here . read this for I . thomas so , shitty news or really shitty news ? edward the first one . thomas there 's a storm up there . they will not fly until the weather clear . edward ( to Carter ) where 's you uncle when we need he . 95 . carter they expect it to clear ? thomas not for a month . maybe two . that 's the really shitty news , in case you be wonder . carter ( disappointed ) next trip , huh ? they know full well the remoteness of that possibility . edward definitely . carter I guess it 's home then . edward maybe not . carter the climb season 's almost -- edward everest be not the only majestic thing in the world . CUT to : ext . mt. kiluea volcano - night spew enormous plume of ash and lava into the night sky while river of molten rock stream from the crater . Carter , Edward , and Thomas stand atop a neighbor peak . they face hang in awe in the light of the eruption . edward ( to Carter ) what , no story ? Carter just shake he head . Edward smile and turn back to the show . the ground rumble . they feel it . Thomas grab Edward 's hand to steady he . Edward do the same with Carter . see from behind ; in silhouette , the three friend stand hand - in-hand at the beginning and end of the world . CUT to : 96 . int . limousine - night driving through the suburb of New Jersey . Edward and Carter sit side by side in the back . take measure of what they have accomplish . carter thank you . really . edward do not be -- it 's nothing . it 's -- thomas you be welcome , be what he 's try to say . edward Dead in a month my ass . they laugh and he look out the window . edward ( cont 'd ) hey Tommy , this be not Newark . you leave you compass back in Beijing ? Thomas respond by put up the divider between himself and the back seat . in the front ; Thomas exhales a deep breath . thomas one more stop . ext . limousine - night pull up in front of a small ranch house . int . limousine - night edward why be we -- Thomas , you off the methadone ? what the hell 's -- stop as he see something through the window . it 's a woman . she 's stand in the window of the ranch house , pace back and forth as she talk on the phone . carter he keep tabs on she in case you ever want to -- 97 . edward ( livid ) this be he idea ? carter no , it be mine . take the whole flight to talk he into it . edward hey Carter , will you do something for I ? carter name it . Edward open the door and climb out of the car and walk briskly away from the house . Carter watch he go ... carter ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) go fuck myself . ext . suburb STREET - night Edward walk briskly through pool of light from the street lamp . the limo pull up and Carter jump out . carter this be what you want ? edward telling someone a story do not invite you to be a part of it . you have no right . carter you be right , I do not . but she 's still there . maybe you take the long way home but this be the road 's end . edward go away . walk past he . Carter follow . carter what be you so afraid of ? edward I be not afraid of anything anymore . if you take a second to think it through you would realize -- ( stop walk ) how do you see it ? I knock on the door . she answer . ( more ) 98 . edward ( cont 'd ) she 's surprised and angry but I tell she how much I love she and miss she , and gradually , piece by piece , the ice start to thaw ? carter it 's a start . edward no , it 's a end . because you leave one thing out . you do not think -- how be it fair that I show up after all this time and inject myself back into she life when I could be dead in a week ? carter you just -- edward how do I tell she ... without she believe that I be only reach out because I be scared to die alone and do not care enough to consider what that would put she through . carter everyone 's afraid to die alone . edward I be not everyone . carter then you be kid yourself . edward if I be , I be not the only one . carter what 's that suppose -- edward what be you even do here , Carter ? you have get a family and a wife whose hold she heart in she hand while you be fly around the world to '' find the long way home . '' do not you think she know ? carter know what ? edward that you blame she for you lack of accomplishment . 99 . carter do not you dare -- edward that you say thing like you '' would not trade you life with they for anything '' , but deep down you question yourself , so you say that thing because you know they be the right thing to say , rather than what you really feel . carter you have no idea what I feel . edward maybe I do not ... but I know this . I love my daughter . if I do not I would be back there , knock on she door . if you love you wife , you would not have to go home because you have have be there all along . he pull out the bucket list . edward ( cont 'd ) this be fun , Carter . that 's all it ever be . then he tear it in half , then again , and let the piece flutter to the sidewalk . he see Thomas stand by the limo . edward ( cont 'd ) call I after you have take he home . he walk off . Carter stand there , stare at the pavement ... Music begin ; Jeff Buckley 's '' hallelujah '' as Thomas walk around the limo and open the door for Carter . Carter nod and walk towards he and then stop and turn to look at the bucket list as the piece scatter dissolve to : montage - as the song plays over ... carter ; walk up the step to he house . he pause at the door then open it and carry he suitcase inside . edward ; hand in he pocket as he walk down a neighborhood street . the limo pull up next to he and he climb inside . 100 . carter ; in bed with he wife , each on they own side . distance between they . . edward ; in he high -rise office sit at he desk which face the window with a view of the city shroud in fog below . his hair be grow in again . he bring a coffee cup to he lip . it 's empty . carter ; at the hospital get a check -up . holcomb come in with test result . he 's amaze at Carter 's progress . Carter smile as he button up he shirt . edward ; in he office kitchen . the box of kopi luwak be empty . he search the cupboard find only a can of instant . he put the can back and walk out . carter ; at the dinner table with he family . Virginia be say grace . he 's watch she . she feel it and she eye open . he reach out and take she hand . she smile as they eye hold each other and she continue to pray . edward ; shake he head as he switch off the yankee game . move to the bookshelf and browse until he remove a book on the himalayas . virginia ; wait in the car for Carter . it 's autumn now and the window be paint with frost . a finger appear , draw letter on the windshield . will you marry I ? edward ; work out on the elliptical machine at the gym . it 's late and the place be empty . carter and virginia ; stand in the center of a shopping mall , they friend and family around they as they renew they vow . edward ; step out of the shower . wipe the steam from the mirror revealing he full head of hair and the journal of tattoo over he body . he touch the erupting volcano on he forearm . carter ; home in bed stare at a small plastic bull . he put it away as Virginia come in , dress in she nightgown . she climb in bed and he reach across and pull she to he . virginia happy second honeymoon . carter happy second honeymoon . 101 . they kiss . his hand move to she hip under the cover . virginia do you have any idea how long it 's be ? carter do I want to know ? virginia no , I do not think you do . carter I love you , ' gin . virginia I know you do . carter it be not that I ever stop loving you so much as I forget the reason you love I . ( she touch he face ) remember that night , when I take you to the bowl -o - rama over on fourteenth street ? virginia how do you think I could forget we first date ? you wear that shirt with the stain on the front and you black shoe and brown belt . carter and you wear a blue dress with little bow down the back . virginia ( surprised ) I can not believe you -- carter I be so out of my league . I remember think , '' what 's a girl look like this do slumming with a kid who 's best shirt get a stain on the front ? '' virginia you be not worthy . carter I have never be worthy of you . 102 . virginia I be joke , baby . I know that night after I get back . I tell my mother I be you 's forever if you have have I ... forever 's just get start . they kiss again , more passionately until she pull away and stand out of bed . virginia ( cont 'd ) I get something for you . be not sure I would need it . carter do not be long now . she go into the bathroom and close the door halfway . we see she foot step out of she pajamas and into something black and lacy . when the door open she hair be down and spilling over she shoulder and a thin , satin negligee . virginia Carter ? the bed be empty . she walk around it . virginia ( cont 'd ) so we be play game now ? you think you can get I all rile up then -- she stop as she see he face down on the floor , he hand twitching . virginia ( cont 'd ) Carter ! she turn he over to see he eye be roll back into he head as the seizure storm through he . virginia ( cont 'd ) Roger ! she find he wallet on the bedside table and force it between he tooth . Roger appear at the door -- roger what 's the -- 103 . he see he father on the floor then run for the phone . Rachel and Lee appear . Lee run to help Virginia as Rachel stand in the doorway watch she father . fade to black : int . IL mulino restaurant - night Edward and he date , amery , a pretty middle - age woman sit at a table against the wall . edward it 's bruno 's specialty . it 's not on the menu . amery that 's a lot of food . edward I be a bottomless pit . besides , I be in training . amery be not mountain climb dangerous ? edward for someone my age ? you can say it . she 's interrupt by the maitre ’d who walk briskly to the table . maitre'd I be sorry mister Cole . it 's you driver . he say it 's urgent . Edward turn to the front door where Thomas stand . his face say everything . int . hospital hallway - night Edward emerge from the elevator and walk pointedly towards he old room . pass holcomb at the nurse 's station . dr . holcomb ( walk after he ) Edward . edward when do this happen ? 104 . dr . holcomb it come out of nowhere but it 's he brain and the tumor be deep . edward so you can operate ? dr . holcomb Day after tomorrow . edward and he will be alright ? dr . holcomb in he condition it 's not -- the odd be not what we have like they to be . Edward see there 's little hope . resume walk into -- int . hospital room - night where Carter be back in bed cover in tube . Virginia lie with Rachel on the bed next to he . Rachel be asleep . edward how be he ? virginia quiet . I be not sure if I should call you , I - - edward of course . please . be there anything I can do for you ? be the boy -- virginia we be fine . really ... he want I to give you this . she sit up and pull the tape - together bucket list out of she purse . virginia ( cont 'd ) there 's a letter too . I be suppose to wait until ... but then I think -- carter ( 0.s. ) -- she 's never listen to I before , why let a coupl 'a tumor get in the way . Edward sit down on the side of he bed . 105 . carter ( cont 'd ) what 's with all the hair ? edward how they treat you ? carter food still suck . edward I will talk to the owner . carter I would not , I hear he 's a prick . edward he definitely have he moment ... Edward nod . it 's all under the bridge . edward ( cont 'd ) ( hold the list ) what be I go to do with this ? carter it be not finish . edward it 's not a one man job . carter it 's go to have to be . Edward scan the remain item . stop on one of they . edward no it do not ... I 'il be -- ( head for the door ) do not go anywhere . run out . ext . holcomb 's office - night holcomb 's pack up for the night when Edward enter , speak on he cell phone . edward I do not care how , just get a hold of he and call I back . he snap the phone shut and glare at holcomb . 106 . edward ( cont 'd ) can he be move without hurt he ? dr . holcomb well , technically yes , but -- edward I be take he out of here . int . hospital hallway - night Edward walk with holcomb trail he . Thomas stand as he see they . edward pull the car up front . dr . holcomb I cannot allow you to sneak he out again . I could be personally liable -- as Edward slam he into the wall . edward plain English . I be take my friend out of here and you be come with we . you have get ten minute to pack what you need or I will personally ask Thomas to rearrange you kidney . Thomas smile at holcomb who nod abruptly . int . hospital room - night Edward enter just as Carter be stand out of bed with help from Virginia . edward how fast can you get he dress ? virginia why ? carter I can dress my own damn self . where we go ? edward one more trip . ( to Virginia ) can I talk to you ? ( to Carter ) pack it up . we be not home yet . 107 . he usher Virginia out into the hallway . ext . airport - night the limo door open and Thomas emerge along with Edward , holcomb and the entire Chambers family . Carter be weak but shuffles along towards the wait gulfstream . edward if you could step it up we be kind of on a schedule . carter I will step it up when you tell I where we be go . edward Roger . roger sorry dad . as he lift he father into he arm and carry he towards the plane . carter Boy , put I down . whose side be you on ! edward ( to Lee ) do he ever stop talk ? lee only when he 's eat . edward well , that I can relate to . CUT to : ext . golf cart - day Zipping between large warehouse . Carter sit in the back with Virginia . he 's blindfolded and bitching and wear a new suit . Edward 's in the front next to the driver . the golf cart pull to a stop next to a warehouse door . Virginia help Carter out while Edward get the door . int . warehouse - day the doorway be curtain off with thick , sound - eat drape . Virginia lead Carter inside . 108. carter you be enjoy this , be not you ? muffled clap be hear from the other side of the curtain . a man in a baseball cap push through a open . baseball cap great . we be ready for you . carter who the hell 's he talk to ? announcer ( 0.s . ) and now we contestant enter the studio : a college professor from gladwyne , Pennsylvania , deenaz olpadwala . Edward remove the blindfold and push Carter through the curtain . on carter ; as he eye adjust then light up as a familiar theme play . int . jeopardy soundstage - day the real deal , replete with a live studio audience . announcer ( 0.s. ) we second contestant . carter how in the world do you --? edward I have a couple million lie around . announcer ( 0.s. ) a garage mechanic from Newark , New Jersey ... carter but that 's all you have -- edward so go earn it back . announcer ( 0.s. ) Carter Chambers . carter you son of a bitch . 109 . he straighten he tie and walk purposefully towards he podium . Roger , Lee and Rachel cheer he on from the stand as he nervously take he place . dissolve to : int . jeopardy soundstage - day the game be underway . alex trebek call the clue ... alex trebek this sophistic monk be often credit as one of the cause of the Russian Revolution . Carter hit the button but he timing be off . deenaz who be rasputin ? alex trebek correct . deenaz I 's all take mad Men for two hundred . alex trebek a animated character with a predilection for tall headwear ... Carter . carter the mad hatter . alex trebek no ... sherman . sherman , the bookish current champion clear he throat . sherman who be the mad hatter ? alex trebek yes . Edward stand anxiously with Virginia . edward get it together . Virginia shush he . sherman mad Men for three -hundre . 110 . alex trebek this King of England earn he malign nickname in part by converse with a tree he believe to be the King of Prussia . carter who be King George ? alex trebek can you be more specific ? carter who be '' mad '' King George the third . alex trebek correct . Virginia grab Edward . the Chambers kid cheer . alex trebek ( cont 'd ) Carter take control of the board . carter I 'il take mad Men for four-hundred , Alex . a series of cut ; as Carter begin to run the board . his answer be quick and on the mark . the other contestant get a answer here and there but the game be clearly Carter 's to win . Roger , Lee and Rachel continue to cheer he on . Virginia 's grip on Edward 's arm grow tighter and tighter until he wince . virginia oh. sorry . ( Carter get another answer ) go on , baby ! she 's punch Edward 's arm in glee . the game continue . Carter be do well but he 's beginning to tire . sweat stain be visible on he collar . Edward now stand several foot away from Virginia . edward be he okay ? virginia he will be fine . 111 . she applaud as he get another correct answer . int . jeopardy soundstage - day the game be down to final Jeopardy . the final category be on the board : alex trebek the category be World monument and the final clue be -- the clue be reveal ... alex trebek ( cont 'd ) ( read ) this mughal emperor build the Taj Mahal to memorialize the death of he wife , Empress mumtaz Mahal . Edward smile as the final Jeopardy theme play . edward it 's in the bag . his grin begin to subside as he watch Carter wipe a think band of sweat from he forehead . carter 's Pov ; be blurred as he hand slip on the pen . he close he eye to steady himself , but he vision be blurred even further . virginia Edward . edward I see it . he start circle the stage , crossing behind the camera to get closer to the contestant . Carter scribbles loosely on the screen but drop the pen and fall just as Edward get there to catch he . fade to white . voice be hear ... holcomb ( 0.s. ) .-.. - do we best , but it 's too far along . 112. edward ( 0.s. ) anything you need . fade in on : the face of a beautiful woman int . los angele hospital room - night Carter 's Pov as Virginia stare down at he . virginia hey , babe . can you hear I all right ? carter ( daze ) wha - where time be it ? his face be paralyze on one side . his head be shave and heavily mark with surgery marker . virginia we be in the hospital . you have a stroke , but you be gonna be fine . carter where 's Alex ? virginia ( look ) who 's Alex ? edward he 's probably sleep . it 's almost midnight . virginia they be take you in for surgery in a minute . carter okay . edward I will leave you two alone . carter wait. ( to Virginia ) my bag . she reach for he overnight bag . 113 . carter ( cont 'd ) can you -- she open it for he . he reach inside and pull out a seal envelope and a fold slip of paper . carter ( cont 'd ) get any of that coffee leave ? edward I be all out . I can see if there 's anywhere that sell it out here , but -- carter ( smile ) not if I be die of thirst in the desert ... wanna know why ? edward '' I be sure you will enlighten I . '' Carter hand the paper to Edward . carter read . edward ( read ) kopi luwak be the world 's most expensive coffee , though , for some , it fall under the category of too good to be true . in the village where the bean be grow life a breed of wild African tree -cat . the cat eat the bean , digest they , then ... ( a beat ; he swallow ) ... then defecate they out for the villager to collect . it 's the gastric juice of the cat that give the coffee its unique flavor and absence of aftertaste ... you be shitting I ? carter cat beat I to it . he burst into weak laughter . Edward stare for a moment then start to chuckle himself . soon both man be laugh until tear stream down they cheek . as he laugh , Edward 's tear become gradually lace with grief as he hold 's Carter 's wrist . carter ( cont 'd ) still have the list ? 114 . edward of course . ( pull it out along with the red pen ) there 's only a few leave . which one do you want to do next ? Carter run a finger down the item , until he reach '' laugh until I cry . '' he cross it off shakily with the pen . only four remain . his finger stop on the half finish '' # 11 ) get back in touch '' Edward see this . carter there 's a difference between die alone and live like you be already dead ... finish the list , Edward . he place the envelope atop the list . carter ( cont 'd ) go home . CUT to : ext . los angele hospital - night Edward emerge through the slide door . he wipe the tear flow from he face , unsure of where to go . dissolve to : int . los angele hospital room - night as holcomb enter , scrubbed for surgery , with several nurse . dr . holcomb we be ready . Carter reach out for Virginia 's hand and press it to he heart . virginia I will be here when you get back . carter forever 's just get start . her hand slip out of he as he 's wheeled out of the room . 115 . int . gulfstream private jet - night Edward lose himself in the raindrop slide down the window as the plane ready for takeoff . he glance down at the envelope in he lap and turn it over . on the front be he name and address . he think a moment , steeling himself before he open it . int . operating theater - night Carter lie unconscious with a tube in he mouth as the surgeon do they work . in contrast to Edward , he look completely at peace . carter ( v.o . ) dear Edward . it 's turn cold out here in Newark and the tree be like skeleton beneath the lamp post . Winter 's almost upon we and despite what the doctor tell I , I know it will be my last . ext . the new york CITY skyline - night see from the Hudson , the mandala of light reflect like jewel in the water . Carter sit on the edge of a pier take in the view ... carter ( v.o. ) you know how I love to tell storey so if you can spare a few minute I think I have get a good one for you ... he return to the letter in he lap , and resume write ... carter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be a old farmer spend he life work the earth to give he family all the care and comfort he have never have . int . gulfstream private jet - night Edward read the word as Carter speak they . 116 . carter ( v.o . ) one day the farmer fall sick and he call he son to he bedside where he take up a bundle of stick and say to he eldest son , " show I that you can break it . '' the son strain and strain , but with all he effort be unable to break the bundle . Edward finish the letter and wipe the tear from he cheek . the flash wing light of the plane reflect the raindrop on the window indelibly onto he face . int . los angele hospital - night see from above as Roger , Lee and Rachel lie in bed with they mother , cling to she as she pray . carter ( v.o . ) the other son also try , but none of they could break it . " untie the bundle , " say the farmer , " and each of you take a stick . " ext . suburb STREET - dawn as Edward walk up the path to he daughter 's house . he knock on the door without hesitation . carter ( v.o . ) when they have do so , he call out to they , " now , break they , " and each stick be easily break ... the door open revealing Emily . she 's surprised and she sleepy feature harden instantly . Edward begin to talk . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no man be a island , my friend . we be just not build that way . int . los angele hospital - night Virginia scoops instant coffee into a styrofoam cup . she look up as holcomb appear at the other end of the hallway walk towards she . his face be unreadable . carter ( v.o . ) you measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you , and no matter how you battle the current -- 117 . ext . emily 's house - dawn Thomas lean against the limo , watch through the window as Carter and Emily speak . her guard be still up , but she 's listen ... carter ( v.o . ) -- we life be stream flow into the same river towards whatever heaven lie in the mist beyond the fall . int . los angele hospital - night we can not see holcomb 's face or what he 's say as he reach Virginia , but she expression say it all . the coffee cup slip from she hand and land at she foot , spilling onto the floor . carter ( v.o. ) find the joy in you life , Edward . Close you eye and let the water take you . int . emily 's house - dawn Edward shake Emily 's hand goodbye . she 's not give in , but it 's a start . he reach for the front door just as a little girl , still half - asleep , come out from the back bedroom . Edward be stunne . carter ( v.o. ) open you heart and listen to the mountain ... he look up at Emily who say something to the little girl . he crouch down as the girl walk right up to he and lay she head on he shoulder . his eye be full as he look up at Emily in amazement then slowly kiss he granddaughter 's head . int . los angele operating theater - night Carter 's face be at peace . Virginia 's face come into frame and kiss he softly . her tear fall onto he eyelid and continue down he cheek . carter ( v.o. ) I promise you will be hear . int . los angele hospital room - night Virginia stand in the doorway , stare at she sleep child . Rachel open she eye and look at she mother . 118 . ext . emily 's house - dawn Edward walk the path towards Thomas and the wait limo . carter ( v.o . ) we be a bundle of stick , you and I , be it in this world or the one that follow . I will be forever grateful for the joy you life have bring to mine . Thomas open the car door for he . thomas so that 's you daughter ? edward ( emotional ) yup . thomas pretty . Edward look angry . Thomas wait for the rebuke . instead , Edward pat he on the shoulder before climb into the car . Thomas look back at the house as the light go out . int . limousine - dawn Edward pull the list out of he pocket . with the red pen he cross out : '' kiss the most beautiful woman in the world . '' carter ( v.o. ) you friend always ... Carter . Edward lower the window and look out at the paint dawn sky as the limo drive away . he stare for several moment then close he eye and listen ... edward ( v.o . ) good afternoon . my name be Edward Cole and I be not much of a storyteller . CUT to : int . large room - day Edward be in he business suit again . his game face on . edward I be a business man , a good one . I run hospital . ( more ) 119 . edward ( cont 'd ) we take sick people and make they well again . sometimes we succeed and sometimes we fail , but we be get better at it every day ... I start out with nothing but cold ambition , and over the year my company grow until I have everything I ever want ... I know now that -- I know now that I be never a wealthy man until my best friend come into my life ... and from this incredible turnout , it only verify the fact that Carter be truly the richest man I know . camera track until we be behind Edward revealing he audience of nearly a thousand mourner fill every last inch of the room include Carter 's family who sit in the front row . familiar face in the crowd include manny , holcomb , nurse shing , parent and player of the soccer team , etc . edward ( cont 'd ) I do not know what most people say at this thing , so I 'il just tell you what I think Carter would want you to know . he 's dead and I still can not shut he up ... he love he child more than he own heart . he love he wife more than he own soul . he take the long way home but he make it back and you take he in and make he whole again and you will never know how grateful he be . his eye move from the family to Thomas who stand against the wall with Emily and she daughter . edward ( cont 'd ) ( take out the bucket list ) we see the world together . pretty amazing when you think that only nine month ago we be stranger ... he save my life , and he know it before I do . with the pen , he cross out : '' help a complete stranger for the good . '' beneath it , the last remain task lie unfulfilled : '' listen to the mountain and be heard . '' slowly , the word on the page -- dissolve to : 120 . ext . the peak of everest - day as the climber from the open scene finally arrive at the peak . edward ( v.o. ) Carter give I a book once . it be about a man who know a thing or two about the world . the climber walk over to a flat stone and lift it onto its side . he remove he glove revealing a wedding ring on he leave hand . edward ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) the man say : '' learn as if you be go to live forever . live as if you be go to die tomorrow . '' his hand lift to he face , remove the oxygen mask and hood revealing thomas . he reach down and lift a frozen chock full o’ nut can from its rest place in the hole beneath the rock . he wipe off a section of frost with he thumb revealing : a photograph tape to the can -- Carter and Virginia at they second wedding surround by they family . Thomas set the can on the snow then open he backpack and reach down to the bottom -- edward ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) tomorrow come for all of we . -- and remove a second chock full 0 's nut can which he place on the ground next to the first . edward ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) it 's what we do in - between that make we who we be . close on a newer photograph ; tape to the second coffee can . it 's Edward . he 's old and grey . carter ( v.o. ) Edward perriman Cole die in May . it be a Sunday , in the afternoon , and there be not a cloud in the sky ... camera pull back to reveal that he 's closely surround by Thomas , Emily and they three child , hand intertwined with -- 121 . -- Carter 's grandchild , each of whom stand with they parent and Virginia . one family . Edward be smile like we have never see . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he be seventy - nine year old . finally , Thomas deposit both can into the hole beneath the rock . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) even now , I can not claim to understand the measure of a life , but I can tell you this ... Thomas replace the rock over the coffee can . carter ( cont 'd ) I know that when he die he eye be close , and he heart be open ... I know that he could hear the mountain ... the camera linger on the rock for a moment then tilt up to reveal the breathtaking view of the entire world below . carter ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) and I know the mountain hear he in return . the end .