'' in t pf ) bas the goonies a screenplay by Chris Columbus fourth draft revise October 12 , 1984 ( with / revision {w / revision {( with / revision ( with / revision ( with / revision ( with / revision ( with / revision of of of of of of octeber 14 , 1984 ) October 23 , 1984 / pink ) December 10 , 1984 / Blue ) December 13 , 1984 / yellow ) December 17 , 1984 / White ) December 17 , 1984 / pink ) January 11 , 1985 / Blue ) a 1a int . walsh home - day . . 1 credit over various close - ups of the goony ' hand and face as they perform the secret goony handshake . it isa very poetic , beautifully synchronize series of movement which display a sense of . kinship and brotherhood . we hear the voice of mikey , recite the goony oath , over this image . . mikey ( v.0 . ) " ] will never betray my goon dock | friend , we will stick together until the whole word end , through heaven and hell , and nuclear war , good pal like we will stick like tar , in the city , or the country , or the forest , or boony , I be proudly declare , one of the goony ! " . fade to black : int . jail - cell block - day , 1a fade in : close -up . the leathery , bullish face of a jail guard . he shout . guard feed time ! . camera pull back . ' the guard stand in a dimly light prison hallway . row of jail cell stretch along the side wall . crowd . with prisoner . the prisoner shout and jeer at the guard . he remove he wooden billy club . give a hard rap to the bar . it echoes through the prison . the guard snarl . : guard the longer you animal bark . .. the colder yer ' lunch get . the prisoner simmer down . the guard insert a key into the master lock . all of ' the cell door OPEN . simultaneously . the prisoner rush out . hungry . the guard shout . 7 guard single file . single file . the prisoner crowd into a line . they pass the watchful guard , who tap he palm . with the threaten billy club . two assistant guard lead the prisoner into another hallway . toward the cafeteria . when all of the prisoner have exite , the guard turn to follow . he pause . hear a noise . .a creaking . the guard turn . he see something . at hallway 's end . in the last cell . a dark figure . swinging back and forth . the guard walk to the cell . curious . cautious . Hand gripping he gun . he stop . continued 2 rev : 10-23-84 outside of the OPEN cell door . he peer inside . he be meet with a shocking sight . int . jake be - cell - day : . ik the body of jake fratelli , a 33 year old excitable boy , * strong , muscular , with the face of a killer . jake be James caan on speed . he hang from a rusty ceiling pipe . his belt be wrap around he neck . his eye be close . his tongue hang out . face freeze in a ghastly position . his body sways . a obvious suicide . a note be pin to Jake 's chest . the guard enter the cell . he grab the note . reading it to himself . ~ guard " you schmuck ! you really think I would be stupid enough to kill myself ? " ( puzzle ) huh ? the guard look up . Jake 's eye be OPEN . he be smiling . '' very alive . before the guard can react , Jake quickly lift he knee . slam ! into the guard 's jaw . the guard . hit the floor . out cold . Jake boost himself out of the noose . we see that the noose be actually attach to a contraption that fit around Jake 's waist . Jake look into the hallway . make sure the coast be clear . he ~ begin to unbutton the guard 's shirt . : CUT to : ext . jail - day Jake run from the jail . a blaring alarm sound ! a group '' of guard run out of the prison , in pursuit of Jake . camera pan to a wait black , nondescript , off road vehicle . lean out the window of the driver 's side , puffing on a cigarette , be mama fratelli . she be a 56 year old , heavyset woman , with grey hair and a menacing , evil face . - she be part marjorie Main , part jungle cat . her son , francis fratelli , - stand outside of the car , hold a can of gasoline . Francis be a 31 year old man with dark hair and craze eye . he resemble Victor jory as injun Joe in the 1938 film " Tom sawyer " . he have just pour a stream of gasoline several foot in front of the off road vehicle . the cop have nearly caught up with Jake . gun drawn , they be ready to shoot ! mama nonchalantly flick she light cigarette to the ground . the cigarette ignite the gasoline . this create a literal wall of FIRE between the cop and jake . Jake and Francis hop into the car . the off Road vehicle drive off . continued o con 3 : rev : 10-14-84 int . 0.r.v. - day , 4 mama drive .. panicked . jupset . she check the rearview mirror . a second police car join the chase . the Police be gaining on they . , ext . eighth STREET - day 5 the police car follow . in hot pursuit down the steep hill . the o.r.v. : 6 take a short CUT , through a stop not snack parking lot . the o.r.v. nearly hit a mexican woman , rosalita . she be asking direction from the store owner , a elderly woman name sylvia keester . rosalita watch in SHOCK as the two police car shoot past she . in pursuit of the o.r.v . ext . house with bad plumbing - day 7 the chase continue through a residential section of town . camera pan to one particular house , several feet away . we dolly into the kitchen window . ae int . kitchen with bad plumbing - day 8 mouth sit on the kitchen sink , watch a old black and white movie on t.v. several cop car chase James cagney 's car , complete with police siren and flying bullet . mouth 's Father , the plumber , work on the pipe below . we see the oncoming chase through the kitchen window . but mouth be transfixed by the television screen . mouth 's father scream . . '' . ' father turn down that goddamn t.v. and come help I with this pipe ! mouth tries to turn down the t.v.. but the volume just seem to get louder and louder , as the real chase blaze past the window over mouth 's shoulder , all of it unseen by mouth . second before the chase pass the kitchen window , mouth 's Father hit the wrong pipe . a gush of water blast through the sink drain . it douse mouth and splatter the window . this create a curtain of water that block mouth 's view of the chase . ooo 10 12 4 Rev. 12/10/84 ext . junkyard - day : : 9 data search through a enormous trash bin , pick up discard wire , cable , etc . data be wear a walkman , it drowns out all sound . he be tinkering with one of he crude invention , a belt buckle suction gun . data decide to test he invention . he step away from the trash bin . he presses a button on he belt that read '' out " ! the belt buckle flip open .. a suction cup , attach to a long wire , shoot out of the buckle . the suction cup stick to the trash bin ! data hit the " in " button on he belt . another mechanism cause the wire to reel the trash bin toward data ! data tries to turn it off ! do not work ! suddenly , the trash bin come to a stop ! wedge between two telephone pole ! the strong force of the wire begin to pull data into the bin ! he can't stop it ! data be pulled inside the bin , a instant before the chase pass by ! int . o.riv . - day '' 10 the speedometer waver past 100 mph . mama glance to the rearview . the cop be still gaining . mama take a sharp turn . out of the junkyard . . the chase continue . move along the MAIN road . int . o.r.v . - day : . il mama be frenzied . wanting to lose the cop . she make a ' quick turn . off of the main road . through the grassy field of a high school football field . ext . high school football field - day 12 tina turner be " better be good to I " blast from the stadium speaker . a group of high school cheerleader practice along with the music . andy , one of the prettiest - girl in town , lead the cheerléader . they be form a pyramid . the chase pass by in the background , unbeknownst to the cheerleader : the music be too loud for they to hear . the 0.r.v. leap a small ditch , out of the parking lot , through a wire fence . a rev . '' 12/10/84 *12r ext . STREET - day l2a * the fratelli 0.r.v. squeal down the street , rapidly overtake : a large van . the elderly cab occupant : ( simon & simone simian ) exchange a content glance . Simon now look at he side view mirror , he expression instantly change to panic as : simone Simon , look out ! the van swerve hard right , allow the fratelli 0.r.v. to screech around it . now suddenly loom up from behind . the right side : a police patrol car ! Simon swing the large van back hard leave to accomodate the patrol car as : . a second patrol car start to overtake the van fron the leave side ! the van spin in confusion , block the road sideway as a third patrol car skid to a stop in front of it , barely avoid a crash . - . the officer inside jump out , head quickly for the van cab . officer this road only run two way , pop , so ... he suddenly stop as he hear frantic pounding and agonized scream from within the rear of the van ! rushing to the side door , the Officer start to jerk it open as : " simon no ! do not ! wait !!! too late ! the door fly open and two huge gorillas leap out , decking the Officer in the process . grunting and squealing with delight at they new - find freedom , they disappear around the corner of the van . ' angle on far side of van the daze Officer round the van in pursuit , scratch he gead , puzzle . the gorilla have disappear . in b.g. we now see , print on the side of the van : bonzo the great and he mate , with a picture of they drive a small red car . 5 Rev. 12/10/84 *12b° ext . putting GREEN & golf club day =. iz * a neatly manicure put green , part of a elegant country club . troy prekins and he father stand on the green . in b.g. a little red golf cart sit , hold they club . Troy hover seriously over a putt , use the knock - kneed stance make famous by Arnold palmer . troy how 's this , daddy ? mr . perkin do not lock you knee when you putt , son . make you look like you have to go to the bathroom . here . watch I ... angle on bushes : ' . the two gorilla emerge from the bush , now catch sight of the red golf cart . eye dance with delight , they circle it curiously , then hop in as : back to GREEN Troy have hear something , wheel in - time to see the gorilla take off in the cart ! his jaw drop in disbelief . troy daddy ... daddy ! two huge hairy thing just steal we cart : Mr. Perkins spin aréund . the cart with the gorilla be disappear into the distance . he squint after it , enraged . mr . perkin hairy thing , my ass ! that 's George and ethel higgenbottom ! I would recognize they anywhere : . ( yell ) I see you , higgenbottom : this conld - mean you membership , you furball ! 13 13 * thry qm tted : thre . + 5 . 1s * a ext . town STREET - day the high speed chase ! ' the two police car still follow the off road vehicle ! it continue through what be normally a very peaceful , coastal town . 17 18 19 20 21 22 ext . marina ~ day : 17 the car be head for a marina . several fishing boat be dock here . stef , a 16 year old girl , work with she Father on a small fishing boat . second before the chase pass , stef , wear a mask and snorkel , duck she head into a tank of water , sorting lobster and crab . as the chase pass out of sight , stef resurface . she 's missed all of it . int . video parlor - day — 18 chunk stand in the window . he be playing a video game , alternate between bit of a giant pizza slice and a chocolate milkshake . the reflection of the chase be visible in the video game window . chunk turn from the window , clumsily spilling the milkshake over he shirt and smearing the window with pizza . chunk stare at the chase . he see the countless bullethole in the 0.r.v. the police car follow . chunk 's eye be wide . startled by the exciting chase . he 's the only goony who 's see it . . 19 omit : : & . 20 ext . STREET - near o0.r.v. race start - day 21 mama check the rearview mirror , see the police close in . the boy look at she in horror . jake we have have it , ma. _ but mama have not lost she confidence . there be a certain gleam in she eye , as if she’ know something . she turn to - she son . _ mama duck down , boy ! the boy '' obey mama . mama reach below the seat and remove a helmet . she put the helmet over she head and pull down the dark face visor . : the o.r.v. : 22 make a sudden turn . the Police try to follow . mama turn ‘onto the town 's MAIN STREET , where a crowd of people have gather to view the cauldron point o.r.v. race . 23 24 25 oq 26 27 _ 7 ext , o.r.v. race starting point ~ day ' 23 forty nondescript -off -road vehicle line up at the start line . all of they driver wear helmet , they dark face visor pulled down . mama' o.r.v. drive up to the starting line and join the race . the starting flag be wave . the race begins . the police car stop at the start line . the policemen : get out . gun raised . ready to shoot . but as the countless vehicle pass , the policeman can only stare in confusion . mama 's o.r.v. be lost in the crowd of similar vehicle . her face be hidden in the crowd of similar face helmet . the race disappear over a hill . dissolve to : ext . o.r.v. race STREET - day 24 ridden with bullethole , mama 's 0.r.v. turn away from the race , take a alternate route . int . o.r.v. ' . 25 mama remove het helmet . ' she - and the boy be laughing . they have lost the cop . they be free . ext . STREET by walsh house - day 26 camera stays with the o.r.v. , as it cruise through the ngoon dock " . a small village , locate in and around the dock . make up of home and SMALL shop . several fisherman and blue collar worker live here . as the 0.r.v.° drive out of town , the camera pan to ° ext . walsh home - day : 27 a 3 story house . simple . plain . this home be in slightly better condition than the other in the goon dock . camera dolly into the home 's picture window . a 13 year old boy stare out the window . mikey walsh . he have obviously just missed the chase . he give a angry , bore shrug . . mikey nuthin ' exciting ever happen around here anyway ! . 28 a int . walsh home - recreation room = : 28 mikey be a 13 year old hypochondriac . cute . a wiry , skinny body . short for he age . brace . shaggy brown hair . a " bruce springsteen " concert T-shirt . fade Levis . velcro sneaker . mikey be in that awkward stage of adolescence . his entire body be go through a change . mikey give himself a shot of promotene mist . angrily staring out the window . mikey . who need the goon dock ! who need this house ! I can not wait to get outta’ here ! rand ( 0.s , really ? '' ( 0 - 8 ) mikey turn from the window . his brother , brand , hang upside down from a chin bar . in the background . he be attach to the bar by metal anklet . brand look nothing like mikey .. brand be a handsome , muscular youth . a jock . his eye be deep blue . his hair dirty blonde . he wear gym short and a half T-shirt over he tanned body . mikey give a honest sigh , let he true feeling through . mikey naw . I be just tryin ' to make myself feel better ... tryin ' to dilute myself ...'er , dilate myself ?... ah .-- dictate ? ' delude " yourself . mikey yeah . brand : I know how ya ' feel , - wimp . I sure be gonna miss this place . y camera follows mikey inside the house . we be in the recreation room of the walsh home . cluttered middle class . sear and roebuck furniture . Montgomery Ward television . - j.c. penney oil painting . mikey sit on the sofa . he | open a " mad magazine " to the back cover . mikey stare at Al jaffee 's " fold in 's . mikey sit , try to figure out the fold in . he repeat the answer to himself . he then fold the magazine together . he have guessed the correct answer . he toss the magazine on the floor . mikey stare . depressed . continued oo , 28 ( cont would ) 9 clarke " mouth " devereux cnter . mouth be the group 28 prankster . a clown . a 15 year old rich little . tall , gawky . curly , unkempt hair . a homely kid . he wear a blue plumber 's shirt , jeans , and sneaker . across he shirt 's back , bright yellow letter spell out : " devereux plumbing '. his shirt be still soaking wet 's from the earlier plumbing fiasco . a wrench , screwdriver and other plumbing tool poke out of he back pocket . mouth have a perpetual smirk on he face . a devilish gleam in he eye . he look around the room , notice the feel of depression in the air . mouth try to liven thing up . mouth wait ?... what 's this ?... finklestein 's funeral parlor ?... lookit ' you guy ! lyin 's around like it be a nuclear Saturday ! c'mon dude ! this be we last weekend together ! the last goony weekend ! we should be goin ' out in style ! cruisin ' the coast ... _ sniffin ' some lace ... downin ' the brews ... ( slap brand in the stomach , John belushi impression ) but noooo00 ....! you have to screw it up . you have to go and flunk you drive test . brand reach out to hit mouth . mouth jump back . out of brand 's reach . they be interrupted by the sound of a ringing gate bell . mouth turn . mouth jerk alert ! mouth point to the sliding glass door . lawrence " chunk " cohen be outside of '' he gate . he be ringing the bell . chunk be 14 year old . pudgy . clumsy . chunk be a chronic liar , the king of fib . he wear a light summer jacket . a bright color hawaiian shirt . large plaid bermuda short . black knee sock . brand new sneaker . chunk shout to the guys» , chunk hey , guy ...¥a ' gotta 's let I in ! 1 just see the most amazing thing ... mouth first ya ' gotta ' do the " truffle shuffle " . continued 10 rev : 10-14-84 it 's obvious that mouth won 't let chunk inside . chunk sigh . he lift up he shirt . chunk expose he soft , pudgy midsection . chunk begin to twist and shake . his belly jiggle . mouth be bent over with laughter . mikey be not amuse . he run to the window , glaring at mouth . mikey cut it out , mouth . mikey open the window . he drop a stone out of the window . in rube goldberg fashion , the rock cause a chain of event that make the gate open for chunk . chunk hurrie through the gate . he enter the house and excitedly look at the boy . chunk you guy shoulda 's see it ... cop car ... chasin ' this four wheel deal ... it be the most amazing thing I ever see ! : mikey more amazing than the time Michael Jackson come over to you house to use the bathroom ? . mouth more amazing than the time you eat > you weight in straw hat pizza ? brand more amazing than the time you save that old people from that nursing home fire ? : chunk honest you guy . this time it 's for real . . no one believe chunk . suddenly , we hear the jame bond theme ! it echoes from outside . with that , as if it be . «some sort of ritual , mikey . stand and open the window . - 29 mikey' p.o.v . 29 mikey sees ricky " data " wang . a 13 year old technical genius . data be chinese . small framed . thin . he wear circular , wire rimmed spectacle . a " prince " T-shirt . jeans . nike . he be never see without he large , japanese CO ) continued o 29 ( cont would ) il rev : 10-14-84 backpack and flowing white cape . his dark eye be 29 ' piercing . intelligent . data see himself as agent 007 . data stand on the window of he home . he have attached himself to a clothes line that connect mikey 's house to data 's . a large portable cassette player be strapped to data 's chest . the bond theme blare from the cassette . data fly from he house to mikey 's . he shoot through the open window , and fall into mikey , who shoot back , ~ collide with the bottom half of upside - down brand , who in turn arc up , clunking chunk . chunk fall backward and knock a miniature marble replica of michaelangelo 's david to the floor . the statue land with a thud ! unk nervously pick up the statue . it seem to be in one piece . ' but he be meet with a shocking sight . the statue 's penis have cracked off . mikey give himself another shot of promtene mist , and pick up the break statue . he hold the statue in one hand and the penis in the other . mikey panic , hold out the break penis high in the air . _ mikey . . oh my God ! this be my Mom 's favorite piece ! mouth you would not be here if it be not ! data open a map and look at the guy . '' data any a' you guy ever hear of Detroit ? mouth great place . it 's where motown start . ( data smile ) also get the high murder rate in the country . . data b ( frown } : we well , that 's where we be movin ' when we lose we house tomorrow . : mikey you shut up about that stuff . it will never happen . dad 'li fix it . brand not unless he get he next 400 paycheck by tomorrow afternoon . ( lead kid to window ) c'mon . check this out . continued ~~ oo 29 ( cont would ) 30 12 brand lead the kid to a window .. they look out .- 29 goonies - p.o.v. 30 Three men in leisure suit be look at mikey 's home . they seem to be discuss the entire area . one of they carry a surveyor 's transit . they point , gesture and even laugh . one man pick up a straight branch and imitate a golf swing . . brand lookit ' they . - smilin ' . . mouth practic 'ly droolin . data they can not wait until tomorrow when they foreclose on all the whatever ... mouth ... and trash the ' goon dock . brand when they wreck cur house , I hope they make it the sand trap ... mikey . ... and they never get they ball out . data ._ , ( angry ) a this be war . go on , mikey ... open that window ..- I will get them . I get all my special 007 assault option all rig . . . ( shout ) glass of death ! — he open he jacket and remove the cassette player . Inside of he shirt , be a crude device that be cover with different cord . attach to the cord be SMALL , color code plastic ring . data pull one of the cord . two rubber tip dart fly out of the side of data 's glass . the dark malfunction , pull off data 's glass , and attach themselves to the window . angry , he scream . data '' pincher of peril ! continued lan '' 30 ( cont would ) 13 rev : 10-14-84 he pull another cord . a mechanical device , very similar to 30 the " chest buster " in " alien " , burst out of data 's chest . the device be plastic , mechanical chatterbox teeth , with a homemade super spring for super grip . it shoot forward across the room . the tooth be attach to a thick metal coil , similar to a slinky . the tooth grasp onto the walsh drape and hang there . data tries to pull a few more cord . nothing work . data be losing he temper , ready to explode . mouth put he arm on data 's shoulder to calm he . mouth . cool it , double - oh=negative ! mikey yeah , data . none a! you stuff ever work anyway - irene walsh , mikey and brand 's mother , enter . irene be in she early forties . Light brown hair . slender . dress in a plaid skirt and monogrammed sweater . pretty , with a warm , kind face . her arm be in a sling . broken . stand with she be rosalita , a middle - age , pudgy mexican woman . the new maid ( whom we have see in the first scene ) . mikey quickly pass the break statue of David behind he back , to chunk . chunk nervously cover the break statue '' with he jacket . irene look at mikey and brand . irene ( turn to rosalita ) boy ... this be rosalita . ( motion to she break arm ) because of my accident with that spindryer ... rosalita 's here to help 's - with the pack . the boy wave . rosalita smile . irene rosalita do not speak a word of English . and I be wonder if , well ... I know some of you have take Spanish in school -- '' 's ~ mouth I speak perfect Spanish , Mrs. walsh . mikey roll he eye at data . irene smile at mouth . irene that 's wonderful , Clarke . I need help explain some thing to rosalita ... if you would come with we ... . continued oo 30 ( cont would ) 31 14 mouth shoot to he foot , hurry to irene 's side . she 30 turn to leave . pausing . she notice brand hang upside : down . irene . brandon , dear ... please be careful . do not get a animalistic ...'er , annualism ... mmmmm , ah ... brand that 's " anuerism '' , ma. irene yes . right. anuerism . irene turn and exit with mouth and rosalita . chunk catch he breath . he pick up the statue . a large hole surround the statue 's groin . chunk give a hopeful look to - mikey . . chunk . think you Mom 's gonna notice ? . CUT to : int . master bedroom walsh home . 31 irene enter with rosalita and mouth . irene walk to a set of dresser drawer . she point each drawer out to rosalita . irene sock and underwear in the top drawer . shirt and blouse in the second . pant in the bottom . always separate the clothes . rosalita stare blankly . irene turn to mouth . irene : can you translate that ? mouth nods . with a evil grin , he point out the dresser drawer to rosalita . mouth ( Spanish , English subtitles ) the marijuana go in the top drawer . the cocaine and speed in the second . heroin in the bottom . always separate the drug . rosalita give a shocked lock . irene smile , think mouth have translate she direction perfectly . o 32 33 34 35 be int . live room 32 camera stays behind the statue . the boy try to put the statue 's penis back into place . chunk perform the delicate task . use elmer 's glue . finish , chunk give a hopeful look to the other . ; chunk how 's that ? the boy break up with laughter . brand slap chunk in the ‘head . : '' camera circle to the front of the statue . chunk have glue the penis on upside down . brand God do not mean it to go that way . if he do ... you would : all be pissing in you face . int . upstair hallway ' 33 irene exit the master bedroom with rosalita and mouth . irene point to a trap door in the ceiling . she look at ' rosalita . : : irene that 's the attic . Mr. walsh do not like anybody up there . never . irene nods to mouth . turn to rosalita , he begin he translation . mouth ( Spanish , English subtitles ) never go up there . '' it 's fill with Mr. walsh 's sexual torture device . rosalita 's face go white with fear . omit =~ : 34 int . bathroom 35 irene and mouth enter with the horrified - rosalita . irene open a supply closet . she point inside . continued oo i 35 ( cont would ) 36 16 . irene this be the supply closet . you will 35 find everything you need inside . - broom . mop . insect spray . lysol . irene nods to mouth . he look at rosalita . mouth ( Spanish , English subtitles ) if you do a bad job , you will be locked in here with the cockroach ! for two week without food and water . int . recreation room . 36 irene , mouth and a nauseous rosalita enter . the boy be gathere around the television . play marble . feign innocence . , irene ( kiss to he cheek ) thank you , Clarke . that be so nice of you . mouth Nice be my middle name , Mrs. walsh . irene spot the ' statue . back in its original place . leaf over its genitals . she sigh , know that chunk be responsible . she turn to chunk . L irene lawrence ... ( indicate that she want the statue ) chunk pick up the statue and give it to she . irene hold the statue . she remove the leaf . ' the penis begin to fall off the statue . slowly tilting . falling over . the glue stretch . mikey sep this and take a hit from the promotene mist . rosalita be , of course , shocked and make the sign of the cross . irene give a flustered nod . she turn to brand . irene I be take rosalita to the grocery store . I will be home in about a hour . '' ( more ) } continued for 36 ( cont would ) - 417 : irene ( cont would ) 36 ( see mikey take hit ) brandon , you stay inside with mikey - tf he 's get asthma ... he should not be out in the rain . . brand he should be in a plastic bubble . irene I be serious , brandon . he take one step outside , and you be .. - you're ... ( try to come up with something hip ) Dead meat . . brand give a reluctant sigh . irene and a frighten rosalita exit . brand leap at mikey . tackling he . brand you want a breathin ' problem ? you get one ! brand hold mikey in a strangling headlock . mikey be wheeze , cough . mikey struggle in the background . brand finally push mikey away . mouth , ponder something , look at mikey . mouth hey ... what 's you Father , gonna do with all that stuff in the attic ? mikey he 's gonna give it back to the museum ... or to whoever they pick to be the new Assistant curtain ...er , curley ... '' brand curator . |- : - mouth that mean it 's all gonna go to the rich people anyway . let 's . go up and see if there 's anything we can take for we parent . everyone join in with a " yeah ! cool ! let' do vi the kid run offscreen . only mikey stay behind , protesting . continued 18 rev : 10-14-85 36 mikey 36 * ( cont would ) hey , guy ... my dad 's responsible for . all that stuff ... do not wreck any -. thing ... I will bet the museum 's get a list of it all somewhere ... guy ?’.. mikey follows the guy offscreen . : cur to : 37 int . attic . 37 dark . dusty . the attic be crowded with historical cauldron Point museum piece . they date from the middle and late sixteenth century . there be oil painting , sculpture , antique furniture , costume , whaling harpoon , pirate and fishing memorabilia , etc . : a large skylight loom over . the priceless collection . black , raging storm cloud be visible through the skylight window . the.oncome rumbling of thunder can be hear . the boy enter through a trap door in the floor . brand be first . he shine he . flashlight through the attic . the nother follow . mikey be the last to clumb inside . he see the attic for the first time . shocked . amazed . all of the boy stare wide eye at the roomful of item . mouth I can not believe something ' this cool be in you house . chunk . yeah . we only keep old Christmas decoration in we attic . - thundercrack ! a flash of lightening . from the skylight a mosaic of rain pattern slowly dance across the goony . mikey ( frighten ) okay . you guy see it . let 's get '' outta’ here . brand _ whatsa ' matter ? scare again ? mikey yeah ... just like you in the elevator . brand 's eye burn . he grab mikey in another headlock . continued 37 '' ( cont would ) be brand , 37 you shut up about that elevator ! you understand ? huh ? mikey force a nod . wheezing . brand release he grip . mikey lie on the floor . catch he breath . mikey can we go now ? it 's dusty up here . : my hay fever 's actin’ up . . brand lead mikey and the other on a trek through the attic . mikey follow . suddenly , a high pitched voice interrupt . . mouth ( 0.s. ) mikey ...0h , mikey ... you be such a cute little boy .:. come and kiss I .. , the boy turn to the direction of the voice . it echoes from behind the tatter oil painting of the naked woman and pirate Captain . a tongue jut out of a tear in the woman 's mouth , lasciviously lick its lip . mikey stare . shocked . brand and data share a chuckle . suddenly , a finger pop out of each of the woman 's nipple . the finger twist and turn . creating a bizarre image . mouth call out , again imitate a woman . ~ . mouth ( 0.s. ) . come here , mikey . make I feel like a woman . . mikey stop bein ' so pervert , mouth . you be wreckin' the painting . mouth 's head pop up from behind the painting . mouth easy , dude . it be already trash . the kid continue walking through the attic . they investigate the various item . what 's all this stuff ? mikey the museum do some kinda ' show ... ya ' know ... ' bout the history of we town ... it be call ...ah ... mmmm ... a vatropack ? . brand retrospective . continued '' 37 ( cont would ) 20 : mikey 37 yeah . anyway ... this be the reject . chunk kinda ' like we . mikey shrug . the boy rummage through the item . each of the boy grab a particular piece of pirate clothing or equipment . mikey put on a eye patch . mouth and data find large pirate hat with feather . brand grab a sword . chunk put on a-pirate coat and scarf . . : as the boy contiriue to investiage , data stare in awe . data '' just think of it ... all this stuff belong to guy who walk on the same ground that we do ... go swimmin ' in the same Ocean , breathe the same air ... chunk . yeacchhh . they have to breathe the herring Factory air too ? data naw ... they do not have herring then . this be right after Christopher Columbus ... the 16th century ... they only have ship . they be adventure guy and explorer ... they make map and capture Indians and spend all they time killin ' each other with sword ... ya ' know ... errol Flynn stuff . '' mikey flip through a collection of frame portrait and photograph , he spot something that catch he interest . a framed map . but the map be impossible to read . it be cover by a yellowed , dusty piece of glass . mikey try to remove tie frame . wo not budge . he turn over the map . the back be cover by a sheet of wood .. there be only one way to read the map : break the glass . mikey can not bring himself to do it . continued 37 ( cont would ) 21 he see chunk struggling to remove a paint can from he 37 foot . ' mikey smile . a idea . mikey hold out the map to chunk . mikey hey , chunk ..- hold this for I . chunk give a nod . he take the map from mikey . mikey turn . pretend to examine another frame picture . waiting . within a matter of second chunk lose he balance . he drop the map . it hit the floor . its glass cover shatter into a million piece . mikey pick up the map . he feign a angry look at chunk . ; mikey _ can not you do anything right ? chunk give a embarrassed shrug . mikey pick up the map . he remove a few small remain piece of glass . the map easily slide out of the frame . along with a small , golden doubloon that be fix in the map 's frame . mikey study the map and the doubloon . the map be now completely visible . it be peautifully detailed . elaborate . hand painted . all of the write on the map be . in spanish . the map be sign " one eyed willy " ! mikey stare at the signature . there be a intricate draw of a coastline . the coastline lead to a mountainous cliff . below the cliff be a large " X " . camera dolly toward the ux , mikey be fascinated by the.map . brand suddenly grab the map out of mikey 's hand . the other guy gather around , all wear various piece of pirate clothing and equipment . chunk look over mikey 's shoulder , study the doubloon . : chunk this say , " 1532 " , ' Zat a year ? mouth : _ it 's you top score on " pole position " . data ( run he finger along the map 's coastline ) maybe that 's how it use to look ... ya ' know ... before they put up all the Wendy 's and McDonald 's . continued 37 ( cont would ) 22 rev : 12-17-84 chunk , : 37 all the good stuff . brand . ( point to Spanish phrase , that headline the map ) what 's all this Spanish junk ? . mouth ( translate ) " chunk 's ... Father ..- . screw ... sheep " . chunk hit mouth . mouth give a obnoxious cackle and shrug . he translate again . mouth '' ye intruder beware crush death and grief , soak with blood , of the trespasp thief " everyone give mouth a puzzle look . mouth raise he hand in the boy scout pledge . he 's telling the truth . . data : that map 's old news . everybody and he grandfather go after that thing when we parent be we age . do not ya ' ever hear of that pirate guy ? ' one eyed willy " ?... mikey * hey ! one eyed willy ! he be the biggest pirate of he time ! my dad tell I all about he one night . brand * yeah . dad will tell you anything to get you to go to sleep . mikey . ( ignore he ; to other ) '' he have million in treasure , see , but the King send he ship after he . $ of willy take he ship , call the inferno , and duck into this cave to hide . but the King 's man seal he up inside it with cannon fire . : mouth . . * you dad oughta write Saturday morning tv junk for teeny Little kid - like you . continued 37 ( cont would ) 22a rev : , mikey my dad tell I the truth ! and he tell I that willy and he punch spend year hide out down there , building this underground cave , load with all kindsa booby trap to protect : the treasure . chunk find a newspaper clipping . it be a frame , . yellow paper with a photo of a smile man who _ bear a strange resemblance to gabby haye in a miner' hat . chunk read the headline . chunk guy , look at this ! " Chester copperpot miss in Pursuit of local legend !... reclusive scavenger .- claim : ' I have the key to one eyed willy ! " 37 ( cont would ) 38 23 rev : 10-14-84 data 37 nobody ever find nothing . why do ya ! think that map 's sit up here instead of in a safety deposit box somewhere ! mikey 's eye be wide . hopeful . mikey but ... but what if ... what if , you si ! what if this lead to " one eyed willy 's " rich stuff ?... brand ( interrupt , to kid ) take off all that junk . my Mom 's gonna come back . the kid remove all of the pirate clothing and equipment . the doorbell ring and the kid rush down to see who be at the front door . int . recreation room 38 Three man in leisure suit stand outside of the screen door , like dangerous apparition . they talk to the kid as though they be infant . one guy keep practice he golf : swing . perkin hello , little guy . I be Mr. Perkins . Troy 's father . brand ( respectfully ) my dad 's not here , Mr. Perkins . perkin - be you mommy home ? ~ brand . ( bristle at this remark ) no , sir . she 's out at the market buy pamper for all we kid . '' perkin ( a false laugh ) well , you can give this papers to you Father to read over . , . . and sign . somebody from my office will pick they up in the morning . . continued mn 38 ( cont would ) 39 24 , the door be close . 38 mikey what be all that stuff ? brand it 's dad 's business . brand be very depressed . the boy take pause as they look - at the complicated legal form and back out at the depart man . mikey stare . dreaming . mikey if I find rich stuff ... 1'd pay all my dad 's bill . maybe he could get to sleep at night ... instead of sittin ' up try ' to figure out a- way for we to stay here . all the boy yeah . I too . I three . '' the boy pause . worried . brand break the silence by suddenly pulling mikey by the hair . brand you can forget about any adventure , limp lung ... if I take you out , Mom '1i ground my ass . and I get a- date with Andy on Friday . mouth ' you be dreamin ' , dude . besides ... who 's gonna drive you ? her parent ? then you gotta make it with she and she mother . brand eat it , mouth . ' brand walk back to he exercise area . mikey , see that brand be out of sight , sneakily remove the map from beneath he shirt . he open the map . the guy push in , all look with dreamy speculation . camera dolly into the map . a flash of lightening sparkles the map . match CUT to sky 39 a long , thin crack of lighten shoot across the sky . cur to : 40 41 42 43 44 25 rev : 10-14-84 insert - television - MTV logo 40 insert - one marble shoot into a triangle of marble 41 insert '' a chest exerciser be pulled across a tense chest . 42 int . walsh house - day 43 recreation room . several minute later . mikey , chunk , mouth , and data be gather in the recreation room , playing marble . a look of extreme guilt cover all they face . brand be in the background . he sit in a chair . shirt off . he pull a metal , spring chest exerciser across he chest . mouth give a sly look back at brand . he turn to the other and nods . they nod back . mouth , chunk , and data sneak up behind brand . meanwhile , mikey gather he marble and put they into a small leather pouch . he stuff the pouch into he pocket . the kid sneak around the corner . all three quickly grab '* the chest exerciser out of brand 's hand ! they wrap 1t around brand 's chest and arm ! before brand can react , mouth clamp the two end of the exerciser together . brand be trapped . unabie to move : the exerciser work like heavy metal chain . it secure brand to the chair . brand hey ! wait ... lemmee out ! CUT to : ext . walsh house 44 the goony , walk through 's the backyard , careful not to _ wake grandpa , who lie asleep on a hammock . the kid whisper * to each other : all : : no ( whisper ) . '' careful , do not wake grandpa ! shhh ! do not wake he ! " just as the kid round the corner of the house , a devious mouth give a light shove to the hammock , cause grandpa to wake . . close up - ten speed bicycle tire a hand be letting the AIR out of the tire . camera pull back . we see that mouth be let the air out of brand 's continued . 44 26 bike tire . in ' the background , mikey , chunk and data climb 44 ( cont would ) onto they bike . 45 46 mikey ( to mouth ) , it take he 376 lawn job to pay for that . it 's he most favorite thing in the world . : mouth a , now it 's he most flattest thing in the world . mikey hear brand scream from inside . brand ( 0.s. ) mikey ..- I be gonna hit you so hard , when you wake up ... you clothes be gonna be outta ' style . mikey pause . then follows the other . as he shoot out of the driveway , bruce springsteen be " cover I " fill the soundtrack . ext . STREET ( past museum ) . / 45 the boy on they bicycle . each boy 's bike fit they individual personality . the boy pass the town museum . mikey 's Father be work on the museum 's rooftop , hammering a leaky shingle . mikey shout , " hi , dad ! " to he Father . hello ! mr. walsh int . walsh house - recreation room _ 46 '' : brand be still trap in the chair . grunting . groaning . struggling with the metal spring . brand cause the chair to bounce and move backwards . the kitchen door suddenly open . rosalita , the may , stand in the doorway . her arm be fill with groceries . she see brand bouncing toward her . like a oncoming freight train . this bizarre image only confirm she worst fear about this house . rosalita scream and drop she grocery . irene walk up behind rosalita . irene see the bond brand bounce on the chair . she chuckle . irene brandon . why can not you do sit up or push up like normal kid ? continued oo q my 46 ( cont would ) 47 48 27 irene and a horrified rosalita walk by . brand give a 46 helpless look . cur to : ext . stop 'n snack 47 mouth , chunk , data and mikey speed by on they bike . mikey hold the open map . his eye constantly glance to it . he be obsessed with follow the map . up ahead be the stop 'n snack . teenage hangout . mouth , chunk , and data turn they bike toward the stop 'n snack . mikey continue forward . he suddenly stop , realize that the kid have leave he . ' mikey turn and see the other enter the stop 'n snack . he shout and hold up the map . mikey : hey , guy ... what about this ? huh ? ext . walsh house 48 brand run out the front door , chest exerciser in hand . we hear irene shout from inside . irene — do not come home without ' you brother ! or I will commit Hare krishna . brand nmumble to himself ) that 's Hare kari , ma. brand see the air out of he bike tire . his eye fill with rage . he kick the bicycle over . he look around . Riding in the driveway be data 's sister . she be riding a tiny girl bike . paint bright purple , with pink flower . training wheel be attach to the rear wheel . brand have no other choice . it 's the only mean of transportation in sight . he run to the driveway , pick up the girl , remove she from the bike . brand hop on the bike . he pause , look back to the girl and give she the chest exerciser . : brand here . Trade ya ' . ' the girl stare at the éxerciser . brand awkwardly pedal out of the driveway . the girl burst into tear . continued 28 rev : 10-14-84 int . stop not snack . 49 sylvia keester , a obese , elderly woman , work the check - out counter . data be purchase a pack of baseball card . . sylvia ring up the order on the computer cash register . the computer jam . sylvia pound the cash 's register . frustrate . data open a tiny door on the register . he begin to fiddle with two small wire . mouth stand by the magazine rack . a sly look in he eye , mouth slip a copy of '' playboy " magazine behind a copy of " omni " . he begin to read . chunk stand beside the junk food . he look around . Coast be clear . chunk hurriedly tear open a twinkie . he quickly slurp out the twinkie 's creme fill . he rewrap the hollow twinkie and put it back on the shelf . mikey enter the store . he rush over to chunk . mikey wave the map in chunk 's fate . mikey hey , chunk ... c'mon ... we be gonna look for rich stuff ... we gotta do something now !! chunk be too busy eat hostess filling to speak with mikey . a frustrated mikey run over to data , who be still fiddel with the cash register . mikey data , what if they make we move ? where we gonna go ? sylvia : do not bother ' im while he 's workin’ . " mikey sigh . he run to mouth . mikey what if they start tear down we house ? . _ mouth ' easy , dude - - let you folk handle this . that 's they job ... we job be to get through the weekend without * destroy too many braincelis . mikey give himself a shot of promotene mist . he grab a mad magazine , and as always , guess the fold in . he suddenly notice something . on the lower magazine rack . it 's a section of dusty , " cauldron point " tourist map . mikey grab one of the map and open it . continued 49 ( cont would ) meanwhile , chunk have make he way to the frozen treat 49 freezer , he open the freezer door . he poke he head deeply inside . out of sight , he open a container of hagen daas . he take a few lick from the top . then quickly close the lid . he grab another container . he 's go to sample everything . data still fiddle with the cash register . it suddenly beeps and light . it 's working again . good as new . sylvia give a satisfied ruffle to data 's hair . sit on the floer , mikey have opened the tourist map and the museum map . he have laid they side by side . mikey be comparing the two . camera dolly into the two map . the coastline path of both map be identical . several key rock and cliff also match . mikey 's eye be bright . hopeful . he nods to himself . mumbling . mikey I know where this be . suddenly , mouth 's voice echoe through the store . : mouth jerk alert ! mouth point to the entrance door . troy perkin strut in . like he owns the place . Troy be 17 year old . tan . ' cocky . he 's dress in a white polo tennis outfit . expensive tennis shoe . his hair be neatly style . a spoiled rich brat . he life in a expensive home on the hillside . walk beside Troy be andrea " andy " carmichael . she be 16 year old . the face of a angel . smooth , creamy complexion . her-thick , bright red hair fall to she shoulder . her bright GREEN eye be dazzel . she be slender . fill with ENERGY . a beauty . stili in she cheerleader outfit . she istwear Troy 's white letter sweater . Troy 's name be write in script on the bottom of the sweater . Andy also life on the hillside . walk beside Andy be stefanie " stef " steinbrenner , also age 16 . Andy 's best friend . stef be short . pudgy . Dark brown hair . glass . she be wear denim fisherman coverall . . stef be tough . quick witted . bright . she live in the '' goon dock " . Troy walk straight to the magazine rack . he grab the " playboy " Magazine from mouth and begin to page through . mouth , so angry he 's be render speechless , glare at Troy . mouth back off and pick up another magazine . mikey sees Andy . a vision . he stare at she with adoring eye . continued ( ) 49 stet ~ teant would } 30 and mouth exchange a glance . stef crinkle she nose . 4g stef you still smell like a plumber 's son . mouth you still smell like a fisherman 's daughter . . Troy nudge Andy . troy hey , Andy !... . she turn . Troy hold up the " playboy " centerfold . written above the photo , in large red letter , be the word , " can you measure up " ? Troy give a lecherous grin to Andy . troy can you measure up ? Andy look away . embarrassed . Troy emit a horse ' laugh . mikey give a painfully honest look to Andy . . : mikey . you be a lot prettier than that , Andy . Andy smile . give a casual , brotherly , ruffle to mikey 's hair . mikey smile . in heaven . meanwhile , chunk still have he head buried in the freezer . Troy notice . he walk over . . he bring the freezer door down on chunk 's head . ' trapping chunk in the freezer . chunk panic . Troy chuckle . : : troy my Mom 's makin ' a " goon pizza " tonight . she 's gonna need some freeze dough . * mikey notice . he shout to Troy . -. mikey why do not you leave ' im alone ?!? Troy pause . he release he grip on chunk . Troy walk back to mikey . troy do I hear right ? do I hear a goony tell I what to do ? : continued oy if 49 ( cont would ) 31 Troy tower over mikey . he 's ready to hit mikey , when he 49 notice the ancient map . resting on the floor . he realize that it 's important to mikey . he turn from mikey and grab the old map . mikey claw at Troy . mikey : . let go . that 's art you be messin’ with . Troy hold the map high in the air . above mikey 's reach . Troy be confuse by the map . but he realize its importance to the boy . Troy grab a pack of cigarette tobacco from the counter . he pour the tobacco out onto the map . he begin to roll the map . like a cigarette . he give a evil grin to the boy . : troy just can not get roll papers like this anymore . - mikey tries to grab the map . Troy give he a hard shove . tt knock mikey to the floor . Troy finishes roll the large " cigarette " . he remove a butane lighter from he pocket . flick . a large flame appear . ' Troy move the flame to the end of the " cigarette " . he light up ! the. boy watch in horror as Troy take a long puff . the end of the map burn ! crinkling ! mikey hide he eye . Troy blow out smoke ring . he give a relieved sigh . a few more puff and the map will be destroy ! Troy move to take another puff . mouth walk up . he raise he eyebrow , do he jack nicholson impersonation . : mouth ya ' know ... the way you be puffing 's on that cigarette ... it remind I of somethin’ . troy yeah ? what 's that ? mouth a the time . I french kiss you mother . Troy 's eye fill with murder . he drop the map . leaping for mouth . mikey quickly grab the map . stomping out the fire . Troy have tackled mouth . he be throwing punch : ~ mouth cover he face . mikey leap onto Troy . mikey grab _ Troy around the neck , try to pull he off mouth . in the background , data try to help mikey ! data open he shirt and pull a cord ! he shout " smoke screen " ! a rubber garden hose shoot out of data 's sleeve . but instead of emit a steady stream of smoke , the hose slowly smolder . data hold he arm in pain , as if it be on FIRE . he run continued ~ ( cont would ) 32 to a ice machine and burry he arm into the ice ! a smile 49 of relief cover he face . meanwhile , Troy be busy defending himself against mikey . Troy turn and grab mikey with he leave hand . Troy pull back he right hand , ready to punce mikey in the face . as Troy 's hand fly toward mikey , it be suddenly grabbed , stop in midair , by another hand . camera pull back . we see that brand have grab hold of Troy 's fist . brand glare at Troy . . ' brand nobody hit my brother except I ! afraid of brand , Troy get off mikey . the boy be relieved . brand grab Troy by the shirt . ready to fight . Troy look away . scare . mikey watch , he eye beam with pride . brand release he grip on Troy . Troy stand . forcing a cocky grin , he look at all of the goony . troy can not wait till Monday ... when my dad kick you all out in the street . ( imitate golf swing ) while you goony be pilin ' all you stuff into move van ... I will be tee off on what use to be you front lawn . Troy chuckle . he turn to Andy . _ troy we court time start in five minute . I will be wait outside . Andy give a nonchalant shrug . brand turn to Andy . he shoot she a jealous look . Troy strut out of the stop 'n snack , through the window , we see he get into he bright '' red , mustang convertible . mikey have unrolled the map . it have survive the burn with only 'a tiny singe edge . brand turn to Andy . they eye meet , a look of tragic desire ! they want to be together , but this be not the time . she flash she pretty eye . brand sort of melt own . brand turn to mikey . he grab the map from mikey . slapping mikey 's head . continued ~ 49 ( cont would ) 50 sl 52 53 33 rev : 10-14-84 brand 49 Mom 's waitin ' for you . you just blow you whole life , pal . * ( to the other guy ) . the rest of you guy , too ... you be all history . we do not need friend like you in we life ! . with that , brand tuck the map into he back pocket . mouth walk up to brand . mouth turn on the phony charm , put he arm around brand . mouth start to sing . . mouth . — '' here 's to good friend , tonight be kinda ' special ; the beer we pour , must be something more somehow ... " as he continue to sing , motth use he free hand to remove the map from brand 's pocket . brand shove mouth away . brand you do not have to drink to make friend , wimp . ~ mouth turn to the other goony and show they the map . they make a run for it . a befuddle brand reach into he back pocket , ' realize that the map be go . he run after the kid . ext . stop 'n snack - day 50 mikey , mouth , data and chunk hurriedly ride off on they - bicycle . mouth hold the rolled map under he arm . brand dash outside . he sees the boy ride off into the distance . ext . STREET leading out of town = day ' : $ 1 close up - mikey , check the map . camera pull back . the kid be riding they bike , move further up the coastal highway . the springsteen song blast from data 's stereo . the kid continue to look back . omit 52 ext . country . - club road - day 53 chunk turn to he right . he see the hillside country club . chunk point to the Club , look at data . continued 53 ( cont would ) 54 my dad try to join there once . when he still have he job . but they would not let we in . data ' you kiddin ' ? they would not let none of we in . that place be kinda 's like the " dairy Queen " . they only get one flavor . : ext . road near rock - day 54 mikey' p.0.v . + three tall narrow rock jut out of the ocean . in - a " V " pattern . mikey pause . thinking to himself . mikey I know this place ... it hit he . a realization ! mikey nods to himself . mikey that 's it . that 's it . camera pan from mikey . to he p.o.v. : a tall , natural -. obelisk . it stretch several hundre feet '' into the air . a 55 very steep hill . very wide . line with juiting , jagged rock . the coastal Road be directly in front of it . at the obelisk , the road make a sharp turn . veer off into a different direction . ext . road through wood - day 55 brand be way behind the kid , furiously pedale the girl 's pink bicycle . Troy 's red mustang be . come up behind brand . the mustang start to smoke rubber , and reduce speed from 75 to 5 mph . the mustang ride beside brand . Troy chuckle . Andy '' look away , embarrassed . stef turn to Andy . . : '' - . stef no wonder he can not get a license . brand turn away . angrily huffing and puffing . as Andy and stef look at brand , Troy be slyly adjust the rearview mirrow , tilting it downward in order to see down into Andy 's shirt . Andy notice . she glare at Troy . continued 55 ( cont would ) 55 a 55 B 35 andy . 55 Troy ... you touch that mirror again and I swear to God I will sock you in the mouth ! Troy quickly move he hand from the mirror . Andy look back to brand , try to be nice . . _ andy brand ... can we give you a lift somewhere ? brand smile , he eye lock with Andy 's in a moment that tell we they be " communicate " . Troy notice this and fume . he force a smile to brand . : troy yeah , walsh ... grab hold of something ' you can handle . brand grab hold of the door handle . Troy tightly grasp brand 's wrist . Troy turn up the radio and floor the gas . brand be trapped . the mustang be true to its stat , it go from zero to sixty in 8.0 second ... and so do brand . the bike pedal be churn so quickly , brand have to lift he foot from the bike . Andy scream . andy - Troy !!! let ' im go !!!! you be go too fast !! you be gonna kill ' imi !!! let ' im go !!! Troy nods and release he grip on brand . Troy smile at brand . troy so long , sucker . the mustang make a sharp turn off the main road . but brand keep go . his training wheel fall off . all the rubber on the tire peel off , smoke , and the bike move only on the cxim , sparking like mad ! the little bike be last see disappearing off the shoulder and into a field of tall grass . : : insert - ext . road with mossy tree . ssa the boy follow the map . insert - ext . bridge by beach 55b they walk they bike . across the bridge ee : 55d sse 56 57 36 insert - ext . rocky beach 55 ¢c mikey know where they be head insert - ext . hollow with mossy tree 7 55d they continue to follow the map insert - ext . spot to triangulate rock 55e mikey be able to line up the 3 rock and the lighthouse through the notches in the coin . ext . hill above lighthouse '’- day 56 mikey arrive at the top . data and chunk be behind hin , follow by mouth . they stand on the edge of the hill . they be meet with a surprising sight . below the boy , on the opposite side of the hill , be a tiny area of land . a mini - penninsula . thrash ocean wave and jutting rock surround the grassy penninsula . a small cemetary be build on a small section of land . potter' field . crowd with ald , crooked , gravestone . built beside the cemetary be ext . lighthouse lounge - day : 57 a rectangular , one story building . run down . distorted by the year . its white wood exterior be cracked and rotting . the building be crooked . its window twisted and dirty . a break red and green neon sign hang over the building . a tall , crooked lighthouse be build beside the building . a open-closed sign hang in the front door window . the heavy ' wind blows the sign . spinning it around . we aren't certain if the place be open or closéd . shadow pass by the dirty window . there be a sinister , eerie quality to this place . ' mikey stare . in awe . mumbling to himself , he excitedly look at the map . but the map seem to end . mikey be . puzzle . he suddenly get a idea . he fold the map like a mad magazine back cover . to mikey 's delight , the fold piece form another map . mikey remove the doubloon from he pocket . when he place the doubloon over the map , everything appear to be more clear . he get everyone attention , point to the map . mikey see this ... here 's where we be now . mikey point to the " X " below the cliff . SMALL footprint have be sketch on the map . they form a line from the bottom of the hill to the " xxx " . continued 37 choose mikey 37 ~ ( cont 'a ) this be where the rich stuff 's 's pury ... ( point back to house ) down there some place . mouth read the spanish phrase write beside the footprint . : . mouth " six time five , stretch foot , to lowest point , get the treat ! " the boy pause . figure out the riddle . | ' mikey six time five . that 's thirty . data stretch foot ... you foot stretch when you walk ... . mikey I get it ! if we walk 30 pace ... to the lowest point ... we will get the treat ... the rich stuff ! chunk ( get a chill ) I dunno ... it 's gettin ' late ... my Mom 's gonna be. worried . besides ... what 's that place doin ' open in the fall ? it 's only a summer place . seem pretty creepy to I . the kid suddenly notice sométhing . they turn to the lounge . a dark car pull into the driveway . two tall men , wear dark , business suit , get out . they walk to the — restaurant door . they enter . data turn to chunk . : . data '' see . there 's nuthin ' to be scared of . two other customer be goin ' in . chunk maybe they be not customer . .-. maybe they be drug dealer or somethin' . continued cy sq oo " ( cont would ) of 32 data 57 drug dealer ? do you see they clothes ? j.c. penney polyester . drug dealer would not be catch dead ' in that rag . . mikey data , do you bring you binocular ? data be frantically search for the right cord , want to answer the call of duty . he mumble to himself . data yeah ... binocular ... binocular ... ( find the right cord , nod and scream ) spy eye ! data pull one of he cord : from beneath he shirt . a mechanical device raise from data 's chest , with a pair of cheap opera glass attach to the end . the glass stop in front of data 's eye . but when he move to look through they , the glass fly from they place and shoot forward . data give a shrug . mouth look over mikey 's shoulder at je map . : mouth . so what make you think nobody ever follow this map before and make off with whatever 's bury there ? : mikey they could have . but I never hear of anybody find more stuff than already in the museum . and anyway , to grownup , this be already worth enough . some arky - logicalist dig up a map that 's a buncha ' year old ... they throw a wooden frame around it , hang it in a museum , and call it '' art . : pe . mouth '' okay ..- but , how're we s'pose to dig - ' for anything ? knock on the door ? ask whoever 's there ... " s'cuse I ..emind if we wreck you floor ? " mikey . look . the place be obv'sly open for bizgness ... we can pretend like we be comin ' in for somethin’ to eat ... then joint the case . continued 57 ( cont would ) 58 59 39 chunk wha -...? : data he mean , ' case the joint " . mikey nods . ‘he other pause . thinking . : cut to : ext . lighthouse - day 58 the goony walk through the graveyard . mikey lead they toward the " lighthouse lounge " . suddenly , a loud cracking SOUND be hear . like a firecracker . follow by another . and another . ' the boy freeze . scare . looking around . chunk that sound like gunshot . not the big one you hear in war movie , but real one . mikey . gunshot ! jeeeezzz ... chunk , turn off you brain . somebody probably drop a pot in the kitchen ! mikey continue to move forward . the boy follow . they be now a little shaken . eye darting back and forth . a bit more cautious . they arrive at the front of the building . mouth peer through the filthy front door window . mikey and data walk to the side of the building . they try to look into the window . - too high . the boy spot a pile of discard orange crate . they stand the orange crate on end . climb up onto they . they peer through the window . chunk walk to a outdoor soda machine that sit next to a close garage . chunk try to peer into the garage , start to open the door , investigate it . '' goon kide 's p.0.v. : 59 a shut down seafood restaurant . dark . dusty . seemingly deserted . tatter fish nets , wooden oar , stuff fish hang on the wall . Red vinyl booths line the wall . wooden table fill the floor . a jukebox sit in one corner . the goony see two people stand in the rear of the restaurant . in darkness we can see only they shadow . they drag two long , limp , heavy object into a back room . tt be too dark for we to see what the object be . once the continued 57 59 ( cont would ) 61 62 63 40 '' rev : 10-14-84 two figure disappear , the ' goony walk to the restaurant 's 59 front door . 60 omit & 's 61 ext . lighthouse garage - day . 62 chunk push the garage door ! the door fly OPEN ! the orange slant ray of a late day sun hit the black off road vehicle , ignite it , over forty bullet hole , and a shattered rear window . chunk almost drop dead . he run to tell the guy , but they be already entering the restaurant . int . lighthouse lounge - day 63 ' the goony enter . look around . everything be silent . deserted . chunk race inside and start pull at everybody 's clothing , try to signal they with bizarre hand sign and wild descriptive gesture that make he look totally not of this earth . he finally get out a few word . chunk guy ...guys ... we gotta’ get outta’ here !! '' I just see the -- chunk be interrupted by the SOUND of a slamming door ! the kid nearly jump out of they skin ! they turn to the direction of the sound ! the shadow of a person stand by the restaurant door . ' the person have just close the door . they step forward . into the light . it be mama fratelli ! we immediately recognize her from the earlier jail break . she glare at the boy . mama how long yousboy be at that ° window ? - mouth ( tremble ) . lelel -l-long enough to see that this place need about 400 roach motel . immediately , mama take a strong dislike to mouth . chunk be in the background frantically signal and * mouth ...' do not piss she off ' . she lead the boy to a table . she call to the back room . continued '' 63 ( cont would ) Jake ... we get customer . we hear a loud thump from the back room . follow by Jake 's voice . . jake ( 0.s. ) ; whattayou ' mean customer !?! this be not no rest - Jake poke he head out . he see the kide . he pause . muttering under he breath . sake shit . mama snap she finger at she son . mama now go on . get in the kitchen . warm up the stove . Jake reluctantly walk to the kitchen . he walk past the goon kid . Jake glare down at - the kid . eye fill with anger . he enter the kitchen . the kid take they seat at a crooked table . it be impossible to eat a meal at this table . it be wobbly . dirty . sticky . set with filthy , yellowed dish and rusty silverware . mikey lift he fork . it be attach to the table by a long , gooey wad of chewed gum . throughout this , chunk be try to gesture and explain to the boy , but he be so excited , only AIR come out . mama tower over the boy . . frowning down on they . mama okay ...we get a specialize menu here . we serve one thing . " Fresh Fish surprise " . what kinda 's fish ? mama ( slamm she hand on the table ) I say it 's a surprise ! chunk ( scared ) . okay ..- okay ... I will take it . mama what about the rest of ya ? continued 42 63 the other guy exchange nervous glance . . 63 ( cont would ) mikey just a glass of water for I . everyone follow mikey and order water . mama nods . mama okay ... one surprise and five water . ' Zat it ? mouth {out of extreme nervousness , force a italian accent ) I would like at the antipasto salad ... the fettucini alfredo ... the a veal scallopine ... and a bottle of botticelli ... 1981 . ~ a angry mama leans toward mouth . she grab he tongue . between her finger . inching . she remove a pocket knife from she pocket . she move the blade to mouth 's tongue . ready to CUT . mama we get one more thing on the menu oo . ..- tongue ! { 5 ( a menace smile ) see you boy like tongue ? the boy all shake there head . scare . mama catch herself . she move the knife away . releasing she grip on mouth 's tongue . mama smile falsely , and walk back to the kitchen 's swinging door . mouth cover he mouth . in pain . mikey get up from he chair . he begin to look around . searching for a spot on the floor , a trap door , anything that would indicate a bury treasure . loud arguing be heard from the kitchen . '' jake ( 0.s . ) a : ° but , .ma.... this be s'pose to be we dinner ... . - mama ( 0.s. ) : just shut up . shit up and do what T tell ya ' . . the boy at the table look at each other . frightened . data what about that two guy who come in before we ? what happen to they ? continued 43 63 chunk 63 ( cont would ) ( finally able to talk ) - guy , look ... if we do not get outta’ here now ... there 's gonna be some kinda ' hostage crisis ... 's ( out of breath , gesture in a big whisper ) garage ... four wheel drive ... bullet - hole the size of Big mac .... mouth chunk , I be startin ' to 0.d. on all you bullshit storey . a loud SOUND suddenly echoe through the place . churning . bumping . whirring . it sound like a washing machine go berserk . the kid exchange a frightened glance . we hear the voice of a man scream obscenity . . on the far wall ... a door fly OPEN ! a man storm out ! it 's francis fratelli . his clothes and body be splatter , stained by a dark GREEN ink . he be scream . boiling mad . he be yelling across the hallway to mama , hold up he hand . a draw of ullyse S. grant have be stamped onto he hand .. francis how the hell be I s'pose to finish up downstairs ... with that piece of smithsonian shit I get to work with ?! Francis see the table of kid . staring at he . Francis pause . startled . he cover the stamp on he hand and dash back through the door . as if he be catch do something wrong . we hear he latching several lock on the door behind he . the boy exchange another mysterious glance . the kitchen door shoot OPEN ! mama straddle out ! carry a tray of glass ' in one arm . the metal cleaver in the other . ' the glass be fill with rusty , orange colored . water . small particle float in the water . mama distribute a glass of water to each of the boy . they stare atthe water 's odd color . mouth ' Zis s'pose to be water ? mama it 's wet be not it ? continued 63 ( cont would ) 44 data 63 ( nervous laugh ) : yeah ...sure ... look great . mouth if ya ' like drinkin ' mule piss . mama turn to mouth . rage in she eye . mouth start ' pour he water from one glass to the other . it sound a little like go to the bathroom . this be drive mikey crazy . he start to bounce up and down on he seat , knock he knee together . he excitedly whisper to mouth . . mikey cut it out , mouth ! this be the sorta place that have daddy long-legs in the restroom . the kitchen door fly OPEN again . Jake exit . he be wear apron . cover with blood . his hand and arm be also stained with blood . he be carry a huge steaming pot . a ladel rest in the pot . he rest the pot on the table . looking at the boy . jake who order fish surprise ? chunk nervously raise he hand . Jake ladel the grotesque content of the pot into chunk 's plate . the fish surprise be make up of a black , jellified liquid . load with fish head and bone . chunk frowns . : chunk yummy . . mama look into the pot . mama be ' there some leave ? — Jake nods . mama check she wristwatch . ~ mama time to feed you brother . jake let Francis do it ... I feed it last night . mama Francis be busy . continued 63 sw ( cont would ) ne 64 45 jake , 63 I hate goin ' down there , ma. it -- mama he 's you brother . {pushes Jake ) now get goin ' . ' fore it get cold . Jake reluctantly walk to a crooked wooden door . he open the door . it lead into darkness . Jake enter . we hear he descend the creaky stair . a nervous mikey stand . bouncing on one leg . he look at mama . : mikey s'cuse I , m'am ... where 's the man 's room ? with he usual wild hand gesture and expression , chunk be try to convince mikey not to go downstairs . mama glare at mikey . : . . mama can not you hold it ? ( agree with mama ) yeah , mikey ... can not you hold it ?! devilishly , mouth pour a thin , noisy stream of water from one glass which he hold high above the other . , mikey ( beyond desperation ) lady ... please !!... mama downstair . to you right . and stay - to you right !!! ~ mikey nods . trembling . chunk still try to convince mikey . 3 : , chunk - ( whisper ) mikey ... do not ... you can not ... please ... mikey ignore chunk and walk to the basement door . he enter . int . lighthouse basement : 64 a narrow corridor . dark . twisting . line with damp , stone continued 64 ( cont would ) 65 46 wall . the stair be make of rotted wood . they creak and = 64 groan with he every step . mikey arrive at the bottom . there be a long hallway . dimly lit by a few dangle bare bulb . mikey remove the map from he pocket . he open to the maze . try to find some sort of comparison . he suddenly hear bizarre sound . growling . scream . they echo from the hallway 's opposite side . mikey pause . curious . he turn . he put the map back into he pocket . he follows the sound . they lead he to a thick , wooden door . at hallway' end . mikey stop . the sound be louder here . more distinct . the growl continue . like a animal . it mix with the rattling of chain . the door be OPEN . a crack . mikey peer inside . int . sloth's room 65 mikey' p,o.v. = a stone room . ' resembling a jail cell . the room be empty . save for a tatter , stained mattress . it sit in the middle of the floor . a very large person sit in a dark corner . we will call he sloth . only the large outline of he shadow be visible . Jake stand over he . holding the pot of food . sloth growls at Jake . he hold the pot out to sloth . Jake speak as if he be talk to a dog . jake . here , boy ... you hungry ? want you supper ? sloth grunt . he hold out two arm . they come into the light . the arm be thick , muscular . cover with curly brown hair . torn , frayed shirt sleeve hang from . the arm . heavy metal chain be attach to he wrist . they secure sloth to the wall . his arm stretch out for the food . like a starve child . mikey watch . eye wide . shocked . Jake hold the pot inches from sloth 's finger . jake here , fella ... this what you want ? you " tender vittles " ? sloth 's hand try to grab the bowl . Jake purposely drop the pot . it smashes on the floor . the fish and 's broth be sucked into the dry cement . sloth cry out . mikey 's eye be sad . sympathetic . Jake feign pity . jake oh , poor boy ... ( shrug ) : sorry , fella . maybe tomorrow night . sloth whimper . with a sadistic giggle , Jake turn to exit continued cs a 65 ( cont would ) 66 67 47 the room . mikey quickly hide . behind the door . ~ Jake 65 walk back upstair . mikey peer out from behind the door . see that the coast be clear , he walk out . mikey look back into the room . camera dolly into mikey' face . - he sees sloth 's face . ( but we do not ) . mikey 's face go white . his eye fill with terror . we hear sloth growl at he . mikey turn . he sprint off down the hallway . he dash back upstairs . scare to death . : int . lighthouse lounge - day _. - 66 '' mikey rush into the room . he run into brand 's arm ! brand , dirtied and muddy from he bicycle accident , be stand in the restaurant . brand grab mikey 's collar . he pick mikey up off the floor . brand glare at he . . brand . death 's too good for you . I be savin ' you for Mom . chunk have actually be eat some of the Fish surprise , and have lose most , if not all , of he color . chunk can we go now , you guy ? I think I be gonna be sick . mama walk back into the room , startling brand with she malevolent presence . she look at all of the boy , anxious to get rid of they . mama it 's all right boy . go on home . it 's on the house . chunk stick he head under the table and barf . mouth now it 's on the floor ! , mama go on , get out of here : Jake will clean up . now git . the boy almost knock the table over get out of there as mama fake she politeness , then shut the door and turn the " close " sign face out . ext . graveyard = dusk 67 darkness approach . the goon kid be hiding out here . continued 67 ( cont would ) 68 48 behind the tombstone . mikey 's scare . try to explain 67 what he saw . mikey I be tellin ' ya ' ... they get a " it " ... a giant " it " ... and they get it chain to the wall ... and when it , when it come into light ... ( give himself a shot of promotene mist ) va ' shoulda 's see it 's face ... it be horrible . all the part be mix around ...° . brand like you brain , lame - o. ( try to pull mikey ) say goodbye to you little pal ... chunk point offscreen . brand pause , turn curiously to where chunk point . ext . lighthouse - dusk : 68 goonie' p.o.v . - jake and francis exit through a side door . head darting back and forth . make sure that the coast be clear . they be carrying a large , limp bag . the size of a - body . mama follow . carrying another similar bag . | the goon kid curiously watch from behind the tombstone . the garage door open , revealing the Black 0.r.v . chunk lookit there ! lookit there ! Jake open the hatchback of the o.r.v . Jake open a false floor in the o0.r.v. 's bed . se and Francis manage to fit one bag onto the vehicle bed . they attempt to load the other bag . won't work . not enough space . Jake close the false floor . he and Francis carry the other bag back inside the restaurant . . sel J . . ~ data whattayou think they get in the bag ? the kid have no answer . Jake and Francis come back outside . they get into the o.r.v. with mama . they drive off . the lighthouse Lounge be empty . mikey excitedly look at the other . mikey hey ... the place be ours . continued o 68 ! ( cont 'a ) 49 chunk 68 ( scared ) we parent be gonna be worried ! let 's go home . : mikey ; what home ? in a couple more hour it be not gonna be home anymore . ( passionate ) c'mon , guy . this be we time . we last time to see if the rich stuff 's pury someplace in there . mikey pull the map from he pocket . he tries to read it . too dark . he look at the other . mikey anybody get a match ? suddenly , a SMALL flame appear . it enter from offscreen right . another flame appear . enter from offscreen left . the flame be two match . held by andy and stef . Andy 's eye twinkle in the firelight . but she hand be shaking , she eye dart from leave to right . she be obviously frightened by the graveyard . . - : andy ~ hi , brandy . brand smile at Andy , and loosen he grip on mikey . stef give a nasty smile to mouth . stef whatcha ! doin ' in the graveyard ? diggin 's up a new girlfriend ? mouth do not knock it . stiff be lot warmer than you . brand give , a puzzle look to Andy . '' brand '' what be you doin ' here ? _ andy follow you guy . we be out drivin ' with Troy ... he be bein ' a real spas-ass ... ya ' know , tiltin ' the mirror so he could look down we shirt ... ( shrug ) - so I elbow he lip . continued . will 50 mikey still read the map . mumbling to himself . 68 mikey okay ... if it 's thirty pace ... . ( begin to count off the - pace ) of one ... two ... Three ... data grab mikey from behind , stopping he . data no , mikey ! you foot too small ! we must do this scientifically ! rremove calculator ) mouth ( push data out of the way ) pace be pace ! ya ' think this willy dude have a calculator ? mouth take over . walk 's out the pace with longer stride . move toward the lounge . mouth count out the pace as elmer fudd . : mouth one ... two ... twee ... . : oturn back to the other ) shhhh !. be vewy , vewy quiet ! I be hunt wabbit ! hee hee hee hee ! mouth continue walk . the kid follow . Andy look at brand . : andy poor Troy . guess he will not be makin ' out with anybody for awhile . amt goin ' to miss that stuff ! '' ( get a chiil , to brand ) c'mon , brandy . let 's get outta’ here . graveyard freak I out . brand suddenly realize that this could be the best night of he life . he turn to leave with Andy , but then realize - he have another duty . . brand I can not leave without my brother ... just hold on .. one second ... Andy roll she eye . brand take she hand , pull Andy to the lounge with he . mouth arrive at the Lounge door . try to open it . locked . mouth pause . what to do ? a idea . he look back at chunk . mouth smile . continued 69 51 mouth 68 hey , chunk .. . get some naked Polaroid of you Mom takin ' a bath . wanna ! buy ‘em ? Real cheap . rage fill chunk 's eye . he come at mouth . like a linebacker . mouth dodge out of the way . chunk ram into '' the front door . wham ! the door break OPEN ! chunk get to he foot . brush himself off . mouth cackle . mouth thanks , chunk . ' this frighten Andy . she turn to run . andy I be goin ! home . you guy be gonna get in big trouble . she turn to run . Andy be meet face to face with a large stone gargoyle ! she scream ! the gargoyle sit atop a - tombstone ! Andy turn and run back to brand 's arm . int . lighthouse - dusk 69 the other goony have entered the place . mouth be still counting pace . back to he elmer fudd impression . he stride across the restaurant floor . mouth twenty eight .. twenty nine ... toity . ( mouth stop ) this be it ! that wascally wabbit must be under here ! stef you can stop audition to be popular . you do not impress I anymore . . _ mouth I would rather dive into a swim pool '' full of razor blade than impress you . : mikey ( look at map ) : we gotta get to the lowest spot . brand ( pull mikey ) we gotta get outta here ! continued { fos 69 ( cont would ) 70 52 mikey . 69 ( strugging ) : c'mon , brand ! what 's another couple minute gonna hurt ? what if we find something ' ? huh ? - mikey break away from brand and hurriedly open the basement door . he motion for the guy to follow . int . lighthouse basement - corridor - night 70 mikey lead the goony down the dark , narrow stairway into the basement . a distant SOUND be hear . the ratiling of chain . a low growling . the kid pause , frighten . stef chunk ... I hope that 's you stomach ... mikey no . that 's the " it " . mikey continue to descend . the kid cautiously follow . another growl roar through the basement . louder , like a . animal . the kid stop again , scared . chunk turn to mikey . ' cl sound like " Kong " . mikey no ... some of it 's human . the. kid continue down the stair . they arrive at the bottom . mikey pause . he look at the other . mikey c'mon . wanna see it ? the kid shake they head . " no Way " . . mikey do not worry . it 's chain up . mikey lead the kid toward sloth 's door . the frighten kid stay close together . they move slowly , carefully , toward the door . meanwhile , Andy grab brand 's hand . . andy I do not wanna see it , brand . I do not wanna see anything else but you . stay with I , okay ? brand nod . he stay behind with Andy . they stand in continued 70 { cont would ) 71 53 front of another door . a moment alone . Andy be 70 shiver . brand put he arm around she . she cuddle closer to he . brand smile to himself . now 's the time to make he move . meanwhile , the kid be only a few foot from the door . eye wide , scared to death . mikey slowly reach out . he grab the doorknob . the kid hold they breath . mikey twist the doorknob ... sloth 's roaring growl blast from behind the door . louder than ever ! it send a shudder through the hallway . the kid jump back . brand , who be lean to kiss Andy , inch from she lip be interrupt by the group of kid fall toward he . the kid fall into Andy and brand through another door . the door burst open . everyone fall inside like domino . ( resembling the " State room " scene from the marx Brothers 's , " a - night at the Opera " . ) } int . lighthouse basement - kitchen - night 7 the kid get to they foot . in the chaos , the doubloon have fall from mikey 's pocket . it roll on its side , along , the floor . chunk grab it , second before the doubloon . fall into a drain . chunk pocket the doubloon . we be inside of a large stone room . at one time use as a kitchen . the room be equip with a giant freezer , two large stainless steel sink , a sparklett 's glass water cooler , a stove and a stone fireplace . a’tiny flame still burn in the fireplace . the only object that seem out of place be a large , black metal printing press . the press be ancient , rusty . a small window sit above the press . a photo of the fratelli 's adorn the wall behind the press . the kid exchange a bewilder shrug . chunk go straight for the water cooler . chunk move he mouth beneath the tiny faucet . he turn on the faucet and let the water stream into he open mouth . ~ a excited mikey grab a fireplace poker . he find a random spot in the center of the floor . . mikey '' guess this be as good a-place as any - to start diggin ' ... mikey raise the poker high in the air . he bring it down , hard on the concrete floor . wham ! the poker do not make a dent ! instead , it send a reverberate slock through mikey 's body . his tooth even begin to chatter . brand ' shake he head . continued 71 ( cont would ) 84 brand orl you sure we be not adopt ? be we from the same family ? ( glance to Andy , who desperately want to leave ) c'mon , mikey ... you be embarrassin ' I . there 's nothin' . bury under here . damn it ... this be the 20th century . mouth hey , I know how to get through the cement ... put hershey 's all over the floor ... let chunk eat through it . chunk ( raise he head from beneath the faucet , angry ) okay , ' mouth ... " that 's all I can stand , and I can not stand no more ... " chunk 's sudden movement cause the sparklett 's container to tilt . it fall off its base and smashes to the floor into a million piece . the water flow across the floor trickle into the open fireplacé . several second pass before the water hit the fireplace bottom . mikey pause . . mikey listen ... they listen to the slow trickle for a moment . brand shrug . brand Big wow . mikey no ... it 's deep ... there must be some kind of open ... or passageway ... the kid dash to the fireplace . brand push mikey out of the way and reach down to pick up a log . he burn he hand . brand drop the log and let out a yelp . mikey look at '' brand , shaking he head . : se mikey brand ... you sure we be not adopt ? be we from the same family ? ( glance to Andy ) c'mon ... you be embarassin ' I . brand grumble and take off he shirt . he wrap he hand with the shirt . he begin to remove the firey , hot log from the fireplace . when all of the log be remove , only continued - all cy 71 ( cont would ) 35 a section of black , rusted steel grate remain . brand 71 remove it . a few foot below , the fireplace floor be line with ancient brick and piece of rock and earth .. brand shove he foot into the fireplace . he begin to pounce on the brick , try to break through . ° chunk be look around . his eye light . he 's discover the freezer . he mumble to himself , smile . chunk hmmm . wonder if they get chipwich ? - chunk grab the freezer handle . he pull hard . it 's jamme . he pull again . still will not budge . brand be stomping on the fireplace ground . it creak , crack . the brick crumble . the kid curiously watch . he give a hard stomp to the ground . a loud crack ! brand 's foot shoot through , up to he knee . a open ! _ the boy help brand out of the fireplace . suddenly , a loud noise rock the room ! data have turn on the printing press . a freshly print sheet roll out of the press . the sheet be fill with perfectly print counterfeit fifty dollar bill . data hey , guy ... check it out . . everyone hurry to data , save for chunk . he be still pull at the freezer handle . . brand bogus bill . mikey I know that people be from the ozone . '' . stef come upon a horrible realization . she grab the photo from the wall . . . . ~ - step oh , God ... I know I recognize this face ... the fratelli mob ! still pull at the jamme freezer , chunk call back to the boy . chunk $ee ! you guy never believe I ! and now look what you get yourselves into ...! continued C ) 7 ( cont would ) 72 73 56 suddenly , the freezer handle snap ! the freezer door shoot open ! a dead body stand there . frozen , eye wide open . ' it 's one of the { wo men in dark suit who we see enter the restaurant earlier . the man be bound and gag . a FBI badge be pin to he lapel . a bullethole be through he forehead . the stiff be halfway zipped into a green , plastic bag . the body fall forward . chunk jump back . the stiff hit the floor . slam ! the kid let out a simultaneous scream . they dash out of the room . | int . lighthouse basement - hallway - night the goon kid run down the hallway , frighten . they hurry to the upstairs stairway . suddenly , a noise . the kid stop . Dead in they track , at the foot of the stair . brand motion for they to " shhh . " we hear the sound of voice , familiar voice . mama , Jake , Francis , back home . the kid pause . breathless . we hear the basement door creak open . the kid look up to the top of the stair . the long , menace shadow of mama and the two boy appear on the wall , head into the basement . the kid turn , sprinting to the counterfeit room . int . lighthouse basement - kitchen - night '' the kid run back inside , panicked . mikey use he promotene mist . chunk be scared to death . chunk mommy ! daddy ! uncle wormer ...! andy oh , Jesus ! oh , Jesus ! Andy cross herself . chunk see this , try to cross himself and instead outline a Star of David over he entire chest . and stomach . . mouth 's '' what be you do ? chunk {hysyterically ) I be not suppose to do the cross -- I be jewish ! I be do the Star ... it 's get 6 point ... it ... brand what do we do ? continued for '' 73 ( cont would ) 74 75 $ 7 . mikey put he back in the freezer ! put ‘em back ! : mikey and the goony rush over to help . chunk who be already lift the body to put it back up . chunk stand in front of the body . the kid stand in back , lift it up . the voice of mama and the boy be get closer . andy , ( cry & whisper she panic ) hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord be with thee . hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord be with thee . stef he 's so cold ! Andy , help we ! andy ( freeze stiff ) hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord be with theel ! the kid lift the body to its foot . they hurriedly push it into the freezer . the clumsy chunk still stand in front of the body . he be push into the freezer with the body . the kid close and latch the freezer door . they run to the fireplace . . int . freezer chunk be freeze , face to chest with the corpse . he try to scream for help . he 's too scared . speechless . the corpse begin to slide down €hunk 's body until it be face to face with he . int . kitchen - night mikey lead everyone into the fireplace . he kick away a few loose board . mikey grab one of the fireplace tool ; a metal shovel . he motion for the kid to crawl into the fireplace . one by one , the kid hurriedly crawl into the passageway . brand be hesitant . brand geez ... look kinda small ... continued 73 74 75 ° 75 ( cont would ) 76 77 58 mikey 75 oh , yeah ? like the elevator . remember ? brand ( scared ) I tell you to shut up about that -- brandis interrupt by mama and the Boy 's voice , get closer , clearer . he quickly crawl into the fireplace . mikey be the last to crawl inside . he gather the grate and log . once inside the fireplace , mikey put the grate and log back in place , over he head . mama and the boy enter . int . fireplace 76 use Andy 's lighter , mikey : restart the fire over he head . int . kitchen 77 Jake move to open the freezer door , but mama spot the break water cooler . thing be not as they leave they . mama snap at the other . mama let 's go check you brother . Jake move from the freezer . mama and the boy hurry out of the room . we hear mama 's voice : mama ( 0.s . ) - he better not have bust they chain again . I be not goin ' back to the zoo for another set . the goony watch through the fireplace grate . suddenly , the freezer door slowly open . chunk step out from behind the corpse . he dash to the fireplace . he whisper to | ' the kid : ~ chunk .c'mon , guy ! lemme in ! lemme in ! mikey ( whisper back ) no ! you gotta get out ! get the police ! chunk hear the fratelli 's come back . he spot the window above the printing press . chunk leap the top of continued 59 77 the press , crawl out of the tiny window . just as chunk 7 ( cont would ) slip out of the window , mama and the boy re-enter the room . mama I know he could not break that chain ... will jake maybe it be one a' they tremor , francis yeah . ya ' know how the ocean sometimes shake up the place ... mama shrug . no time for think . there 's work to do . she point to the freezer . . . mama c'mon . we gotta move the other one . the boy nod . Jake open the freezer door . ' they begin to move the corpse . mama look at the .boy . mama you boy take care a ' that . I be i gonna stay behind ... make sure none 2 nee a ' they " tremor " start up again . oof on 78 int . fireplace : 78 the kid move away from ' the grate . they climb back into the passageway . 79 int , passageway - underneath 's lighthouse a 79 a narrow , man-made tunnel , surround by smooth rock and hard earth . the tunnel move downward . get wide , larger as it move further in the distance , but there be only darkness ahead . the goon kid cluster tighter together , whisper , scared to death . andy oh , my God - I see my first dead body . continued c '' , ~ 79 _f ( cont would ) 80 60 79 brand okay , look guy ... I be the oldest . I will call the shot . ( a pause ) we gotta look for a way out .. . start look for manhole ! mikey ( to data ) . hey , you get any light on you ? data open he shirt , search for the ' correct cord . data . yeah ... in case of emergency . .. when I be walk home from school and some big guy stop I ... they say , " goony , welre gonna dust - you ! " ...1 pretend like I be real scared ... then I reach inside and pull this cord and say ... ( scream } bully blinder !!! two bright 8 mm movie projector lamp extend from data 's hip . they flip on , cause incredibly bright light . the goony all cover they eye and scream . but suddenly , the light fizzle out . data shrug . : data : only problem ... battery do not live so jong . ( reach into backpack ) so ... I have Father 's backyard light . he remove a large lantern . he flip it on . it illuminate the passageway . _ brand grab it . . : brand : okay ... I will walk ahead with the light ... mouth ~ walk ?! what about ... run ! all of the kid run off into the passageway . CUT to : ext . road - night . . 80 chunk be run for he life . he run to the side of the continued ys { i 80 ( cont would ) 81 82 61 rev : 10-14-84 road , head back to town . suddenly , bright headlight 80 come toward he . chunk turn . he step into the middle of the road . he wave he arm , hope to flag down the car . the car come to a stop . Bright headlight shine in chunk 's eye , blind everything in front ‘of he . a man step out of the car . we can only see the outline of he shadow . he speak to chunk . man | ( Jake fratelli ) be there something wrong ? chunk ( panicked ) look , mister ... I need a ride ... my friend and I just have a run in with this really gross people ... ya ' mighta hear of ‘em ... the fratelli 's . anyway , we find they ~ hideout ! if you could gimmee ' a ride to the Police station ... the man motion for chunk to step forward . chunk hurry to the man . chunk walk through the blind headlight . he can finally see the car . his face go white . it 's the black off-road-vehicle , line with countless bullethole . chunk look up at the man 's face . it 's Jake fratelli . chunk turn to run . Jake grab he around the waist . he carry the struggle , scream chunk to the rear of the o.r.v . Jake open the false floor . Jake force chunk inside . Jake close and lock the floor . he get into the o.r.v. Francis be also here . he and Jake drive off . int . rear compartment of 0 -r.v. 81 chunk again lie face to face with the FBI corpse . chunk be freeze with fear . '' _ int . tunnel under water pipe - night . 82 brand move forward , hold the lantern . the light guide they through the dark tunnel . : the kid round a corner and come upon a odd sight . a large cluster of twist metal pipe run along the cavern ceiling . the rusted pipe dangle a few foot . they be obviously connect to something several . foot above the surface . warm and cold light seep down from the surface surround the pipe . stef nudge mouth . stef you old man 's a plumber . what kinda pipe be that ? continued 82 ( cont would ) 83 84 85 86 87 62 mouth Gas pipe , electrical , sewage , plumbing , hot water , cold water , pressure pipe . . brand Water pipe ? hey ... you think if we start bangin ' on them ... somebody upstairs might hear ? mouth give a nod . he pull a wrench from he pocket . the other kid pick up rock from the ground . they begin to rap on the pipe . : cut to : ext . hillside country club - night the hillside resident 's private club . int . tunnel under water pipe the kid be go wild ; swinging , hang from the pipe , use all of they adolescent , athletic ability . brand hang upside down from one of the pipe . Andy swing fron pipe to pipe , not unlike a gymnasium 's parallel bar . mouth word hard at unscrew one particular pipe . int . country club - shower three overweight , pink , club member be take a shower . int . tunnel under water pipe the kid still pull and swing from the pipe . the pipe be twisted and tangle out of proportion , leak and spew water . the pipe begin to move by themselves .. like slowly move piston on a ocean vessel . a int . country club - shower a man reach out to turn down the cold water . before he hand can touch it , the spigot be pull into the wall ! he pause , puzzle . he reach out for the hot water spigot . whoosh ! it be suck into the wall . the man step back , frighten . the shower head and nozzle above he be pull into the wall . he look around . suddenly , one by one , all of the shower head disappear into the wall ! the confuse continued 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 63 member stare at the wall , they bloat body cover 87 with soap . suddenly , a fecid brown backwash explode from the hole in the tile , where the spigot once be . the backwash cover the body of the club member . they dash out of the shower room , scared to death . ° ext . putting GREEN - night 88 a tennis . player pause , get a drink from a court fountain . the player move he lip to the fountain . the entire fountain be pull down a few inch . the puzzle player bend lower . the fountain be pull down a few more inch . the player again bend lower . the fountain suddenly shoot upward , knock in the the player 's chin ! the player hit the ground , out cold . int . tunnel under water pipe 89 the pipe be a move , tangle mess of leak , spraying water . several shower nozzle , water fountain and various spigot have be pull underground . but the kid still have not give up , still think they have have no contact with the outer world . . : suddenly , all of the pipe begin to move faster , bounce , become violent . steam and water hiss and spray . stef ( yell over noise ) what 's happen ? mouth ( yell over ) reverse pressure ! !! let' get outta here !!! + int . country club - men' room 930 Troy go ' into a stall as a low rumbling can pe hear . he drop he pants and sit down on the commode . immediately , a explosion of toilet water blast Troy off he seat , send he crash all the way up to the ceiling . int . tunnel under water pipe 91 the kid walk away defeat , out of breath , sweat . brand shake he head . continued 64 91 . brand 91 ( cont would ) geez . ya think somebody woulda - notice . CUT to : 92 omit 92 & : : & 93 93 94 int . lighthouse basement - kitchen - night 94 close up ~ Hamilton Beach blender . a hand come into frame hold a large eggplant . the eggplant be place into the blender . the blender " liquify " switch be hit . the eggplant be push into the blender . the eggplant be crush , turn to mush from the bottom to the top . we hear mama 's voice over as the eggplant be crush : mama ( v.0 . ) . first we will start with you pudgy little finger ... then you round little hand ... then you fleshy arm ... camera pull back . we be in the fratelli basement . Francis be hold the eggplant and control the blender . Jake be hold a gun to chunk 's head . chunk be nervous , sweat , tie to a chair by a extension cord . mama stand in front of chunk , spew out threat . mama nod , for sal to turn off the blender . mama look back at chunk . . mama now ... you gonna tell I where you little friend be ? chunk ( immediately , without hesitation ) : in the fireplace ! mama ( slap he ) do not lie to I , boy ! chunk honest ... we get this map from mikey 's dad ... say that underneath this placg ... there 's bury : treasure ... set continued 94 ( cont would ) 95 65 jake 94 do not give we any a' you bullshit ' storey ... . ( shaking he ) we want the truth ! spill you ~ gut ! tell we everything ! everything ! . chunk ( hysterical , blabber , explode like a bullet ) okay ...okay ... in third grade , I cheat on my History exam ... in fourth grade , I steal my uncle 's toupee and glue it on my face when 1 play one of the Wise Men in we school Christmas play ... in fifth grade , I push my prother down the stair and blame : the dog ... I ... mama and the boy just look at each other . they can not even get a word in . cur to : int . chester copperpot tunnel 95 close up - passageway floor ( tracking shot ) . a Light beam illuminate the uneven floor , cover with jutting rock and sudden incline and decline . we see a gum wrapper , a metal cigar tube , and a mildew , dog - ear Bible scattered across the ground . camera pull back . we see the goony make they way through the passageway . they be still incredibly frighten . Andy be still mutter she prayer . mikey pick up the discard gum wrapper . mirey . uh- oh . . '' maybe somebody else be here before we ... a data '' ( look around ) '' maybe they be still here ... stef {getting a chill ) maybe we better hope they be not !! andy ( scared , blabber ) ten minute ago Troy be look ( more ) continued { 4 95 ( cont would ) 66 rev : 10-14-84 andy ( cont would ) down my shirt . there 's nothing wrong with that , be there ? if i have not act so vain , I would still be cruise the coast with Troy . I : have a terrific body -- why should not boy look all they want ... I meam ... how many more year do I get before i. .- before I ..- ( she face go white , she scream out ) ... before I start look like he !! 95 camera pan to where Andy be point . a decaye skeleton be lie on the floor .. its leg be trap under a giant boulder . mikey look up to the ceiling . he sees a length of boulder , hang from chain on the ceiling . the skeleton be obviously a victim of some sort of booby trap . | fikey suddenly make : the realization . he talk to himself . . mikey you do this , one eyed willy , .. do not * you ? this be one a you trick .. you would not a go to all this trouble unless you be hidin ' something '... would you , willy ? the other goony slowly gather around the miner 's body . the skeleton be dress in miner 's clothes . he be wear a miner 's hat , and equip with several tool : shovel , pick , hoe , etc . the goony stare in shock , frighten . mikey open he map to look for a way out . the other kid move toward the body . data make a realization . data - this must be Chester copperpot ... stef who ? data . the last guy who go lookin’ for '' the rich stuff ... they say he go in but never come out ... that be back in 1935 ... . brand ( to mouth ) find he wallet . mouth I be not findin ' he wallet . ( push stef ) you find he wallet ! continued ( cont would ) 67 rev : 10-14-84 stef sigh and decide to look for the wallet . she slowly 95 reach into the skeleton 's trousers . she remove the wallet , but the skeleton 's hand lodge on the wallet . stef try to pull the wallet . but the skeleton hand pull back . a tug of war . stef finally break the waliet free . she open it and check the name . it read : chester copperpot . the kid look at each other , frighten . . data oh , God ... if he do not make it out ... and he be s'pose to be a expert ! what about we ?! data walk behind everyone . he pull a cord on he chest * and a couple dozen small red item automatically pop out into he hand . mikey notice . he look at data . _ mikey what be you doin ' ? data I be set booby trap . . in case anybody follow we . we will hear ‘em comin ' . mikey suddenly notice something hang around the skeleton 's neck , a sort of medallion . mikey grab the medallion and study it . it be a ancient copper iten , shape like a skull ! there be three irregularly CUT hole in the medallion , at the point where the skeleton 's eye and nose would be locate . mikey stare at the medallion , try to compare it to the map . meanwhile , data spot road flare in copperpot 's backpack . 's data reach in and begin to pull out each one of the road flare . but data do not notice that he also remove one stick of dynamite ! he place it with the other flare and insert they into he backpack . Andy be scare ’to death ! she want out ! she begins to run forward ! # + '' . andy let 's get outta’ : here ! come on ! let 's keep move ! Andy shoot forward . mikey look up ! he sees that about two inches from the ground , along the lower wall , be carefully place tree branch ! the branch be a sort of trigger ! when break , they cause the boulder above to fall ! mikey shout ! continued '' , 95 ( cont would ) 68 rev : 10-14-84 mikey 95 ° Andy ! stop !!..-- but it 's too late ! Andy 's foot snap a branch ! a creaking SOUND be hear ! the boulder above begin to waver ! ina tremendous panic , the kid dash forward ! they SNAP each branch , cause the boulder to fall behind they ! one by one ! each boulder just missing the kid by a hair ! the kid make it to the far wall as the last boulder drop behind they ! they cluster together ! scare out of there wit ! the kid turn , stand at a virtual dead end ! a SMALL circular boulder sit in the middle . the kid pause . listening . they hear noise . behind the boulder . stef be excite . , stef listen ! somethin 's behind here ! andy " ( hopefully ) maybe it 's a way out ! the kid attempt to move the boulder . brand push everyone out of the way . he give a macho raise of the eyebrow to Andy . he will do it himself . brand remove he shirt . he flexe he muscle . Andy blushes . mouth whisper to data . : . mouth lookit 'im ! showin ' off he andylpect and andy-ceps ! in the background , mikey tries to make a muscle ... but nothing happen . he frown . brand grab hold of the boulder and begin to pull with all he strength . grunting . groaning . the boulder begin to move . the crumble sound of rock be heard . mikey watch , proud of he brother .. Andy stare at brand 's muscular body . brand finally manage to pull out the boulder ! the kid congratulate and applaud brand . the kid poke they head into the new open . there. be nothing but darkness ! but there be * that SOUND ... it be the sound of squeaking , flapping wing . the kid look at each other . puzzle . frightened . brand lean he head into the hole , craning it as far * forward as he possibly can , stretch he neyeball to see in the dark . brand hello ! hello ! anybody home ? continued 95 ( cont would ) 96 69 rev : 10-14-84 a screech and a whistling sound , and then a black winge * creature with sharp tooth and red eye explode into camera ! everyone ( yell ) bat !!t! hundred of bat blast past the kide ! the bat attack ! frenzied ! pull at hair ! clutch onto clothes ! . everyone scream ! arm waving ! helpless ! the kid duck for cover ! the bat move on back through the passageway . the bat racing through the passageway , in the same direction the kid come from . the creature move like a black cloud of locust ! CUT to : int . lighthouse basement kitchen chunk be crying he eye out . tear stream down he face . mama and the boy be listening . fascinated . he make one last hysterical confession . chunk but the worst thing ... the worst thing I ever do ... I mix up this fake puke at home ... I go into this movie theater ... hide the puke . in my jacket ... climb into the balcony and ... and ... I make a sound like this ( make vomiting sound ) then I dumped it over the side ..- on all the people in the audience ... then ... then the people start gettin’ sick ... throwin ' up all over each other ... ( burst into tear ) it be horrible ..: I never feel so bad in all my life ... ' mama squeezy the fat on chunk 's double chin . hard . mama 's eye be fill with FURY . she stare at chunk . mama look , kid ... I still be not hear what it want . . ( a beat ) now where be you friend ? continued 95 96 ry 96 ( cont would ) 97 70 chunk | 96 I tell ya ' ... in the fireplace ... they ~ take out the log ... then the grate ... then they crawle into some secret passageway ... ' mama ( sarcastic ) then they put the grate and the log back ... and start up the fire from inside ... chunk yeah ...right ... just like that . mama release she grip . disgust . she turn to francis . ; mama hit " puree " . . Francis grab the blender . he hit the " puree " button . the blender start with a deadly whirrr ! mama look at chunk . mama now ... do I get the truth ? or do you get juice ? 's ' chunk stare in horror . mama nods to Jake . he grab - chunk 's hand . forcing it to the top of the blender . . chunk scream . crying . hysterical . Jake begin to push chunk 's finger toward the sharp , swirling blade . chunk _ struggle . mama hold he down . chunk 's finger be less than a inch from the blade . suddenly , a noise . come from the fireplace . everyone turn . the log literally blast from the fireplace . the grate pop out . bouncing across the floor . the bat shoot out of the fireplace . they fly through the room . the bat fly upward . where it 's darker . they cluster together . on the ceiling . Francis rush to the : fireplace . he peer into the open . - francis kid 's not shittin' . CUT to : int . cavern under 200 - night 97 the kid stand in the passageway , on top of each other 's shoulder . they have form a perfect cheerleader pyramid , continued C 97 ( cont would ) 98 99 100 e 71 in order to reach the ceiling . mikey be holding Chester 97 copperpot 's shovel . he dig into the ceiling . clump of : dirt begin to fall to the ground . Andy shout to everyone . andy . okay , everybody ... we make a perfect 's touchdown Victory formation pyramid . do not make a move of we will tip over . with a little effort , mikey 's shovel shoot through the ceiling . he smile and call to that below he . : mikey hey ... we be pretty close to the surface ! cur to : ext . cauldron point zoo - night 98 close up - a sign . camera pan from the sign to a fence grassy area . two gorillas , bonzo and bertha be cavort about . bonzo drive a little red convertible pedal car , as he show off for bertha who look sweet and demure with a little pink ribbon the zookeeper have put in she hair . int . cavern under zoo . 99 mikey continue to dig through the ceiling . clump of dirt fall . ext . cauldron point 200 - night . 100 bonzo get out of he pedalcar and begin to groom bertha . bertha groom back . bonzo have that look in he eye . the look of a guy ready to " score " . he immediately move around to the back of bertha , who react with mock , ladylike surprise . ° close - bonzo's feet . the shovel dig through , miss bonzo 's foot by inch . close - bonzo . make he move ! '' he mount bertha ... a moment later the ground open up and bonzo be suck underground and out of sight . bertha almost speak ... she say ... " huh ? " : . continued 72 101 '' int . cavern under 200 101 the gorilla fall to the ground . slam ! the pyramid collapse . the shocked kid scream . bonzo get to he foot . catch he breath . the gorilla sees the kid . he look up and remember what he be do . he growls . the kid turn and run . dash further off into the tunnel ! putrage , bonzo climb back up through the hole , back into ss cage . . 102 int , lighthouse basement kitchen - night 102 close up - kitchen cupboard door . '' the door-open . what should be fill with kitchen utensil , be fill with gun . all type . pistol . rifle . magnum . camera pull back . mama grab a pistol . she look at the boy . mama if we find that kid , ... remember , no witness . ( click pistol ) we will let the air outta’ they calvin . . . po4 chunk stare . frightened by what he 's hear . mama point ee the pistol at chunk 's forehead . ready to shoot . she pause . moving the gun . | mama maybe I better keep ' im alive ... just ; > in case he 's lyin’ . ( snap she finger at Jake ) . put ' im in with yer ' brother . chunk give a nervous nod . jake -lift chunk and the chair . something fall out of chunk 's pocket . the - doubloon . it hit the floor . mama grab it . she study . it . puzzle . she look at chunk . L . mama '' what 's this ? a cracker Jack prize ? a chunk we find that on the map ... it 's get something ' to do with the bury treasure ... mama be still puzzle . she hold the doubloon out to Francis . continued 102 ( cont would ) 103 107 108 73 mama , 102 you be s'pose to be a expert ... Francis take the doubloon . studying it . his eye get wide . his mouth drop OPEN . total SHOCK . francis oh ... my ... God . mama and the boy shoot : he a puzzle look . i 103 omit at through . . . 107 cut to : int . tunnel leading to bottom of wishing well 108 the passageway be extremely SMALL , tight , force the kid to crawl through . the passageway continue to get lower . become smaller . narrower . brand still lead . holding the flashlight . brand be cover with sweat . extremely . nervous . suddenly , the flashlight beam begin to blink . dying out . brand panic to data . brand hey ! what 's goin ' on ?!? this thing 's losin ' juice ! what be we gonna do about light ?!... data reach into he backpack . he fumble in the darkness through the road flare he lift from Chester copperpot . data 's finger pass over the stick of dynamite , and instead grab a flare . data light the flare and pass it to brand . brand still complain . oe brand . ss alll we keep doin ! be goin " lower ! where we goin ' ?... where 's this leadin ' we ?... this place be gettin ' '' awful small ! awful small !... mikey ( whisper to Andy ) uh-oh . he 's gettin’ that elevator look in he eye . . andy whattayou mean , " elevator " ? mikey take advantage of the situation and move even continued 74 closer to Andy . as he explain to she , he smell she perfume and the. shampoo rinse in she hair . . : mikey I and brand get stick in this elevator once . for five hour . it be okay at first ... then he start gettin ' closet --...closetphotos ... _ andy claustrophobic . mikey yeah . and he freak out . lose total control . - start spinnin ! around in circle . his arm whippin ' around . like a breakdancer on fast forward . I have to climb on the elevator roof : so I would not get hurt -- . - brand ( scream ) I can not breathe ! I be chokin ' ! mikey ! gimmee ' you misty stuff ! '' c'mon , man ! now ! mikey give brand the promotene mist . brand grab it . suck up the precious mist . mikey again whisper to Andy . mikey last time he use that be in the elevator . . ( serious , try to be strong ) Andy ... this might get rough . you better let I take you hand . Andy take mikey 's hand . thé passageway have get wider . the kid can now walk upright . the kid round a corner and have make it to a pool of water . the water come up - to - they ankle . mikey hold the map above water . he suddenly ' notice pile of glisten silver and ' copper coin , surround ' the edge of the wall . mikey smile , as if he pfayer be answer . struck with goldfever , mikey dash out ahead of everyone . mikey we find it ! we be rich !!! mikey fall to he hand and knee in a shaft of cool exterior moonlight from far above . brand take several deep breaths , take in the sudden burst of fresh AIR from above . he start picking up all the coin in a one inch pool of dirty water . continued 108 ( >. 108 ..< cont would ) C ) 75 rev : 10-14-84 data 108 what year be that map make ? mouth ( look through coin ) couple hundred year before abe lincoln ...uh... George Washington ... Thomas jefferson ... Martin * sheen ... . stef { that 's President Kennedy , crater face . we must be at the bottom of a wishing well or somethin' - andy I always use to believe that when '' you throw in a coin it turn into you wish . , the kid begin to pocket the change , joyously filling they pocket with the money . stef pause . something be bothering she . she look at the other . stef wait ... this be somebody else 's wish . not ours . stef empties she pocket . the other kid pause , do the same . mouth pause , put one of the quarter into he pocket . . mouth . yeah . well this wish be mine and it do not come true . mikey stare at the map , then stare at the medallion he find around Chester copperpot 's neck . mikey be puzzle . talking to himself . mikey '' what 's this get to do with the map ? huh , one eyed willy ... I know the answer 's here somewhere ... i° know how smart you be ... mikey examine the medallion , look for some sort of clue . suddenly , a splash . in front of data . data fish for what land in the water . he remove a silver dollar . he look at the other kid . surprised . continued oo ml . '' 108 ( cont would ) 109 110 111 112 76 data 108 who 's get the " k " to be makin’ dollar wish ? ext . wishing well - night 109 Troy sit at the side of the well , he red mustang in the background . he 's just tossed the silver dollar . Troy be drink bud with three of he muscular friend . one of the friend give a cockeyed smile to Troy . friend whadja ' wish for ? . troy to make it with Andy . suddenly , the silver dollar fly back out of the well . hitting Troy in the head . he glare down into the well . troy hey ! who 's down there ? int . wishing well - night : '' 110 everybody go nut . ' the goony scream and cheer . for help . everybody hey -- throw we a line ... help ! we be down here !... ext . wishing well - night 111 a hopeful Troy look at he friend . he shout back into the well . troy Andy ?...' Zat you voice I hear ? int . wishing well - night . 112 Andy . scream , think only of herself . andy ( 0.s. ) yeah , Troy ! I be stick down here ! how ' bout sendin ' down the bucket . and rope ! please ! save I ! 113 114 115 77 ext . wishing well - night 113 troy ; ( smile , to he friend ) see , dude ! wish do come true . Troy lower the bucket into the well . int . wishing well - night 114 the kid wait . excite . but mikey stand alone , stare at the medallion and the map . a puzzle , confuse look on he face . he talk to himself . . mikey . I know I can beat you ... this be just another one a you trick ... right , one eyed willy ? * cur to : int . sloth be room - night : . 115 sloth sit with he back to we . he sit in front of the t.v. his face a few inches from the screen . he be watch a pirate movie . Jake and Francis carry chunk -inside . they sit he chair directly beside sloth . sloth doesn 't notice . too interested in the show . Jake smirk at sloth . : jake hey ... do not sit so close to the t.v . it will screw up you ammo . Jake and Francis laugh . sloth ignore they . they exit the room . chunk stare ahead . scare . he still can't see sloth 's face . he emit a nervous laugh . try to be friendly . . chunk . hi...how ya! doin' ... my name 's lawrence . everybody call I " chunk " . guess that 's ' cause I eat too much twinkie juice ... sloth turn from the t.v. emitting a loud , angry growl . we see sloth's face . for the first time . lit by the flickering blue of the t.v. screen . sloth 's mishafen head be enormous . rectangular . a small patch of greyish hair continued 115 ( cont would ) 78 sit on the top of he point skull . his neck and temple 115 be shave . his ear be huge . his wide , bulbous nose stretch across he face . his lip be thick . dripping with saliva . his front tooth protrude . crooked . yellow . his eye be crooked . one sit in the middle of he cheek . the other be in its proper place . a monstrosity . chunk scream . trapped . sloth give a high pit 116 117 giggle . he 's find a friend . . int . basement - kitchen . 116 mama and the boy inspect the fireplace passageway . each carry a pistol and a flashlight . Francis be hold the doubloon . studying it . mama kick out the fireplace grid and start into the tunnel . Jake and Francis cock they pistol and follow mama inside . cur to : int . wishing well - night 117 the bucket have lowered to the bottom . Andy grab it first . . the other guy gather around . excite . hope : . but mikey be still staring at the map and medallion , still puzzle , still mumbling to himself . mikey see that the bucket have arrive . Andy put she foot into the bucket . mikey shout to she . mikey Andy ... waiti !!! we have get this other clue ... Chester copperport never get this far ... we have a chance ... andy a chance at what , mikey ? get kill ? look , if we keep goin ' ... somebody 's gonna get dead . '' maybe kill . boulder ... bat ... + ; gorilla ! just imagine what kinda ' _ other stuff be down here ! besides ... we gotta get to the Police ... mikey chunk prob'ly already get to the Police . continued 79 fo3 117 andy 117 so " ( ont a ) unless he 's dead . mikey ( snap at Andy ) 's do not say that ! do not ever say that ! ( a pause ) . goony never say die ! andy I be not a goony - mikey ( a realization ) . right ... I forget for a second ... ( to the other ) but you guy ... do not ya ' understand ? the next time you see the sky , it will be over another town . next time you take a test , it will be at some other school ... we mom and dad want the best of stuff for we ... but they gotta do what 's good for they because it 's they time now ... down here it 's our time ! but that 's all over the minute we ride up Troy 's bucket . Andy pause . mikey take 4 shot of promotene mist . he. look at all of the kid . he give a strong , determine look to everyone . mikey look ... a couple year ago ... my Mom and dad get on that big game show . remember , brand ?... Mom spend a month makin ' that funny costume .. she be a giant egg . dad be a fry pan . my dad keep sayin ' we be . gonna live in a place call " easy Street " . so we drive all the way to Hollywood . when we get there ... they put we in this big audience ... with - all this other people in funny costume . then some dude with lipstick and spray hair come down the stair . he walk up to we ... ( a beat ) first he make Mom guess how much .. toilet bowl cleaner cost ... she get it right . then he make my dad guess what a jar of ragu spaghetti sauce weigh ... he get it right . then he ask my dad ... " the Big ( more ) continued 80 117 mikey ( cont would ) 117 ( cont would ) Prize be behind door # 1 ? door # 2 ? - or door # 3 ? " now my dad 's lucky number be always " 2 " . he get | marry on August two . he get he job on June two . and he 's get two kid ... data . okay . okay . we get the point ! he take door # 2 ! mikey no . that 's the weird part . for some reason , he take door # 3 . so the game show guy scream ... " congratulation ! you have just win ... one hundre thousand ... . ( a pause ) * and the door swing open . and this huge glass jar be sittin’ in the middle of the stage ... fill with toothpicks . one hundred thousand toothpick . everyone listen . interested . Troy shout from above . troy ( 0.s. ) hey Andy !! you comin ' or not ! he pull the rope . Andy pull back , linger for another moment , fascinate by mikey 's story . mikey ( continue ) everybody in the place be laughin’ . even Mom and dad smile . but I could see on they face ?.. they know . they be never gonna live on easy Street . they blow they chance . * ( to the other ) poe this be it guy ... on Monday , all we live room turn into golf hole . '' this be we last chance . I mean ... I would feel like a real jerk if some guy like Troy dig up all the rich stuff ...' cause we be too chickenshit to go for it . everyone look at each other . how can they argue ? they be go for the treasure ! Troy again shout from above . continued 118 > 118a " 81 rev : 12-10-84 : troy ( 0.s. ) hey , Andy ... you wanna stay down . there with the goony ? or be you comin ' up here where you belong ? I be not get all night ! .. Andy pause , turn to the ' thers . they stare at Andy . wait for she decision . ext . wishing well - night Troy begins to pull the bucket and rope . it be heavy . Troy give a victorious smile to he friend . the bucket arrive at the top of the well . Troy be meet with a shocking sight . the bucket be wear Troy 's letter sweater . Troy grab the letter sweater . the bucket be fill with pebble and rock . his friend chuckle . a humiliated Troy turn and walk to he mustang . closer on mustang Troy reach dejectedly for the door handle as the sherief' car suddenly pull up , light blaze . sheriff nlean out window ) hey , Troy ! hold up ! troy what be you do out here , sheriff ? sheriff tryin ' to stop a lynching , son . ( Troy be puzzle ) mine . all hell 's bust loose over a bunch of missin ' goony . I get they parent callin ' I , the newspaper callin ' I , the Mayor 's calli not . I , and I sure as hell do not want to tell you what - they be callin " I . troy ( gareful pause ) gee , I ... wish I could help you , sheriff , but ... - sheriff somebody say they see you and Andy walk with one of them earlier today ... . ( look at notebook ) a stefanie ... goddamn this polish name ... ( continued ) 117 118 118a * 81a rev : 12-10-84 * 118a troy . liga * y '' ( cont would ) me? walk with a goonie ? when ae . my ass learn how to chew gum , sheriff . sheriff well when it do , son , you be sure and give I a call . there 's a damn few thing leave in this world I would pay to see , but that 's one of ‘em . the sheriff 's car roar off . Troy watch , guilty but defiant . 1139 int . wishing well ~ niget . 11 andy stand in front of mikey , prepare to take the goory vow . mikey give a serious look to Andy . mikey raise you right hand . '' repeat after I . Andy raise she right hand . she repeat every word mikey say . - . mikey " T will never betray my goon deck friend , we will stick together until the whole world end , through . heaven and hell , and nuclear good pal like we , will stick like tar , in the city , or the country , or the forest , or the boony , it be proudly declare a fellow ... " ( mikey 's eye : go wide , he . scream ! ) : leech ! it !! . andy leech ! ( pause , puzzle ) | leech ? you mean " goony " ! continued '' 120 82 mikey 119 I mean leech ! all over you arm ! . leech ! Andy look at she arm . there be countless tiny , black , slimy leech cover she arm ! the kid panic . everyone be cover with the little bloodsucker . they dash out of the water ! : : . CUT to : int . sloth's room - night 120 . close up - t.v. screen . julia child prepare @ chocolate | fudge cake . she pour creamy chocolate frosting over the double layer cake . camera pull back . chunk and sloth both stare at the t.v. screen . both they mouth watering over the food . they be both incredibly hungry . sloth utter a word . if a grizzly bear could speak , it would sound like sloth . sloth - chocolate . . : ( turn , smile at chunk ) chocolate ! chunk give a approving smile back . they share a common love . chunk remembers something . although he hand be tie , he have enough freedom to move into he back pocket . chunk 's finger dig into the pocket . he remove a somewhat crush " almond joy " . chunk lift the candy bar . showing it to sloth . sloth give a giant smile . '' sloth almond Joy !... almond Joy !... chunk try to throw the candy bar to sloth . it land between they both . on the floor . out of chunk and ’s$loth 's reach , sloth growls . angry . upset . he begin to pull at the chain that bind he legs to the wall . chunk watch . frightened . sloth pull harder . grunting , groaning . the wall surround the bolt begin to give . plaster crack . crumble . the bolt fly out of the wall . the chain drop to the floor . sloth 's leg be free . chunk shake he head . ' : chunk : geez , mister ... you be even hungrier than I . sloth give a wheeze laugh . he begin to pull at the chain that bind he arm . chunk just watch . CUT to : a3 rev : 12-17-84 121 int . wishing well - night 7 121 the kid be cover with leech ! they be in a frenzy . helpless . Andy try to shake the leech from she arm and finger . brand try to . pull off the leech . mikey try to dance off the leech . nothing work . the leech be -stuck . . data think fast . open he yellow vinyl blanket ! he remove a medium size , 20 volt battery ! he hurriedly connect two wire to the battery . data run to the edge . of the water pool . data keep he foot in the shallow section . he insert the end of the battery wire into the . water . a low voltage SHOCK surge through data . ' the leech fall off he body ! electrocuted ! data motion for the other to join he . as each person step into the water , data insert the two wire . a success . the device remove the leech from everyone . only Andy and stef remain . Andy step into - the water . she get she electric SHOCK . a smile slowly appear on she face . her knee buckle . weak . she emit a sigh . follow by a tiny squeal . the same thing happen to stef . once they be out of the water , stef whisper to Andy . stef I get all tingly . ( a sigh ) . just my luck ... I be in love with a io '' pond . ~ andy : ( but Andy feel violate by this ) who 's responsible for that ?!? Andy look at data , who be holding up the two electrical wire . data victoriously smile and wiggle he eyebrow suggestively . Andy slap data across the face . this cause a chain reaction on data 's bobby trapped body . a tiny GI joe doll pop out of data 's shirt and fire a single shot plastic projectile at Andy . the GI joe go ' pack down inside of data 's shirt , not unlike a cuckoo clock . Andy roll she eye . oo CUT to :. " 122 int . chester copperpot tunnel '' a agonized scream be hear as Jake try to pull mama over the top of a boulder while Francis push from behind . the lady be spreadeagled over the huge rock as the two boy struggle hard . : 7 ( at Francis ) push , goddamn you ... {at jake} before this one pull my arm out ... _ : ( at Francis ) 7 pushit '' prancis give a mighty shove up on mama 's behind as she lurch forward with a roar , instantly slap Jake in the face ! . jake of what be that for ? co of mama ae . . for what you brother just do ! jake why do not you hit he ? mama he be not here yet ! francis ( come over boulder ) mama , look ! : they see the skeleton of Chester copperpot lie on the ground . Jake lean down , pick up the wallet , open it . jare ( at empty wallet ) a niente . kid musta clean he out mama . sure . right before they ate. he . . francis ( at Jake ) lf stupid ... , continued 84 122 francis 122 ( cont would ) this be Chester copperpot . he go : - ookin ' for the miss treasure of William B. pordobel ... better know as " one eyed willy " . 's mama : ( hold up doubloon ) that 's what this be from ? francis one eyed willy be one a the most . ingenious pirate of the 16th century . the guy start out as a Court jester , but be banish from 5 Spanish court because of he off -color storey and pratical joke ... Jake grab the doubloon from mama . he stays behind , examine the doubloon as mama and Francis continue ahead . francis so , willy form this pirate Band ... and they set sail on this ship , " inferno " . willy and he man maraud hundred of the King 's ship . they accumulate a treasure worth million . ( a beat ) legend have it ... that while bein 's attack by three of the King 's ship , willy steer he stricken ship into a hide , underground cavern ... which the british seal with they cannon fire . willy and - the other survivor spend the next couple year hidin ' out , tryin ' to repair the inferno . they build a punch of underground cave , load with all kindsa ' weird booby =: ' trap ... to protect the treasure . one of he man escape to tell willy 's story ... ( shrug ) and that 's be the local legend around here for a couple hundred year . meanwhile , Jake still stand in the background , staring at the doubloon . Jake be stand directly below the hole where earlier , the gorilla have fallen . suddenly , a large , hairy gorilla arm reach down . the arm grab the toupee off Jake 's head . continued a5 122 , jake 122 ( cont would ) _ maaaaaaa --!! mama ( notice that he 's bald ) ' what happen to you piece ? jake ( lift gun ) . _ nothing , ma. I get it right here ! . mama ( slapping he on top of he bald head ) you hair piece ! - Jake remembers , then look at mama with fear in he eye . jake : I can not tell ya , ma. mama . what do ya’ mean , you can not tell 'my ? . jake if I do , you will let I have it again ! mama nsoften ) no I be not . just tell I son . jake ( flinching ) ok ... some huge , friggin’ hairy thing take it ! mama ( nodd thoughtfully while look at he ) you be a smart boy , Jake . jake | . ( smile , dim - wittedly ) '' yeah ? why 's that ma? mama you know I be gonna hit ya ! ( she let 's he have it -- whack !!) Jake turn and run . suddenly , there 1s a loud bang ! Jake continued 85 rev : 12-17-84 122 continued ' Jake whacks Francis in the face ! ee jake '' you message from mama ! mama ( whack Jake ) po not slap you brother ! Jake lurch backward from the blow . suddenly , there i5 a loud bang ! Francis jump ! we hear another loud bang ! Francis draw he pistil , fire , as mama and Jake duck for . cover . . . CUT to : 122 ( cont would ) 123 124 125 86 jump ! he begin to kun again ! we hear another bang ! and 122 another ! Jake fire he pistol ! up ahead , mama and Francis duck for cover . cyr to : int . tunnel leading to dead end - 123 the goony be frozen in they section of the passageway . the bang be audible , far back in the passageway . the kid exchange a frightened , panicked glance ! brand : what be that ?! what be that sound ?! data my booby cap . . ( hold up cap ) I put this on the ground so we can hear if somebody 's follow we ! the kid all exchange a shocked pause ! the realization suddenly hit they ! stef scream ! stef that mean somebody 's following US !!! with a scream , all of the kid run off into the passageway ! cur to : int . chester copperpot tunnel 124 Jake manage to catch he breath . mama examine the floor beneath he . she pick up a-row of cap from beneath . Jake 's shoe . she give Jake a slap to the head . mama . | what 's yert problem ? - firin ' yer gun over a buncha ' kiddie cap ? cur to : int . tunnel leading to dead end 125 the goony be run through the passageway . data lead the way with a flare ! his light illuminate a gradual rise in elevation . the kid round a corner , arrive in a SMALL , confined area . a dead end ! the flare goe out ! : continued 87 ( ~ 125 data reach back . his hand fumble over a stick of 125 a ( cont would ) dynamite , but grab another flare instead ! meanwhile , a look of panic seize brand . he begin to hyperventilate . become more claustrophobic . Andy try to comfort he . brand great ! a Dead end !!! now what ?!? huh ?!? . . andy . ' we go back the same way we come in . mikey look to the map . puzzle . talk to himself . : , '' mikey it 's gotta go on ... right " one eyed willy " ? you would not end it here ... you always get something ' up you sleeve ... . : in the background , brand continue to freak out . his face have become a deep pulsing red . his eye bulge . craze . he be on the verge of explosion . brand I can not breath !!!... it 's too small in here !!! you guy be usin ' up all the air !! it 's too small !!! mikey find a spanish phrase write on the map that correspond to where the kid be . mikey point it out to mouth . mouth translate . . mouth n . ' copper bone , . triple stone , westward foam ! " _ mikey ( look at the medallion ) here 's copper bone ... ( puzzle , mumble ' the rest - of the riddle ) everyone look around . they be surrounded by mossy , earthen wall . everyone be interrupted by a scream . brand suddenly snap ! brand I can not breath !!! you guy suck all the air !!! you suck it lemmmee ' out !!! leemmmeee ' la Le continued - 125 ( cont would ) 88 brand begin to literally climb the wall . he tear and 125 rip at the wall with he hand . he tear off the moss ! he rip out piece of earth and root ! the goony each grab a piece of brand , try to hold he back . finally , they get he to the ground and pile on top - of he ! when he finally relaxes , the kid get off . one by one . stef lift she shirt and motion for brand to put he head inside . stef okay . breath you own carbon dioxide . it 's good for you . brand 's head be stuffed beneath stef 's shirt , he head pury into she chest . Andy just stare . her eye angry . stef notice this and push brand out from beneath she shirt and toward Andy . : stef ah ... I think maybe ... maybe Andy 's better equip for this ... Andy nods . brand stuff he head under she shirt . meanwhile , mikey turn to the wall that brand have rape . the wall have be completely stripped of earth and moss . all that remain be a stone wall of jutting , stone pegs . they appear to be very natural , but they manage to catch mikey 's eye . he smile , talk to himself . . mikey " copper bone ... " . ( he hold up the medallion , look through the hole at the wall ) ... triple stone ... " mikey begin to try and fit the copper medallion hole over three of the jutting stone peg . he tries several stone , but nothing seem to fit . the kid be gathere around mikey . in the background , brand be still bury beneath Andy 's shirt . the other goony curiously watch mikey . . . '' . data what 's he do ? mouth he flip . just like he brother . just like the rest of we pretty soon . we be all gonna go batty . one by one .. pretty soon we will be eatin ' each other 's finger to stay alive . mikey suddenly fit the medallion over three jutting continued _ 125 1 126 127 89 stone . a perfect fit . mikey whisper to himself . 125 mo ( cont would ) pugzrep . mikey westward foam ?...foam ...foam ... mouth foam ...my grandad have a dog that foam after it get bit by a skunk . data shave foam ? stef : foam ! yeah , foam ! there 's foam in the ocean when it break on a shore . mikey ( nod ) , the ocean 's to the West ... mikey try to turn the medallion to the West ! suddenly , like a build in doorknob , the medallion and the stone turn . we hear a loud creaking SOUND ! mikey step back . the kid exchange a puzzle look . suddenly , a cannonball fly out of a secret compartment in the wall ! the kid sump back ! the cannonball roll into a small path that we see be mean for the cannonball . in typical rube goldberg fashion , the cannonball set off a chain of event that - climax with the floor beneath data flipping OPEN ! this send data flying and scream into the deep darkness of the new hole ! . int . hole with wooden spike : 126 camera enter hole with falling data ! data scream and fall through the darkness . toward the bottom . as data fall closer to the bottom , we cut to : data' p.o.v , - coming at he , a skeleton be ' visible , stand at the bottom of the tunnel . surrounded by sharp wooden spike . int . tunnel at dead end '' 127 the goony stand over the hole . data 's scream suddenly die ! coming to a abrupt stop ! the kid pause . looking at each other . a frightened , questioning look fill they 127 90 eye . they gather around the hole . the kid peer inside . 127 ( cont would ) there be nothing but blackness . brand call we . brand data ?... data ?... there be no answer . Andy 's face go white . she shout into the hole ! panicked ! andy data ! data !!! oh my god. ( and start to pray ) hail Mary , full of Grace ... ( cross herself ) mouth they probably get chunk ... ( scream down into the hole ) data ! data !! daaaaatttttaaaa !!! ( look up at all the kid - in a soft voice say ) he go down ... I coulda’ grab he ... I be this close ... this close . he 's really ... brand ( quietly ) ... go . upon hearing this everyone break down and start cry . mikey , already sobbing , start to cry uncontrollably . brand , who 's be hold Andy , leave she to put he arm . around mikey . he lift mikey up and the two brother clutch each other . mikey ( ery into brand 's shoulder ) I be gonna miss the’ way he use to _ shout out the name of all that goofy invention of he ... ( remember ) " glass of death ! " ... " bully blinder " !... " smoke screen " ... suddenly , a voice echoes from below ! . data ( 0.s. ) '' pincher of peril " ! : a look of hope cover the kid ' face . they shout into the ole . continued 127 ( cont would ) 128 129 130 oe ' 91 everyone . 127 data ! data ! be you okay ? speak to we ! int . hole with wooden spike 128 data hang a few inch from the top of the skeleton 's head . he have be save by he " pincher of peril " . they have clamped onto a jutting rock several foot above data . he dangle in midair , bobbling up and down on the slinky - like coil . he scream upward . data " pincher of peril " ! I have be save by my " pincher of peril " ! data look down . the skeleton below he seem to be part of a new passageway . there be a phosphorescent light glimmer throughout the passageway . data shout . - data hey , you guy ... I find another hole ... it 's all light up down here ... int . tunnel at dead end , 129 up above , the goony exchange a puzzle glance . brand * notice he 's still hold onto mikey . he drop he like a small sack of fertilizer and move over to reclaim he territory on Andy . int . sloth's room . 130 two giant , hairy hand ripping the " almond Joy " candy bar in two . camera pull back . '' we be back in sloth 's room . '' sloth have tear he binding from the wall . the fragment of heavy chain still hang from he arm and leg . chunk still sit beside sloth . tied up . in he chair . sloth gobbles down half of the candy bar . he pause and put the other half into chunk 's mouth . chunk happily chews . sloth walk toward chunk . his dark shadow tower over chunk . sloth 's arm reach out for chunk . chunk panic . think he 's go to be kill . chunk wait...please ... do not ... sloth grab chunk by the shoulder . sloth lift chunk and the chair . up into the AIR . until they face be on the same level . chunk be still frightened . sloth lean forward and kiss chunk ! on the lip ! it 's a harmless , continued c130 ~ ( cont would ) 131 - o 92 gentle kiss . sloth 's expression of friendship . sloth 130 lean back and giggle . chunk grimace . chunk man . you smell like p.e . ' sloth drop : chunk ! chunk and the chair hit the floor ! smash ! the chair break . into several piece . chunk get to he feet . free . chunk brush himself off . sloth grab chunk 's hand . - chunk hey ... what be you ... sloth pull chunk out of the room . int . basement - kitchen . 131 sloth pull chunk inside . sloth run to the freezer . he open the door . he look back at chunk . sloth t-bone . sloth rip open the freezer 's plastic bag . he remove a thick , frozen t-bone steak . sloth take a huge bite from the freeze meat . chewing the crunchy steak . sloth offer a bite to chunk . chunk decline . chunk ah , no ...no ... you keep it . I like mine not so crunchy ... sloth shrug . he continue eat the steak . bone and all . chunk spot a telephone . he walk out of the freezer and grab the phone . chunk dial a three digit number . chunk hello ? sheriff ? I be at the old lighthouse Lounge ... and ... well , I would ike to report a ... first , there 's a murder ... actually , two murder . - plus , we find the hideout of that '' fratelli people .. then -- sheriff ( v<0 . ) wait . just hold on here . be this you again , lawrence ? | chunk ( embarrassed ) ah ... yeah .. it be . continued ; sheriff ( V - 0 - ) I at when the hell be you gonna 's stop puggin ' I ? bol hafta ! call you mother again ? _ 431 ( cont ! a ) meanwhile , sloth have begin to devour & frozen rip the turkey apart . one of the sloth 's hand - bounce into the firep . ° '' the fireplace . chunk try to convince ' the sheriff . sheriff ..- this time I be tellin’ the txruth ..- sheriff ( v.0 . ) yeah . just like the time you tell I 50 iranian terrorist take over every " sizzler steak House " in the chunk okay - r'il admit ... that be a joke . -- sloth reach into the fireplace hole . try to find the turkey leg - he notice the dark passageway - he look into the blackness - sloth emit 4 roar into the passageway - the passageway echos back with another roar . sloth . in. other echo answer back . sloth laugh er . he 's find another friend . '' chunk still tries to convinee the sheriff . . chunk . honest , sherif£ ..- you gotta pelieve - I ..- herlff ( v.0 . ) y do ? just like that last pr about ail that little creature that multiply when you throw water on an ! chunk notice something . sloth be climbing into the fireplace . '' chunk sheriff . - shold on -- ( call to sloth ) wait ! get pack here ! hey ! as chunk poss this . he clumsily tear the phone out of the continued 131 ( cont would ) 132 133 94 wall ! sloth continue to crawl into the fireplace . 131 chasing he new friend . see that there be no chance to repair the phone , chunk run to the fireplace and follows sloth inside . CUT to : " int . hole with wooden spike . 132 the kid have lowered themselves into the new passageway from a length of rope . a dim , phosphorus light fill the area , cause by microscopic sea creature and plankton . int . circular chamber . 133 they walk into a circular chamber with three separate . tunnel . the skeleton , dress in pirate' costume , be suspend in a chain - like contraption , amidst a series of sharp , wooden spike , in the middle of the room . the kid stare at the skeleton , puzzle , shocked by : what they see . the kid slowly inch toward the skeleton . mikey notice that the three tunnel all lead off into different . direction . nothing in particular distinguish one tunnel from the other . the kid be puzzle . confuse . mouth hey , mikey . which door 's the hundred thousand toothpick behind ? camera move in on mikey . can history be repeat itself and hand mikey a second chance ? he look at the map . Andy be bouncing up and down on one leg . she have to go to the bathroom . she turn to stef . stef be also bouncing up and down on one leg . Andy pull stef 's arm . they sneak off together . into one of the three tunnel . everyone be too concerned with one eyed willy to notice . meanwhile , mikey have found the spot on the map where the path veer off into three direction . a spanish riddle be write here . mikey point : this out to mouth . '' mouth examine the phrase . he translate , in the voice of peter lorre . - mouth " '' Three tunnel of mystery , all lead to unknown , to travel correctly , tickle the funnybone . '' everyone turn to the skeleton . looking for the funnybone . mikey ( with total commitment ) I know it 's door number two . this time it 's gotta 's be the middle tunnel . everything 's behind the second door .... continued 133 ( cont would ) 134 135 95 brand 133 ( agree ) : it 's what dad shoulda 's pick ! mouth ( snap at the brother ) yeah , well maybe my dad woulda 's pick door # 3 ! and maybe data 's woulda '' pick door # 1 ! we can not be stupid . we be not rushin ' into anything anymore ! curt to : int . kissing tunnel ' _ 134 Andy and stef have finish they business . they be without a flashlight , or flere . stef turn to go back . Andy pause , giggle . - she compose herself and cry out : andy oh , brand ... brand ... ( a beat ) it 's so dark over here ...1 I trip over somethin' ... think maybe I sprain my ankle ... stef - how can you be thinkin ' about brand at a time like this ? : andy because , if we never get out of here ... if this be go to he my last day on earth ... if we be go to be doom and condemn ... I be gonna make brand walsh my last meal ! int . circular chamber 135 brand and the boy surround the dangle " one eyed willy " skeleton ? still look for the funnybone . Andy 's voice echoe from the tunnel . prand ! andy ( 0.s. ) rand !... brand sigh . he give a slap to mikey . brand go see what she 's raggin ' about . mikey follow Andy 's voice into one of the tunnel . brand look at the other . continued a for '' 135 ( cont would ) 136 137 96 brand . 135 okay , so we gotta tickle ' im ... but where 's the funnybone ? mouth tickle behind the skeleton 's elbow . this triggers a loud creaking SOUND . suddenly , a skeleton shoot cut of one of the cave , dress as the " angel of death " . the skeleton be carry a large scythe . its rusted blade long and sharp . the booby - trap skeleton speed across the floor fastened to a wooden board with wheel . the scythe blade come straight for the boy 's head . the boy duck , just in time . the skeleton shoot by . the sickle blade just miss they head by less than a inch . . the skeleton slam into a far wall , shatter into a million piece . the boy catch they breath . CUT to : int . wishing well : ; 136 the fratelli 's make they way out of the small water pool . they be smoking cigarettes , burn off the leech with the fiery end of the cigarette . mama spot footprint lead out of the pond . she smile . . mama they go this way . there 's little nike print all over the ground . mama , . Jake and Francis continue forward . int . kissing tunnel 137 mikey walk through the twist tunnel , look for Andy . she crouch a few foot ahead , at the edge of the dark corner , wait . stef watch . in the background , Andy call again . andy brand ... hurry ! Andy heaf footstep come she way . she exchange a smile with stef . the footstep get closer . mikey round the corer . Andy wrap she arm around he .. in the darkness , Andy mistake mikey for brand . Andy kiss mikey . a long , passionate , open mouth kiss . stef watch , realize that it 's mikey . she hide she laughter . Andy finally stop . she lean against the wall , out of breath , eye close , in dreamland . a giant smile cover she face . a startle , but ecstatic mikey do not say a word . he look at stef . she give he a wink . she will not divulge continued 97 fo. 137 he secret . mikey turn . he move back to the boy . Andy 137 ae ( cont would ) open she eye . stef give a question look . a stef okay , you kiss ... now tell ! . _. andy ( scientifically ) well ! he 's not what he appear . he 's scholarly ... and sensitive ... and very , very sweet . but there 's . something weird ... ~ stef what 's that ? andy I think he wear brace . stef : ( hide laughter ) . next time ... you gotta kiss ' im with you eye open . it 's a whole different experience . stef pull Andy 's arm . they move back to the chamber . 138 int . circular chamber . . 138 the boy still sit in front of " one eyed willy " , shake , puzzle , try to figure out where the funnybone be locate . mikey enter , follow a few second later , by stef and Andy . they see the smashed skeleton with the scythe , puzzle . stef . apause , think , a . realization ) . okay . everybody turn around and hide you eye . . goonies '' what ? turn around ? hide we eye ? _ why ?... stef hey ... you wanna get outta here or not ? !? ~ the guy shrug . what can they lose ? everyone turn around and hide they eye . when stef get the privacy she want , she reach out and ... grab the skeleton' . crotch . a moment pass . a creak SOUND . the kid brace ~ continued oy 138 ( cont would ) 98 themselves for another booby - trap scare . but this 138 time ... one eyed willy 's body contort . the chain hold the skeleton 's right arm begin to move . slowly , the arm raise . it stop in midair . the arm finger point to door number three . stef smile . ; stef : okay . you guy can turn back around . the kid turn around and see the skeleton point to the third door . but the kid be puzzle . how do stef figure this out ? brand what would you do , stef ? stef I just know where the funnybone be ! okay ?!? . the boy know better than to ask any question . mikey seem disappointed that the skeleton be point to door number 3 . mouth put he arm around mikey . mouth guess you old man woulda 's lose down here , too . . mikey do not say a word as the other begin to move . through door # 3 . but mikey get a sudden idea . he cover he right eye with he hand . he stare at the skeleton 's finger . he move he hand , then cover he eye again . he smile ; a realization . . . mikey hey , guy !!! wait !!... the kid pause . mikey look 's at everyone . : mikey okay ... so one eyed willy only have one eye ... right ? . ( the kid agree ) '' and if ya ' only get one eye ... well , ya ' sorta ! see thing in a different . way ... mikey cover he eye . the other kid follow suit and do the same . they see that when you cover you eye , the skeleton actually point to the middle tunnel . continued 138 - 139 39 rev : 1-11-85 brand 138 ( cont would ) oturn to mikey ) it 's the middle tunnel ! . ( to mouth ) door number two ! . mouth shrug , reluctantly agree . everyone congratulate mikey , as they run into the middle tunnel . cur to : int . chester copperpot tunnel . - 139 sloth be run through the passageway , eat the freeze turkey leg . chunk be a few step behind sloth . sloth walk through the tunnel . he emit a , loud scream.into the dark passageway . a echo again answer back . sloth chuckle , continue forward . chunk grab sloth 's arn , try to explain . . crunk wait ! listen to I ! that 's not a person . that 's just you echo . understand ? you echo ! ' - sloth pause . his face light . he neds , think he understand chunk . : sloth eggo ! eggo waffle ! sloth turn and continue forward excitedly repeat " eggo ~ vaitler to himself . chunk follow , try to reason with sloth . chunk ; no! not " eggo '... echo ! echo ! : - sloth . * eggo ! . . * chunk = echo ! sloth * eggo ! chunk - * okay ! have it you way ! sloth pause , then grin , he eye dance like pinbalis * with instant recognition . continued soa 139 sloth 139 ( cont would ) ( sing the Burger ( cont would ) King commercial ) have it you way ..- chunk beam , immediately join in , as the two fast friend head off down the tunnel sing together . chunk . ( voice trail off ) actually , my favorite be domino pizza . I will take you to one when we get back ... . 140 int . cavern under 200 140 suddenly , a growl be hear . sloth pause . he look around . a frighten chunk hide behind sloth . suddenly , - a hairy gorilla arm reach down from above and grab the turkey leg from sloth 's hand . but sloth do not let go . sloth pull the leg ! the gorilla pull back ! a tug of - war ! . a VA 141 142 143 144 100 rev : 12-13-84 ext . cauldron point Z00 - night , 141 we see bonzo have a tug of war with someone underground , bertha grab hold of bonzo , assist she mate . underground - : 142 the tug of war continue . but sloth be stronger ! he. manage to pull bonzo and bertha through the hole and inside of the passageway . sloth be meet face to face with the two gorillas . bonzo and bertha growl ! ready to kill ! but sloth step into a sliver of light and the gorilla see sloth 's face ! they be terrify ! sloth growl and snap , leaping forward , and bertha and bonzo panic , dash forward into the passageway . bonzo and bertha , 143 run several foot and leap up the wall , try to burrow out through the ceiling . ext . filling station : . 144 Troy and he friend have stop at the gas station . a middle - aged attendant in greasy work clothes fill the gas tank of Troy 's mustang . Troy and he friend get out of the car . they be guzzle bottle of Heineken . Troy fumble through he pocket to pay the Station attendant . Troy look at the front fender . he spot a microscopic , nearly invisible scratch . . : - 7 troy look at that ! look what you do ! that scratch be not there this morning ! attendant ( honest ) . I be not even close to that side of the car ... troy - yeah . right . you goony get a excuse for everything ! Troy slug some beer . we hear a '' ding - ding " in b.g. as another vehicle pull up at the pump . . troy ( cont 'd ) you better start linin ' up for food stamp , pal . my old man 's best friend with the guy who own this station . you can kiss you job goodbye . continued 's 144 145 102 re 12-13-84 another " ding - ding . " the irritate attendant turn | 144 toward the noise . '' aptendant listen , I will be with ya in a ... angle on gorillas - he Pov . the two gorillas leap out of they red golf cart on the other side of the pump ! grunting in ecstacy at the sight of Troy 's red automobile , they lumber toward it , toss Troy and he friend to one side like cabbage patch doll . bonzo jump onto the hood , cave it in , as bertha leap into the car . bonzo take he familiar place behind the wheel , reach out to stomp on the pedal . the car lurch forward and drive away erratically , spin from side to side . Troy get to he foot , purple with rage . troy De not just stand there ! somebody go something ! that car cost my daddy fifteen thousand dollar ! the satisfied attendant rehook the gas nozzle to the pump , check the reading . attendant plus twenty - two fifty , peckerhead . plus twenty - two fifty . cuT to : int . circular chamber 145 -. mama and the boy enter . they see the skeleton point to the third cave . camera pan to the floor . we see the several nike footprint lead into the middle cave . Francis stare at the skeleton . francis Christ , ma ... it 's like the Museum a' Natural History . Jake walk to the skeleton and begin to go through the skeleton 's pocket . jake hey ... maybe this guy 's go some spare change . Jake 's hand reach inte the skeleton 's crotch area . the skeleton 's arm spring back and sock Jake , knock he to the ground ! a raging Jake raise he pistol , ready to blow the skeleton 's brain out . mama interrupt : mama shhhhh ! wait ! listen ! Jake and Francis pause . we hear the distant sound of the goonies 's voice echoing from the middle tunnel . they voice be high , squealing with excitement , as if they have just discover something . a menace smile slither 145 - ( cont would ) 146 102 across mama 's face . she check she revolver , make sure 145 it 's load . int . passageway ( with mast over water ) ° : 146 the goony have arrive in a large section of the passageway . a long , crooked , wooden mast stretch across a deep , stream of rush water . . the mast be the only way across the stream , which lead to a Skull - shape open in the wall . countless live starfish line the surround wall . close = group shot for the first time , all ef the goony sense the impending magic of mikey 's adventure . all stare , jaw limp . Andy whisper to brand : andy : brand ... hold my hand ... I gotta ' be sure this be real . Andy reach out for brand 's hand . mikey reach back . and grab Andy 's hand first . Andy can not téll the difference . but brand , who stand ahead of mikey , grope back for Andy 's hand . mikey think fast and grab a starfish from the wall . he put the starfish into brand 's hand . brand be satisfied , think he be hold Andy 's hand . mikey smile to himself . brand move he hand forward . he sees the starfish . letting out a scream , he pull the starfish from he hand . mikey quickly let go of Andy 's hand . he can not hide he giggle . brand notice . he grab mikey in a headlock . brand you little wuss ! you wanna play game ? we will play= - they be suddenly interrupt by the SOUND of banging cap ! the kid exchange a startle . glance . . : : . mouth '' shit ! that -sound again ! . stef . an@ it be not as far back this time ! . the kid emit a mutual scream . they run for the mast . they begin to climb the mast . some of the kid balance themselves , try to walk across . other straddle the mast , crawl toward the skull - shape open . the old - mast creak and groan with they every move . a low , ominous voice suddenly echoe through the chamber . continued 146 ( cont would ) 147 148 103 mama { 0.s. ) 146 ooooochhhhh , booooooyyyyssss !... / andy > oooocohhhhh , shhhhiiiiittttt !...°' mouth ( turn , tremble ) jerk alert ! — the kid stop and turn , have make it halfway along the mast ! . mama , jake and francis , 147 stand at the entrance to the passageway , at the foot of the mast , over 75 yard away from the goony . mama raise . she pistol toward the kid . ° mama not...one ...more ...step ... the kid look at each other , turn and move . faster along the mast , practically crawl over each other to make it to the open ! mama shoot ! a section of the mast be hit , blow it to smithereeen ! the kid continue to . run ! mama fire another shot ! the bullet zip past mikey , | just miss he . it blow away a section of wood directly in front of he ! the kid arrive at the top , run into the open . mama and the boy dash forward , beginning to cross the mast . before enter , data turn , see the fratelli 's come after he with a gun . he reach for a cord inside of he shirt . he pull the cord and scream . data - slick shoe ! both heel of data 's shoe pop open ! a plastic tube extend ! Black oil spray out , splattering down the mast ! as mama balance herself on the mast , she raise she gun , aim at data . but the oil have splatter over the entire mast . before mama can fire a shot , she slip and fall , tumble back into Jake and Francis . they nearly fall off the mast , hold on for dear life ! data cheer , but suddenly begin to slip himself . second before he fall into the stream of water , mikey grab he and pull data into the chamber . ry int . organ chamber 148 the goony run inside , panicked , scared . the chamber be no more than thirty foot in length . its passageway be continued o ) 148 ( cont would ) 149 104 block by a giant boulder . brand and mouth try to move 148 the boulder that block the path . too heavy . wo not ' budge . . the kid exchange a frighten glance . they be trap . built into the wall , beside the boulder , be a pipe organ . a quite unusual organ . each piece , from the key to the pedal , be construct of human bone . stef reach out to hit a key . a frenzied mikey open the map , read it with mouth . mikey shout out to stef . mikey wait ... do not ... stef pause . mouth hurriedly read another of the map 's riddle . beneath this riddle , a few bar of music be write . but a few of the note be erase and smear . a result of the map 's age . mouth translate the riddle . mouth " to move on , play the tune , as each note be say , for too many mistake , ye will surely be dead . " brand you mean we gotta play the bone to get outta ' here ? - mikey fhold up map ) anybody know how to read music ? the kid shake they head . stef look at Andy . stef hey ... you be the only one of we who could afford piano lesson ... andy ( shrug ) six month of lesson . when I be . five . mikey '' better than nuthin’ . mikey give she the map . Andy examine ' the bar of music . data be look back through the tunnel entrance . - int . passageway ( with mast over water ) : 149 data be Pov - mama and the boy be back on they foot . Red with anger . they attempt to again climb the mast , slip , slide , and struggle . be '' 150 105 int . organ chamber , 150 data look back to the goony . data hey , guy ... they be comin ' ! everyone turn to Andy . scare . helpless . they survival be up to she . she give a nervous shrug . andy I will give it a shot . Andy take a seat at the organ . she place the map on the piano 's music stand . Andy read the first note . slowly , she push down the foot pedal . - she presses one of the bone key . a hollow , mysterious chord of AIR echoe through the tunnel . the boulder creak . open a crack . the kid exchange a hopeful : smile . - Andy read the next two note . she hit two keys . two chord echo through the tunnel . the boulder creak again . open a little more . less than a inch . Andy tries to read the next note . it be smear . unreadable . nervous , she play a random note . a sour chord blast through the tunnel . a large chunk of the floor crack ! it drop out ! inches from mikey 's foot . he jump back . there be now a large hole in the floor . mikey peer into the hole . it 's a hundre foot drop . onto a floor of sharp stalagmite . mikey catch he breath . mikey oh , God !... oh , God !... stef what ? '' data my whole life just flashed before I ! * stef '' life ? what life ? you be eleven year old ! Andy be trembling . nervous . she attempt to read the note again . this time , she plays a different key . the chord be clear . melodic . it sing through the tunnel . the boulder move again . open another inch . the kid emit a group sigh . data still keep watch . 151 152 153 154° 106 int . passageway with mast over water 151 mama , Francis and Jake be more than halfway along the — mast . Francis slip , nearly fall into the stream . only he gun fall into the water . Francis compose himself and continue climb upward . int . organ chamber 152 data panic . he scream to Andy . data hey , Andy ... better play faster ! they be gettin ' closer ! Andy begin to play faster . she hit several correct key . the boulder slowly open . inch by inch . but Andy suddenly hit a wrong note . another huge section of floor drop out . mouth nearly fall to he death . . stef grab he . - in the nick of time . : mama and the boy 153 be only a few foot from the open . int . organ chamber 154 data scream at Andy . data faster , Andy ! you gotta play faster ! Andy try to play faster . this cause the boulder to open a little more quickly . but in the frenzy , Andy manage to he a few wrong note . the sour note always trigger another section of the floor to drop out . the goony be diving . leap . do everything to avoid the deadly hole in the floor . $ oon , only one section of the floor 7 remain intact : the section hold the érgan . all of the. kid be cluster together . clutch , grab onto different section of the organ . the remain section of floor tilt and quiver . if this section drop , the organ will crumble and all of the goony will fall to they 162 ° . mikey mouth ... say something ' funny ! mouth ( scream in he own voice ) we be all gonna die ! continued 154 107 Andy neds . hand shaking . dripping with sweat . she 154 ( cont would ) hurriedly play the final bar of note . Andy look at the 155 156 157 158 map 's final note . completely blurred . Andy pause . try to decide what note to hit . brand ( panicked , to Andy ) Andy , whatever you do ... do not screw up another note ... mama , jake and francis 155 ° arrive at the foot of the chamber , still slip and . slide . they reach up . grabbing the chamber 's ledge for support . try to crawl inside . 's int . organ chamber 156 Andy sit at the keyboard . frozen . try to decide what note to hit . see the fratellis , data shout to Andy . data just play the mother ! Andy close she eye . she raise she index finger . she randomly drop it onto the keyboard . a loud melodic note sound through the tunnel . the boulder slowly open . Wide enough for the kid to get through . Andy and the kid climb from the organ , through the open ! but mikey 's foot step on yet another note ! a wrong note ! the organ begin to crumble ! the floor hold the organ sway , and mikey be still hang on ! brand reach out and grab he brother 's hand ! he pull mikey into the open , second before the entire organ and floor crumble into a million piece ! - int . water slide ei 187 the goony have escape into a steep , long circular water slide ! the goony duck and 's dodge various jutting rock and stallactite as they slide to the bottom ! scream the whole way down ! int . pirate ship cavern 158 a rocky wall . a small passageway . less than four foot tall . it sit at the bottom of the wall . a miniature cave . a stream of water suddenly gush out of the passageway . brand , mikey and data also - shoot out ! they continued 158 { cont would ) 159 160 108 land in the pool of water below it . a few second pass . 158 mouth , stef and Andy flow out ! ejected from the passageway ! the kid catch they breath . shake the water from they ear . spit the water out of they lung . mikey see something . his eye get wide . his mouth drop open . speechless . the other be soon meet with the same sight . they be equally shocked . - delighted . overwhelm . for several moment , the kid stare . in wonderment . : camera pull back , 159 we be in a enormous underground cavern . a enchant , magical place . the high ceiling and wall be line with sparkling rock . a large pool of water stretch across the ground . the most amazing sight in the entire cavern , be a authentic , well preserve pirate ship ! the gigantic ship be tilt on its side . conetruct of wood . its crooked mast and tatter sail be in place . a black , skull and crossbone flag wave . at half mast . the figurehead of a beautiful woman adorn the ship 's bow . ancient cannon jut from the side of the ship . half of the ship be bury into the cavern wall . the result of a cave in . hundred of year ago . the kid continue to stare at the amazing sight . speechless . cur to : int . hole with wooden spike . 160 sloth climb down the rope , move toward the circular chamber . chunk hold onto sloth 's back . as they climb 's downward , chunk look at sloth . chunk ya , know ... you be fiot such a strange lookin ' guy . I use to have a snake with two head . sloth give a grunt . chunk keep talk . chunk and I got. this other friend ... Mitch ... hé 's get this ... this big hairy thing growin ' out of he neck ... people always make fun of it . so he only go out to play at night . ( nod ) Bet you only like to go out at ( more ) continued 109 160 chunk ( cont would ) 160 ( cont would ) night . huh ? yeah . I know how ya ' , ' must feel . it 's like when I go |. swimmin ' at the public pool ... and I gotta’ take my shirt off . I get 's really embarass ... all the other guy get dark tan and ripple in they stomach ... and I be this | pillsbury dough Boy . so I swim in a sweatshirt . 161 int . circular chamber , 161 sloth give a understanding groan . they arrive at tthe bottom and enter the circular chamber . sloth and chunk stare at the pirate skeleton with childlike astonishment . sloth walk up to the skeleton , remove the pirate hat and put it on he head . he turn , wiggling he eyebrow to chunk , he expression say " how do I look ? " chunk smile . a honest expression on he face . chunk you ... be a stud ! . cut to : 162 int . organ chamber 162 mama , Jake and Francis move slowly , carefully . they walk , back to the wall , across a thin catwalk along the edge of the chamber wall . the catwalk be cause by the fall floor . one slip and they be dead . CUT to : + 163 int . pirate cavern 163 the kid stand before the large pool of water . mikey . begin to walk into the water . brand grab he . brand : what if there 's more leech ? mikey pause . data have a solution . he reach into he shirt and pull a cord . a large , yellow life raft pop out of he backpack . the raft begin to inflate . but it just | do not stop . it continue to get bigger ... bigger ...until ... boom ! it explode ! the sound send a shudder through the ancient cavern ! a small rumbling be hear . tiny piece of earth crumble from the cavern continued co 163 ( cont would ) 110 ceiling . the kid exchange a frighten glance . with this 163 they jump into the shallow water and hurry toward the ship . as they wade through the water , mikey stare in astonishment at the ship . mikey willy have it all plan out ... he be waitin ' for we ... do not ya ' get it ? he 's be waitin ' for we for three hundred year . it 's almost like ... like he want to invite we aboard ... the kid continue to hurry forward . stef suddenly feel something strange , brush against she thigh underwater . she turn to mouth , who be behind she . stef glare at hin , raise she hand as if to slap he . : stef watch yer hand ! touch I again and I will she - bop you ! mouth give a puzzle shrug . stef turn back around . camera pan underwater . we see a giant , slitherly tentacle wiggling a few inch from stef 's thigh . the tentacle begin to rub stef 's thigh . close - stef her face glow with anger . she raise she hand , ready to slap mouth . . stef I warn you ... stef turn and give a hard slap to ... a giant squid ! '' its bloodshot eye and tentacle be face to / face with stef ! it have shot out of the water , between stef and mouth . stef be speechless ! in shock ! : the squid retaliate with a slap to stef , knock she into the water ! ' the goony clutch each other . terrify . another _tentacle swoops down . with the sound of a crack whip , the tentacle slam into the water between the kid . mikey what be it ?!? data giant sushi !!!! the bloodshot eye of the squid move just above the surface past the goony as another tentacled arm suck across Andy 's breast , pull she toward the squid 's gape continued - noe C ~ 163 ( cont would ) 164 111 mouth . data remove he cassette player from he backpack . 163 he turn it on ! crank the volume . the talk head " Burning down the House " blast from the twin speaker ! data throw the cassette player into the squid 's mouth . the squid reel back , let go of Andy ! the booming chorus of the head 's song reverberate through the squid 's body . it tremble . quiver . in shock . the monster shoot away from the goony . it be craze by the rock and roll . the squid wildly bounce off the cavernous wail , try to make the music stop . the squid inadvertantly do a comic dance , rock to the beat of the music and the kid watch it disappear . Far into the cavern . the goony run to the pirate ship . scare out of they wit . they arrive at the ship 's bow . the gigantic ship tower over they . mikey jump up . he begin to climb the side of the ship . place he foot in the thin crack of yood the other kid hurriedly follow . mikey shout down to they . mikey be careful ... this wood 's really old . one splinter and you be in for hepatitis ... spinal meningitis ... lockjaw ... mikey continue babbling as he climb over the ship 's top . int . pirate cavern , 164 the kid climb aboard . they stand on the ship 's crooked deck . the deck be long and wide . cover with old , creaky board . various sword and knife hang on a weapon rack . on the outside wall of the main cabin . the kid look for a way out . brand and mouth scan the wall of weapon . look for a door . mikey run up onto the raise deck . stef and Andy find a trap door . but it be lock by several thick , metal chain . data walk up to the ship 's extend , curve ventilator . data crawl 's into . the wide ventilator open . - . move along the raise deck , mikey back into something . he turn . a pirate stand there ! '' his back to mikey . the pirate be huddle over the ship 's huge , wooden steering wheel . he be dress in a tatter , colorful pirate costume . mikey catch he breath . he reach out , touch the pirate . a creak . the pirate turn . mikey be face to face with a grin pirate skull . two dagger protrude from the deep eye socket ! mikey scream . everyone rush to he . save for data . the kid examine the skeleton . continued CO ) 164 . ( cont would ) 112 stef pull one of the dagger from the eye socket . 164 examine it . the dagger 's handle be line with small sparkling jewel . - diamond . Andy grab the other dagger . examine the jewel . andy think this be real ? mikey if they be ... I will make a necklace out of ‘em for ya ' . Andy give mikey a ruffle to he hair . he would rather have another kiss . they be interrupt by data 's voice . scream for help . everyone turn . data 's tiny leg protrude from the ventilator 's hole . kick . data be stick . the kid come to he rescue . brand and mouth each grab one of data 's leg . pull . hard . instead of 's pull data out of the ventilator .. . brand and mouth pull 165 the ventilator out of the deck ! data falis on he bottom . still inside of the ventilator . a latge hole have replace the ventilator . in the ship 's deck . Andy peer into the dark hole . her head pop back out . nose crinkle . cough . it 's dusty . Andy look at the other . andy can not see anything ... Andy : motion for the other to follow . she lower herself into the hole . data have manage to squirm out of the ventilator . he follow the other into the bowel of the ship : before enter , mikey take a shot from he breath - allzer . w. int . pirate ship - beneath the top deck 165 the kid enter the large cabin below deck . a thick layer of greyish brown dust cover the floor . the kid huddle close together . the kid foot move through the thick dust . mikey stop . . notice something in the middle of the ceiling . a small yellow glow . shine through the dust ! mikey point it out to the other . : mikey cool . yellow stuff . the kid clear the dust with they hand . the glow get brighter . brighter . the dust be clear . a area of board be visible . Bright golden light glimmer . through the crack . the kid exchange hopeful glance . mouth give a sarcastic smirk . . 113 165 . mouth . 165 ( cont would ) great . we find Three mile Island . mikey spot another riddle . carve into the beam . mouth translate , in the voice of the british pirate . " mouth ' tye intruder beware , : crush death and grief , -~ soak with blood , of the trespasp thief . " : . data , . that 's the first riddle ... from the attic . mikey excitedly standson a bench . he grab hold of a loose board . he pull . hard . the ship creak and shudder . but the kid be too curious to care . mikey continue to ull . finally , the board snap . a glaring shaft of ight ! shine through the rectangular hole ! mikey smile at the other . they be anxious . excite . everyone grab hold of a hoard ! as each board be remove , more light fill the cabin . the ship continue to creak ~ and groan . the kid work fast . urgent . pull away more board . the ceiling above the kid begin to weaken . the small section of ceiling give , tumble down onto the kid , revealing the glorious light . 166 int . treasure cabin 166 the kid have climb into a large room . fill with the treasure ! a magical room . glisten with all the color of the rainbow . the room be literally a garden of jewel . there be tree with branch of silver and gold coin , and leave of emerald . Rose bush be make of sparkling ruby . there be flower of sapphire . bushes make of pearl . there be even a-half moon , ' suspend in the air , make of diamond . scatter throughout the jewel garden , be hundred '' of other item . drink goblet . necklaces . ring . crown . more treasure than the kid ( or the audience ) have ever see in one room ! pirate skeleton surround the treasure . arm cross . armed with sword . guardian of the treasure . : and sit in the middle of all of this , at a long wooden table cover with a feast of treasure , be one eyed willy . a look of total respect and admiration cover mikey 's face . he nod to one eyed willy . continued 114 rev : 10-14-84 166 . mikey 166 ( % , ( cont would ) hello . I be Mike walsh . this be moat my friend . you have be expect - we , and well , here we be ~- we make it , willy . all in one piece too ... so far . . mikey notice a ancient version of what could be take for a breathalizer sit in front of one eyed willy . mikey smile . curious , mikey reach and lift one eyed willy 's eye patch . there be no socket . it be a solid skull . mikey reverantly replace the patch . mikey one eyed willy ... you be the first goonie . the other be ecstatic ! joyous ! laugh and giggle wildly ! they make a mad scramble for the treasure . they begin to load themselves with the piece . stuff they pocket , shirt , pants and sock . Andy and stef try on . ring and necklace . data wear a huge golden crown . it cover most of he head . mouth begin to gather , he favorite piece , he reach over to the small pile of jewel in front of one eyed willy . mikey stop mouth . mikey that 's he . do not mess with it . mouth shrug and grab more jewel from the floor . mikey find a large ruby . mikey my dad 's gonna die when he see what we brung he . he will get ten hour sleep tonight ! . brand : do not take anything you can not carry . ( a beat ) we will come back for bigger stuff ' later . Mike remove he marble bag . he empty all the marble and fill the bag with small , choice jewel . stef burry it up . that creepos be still comin ' after we ... andy what be we gonna do ? _ continued . C mikey . , 166 I know ... the hardy boy do this once ... the kid listen . continue to stuff themselves with treasure . they clothes bulge . tight . like they be wear fat suit . mikey continue . : mikey we can leave a trail of this stuff ... leadin ' to one a' that .. skeleton cave ... while they follow the trail ... we will be hidin ' out in another cave ! we will take them out ! then we can make a run for it ! . mama ( 0.s. ) that 's a good plan . Real good plan . the kid turn . mama , Jake and Francis stand in the cabin . Jake and Francis be armed with sword and knife from the weapon rack . mama point she gun at the kid . laugh . the kid look at each other . frightened . suddenly , data fume with anger . he cry out . '' data that 's it ! this be war ! we will not be take alive !!! . ( open he shirt , pull a cord and scream ) " '' intimidator ! " data 's arm , leg and crotch begin to expand , give he enormous muscle ! lift in he shoe cause data 's height to expand ! data begin to look ... intimidate ! but he muscle continue to grow . get bigger ... bigger .. bigger .. until suddenly ... boom ! they explode ! but data be undaunted ! he scream . : data optional bully buster ! data open he coat and pull another cord ! several row of flash cube be attach to data 's coat ! they begin to flash ! at first they be effective , but soon fizzle out because of data 's contact with the water ! data 's eye be raging ! he begin to pull every cord on he bedy ! one by one , each of he home make device be trip . but ala , as always , they do not work ! Green smoke , mean to be use as a smoke screen , slowly billow out of data 's clothing . GI joe toy pop out of he shirt and pocket , fire plastic projectile that only travel a few inch before hit the floor . countless ball bearing shoot out of he pant leg and cuff . there be bottle rocket , sparkler , firecracker ... everything shoot from data 's body ! but continued 166 ( cont would ) 167 116 rev : 10-14-84 nothing work ! data 's pody be a literal explosion of junk ! 166 the fratellis watch , both amaze and amused by what be go on . , jake this kid 's better than fourth of July in . asbury Park ! finally , data hit the " out " button on he belt buckle . the belt buckle flip open ! the suction cup projectile shoot forward ! it attaches itself to mama 's gun ! data hit the " in " switch on he belt , try to reel in the '' but mama hold tight ! the powerful ' suction cup pull data toward mama ! data stare in shock as he and mama collide ! this cause a electrical shock which send the two of they fly across the room ! mama also drop she .gun ! data get to he foot . he and the frighten goony run out of the room ! Jake ' and Francis revive mama and follow ! in hot pursuit ! int . top deck 167 the kid run across the top deck . the fratellis be right behind they ! bigger ! faster ! they manage ' to tackle the kid ! they surround the goony . sword point at the . kid ' throat . mama glare at the kid . mama up ! up on yer foot ! the kid stand . mama now go on !!! empty out all that goody from downstairs ! move it ! the kid lift they shirt and begin to empty the jewel onto the deck . rubies , diamond , emerald roll out onto the deck . mama stare at the treasure . her eye fill with greed . then mama go over to mouth . she look at he as if something be not quite right with he . mama you get awful quiet all of a sudden . mouth just smile , keep he mouth close . mama c'mon chum - open you yap !! - mouth reluctantly open he mouth and a truckload of gem spill out . not satisfied , mama see something on mouth 's tongue , reach in and puil out about three foot of bead pearl . continued 168 & 169 170 117 omit . 168 . & omit — . : : 169 pirate ship = top deck : 170 ' the goony be tie up . they stand in line , at the edge of the deck . mama walk to a wooden plank . built onto the ship 's edge . she turn and look at the kid . . mama ya ' wanna play pirate ?. ( sadistic smile ) we will play pirate . mama push out the plank . a long thick board . it extend far over the edge of the ship . it overlook the deep - section of water . mama walk back to the kid . she pace in front of the kid . she look they over , decide who 's first ! mama look at Andy . Andy give a hard kick to mama 's shin . mama double over . Andy snap . andy you gross old witch ! mama look up . eye glow with rage . she move the tip of she sword to Andy 's throat . mama growl . _ mama move it , sweetie . Andy step out . mama poke she with the sword . Andy walk to the plank . the kid watch . horrify . Andy step onto the plank . mama stay behind . jabbing Andy with the sword . Andy begin to walk the plank . the other kid watch . helpless . mikey 's eye fill with tear . Andy continue to walk . only a féw foot from the end of the _ board . she look down . the deep water sparkles below . Andy give a frighten guip . mama wis a few foot behind she . resembling an old pirate witch . mama give a mad cackle . . - mama hold you breath , sweetie . mama jab Andy . Andy fall off the plank . she hit the water ! a loud splash ! brand cry out ! brand no !!! continued cs 170 ( cont would ) 171 172 118 brand dash forward . out of line . 170 mikey brand ! before the fratelli brother can stop ... brand leap over the side of the ship ! we hear a splash ! brand sink . under the deep water . mikey hide he eye . scare . tremble . mama turn to the kid . she give a vicious smile . mama . two down . who 's next . underwater . 171 andy sink to the bottom of the deep pool . hand tie behind she back . Andy hold she breath . cheek puffed . with air . brand float downward . a few foot above Andy . he struggle with the rope bind he hand . with a few twist of he wrist , brand 's hand come free . he swim toward Andy . he grab Andy . her eye be waver . nearly unconscious . brand put he arm around Andy . holding tight . he swim upward . use all of he strength ! '' brand swim toward the surface and pull Andy onto a rock next to the ship . ext . rock ( next to pirate ship ) . 172 brand lean over the unconscious Andy . give she mouth to mouth . Andy suddenly wake . she sit up . cough . ' brand hold she . comfort she . she compose herself . give a puzzle look to brand . andy where be ... oh ... — ( suddenly rémember ) you jump in ?... to save I ? brand give a modest nod . Andy throw she arm around brand . plant a long ; hard kiss on he lip . a few moment pass . Andy break the kiss . she withdraw she lip . a' puzzle expression cover she face . she reach into brand 's mouth and seem to be feel for something . puzzle , she withdraw she finger , look at brand . andy what happen to you brace ... rand I do not wear brace ... mikey wear ... continued 172 { cont would ) 173 174 119 she suddenly understand . 172 they both stop and look at each other . andy oh God ! cur to : top deck 173 mouth and stef have be tie together . back to back . they be walk the plank . a few inch from the end . mama stand behind they , jabbing they with the sword . edging they forward . stef look back to mouth . a honest , serious expression in she eye . stef how long can you hold you . breath ? mouth a hour . . stef be serious now !!! mouth actually .... about ten second . you be always Champion of that ' underwater stuff . stef Clarke ?... when you run out of air , just turn you face to I and I will share whatever I have get leave . : mouth look at stef , he be s6 touch by this , he cannot speak for the first time in he life . : mama jab mouth and stef . they go off the edge . suddenly , a loud pirate scream pierce the air ! everyone turn . to the direction of the scream . sloth : 174 _ swing down from the ship 's mast . he be dress in bright pirate clothing . a sword be strapped to he waist . sloth emit another loud scream . before mouth and stef hit the water , sloth scoops they up ! save they life ! carry mouth and stef under he arm , sloth swing back onto the deck . he safely place mouth and stef beside the other kid . sloth turn to mama and the boy . sloth growl . he continued a ) ce a , 174 ( cont would ) 120 rev : 10-14-84 flexe he muscle . his shirt begin to rip . tear. 174 muscle bulg . for the first time , we see that sloth have a incredible , muscular body ! he have transformed from a grotesque creature into a virtual superhero ! stef stare at sloth . awestruck . 's stef hunk city ! with everyone 's attention focus on sloth , chunk sneakily climb over the ship 's side . his tear and tatter clothes have now take on the appearance of a pirate costume . chunk sneak up behind the kid . they be shocked to see he . brand chunk ?!?... . chunk " Captain " chunk ! chunk begin to untie the kid 's hand . meanwhile , mama point to sloth . she snap at Francis and Jake . mama get he ! the two come : at sloth . they sword be extenede . ready - for a fight . Francis swing he sword at sloth . sloth . duck . he pick up Francis , lift he above he head . sloth throw he brother through the air . Francis fly inside of the ship 's figurehead ! Francis 's head break through the woman figure 's head . this create a bizarre image : the shapely body of the figurehead , adorn with the head of the unconscious Francis . chunk still unty the kid .. mikey work with he . speed up the procéss . sloth continue he swordfight with Jake . sloth fight z like the expert Pirates he 's see on tv . - data pincher of peril !!! data fire he clap tooth . the tooth clamp down on Jake 's crotch ... double he over ! sloth grab the sword from Jake 's hand and break it in two . sloth throw a hard punch to Jake 's jaw ! the powerful punch send Jake fly across the deck floor ! he skid into a pyramid of cannonballs ! konk ! he 's out cold ! chunk have untied all of the kid ! they run to the side of the ship ! 175 121 beneath they , Andy and brand wade in the water . brand 175 shout to he friend . brand c'mon ! jump ! the. kid jump over the side , into the water ! meanwhile , mama find herself face to face with sloth . sloth growl at she . mama hold she sword . try to reason with sloth . : mama okay ... so maybe i. treat ya ' bad ... keepin ' ya ' lock in that room ... it be for you own good . . sloth give a louder growl . he walk toward mama . ready to attack . mama plead . frightened . mama : I be not always be bad to ya ' ... do not ya ' remember ? when you be a little one ? I would sing ya ' to sleep ? sloth grab the sword from mama . he throw it overboard . he pick up mama in he arm ... ready to throw . she overboard ... she begin to sing . mama " rockabye baby , in the treetop ... when the wind blow , the cradle will rock .... " : he pause . listen . the song be warm , comforting . it bring a pleasant smile to he face . he begin to gently rock mama in he arm . she gcontinue to sing . mama " when the bow break , the cradle will fall ... " : . sloth smile . he drop mama overboard ! as she fall , sloth sing the final verse . sloth " , , .and down will come baby , cradle and all !... mama hit the water ! meanwhile , the kid be all in the water . they have begin they escape , swim to the shore . sloth jump into the water . he swing toward the kid . when sloth make it to the kid , chunk introduce im . continued 175 ( cont would ) 176 177 178 122 , chunk . 175 guy ... this be sloth . he 's just like we . a reject . aboard the pirate ship . _ 176 mama climb back onto the deck . soaking wet . she see the kid swim away . her eye be angry , frustrated . but they be something more important on she mind . she run to Jake . he still lie beside the cannonball pile . daze . mama slap he . he stir . mama wake up ! get Francis ! let 's go get the rest of the goods ! int . treasure cabin . 177 mama , Jake and Francis enter . they greedily begin to stuff they pocket with the treasure . mama walk to where one eyed willy be seat . she reach for the pile of treasure in front of one Eye willy . mama grab the pile . but it be attach to a long , metal chain ! mama pull hard on the chain ! this begin another of one eyed willy 's chain reaction booby trap . one eyed willy 's skeleton shoot upward , toward the ceiling ! a trap door in the ceiling open ! mama and the boy watch in shock ! top deck 178 one eyed willy 's skeleton fly through the trap door on the Captain 's deck . he land directly in front of the ship 's steering wheel . in rfbe goldberg fashion , the trap door hit a cannonball , which roll along a path in the ship 's deck , which be connect to a long section of wood that stretch to the cavern ceiling , the wood be connect to the ceiling 's support system . the cannonball hit the section of wood , cause the wood to snap , cause the entire sipport system to become undone .... the entire cavern begin to shudder . rumble . the pirate ship tilt . shake . the sail buckle . the ship 's anchor raise . : 179 180 181 the goonies . 179 and sloth have wade to the shore . they quickly haul out of the boat . dash to the cavern entrance . : the entire cavern begin to shake . like a earthquake , the ground begin to break . open . the wall begin to crack . crumble . piece of rock begin to fall . crash to the ground . mama and the boy . 180 have run onto the top of the tilting ship deck ! running for they life . but they tumble and roll across the deck . they fall off the tremble ship . into the water ! the goonies : 181 arrive at the Cavern entrance . boulder and earth fall in front of the entrance . cause it to collapse . sloth move forward . not unlike sampson , sloth hold out he mighty arm . he grab each side of the cavern wall . holding they in place . he support the crumble ceiling with he strong back . this keep the passageway open . sloth motion for the kid to hurry inside . the kid crawl through he leg . out of the cavern ! rock and boulder fall all around sloth . but he do not budge . do not flinch . al ) of the kid have crawle to safety . chunk be the last to join they . sloth turn . ready to join the kid . but something catch he eye . he see mama and he brother . in the water . struggle for they life . chunk hold out he hand to sloth . . - chunk sloth ! c'mon ! take my hand ! sloth shake he head . he turn and give a innocent hiss to chunk 's cheek . sloth release he grip on the wall : and ceiling . ' he step . back out into the cavern . chunk cry out . - - chunk sloth ! no !... a avalanche of fall earth seal the cavern entrance ! form a permanent wall between chunk and sloth ! 124 182 int . pirate ship cavern : 182 the entire cavern be be devastate . the sail fill with wind . the pirate ship begin to move , with one eyed willy at the wheel . . sloth swim to mama and the boy . he wrap he enormous arm around they . save they life ! they look up see the pirate ship shaking in front of they . : 183 int . escape tunnel 183 the goony be trap in a dark , rumbling , shaking ' passageway . both sides.of the passageway have begin to cave in ! close in on the trap goony ! brand scream . brand data ! we need one a you light !!! data fumble in he backpack for a light . he reach back for the last road flare . but , unbeknownst to data , he have not grabbed a road flare ... it 's the stick of dynamite ! data light the stick ! it SPARKS , illuminate the passageway ! the goony look around ! they see the crumbling dirt coming at they from both side ! there , be no way we ! suddenly , data notice something strange about the flare ... data hey ... this be not a road flare ... it 's ... it 's .. ( total shock ) dynamite ! !! the kide turn and run !! data run in circle , try to find a place for the sparking dynamite ! he sees a crack in the wall , emit a SMALL amount of light ! data insert the dynamite into the crack ! data run to he friend ! - they cluster together ! ear plugged ! eye close ! * | boom !!! '' the dynamite rock the already quivering '' passageway ! a few moment pass . the kid OPEN they eye through the smoke ! the dynamite have blown a large hole into the wall ! a open ! leading to the outside world ! : the excite goony run toward the hole ! they exit , ~ : second before the passageway collapse ! 184 ext . escape tunnel - dawn 184 the goony stand in a small , rocky alcove . the stretch of ocean be in front of they . continued ag 184a 185 187 188 189 125 the heavy rumbling become a muffle echo in the background . one eyed 's willy 's cavern and passageway be be sealed forever ! the goonies pause to breathe in the fresh sea air ! they body be scratch and bruise , cover with mud ' and dirt . they clothes be in tatters , hang like rag . they have go through a visual transformation from goon kid to courageous adventurer . : ext . beach - day a national park ranger slam on he dune buggy brake , squint curiously inte the distance , now raise he binocular to get a better look . his jaw drop as he reach for he radip . ranger . ( into radio ) harvey ?.... get the sheriff on . . the horn ... I think it just find '' . that bunch of goober 's he 's be a look for ... doomee . - ext . ranger station and beach - day the Ranger Station parking lot be packed , sheriff' car . ambulance . local PRESS . parent and onlooker . the goony emerge from the Ranger Station as the crowd cheer andthe parent rush forward to meet they kid . closer angle irene rush up to mikey and brand . mr. walsh and rosalita can be see farther back in the crowd . mikey look at up at irene with embarrassed eye . : : mikey hi , mom . guess we be dead meat , huh ? ' irene can not hide she . smile , or the happy tear in she eye . she wrap her arm around mikey and brand , embrace they tightly . . . omit another angle chunk run to a obese man and woman . his parent . the man be dress exactlt like chunk . Hawaiian shirt . plaid bermuda short . Black knee sock . the woman wear a flowered dress , hold a cardboard BOX cover with tin foil . chunk embrace he parent . 190 191 126 " rev : 1-11-85 mom : lawrence ! we be so worried ! ( hold out proudly ) here , darling ... I wrap supper for you . it 's you favorite ... mom give the foil - wrap carton to chunk . he grab it excitedly , rip the foil away - hot dog ! load with everything ! . . camera pan to : mouth and stef . mouth look at stef. a serious , honest look on he face . he speak in he own voice . . mouth just want to say ... well , thanks . ya ' know ... for savin 's I and all . I really appreciate it . stef ( shocked ) : wow !... a real moment . you know , you voice be nice , when you be not use you mouth . mouth . you know ... you face be pretty , when you blur you eye . camera pan to andy and mikey watching . smiling . Andy turn to mikey , a warm smile on she ace . andy mikey ... you just keep kissin ' girl the way you do ... and the part a you that do not work so good ... be gonna catch up with the part that do : '' brand walk up . he put he arm around Andy . they walk away together . camera following . brand give Andy a impressed ook . : : brand Lifetime goonie ? andy you bet you sweet ass . sey 127 rev : 1-11-85 * she grab brand and kiss he . mikey stand a few foot away vont watching . alone . jealous . he begin to cough . he remove he 192 193 primotene mist . ready to take a shot . he pause , look at the breathalizer , then toss it on the ground . who need it ? through the crowd , Mr. walsh have notice , smile proudly . suddenly , everyone be interrupted . a group of policemen rush _ to the shore ? angle on sloth sloth walk out of the ocean : dragging * the waterlogged mama , jake , and francis . the police quickly take mama and the boy into custody . chunk 's eye light up , see sloth . he run to he , hold out he carton of hot dog . ~ . chunk sloth ! sloth : sloth give a happy grunt , glad to see he friend . he pick up chunk , who offer he the carton . chunk look ! hot dog ! sloth ( sing happily with instant recognition ) hot dog , armour hot dog .... sloth devour a giant hot dog in a single gulp as chunk 's parent watch in horrified awe . crunk ( shyly ) he 's my new best friend .... and ih dad ? if they take away we house op and we have to move to . New York ... I think maybe we could adopt he ... get he a job with the New York jet ... or with the ranger as head goalie ... sloth destroy another het dog , belches volcanically as chunk 's Parents exchange a paralyzed look . omit 128 rev : 1-11-85 {99 another angle mama and the boy be handcuffed , then put into the back of a police van . camera pan as : ' , mr . perkin : and troy suddenly pull up in a white cadillac convertible , screech to a stop : they get out quickly , approach Mr. walsh , who stand at the edge of the crowd with mikey . mx. Perkins advance agressively , wave a piece of paper . perkin today 's the day , walsh , so let 's get this over with : you house be block the start of we new first fairway , so I have decide to begin the demoliton with you ... . walsh | if ...4 if you could just hold off for a bit , Mr. Perkins ...maybe ... maybe I could find ... troy oh , come on , old man . my daddy do not have all day ! there 's fifty more house to destroy after yours : : perkin ( yell off ) sheriff ! you come on over here and witness this ... . Mr. walsh nervously take out he primotene mist , then look down at mikey whe stare back up , tear in he eye . - mikey . I be sorry , dad ... we have we hand on the future , but ... ws ( he lower lip start to quiver ) we blow it ... we throw it all away to save out life . ' Mr. walsh fight to hold back a tear . walsh you and brand be back . safe . with you mother and I ... ( grit he tooth , throws away the primotene mist ) that make we the richest people in cauldron Point . 210 sll 129 rev : 1-11-85 perkin . walsh ? they turn . Mr. Perkins grin cruelly . ' perkin you be jook at the richest people in cau dron Point . now sign it . Troy prop the paper up against he father 's back for signature , whip out a pen with a sicken smile . troy here . use my pen . I will even let you keep it as @ souvenir . Mr. walsh try to steady himself , tremble , look off : angle on goonie crowd the crowd be hushed as the rest of the goonies and they parent turn to watch helplessly . bagk to scene a Mr. walsh slwoly take the pen from Troy , lift a unsteady arm , staras at the paper , eye mist over . he start to sign as the sheriff take a sympathetic step forward , stop he . sheriff now listen up , Mr. Perkins . maybe this be not the proper time or place to ... perkin I be not interested in you ethical opinion , sheriff . just you signature as awitness . if you would be do you duty , if you would be on the ball - you would have find my son 's car by now , be not that right ? sheriff ( spit in disgust ) oh , hell ... ( suddenly look off ) I already find you son 's damn caleeee : troy ( ecite ) you do ? where be it ? 212 213° 2146 sheriff ( point ) . just about to run you over , Troy ... Mr. walsh grit he tooth , oblivious to everything . he begin to sign as Perkins turn , and the signature be write across the back of he jacket ! angle on gorillas and red mustang - there Pov the red mustang careen into the parking lot at high speed , the gorillas behind the wheel ! it head straight for the crowd , spin out at the last second , squealing sideways , crashing into the side of mr . perkin ' white cadillac ! : troy daddy ! you new cari : the gorilla scream back at Troy with equal excitment , cover they eye . bonzo whip the car into reverse , roar off through the crowd as bystander dive for safety : angle on crowd one entire side of the white cadillac be cave in ! the stunne crowd suddenly burst into cherring , applause , and laughter : perkin ( purple with rage ) do not you people laugh at I ! / no one ever laugh at I : the laughter grow louder ! even Mr. walsh and mikey start to join in . angle on edge of crowd sloth watch from the rear edge of the crowd . to one side of he be chunk . to the other , rosalita . they all laugh heartily with everyone else as suddenly : sloth's expression begins to change :: his eye roll . he begin to cough , feel curious rumblings in he stomach . the crowd 's laughter continue as he pound himself in the chest , try to clear he massive airway as : a gleaming object eject itself from he mouth !: 217 218 angle on rosalita the object hit the ground at rosalita 's feet . she look down curiously , then pick it up , eye widening with surprise . it be a huge , sparkling diamond ! back to sloth sloth be doubled over now , inner explosion wrack he huge body . a concerned chunk rush over to he . . chunk sloth ! sloth ... ( try to yell over crowd 's laughter ) somebody get a giant bromo , quick ! sloth straighten up , look at he friend , then grins , he -° mouth fall open : : it be filled with jewel from the pirate ship !? back to rosalita seeing . realizing . holding the diamond up high , she start to make she way through the boisterous crowd . back to perkin the furious Perkins slam the paper down on what 's leave of the hood . of he car , turn on Mr. walsh . the crowd 's laughter be beginning to subside . perkin : have you fun , walsh ? well , that 's . okay . I have get the -rest of my life * to laugh at you ... Troy hold out the pen . the crowd quiet as Mr. walsh exchange - a sad look with mikey , then take it , reluctantly lean over 219 the hood of the car . " angle on data data stand with he parent , he eye glass over . he look off at mouth who stand with stef nearby . data ( a whisper ) I sure be gonna miss bein 's a goonie ... sarin eu : a ood agaim ? rosalita 223 224 225 226 227 133 rev : 1-11-85 * angle on chunk as everyone turn . chunk raise he cupped hand , now open they : ' close on chunk! S hand filled with gemstone ! sparkle diamond ! gloricus - rubies ! Bright emerald ! back to scene sloth belches . three more jewel be eject from he — mouth ! the crowd cheer as the goonies rush to sloth , swarm over he like mountain climber , jewel erupting from he mouth as they pummel he like a huge vend machine . several reporter rush up snapping picture , pepper the goony with question . sheriff ( newly arrive , at chunk ) .- tellin ' more storey , lawrence chunk . wait ... this time I be tellin’ the truth , sheriff , honest ! : the sheriff smile patronizingly , turn , start to walk away . he sees something in the distance , stop , thunderstruck !! sheriff Holy Mary mother of God ... , {jaw drop ) C + look ! ! ce everyone turn to look with audible gasp , as we see : angle on pirate ship - there Pov the pirate ship , sailing across the ocean . a magical sight . camera pan the face of everyone on shore . policemen . the sheriff . sloth . irene . mr. walsh . the goonies . stare in awe . angle on mikey the back of mikey' head . he turn slowly to face the audience , wearing the black patch of one eyed willy . mikey wink at all of we with a warm smile . wacenttle eh eo e 13 rev ; i-ll -8500oc — = <“ < i‘ < 2 2 +2c«sf 228 back to pirate ship farther away in the distance now . a graceful , romantic dot against the beautiful horizon . as we : ° fade out : the end '' in t pf ) bas