the wedding Singer rewrite by : carrie Fisher ie co 6u September 19 , 1996 wedding singer draft revised 9/19/96 OPEN on : " rock lobster '' , play over black . reveal robbie hart play at a pack wedding reception as credit roll . after all the dance and credit , the song end , the audience applaud . robbie and now the best man be go to say a few word . we hear polite applause . the follow be superimposed at the bottom of the screen : february 7th , 1985 . int . reception hall - day - cont . action as the camera pan inside , we see well - dress man , woman and child ( dress 1985 ) seat in group at big round table . we hear another voice . guy um , when greg ask I to be he best man , I , uh , I mean I say yes right away , but I be kind of nervous ... the toast go on and on . we pan past a bored bartender , a photographer snap picture , various guest start to lose interest , the guy at the microphone ... guy ... I mean , greg 's my brother , man . he 's really be there for I , I mean when it be in rehab , when I have that problem with my car ... when I get the baby-sitter pregnant ... ... a goofy uncle with a video camera , guest kick each other under the table , bridesmaid roll they eye and the bride , look distress . finally , as the toast reach a sort of crescendo of pointlessness , the camera come to rest on the GROOM , he eye narrow in dull hate . the groom stand up , and the camera follow he across the floor as he walk over to the bandstand . there stand patiently , smile , be the wedding singer , robbie hart . ( continued ) continued : guy ( 0.c . ) ++- I get a lot of feeling inside I , man , and greg be the only one , the only one to say , " hey , fuck everyone else . you get to let that feeling out or you head 's gonna explode ... " the groom lean over and whisper in Robbie 's ear . Robbie nod . guy I mean I be a person too dad ! God damn it , I be a person too ! he grab a glass of water and then he mic . Robbie cut off the guy in mid-toast . robbie ( very up ) and a great person you be . the best man , everyone ! salud ! Robbie raise he glass and everyone in the thankful crowd follow suit . the tension be break . robbie Love be really a miracle when you think about it . here be two people that be bear apart , raise and educate apart and then through some extra-terrestrial , or voodoo or something find one another and make that major vow to remain together . and here we all be to basically gawk at the courage and ... and ... faith it take to make this vow to stay together forever . the bride and GROOM sigh with relief , the entire room fill with the warmth generate by Robbie 's love inspiring speech . robbie and I want you to know that even if you only stay together for forty or fifty year , I will still be incredibly impressed . but the way you two look at each other and smile at each other , I get a feel a thousand year would not be enough for you . cheer . ( continued ) continued : Robbie cue the band , they start thumping out a tune . a guy name timmy be on bass , a guy name jimmy be play drum , and a young woman in a billowy yellow dress name erica , wear at least three scarve , be wail away on guitar . robbie now , on behalf of Mr. and Mrs. harold fonda , I would like to ask everyone to get on the dance floor and - celebrate ! ( sing ) cel-e-brate good time - come on !... as Robbie continue sing Kool and the gang 's " celebration " , we pan to a door , just to the leave of the stage . julia sullivan , a young waitress , come blast through it , two plate of prime rib in each hand . lawrence , aka Dr. limo the limo driver , Robbie 's best friend sidle over to phil , the photographer . lawrence point to Robbie . lawrence . the maestro do it again . he have a incredible instinct for the quick save in a human drama . phil maybe he should be take psychology instead of you . lawrence interesting point . but I would like to change the subject now to that waitress over there and she great body . phil she must be new . lawrence brand spanking new . phil i'm sure she would appreciate you talk about she like she 's a car . Julia precariously navigate she way through the crowd , finally arrive at the furthest table . julia okay , who want the prime rib ? everyone just stare at she . ( continued } continued : julia nobody want prime rib ? everyone shake they head . julia this table be all fish . everyone nod . julia be right back . Julia start make she way back to the kitchen with the four plate . Robbie finish up he song . applause . robbie ( genuinely enjoy himself ) well , all right ! hey , you guy dance nice . you know something , folk , I be get marry myself next Saturday ... applause . robbie hey , thanks . so , I just want to say that I hope that my wedding will be as special as harold and Claudia 's . applause and " awwwww 's " . robbie I really do mean that . one ! two ! Three ! four ! the band launch into " everlasting Love " . int . reception hall kitchen ~- day Julia yell over to the chef . julia four fish ! Julia 's cousin holly , who be also a waitress , come over . even though Holly 's wear the same uniform that Julia be , she wear it a lot more " va-va-va-voomishly '' . holly how 's you first night go , cuz ? ( continued ) continued : julia you remember mondale against regan ? holly do not worry , once we get the entree serve , it 's all downhill . coffee and cake be a breeze ... Holly notice that Julia be near tear . holly oh , Julia , it 's really not so bad . you just say '' regular or decaf " ... julia it 's not that , Holly . Glen have not call I in a couple of day and with my track record I be mondale . it 's over . holly only you could be this pretty and manage to find guy that treat you badly . I mean , just because dip shit have not call do not mean he 's end it with you . besides , let 's say he do , it 's not the end of the world . everybody 's be dumped . look at I . julia not by dozen of man . holly you have not be dumped by dozen of man . julia one , Brian . go to jail for embezzlement . two , bob. Said I do not love he because I would not get fake implant . Three , scott. say he dumped I because he do not want to be . monogamous , but it turn out he be gay . holly ( ruefully ) have you ever think of try out one of that computer dating service ? julia five , Danny . after ten month he say I look too much like he sister . and now it look like Glen be number six . two year of my life waste ... ( continued ) continued : the chef roughly slide four plate in Julia 's direction . chef four fish ! as Julia struggle to pick up the plate , she speak softly to Holly . julia I think I and Glen have something special . then again , I think I have something special with all that guy , except maybe Scott . I be just so sick of be somebody 's latest girlfriend , you know ? I be ready for something more than that . my mother think I should have be marry at least two year ago . she think I be go to end up by myself watch re-run of " rhoda " with my nineteen cat . int . reception hall - day Robbie finish up " everlasting Love '' . applause . robbie thank you ! that be " everlasting Love , '' a special dedication to the bride from Eddie Davis ... CUT to the GROOM give the bride a suspicious look robbie we be gonna lay a little change of pace on you right now . we guitarist , erica lamonsoff , be gonna sing a original song of hers call " Moon child " . take it away , erica ! as Robbie bound off the stage , erica step up to the mic and begin sing a horrible , stevie nicks-ish " original " . erica ( sing ) druid dancing ' neath the star , no more famine , no more war ... Robbie be walk towards the men' room when someone grab he arm , stop he in he track . ( continued ) continued : alec hey , Robbie , remember I ? I go to high school with you . robbie yeah , I do . no , I do not . I mean maybe . I mean ... do I ? alec ah , you probably do not . I be two year young than you , I graduate in ° 81 . but I be a huge fan of the band , man . you guy rock ! remember when you play at homecome and the cop come ? robbie ( smile at the memory ) yeah , that night get a little outta hand . alec what happen to you guy ? you be the best local band I ever hear . I think you would be touring stadium by now . yeah , you be my inspiration man . I mean , I be a accountant all now , but I sometimes play gig on Saturday night at the 119 . maybe you could come hear we sometime . robbie sure , call I I be in the book . you should really get you stuff out there man . you be really hot . robbie well , we kind of drift into this wedding stuff . but it 's a lot of fun , I really like it . alec that 's cool . hey , you still go out with Linda lerner ? robbie I be marrying she next week . alec congratulation , man ! that 's great . robbie ( meaning it ) yeah . that be great . ( continued ) continued : alec hey , remember that song " blood of the goat " you use to do ? that be great . do you still write stuff like that ? Robbie look around , kind of embarrassed . robbie well , I be concentrate on write some more serious stuff . you know , like , meaningful ... in the background , erica screech out the chorus . her song be neither meaningful nor good . robbie I do not write this one . alec you must be a good writer though . you could probably write a song and sell it to a huge band like foreigner or something . robbie maybe someday . the song I write now be not really ... polished ... Robbie trail off as he see a teenager across the room , cling on to the wall for dear life . robbie Excuse I for a second . Robbie walk across the room to the teenager , who be drunk . robbie you all right , man ? teenager ( far go ) huh ...? robbie you have to throw up ? teenager yes , please .? int . reception hall kitchen - day Robbie , he arm prop up the teenager , guide he through the kitchen . {continued } continued : robbie code Red ! code Red ! everyone get out of they way . ext . back doorway - day the back entrance to the reception hall be a batter screen door at the top of stone step , surround by dumpster . Julia be sit on the top step , take a cigarette break , the sound of the reception mute in the distance . another sound , that of rush footstep , can be faintly hear , but get louder and louder until ... Robbie rush through the door with the teenager , blow past Julia . he stick the teenager 's head into one of the dumpster ; the teenager start to retch . Julia and Robbie make eye contact . boing . for a few second , the only sound be the teenager 's retching . then ... julia friend of yours ? robbie I ? no . I just see what be about to happen . I could not let he do this in front of he friend and / or family . you know , the sound of vomit do not tend to enhance any party , particularly a wedding . Julia smile . julia well , I be glad I get to hear it . the teenager finish retching . Robbie pull he head out of the dumpster . robbie so be you ever go to drink again , kid ? teenager no , man , never . the teenager stagger back inside . ( continued ) continued : 10 . robbie ( shouting after he ) good . remember , alcohol equal puke equal smelly mess equal nobody like you ... equal drive under the influence equal drunk tank equal rehab equal Ray milland in lose weekend equal liver transplant equal do you really want to completely destroy you life ? the teenager 's go . Robbie and Julia be alone . julia you be the wedding singer , be not you ? robbie yep . julia I be work you wedding next week . robbie oh , that 's nice . julia you must be excited . robbie very excited definitely . julia everything 's go great for you , be not it ? robbie yeah , I guess it be . '' julia could you do I a favor ? robbie what 's that ? julia cut my head off . robbie well , if I do can I keep it ? Cause it 's a nice head , with nice hair . why , what 's wrong ? ( continued ) continued : suddenly , 11 . julia I just move to this crummy town to be closer to my boyfriend , and now I think he 's dumped I . robbie oh , I be sorry , but hey , he be not the right one then . the right one for you must still be out there . julia the " right one for I " must have skip over I and settle for a college grad with a good job that come from a wealthy family . I be doom to wander the earth , alone , forever ... robbie like the incredible hulk ? julia yeah . only not help people . robbie I see you in there help people , give they fish and coffee and fork . c'mon people can not eat without fork , just like people can not live without real love . and for that you will need you head . julia ( laugh ) and once you have get a head you need silverware , especially fork . robbie ( laugh ) what do that mean ? julia ( laugh ) I do not know , you lose I back at the " hulk " . erica be run down the hallway . erica Robbie ! we be on ! erica grab Robbie and start drag he away . {continued } 12 . continued : julia well , if I have to serve fish at least I get to hear you sing . Julia walk he to the stage . there be applause for a song . julia get up there and be great , wedding singer . and if by some miracle I ever get marry , I want you to sing at my wedding . Robbie 's touch . robbie it 's a deal ! CUT to : int . reception hall - day Jimmy and timmy be already on stage , vamp . Robbie and erica walk quickly toward they . halfway there , Robbie see something : the bride and Groom , hide from general view , have a heat discussion . GROOM why do Eddie Davis dedicate that song to you ? bride I have no idea ! it must be some kind of crazy fantasy of he ! GROOM all fantasy have a basis in reality ! hear this , Robbie suddenly make a detour to talk to the best man . robbie what 's they song ? guy what ? robbie they song ! the song that they fall in love to ! ( continued ) 13 . continued : guy oh . I think it 's that " wham " song . robbie '' wake I up before you go - go " ? guy no , the other one . Robbie bound up on stage , and whisper something to the band . they stop play for second , then start play a different , slower melody . robbie we be back , folk . all right ! we be go to start you off with a very special dedication to the bride and groom from each other ... the bride and Groom stop argue and look up . robbie ( sing ) time can never mend , the careless whisper , of a good friend ... the Groom take he bride 's hand in he . robbie ( sing ) +.- to the heart and mind , ignorance be kind , there's no comfort in the truth , pain be the hole you find ... the Groom whisk he bride onto the dance floor . the guest applaud . robbie ( sing ) ..- and i'm never gonna dance again , ... Julia , watch the whole thing from the door , be enchant . fade to : int . quaint two story house - day Robbie be play the piano while teach a sing lesson to a 70 year old woman name rosie . ( continued ) continued : 14 . rosie ( continue , quivering voice ) longing to tell you , but afraid and shy i'd let my golden chance pass I by ... robbie nstop play ) really good , really . rosie you think so . keep in mind this be for my 50th wedding anniversary so it have to be special . robbie I know rosie , I know . fifty year to the same person , what 's you secret ? rosie the secret be no matter how mad you get at you spouse you can not leave . robbie that 's it ? rosie that 's a big one Robert . robbie please , Robbie . rosie Cause at some point people really can grive you crazy , but if you stay till after that , it really get good . robbie ( excited ) really ? rosie really ... and then it get bad again . but after awhile it 's no big deal . acceptance that 's the whole trick when people drive you crazy . I mean they can really irritate you , believe I . they sometimes just hang around , they have smell that be not pleasant , nothing 's good enough ... robbie you do remember I be get marry tomorrow . ( continued ) — _—_— str twa ww 7 - eee 15 , continued : rosie sure I do . I be come you silly boy . you must be very happy . I be so thrilled 1 get a rash . robbie excite be not even the word for it . this be the culmination of all my dream . I mean , I guess alot of people say that . but for I ... well one day I hope to be sing , " if I love you , " at my 50th wedding anniversary with Linda . rosie you be a dear boy ... now I will go get you meatball . she go to the kitchen and bring out a cover dish . Robbie look at it in disguise horror . he be however , as usual , extremely polite . robbie oh no rosie that be not necessary really . rosie come , come ... you must eat they to be strong for tomorrow . robbie rosie , I really have to ... rosie ( interrupt ) open the hanger ... in the mouth they go ... chewy airplane , spicy , spicy meatball . robbie rosie , I really do not think ... what about gas ? shove the spoon at Robbie . robbie but ... I will never fit in my tux . rosie no if and or butt about it young man , you be go to eat this food just like always . or I will really give you gas . Robbie eat he first bite . it 's horrible , he pretend to love it . ( continued ) 16 . continued : robbie mmmm ... terrific ... rosie be not it wonderful . that 's the tripe and the sour cream I think . there be a knock at the door . Robbie look relieved . rosie ( crossing to door ) who could that be ? she open the door . it 's Jimmy , timmy , and the limo driver , lawrence . lawrence sorry to interrupt ... robbie not at all . we be just finish ... rosie would you young man care for some meatball ? . lawrence almost say yes until he see Robbie 's face . lawrence no , no thank you . we come to take Robbie to he bachelor party . robbie really ? what a shame . well , gotta go rosie . see you on Thursday . rosie you sure you do not want to take the food with you ? lawrence no thanks , Mrs. rosenberg .. it 's cater . you know , beer and nut . well , we be go to be late . bye bye ... rosie bye ! you groovy groomba ! robbie bye ! 17 . ext . rosie' house - twilight the boy have exite the house . now Robbie stop they . a black stretch limo , with jimmy and timmy in the back , be park in the driveway . robbie hey man , thanks for the think , but I tell you I be not go to any bachelor party tonight Linda would be really upset if I do that . lawrence well I will be really upset if you do not . robbie all a bachelor party can do for I be negative . there be no positive it can bring I . lawrence well it can positively get a stripper to bring I a boner . so get in the God damned car and let we have some fun . he grab Robbie and forcibly throw he into the limo . it immediately speed away . ext . seedy bar - night - later Robbie leave he bachelor party in full swing . as he open the door in the background we can see lawrence on all four , get spanke by a fat , older stripper . he be moan way too much . his other friend be drink and dance with stripper in the background . Robbie close the door on this scene and head up the block to ... ext . linda' house - night - a short time later Robbie saunter up the sidewalk , eager to see he bride . Music can be hear comming from the house . Robbie cross to the front door and knock . Linda open the door in she wedding dress . linda what be you do here ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : robbie hi. man , you look unbelievable . linda ( interrupt ) do not you know that it 's illegal to see the bride the night before the wedding . robbie I think you mean bad luck and I think it 's the wedding day not the day bef .... linda ( interrupt ) do not tell I what I mean . I know the bride rule and you know the groom stuff okay ? robbie sweetie , the good luck stuff have already happen ... we be get marry , right ? no bad luck can get we now . linda I do not care what you think at this particular moment . I have think about you enough to the point of marrying you . be not that enough ? Jesus , you be a bottomless pit ... I do not want to take any risk . so , if you do not mind , go away . good night . close the door . Robbie stop the door from close . he look stricken . linda look , I be sorry I be on edge . this bad luck stuff make I nervous , okay ? robbie Linda , usually the bride and groom see one another at the rehearsal dinner , we be just not have one . linda ( patient ) yeah , but she 's never in she wedding gress . so , if you do not mind I will see you tomorrow . she close the door on he . ( continued ) 19 . continued : robbie ( call ) Linda ! c'mon ! this be old wife tale . and you be not officially a wife for .... he look at he watch . robbie ( continue ) seventeen hour . beat . robbie ( call ) and you be certainly not old ... ( pause ) you look great ! there be no response . the music go on again . Robbie sigh . ext . reception hall - following day Angie , Julia 's mother , drive up with Julia drop she off for work . Angie be about 48 , attractive , but bitter . life have not treat she that well . the car pull up to the entrance where there be a easel with photograph of Linda and Robbie announce that this be the location of they wedding . Angie look at the picture . julia okay , mom , thanks alot , I will see you lat ... angie ( interrupt ) look at the picture of that girl . see that ? you be alot prettier than that girl and here she 's get marry and you be still single . it 's disgusting . julia mama , please . do not talk about this ... angie ( interrupt ) Julia , you be not get any young . you need to find a man before you look start to fade and you selection of mate become more limited . ( continued ) 20 . continued : julia but mom , you do not get marry till 's you be twenty eight . angie that 's part of my point . if I marry at twenty six I could have find a better guy than you father who would not have leave I . why not marry Glen ? he 's good look , get a steady job with income , he 's charming . julia he have not call I mom . how can I marry someone that do not call I . look , could we talk about this later ? I have get to go to ... angie ( interrupt ) then call he . get down off you proud high horse and let he know you care . julia I think you say man do not like aggressive female ? angie that be in my day . you generation be alot more androgynous . female be more manly and male be more feminine . look at that boy Scott you go out with . Julia lean over and kiss she . julia talk to you later mom . she get out of the car . angie ( call ) call he , Julia . you will see I be right . CUT to : int . wedding hall - day it 's beautifully decorate and full of people , there 's definitely a wedding take place . advance up the aisle , past the guest , up to the altar , right into a extreme close up of the groom - Robbie . he be smile broadly , happy , confident and proud . ( continued ) 21 . continued : but then the first trace of something bad appear in he eye . soon the smile seem phony , it do not match the sad eye . the music abruptly stop . the justice of the peace lean over and whisper in Robbie 's ear . justice of the peace perhaps we should call the bride ... Robbie 's stare down the aisle toward the daylight stream in from the back door of the temple . robbie something must have happen , I mean maybe the car break down or she 's stick in traffic ... or ...or ... there 's a problem with she make up or dress or something ... I know she , she like to always look she best . Robbie seem to be in a trance , dreamily smile and stare up the aisle . after a few second , Robbie 's older sister , kate , enter from a side door and walk across the otherwise silent church to Robbie . kate ( interrupt ) Robbie ? robbie {still smile ) hi , sis ... kate hi , Robbie . I just get off the phone with Linda 's mom . she 's not in she room , but ... there be a note . robbie oh , a note . great. kate the note basically indicate that Linda be ... not go to be come today . slowly , Robbie stop smile . ( continued ) 22 . continued : robbie that 's not very good , be it ? kate I be so sorry honey , you want I to say something ? robbie no , I will do it . just give I a minute . Robbie cross to the side door and go through it . int . side room - wedding hall - day - cont . action Robbie enter the room and cross to a mirror . he stare at himself . int . wedding hall - day - cont . action all the wedding guest be murmure to one another in confusion . kate and the justice of the peace stand at the podium talk . int . side room ~ wedding hall - day - cont . action Robbie stand still in front of the mirror . he rip he tie off , tear he shirt . he punch himself in the face and be surprised at the pain . robbie you stupid fool . you stupid , stupid fool . he take hold of the mirror . int . wedding hall - day - cont . action the confusion continue , we hear a large crash from the side room . everyone become silent . Robbie enter the main room . he look awful . kate go up to the mic and clear she throat . kate : lady and gentleman I have a announcement to make ... robbie ( from side door ) no , no , I will talk . Robbie cross to the center , murmure reconvene below . Robbie stand in front , clear he throat and begin speak loudly . ( continued ) 23 . continued : robbie uh , hi , everybody . Linda , uh , well a note be discover a short time ago , a note which seem to ... imply that Linda have get cold foot and will not in fact be show up . everyone react - " no " , and say " how could she . " robbie no , thanks for stick up for I , but I be pretty sure that 's the situation . hey , nobody 's more upset about this then iam , believe I . except maybe you , rosie . rosie be sobbing . robbie but , I be sure Linda just have a little case of the jitter . we will all be laugh about this next week , so we be go to make the best of this . because you know something ? today be my nephew Todd 's eighth birthday ... Robbie indicate a kid in the crowd , todd . robbie ( continue ) - , - and he be go to have the most fun birthday party ever ! so come on everybody ... ( sing ) happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ... the crowd join in . robbie / crowd happy birthday dear todd , happy birthday int . robbie' kitchen - evening Robbie be sit at the kitchen table of this small house . he have take off he jacket and loosen he tie . his sister kate be there and she husband , Andy , lawrence and some of the band member . several niece and nephew , include Todd , be chase each other around the house . ( continued ) 24 . continued : sitting at the table with Robbie be he brother - in - law andy , and lawrence . andy you have to let it out , Robbie . robbie let what out ? lawrence what you be feel , you know . about what that lousy bitch do to you ... robbie hey ! watch what you say . I still might end up marrying she , and then there will he some weirdness between you and I . petey hand Robbie a large photo . petey I make this for you , uncle Robbie . it 's a photo of Robbie and Linda . her face have be horribly deface . robbie oh , you should not have do that , petey ... very creative , though . Robbie walk out . erica I have never see Robbie like this . kate he be like this after we lose we parent in the car crash . but then once he get to high school and start dating , he open up again . lawrence that 's cause he think a wife would give he kid and he could start a new family . andy thank you , Dr. limo . lawrence hey look , this be just simple psychology . usually it 's chick that be die to get marry . but Robbie 's want to ever since I meet he in the 6th grade . he ( more ) ( continued ) 25 . continued : lawrence ( cont would ) want he own family so bad he would even marry the totally wrong girl . kate hey , he will bounce back . the guy 's a bear romantic . andy hey , check out the cake ! everyone turn to look at the wedding cake , which be on the counter . andy ( 0.c . ) there 's just a little groom on top ! sure enough , at the top of the cake , where the miniature bride and groom usually be , the groom stand alone . andy that 's funny . who do that ? ext . robbie' house - evening Robbie be sit alone on the porch . a convertible drive by be blaring " bringin ' on the heartbreak " by definitely leppard . Robbie 's stare at something hide in he cup hand . it 's the tiny bride . linda appear in the driveway . she be wear jeans and a sweater . she walk up the drive and stand in front of Robbie . robbie you be late . linda look , this be for the best . you know why ? Robbie do not respond . linda because , I be not really in love with '' Robbie now , " I be in love with " Robbie six year ago " . the Robbie I know back in high school , the Robbie who be go to be a rock star . I want to be Mrs. David Lee roth , not Mrs. local this . Robbie can not believe this . ( continued ) continued : Robbie be 26 . robbie Linda , that be a high school fantasy ... we be all adult now for God 's sake . linda ( interrupt ) whatever . the point be , Robbie , I wake up this morning and realize ... my God , we be never go to leave Arlington ! robbie who say I have to leave Arlington to make great music ? Prince still life in Minnesota . linda oh , be you make great music , Robbie ? where be it ? JI have not see it . all I have see be a garbage can full of crumpled - up sheet music . stung . robbie Linda , this be a nice place . we grow up here , all we friend be here . be not it a good place to , you know , start a ... family ? linda oh , yeah , what be we go to do ? raise kid in you sister 's basement ? and I will spend weekend there alone while you be eff do wedding gig at sixty buck a pop . robbie eighty ! linda whatever . Robbie , stung , think about this . robbie Linda ... I love you ... be not marriage about that ? be not this about family ? be not it about be there for somebody and know they would be there for you ? I bet Davis Lee roth do not have that . ( continued ) no ee ell 27 . continued : linda well , I guess . but how can you worry about that stuff when you be just scrapping by , without a pot to piss in . robbie well I can get a pot to piss in . I will get a real job . linda ( cut he off ) look , Robbie , I have to go . sorry about all of this . take care . Linda walk off . robbie I be sorry too . Robbie throw the little bride into the bush . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - late afternoon Julia be walk down the sidewalk , a bag of grocery in each hand . she 's listen to a walkman . she be sadly sing along to foreigner , " I have be wait for a girl like you . " in the background behind she we see a horse - draw carriage enter from a side street , and turn onto the street she 's walk down . the horse be move fast . faint " clip -clop " get louder , the carriage get closer . finally , when Julia stop at a intersection , the carriage catch up . the horse 's head be only a few foot from Julia . the horse whinny réally loud . startle , Julia turn and see the carriage . it 's be drive by a toothless old carriage driver . the only passenger be a devilishly handsome young man with a fistful of rose , glen guglia . glen ta-da . julia Glen ! you scared I . glen sorry ... c'mon ... climb in . I have I question for you ... ( continued ) 28 . continued : on close up on the toothless old carriage Driver turn around . carriage driver ( interrupt ) do you know how much manure a horse generate in a single day ? CUT to Glen and Julia in the back of the carriage . Glen look annoyed . glen hey , professor , we be kind of busy right now . okay . carriage driver twenty to thirty pound . and that exclude urine . glen thanks for the info . now , eye front . the carriage Driver turn around , mutter . carriage driver just try to give you a good tour . get '' ~ you money 's worth and I be the bad guy . in the back of the carriage , glen turn to Julia . glen anyway , you move here to be closer to I show that you take " we " very seriously , so I be think , hey , maybe I should do something to show that I take '' we " seriously ... Julia 's start to shine with pure hope . Glen fish around in he pocket . he grab something and hold it up . it 's a diamond ring . glen Jules , I think you be way better than all the other girl I ever date ... seriously . julia yes , Glen . Glen slip the ring on Julia 's finger . she look at it in joyful awe . ( continued ) 29 . continued : julia oh my God ... it 's so beautiful ! glen yeah , I think you would like it . julia Glen , I love you so much . glen congratulation Mrs , weaver , you may now kiss the husband . long shot of Glen and Julia passionately kissing in the carriage , illuminate by the moonlight bounce off lake . int . robbie' apartment - a dark one room basement apartment - morning there be a makeshift kitchen on one end and Robbie 's dishevel bed on another . the room be extremely unkempt , clothes everywhere , dirty dish , half consume@ jar of peanut butter , empty beer can . Robbie lay unconscious across he bed fully clothed in a rumple past caring way . there be anxiety , grief and sour milk in the air . lawrence ( 0.s. ) ( call ) Robbie ! Robbie stir slightly in bed but do not awaken . lawrence enter and take in the horror that be once Robbie 's comfortable room . lawrence hey , you have be in that bed for five day now . robbie please leave . lawrence I will , right after I see how soft that sheet be . lawrence climb into bed right next to Robbie . lawrence hey , it 's soft . do you use downey ? ( continued ) continued : 30 . robbie no . '' all tempa - cheer " . you can wash you clothes at any temperature and the color will not run together . now leave I alone . I be unwell , lawrence it 's my breath right ? that 's always it . drive away even the most tolerant people . robbie well , yes , you breath do have a tendency to smell like horse shit twenty four hour a day . but I have grow to accept that a long time ago . I just do not want anyone in this bed right now . I be try to get use to lay in it alone . lawrence my mission be to get a new chick to lay in that bed with you . that 's why I be take you to work . you know there will be over a hundred drunk girl at the wedding - all ready to go . robbie I live in my sister basement . I do not make any money . I do not know anything about money . I do not even know what a mutual fund or CD be . how would any girl ever want to marry I ? lawrence marry you ? I be just try to get somebody to blow you . robbie there 's no way I be go . lawrence abruptly rip the cover off Robbie and take a Polaroid of he naked body . robbie hey ! lawrence I will show the whole town this naked picture of you if you do not get out of bed . ( continued ) 31 . continued : robbie I hate you . int . reception hall - that night Robbie be reluctantly on stage sing to a receptive audience . robbie ( sing monotone ) ... tonight we're gonna party like it's 1999 ... tonight we're gonna party like it 's 1999 ... the crowd applaud . robbie that one go out to the happy bride and groom , jeane and Scott Prescott . let 's give ‘em another hand . everyone applaud and whistle . we see the newlywed smile and brush . robbie you marriage be really off to a great start . I mean , jeane show up . so Scott , right away you must be pretty psyched . the bride and Groom smile nervously . robbie you know , Scott , she love you just the way you be . do you realize how cool that be ? you do not have to be a big businessman or a astronaut or even a rock star to earn she love . she just flat out love you . the bride and Groom , relieved , smile more genuinely . robbie then again ... what do you do for a live , Scott ? scott uh , I be a dentist . Robbie grimace . ( continued ) 32 . continued : robbie ooo , yike . dentist make a ton of dough . just keep a eye on she Scott . Separate check account . and watch out for unexplain motel receipt . two guy yell out from the crowd at Robbie . guy # 2 hey , shut up and sing ! robbie hey , whoa , it 's interactive wedding entertainment ! I talk , you talk . except that I have a microphone ... Robbie put he mouth right up to the mic and bellow robbie ---so you will listen to every goddamn thing I have to say ! the crowd cover they ear . Robbie sit down on the stage . robbie look , you two be lucky . Hell , I be jealous of you . some people will never find true love - like take for instance I . and I be pretty sure that guy right there . Robbie point to a forty year old fat man who be put way too much butter on he bread . robbie and that lady with sideburn . Robbie point to a mortify young lady with sideburn . robbie so how about a toast . to wedd bliss . enjoy it while it last . lawrence walk up to phil . lawrence some day be better leave spend in bed . Robbie spot Julia from the stage . he do not want to be there anymore . ( continued ) 33 . continued : or robbie ( continue ) and now a special treat . a original song from we guitarist erica " moonchild . " Robbie back off the stage as erica step up . erica one , two , three , four ... erica ( sing ) swaying room as the music start , stranger making the most of the dark ... he go down the stage and approach Julia who be just finish serve drink . robbie hey . julia hey . robbie on could you do I a favor ? julia sure . robbie cut off my head . julia I hear about you ... situation . I be sorry . robbie yeah ... well . pretty much put we in the same boat . julia well ... oh well , yeah about that . my situation change since then . robbie no kid ... julia Glen propose . ( continued ) continued : he start 34 . robbie oh , wow ... congratulation . julia I be sorry . robbie sorry ? I be glad . I be really , really glad . I know I do not look glad , but that 's only because I be dead inside . but believe I , if someone be go to be happy it should be you . you be a nice girl . julia it will happen again for you , wedding Singer . you will see . what do you tell I ? the right one for you must still be out there . robbie yeah , well I use to say alot of stupid shit . you go on with you thing and t'll ... see you . I do not want to bring you down . I be afraid I might ... contaminate you with the get dumped disease . julia do not worry about it . I 'ma carrier , you | probably catch it from I to begin with . to leave . julia ( continue ) Robbie ? robbie huh ? julia keep you head , it 's really a nice head . robbie well , I will keep it for now , it 's on probation . one more screw up and off it come . he disappear through the crowd toward the stage just as erica 's horrible song be comming to a close . Julia watch he go wis tfully . 35 . ext . STREET - day Robbie move through another crowd on the sidewalk . he look at a piece of paper with a address and look up at a sign , the music factory . he ready himself and push through the door . int . music factory - day - cont . action a complex of instrument for sale and music teacher for hire . a sign on the wall proclaim " learn piano and guitar and Voice in 8 week guarantee with we accredite professional instructor . result guarantee or you money back . first trial lesson free . we bring the music out of you and it never go back . '' it be the macdonald 's of music . a woman approach Robbie . woman May I help you sir ? robbie uh , yeah I have a appointment to see Joseph brunk . woman back of the store on the right ... behind the synthesizer . Robbie move through customer and salesman . enthusiasm and hawk fill the air . he come to the door of Joseph brunk , manager and knock . joseph come in ! Robbie open the door skeptically . Joseph brunk be on the phone . he be a highly energetic salesman . as he talk he wave Robbie in and motion he to sit in a chair across from he desk . joseph ( continue , into phone ) look , I feel bad for the lady , but she husband sign the contract . it 's not my 's fault .... he wink at Robbie conspiratorially . Robbie squirm in he chair . ( continued ) continued : 36 . joseph ( continue ) look pardner , I gotta run . a woman 's work be never do , so you can imagine a real businessman 's schedule ... you to maestro . keep alert . Red alert . well red alert . dive ! dive ! dive ! he hang up and come around the desk to a bewilder Robbie . joseph ( continue , hold out he hand ) Joseph brunk , what can I do you for ? robbie I be Robbie hart . joseph yes ... yes . the sing teacher . so , you want to be a franchisee ? robbie I think so . joseph gotta do better than that . we gotta convince this people that we be do they a favor to let they part with they money in exchange for some immeasurable musical skill . subtle perhaps to the laymen , but to the truly musical they talent be finally expose . a price can not be put on that . but we reluctantly do . costly but fair . think you wanna join we team ? robbie uh , how 's the pay ?. joseph man after my own heart . the pay be great . here 's what we do , everyone sign a contract for thirty lesson in advance . if they can not pay , fuck they ' . they will only show up for three anyway . we have a no money back policy , so we be all set . we guarantee result , but we be businessman . you see Robbie , it 's not just that you teach people how to sing and make money . it 's that you make money and occasionally teach people how to sing . franchise be the future . ( continued ) continued : 37 . robbie I be ready for the future , I want to forget the past . joseph well , welcome to the future see you Monday morning , 9am . Robbie start to go . robbie yes sir . joseph oh and Rob ? robbie Sir ? joseph try and do something about the mood . you gotta lift it like a small , heavy plane . we do not want to bring people down . bring they ' down , they do not want to sing . do not want to sing , do not want to pay . do not want to pay , do not want to see you in my store anymore , okay ? get my drift ? robbie okay . joseph all right ! nine a.m. , peppy and ready to sign that singer . ext . mr. & mrs . darryl guglia' home - evening Glen 's parent be give Julia and Glen a engagement party at they upper middle class colonial home . they have go all out . valet parking , cater , staff , and the like . Robbie drive up in he crappy car with lawrence . he look glum . especially in contrast to the impending festivity . int . robbie be car - evening - continuous action Robbie and lawrence be almost dress for the occasion . Robbie slump in he seat . { continued ) continued : they car 38 . lawrence come on , man . you gotta go in at least for a minute . everyone from work be gonna be there . besides I could get lucky . robbie all right , this be gonna be very painful , but all right . and by the way , you breath still reak . so , forget about the luck . lawrence I just brush my tooth . robbie well get a new tongue or something . arrive at the valet . as they exit the car the valet guy hand lawrence the ticket . lawrence {to valet guy ) hey , be my breath bad ? valet guy ( bristle ) yes . lawrence ( to himself , confuse ) I just brush my tooth . what the hell be go on . robbie here 's some binaca . eat the bottle . they walk towards the’ house which be brightly light and fill with fun lover . the window sparkle with light . ext . guglia home - night - cont . action the backyard around the pool be lace with chinese lantern and fill with round table with flower and silverware and crystal . well dress people of all age chat here and there , drink in hand , smoking . we see Glen with he male friend smoking cigar , some child run scream around the pool . Julia be surround by she friend Angie , Holly and assort other . ( continued ) 39 . continued : julia ( continue ) and then we be in the carriage and he give I this ... Julia hold out she ring hand . angie ( inspect the ring ) almost a entire carrot . no flaw . julia it 's he grandmother 's . angie reset . girl # 1 when be the wedding ? julia August 12th . same day Mark gastineau be bear . mark gastineau . holly so where 's the ceremony ? Shea Stadium ? julia well , Glen do not want anything fancy . he would prefer just go to Vegas . but I talk he into something a little more traditional . angie in a church they have not decide yet . but one in which the word ' Jesus '' and " Christ " be both mention frequently . girl # 2 Big reception ? julia well , we do not want to spend too much . we have to save something for the honeymoon . the camera move toward the house pass Glen 's group complete with he father darryl and cohort . cohort # 1 she 's a beauty ... I will say that for you . ( continued ) 40 . continued : cohort # 2 what 'ya think he 's go to marry , a pig ? rosie that 's certainly one of the thing to prize in a woman . when I choose my wife Marianne , I choose she for she kindness , she respect and love for I and she beauty . one can not deny a desire for attractive child . they have a easier way in the world . right , my boy ? glen work for my dad . it also help to be able to hold you liquor . cohort # 3 or even other people 's liquor . Julia wave to Glen from across the yard . she look lovely in a pale , clingy dress show every curve . Glen wave back and hold up he drink . glen read they ' and weep boy ... breast big enough to bury yourself in , but not so big they ' 1l fall . the camera move up to the entrance . angle on the outside from in . a party guy approach Robbie . party guy Robbie ! dude ! I hear about what happen to you man . that be cold , you must have feel like shit . robbie no , actually it feel really good . thanks for bring it up though . ya know my mother die when I be ten , wanna talk about that too ? lawrence get away from we . Robbie spot Julia and the camera go back to she . she be talk to Holly alone and Angie be make she way to phil . julia ( continue ) I know , but he really do not want to involve himself in wedding plan . he say it 's chick stuff . so you gotta help I . who be I go to do this with ? my mom ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : holly yeah , you be right . that would be like do it with Nancy regan . but I do not really know much about this stuff . julia well , neither do I , moron ... c'mon I would do it for you ... holly if I in fact ever do marry . which I doubt . guy want a girl that be around the block . julia do not say that Holly . you true love will not care about you past experience . holly Julia , I have the name " butch " tattooe on my ass . Barry manilow would throw I out of the house for that . the camera move back to Robbie and lawrence who be now drink heavily . lawrence steady there fella . you wanna shot ? lawrence hand Robbie a shot . robbie no , thanks . Robbie downs the shot and hand the empty glass to lawrence . robbie ( continue ) no , here . I do not want it . robbie why ? I have get a perfectly good reason and a designate driver , you . I would call that ideal circumstance . it 's you who need to watch it the way I look at it . Robbie see Glen have a cozy chat with a fairly good look girl . ( continued } 42 . continued : robbie ( continue ) hey , Dr. limo , do that look like the behavior of a engage man to you ? lawrence it look like behavior and he be a engage man . so yes , that look like the ... robbie ( interrupt ) appropriate behavior ? lawrence do not you think you might be project you traumatic situation on this poor , unsuspecting couple ? robbie do you want to keep you tooth ? Cause I swear to God , I will knock they right out of you mouth . lawrence my tooth be you last line of defense against the stank breath comming out of my mouth . robbie by God , you be right . Julia spot Robbie and wave . she move toward he . Robbie look embarrassed , lawrence start to move away , Robbie grab he arm . robbie stay here . Julia arrive at Robbie and lawrence . julia hey , you guy ... thanks for comming . I really do not know anyone here practically except my mom and Holly . and Glen , of course . so , I appreciate it . robbie thanks for invite we . great party . ( continued ) 43 . continued : julia yeah , well ... Glen 's parent arrange it . I be not good at this stuff and Glen 's even worse , so I be kind of in charge of organization . the whole wedding and reception and everything . but , I do not have the first clue . lawrence why not have Robbie here help you ? he have alot of experience . robbie actually , I be kind of bad luck at wedding . Julia 's eye 's light up . julia oh would you wedding singer ? you would really be save my life . robbie I would just bring everybody down . lawrence maybe it would bring you up . Robbie shoot he a look . robbie there go the tooth again . julia I do not want to pressure you ... if you think it would be too much of a bummer ... robbie it 's just that ... lawrence let he think about it . angie ( call ) Julia ...! julia oh , I gotta go . thanks for comming you two . and for think of help . you be sweet . ( continued ) 44 . continued : she kiss Robbie 's cheek and squeeze lawrence 's arm and move off . lawrence start to say something . robbie she smell good . I do not know if it be perfume or powder ... but holy shit she smell good . Robbie downs he drink and move off steal a look at Julia as he go who smile and talk with she mother and other . he then spot Glen with another woman . he do not like this guy . he get another drink from a pass waiter and take a gulp . ext . kate house - night Robbie be walk up the front walk . kate come out the front door , dress in evening clothes . kate oh good , you be here . ( yell behind she ) Robbie 's here ! let 's move it ! {to Robbie ) now the kid have be feed , but if they want snack , there 's ice pop in the freezer or you can make microwave popcorn . we will only be a few hour . robbie gotcha . kate so how you do , kid ? robbie very shitty . kate ( over she shoulder ) c'mon Andy ! get you ass in gear ! ( to Robbie ) you know , you be go to look back on this and be thankful . I know you be in kind of a hurry to have a family of you own . but marriage be not all it 's crack up to be . it 's a lot of sacrifice , a lot of conflict , a lot of needless pain . you dodge a bullet , little brother . kate walk toward she car . Robbie turn and enter the house . 4s . int . kate house - night Todd and petey immediately pounce on Robbie . Andy , also in evening clothes , call they off . andy hey ! kid ! take it easy on uncle Robbie ! the kid back off . Andy throw a arm around Robbie . andy let I talk to you for a second , Rob ... Andy lead Robbie into the live room . andy I have be think about what happen to you and let I tell you , it 's all for the best . I mean , you be in love and everything , but love wear off , believe I . I and you sister , I mean , it use to be wild . she be very ... adventurous . we get into some crazy shit . embarrass , Robbie 's gaze drift to the family picture arrange on the mantle . andy but now , it 's like , the thrill be go . when we do get a second alone together , we usually sleep . Robbie be look at a old picture of himself and kate play together in a sandbox . andy we never have relation anymore . if it 's a special occasion , you know , she may , uh ... pleasure I with she mouth ... and you know when she do it she can also do this thing with my nipple , I have this thing about my nipple , I could be no where near come and do a nipple thing to I and bam ! Robbie hustle Andy towards the front door . ( continued ) continued : 46 . robbie ninterrupt ) all right , that 's enough . this fall under the head of shit I do not need to know about you . especially right now . thanks for the advice , Andy . have a great time tonight . the kid be in good hand . Robbie shut the door on Andy and be leave alone with the kid . the kid be run around . todd I do not ever want to get marry . it 's enough have mom tell I what to do . why would I on purpose trap myself with another lady boss I around ? a ball and chain . petey Ball and chain ! Ball and chain ! robbie . hey , do not talk like that . a horn honk outside . Robbie and the boy look through the window . ext . kate 's robbie I have get a surprise for you ... we be go for ice cream ! petey & todd yeah ! it 's uncle lawrence ... S house - night - cont . action Todd and petey dash out to lawrence 's limo , follow by Robbie . int . limo todd last one in 's a ball and chain ! petey Ball and chain , ball and chain ! ~ night - cont . action a short time later lawrence drive in the front with Robbie and the two kid bounce around in the back . ( continued ) continued : 47 . lawrence ( continue ) look man , I do not mean to pressure you , but it 's be over two month since you get dumped . it 's time to get back out there again . robbie I tell you before , I '1l1 tell you again ... I have become very comfortable with my own company . I be predictable , I will not leave I . I do not yell at I . I do not steal all the blanket . I be all right . todd ( scream ) mommy pleasure daddy with she mouth . petey with she mouth ! with she mouth ! robbie ( turn ) hey , keep it down back there . lawrence you know there 's this line I hear from a movie , " heartbreak be life 's way of teach you something . " why do not you figure out you lesson and go out there and get laid . robbie I do not need to get laid . I be probably not even good at it . let 's just get the ice cream , okay ? int . reception hall - night Robbie be on stage with the band sing " let 's stay together , " in - a haunt , hopeful way . the avidience dance and listen . it be the end of the night . Julia clear the table with Holly and the other girl . robbie ( sing , continue ) baby , let' stay together ... lovin 's you whether ... whether time re good or bad or happy or sad , let' stay together lovin ' you whenever , that's all I need ... let I be the one you come running to ... i'll spend my whole life lovin ' you ... alot of people break up turn around and ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . continued : robbie ( cont would ) make up , that be not for I ... let I be the one you come running to , you make I feel so brand new ... babe ... a drunken heckler from the crowd interrupt he . drunken heckler ( interrupt ) hey , let 's hear something a little livelier , huh man ? this song be bum I out big time . Robbie and the band stop . robbie I be sorry this song be bring you down . but there be other way to celebrate than get drunk and shaking you ass . although I have be know to do both of that thing . in case you have forget we be here at a wedding . we be here to celebrate union and possibility and joy . and I do not know anybody that do it better than Al Green . instead of dulling we sense or move faster than we really feel like move , be not it nice to slow to a gentle pace where we can appreciate gaze into another person eye who love you like you 's like to love yourself . " let 's stay together , " feel like a song write in moonlight . it 's a bless , a prayer that the best we feel when we be side by side with the one we love will last throughout we life . Julia listen , spellbound . robbie ( continue ) so if you do not mind , I be go to finish this song celebrate the promise make here today . after which I will be sing " play that funky Music White Boy , " which be probably a little bit more to you like . the heckler smile . robbie ( continue ) let be ... let' stay together ... lovin ' you whenever ... time be good or bad or happy or sad ... baby ... ( continued ) 49 . continued : there be tear in Julia 's eye . int . kitchen - night - a short time later Julia be bring empty glass and plate to the dishwasher . in the background we hear erica sing " Middle of the Road " by the pretender . erica ( continue , sing ) i'm stand in the middle of life with my past behind I ... i've gotta smile for everyone I meet , long as you don't mind draggin ' my baby , crossing the path of my STREET . don't harass I , can't you tell i'm workin ' hard i'm goin ' to hell ... Robbie come into the kitchen for a plate of food . robbie can I have some meat and potato , helen ? Julia see Robbie and finish put down she plate and approach he . julia hey . robbie hey . julia you be great up there . I mean , that be really , really beautiful . robbie oh well , yeah thanks . drunk tend to make I pretentious . julia that be not pretentious , it be poetic . robbie you think ? I just can not stand anyone trash Al Green . I mean he pour he heart out for we , right ? julia it 's a beautiful song . and after that , I definitely want you to sing that at my wedding . ( continued ) continued : so . robbie oh look , I would love to , but I be kind of phase out of the wedding business . julia really ? no ... you can not , you be so ... so good . I mean you almost have I cry in there . robbie no , that be not I . that be Al Green . I just sing it , I mean I would love to write a song like that . one that people hear with they cell , you know , and they say , " hey , I have feel what that guy have feel . " I use to think I could do that , but now I be not so sure . julia sure you could , wedding Singer . do you 's see how you just entrance they out there . I mean if you can do that , you can do anything . robbie well ... that 's a really nice thing to say , but I disagree . julia I know you be kind of on the spot before , but I would really love it if you could help I with my wedding . Robbie start to say something . she kiss she go . he on . julta ( stop he ) please do not answer now . just think about it . Cause I can not think of anyone that I would rather help I than you . he cheek . julia ( continue ) thanks Robbie , you be the best really . everything will work out for you . it can not not . you will see . Robbie watch she and touch the cheek she kiss ( continued ) 51 . continued : robbie Boy , she smell good . int . priest office - day Julia and Glen sit in front of the desk of a man of the cloth . overhead be the glow soft light of a stain glass window of the virgin Mary and the word , sacrifice . the Priest be a grey haire , benevolent man with wire rimmed glass . julia ( continue ) I think we could use that Al Green song ... you know the one ? priest " Love and happiness ? " julia " let 's stay together . " glen yeah , that 's kind of a groovy song , but do not you think we should have something less whiney and more upbeat ? julia you think Al Green be whiney ? priest ( clear throat ) I think this detail can be determine in a more appropriate context . today we need to focus on other matter . the church view marriage as a sacrament , a holy union before God , unbreakable for all eternity . Glen , do you think about the importance of you decision before you ask Julia to marry you ? the Priest note this in the file , then look up , close the file , fold he hand and smile . glen well , yeah . I mean , I get everything go pretty good so it 's time to start plant some seed , ya know . and with Julia here I will have some great lookin’ kid . ( continued ) continued : 52 . priest I see . what about you , Julia ? have you carefully consider the gravity of you decision to wed ? julia {nervous and excited ) yes , Father quinn , I have . a wedding be something every girl look forward to she whole life . it 's not something to be take lightly , it 's a huge emotional commitment . all you friend be there , all you whole family , they print a announcement in the newspaper - priest ocutting she off ) Julia , I be talk about the marriage itself , about actually be Glen 's wife , not about the wedding . the wedding be really just a symbolic ritual . glen I be with you , you holiness . I mean , after a few month the wedding 's forget , and all you have be a album of picture you never look at and a dress she will never wear again . Julia look at Glen like she want to kill he . beat . priest it sound like you have mix feeling about the wedding , Glen . glen well , I would rather go to Vegas and save the money so we could buy a bigger boat . glen ( continue ) but still , we can have a big wedding and all , if that 's what Julia decide she want . it 's she big day and everything . whatever make she happy ... fade to : 53 . int . music factory - day Robbie be make the most of he new job which be not much at all . he be sit at a desk with he first customer try to look enthusiastic . robbie as you can see we have quite a extensive menu to choose from . so to find out what 's best for you . why do not you tell I you sing goal . customer well , it 's like this . my dad die a couple of year back from cancer and I always wish I coulda sung for he cause both my parent really love music . anyway , now my mom be die and I really want to learn to sing Ave Maria , before she go and I do not want to sing it off key . thing be bad enough for she as it be , you know ? robbie well , uh , Jesus man , I be sorry .... what a story . customer so what would it cost for like three or four lesson ? robbie well , the store 's policy be you pay $ 120.00 for thirty lesson in advance . customer mister , my mom be not go to last for thirty lesson and I be kinda short of money from pay for the chemo and stuff . Robbie 's boss , unseen by he be hover , listen . robbie well look , why do not you just skip signing up . I could just come to you house or whatever and help you . customer really ? that would be great . how much would that be ? ( continued ) continued : he start 54 , robbie I do not know . thirty buck , twenty buck ... how about just gas money ? customer {uncomfortable ) okay ... robbie what 's the matter ? customer well , it 's just that I be get radiation too . I have a little cancer in my prostate but luckily they get it , knock wood . but they want to make sure I have the radiation treatment anyway . to be safe . so ... maybe I should not be spend any money at all . to get up . customer ocontinue ) thanks for you time . robbie wait , wait . look , forget the gas money ... I will ride my bike . I need the exercise anyway . look at this gut . he punch he fat belly and laugh . customer you would do that ? God bless you sir ... he write something on a piece of paper . customer ( continue ) here 's my address . how about Friday afternoon ? robbie yeah , sure , four o'clock . customer bless you Mr. hart . I do not think that there be people like you leave . he go . Robbie 's boss enter , smile a sneaky smile and give a look . ( continued ) we — — eeeeeitowreee soe 55 . continued : .t robbie I know , I know . that be very nice of I , but I be fire . joseph I could not have put it better myself . robbie no , you could not . God bless you . he kiss he and leave in a pretty lighthearted mood . int . department store - day Robbie be sit with Angie , Holly and lawrence in a large fitting room . Julia come out wear a wedding dress . everyone react . Robbie look a little uncomfortable , but survive . the wedding dress get a mix response . she return to the dress room to try on another dress . jump CUT to : int . florist - day a big , earth mother type florist in a filthy grey jump suit be hold a bizarre flower arrangement . florist ( very intensely ) .-- now we would make up one of this baby for each table . the daisy represent innocence , and the black -ey susan represent of course , lose innocence . this barren branch here represent the barrenness of you life before you find ' each other , while this weed ... Julia and Robbie look on dubiously as the florist continue . Julia lean over and whisper to Robbie . julia you sure she 's the best in town ? I feel like I just join a cult or something ... the florist see she whisper . florist Excuse I . be I boring you folk ? jump CUT to : ee eee 56 . int . department store - day the next wedding dress . this one be slightly better , but too short and too many pearl . lawrence seem to like it , but no one else . int . country club - late afternoon we group be sampling different food and check out various menus . the man in charge be literally feed Julia and talk she through she taste experience as though she be a child . lawrence and Robbie begin to mimic he behind he back and be almost catch . Holly laugh uproariously and Angie attempt to look haughty and dignify . Julia finally select something resembling prime rib , sauteed chicken , rice and vegetable . the man in charge bow to Julia . chef very good madam ... lawrence and Robbie mimic from behind . this time they be basically catch and run from the establishment laugh . Angie apologize and Julia try to but have to fight laugh . Holly spit laugh some of the champagne . Julia sign the agreement . they go . ext . the elbow room ~ bar - night Angie be in she car . lawrence , Holly , Julia and Robbie talk to she from the sidewalk . julia you sure you do not want to come in with we , mar ? angie no , no ... you kid run along , tonight be the night we find out who shot j.r.. I can not miss that . julia we do everything , right ? angie all the main thing anyway , dear ... I will talk to you tomorrow . it 's be nice meeting you boy . you will make great catch when you be not so immature . you could also find more work with more upward mobility . well , I be off . night all . talk to you soon . ( continued ) 57 . continued : julia night mama ... jump CUT to : int . department store - day the next wedding dress . this one be the best of all . simple , off the shoulder , trail behind she with delicate lacy headdress . Robbie be subtly bowl over . everyone agree that this be the dress . ext . parking lot - day lawrence be stand at attention outside he limo , in he uniform . he look uncomfortable and piss . int . limo - day Robbie be show Julia some button . robbie ... and this button turn the air conditioner on , and this switch operate the moon roof ... julia Robbie , you do not have to show I all this stuff . of course I will use he - he 's you friend . and he 's the only affordable guy in town . robbie oh , come on , this be fun , make he sweat . he really need the work . Robbie lower the window and yell out . robbie oh , Mr. limo driver , what kind of soda do you have ? lawrence 's angry face appear in the window . lawrence ( tooth clench ) I just tell you . robbie ( elbow Julia ) I forget ... ( continued ) 58 . continued : they share private laughter . jump CUT to : int . department store - day Holly and Angie in they wedding party best . both wear short satin low cut dress with long strand of pearl . Julia now sit across from Robbie . they steal a look at one another , then flush and look away . lawrence notice this . jump CUT to : ext . the elbow room bar - night holly / lawrence / robbie night Mrs. Sullivan ... she drive off . the four approach the bar . lawrence she 's a real upper you mom . she ever think of work as a evangelist ? a place to vent she real enthusiasm for people ? holly shut up . lawrence just wonder . they enter the bar , dark with the noisy din of possibility . int . elbow room bar - night - a short time later we fab four be seat at a booth in the back , sip drink sport umbrella or salt at the top or the like . they be feel loose and very little pain . lawrence I can not believe you guy be busting my chop like that . robbie hey , watch it . she have not make up she mind yet . lawrence grumble . ( continued ) 59 . continued : they go . lawrence who want a refill ? julia / robbie not yet . no thanks . lawrence I will get eight shot of tequila just in case . holly need help with the reinforcement ? lawrence join I , my queen . holly to Oz ? lawrence too drunkenville . julia thanks for do all that with I today . it mean alot . it must have be a little difficult , huh ? robbie well , it be a little difficult in the beginning . but it be nice to see you happy . I mean , you look beautiful in that dress . julia you think ? oh , I have really gotta loose weight though . robbie you gotta be kid . from where ? julia my arm and my back . I come from a partly dutch background . so I have get this dutch flub . see ? it 's gross . robbie be you kid ? I come from a jewish background that say dutch flub be a delicacy . first matzoh ball soup , then dutch flub . ( continued ) 60 . continued : they look at each other a little too long , then away , embarrassed . julia what do you think happen with Linda ? robbie she be not the right one I guess . julia but you do not know that ? robbie I think I do not want to . like this thing where one time we go to the Grand Canyon and I would never be there and Linda have . so you woulda think she would have give I the window seat , but she do not . not that that 's a big deal , but there . be alot of little thing like that . I know that sound stupid , but ... julia not at all . everyone want to be consider or appreciate . robbie what about you and Glen , how do you know he be the right one ? julia the right one ? I always figure that the right one would just have ... I dunno , soft eye for I . know he talk before he speak it . she look off nervously because this be Robbie she talk about , not Glen . julia ( continue ) I use to always think I would know it be the right guy if I could imagine myself grow old with he . pause . julia ( continue ) Glen be go to be a really good look old man . ( continued ) continued : 61 . lawrence and Holly return . they sit . lawrence help be on the way . holly the cavalry have come . Holly pass out shot and raise one . holly Julia , as time draw near for you to leave this circle of friend for the strong arm of you life 's mate , allow I to pass on this one bit of wisdom : I do not know , but I have be tell , a big - legge woman be not get no soul . everyone clink glass . they down lawrence here here ... they drink . ext . rosie' backyard - beginning of summer Robbie be help by move the lawn furniture outdoors . robbie ( with chair under tree ) over here ? rosie a little closer to the trunk would be perfect dear boy . summer 's comming , we will need all the shade we can get . I be think of get a bird bath again . robbie good idea . if we can not be cool at least the bird can . rosie you be seem better . not so gloomy . might I ask ... be you see someone again ? robbie no , no ... I kind of wish I be , but I be not . I do not even think I will ever know who to ask out again . I do not really trust my judgement anymore . ( continued ) continued : 62 . rosie oh , you will dear boy , this be what I figure out about love . I find it 's not what you feel about the other person , it 's how you feel about yourself when you be with they . robbie ( move ) that 's awesome , rosie . just awesome . rosie thank you child . I can not really claim it myself . I hear it on National Public Radio . my aunt always say to look for a man with big hand . you know , big hand . but that do not help you , do it ? robbie no , but I like the first thing you tell I . rosie very odd woman my aunt . use to make odd frog like sound when she make whoope . make the neighbor awfully nervous , I must say . good cook though . int . holly and julia' house - night Julia and Holly be in the live room discuss the perfect wedding kiss . : julia ( continue ) no , you can not kiss with you mouth all open and everything . all you relative be there . holly well , what do you want to do ? thin , tight mouth and it 's over ? julia no , split the difference . thin , partly open , no tongue , over . holly no tongue ? I be not talk porno tongue . I be talk discreet stuff like a third lip type thing . ( continued ) 63 . continued : there be a knock at the door . julia ooh , there 's Robbie . he will settle this . holly Robbie 's comming over to discuss the wedding kiss ? julia no . the wedding music . but I be sure he will have a point of view on the kiss . Julia open the door . Robbie stand there sheepish . robbie sorry I be late , I be help .... julia ( interrupt ) you be just in time . we be talk about the wedding kiss . you do not think there should be tongue , do you ? robbie ( take aback ) well ... holly not porno tongue .... julia ( interrupt ) Soft mouth , right ? robbie what be soft mouth ? holly yeah , what be soft mouth ? show I ? julia how ? holly on he . you mind ? robbie well , I ... ( continued ) 64 . continued : : holly just hold still . go on Julia . Julia hesitates , then lean in and kiss he gently . a kiss that 's soft and soulful that rock they world . it go on longer than they plan . as the kiss break , Glen come through the door . glen well , what have we here ? my fiancee double deal with the wedding Singer ? julia no honey , I be just show Holly what the wedding kiss should be like and you be not here . it be totally innocent . glen well , I will believe you because I do not | want to turn my night into a bummer and no offense , but I can not exactly picture you as a romantic rival type of guy . julia and there be no tongue . that be my point . there really should not be tongue . at the ceremony . glen I think I should decide on whether there be tongue or no tongue . and I be basically a pro tongue guy . julia but not porno tongue , right ? robbie I better get go . good to see you guy . glen yeah , hit the road wedding Singer . I wanna practice porno kissing with my plump little fiancee here . show she what a real kiss be like . robbie bye ... julia ( to Robbie ) anytime ... I mean ... bye ... { continued ) ~~ continued : glen yeah , se ya later stud . robbie sorry ... okay , bye . he kick the door shut behind hin . glen ( continue ) no more practice kissing with anyone but I . I do not care how big of a geek he be . holly he 's not a geek , Glen . he just get dumped on real bad and he 's convalesc kind of . glen well , why do not you go out with the poor guy hol . help he get over it as it be , you know ? wink , wink . nudge , nudge . holly I would go out with he but he have not ask I . glen Julia will ask he out for you . julia I will ? glen ( to Julia ) sure . just say we be all goin ' to dinner and then you and I will make up something and leave early . I be just try to get the poor dork laid so he do not have a crush on my lady anymore , julia he do not have a crush on I , he 's still bang up about be dumped at the alter . holly and it 's not like he 's guarantee to get laid if ... Julia and Glen stare at Holly . 65 . ( continued ) 66 . continued : holly ( continue , smile ) all right , he 's probably gonna get laid . glen good . case close . let go . Glen head upstairs . julia you want I to do this ? holly sure , if it 's okay with you . julia why would not it be okay with I ? holly gosh , okay then sure ... julia of course it 's okay with I . holly you will do it tomorrow ? julia yeah , I will drop by and ask he at rosie 's . holly great . glen 0.s. Julia ! julia I gotta go . ext . rosie' house - the following day Robbie be help rosie place she bird bath in the back yard . rosie no , no ... place it more over there . that 's where the bird will come . they will see it from thé tree and they will be so hot it will beckon to they . '' come here little birdie , have a dip . " ( continued ) 67 . continued : Julia appear at the gate look nervous . rosie ( continue ) well , look what we have here Robert . a angel at the bottom of my garden . have you come to use my bird bath dear ? I be afraid there 's no water in it yet . robbie rosie ... Mrs. rosenberg , this be Julia ... Julia Sullivan ... Julia this be rosie . julia I have hear so much about you . rosie well , no wonder you have be in a good mood lately . robbie no , no ... rosie she 's a angel . why she 's exactly what I envision for you . two soul , not two people ... two soul . robbie rosie , Julia 's just a friend of mine . she 's marrying someone else in August . julia I be try to get Robbie to sing at my wedding . rosie no , no that 's not right . I be old enough to know the real thing when I see it . I have forget alot of other thing , but there 's no mistake this . julia rosie , could I talk to Robbie for a minute ? just for one minute and then he 's all yours . rosie he 's yours sweetheart . talk to he all you want . I will go think about other thing that bird might say upon see this lovely bath . ( continued ) continued : she go . 68 . robbie sorry . never know what she 's go to say . you should have hear she go on about she aunt the other day . julia ( interrupt ) Robbie , I just want to apologize for the other evening . it be my fault really . it should not have happen . robbie it be not you ... I mean , we do not do anything . just forget it , okay ? you be get marry , life be great . julia yeah , great . they look at each other . beat . beat . julia ( continue ) do you want to go out with Holly ? robbie what ? julia well , it would not be just you guy . it would be I and Glen too . robbie well , Holly 's nice ... julia it 's Glen 's idea . robbie oh ... and you want I to do it too ? julia ( soft ) yes . ( continued ) 69 . continued : robbie sound great . int . dante' italian restaurant - evening Julia and Robbie sit across from one another . Glen and Holly sit across from one another put Glen next to Julia and Holly next to Robbie . no one be speak . people have move they food around in they plate , pick . Julia take a jolt of tequila at the top of the scene and signal the waiter . julia ( call ) innkeeper ! he arrive . waiter yes , signoria ? julia another tequila . he go . glen do not you think you have have enough ? julia how about this ? I will tell you when I have have enough . Glen look at she . julia ( continue ) just kid . I have have enough . the waiter bring she drink . she downs it . robbie wow . julia yeh , wow . now I have have more enough . the waiter bow and go . julia I know what I be do Glen . ( continued ) 70 . continued : glen ( disgust ) I guess . robbie nclear he throat ) hey , you know cat be comming to town and I have a friend with the company . I can probably get good ticket . julia could you ? I love t.s. elliot . holly I too . robbie '' I grow old , I grow old I shall wear the bottom of my trousers roll . " julia " do I dare eat a peach ? " robbie ( to Julia ) " I have hear the mermaid sing each to each . " julia {to Robbie ) " I do not think they sing to I . " glen well great , that sound like a real uplift show . can you get ticket ? anything my baby want . robbie sure . that be not cat though , it be prufrok cat that have the line about alumnus of heaven and hell . Holly put she arm around Robbie , loving he soul . Julia see this . glen whatever . can you ? julia ( look green ) Holly ? ( continued ) continued : she bolt 721. holly yeh , baby ? julia I think I have to go to the lady . could you come with I please ? from the table . holly scuze we . we will be right back . glen so you can get that ticket for like duly 6th ? robbie yeah , I think so , why July 6th ? glen that 's the night of the annual booze cruise . robbie you be gonna get drunk before you go . glen the ticket be not for I and Julia , hunch head . they be for Julia and Holly . that way I can go on the booze cruise without the old ball and chain . Holly return from the bathroom holly Julia 's feel a little under the weather . why do not you guy pay the bill and get the car and we will meet you out front . glen Way ahead of you . I know she be gonna barf . robbie she okay ? holly she will be fine . 72 . ext . dante' italian restaurant - night - a short time later Glen be in he car . Robbie 's piece of junk idle behind he . Robbie wait at the door . Holly come out with a waste Julia . holly oh my God , I forget my purse . put she in with Glen , will ya ... Robbie look panicked underneath fine . robbie no problem ... Holly go back inside the restaurant . Robbie take Julia 's arm . they eye lock . Julia look desperate . they walk to the car . julia that be hard . I could not do it ... I be sorry . robbie do not be sorry . julia I will get over it , right ? Holly return . holly okay , almost there . I will get the door . she open the door and Julia flop inside . she look at Robbie . julia good night robbie I will see you . julia thanks Holly . Holly slam the door . glen bye , bye guy . Robbie look stunne . {continued ) 73 . continued : holly whew . that 's over . now what do you want to do ? ext . holly and julia' house - night - a short time later Robbie park he car and he and Holly get out . robbie ocontinue ) I be tell you I do not trust that guy . I do not know why Julia would ever want to deal with that . holly simple . the guy 's gorgeous and he 's load . what I do not get be why you be so bum out about it ? do you like she or something ? robbie no , it just seem like a girl like she should be with someone more ... like she . not a piece of self center dog shit . holly look , who know what chemistry happen between people when they be alone , you know ? robbie I guess . holly you know what I keep think about ? robbie what ? holly the soft kiss from the other night . it look really nice . do it feel good ? robbie well ... I do not remember really . I think so . holly could I refresh you memory ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : robbie look , Holly I do not think this be such a ... she kiss he a long soft kiss . it break . holly mmm ... that be good . I would like to try it once without clothes on . robbie well , yeah , but ... look , Holly you be really a attractive girl but I be just ... holly look . let I make this easy on you . if you come upstairs , you be gonna get laid . robbie wow . get laid . wow ... it 's just I guess I be not in that space yet where you be ready , you know ? holly I guess I know . I mean , I have hear . just promise I you will let I know when you be out of that space . robbie I will alert you right away , okay ... well thanks for the practice kiss . I be gonna take off , but I have fun , okay . holly okay , good night . robbie good night . Holly look frustrated and head into the house . int , holly and julia' house - morning after Holly be cooking up a storm . sausage , fry egg . everything that represent someone with a bad hangover nightmare . Julia find she way in look brutalize . she find she way toa chair . holly Morning , sunshine . ( continued ) 75 . continued : julia shhhh ... you be my friend , remember . dulcet tone . holly ( whisper ) can I fix you some breakfast ? julia you can not mention food at all until I give you the high sign , which be this . Julia , with difficulty , wink and give the thumb up . holly get it . julia you be look awfully cheerful this morning . holly I do not drink a bottle of tequila last night . Julia cover she face , humiliate . julia ugh . do I do anything too awful ? holly just the usual . recited a little T. s. elliot and vomit . julia I do not vomit on anyone do I ? holly a little on my shoe . but luckily , I be wear you shoe . silence while Holly cook and Julia muse . finally . julia so , do anything happen with Robbie ? holly not much . a kiss . a longer version of that practice soft kiss he give you . he 's a really good kisser . ( continued ) continued : 76 . julia who kiss who ? do you kiss he or do he kiss you ? holly I kiss he . julia and it do not go any further ? holly naw . I do not want to push it . the guy 's be through alot . he 's not really ready for anyone yet . but he 's promise I I be the first one he 's go to call . julia really . that 's great . holly yeah . I could really dig he . julia he 's a great guy . holly he do not like you guy , I will say that . julia what do you mean ? what do he say ? holly I can not remember . he say alot of stuff . one thing be that you should be with someone more like you . oh and that Glen be a piece of self center dog shit . julia he say that ? holly yeah . anyway , no biggie . this guy be not go to like any couple right about now . julia I guess so . holly so you think I should play it really cool , right ? no show up in he bed uninvite ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : julia what ? oh , yeah . really cool . I will be back in a little , okay buddy . the smell of this food be really get to my ... well , somewhere in charge of the queasy . be back soon . thanks again for let I throw up on you foot . holly that 's what they be there for . ext . STREET - day - cont . action Julia be walk along alone , lose in think . try to decide whether or not to go to Robbie 's . she stop ata street sign and look up . which direction do I take ? do I dare ? int . robbie' apartment - day Robbie be at he piano sing . the song he sing be the Beatles song , " Julia " . robbie ( sing ) half of what I say be meaningless but I say it just to reach you ... julia ext . STREET / crossroad ~ day as though Julia can hear Robbie 's song she decide to go to he house and turn up the block . the sunshine on she face , he voice pull she . robbie ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) julia , julia , ocean child call I ... so I sing the song of love ... julia ... Julia stop on the street to fix she make -up . she shake out she hair and start re-doing she eye make - up and she lip . robbie ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) julia ... seashell eye , windy smile call I ... so I sing a song of love ... julia ... Julia stand , check she overall look in the mirror , she face , she hair . she be nervous . ( continued ) 78 . continued : robbie ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) her hair of floating sky be shimmering , glimmering in the SUN ... ext . julia on the STREET - day - cont . action she be now almost directly in front of Robbie 's house . she slow she pace hearing music from inside . she creep across he lawn to he basement window to hear the lyric . robbie ( 0.s. ) marry I into alert ... find my soul , loose my shirt ... I want to grow old with you ... you look so new , so young to I ... have so much fun with I ... now as then as always ... forever and always ... wearing my ring ... the mermaid would sing ... Julia be move and about to knock on the door when the phone ring she pause . int . robbie' apartment - day - cont . action he quickly answer the phone . robbie ( irritate ) yeh , oh yeah , Rich how're you ?... good , good ... Saturday ? no , I be not do anything ... the 119 ... be not that over on powis Terrace ?... yeah , yeah , I will do it . what kind of music ?... fast and slow . well that 's easy to remember ... all right , see you then . he hang the phone up . ext . robbie 's apartment - day - cont . action Julia be still there but we can see that now that the music have stop she 's lose she nerve . she do however open she purse and write down the address of 119 on a receipt with she lip pencil . and then go half run down the street . ext . club 119 - saturday night the place be really rock , we can hear the music from inside . Robbie 's sing " just can not get enough " by depeche mode , but not with he usual band . ( continued ) 79 . continued : robbie ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) and when it rain , i'm walking down the STREET , I just can't get enough , I just can't get enough ... we see Julia and Glen pull up outside and get out of the car . the attendant take the car away . the couple make they way into the club towards Robbie 's voice . int . club 119 - night - cont . action Robbie be on stage sing he gut out until he see Glen and Julia , which cause he to make a little glitch in he performance , but he recover quickly . Julia wave lamely , Glen head for the bar ogling chick subtly as he make he way . Robbie finish sing he up - beat song to a huge response from the crowd . robbie all right , we be gonna slow thing down with spandau ballet 's " true " . the band start in . robbie ( continue , sing ) I know this much be true ... everybody begin slow dance . one dancing guy be mouth the word along with Robbie . Glen begin to slow dance with Julia . his hand on she ass . Robbie can not bear to see this , he shift gear . robbie ( continue ) hey , you know all the word right ? the Dancing guy nod . robbie come up here and sing it . the Dancing guy come up on stage . Robbie hand he the mic . the guy start sing , it 's way off . Robbie come down off the stage . julia could you get I a drink , honey ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : glen sure . tequila ? julia perfect . Robbie make he way through the crowd toward Julia , as Glen head back to the bar . he arrive at she side . there be tension in the air big time . robbie hey . julia hey . robbie feeling better ? julia what ? oh , oh that , yeah , I ... yeah , I be better . you ? robbie I be fine . beat. robbie ( continue ) I do not know you know about this place . julia I do not really . someone tell I about it . I do not know you play here . robbie I do not usually , I be fill in for a friend . julia oh ... robbie julia so be you ... how be you ... robbie ocontinue ) you go . ( continued ) 81 . continued : julia no , you . robbie be all you plan pretty much settle ? julia what plan ? robbie the wedding . julia oh that . I guess so . beat . julia ( continue ) Holly say you have fun the other night . robbie we do ? I guess we do . they fall silent . lawrence join they . lawrence well , look who 's here . what a surprise ! where 's Glen ? julia at the bar . lawrence good place to be . the guy on stage be sing terribly . lawrence Robbie why do not you go rescue the audience from this guy .? robbie oh yeah , I will . well ... good to see you . julia you too . Robbie head back to the stage . lawrence be leave with Julia . ( continued ) ee eee el continued : 82 . lawrence can I ask you a really weird favor before you fiancee get back ? julia sure . lawrence do not take this the wrong way , but get out of here . he can not see you with Glen . it 's kill he . Robbie ... julia why be it kill ...? lawrence he do not like to see anybody in love . especially , you know , maybe you . this be not a great conversation for we to have . just take my word for it and go . you be a nice person . the Dancing guy be now sing foreigner 's " head game , " and be totally into it . he will not give the mic back to Robbie . Robbie stand there , shaking he head . Glen arrive with the drink . glen here you go babe . Julia downs it . julia thanks sweetie . you have meet lawrence , have not you ? glen hey . lawrence . hi.. julia glenie , this place be a little loud for I , could we split ? maybe go to the Front and Center ? glen sure , hamhock . i'11 get the car. {to lawrence ) see ya . { continued ) 83 . continued : he go . julia thanks lawrence . this whole thing be a accident . I do not mean for it to happen . I be suppose to love Glen . lawrence I totally understand . julia do not tell anybody , okay ? lawrence rely on I . I be the vault . she kiss he quickly . julia thanks . tell he good - bye . I could not stay , whatever ... tell he ... lawrence ( interrupt ) I will handle it . julia nite . lawrence ( to himself ) she do smell good . she go , lawrence watch she . Robbie be on stage , still without the mic , watch Glen and Julia go . int . robbie' apartment - day - cont . action Robbie struggle to write he love song . robbie ( sing ) julia , julia morning noon touch I ... so I sing the song of love ... julia ... when I cannot sing my heart I can only speak from 0.s. we hear Robbie 's brother - in - law , Andy , get orally pleasure by he sister interrupt he song . ( continued ) 84 , continued : andy ( 0.s. ) oh yeh , do not stop please , right like that ... Robbie look up at he wall calendar . the date be circle and it say , " andy'' birthday . " andy ( 0.s. ) oh Jesus , my nipple , my nipple , do my nipple ... Robbie go mad from the noise and grab he earphone to stop the familial sex . int . lawrence's limo - day - en route to the big CITY Robbie be wear a suit . he look pre-occupy . lawrence Robbie hart write commercial jingle . I be sorry , I just do not see it . robbie you do not have to see it , I just have to do it . lawrence you have yet to give I a comprehensible reason as to why . robbie what be I go to do , be a wedding singer all my life ? I have to make a live , a income that enable I to move out of my sister basement where I listen to blow job and nipple twist and ... oh God , be it any wonder no decent woman would marry I ? I have get to get one of that upwardly mobile income make job . do not you see ? lawrence I see . I see . and write jingle guarantee some fabulous life-style ? robbie well , it 's a start . it 's all I can think of at the moment . it 's better than be a wedding singer . I mean , what be I go to do , be a third baseman for the Red Sox > I have to start somewhere . ( continued ) continued : beat . pause . pause . 85 . lawrence I think you be go to write song . robbie I do too . but I get stick . so , in the meantime I have to do something else . okay ? lawrence okay . okay . settle down killer . lawrence ( continue ) this would not by any chance have something to do with want a girl like Julia whose engage to a guy whose load would it ? : robbie no ! and I totally resent you line of question . if you be not my friend I would ... robbie ( continue ) I be sorry man , I 'ma little on edge . robbie and it do have a little to do with that . her . but I do not want to talk about it . the jingle be bad enough . lawrence okay . robbie if I talk about it it will be more real or something . now I just think about she eye and she hair and she soft mouth ... lawrence geeze , I might have to pull over and start jerk off . Robbie 's not listen . ( continued ) 86 . continued : robbie ( continue ) could you turn up the radio . I be tired . lawrence sure . pause . he turn it up . lawrence ( continue ) hey , whose nipple be get twisted , you sister 's or you brother 's ? Robbie shoot he a look . ext . rosie' house - afternoon Julia come up the walk carry music paper . she hear rosie 's sing a improve wobbly rendition of " if I love you " . rosie ( continue , sing ) soon you'd leave I , off you would go in the mist of day ... never , never to know how I love ' you if I love you ... Julia climb the stair and knock at the door nervously . rosie answer the door . julia hello rosie . I do not know if you remember I I be ... rosie ( interrupt ) surely I remember you . surely my dear . you be lovely Roberts friend . his true love . julia yes , well I be wonder if Robbie be here ? I bring he something and ... rosie oh no , angel . Robert have give up teach . he 's go to try he hand as write jingle in the big city . ( continued ) 87 . continued : julia what ? rosie oh , now dear it 's completely understandable be not it ? he want to make a live , hit it big as they say . you know , live in a big house with wide window and ... lamp . you can not expect he to live forever with he sister and the deviant sex that go on there . julia I have get to go find he . rosie you do . he 's the one for you . you can not fool a old woman . you can trip she and make face behind she back , but you can not fool she . so stop fool yourself and move quickly . bye bye . julia bye bye rosie , thanks . Julia run down the stair . ext . robbie' apartment - evening Julia be sit on the stoop wait for Robbie , she gift to he the composition paper be still in she hand . lawrence 's limo drive up and Robbie , still in a suit , get out of the car , not see Julia at first . he start up the walk , fumble for he key . Julia stand defiantly ( for she ) . robbie Julia , what be you do ... julia ninterrupt ) I go by rosie 's look for you and she say you quit teach and go to the city to make it big write commercial jingle . how could you abandon that nice old lady just to make money ? robbie what be you so upset about ? yeh , I go to make a live all right ? like the rest of the world . I be tired of live like a rat in a hole , sing at wedding watch people life work out and do favor for everybody , okay ? favor do not exactly pay the rent , you know ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : julia you be one of the kindest most generous people I know . that 's what everybody love about you . you be go to throw that away write song about gum ? robbie what 's wrong with want to make money ? julia it 's just that I think you be different , that 's ail . I think you be above all that material bullshit . robbie like you , you mean ? what exactly be you marrying Mr. guglia there for ... money , security , luxury ? Cause from where I sit it 's certainly not he soul . julia fuck you . she start off . robbie ( to she back ) look , I be sorry , I do not mean to say that . I be sure Glen have alot of fine quality when you be alone with he . Julia turn angrily and throw the sheet music . it fly everywhere . julia here . I get this music paper for you to write you fuck song on . he try to collect the float papers . robbie Julia ... she pull away in she car . Robbie helplessly watch she go , haplessly deal with the runaway paper . he look at one of the sheet . inscribe at the top be , '' word and Music , Robert J. hart " . he pick up another and another . they all say the same thing . 89 . int . elbow room bar ~- night Robbie be at the bar get drunk . the juke box be play '' that 's how strong my Love be " by otis redding . robbie innkeeper ! bartender the same ? robbie keep they ' come till ' I resemble someone who do not give a shit . the bartender pour Robbie a shot of tequila . a man next to Robbie lean over to he . stranger have a little woman trouble , chum ? robbie well , I do not have my period if that 's what you mean . ( beat ) at least I think I do not . ( beat ) God , that would be awful . stranger well see , there be a bright side to whatever 's ail you . ( beat ) do not mean to pry , but what would the bitch do to you ? screw you best buddy ? walk out on you ? robbie worse . she never walk in on I . and she 's marrying some handsome , rich bastard in like a week . stranger that be rough . ( beat ) never even get a shot at she , you say ? robbie not even close . ( beat ) well , there be this kiss ... you know the kind . ( continued} continued : 90 . stranger ( nodd ) the kind you whole family feel . robbie yeah . ( beat ) only hopefully not my sister . stranger that kiss be not usually one sided , you know . electricity flow both way . I mean , the lady 's not marry yet , be she ? robbie no , but ... stranger but nothing . alot can happen in a week . shit , my friend Ken lose he leg in nam in about four minute . robbie so you be say ... stranger I be say make you move . you get nothin ' to loose and all that electricity to gain . I be say if you do not do it you will spend half you life wonderin’ what woulda happen if you do . Robbie fish for money in he pocket and slap it on the counter . robbie you be right . I be go over there now and tell she how I feel . stranger that 's my man . robbie what 's the worst thing that could happen ? that I will look like a fool ? stranger be not you that already ? robbie yes ! thanks man . you be my type of person . ( continued ) continued : 91 . stranger luck to you . robbie sorry about you friend ken. he go . the stranger sit alone . int . julia' bedroom - night - cont . action Holly be help Julia try on she wedding dress . Julia be distract , almost in tear . they hug . julia Holly , do you like Glen ? holly sure , honey . what 's not to like . he 's rich , he 's handsome , he 's charming . he 's get it all . and now he 's really get it all cause he 's get you . Julia cry . holly ocontinue } look sweetie ... it 's natural to have this doubt and stuff before you take the plunge , believe I . julia be it ? holly sure it be . Marriage be a big deal . I mean , you would be a robot if you just waltze through it breezily . julia some people I seem to do that . I mean they seem so sure . holly cuz , everybody look swell from the outside . and the next thing you know they kill all they co-worker . julia Robbie do not think that Glen have a soul . ( continued ) 92 . continued : holly well , a man can not have everything . julia be serious . holly what 's the deal with you take Robbie hart 's observation so seriously ? julia I do not know . holly well , do not you think you should figure it out before you get marry ? julia how do I figure it out ? holly do what people do in same moment . talk to he about it . julia you think ? holly look , the guy 's a real cute guy , okay ? he stop my clock a little . julia oh , hol , I be sorry . holly oh please , I have get a pretty sensitive timepiece , what 's one more or less . just do yourself a favor and have it out with this soul king before you ride into the sunset with charm boat , okay ? julia ( smile ) okay . they both smile and hug . ext . julia' house - night - cont . action Robbie 's Pov from the street . he see the two woman smile and happy , Julia in she wedding dress . he be so defeat by the image of joy he cannot go through with he mission . he walk away , head down , hand in pocket . 93. int . elbow room bar - night - a short time later the stranger be still in the bar , drink and watch football on t.v.. Robbie walk in , crestfallen , sit next to the Stranger stranger so ? robbie leg blow off in four minute . . stranger too bad . sorry about that . ( call to bartender ) rudy ! rudy yo ! stranger bring my friend here a double . robbie you have be so great to I through all of this and I do not even know you name . j.d. j.d. Mc guire attorney at law , gambler , womanizer and local drunk . you ? robbie Robbie hart . starve artist , fail hetro , relentless do - gooder and novice drunk . j.d. welcome , Robbie . you have come to the right place . well , you have come to the wrong place , but until thing be put right it will have to do . they both down they drink . j.d . will you come outside for a stroll Mr. hart ? I have a great fear of die from second hand smoke inhalation . if I die of anything I want to do it myself . ( continued ) 94 , continued : robbie right behind you . ext . elbow room bar ~ night - cont . action as they exit the bar j.d. and Robbie run smack into Glen and some of he buddy from the engagement party . also in they Party be some pretty sleazy girl . glen well , well , well ... what do we have here ? it 's little Robbie the wedding singer . robbie hey Glen , this be my friend j.d.. j.d. how do ? glen doin ' fine thanks . havin ' a little pre - bachelor , bachelor party here . and do not you go on snitchin ' on I to Julia you little fruit , you here I ? j.d . this be the guy ? robbie ( to j.d. ) that 's he . ( to Glen ) look Glen , I be cool about you guy gettin ' marry I guess , but you better treat she right . you know , no runnin ' around . cherish she and all that . glen hey , just because you girl stand you up at the altar , do not take it out on I . j.d. haul off and punch Glen . Glen stagger back back and then fly at Robbie , sock he in the face . glen there 's more where that come from punk if you open you apple pie mouth to my lady , you hear ? ext . robbie' apartment - night - some time later we see Linda sit look very dolled up , wait for Robbie no matter how long it take . she check she watch and ( continued ) 95 . continued : sigh , but be determine . finally we hear Robbie drunkenly sing from up the street . robbie ( continue , sing ) longing to tell you , but afraid and shy , i'd let my golden chance pass I by ... Linda check she face in she compact . she pat she nose , take one more look then snap it shut with satisfaction . Robbie stumble up the walk still sing , slurring . robbie ( continue , sing ) soon you'd leave I , off you would go in the mist of day , never never to ... he see Linda . robbie Linda , what be you do here ? you be a leave person , not a show up person . this be all wrong . be go ! linda and you be usually a sober person not a drunk one . see ? people can change . I want to come back . we can have everything we always want , but better . robbie but see , drunk people pass out , wake up , be hungover . leave people , on the other hand ... you be so good at leave , Linda . you will never be as good at come back . linda I be here to make thing better Robbie . look , I know I have act badly , but I be afraid . and I know you , I know how good you be . you will forgive I . she 's touch he face gently . as soon as she do this he start to purr , slowly pass out . linda you will be all right baby , everything 's all right . Linda 's back , Linda and Robbie be back together again . ( continued ) 96 . continued : he be out . ext . robbie' apartment - the following morning a very nervous look Julia come up the walkway readying herself for she talk with Robbie . she head down the flight of stair . int . robbie' hallway - morning - cont . action Julia come down the hall and find herself in front of Robbie 's door . the moment have arrive . she collect herself , take a deep breath and knock . after a minute Linda answer the door wear Robbie 's football jersey with almost nothing on underneath . linda May I help you ? julia uh ... well , yeah I think so , I be ... she take in Linda 's attire and the ramification of it . linda yes ? julia you're ... you be Linda be not you ? linda yes . as a matter of fact I am. Linda lerner . and you be ? julia Julia Sullivan . be Robbie here by any chance ? linda I be afraid he 's indispose . ( smile , whisper ) shower . julia oh. well , God , I really want to ... linda ( interrupt ) want to what ? the two woman look at one another . ( continued ) — ss — _ — eh 97 . continued : julia nothing . just maybe tell he I drop by . okay ? linda I surely will . Julia . julia thanks . she go . linda nclose the door ) no problem . int . robbie' apartment ~ morning - cont . action - Robbie be pass out on the bed in he short . there be scramble egg over at the stove . Linda have obviously make herself at home . Robbie stir hearing the sound of the door close . robbie ( mutter ) huh ? what 's happen ? who be that ? linda wrong apartment . look for you sister I think . robbie Linda ? linda that 's I . I have scramble you egg just the way you like they . Robbie sit up in bed , struggle against the sunlight . he have a slightly blacken eye . he do not look well . robbie Linda , what be you do here ? linda . I tell you last night bunny , I realize my mistake and I be so so sorry and I know I can figure out some way to make it up to you cause I want to come back . Robbie stare at she . ( continued ) continued : she nod . 98. robbie you want to come back ? robbie ( continue ) you slaughter I in front of thousand of people and leave I to die and now you want to come back . linda why do not we talk about this when you be feel better . robbie I will never feel better than this regard this topic . Linda , thanks for the egg , thanks for the apology , thanks for the memory , please go . linda but ... robbie ( stop she ) nope , that 's it . conversation over . get out of my jersey and go back to you life . bye . linda you do not mean it . ext . robbie' apartment ~ day - a short time later Linda be shove out of Robbie 's apartment clothed , regain she balance . linda thank God we do not marry Robbie hart . because you sir be not who I think you be , robbie maybe not . but at least I be not a putz anymore . besides , I realize I be never really in love with you cause now I be really in love with someone else . he slam the door . Linda look around to see if anyone see . she straighten herself and go . 99 . int . glen' bedroom - later on that morning Glen be in bed still asleep and bear the mark of a small bruise where j.d. hit he the night before . he be sleep soundly , hungover , when Julia burst in the room and jump on the bed , shaking he awake . julia Glen ! Glen ! wake up ! c'mon it 's I ... you have to wake up honey it 's important ! glen whoa , whoa baby ... where 's the fire ? gimmie a second to get my bearing . he rub he sore jaw . julia it 's just that I have be think about it and I think why spend all this money on some big ceremony . I do not need a ceremony . married be marry , right ? through Glen 's haze , the importance of what Julia just say hit he . he smile big . glen that 's what I always say . but why this energetic change of heart ? julia this be how I change my mind . it 's enthusiasm . you know woman . some woman when they want to do something , they want to do it . and I be like that , this , sometimes . I just realize I have never see Vegas and all that light and we could have a heart shape bed and all . we be not marrying a bunch of people , we be marrying each other . so let 's go , the two of we . now . right now . glen right now ? but honey , I have not even brush my tooth yet and ... we have get to cancel thing and ... julia ( interrupt ) Glen , do you love I ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : glen I ask you to marry I do not I ? julia then brush you tooth , cancel stuff and let 's go . glen Fine with I . this be what I want to start with . julia you say that . int . reception hall - night it be rosie and Frank 's 50th wedding anniversary . all they geriatric friend , child and grandchild smile and sway to rosie 's rendition of " if I love you " . there be tear in many guest eye , include Frank . Robbie watch proudly from one side . rosie stand center stage , Frank on she leave , Robbie on she extreme right play gently on the guitar . rosie sing as well as we have hear she , with much warmth and confidence . rosie ( continue , sing ) longing to tell you , but afraid and shy i'd let my golden chance pass I by , soon you'd leave I ... off you would go in the mist of day , never , never to know , how I love you , if I love you ... everyone applaud wildly . Frank and rosie embrace warmly . there be alot of emotion in the room . rosie return to the mic . rosie as alot of you know that song be play when I meet Frank , who be dating my cousin at the time . if I love he ? oh , I be mad about the boy . too bad for maxine , but she turn out to be a lesbian anyway ... I think she 's here tonight ... ( she wave ) hi maxine ! agnes ! anyway , not to hog the mic anymore , I want to ask my sing teacher Mr. Robert hart , without whom none of this , my sing , would be possible . ( continued ) 101 . continued : people applaud . rosie ( continue ) I want to see if he would play that special song he do so well by Mr. Al Green . would you do it for we Robbie ? please ? Robbie look reluctant , but rosie and the audience cheer he on till ' he arrive at the mic . rosie embrace he . rosie shake a tail feather , Mr. hart . the band begin to play , Robbie begin to sing . robbie ( sing ) _ I , i'm so in love with you , whatever you want to do ... be all right with I cause you make I feel so brand new ... I want to spend my whole life with you ... the old couple be dance . int . glen' car - en route to airport - night - cont . action Glen be tapping on the dash board . Julia be look very nervous . glen I can not wait to hit that casino 's . Julia do not know how to respond . she nod awkwardly and look out the window terrify . she be marrying a stranger . int . reception hall - night - cont . action Robbie be still sing . everyone be dance . all the old couple be now make out . there be love in the air . robbie ( sing ) we ought to stay together , loving you whether , whether time be good or bad or happy or sad ... c'mon let' stay together ... loving you whether , whether ... the audience cheer , rosie come over and take he face in she hand . suddenly , over the applause we hear j.d. 's voice come out of she mouth . ( continued ) 102 . continued : j.d. / rosie I be say if you do not do it you will spend half you life wonderin' what woulda happen if you do . Robbie look at she in disbelief . robbie what do you just say ? rosie I say thank you dear boy , you be my favorite human be . robbie . rosie , would you excuse I , please ? I just remember something of extreme urgency I have to do . rosie ( smile ) give she my love . Robbie hug she quickly . robbie you be the best . he turn to the band . robbie ( continue ) gotta go guy . something I really gotta do . you will be fine without I . band member # 1 see you at Julia 's deal tomorrow night . band member # 2 no , man , do not you hear ? that 's be cancel . robbie when do you hear that ? band member # 2 today , I guess . robbie for sure ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : band member # 2 for damn sure . robbie okay , bye . thanks guy ... Robbie be smile as he charge through the guest and out of the reception hall . rosie smile watch he go . ext , reception hall - night - cont . action Robbie run out of the reception hall en route to he crappy car . lawrence drive up in he limo . lawrence ( call ) hey buddy , wanna ride ? Robbie smile at the sight of he friend . he run to the car and jump in . robbie take I to Julia 's . she cancel she wedding ! lawrence well , she may have cancel the ceremony , but I just take some folk out to the airport and I see Glen and Julia check in for a flight to Vegas . robbie shit ! damn ! all right ... all right ... Change of plan . go to the airport . lawrence what be you gonna do ? hijack they plane ? robbie I be go to do something . I be formulate my plan , okay . just ... let 's go ! int . airport - night - cont . action Glen and Julia be board they flight . glen here we be 3a and 3b . Glen head for the window seat . ( continued ) 104 . continued : julia honey , would you mind let I sit in the window seat ? I have never see Vegas . glen oh baby , no can really do . I hate the aisle . that drink mobile brush my big shoulder , on top of every high roller . you be a dainty thing , they will not crush you as much . tell you what , you can lean over I when we fly over the strip , okay ? julia ( faintly ) sure . Glen nestle into the window seat . Julia sit ina funny position at he side , not want to touch he with she body . int . limo - night - cont . action Robbie be on the phone to Holly find out the detail of Julia 's whereabouts . robbie ( continue ) where ? the treasure Island wedding Chapel ... eight o'clock ... get it . thanks Holly , you be the best ... - I will tell he . he hang up and turn to lawrence . robbie ( continue ) she say you leave you underwear at she house . lawrence barely react . robbie ( continue ) I assume she 's kid . they arrive at the airport . lawrence we do it pal . we do it all night . robbie and she do not mind you breath ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : lawrence ( interrupt ) I have my tongue scrape . worked like a charm . robbie congratulation . lawrence good luck . he smile and drive off . Robbie run into the airport . ext . las vega airport - night - a short time later Glen and Julia get into a cab with they overnight bag . int . airplane - night - a short time later Robbie be now on the plane . he have piece of the paper Julia give he and a pen . he be try to write a love song for Julia and get a little attention in the process . robbie ( sing ) electricity flow both way in kiss of that kind ... ext . treasure island HOTEL - night - a short time later all the glitter light of Vegas fail to illuminate Julia 's downcast demeanor . Glen be itching to get he finger on some lucky card . ext . airplane - night - a short time later Robbie be comming of the plane and move fast . a man with a mission . int . treasure island HOTEL - night - cont . action Julia and Glen head towards the treasure Island Chapel . they arrive at the door . the sign read , " walk the plank at treasure Island " . glen well babe , here we be . let 's do what we gotta do . Julia look at he in horror . 106 . int . cab - las vega strip - night - cont . action Robbie strain forward as if to get to the hotel quick . robbie can not you go any faster ? driver I have be inform by the state of nevada that any further traffic infraction will result in the suspension of my license . settle down kid . whatever it be it will wait . robbie ( sit back , to himself ) not this ... the cab arrive at the treasure Island Hotel and Robbie jump out of the cab . he pay the driver and run into the hotel clutching he piece of paper . int . treasure island HOTEL - night - cont . action Robbie tear into the hotel and locate the front desk . robbie ( breathless ) can you tell I where the chapel be ? I be look for the guglia wedding ... Glen and Julia guglia . receptionist dust one moment , sir . robbie Julia guglia ... ugh , one more reason she can not marry this asshole . she disappear and consult a computer . Robbie can not stand the wait . he be burst . in the background we hear a jackpot bell ring and . a woman 's voice scream . the receptionist return . receptionist I be sorry sir , that wedding have already take place . it be schedule for eight o'clock . robbie ( crestfallen ) be you sure ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : receptionist I be sorry , sir . Robbie start to walk away from the desk . robbie ( over he shoulder ) thank you . he look around and find the most convenient bar and cross to it . int . treasure island bar - night - cont . action Robbie stand at the bar with what little enthusiasm he have leave for life and he look around . suddenly he see , he think he see , someone that look like Julia sit alone at the bar . he move around to secure a better vantage point and see that yes , it be Julia . his mind race , he spy the band and be a smatter of applause . the guitarist step up to the mic and make a announcement . guitarist and now a friend of ours from out of town would like to dedicate a song he write for Julia . the guitarist hand Robbie the mic . Julia look up , at first confuse , then amaze , then delighted to see Robbie there . robbie ( into mic , clear he throat ) this song be tentatively entitle , " be Love you so much that nothing else matter in my life but you , you be a goddess , a Miracle , a angel with wing , and Holy shit you smell good " , ( look sheepish ) I realize it 's a long title , but I be work on it . the band start to play as Robbie sing . ( continued ) 108 . continued : robbie ( continue , sing ) I have something for you , I don't know what it be , but it know itself and it know you , it be yours I think , a big corney thing with I , inside it's stunned waiting for the shoe to drop , a thing for you that have taken I hostage , and asked for you in ransom , it made I write this song ... the audience applaud . people push she on stage she hug he . robbie ( continue ) where 's Glen ? julia I could not marry he . he do not have a soul . they kiss , the softest longest best kiss a lounge in Vegas have ever see . the audience cheer and someone else hit the jackpot and scream life be good .