the getaway by walter Hill this screenplay be dedicated to raoul walsh base on the novel by Jim Thompson final revised shoot script February 23 1972 note : scene number and " omitted " slug be removed from this copy . fade in : card over : sanderson prison ext . prison yard - title over - day doc mccoy be be walked across the compound by a uniformed guard , carry a riot gun . other prisoner around the yard turn and stare as the two man head for the main building . int . prison corridor doc walk down the bleak hallway : a black prisoner pass Doc in the corridor , they slap hand ... the Guard remain at he shoulder . near the end of the passage another Guard clang open a bar door and allow Doc and the first Guard to enter the room where he stand sentry . int . hearing room - day a long table have be set up at the head of the room , several prison official and parol board member be seat face the length of the room . seat at one end of the table be a irish look man ; floridly handsome and a bit overweight , he red hair be beginning to grey . the nameplate in front of he read J. beynon . Doc enter the room and seat himself near two other prisoner , the guard stand back against the wall . ( continued ) 2 . continued : another table have be set up ; this one near the seat prisoner , for they legal counsel -- several lawyer examine papers before they , wait for the hearing to begin . a man at the center of the large table clear he throat , then begin to speak . chairman I think we can begin ... first parole request Carter " Doc " mccoy ... be legal counsel present ? a man rise from behind the lawyer ' table . lawyer yes . Eugene Stewart represent Mr. mccoy . doc watch ... take it all in . at the table the man check the papers before he . chairman ( he voice a bored drine ) Carter mccoy , one to five year sentence for armed robbery , first offense in the State of Texas , want by the State of Ohio for assault with a deadly weapon and armed robbery ... lawyer the State of Ohio have wave jurisdiction , Mr. Chairman . they no longer seek Mr. mccoy in connection with that case . chairman ( adjust he papers ) that be correct . very well . Mr. mccoy have serve four year of he sentence . prison record satisfactory . apply for parole on September 5th of this year ... the Chairman lower the paper , look across to the lawyer . chairman ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) remarks ? ( continued ) 3 . continued : lawyer we would only again like to call the committee 's attention to Mr. mccoy 's satisfactory behavior as a prisoner . chairman notice be take . he look down the table at the dark - suite man . chairman ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) the board meet in close chamber last week ... have you reach a decision regard Mr. mccoy 's request for parole ? doc his face be taut . at the table a second man look across to the Chairman . second man ( seat near beynon ) request for parole be deny . the prisoner may re-apply in one calendar year . doc lower he eye , then look up at he lawyer . the lawyer avoid Doc 's glance . , he shuffles the papers in front of he , begin stuff they into he briefcase . at the table the chairman flip he paper to a new page chairman ( still totally without emotion ) very well . the next request for parole be from John doty . be legal counsel present ? voice ( o.s. ) yes . chairman Mr. doty be serve five to twelve year for embezzlement of corporate fund . doc' jaw tightens ... he again look at the floor doc playing chess with a old con in a bleak work room - tear , magazine , beat up radio , butt can fill with sand . 4. ext . prison gate - angle doc and other prisoner run out of the gate leading to the tractor drive cart that will take they to they work area . ext . edge of forest doc and work party have already arrive at the forest and begin to cut , file and burn brush . they be always guard by guard , some on horseback . ext . prison compound - day doc leans against a wire fence chewing on a oven match , he watch the other prisoner aimlessly wander around the exercise yard . int . prison commissary - day doc be stand in line with the other prisoner , starchy puddle of food be be ladle out onto the metal trays ... int . prison toilet - day doc working with several prisoner , all of they on there hand and knee , clean a long line of open , filthy toilet ... a Guard stand nearby . doc showering in a OPEN stall with twenty men coarse soap and brownish yellow water ... Doc have a american Eagle tattooe on one shoulder . a sentry tower - dusk a guard look out over the empty exercise yard ... building contain bleak cell block stand beyond the open compound . int . cell block - night a warder jangle he key ring as he pass by the iron door cell . int . textile mill - a series of angle - day doc and other working . the noise of machinery be deafen . the clatter of the constantly work part be madden . int . cell - night doc lie across a SMALL cot within he shadow -crossed cell . he work carefully at a toothpick suspension bridge . Doc glue the final piece into place ... ( continued ) 5 . continued : around the cubicle he personal effect can be see , a picture of a attractive woman , several batter paperback . Doc continue look at the bridge ... then suddenly begin smash it to piece with he right fist . int . prison - visiting bungalow - day doc be seated ... waiting . carol enter the darken room and seat herself opposite Doc . they be separate by a wide table and net of wire mesh that spring upward from mid - point between they . carol ( big smile , she want the moment to be a upper ) hello , doc. he simply stare back at she . Carol 's finely hone feature compliment a face that at first glance be pretty , at a second glance show willful strength . Doc continue look at Carol . carol ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Doc be silent . carol ( cont 'd ) it 's be raining a lot the last few day . Doc be silent . carol ( cont 'd ) we will try again . doc no way . I have get to get out now . get to beynon , tell he I be for sale . his price . she look at he . doc ( cont 'd ) do it now . she hesitates , try to touch he through the mesh . get up and leave . Doc remain unmove . ext . country courthouse - san marcos , TEXAS - day 6 . carol move to the back of the large btjild and up a rear stairway toward the overhead office . int . courthouse carol enter a legal office , wearing a soft billowy dress . she look very good . a middle age secretary look up at Carol . a short bald man ( the accountant ) in he forty work at a large desk across the room from the Secretary . he seem totally occupy with he bookwork . near the accountant three men be seated on a davenport they be dress casually ; by the look of they they might be anything at all but all three have commonality ; they be professional . hayhoe - thirty year old , buck tooth and blue eye , a bitter ender . cully - well padded strength , large hand and wrist that pop out of he buttone shirtsleeve ... swain - a little older and a little smarter than the other two , he narrow feature allow no warmth . after a moment : secretary yes ? carol I want to see Jack beynon . the accountant nod to the Secretary , she point Carol towards a door lead to a inner office . secretary go right in , Mrs. mccoy . doc and carol - pace , part op body , emphasis on hand , in bed ... he hand touch the soft white skin beneath she stomach . back within the office the three men look after carol cully class - regular ? swain no. Doc mccoy 's old lady . ( continued ) 7 . continued : cully look startle . cully jesus. Carol ainsley ? swain the very same . cully the Doctor take out mcgovern for she . swain she only ride win - class easy class . accountant shut up . int . beynon' office carol enter . a woman' lip - flash CUT press against a man 's neck . she kiss , then bite a tiny portion of skin . back to beynon' office . he be pouring a drink . beynon how be you , Mrs. mccoy ? carol approach beynon' desk with a nervously determine stride carol ready to talk about my husband , Mr. beynon . beynon so the good Doctor come up again . ( then ) please sit down . carol he 's ask I to come and see you . beynon look at she ... then let they eye meet . beynon ( hand she a drink ) why ? can I help ? ( continued ) 8 . continued : carol yes , I think you can . a man' finger staring at the anklet on the woman' leg then draw a imaginary line upward ... a woman 's hand wear a wedding ring come up to meet it . int . sanderson prison office corridor - day a uniformed guard lead doc down the hallway , they turn a corner and go into a small private room , Doc be now dress in civilian clothes . Doc catch sight of himself in a small mirror . he stop look uncertainly at the image ... and then move on with the guard . ext . prison - day doc exit the prison and stand waiting near the auto gate . he look down the two -lane blacktop road that run along the edge of the penitentiary ... Doc turn , look again at the prison ... four year be a long time . a dark caddy be park down the road . int . caddy - day the accountant or swain sit behind the wheel . he stare at doc. Doc cross to he . accountant Mr. beynon will see you the day after tomorrow 12:30 at the River walk . he gesture and drive away . dissolve to : doc be still waiting he lean against a low stone wall that line the entrance way ... the duffel bag rest beside he . a late model Ford approach , stop near Doc ... the passenger side door open from the inside ... Carol be drive ... Doc and Carol look at one another , they eye hold several moment . int . ford - day 9 . both carol and doc be very tense . carol hello , doc. doc hi. carol you okay ? doc ( big smile ) I be a lot better off than I be a hour ago . they look at each other for a moment . Carol lean forward ... Doc , inhibit by the closeness of the prison wall , kiss she lightly , but with affection ... carol you want to drive ? doc my license expire , let 's get out of here . carol sure ... she start the car , slip it into gear . ext . highway the ford move along the deserted roadside , crossing the border and pass into the State of Texas . int . the ford doc alternately stare at the passing scenery , then back to Carol . carol I be sorry I be late ... I get my hair do ... the girl be slow . doc it look fine . a pause . carol feel good ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : doc yeah . carol where do you want to go ? doc I want to take a walk . he smile , then reach over and gently touch a strand of Carol 's hair . ext . river - grassy bank - series op angle - day they park the car and exit . doc move a little ahead of Carol . he sit on the bank watch the kid play . young boy swing on a rope that hang over the pall college kide , some be swimming , some studying , some just groove . a older couple sit on the bank , there feet in the water carol sit down not too close . doc be silent for long moment . Carol start to speak but do not . he be preoccupy , lose in he own thought . finally he stand , look down at she . he slowly take off he coat , fold it , lay it on the grass , then turn and start walk towards a tree . suddenly he take off he shoe , break into a run and dive for the rope . carol be already on her feet , her sweater off , shoe kick aside , she run after he and hit the water with a awkward splash . she be a brief second behind he . they come up together , and he laugh with the pure joy of be free and alive . she join he , in he laughter and with they arm around each other , they turn as they be sweep down stream . int . EL oso condominium - night through a OPEN window a portion of the exterior build can be see ... the interior be cozy and Carol . Carol have live here almost two year . on the wall there be a poster ( which will be on the wall of every room that they stay in from now on ) . ( continued ) 11 . continued : around the room be drying clothes . Carol be irone with a steam iron . Doc be sit at a table with a colt .45 in front of he and a .32 automatic . he be field stripping . there be a bowl of peach on the table . doc ( point to the poster ) it do not look like that . carol what do you mean ? you have never be there . doc I have be there every day for the last four year . she cross to he and give he a hug , then return to she irone . doc ( cont 'd ) what 's beynon get set up ? carol small town , small bank , big money . she hold up some 11 by 14 photograph in front of he . doc where do you get that ? carol I have be do my homework . doc just like old time ? carol better than old time . doc I hope so . I be not look forward to another stretch . carol I make a mistake . I will never make another one . doc ( after a moment ) where do you get they develop ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) carol assume name ... Houston . doc good . rafter a moment ) how much be the score ? carol half a million . doc that beynon 's get a long arm . carol ( after a moment ) what do you want for dinner ? doc Whisky and a peach . she laugh softly , and go to a cupboard and take out four bottle of whisky , four glass and a bowl of ice . Doc smile at she and begin sampling . carol ( as Doc eat a peach with a sharp knife ) how do it taste ? doc just the way I remember . Doc reach across the table and touch she hand gently . doc ( cont 'd ) you be okay ? carol pretty good ... make a quick trip to Oregon , see my brother and the kid . figure it would be my last chance , unless they want to travel . doc how 's estelle ? carol fatter ... some thing never change . ( continued ) 13 . continued : doc bore . carol nothing 's be boring since you find I . doc ( carefully ) that 's not all of it . carol no . it 's be a long time . a pause . he continue stroking she arm . doc you go out much ? carol after four year and now the question come up . doc could not handle it then . now I can . carol ( with warmth and a smile ) I be still here , Doc . he stand , kiss she gently . she stand and they move toward the stair . int . bedroom they enter the bedroom and sit side by side on the double bed . they both sit rigidly . Doc 's eye be on Carol , she stare vacantly expectant . Doc begin to unbutton she blouse , it come undone with agonizing slowness ... Carol pull she shoulder back help Doc drop the garment down to she waist . Doc hesitates , then carefully touch she shoulder ... she hair ... he kiss she ... Doc gently ease himself away from Carol . doc ( he be very tight ) oh Christ ... he again move close ... Doc reach around to unsnap she bra as Carol place both of she arm around he , hold he tightly ... ( continued ) 14 . continued : Doc unsnap the top fastener , the second one catch , remain unyield ... he close he eye for a second ... the pressure of the moment be again too intense for Doc . once more he pull gently away from she . Carol look at he , she eye very reassure . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I guess I be kind of ... carol it 's all right . doc ( explain the obvious ) it 's just be a while . carol we have get time . we have get a lot of time . I can help you . she stand , begin to remove she skirt . doc wait ... give I a minute . carol sure . she sit beside he again , take he hand in hers ... doc I will be okay . carol listen , I be just as nervous as you be . doc really ? carol really . they look at one another . a pause . he kiss she ; they embrace pull they back across the bed . carol ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) let I make you feel good , Doctor . but she have little chance as he begin to make love to she . dissolve to : 15 . a different angle doc and carol be lying in bed . carol how be it ? doc better than I remember . int . kitchen - morning doc wearing a robe be cooking egg and drinking whisky . Carol enter . carol I be go to fix you breakfast . doc you be asleep . carol I buy you a lot of new thing . she exit and return with some clothes . he look at they . doc yeah , well , I think I will stick with what I have get . carol suit yourself . they start eat . doc how much do beynon get ? a pause . Carol look directly at doc. carol $ 250,000 right off the top . doc be he straight ? carol you get the parole , do not you ? he pick up a fork and look through it , as if it be prison bar . she take he hand and gently take the fork from he . ( continued ) 16 . continued : doc thanks again . ( then ) I be glad you wait . carol ( simply ) I could not have ... much longer . doc yeah ... I know . carol but I get you out . do not I , doc. I do it . I get you out . Carol begin to laugh softly . doc why be you laugh ? carol I laugh when I feel happy . sometimes just think of you make I laugh . I have a lot of that . and other time that be not enough . I have a lot of that too . I know you find it hard to believe , I be happy just loving you . doc that do not hurt . carol but sometimes I cry a lot too . doc ( try to smile ) I do not . I just wait . carol ( deeply move ) want to cry now ? Doc smile , still hold she hand , lead she from the table . they can't keep there hand off each other and laughing with complete release they half carry each other into the bedroom . ext . river walk canal - san ANTONIO - day 17 . beynon be in the boat . lunch have be set . doc come aboard . doc you gotta be kid . beynon not at all , just a pleasant way to have lunch . Doc sit . pedal boat cut through the water in the background . beynon ( cont 'd ) glad to see you in civilian clothes . the accountant and swain be with beynon in the boat . apart from they two pedal boat come up behind beynon 's boat . cully and hayhoe be in one , and two other man be pedall along in a boat numbered 13 . doc all it take be a long arm . beynon hard to judge how this thing happen . the parole board almost never reverse they decision . doc ( sarcastic ) I guess it be because I be a model prisoner . beynon this be the only time you and I meet in public . any business with I , handle it with he ... beynon nod toward the accountant . he then turn and gesture toward the other two man . beynon ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you be back with you own people now . get you some professional . doc ( flat , hard ) I get my own help . ( continued ) 18 . continued : beynon ( quiet strength ) you run the job , but I run the show . you get two week to set it up . it 's not a big bank but it handle cash deposit for a oil company ... half a million ... it 's a family thing , the brother of the bank director be on the board of director at con - sol oil ... beacon City . beynon nod to the two man and they immediately begin to approach in they paddle boat . rudy butler -- hard eye and a easy smile ; obviously a heavy gun ... prank jackson -- young , mid-twenty , ruddy face and blond hair ; a small man with blank , insensitive feature . doc ( nod to cully , swain and hayhoe ) what about they ? beynon they be mine . the one with the moustache be my brother . they stay out of it . we stay clean . as the two man arrive ... beynon ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) rudy butler , Frank Jackson ... doc ( to rudy ) I hear about you . you work with Miller . rudy you be out of touch . cop blow he up . doc where ? rudy Chicago . doc you be with he ? rudy yeah . I get out . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) doc ( to Jackson ) what about you ? jackson I be backup man on a payroll job . ( as Doc look hard at he ) I hit some liquor store ... I drive good . rudy I drive . doc sure , ( to beynon ) you be work on the passport ... ( as beynon nod ) ... and visa ? beynon they will be ready . you guy do you job . doc ( irritate ) I will take care of my end . beynon ( big smile ) stay clean . int . HOTEL room beacon CITY - day three tripod have be set up near the heavily curtained window . on two of they huge set of binocular have be rack into place , beside they on a tripod be a lectern with notepad and pencil ... Doc and Carol peer through the binocular then write several notation on the paper . both Doc and Carol drink coffee from paper cup ... the residue of dinner serve on hotel trays lie about the room . Doc and Carol share a sandwich as they work . int . bank op beacon CITY - binoculars ' Pov through bank window the bank carry on its normal mid - day activity . a Guard enter the building quickly follow by the bank President . back in the HOTEL room carol and doc continue to eat while make further notation . 20 . int . beacon CITY bank - another day carol wearing inconspicuous wardrobe stand quietly in line before a teller 's window . as she reach the window : carol I would like a application for a check account . she get it , move to : a table . carol make out the application as she coolly and unobtrusively eye the bank . int . beacon CITY bank - day 5 ^ doc , wearing he suit and glass , stand at a teller be window . he move to the head of the line . he notice a tv camera and a want poster show the face of want bank robber . doc ( with a smile ) could I get change for this fifty please ? his eye alert and probing . ext . MAIN STREET beacon CITY - angle - day doc drop a letter into a corner mail BOX , then buy a paper from a coin dispenser . his eye find a beacon City policeman idly talk to a citizen ... a police car be near the Officer , the driver 's side door open ... mount on the dash be a shotgun . Doc tuck the paper under he arm and move off down the street . int . county engineer' office - day doc with briefcase be talking to a civil engineer . they both study the detail map of a city sewage system ... int . hardware store - beacon CITY - day jackson purchase a large pair of wire cutter . int . beacon CITY HOTEL - day carol cutting piece of material out of several watch cap with a pair of scissors . 21 . ext . used car lot - beacon CITY - day rudy , ranch dressed . , be buying a large flat bed . int . high walled room - day a large room without window . near the CENTER sit a big table pile with equipment , watch cap , several different color raincoat , a huge pair of wirecutter , road map , chemical container and four stick of dynamite , four visa and two passport and several padded U.S. Army , super bullet proof vest which be not vest at all , more a shield . rudy and Jackson stand near the table . Carol be seat . she nervously run she hand along the edge of one of the road map . Doc be hold one of the vest . the wall behind the table be dominate by diagram and map , and photo which show the interior of the beacon City Bank , the Bank vault , and several diagram of the main street of beacon City , a beacon City Police car , and a detailed reproduction of the beacon City main sewage system , include electrical wiring , a detailed road map of the town and various photo of a farmhouse and barn . doc ... Bank President , three teller and one guard ... carol ( cut in ) usually on the right side as you go in . doc nail he first , be careful he do not panic and want to shoot somebody . local police have one car , a rover , should not be in the vicinity at the time we hit unless it 's answer a emergency call ... if the cop car show up remember it do not have any automatic weapon . only a shotgun brace on the dashboard . get into a tight spot , you will be out of range at forty yard . then they be down to they side gun . carol for exit off Main Street . doc should be light traffic that time of day ... the Bank Guard carry a .38 . this will stop a m.2 at fifty yard . ( continued ) 22 . continued : he throw the vest on the table . doc ( cont 'd ) just in case someone get a shot off . rudy I work ten year without one , I do not need one now . doc suit yourself . rudy okay . how many bank exit ? doc two . rudy what about the vault ? doc Chambers - Reilly . time lock open 20 minute before they start do business ... rudy Wire pull over ? doc one-inch stuff on a three - number combination . rudy I be good at that . doc I be handle the fine stuff . you be back up all the way ... rudy ( smile ) whatever you need . to rudy and Jackson , Doc point to the map and farmhouse picture : doc keep go over this . I do not want anybody get lose . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) carol ( hold two passport and four visa hold together by a rubber band ) if we be clean gollie will take we over at nogales . if we be hot we will have to try laughlin at El paso . she hand Doc the visa , as she put the two passport in she bag . doc I will hang on to this . we do not need they till we get to gollieus . okay . any question ? rudy be not we go a little hard ? doc what do you have in mind ? rudy it 's just a walk - in bank . you do not have to be dillinger for this one . doc ( a long look at rudy ) dillinger get kill . Jackson and rudy begin to exit . the accountant enter . doc ( cont 'd ) ( to accountant ) tell beynon I want no mistake . I make four phone call , he boy better pick up . accountant I understand . doc beynon have to be alone at the drop ... one car at the ranch and that 's it . I will not have the money ... she will not know where it be until I be sure it 's clear . accountant he understand . doc make sure everybody do . 24 . int . beacon HOTEL - night doc and carol be getting ready for bed . it be the night before the robbery . Carol stand look in the mirror . carol you know how I feel ? doc my mind 's not on guess game . Carol turn away from the mirror . carol promise you will not laugh . doc ( shake he head ; smile ) if it 's funny I be go to laugh . carol I feel like the night before the first day of school . doc that bad ? Carol laugh . doc ( cont 'd ) you promise not to laugh . they both laugh . Long beat . Carol get into bed . Doc be already in bed . carol it will be such a relief not to have to think about it any more . doc wait 's hard . you never learn how . carol you know I have actually get tired wait sometimes ... wear out wait . doc at least you be outside . carol it do n!t make much difference where you be , if you be wait , Doc . ( continued ) 25 . continued : doc bullshit . carol I mean it . doc I know you do . but it be different . ( before she can interrupt suddenly up a notch ) it 's different . ( quieting down ) we will be all right tomorrow . carol we be always go to be all right tomorrow . I would like to be all right a few today . doc we be go to have a lot of that , ( easy , embrace she tightly ) we be just go to get the money and then go all the way . carol ( smile at he ) ... and live happily ever after . int . van - a watch face - day sweep second hand turning 8:35 . doc be hand - setting a bomb - timing mechanism attached to two stick of dynamite , two tube of naptha , a lot of prima cord and one small , dark percussion cap . carol sit behind the wheel of the grey panel truck as it prowl smoothly down a brush - line Central Texas road . Carol drive calmly , professionally ... angle doc be behind carol , at the back of the van . he wear a jacket and watch cap . Doc be squatted down , quickly activate another timing mechanism , check the clock - face on the bomb against he wristwatch ... with a quick , dexterous movement , he place a bomb into the two large grocery bag at he foot . after bury the explosive within each sack , he cover the bomb with crumpled wastepaper . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . continued : angle ( cont 'd ) the grocery bag be then gently shove forward , rest against the wheel well of the truck . as Doc look at Carol ... int . a '65 buick - rudy parked along a seclude pathway , face the highway which lie a quarter of a mile away . he have on a trench coat buttone to the neck and he sailor 's watch cap ... he stare at the highway . the panel truck slide by ... ext . highway a fully - load hay truck rumble down the road . int . cab - hay truck jackson be drive , he wear a dark raincoat and watch cap . int . buick rudy check he pistol . he shove the pistol into the side pocket of he raincoat . rudy start the engine ... then slide the car into gear ... ext . MAIN STREET - beacon CITY , TEXAS - day a sleepy , traditional municipality ... a dapper gentleman in he early fiftie walk along the sidewalk . he be the president of the first Bank of beacon City -- nodd to a few passersby , he stop at the front door of the bank , knock twice . a bank guard open the door and the Bank President move inside . visible on the glass door sign that read : first bank of beacon CITY found 1911 hour : 9:00 am to 2:00 pm weekday only int . the bank the president snap on a bank of irridescent light . several tellers have begin set up for the day 's commerce ... 27 . int . panel truck doc shift he position slightly , then pull he .45 out from beneath he jacket . Doc break out the clip , examine it , snap it back to position . he replace the gun under he jacket -- the gesture seemingly more a mannerism than a precaution . a huge pair of tong and the massive wire cutter rest on the floor of the truck near Doc , along with a black leather suitcase . carol in the driver be seat , beacon City appear on the horizon through the windshield ... int . bank the president begins turning the combination on the massive door as the vault begin to open ... rudy - in the buick - drive down the roadway near the outskirt of town . a Texas highway patrol car pass , move in the opposite direction ... jackson - in the hay truck - pull on a pair of black glove , then check he watch . a watch face show the time at 8:56 . the watch belong to doc . he look expectantly towards Carol . the panel truck be now within the commercial district of beacon City . rudy 's buick be visible a hundred yard behind . the hay truck drive off Main Street and into a open field near a corner of the town . Jackson jump down out of the cab of the truck and cross to the sidewalk . rudy 's buick pull over and Jackson get into the passenger seat . the buick then cruise back out onto Main Street ... carol - in the van - approach a intersection . through the truck 's window a traffic signal appear . rudy pull the buick off the MAIN drag and onto a side street . another turn and he again move parallel to the Main Street ... 28 . int . bank the bank president leave the vault , allow the heavy door to stand open . a lattice - work barrier make of wrought-iron be pull across the vault open ... the Bank President snap the latch - lock close . carol - in the panel truck . she pull the van carefully to a stop at the intersection as the stoplight blink red ... she turn she eye back to Doc ... doc , catch her look , then instantly spring into action . he reach down , pull a hatch - like cover up from the floor of the truck , revealing the road below ... a portion of a manhole cover be visible . doc ( bark the word ) two foot forward ... carol roll the truck slightly forward on the STREET - several car can be see move up behind the panel truck . doc grab the tong , insert the end into the manhole cover notches . he lift the tong and slide the manhole cover forward . Doc drop down through the truck hatchway and into open manhole , carry the huge cutter with he . as he disappear from sight ... 98 rudy drive on the side avenue , still move parallel 98 to Main Street . the buick be now geographically well forward of the panel truck . Jackson stare at he watch . jackson now ! rudy make a sharp leave . the car accelerate , its wheel begin to quietly whine . Main Street come back into view ... carol watching the signal ... still red ... a man in a pontiac ease to a stop behind the panel truck . he watch the signal . doc stand in the sewer pipe . he turn on a flashlight , move ahead . his foot slosh through the six-inch-high murky water . ( continued ) 29 . continued : Doc shine the light on several ankle-thick conduit line that run along the sewer wall ... he move down the dark oval corridor ... ext . the bank the guard open the front door , allow the morning patron to enter . int . the bank the president smile upon seeing the customer . he look over to the wood - frame clock on the far wall . the clock read 9:00 exactly rudy - in the buick - make another left turn , now back onto Main Street . the bank appear a half -block away through the car window . rudy and Jackson pull they watch cap down over they face ; the hole cut into the cap be wide enough to recognize a disparity between they feature ... MAIN STREET - the traffic signal have now blink to green . carol be grinding away at the dead engine of the panel truck ... the man in the pontiac lean on he horn ... other car behind he begin to honk . carol leans out of the cab of the panel truck and gesture for the car to pass she . she again grind away at the engine . doc be watch - showing 9:01 . doc stand at a massive connecting BOX where four 112 strand of the conduit intersect . he put the wire cutter to the first conduit , grasp the insulate handle and with a crunching pop , he cut through the conduit with one bite . Doc immediately start on the next strand . carol - on MAIN STREET - try to start the engine . the buick slam to a stop in front of the bank . rudy il4 and Jackson pull open the car door . doc cutting the last and largest conduit . 30 . int . the bank the bank guard be place a local high school basketball schedule and display into position . several patron have form small line and be transact business with the teller . the wall clock show the time at 9:02 . rudy and jackson burst through the glass door . they stand shoulder to shoulder , gun extend the full length of they arm . beneath the mask rudy 's smile be visible . the bank guard look up prom the basketball display . his eye widen ... both gun be levele directly at he ... simultaneously the light go out ... the bank president desperately push the alarm button near he desk . ( insert : button and bell . ) nothing happen . carol - on MAIN STREET - try to start the engine . int . a dentist office the D.D.S. torture a balding patient with a drill . the patient groan , lift one leg in the air from the pain . when the power go , the dentist quizzically raise the drill and examine it . the patient pants in relief . dentist Superior technology , my ass . a electric weather / time indicator - above the town square ... as the bulb dim ... doc running down the sewer ; stop at the manhole he scramble up the permanent ladderway , toss he wire cutter up into the truck park over he . carol - in the driver' seat - again she try to start the engine . doc pulling himself back up into the van with a gymnastic thrust he quickly slide the manhole cover with the tong . carol - the engine still will not start . doc drop the hatch door back down into place on the floor of the truck ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : doc ( snap he look to Carol ) okay . carol turn the ignition switch back on ... carol - as the engine roar to life she engage the gearshift . the truck begin to move forward . suddenly , the motor do stall . doc' pace tightens . the car behind the van continue honking . carol - again grinding away at the engine . her lip be compress into a thin line ... after a moment ... the motor catch , the truck again move forward . doc pick up the large black suitcase from the floor of the panel truck , then begin to move toward the cab and Carol . the panel truck whip off MAIN STREET and onto a side avenue . Carol pull the van up to the curbway , jerk to a stop . doc be now in the front seat beside carol . he pull the truck door open , then hesitates . he touch she arm , they eye meet briefly , both they face warming for a moment . Doc give she a casual wink then quietly exit the truck . on the sidewalk doc turn and begins walking toward a open alleyway . behind he the panel truck pull smoothly away . walking up the alley - doc pull on a pair of black glove . he turn again , now move down a totallydeserted side alley . the alley open at one end onto a back street ; the opposite end be bound by a large brick building . Doc remove he pistol from he coat pocket , then approach a doorway along the side of the brick building . at the last moment he pull down the watch cap mask . int . bank rudy disengage the latch on the side door . ext . alley doc kick the door OPEN with a violent jerk of he leg . 32 . int . the bank rudy's gun be trained prom the back of the build over the teller and patron , spread - eagle across the floor . they head be down ; several of they be tremble . doc stand holding the .45 in one hand , suitcase in the other . he move into the building , shutting the door behind he . rudy be now stationed near the front door , ready to intercept any income bank patron -- he cover the room from the end opposite Jackson . rudy stand near the Bank Guard 's outstretch right hand -- the Guard 's head be bloody from rudy 's pistol whipping . his gun have be kick against the wall . a short distance away rudy be watch . the bank president lie face down on the floor , directly under the arc of Jackson 's gun ... who be continually turn to watch the Guard . doc quickly cross the distance between the side door and the vault , pass the Bank President . he slip the .45 into he jacket side pocket , set down the suitcase , then either cut the lock or pick it . rudy ( look at he watch ) 19 second . carol - in the van - she have stop the panel truck near the desert lot where the hay truck be park . she drop the bomb-lade grocery bag inside the truckbed . she move back towards the van ... in the bank doc finishes , , rip the door OPEN , lift the suitcase and move into the vault . rudy look at the bloodied guard , note the distance separate the man from he gun . though unconscious , the Guard 's head begin to move . jackson hold he gun hand fully extended . again he take a brief moment to glance nervously over to the open vault and at the Guard . angle and insert - the vault be line with safety deposit box and large cabinet drawer . ( continued ) 33 . continued : a metal table stand off -center , the black suitcase rest on its surface . Doc open the satchel . he then pull open one of the cabinet drawer nearby and begin toss band money pad into the open suitcase . the bank president lie near the OPEN vault . he listen to the sound of Doc at work . he slightly crane he neck , try to get a look at the thief inside the vault . rudy watching the front door . a patron enter ; rudy gesture with the gun ... she hit the deck . jackson be getting more nervous by the minute ... doc continue work within the vault . the woman , now on the floor , quietly cry . jackson watch the Guard . rudy watch Jackson . Calling out time . the bank guard , glassy - eye , but conscious ; he have the look of a prizefighter who have just suffer a knockout , but be ready for one more round . the bank president in he prone position . he look at Jackson , then to the vault . the panel truck - now at the other end of Main Street . carol exit the van , carry the second sack to a large rubbish bin in front of a empty store . she deposit the grocery bag ... doc working . the suitcase be now fill . he snap the fastener shut . doc exit the vault after withdraw he .45 from he coat pocket . jackson sees doc leave the vault . he edge around the side of the teller ' cage toward the front of the bank . doc move toward jackson' old vantage point near the side door . he pass the bank president . rudy now watch doc doc carry the heavy suitcase in he left hand . he gesture to rudy and Jackson with he pistol while move towards the side door . ( continued ) 34 . continued : jackson half run passing rudy on he way to the front entrance still watch the Bank Guard . the bank guard still punch drunk pull himself up to he hand and knee ... the Guard look at he pistol . doc stop at the kicked in side door . he cover the entire bank with he gun . the bank guard begins to crawl with agonizing slowness towards he pistol . rudy eye still on doc jackson now at the front door be paralyzed watching the guard . doc gesture to rudy and jackson to get moving . ext . STREET - day carol park the van , cross to a ford , get in , drive away . int . bank the guard have more than half close the distance to the .38 . jackson level he .44 . doc and rudy . both see what be about to happen . doc ( shout ) just pick it up . rudy do not ! jackson pull the trigger three time . the bank guard body turn end -over - end from Jackson 's bullet . some of the bank patron scream , other sob with fright . doc - his eye be furious . rudy and jackson - rudy shove Jackson out the front door . doc cover there exit , then slip out the side door and into the alley . 35 . ext . MAIN STREET rudy gun the buick forward , the wheel tear at the asphalt . Jackson 's shoulder rock back as the big car accelerate . the alley doc , gun and suitcase in hand , near the end of the alleyway . carol - in a ford - suddenly pull up , fill the roadway open . doc toss the suitcase into the back of the car ... then slide the pistol under he coat and slip behind the wheel as Carol slide over to the passenger seat . int . the ford doc pull off the watch cap mask ; he face taut . the ford smoke off as Doc kick it into gear ... MAIN STREET beacon CITY a series of angle the buick streak down the CENTER of the roadway ... two bomb detonate into fireballs ... the Hay truck blaze upward , bale instantly ignite . the grange at the opposite end of town become a orange - flame inferno ... traffic stall on the boulevard ; driver and pedestrian gawk at the twin blaze . rudy zig zag the buick along . maneuver through the stop traffic . doc slide the ford through a right and left turn , emerge onto smoke - cover Main Street . the speed Ford avoid a halting car , then suddenly spin out of control , jump across the sidewalk , splinter a wood bench , and finally slide in a complete circle across the grass of a small park . int . ford ' doc look more than a little embarrassed as carol stare at he . police car roar by they . 36 . ext . SMALL park doc zip the car off the grass and back onto the traffic clogged roadway . rudy drive through the bedlam . suddenly a gun appear in he right hand , aim at Jackson . the pistol roar buck , roar , buck again . Jackson be shot through the head twice . the ford be several block behind rudy . doc downshift avoid stall car . Carol grasp at both the seat and the dashboard handhold to maintain she balance . the buick emerge through dense plume of smoke . Fire lick along the one edge of the sidewalk . rudy in the buick have now almost cleare the town . he tear along the highway ... sweat a little but become cool . he be a pro . his watch cap be now remove . on the curve - Jackson 's body be kick out of the automobile and bounce across the pavement . doc in the ford power along . he approach the flame building , then hit the brake as ... a big diesel truck and trailer be come in the opposite direct ion , , jack - knife across the road , desperately try to avoid the car stop in the middle of the street . doc , as the truck and trailer suddenly appear through the smoke in front of he , throw the car broadside into a four wheel drift . now sideways , then straight , he bump across the sidewalk , over a patio of a house , knock down two pillar , through a parking lot , take with it a large cleaner sign , then bore back onto the road . rudy in the buick stroking along the OPEN highway . look in the rear view mirror . rudy's Pov - through the buick rear window , black smoke be visible billow skyward . doc and carol in the ford now drive calmly through the countryside . a police car with light turn and siren wail pass they , head for the conflagration in beacon City . Doc 's eye follow the patrol car until it disappear from sight . the buick - series of angle - it pull off the highway and bump down a dirt road . rudy strain to hold the big car on the rutte pathway . ( continued ) 37 . continued : the dirt road become a lane . a farm house and barn appear at a clear . rudy power the car up a fairly steep hill , the crest of which be occupy by a seemingly abandon and dilapidate house barn . rudy jump out of the buick , trot to the front of the barn and pull the double - door open . a station wagon with wooden - panel or the usual paint panel side can be see within ... the ford sweep off the highway and onto the dirt road . within the ford - doc be drive . Carol peel off she sweater . she have wear a fade blouse underneath ... she pull a ribbon ; she hair fall change she appearance . rudy - in the barn - the buick be now park near the Station wagon . stand in the shadow , he intently reload he gun , then move towards the large door of the barn . carol - in the passenger seat of the ford - she watch as Doc drive up the lane ... rudy stand outside the barn as the car approach . doc study rudy through the windshield , watch he wipe he face with a soile rag as the car pull closer ... int . barn doc pull the ford to a stop just within the double door . he pass rudy , leave a clear exit pathway for the getaway station wagon . doc jump out of the ford as soon as the ignition switch be cut ; Carol a beat behind he on the opposite side . rudy move into the archway create by the barn 's open door . he stand almost in silhouette as the bright sunlight break around he . Doc snap open the door of the car , he back turn to rudy . he reach into the back seat and grasp the black suitcase , not by the middle handle but by each end , as if it contain a great weight . doc ( speak over he shoulder , not look at rudy ) where 's Jackson ? rudy withdraw the pistol from under he raincoat . ( continued ) 38 . continued : rudy ( point he gun lazily at Doc , supremely confident ) he do not make it , Doc ... you do not either . Doc straighten , still hold the suitcase . he start to turn to rudy , eye wide , helpless . Carol fumble for the gun in she purse . rudy extend he arm , ready to begin the execution . Doc swing the suitcase around slowly , seemingly ready to face rudy 's bullet ... then he shoot rudy in the middle of the chest , Doc 's .45 slug drive he backward . Doc have conceal the pistol in he hand with the satchel . he drop the suitcase with he first shot , fire again , blast rudy in the middle . two large hole now show at the chest of rudy 's raincoat . rudy be knock back over the hillock , tumble down the precipice and into a grassy meadow below . Doc stand at the crest of the hill . he look down as rudy 's body stop turn . Doc shift the .45 to he right hand . rudy 's body lie still . doc turn quickly away prom the hilltop , not give rudy 's body a second glance . Carol , gun in hand , stand outside the barn , transfix . carol how do you know ? Doc do not answer , motion she into the car ... the getaway car ... as she start to change clothes ... he reload . Doc take a long look at Carol . they get in the car and leave . ext . bottom op hill - day carol be drive . , tooling comfortably along a country road . Doc be beside she , the suitcase rest in the back seat . after several moment of silence : carol what about the bank ? doc ( after a moment ) Jackson panicked and nail the guard . ( continued ) 39 . continued : Carol take a deep breath , , then turn she look at the side window . carol oh , Christ . Doc lean forward . , snap on the radio . ext . abandoned farm - day rudy butler stumble back over the crest op the hillock and onto the pathway in front of the barn . his figure be slightly grotesque ; the raincoat show two hole from Doc 's .45 slug , along with considerable dirt and grass stain pick up on he ass -over - tea kettle trip to the bottom of the hill . he be obviously in some pain , he walk be a half -lurch . ext . side of the barn - day rudy turn on a rusted tap which send all - pockete water gurgle down into a mold - cover trough . rudy pull off the yellow raincoat , revealing the fact he have wear one of the padded bullet - proof vest . rudy undoe the vest , let it fall to he foot . a huge crimson stain show at he collarbone . rudy touch the blood with he right hand , then look at he hand . breathe heavily he kneel down and begin to splash the purling water across he face and then he laugh . int . station wagon - day dialogue come on the radio describe the robbery . $ 750,000 steal . doc we get between four and five . Carol start to open the bag and count . Doc flick off the radio then crack open the windwing . Doc reflectively study the roadside ahead . they be head along a comfortable tree and meadowline thoroughfare that carry only a sparse amount of traffic . Doc 's eye suddenly narrow on the road ahead . carol ( now notice the road ) Doc ... doc ( flat ) I see it ... ( continued ) 40 . continued : on the road ahead highway patrolmen have formed a traffic barricade . several car and truck be be wave through the check - point . wearing sunglass and stetson hat , the uniform officer make a cursory glance into each pass vehicle . doc analyze the situation without changing expression he slip the station wagon up behind a pickup truck in the line of slowly - pass vehicle . she turn , start to reach into the back . Doc gently catch she arm , prevent she from move further . doc ( cont 'd ) they be look for three man ... remember ? a young officer look into the cab of the pickup , then glance at the empty flatbe . another patrolman flank the other side of the truck , repeat the procedure . several patrol Cars , fully load with additional officer , be park nearby . the pickup truck be wave through . the station wagon roll up to the check -point . doc roll down he window . he smile and nod to the Young patrolman . doc ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) what 's the problem ? carol study the officer on she side of the car through the close window ... the Officer peer back at she then into the rear seat . the station wagon be wave ahead without a second glance by the patrolman ; Doc accelerate away from the roadblock ... after a moment , Doc lean forward , snap on the radio . ext . the farm - rudy - day Inside the barn , behind the wheel of the panel truck , rudy 's matte black hair be in contrast to he blanch face . he start the engine , painfully bring it to a roar . the panel truck leap crazily forward , careen across the barn floor , smashing through the edge of the wooden door as it burst out into the sunlight . ext . SMALL town - day the station wagon roll down the main street and stop near a outdoor phone booth at a fill station . 41 . int . station wagon doc shut off the engine , pull OPEN he door . doc move inside the phone booth carrying a fist - full of loose change . he begin to dial ... int . beynon' office - day the phone ring . the accountant lift the receiver . accountant I be here . he press a button on the intercom . another phone in the office 234 cully yeah . he press a button on the intercom . another phone in the office . hayhoe pick up the phone . hayhoe yeah . he press a button on the intercom . another phone in the office swain turn and reach for the receiver . ext . SMALL town doc move toward the wagon , climb inside . int . station wagon . doc slam the door shut . carol look across at he . doc they check in . carol call the ranch , tell beynotr we will leave he cut here -- ( continued ) 42 . continued : doc why ? carol there be three man dead . doc so what . I have get to give he he money . that be we end of the deal . carol he might be ready to chop we up . doc do it my way . he start the engine . the station wagon pull away . int . station wagon as it pull out of the SMALL town . doc tell I about beynon 's ranch . carol I have never " be there ... when we meet it be in he office . Doc look at she for a moment . carol ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; hesitant ) do you trust he ? doc I just figure the percentage . he would not try a cross until he 's get the money . carol let 's send he cut back -- just keep go . doc if we make a mistake . , he will burn we . you make a deal , you be always better keep you end up . carol I do not want to go there . ( continued ) 43 . continued : doc do it my way . the wagon continue move down the road . ext . a narrow dirt road - late afternoon two hour before sunset . a chill southwest wind be blow . the station wagon appear , move slowly down the roadway , bounce along its rutte surface . at a SMALL intersection two mail box stand close to one another . the name beynon be print in black paint on one of the letter bin . Doc stop the wagon momentarily , look at the box , then turn down the indicate road . ext . the station wagon - late afternoon the station wagon clear the crest of a sage brush hill and pass camera . int . station wagon - late afternoon doc park the wagon under a gnarle cottonwood tree in front of the house . as he shut off the engine , he pull the .45 out of he coat pocket and shove it into he waistband . Carol watch the gesture . Doc start to open the car door , then hesitates . doc you can wait here ... I will wrap it up fast . doc step out of the wagon , then pull the leather suitcase out of the back . he quietly shut the car door and move around the side of the house , toward the barn / garage at the rear . he look carefully around the area , he eye search for sign of beynon 's man . nothing seemingly amiss , he move toward the front door , try it , move away . Doc cross to the back screen door of the house . after another moment , Doc quietly open the screen door and enter the house . int . house - late afternoon doc move through the service porch / pantry and into the kitchen . 44 . int . kitchen - beynon - late afternoon / night beynon sit at the long kitchen table ] head on hand , eye slightly glare ... on the checker oilcloth in front of he be a quart bottle of Jim beam , now half full . he 's drink the sour mash straight with a water chaser . doc look steadily at beynon for a moment , , set the suitcase down on the floor , then cross to the sink , pick up a glass and sit down at the table . Doc pour himself a drink , take a sip . beynon hello , mccoy . doc beynon . beynon ( swish the drink ) News say two person kill . except for a faint thickness of speech , beynon seem quite sober . beynon wear a .38 detective special c.t.g. in a wear leather belly holster . doc Three ... rudy get ambitious . beynon and you get he ... doc that 's right . Doc look at beynon , note he gun , then continue stack the money . beynon what about you wife ? doc what about she ? ( move right to the business at hand ) let 's c ut up the money , I want to get North . int . station wagon parked under the cottonwood at the front of the house . carol sit chewing gum ... line of strain have formed across her face . 45 . int . kitchen doc listen carefully to beynon . beynon you wife tell I no one would be kill . doc you hire Jackson and rudy . , not I . beynon they may nail I into this now , mccoy . doc that 's you problem . beynon ( smile ) you know , you and I may be two of a kind . doc no way . I always do my own work . beynon smile and slop three finger of whiskey into Doc 's glass . beynon here . I understand the way you feel . as a matter of fact , you and I might share a great many feeling ... beynon drink from he glass . Doc continue count the money . doc ( snap the word ) I be in a hurry . beynon you still do not get the picture do you ? I have always hear what a smart ass operator you be . doc no applause ! beynon pause a moment . Doc look steadily across the table into beynon ts eye . prom beyond there might be the quiet sound of a screen door open . beynon get out of the chair , stand beside the table . ( continued ) 46 . continued : beynon let 's examine the situation . one , a extremely attractive woman . then , there 's the woman 's husband , a skillful bank robber serve a long sentence in prison . Three , a man with political influence , a man who can easily get a parole for a convict ... why should he ? beynon sip he glass slowly . Doc 's hand edge down toward he waist band . beynon ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) a simple reason , mccoy . the obvious reason . to rob a bank . doc I know that life do not add up to the obvious when I be 8 . beynon ( cautiously ) what do you add up to here ? doc one . the radio 's rappin ' about $ 750^000 . we only get a half a million . beynon a little more be take out before . ( a beat ) my brother 's a director of that Bank , Mr. mccoy ... I have a few press debt . doc so we do that crackerbox ... to cover for you . beynon ( smiles. , nodd ) the obvious . ( as he smile fade ) but we be both not interested in that right now . doc no. ( a long beat ) my old lady must have make a lot of promise . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) beynon Close ... but it take a hell of a lot more than promise to pull the kind of string I pull . doc I bet . Doc sense a movement from the shadow behind beynon . turn he head slightly , Doc can see Carol stand at the entrance to the kitchen . she hold a .32 automatic ... the pistol seem to be point directly at Doc . beynon you would not have come here when you be eight 3 Mr. mccoy . as the gun continue to be point directly at doc. beynon ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) do not think too badly of she ... after all , you be in jail a long time and she be a healthy young woman . doc ( riding over beynon 's word ) get it over with ... carol fire the automatic . the big gun belch the full slip in a stutter explosion ... the slide remain back and in a eject position . beynon be drive back to the kitchen wall . he shriek aloud , the noise strangely like laughter ... he body flatten against the surface , slip downward^ riddled by the big bore slug ... Doc stand momentarily freeze against the overturn table . he look up from beynon 's crumpled body . Carol take two step forward , then drop the automatic , send it clatter and spin away across the floor . doc look at Carol , they eye find each other . he turn , move to the sink , splashes water across he face , then fill a glass of water from the tap ... drink it ; he look back at she . carol stand watch Doc , tear scream down she cheek . doc cross to Carol , take she arm , pick up the gun , spend shell and the suitcase , then lead she out of the kitchen toward the back door . beynon 's body have slip from sight , only a few trace of blood show along the white wall . 48 . int . panel truck - dusk rudy be drive along a open highway . rudy mouth inane lyric to the radio , one arm on the wheel , the other clutching he wound . a small sign near a mailbox catch rudy 's eye . he swing the panel truck around in a u-turn , then pull into the long dirt driveway of a isolate farm house . the sign read harold clinton , D.V.M. practice of Veterinary Medicine . dissolve to : ext . deserted highway - dusk the station wagon be parked along the cement road , stand in isolation against the vast Texas b.g . Doc stand away from the car , he back turn to it ... gaze at the horizon . Carol be in the wagon but the passenger side door be open , she leg dangle outside the car as she look steadily at the ground . Doc suddenly turn , walk to she and give she a sting slap across the face . doc stupid . tear begin to roll down Carol 's face . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) why do not you tell I ? carol there be not any way to explain it . doc yeah . carol you send I to he . doc when I get out , why do not you tell I where it be ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : carol what the hell do you want ? Mary Tyler Moore ? doc who 's she ? carol she 's on tv . doc if you do not start tell the truth ... ( break off ) carol what do we do ? doc ( quietly ) we keep go . int . beynon' office - night swain sleep on the davenport . cully and hayhoe sit at two side of beynon 's large desk , play a game of checker ... hayhoe seem to have cully badly beat ... the accountant enter the room . the block on the wall show eight o'clock straight up . accountant let 's go . the two man abandon they game . cully kick the sofa , awaken swain . he groggily get to he foot . int . multi - storied auto park - san ANTONIO - day the station wagon enter the building . Doc take a bright orange ticket from a attendant behind a glass window , then accelerate the wagon up a rampway lead to the upper level of the building . doc check he watch momentarily as he prowl the wagon between long row of automobile . the station wagon' tire whine through a sweeping turn within the auto park 's uppermost level -- through the building 's portal the bright morning sun can be see reflect off the city 's rooftop . ( continued ) 50 . continued : doc pull the wagon to a abrupt halt within a parking stall - - at a isolate area . he step out onto the concrete flooring , slam the door shut . Doc turn away from the car . as he approach the elevator , Doc tear the orange auto park stub into fragment and drop they into a trash bin without miss a stride . int . train station - morning carol be stand in a ticket line that move slowly foward . she struggle , clutching the heavy , money laden suitcase and she oversize purse between both arm . the line of ticket buyer move forward . just fast enough to make it impractical to set the suitcase down . the station be ancient , vaultlike . baggage locker line the perimeter of the lobby and extend off into clump row within the wing of the station . carol approach the ticket window . she place the suitcase flush against the base of the counter and hold it tightly in place with one leg . Carol pop open she purse ... a clumsy item in itself ... as she lift she wallet and the elderly ticket - seller look across to she . carol two day coach ticket -- on the Flyer . ticket -seller thirty - four fifty - six with tax leave in forty - five minute , gate three . Carol pay the tariff , place the ticket into she purse along with the change . wearily , she labor the satchel back into she hand , then turn and begin to slowly walk down the seemingly acres-wide station promenade . near a portico within the MAIN lobby , Carol sit uncomfortably on a shiny wooden bench -- the suitcase rest on the floor press tightly between she ankle . she glance across the promenade wall , she eye find : a clock reading : 9:40 on a lobby bench - later carol stare across the room at the scatter of passenger wait on the wooden seat opposite from she . Carol 's nervous boredom increase ; she look down at she lap , pretend to find something wrong with she nail and begin rub the cuticle . Carol finally rise impulsively from the bench , immediately reach for the brown leather satchel . ( continued ) 51 . continued : carol walk back down the promenade while carry the suitcase . as other baggage - laden passenger scurry around she , she look across the arcade , she eye find a glass - wall cocktail Lounge . she hesitates , then begin to trudge in that direction . a bank of locker stand near the cocktail lounge . as Carol approach , a elderly woman deposit a coin in one of the numbered locker , open the metal door and place a small suitcase inside . close and re-locking the door , the woman quickly move away . have note the woman and more than tired of haul she burden around the station , Carol step to the end locker , take a quarter out of she purse , then study the time scar operate instruction on the face of the locker . she slip the quarter into the slot and open the locker door . as Carol bend to pick up the suitcase , the locker door swing close ... she try to open it but the door have re-locked itself ... Carol quite disgust with she predicament , again set the suitcase down and pull a quarter out of she change purse . as she again read the numbered direction , a young man appear at she shoulder . the man be a prototype of urban sleaziness , doberman pinscher feature be break by a weedybrow moustache , a cheap corduroy suit be set off by a oddly match bow tie . the man 's appearance suggest a kind of drug store dapperness . dapper man kind of tricky , be not it ? she turn , startle by he sudden proximity . in one smooth movement the dapper man pluck the quarter from Carol 's hand , deposit it in the slot and swing the locker door open . setting the heavy suitcase inside , he close the door , test it to show that it have be re-locked , then remove the key from the lock and put it into Carol 's hand . she be intimidate momentarily by the man 's sudden appearance and forcefulness , as well as he intention . carol thank you . dapper man ( toothy grin ) no trouble lady . stepping backward , he canine feature disappear into a welter of station activity . Carol watch he recede figure for a moment , then simultaneously place the key into she purse , she turn and begin move towards the cocktail Lounge . 52 . int . barn - day empty cage stacked along a wooden wall a young kitten in a cardboard BOX wrestle with the barrel of a .44 . a thick vein hand gently rub the gun over the fur along the cat 's neck and backbone . rudy butler be preoccupied with the cat , give little attention to the thirtyish man stand nearby . harold clinton put away a large syringe then snap shut the medical bag . rudy lie across a cot in one corner of the barn - like Animal Hospital . the large room be line with stall , cage and pen , many of they vacant . the wond criminal be bare - chest . a plaster cast have be attach to he leave arm and shoulder . fran clinton sit on a high wooden stool opposite rudy . five year young than she husband , tight sweater and skirt , bright scarlet fingernail polish , well - build , she face suggest sensuality . Fran 's bare , milk - white leg be cross under she rumple skirt . rudy ( to harold ) what 's the damage ? harold collar bone be break . no infection yet ... the bandage should be change twice a day . rudy I get a nurse in mind . harold ( go along , oblivious to the implication ) the glucose will begin work in half a hour . you will feel better then ... rudy ( flash a grin despite the pain ) the three of we be go to do some travel . we be go to take you car to El paso . harold that 's not possible . we can not leave here ... we have get all this . ( continued ) 53 . continued : rudy smile at Mrs. Clinton . he 's never meet Fran before , but he 's know she for year . rudy be it possible , Mrs. Clinton ? fran ( scared , but try to be friendly ) just ... tell we what you want . rudy look back down at the gun and cat . the follow silence be like a scream . finally : rudy what kind of car do you have , harold ? fran ( cut in ) a Ford ... we have a Ford . rudy that 's good . that 's very good . now harold , you go out and gas up the Ford , check the oil and tire , we do not want any problem on the road . one more thing ... if anybody but you come back ... he point the gun at Mrs. Clinton . rudy ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) she get she clock fix right away ... you understand that , harold ? a long pause . fran you do what he say , harold . rudy after you come back I will listen while you make some phone call , tell a few friend you have get to leave for a week or two ... you have to call another vet about the animal . you tell he to come over and take good care of they start tomorrow ... no slip-up on that . they get to be look after ... harold we really do not have too many friend . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) fran they do not think he marry well . rudy ( smile ) that make thing a little easier for we then , do not it ? int . train station bar - day Carol sit in the bar . a young soldier approach and sit down at the counter next to she . she be finish a vodka gimlet . soldier ( to a bartender ) beer . Carol glance at she watch . soldier ( cont 'd ) ( continue - begin with the obvious ) guess you have to catch a train ? the soldier pink - cheek and freckle - face , he have to shave maybe twice a week ; twenty - one year old , not good - look ( he best feature be he gentle , easy grin ) and not a hustler . he just wat to meet a girl . carol ( not too patronize ) that 's right . soldier I , too . get twenty - four day of furlough and I be goin ' home . the soldier 's beer arrive . carol where 's home ? soldier Utah , the bee-hive state . I be from orem , right near Salt Lake ... say , you would not happen to be a mormon , would you ? ( continued ) 55 . continued : carol ( chuckle ) no , I be not . soldier I , neither . there 's about twelve people in the state that be not Mormons and I be one of they . carol that certainly make you kind of special ... soldier ( awkward ) yeah ... I guess it do . Carol push aside she glass . soldier ( cont 'd ) ( c ont inue ) you would not be take the train to Salt Lake , would you ? carol ( smile across to he ) no , I be afraid not . soldier I never have any luck . Carol smile at the soldier . her feature suddenly freeze as she glance toward the entrance to the bar . at the doorway doc stand looking at carol and the soldier . carol stand and pause for a moment . carol ( cont 'd ) I really hope you have a nice trip . soldier thanks . I hope yours be okay , too . Carol move towards the exit . the soldier quietly sip he beer , he face a bit grim . at the doorway 56 . carol stop near doc . they look at each other ... doc where 's the suitcase ? Carol continue look at Doc for a moment . then , suddenly move past he , lead he out into the main lobby . back within the promenade series of angle carol emerge from the cocktail lounge follow by doc. they cross to the locker . she retrieve the key from she purse and thrust it into the proper slot . it do not turn . puzzle she try again , then force the key , shake the lock violently . her eye widen into a quiet panic , she next look at the locker number and then the number on the key . her feature be now totally ashen . she walk up the bank of locker ... put the key in another locker , the door open , the compartment be empty . Carol turn away from the locker , eye glaze with fear ... Doc at she shoulder . carol a man help I open it ... doc ( deceptive calm ) and switch key . carol he must have . doc ( angrily ) it be not another boyfriend , be it ? Carol wince , contain she anger . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue - icily ) how long ago . ( continued ) 57 . continued : carol Fifteen minute . doc sure ? Carol nod . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue - with quick calculation ) he would figure you for longer , enough time to try another hit . he 's probably still in the station . as Doc push Carol forward . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue - lash out ) there better be a guy with the carol ( lash back ) you bastard ... walk at a rapid pace , they start through the station , Doc force they speed , clutching Carol under she elbow . they reach the main concourse after move down the length of the promenade ... eye strain . carol stop suddenly . she stare down the long corridor she eye find the thief . he stand near another bank of locker , the black suitcase at he foot . the thief look up at carol - virtually within the same moment that she spot he . his expression never change . he take a step towards she , smile ... then , with a movement that be both abrupt and casual , he snatch up the money bag and disappear behind the constant traffic of train patron . doc have see the thief . recognize the suitcase he move immediately after he . Carol follow Doc but be unable to keep up . she watch as Doc vanish behind the row of locker . carol round the last locker in the row but both man have now disappear from view . she sag back against the edge of the metal compartment , exhaust , fearful . loudspeaker voice ( indistinct above the roar of the station ) attention please . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) loudspeaker voice ( cont 'd ) the Flyer now board at gate three . the Flyer now board at gate three . Carol again raise she eye . still breathless , she face glow with moisture . int . the clinton be barn - ( morning ) fran be still seated on the stool . rudy stare at she from the cot . harold be now absent . fran I do not think you have to worry much about harold . he will not do anything . rudy ( he speak very politely ) that right ? fran you can trust he ... rudy how long have you be marry ? fran two year . rudy can he trust you ? fran ( smile ) that 's what matter , be not it ? rudy continue look at she . rudy come over here a minute ... he gesture with he gun . Fran cross the distance slowly , move with apprehension . fran look , I be not go to be any trouble to you either , fact be , this may sound funny , but maybe you and I could be close friend ... rudy gesture she closer ... ( continued ) 59 . continued : fran ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you do not always have to have you gun out . I will get whatever you want . really , I will ... Fran smile . she be now stand over the cot , look directly down at rudy . he jerk she down . rudy ( still polite ) get rid of that nail polish , I do not like it , and when I tell you to come over here you move fast . you and I be go to get along because I have know a lot of people like you , so do not tell I about it because I get you ticket go in . now get up and get that paint of you finger ... okay ? rudy smile . int . train station - a series of angle - day doc moving like a gun dog on the hunt between the row of locker ; catch sight of the thief momentarily , he close in . after a series of criss -cross movement among the bank locker corrider , Doc again lose sight of the thief as the slender criminal dodge off onto a main passenger concourse . Doc be faster and more agile than the thief , but the station be unfamiliar territory to he . both Doc and the thief move carefully , they must not arouse enough attention to make themselves conspicuous , thus risk police interference . the thief hurrie along the MAIN concourse weaving between the income and depart passenger that dot the long corridor . doc in pursuit down the concourse , he pass several seal off departure / arrival gate . the thief step off the concourse into gate three , a open stairway wind downward . doc follows he quarry down the stairway to the train area where he immediately skip over the wind ramp and onto the load platform . emerging from the short tunnel , Doc be not surprised that the thief be again nowhere in sight . Doc step behind a pillar -- he wait watchfully ... after a moment or two , the thief edge out from behind another column and start back up the platform towards the concourse . ( continued ) 60 . continued : Doc move quickly to intercept he opponent but , as the thief spot he approach , he turn and join several passenger scurrying toward the await train ... the flyer stand gleaming at trackside , perpendicular to the board gate . two door to the train stand open , one in the pullman section , the other entrance admit day coach passenger . carol - on the MAIN concourse - moving along with the flow of about - to- depart passenger ... the Flyer come into sight , visible on the next level below . the conductor - at trackside - stand smiling broadly by the coach entrance . he grin at the board passengers as he speak to a nearby brakeman . the thief skirt around a baggage - laden elderly couple and move up the two-step and into the rail car passageway . doc moving quickly again . he see the thief slip past the conductor and into the train . the thief be now inside the day coach . he head toward the forward compartment . doc expertly squirm through the boarding throng and disappear past the conductor up into the passenger car vestibule . on the concourse carol watch as a blondish man in a grey suit skip aboard the Flyer stand below . she be unable to get a clear look at the man , and be unsure as to whether or not it be Doc . she hesitates , then move forward to Gate Three which will take she down to trackside ... Carol stand at the edge of the gate -- the last of the crowd have already pass through . she hesitates again , stare down at the shine train . int . flyer - day coach the aisle be clogged with passengers . people hesitate over they selection of seat , put baggage into overhead rack , clumsily remove they overcoat ... the thief continue to move forward , squirming around the passenger at a hurried but control pace . 61 . at the end of a pullman doc enter , thread he way forward , scan face . he be one car behind the thief and lose ground , due to the fact that Doc must carefully note the occupant of each seat as he pass . Doc be further delay by a woman block the aisle . she struggle painfully , try to fit a suitcase into a overhead carriage . Doc , with the most force of smile , reach up to help she . 30 ? the thief move through another vestibule and into a 30 ? empty car -- now unobserve , he immediately break into a run . doc looking , moving nimbly into another vestibule and car . the passenger have become fewer and fewer as he near the front of the train . the thief run through another vestibule and into a smoker . this car also desert , he maintain he trot pace , swinging the heavy suitcase as he go ... reach the end of the smoker , he enter the next vestibule and attempt to move into the follow car , but the thief be bring to a halt by the sudden dead end of the passageway . the next car hold only baggage . he have reach furthest forward passenger car . the thief desperately try to open the vestibule door , hope to escape by jump off the train , but the door be tightly lock . he begin to retrace he step . doc move carefully into the next car forward , still unknowingly two car behind the thief . the thief pass back to the vestibule at the rear of the smoker , he eye suddenly catch the Men 's Lounge . he try the door -- lock . the thief snap out a pen knife , pick the lock with a deat movement . passenger be visible behind he as he work , filter into the pullman car follow the smoker . none of they note he activity . the restroom door swing open . int . men' lounge the thief immediately snap the bolt - lock shut behind he , cross the small , murky room and try to lift the window . he strain mightily but the glass remain hopelessly jamme ... doc enter the final passenger car , note the half 313 dozen traveler and continue move forward , go next into the smoker . ( continued ) 62 . continued : the smoking car be empty , although several passenger and a porter enter it moment after Doc lead the way . Doc pass through the length of the car , move into the vestibule and , like the thief a few moment before , find he passage block by the baggage car . Doc hesitates , then turn and begin go back in the opposite direction . doc stop at the men' lounge -- stare hard at the door for a moment . he try the handle . the door remain firmly shut . porter ( appear suddenly at Doc 's shoulder ) be open five minute out of the station . Doc nod and move away , continue to retrace he step toward he point of entrance onto the train . the thief , having abandoned the jammed window , be now undoing the snap and strap hold the suitcase close . the lid pull upward and stack of money appear under he hand . the thief grab a money pad , run he thumb over it , then shove the stack of greenback into he coat 's inside breast pocket . doc move with determination back through the passenger car . int . men' lounge the thief have again close the suitcase . he nervously look about he tight - wall sanctuary , then cross back to the window and stare out through a corner of the pane . he pull the shade lower . ext . track metal wheel grind against the rail , the train shudder , then begin to move forward . the thief be watching through the men' room window as the train edge forward . his body suddenly tighten . he see Doc outside the train , walk slowly between a narrow passage of move passenger car and several park tinder . thief' Pov doc glancing between parked passenger car , walk cautiously ahead . as the Flyer continue to move slowly forward , Doc disappear from view . the thief allow himself a quick smile . turn away from the window he pick up the suitcase , unbolt the lock and step back out into the vestibule . ( continued ) 63 . continued : at the back of the smoker , the thief seat himself next to a window and place the suitcase on the cushion chair opposite from he . in the forward position of the car , well behind the thief 's back , a dozen passenger be scattered about the lounge chair . a conductor appear at the end of the smoker opposite the thief and begin to collect and punch ticket . as the train begin to pick up speed , the thief lift a abandon copy of the newpaper off the cushion next to he . he glance at the front page , then unfold the width of the paper . as a precaution against regain poverty , the thief rest one foot against the suitcase . all seem secure . then , Doc sit down next to the thief . doc companionably slide a arm behind the back op the thief' neck , pull he close . doc ( softly almost gently ) when you pop a lock do not mark it . the thief 's knife instantly flash into he hand , but before he can bring it into play , Doc catch he arm . the knife be tightly wedged into the thief' hand . Doc 's finger be vise - like at he wrist . the other passengers remain pre -occupied at the other end of the car , take no note of the quiet encounter . the conductor be still at the opposite end of the car from Doc and the thief . he continue collect and punch fare . int . station gate - day carol be exiting . there be a announcement over the loudspeaker -- the train have leave . int . train - day the conductor as see by the thief' widening eye . he methodically punch the ticket , never look more than two seat ahead . the thief' eye bulge as doc chop he on the windpipe . the thief go out . be he dead ? doc chop he again . if he isn't dead he look it . Doc pull the thief 's hat down over he head . 64 . int . station - day carol cross into the station , take a deep breath . sit ... wait . the soldier come by , stop . she do not recognize anything . int . train - day the conductor arrive at the lounge chair where doc and the thief be seat . he stop in the aisleway , expectantly lean in Doc 's direction . conductor ticket ? as Doc take out he wallet , peel a fifty out and give it to he . doc end of the line . two . conductor ( grumpily ) all right . the conductor cut the fare receipt and begin to make change . the thief sit facing the window looking very dead int . clinton be ford - day rudy sit in the back seat as harold cautiously motor down the highway . with he one good arm , rudy care for the kitten rest in the cardboard box on the back seat . rudy talk a little , harold , loosen up ... good for you . harold work he jaw , he grip tighten on the wheel . fran ( chuckle at harold ) something ought to loosen he up ... how come we be go to El paso , rudy ? rudy I just want to find a suitcase . 65 . int . kitchen - beynon be ranch - day beynon' body remains out of sight behind the overturn kitchen table ... a small trickle of blood ooze out from under one of the table leg . the accountant stand with cully , hayhoe and swain stare down at beynon 's body . accountant they may still be go to nogales . swain what about laughlin in El paso ? accountant cover both , get someone down there ... either rudy and mccoy 's get half a million . swain they have get to switch car . accountant put out the word . hayhoe ( look back at beynon ) what about Jack ? accountant tonight ... take he out in the country , throw he down a dry well , if you can find one . int . pullman car - day as doc thumb idly through the newspaper . he be suddenly shower with spurting water . he lower the paper and look to the aisle , see : a seven year old black panther , dress appropriately and hold a water pistol . kid stick them up ! Doc look at the brat . kid ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I be gonna shoot you ... ( continued ) 66 . continued : he squeeze the pistol 's trigger , two burst of water land on Doc 's shirt front . Doc continue stare at the boy . the kid look hard at Doc , not give a inch . doc come here a second ... Doc take the boy' arm , gently pull he closer . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) look , I be sure you be a nice kid and that you mother 's nearby ... now you better get back to she real quick or I be go to break you little arm ... okay ? Doc release the boy . the kid look at Doc for a moment then burst into tear and retreat at a dead run back down the passenger car aisleway . Doc again lift the paper , turn to the sport page . int . station - day carol wait in the station . ( a series op angle and dissolves ) int . pullman - day doc lift the suitcase as the conductor appear at the vestibule at the opposite end of the car and announce the next stop . Doc prepare to get off . the passenger car remain sparsely populate . no one occupy the seat near the corpse . ext . first train concourse - series of angle and dissolves - early morning carol sit watching the people -- she get up , do not know where to go ... sit down again ... fear and anticipation on she face ... stand up ... ready to go where ? ready to sit down again , she look up . doc cross slowly to her carrying the suitcase . Carol react ... pleased to see he ... pleased that he 's back ... until . doc ( steely ) you kind of mistake be go to land I back in huntsville . ( continued ) 67 . continued : carol ( nail he ) I would not worry Doc . I can always get you out ... I will screw every prison official in Texas if I have to . doc Texas be a big state . carol I can handle it . doc I will bet you can . carol you would do the same for I , would not you , doc? ( rise tone ) if I be catch , would not you ? Doc be silent . after a long pause . carol ( cont 'd ) ( continue - quietly ) when we have trouble before it be different . doc ( nodd ) you do not like the way thing be , I do not like the way thing carol what do you want to do ? doc maybe we should split up ... I will cut the money with you . carol do you mean that ? doc I mean it . a long pause . maybe she wonder ; what if he be lie but what if he be not ? temptation ? she make up she mind . carol no ... I do not want to leave . 68 . int . passenger train - early evening doc and carol watch through the double window as the train yard light of a town go strobing by . ext . second train concourse . doc and carol come down out of the gangway of another train and turn up the pavement toward the main part of the depot . Doc continue hold the suitcase as they walk . doc we will grab a room for tonight then you go out tomorrow and buy yourself some new clothes , pick some up for I ... grab some food now , paper bag it , we eat in the room . carol ( cut in ) you have get all the answer . what about when they find the body on the train ? doc when they find it , they find it . to the cop a description 's only good if there 's a channel for it , and there 's no connection between that stiff and the robbery . carol you have get it all figure . doc ( look at Carol and think about beynon ) no ... there 's a couple of thing I be still work on . carol like what ? but Doc do not answer . int . transit HOTEL - night doc lie next to carol . Carol be eat a hamburger wrap in wax paper . she pass one over to Doc along with some greasy french fries and a couple of napkin . the suitcase have be place on the small write desk across the room . Doc silently munch he hamburger . ( continued ) 69 . continued : Doc glance at the poster roll up . Carol have not put it up on the wall yet . CUT to : int . first train - night the train goe clickety click through the night , the young panther be stalking and prowling among the sleep passenger . his mother catch he , take he back to he seat . int . transit HOTEL - night carol be busy unbanding the money pad . a large stack of discard wrapper have be place in a metal trash can near she leg . behind she , Doc , now in he undershirt , read a Texas newspaper . carol continue to loosen the greenbacks . she be surround on the double bed by stack of money . she light a match , drop it into the wastebasket . the money band quickly burst into flame , consume themselves , then die back into crinkly ash . doc ( not look up ) there may be a hunt party . carol why , there 's nothing on the news ? doc I do not mean police . he continue think . Carol watch he for a moment . carol tell I about it . Doc look across at she . doc ( calmly ) loredo be out . I have be think about rudy . if he be on he own , we be okay . if beynon buy he out ... Doc look at she . carol what ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : doc if beynon buy he out , and he talk then maybe beynon 's boy will be wait for we in El paso . rudy know about laughlin . carol you be full of if . doc I think you like it with he . I think he get to you . carol maybe . at least I get to he . ( pause ) where do we go from here ? doc El paso . int . first train - night a water pistol appear around the corner of a empty passenger chair . the seven year old brat squeeze off several plume of water . the thief be hit by the gun 's spray , water run slowly down he ear and the back of he neck . kid bang ! the boy watch the immobile man . he fire again , once again there be no reaction . the brat step forward ... smile , he push the thief 's arm , push harder . the thief' body suddenly fall back across the chair . his eye roll upward ... stare at the panther . his neck be bruise , he push he hat back slowly . thief ( very hoarsely ) get I a doctor . int . HOTEL room - night carol sleep on her stomach , she head rest across one arm . Doc lie beside she , eye open . he look over at Carol a moment , note the long strand of hair that move rhythmically back and forth from she gentle breathe . after a moment Doc quietly stand , move to the write table and stare at the black suitcase . ( continued ) 71 . continued : he open the valise and lift the large stack of greenback into a shaft of light come through a crack in the draw shade . still hold the money , Doc look back at Carol . one last tightly bound money pad - night printed clearly on the brown wrapper . first bank of beacon CITY beacon CITY commonwealth of TEXAS int . police station - night a plainclothes officer hold a similar money pad with he handkerchief . the panther be sit with he mother on a nearby seat . still dress in he panther suit , but no longer a brat . his face reflect both fear and shock . the thief be with they , bandaged around the throat plainclothes officer ( to the thief ) where do you get it ? thief ( hoarsely ) it be a gift . int . bedroom - morning carol come in . she be wearing a new suit , sandal it look great ... she toss a package on the bed . Doc look at she outfit and open he . they be too flashy . doc thanks . ( as Carol start to speak ) you look great , just great ... they could pick you up for solicit in ten minute . carol that would be the first time . doc ( angry ) when be you go to learn ? carol I do I kill a man . ( continued ) 72 . continued : Doc throw he clothes away . doc ( laugh ) and that could be all for you. , baby . Carol suddenly angere slap he . Doc immediately deliver she a sting blow . Carol hit the wall then stand stunne as he quietly tie he lace and pull on he jacket . Doc stuff the colt .45 into the flapped outside pocket along with 2 clip . he turn to the bed and pick up the suitcase . Carol continue look at doc. doc ( cont 'd ) now you learn this time it could be the chair for both of we . Carol start to speak . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) from now on you just shut up and do as you be tell . carol if I have not kill beynon. , you would have . Doc do not answer . he turn and exit . she follow . int . police station - morning the conductor , the thief and the panther study three telex picture of men looking something like doc . printed at one side of the photograph be they criminal record . the senior detective and the two plainclothes officer be seat within the communication room of the department . the transcriber come to life as the cylinder receiver begin to turn . the cylinder receiver - angle the cylinder now reveal doc mecoy' face . 73 . conductor , mother and son and thief yes , that 's he . no question about it . that 's he . detective ( point to the thief ) how about he ? thief ( hoarsely ) listen , I be a friend of the Court . detective you be here because you be under arrest . a transistor radio - morning on a bedstand . the frequency hand indicator glow with a yellow light . radio ... the man have be positively identify as Carter Doc " mccoy , only recently parole from a penitentiary where he be serve time for armed robbery . he be believe to be travel with he wife , Carol ainsley mccoy ... ( ad lib ) int . auto court motel - morning rudy reach over to the nightstand and shut off the radio . his eye stare vacantly ahead for a moment . harold clinton be tied securely into a chair , he mouth tightly gag . rudy begins to smile . fran be next to rudy within the bed , wear only a bra , sleep , one arm wrap around rudy 's middle . rudy how you do over there , harold ? you sleep okay last night ? good . I be glad to hear it . do you listen to the news ? that mean we do not have to drive so hard today , harold ... we be gonna be travel a lot faster than they be ... we get a lot more time than I figure . ( continued ) 74 . continued : rudy continue smile . he pull the sheet away from Frank , then allow he hand to reach down , cupping she breast from inside the bra . Fran half awaken , pull herself closer to rudy . int . accountant's office - day hayhoe , the accountant and the rest of the boy be sit in the office wait . int . car - day rudy be drive now , Fran and harold be not speak . int . car - day doc and carol . doc be drive . they be also silent . int . laughlin HOTEL - EL paso - morning cannon ( one of the accountant 's boy , whom we have not see before ) enter the dark nearly deserted lobby and approach the reception desk . the large room be populate by overstuff and threadbare furniture . laughlin look very much like dub Taylor and speak Spanish just about as badly . he flash a quick grin from behind the counter as cannon draw near . at the switchboard behind laughlin , carmen , maybe 35 , sit next to the telephone jack ( all of they idle ) readinc a movie magazine . cannon you laughlin ? laughlin ( Mr. friendly ) yes , sir , and that 's my wife and that 's junior . laughlin indicate a seventeen year old bellboy sleep in one of the overstuff chair . cannon congratulation . I need a room . laughlin no trouble . you come to the right place , one thing we get be a lot of room . what else can I do for you ? 75 . int . doc and carol be car - day as it motor down the TEXAS highway . the black suitcase be propped up between Doc and Carol in the front seat . Doc , seat on the passenger side , bang the car radio with he hand . the radio be obviously not work as he turn the dial and push the button . doc ( cajole it ) c'mon workl I ( almost plead ) c'mon . we hear garble word for a moment , pleasing Doc ... and then the radio conk out again . this time Doc hit the radio hard . doc ( cont 'd ) ( angrily to the radio ) give I the news !! when it be clear that the radio will not work : doc ( cont 'd ) you can not trust anything this day . carol I will tell you something , Doc . one day you be go to have to trust somebody ... doc slam the brake , grab the wheel as the car veer over to the side of the road . doc I trust ... ( he open the black suitcase ) want to see what I trust ... in God we trust ... ( he pull out a bill and point at it ) the word 's on every bill !!! carol ( slamm the suitcase close ) you keep it up and it will not matter how far we get away , because it 's go to be all over between you and I . do you understand that ? there will not be anything leave . she start the car up again , and continue drive , she knuckle tightening around the steering wheel . 76 . int . clinton be ford - angle - day as it leisurely move along the roadway border by mile of sagebrush . harold drive , Fran be again in the front seat beside she husband ... a scrunch up sack of food beside she . she wipe she mouth with a napkin , shove it inside the paper bag , then turn to watch the pass scenery . rudy sit in the back , eat sparerib . he suddenly throw a just finish bone at Fran , hit she on the shoulder . rudy have a bone , baby . he throw another sparerib at Fran . fran ( shout ) oh , Christ , you wreck my blouse . God damn it , rudy , what do you do that for ? Jesus . rudy ( laugh ) I will tell you why I do it ... it make I feel good . he laugh and again throw another bone at Fran . she suddenly catch he mood and begin laugh herself ... toss a bone back at rudy . harold continue drive . his knuckle whiten around the steering wheel as a sparerib bounce off the window in front of he . the kitten be sleeping within the cardboard box , oblivious to rudy and Fran 's laughter . ( that will be the day . ) ext . SMALL TEXAS town - day the chevy move along with the light mid-day traffic , pass various roadside business establishment , then pull up before a radio / tv repair and sale shop . int . radio / tv store - day all the latest model radios be stack on shelf around the small room ... a television display feature several model be in one corner of the shop . another tv be play near the counter and the proprietor be desk . doc a portable . ( continued ) 77 . continued : proprietor transistor ? doc yeah . the proprietor move to a shelf . the screen . as Doc 's picture suddenly flash onto the tube , with appropriate dialogue . doc staring at the television , then he quickly reach over and snap the set off . the proprietor bring out some radios , seemingly oblivious to Doc 's action . proprietor 15 to 55 dollar -- take you pick . doc turn , then look at the corner of the small shop . all the television sets have Doc 's picture on they . doc turn back to the proprietor -- the man be look at he not at the set . doc ( pay ) fifty -- take a set , he exit . proprietor you have change . but he do not answer . int . car - day carol turn as doc stick he head through the open door , hand she the set . doc we get trouble . let 's take a walk . doc and carol walking up the sidewalk op the SMALL town . they turn into a sport goods store . the chevy be behind they , a block away . 78 . int . radio / tv store the proprietor look carefully out the window at the empty car , then turn and grab he telephone . int . sporting good store carol remains by the front window , pretending to examine some fishing equipment as she keep she eye on the street . Doc move to the counter at the rear of the store . a attendant move up to help doc. salesman ( with a smile ) can I help you ? doc sure can . I would like a invicta 12 - gauge pump with the twenty - inch barrel . salesman all right . shell ? doc two box of double - ought buck . salesman gonna knock down a wall ? doc ( big smile ) might try that . the salesman put a form in front of Doc then go to the gun rack behind he , lift off a short - barrel shotgun and begin to wrap it . salesman sign here . carol , at the front op the store , watch the STREET intently ext . the STREET the radio - repairman exit the shop as a police car come down the street and make a u-turn ... stop near the chevy . after a brief conversation the radio-repairman go back inside he store and the police car pull forward , down the street from the chevy . 79 . int . police car the two cop look like homer and jethro . both man stare hard at the now stake - out chevy . carol -- watching prom the window op the sporting good store at the counter the salesman lay out the gun and the box of shell . as Doc empty the loose shell into he coat pocket : carol turn , look at doc , there eye meet . Doc read she ; he know that the police be in the street . at the counter the salesman put a string around the brown paper salesman be one hundred and eighty - five thirty - two . Doc quickly pay the man . doc much oblige . Doc turn as the salesman drift over to another customer -- he approach Carol at the store window . carol only one car . doc let 's do it . Carol move ahead of Doc , , exit the sport goods store and start up the sidewalk . doc watch her for a moment , then head for the door himself ext . sidewalk carol walk alone back toward the car . int . police car homer and jethro continue staring at the chew . they car be point towards the Radio store , its back to the sport goods house . doc leave the sporting good store , cross the STREET and begin walk up the opposite sidewalk , back towards the chevy . 80 . carol pass the police car and near the chevy int . police car the two rural cop move into action ; they car pull forward and park diagonally across the street , partially block the roadway as xvell as nearly obstruct the chevy . carol stand frozen as homer and jethro hop out of the police car , gun draw . doc cross the STREET behind the cop car he level he big gun ... Doc fire the shotgun through the " brown wrapping paper point blank into the squad car , cave in one side of the machine and blast the radiator into a steaming wreck . Homer and jethro hit the ground , paralyze with fright as they car explode behind they . with three more blast Doc blow most of the top off the police car then calmly reload . doc slide that gun ! the two cop send they gun clatter across the pavement . carol have instantly move back into the chevy , start the engine and begin maneuver it out onto the street . she make a u-turn , then pull up near Doc . doc step forward , kick the two pistol back under the police car near the gas tank . he walk to the back of the car . Carol throw open the passenger door of the chevy . Doc shoot the gas tank of the squad car , it instantly ignites . walk calmly around the burn police car Doc then start to climb into the chevy . Carol revs the engine . Doc pause a moment , look back at the prone police officer and the blaze automobile . ( continued ) 81 . continued : Carol gun the car forward -- Doc , unprepare for the chevy 's sudden movement , fall flat on he face across the pavement . carol throws the chevy into reverse , and roar back to pick up Doc . doc , a little chagrined , pick himself up , grab he gun and jump into the chevy . he slam the door close , Carol again tear forward -- tire peel down the pavement . homer and jethro raise themselves . with very long face they study the burn remain of they once proud squad car . ext . highway the chevy speed out of town , , onto a open stretch of road . int . chevy doc jam one more shell into he paper -wrapped gun -- Carol grip the wheel tightly concentrate on the road ... the chevy continue to accelerate . ext . highway the chevy cross the road' broken white line and pass a lumber Greyhound bus . doc , staring at the highway behind they ; the bus fade off into the horizon ... doc ( finally ) here . the chevy pull off the highway , move up a dirt road for twenty yard then pull into a cornfield of a well laid out farm , smash through the six foot high stalk . well out of sight , the chevy slam to a abrupt halt . doc and carol , running through the cornfield and back up the dirt road toward the highway . Doc still carry he gun in the brown wrapping paper . Carol labor with the suitcase as she run . on the highway doc stand in the middle of the road , wave both arm overhead . the Greyhound bus come to a lurching halt , Doc and Carol scramble aboard . int . bus doc buy two fare from the scowling greyhound driver . the bus again move forward . ( continued ) 82 . continued : doc and carol sitting together on the bus , Doc hold - 4l4 ing he camouflage gun . they lean back on they padded seat as the bus jostle along the road . suddenly ... two Police Cars pass the bus , siren scream , light turn ... Doc and Carol 's eye meet ... one more Black and White pass the bus and race on down the road . dissolve to : ext . TEXAS town - afternoon 4l doc wear a sunbeaten leather jacket , reading a newspaper , while lean against a hot dog stand . one foot rest on the suitcase . the invicta have be re-wrap in a laundry bag . the paper be fill with news of the robbery and a mug shot of Doc . a grey MERCURY pull up near the doggie diner . Carol be drive . Doc walk up to the window of the car . int . MERCURY doc leans in through the window . doc where be you go ? carol El paso . Doc open the door and move into the driver 's seat . doc how much ? carol twenty eight hundred . as she look at he , he smile : doc be you hungry ? carol not now . he drive off . 83. int . clintone station wagon - late night fran be cuddling with rudy in the back seat . harold I have get to stop . rudy ( as Fran !s hand move over he ) I will tell you when . ext . highway - TEXAS - midnight 4l a frontage road border the edge of a good - size town . Carol now drive , , pull off the highway and into a " Oasis " drive - in restaurant . the MERCURY come to a stop within a row of car facing the indoor portion of the restaurant . doc and carol - inside there automobile as the car hop - a skinny girl , wear a brown jacket and slack , approach the car carry two menus . she arrive with a smile . Doc lean forward , look past Carol at the waitress , he lift he hand , not accept the bill of fare . doc that 's okay , honey . two cheeseburger ; two coffee and a milkshake . girl how about fries ? doc ( big smile ) why not ? the car hop walk back across the raise cement sidewalk towards the kitchen area ... int . motel - night harold be tied to a chair , rudy be lying on the bed , half - clothed , eat chicken , drink a beer , while Fran slowly strip down to bra and panty . int . MERCURY at the drive -in restaurant doc and carol watch as the car hop prepare to bolt the serve tray onto the car-door window . girl could you roll it up part way ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : carol sure thing . the girl clamp the tray to the window . the car hop narrow she feature , look at Doc and Carol then smile and turn and head back toward the kitchen . doc reach up and casually adjust the rear view mirror the mirror have be turned to reveal the highway and the entrance to the drive - in' parking lot carol begins to eat , she look casually at the mirror . doc slowly eat he cheeseburger , take a sip of milkshake carol reach for her coffee , spill it and then reach for the light switch knob on the dashboard . the mercury headlight blink on the car hop at the pick - up stand , note the light 429 then turn she head the opposite direction , pretend not to see . doc watch the waitress turn away the car hop stare at the cement pavement . within the kitchen behind she the cook all look toward the parking lot ... they face expectant . doc watching the waitress doc she make we . Carol look into the rear view mirror . across the wide lot a police car appear , cut in off the highway . Doc go into the back seat , Carol kick the engine over , jam the stick into gear . all this be accomplish while stare into the rear view mirror . doc lift the laundry bag -covered shotgun onto he lap . the police car cruise slowly along the line of auto ... int . police car two officer scan the parking lot . the passenger cop cradle a riot gun . passenger cop mercury . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the squad car pull to a stop fifteen feet behind the mercury , seemingly block the way . doc now . carol stand on the accelerator . the MERCURY goe scream forward , as Doc shoot out the back window . then , as the terrify cop duck to the side , he shoot out they front windshield . the mercury bounce up across the sidewalk as the empty plate and glass topple off the serve tray and roll across the concrete . the car slam back down through a vacant space on the opposite side , and move around in a semicircle across the asphalt , head for the highway exit . doc smashes out the rear window with the butt of he shotgun . the black and white now in reverse , zooming back , try to get between the mercury and the highway . carol bring the car around , she can see the squad car streaking backward . she pull the wheel to the right and bring she car across the front of the still stop Police car . the officer try to bring there gun into play as the mercury streak in front of they . doc fire the shotgun twice the police car explode . the hood be lifted off the car . both officer jump out of the vehicle , pour shot after the retreate mercury . carol - scream as the front and back windshield shatter around she . the MERCURY , badly riddle , pull out onto the highway another squad car come speed up in the opposite direction . the Driver hit the brake , the tire smoke along the street as the Black and White scream to a stop . carol pull the MERCURY by the squad car doc fire another two burst ... the police car - the front and back fender be hit ; the wheel disintegrate - the impact of the shell rock the Black and White upward . ( continued ) 86 . continued : the second passenger cop , firing a .38 out he back window at the mercury as it streak down the road . Three hole open up on the trunk of the auto . doc can see both officer jump out of the second Black and White through the rear window . Carol make a quick turn off the highway . the MERCURY roar down the dark STREET into the city's commercial section , suddenly slow , make another sharp turn - this time through a red light . down a smaller STREET filled with shop - carol round the corner , whip up to the curb - Doc and Carol jump out of the car . she carry the suitcase , he hang onto he big gun . doc and carol , moving down a deserted sidewalk ; the SOUND of siren . they round a corner , then quickly move into a alley . the alley be narrow , deserted . doc and carol pull back into a alcove as a prowl car go scream down the street and off into the night . they continue down the alley . the opposite entrance to the alley be blocked by a large metal garbage container , and the driver empty two can of garbage into it . then he start across the narrow street beyond in order to grab several other . doc look behind he , then grab carol be arm . they run for the container . Doc toss the suitcase into the container , jump in , reach back , pull Carol in beside he . siren again sound close by . after a moment , a large garbage truck pull up , lift the container with hook and dump the garbage and Doc and Carol into the truck . a series op angle as a crusher begins to move toward they inside the truck . Doc and Carol start to panic , but they have room enough . within the truck doc wiggle he .45 out of he jacket and into he hand . he , Carol and the suitcase be crush tightly amongst the garbage . a moment after Doc frees he gun , a load of garbage descend on they shelter , partially obscure they . the truck pull out doc and carol sweat ... breathing hard . again the SOUND of siren ... the truck lurch forward . ( continued ) 87 . continued : the truck move along the empty street , pass several prowling squad car . ext . street - series of angle - sunrise the garbage man drive the truck , making stop , throw in more refuse . the truck continue along . doc and carol - there face cover with perspiration and fly ... bury within they enclosure under the moist garbage . a garbage dump - morning the truck growls along the rutted pathway surround by acre of open trash . area within the dump reveal the slow , smoulder fire ... the truck back up to a huge crater half -filled with refuse the driver revs the engine , pull the bed lift gear the truck bed rise and tilt forward , as the load of trash tumble down the face of the crater . doc and carol slide down the mountain of filth , and stumbling forward they climb into a large cardboard box . the driver get out of the cab , check to see that the garbage be go from the truck bed . on he way back to the cab he find a magazine to he like near a shred auto tire . with he newly - find prize , the Driver re-enter the truck and drive away . the BOX lie at the bottom of the crater amongst the break bottle , melon rind , flashlight battery , tin can , use tire . doc saws at a corner of the cardboard BOX with he penknife . the matte paper give away , allow they more room within the box . doc okay ? carol I think so ... I do not know . Doc put he hand to she face , wiping away a thin trace of blood from a scratch . doc it 's not deep . ( continued ) 88 . continued : Carol try to smile for the first time in quite a while . carol no scar ? doc no scar . Doc look across the garbage through the open end of the crate . the heat and the fly have become unbearable . Carol begin to scratch she leg . doc ( cont 'd ) do not scratch it , just rub , you will get a infection . Carol ignore he , she be in bad shape . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) do what I tell you , it 's not a game . carol it 's all a game , do not bother I . Doc stare at the garbage around they . doc we better stick here till tonight . carol ( down ) yeah . Doc smile , try to get she to smile again . doc we be go to make it . carol ( further down ) sure ... Carol rub one hand along she now terribly soile , tweed suit . she look away from Doc . Doc stare at she muss hair and tear-stain cheek . doc I want to say something . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) carol ( quiet defeat ) I do not want to hear it . doc ( softly ) listen to I . it 's hard enough . Carol turn back , face Doc . they eye find one another . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) look , what you say yesterday ... I guess that be right . it be not worth anything if we do not make it together . carol I do not think we can any more ... if we ever get out of here , maybe I should take off ... doc we get this far . carol we have come a lot of mile . but we be not close to anything . doc I guess you be right . a pause . carol I always think jail make people hard . not you . you be just not tough enough to forget about beynon . I choose you , not he . doc either we pick it up or else we leave it right here . we get to go one way or another . carol ( set the condition ) no more about beynon . doc whatever happen it 's over . a pause . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 3 ) carol ( not trust he mouth ) sound good . doc you want to try with I ? carol ( smile ) thing can not get much worse can they ? doc I do not see how . a long moment . carol ( finally talcing Doc 's arm ) okay . doc ( slow smile ) you and I . carol can we make it ? doc we get to Mexico , we can have a life . carol that 's all I want ... it 's the only thing I have ever want . as she pull herself against he : doc I be go to try and get it for you . they pull each other closer , tightly hold one another . rudy be lying in bed reading a newspaper pilled with doc and carol . the fact that they have be see in the North . he smile . Fran be in the bed beside he asleep naked under the sheet . rudy ( call softly ) harold , you have have ten minute , get out of there . no answer . rudy get up and cross to the bathroom . 91 . int . bathroom - day harold be hanging from a bracket . very dead and not very pretty . rudy look at he , then sit on the John continue to read he paper . ext . garbage dump - late day carol and doc climb out of the garbage and begin walking hand in hand . int . cattle car - night 48l doc and carol huddle together on the floor of the empty car . they hold one another tightly fight the cold and the relentless roar of metal wheel . int . EL paso self -cleaning store - early morning carol and doc be the only customer . they sit in booth while they clothes be be clean ( door open at bottom ) . int . men' room service station - day doc and carol wash the grime from there hand and face . ext . new construction - EL paso - early evening doc and carol walk through like tourist . int . lobby of laughline HOTEL - EL paso - morning rudy and fran enter the HOTEL , each of they carrying overnight bag . cannon watch they from across the room , carefully clean he tooth with a cinnamon toothpick . int . FOURTH floor corridor laughlin HOTEL - morning laughlin lead rudy and fran down the dark - wall hallway , stop before room number 4l8 . laughlin turn the key in the lock , open the door . laughlin it 's hard to figure . there 's something about the composition of the track at pimlico ... you can not go by the clock , any speed horse , take a second off any other track in the country . int . room 418 92 . as the group enter . laughlin ( continue ) ... but a speed horse be the only thing that consistently hold form . they get to let them run , dumb God damn trainer try to rate them , just break they heart . rudy kick the door shut with a slam , grab laughlin 's shoulder , spin he around , hit he full in the stomach . as laughlin begin to fall rudy catch he , wallop he again in the mid-section , then throw he back into a ratty armchair . rudy instantly pull out he .44 and shove it hard against laughlin 's mouth . rudy okay , sweetpea , you get two choice . live or die . rudy ( cont 'd ) do what I tell you , you not only get to live , but maybe you will pick up some money . laughlin ( still breathless ) just tell I . rudy first thing first . Main thing , you work for I , otherwise I get you . if I do not , six month from now one of my friend will . ext . EL paso STREET - day cannon at phone booth . he slip a dime into the slot . int . accountant's office - day the accountant hang up the phone . accountant El paso . laughline . rudy 's arrive . doc in phone booth place call int . laughline HOTEL 93. laughlin pick up the phone . laughlin sure , doc. I can do it . just like old time ... yeah , it 's a nervous way to live . ext . EL paso STREET - next day - early afternoon carol and doc sit on a wooden bench at a park near the HOTEL . the black suitcase be on the ground . across the STREET from the bench be laughlin be . four storey of red brick . a doc get up and cross to the HOTEL without the bag int . laughline HOTEL - day doc enter and cross to laughlin who be behind the desk . the switchboard be now vacant . doc Jimmy . how 's it go ? laughlin ( shaking hand , laugh ) good to see you , doc. ( hand he a paper ) it 's all there , departure , arrival - everything except the $ 500 . Doc pay he , look closely into he eye . Jimmy have not change and it 's set . doc how 's mama and the kid ? laughlin grow -- all of they - every day . ( then ) 318 , you will be the only one on the floor . doc my lady ' 11 come in in about five minute . have some food send up in half a hour . laughlin just sandwich ... doc right . ( continued ) 94 . continued : he pick up the room key . Doc start for the elevator . doc ( cont 'd ) when she get here , have that kid of yours help she with the suitcase . laughlin he take the day off . doc then you do it . laughlin can not leave the desk . Doc give laughlin a half - piss look , then cross to the elevator and pull the cage door open . laughlin watch the rickety , self - service elevator move upward . he reach for the desk phone . int . room 4l8 - day fran , wearing only a bathrobe , be do she nail while watch a old movie on the black and white tube , seat on the bed . the phone begin to ring . Fran look over to rudy from she overstuff armchair . rudy okay , grunt , pick it up . elevator door - third floor carol emerge through the sliding door and turn down the corridor . she walk slowly , carry the heavy suitcase . reaching the door to room 31 oj Carol knock rapidly three time , wait , then rap out two set of two knock . the door swing open and Doc stand within the archway . she enter . Doc shut the door and slip he arm around Carol , revealing he .45 automatic in one hand . int . rudy's HOTEL room rudy be spinning the chamber on he .44 then shove it into he coat pocket . Fran be get dress in the middle of the room , she breast and thigh ripple outward from the confines of the bra and girdle . the calico kitten sleep peacefully in its cardboard box . 95 . int . bathroom 3l8 carol be in the shower , steam hang in the AIR as she vigorously soap she body , cleanse herself of the residue leave from they cross -country flight . doc in the MAIN room be stand at the large window face across to the building next to laughlin . the fire escape be one story beneath he . Doc cross , throw the suitcase on the bed , undoe the strap and snap , lift the lid open . he stare at the huge amount of money for a moment , then dig into the suitcase , reach down to the bottom . he withdraw he hand , hold four visa .. he put two of they on the bureau drawer top ... the other two he begin to tear into section and place they into a large ashtray . he touch a match to the scrap . the flame curl around rudy's photograph in the ashtray . ext . AIR terminal - EL paso entrance - day the accountant . , swain , cully and hayhoe approach a parked oldsmobile ... a hood be drive . int . room on the bed in doc and carol be room , the suitcase be now close ; the .45 automatic sit beside it ... Doc 's overcoat also lie across the bedpsread , near it the wrap shotgun . the poster be again on the wall . carol still in the bathroom of room 318 . she wear only a slip . Carol be wash out she bra and panty in the washbasin , use a coarse bar of soap . Doc enter ; he begin take off he shirt . doc we have get some food come , should be here any minute . carol great . I be go to sleep twelve hour . doc ten. laughlin 's go to take we across at four a.m. carol ( mild complaint ) oh , Jesus ... how ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : doc Jeep . there 's a dry river bed fifteen mile east . he take we to the mexican side , drop we off at the airfield by breakfast ... we have get a 9 o'clock flight . carol ( smile ) I will be ready . doc ( down ) yeah . carol what 's wrong ? doc ( shrug ) I do not know . carol get in the shower . you will feel okay . doc ( smile ) whatever you say . int . FOURTH floor hallway as rudy and fran emerge from there room . the door shut behind they , rudy guide Fran to the stair . int . bathroom 318 doc stand in the shower , the hard spray breaking over the back of he skull . tire , he close he eye , rest the side of he head against the tile . int . bedroom 318 carol still wearing the slip , she lie back across the bed . her eyelid slowly fall shut . Carol have push the suitcase , overcoat and .45 off to one side . rudy and fran come down the stair . rudy put one hand inside he overcoat . inside the oldsmobile - EL paso CITY street as the hood drive , swain be beside he in the front , cully , the accountant and hayhoe ride in the back seat . 97 . int . room 318 carol be napping lightly on the bed as doc burst out of the bathroom ... again dress in he short , hold he pants in one hand . doc get up I Carol 's eye snap open . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) we be move now ! he quickly pull he pants on ... carol what be it ? doc laughlin . he 's always get he family around ... that wife and kid of he have to stand by he side to make sure he stay off the juice and horse . carol so what ? doc if they be not here , he must have send they away . int . corridor third floor rudy and fran step into the hallway toward room 3l8a pass several room . Fran 's face be taut . rudy start he nervous grin . int . room doc snap he zipper close , reach for he shirt . carol you be crazy . doc ( hard ) get you clothes on , move you butt . she look at he , do not move . carol sorry . look , I be clean . I want to get some rest . ( continued ) 98 . continued : she be interrupt by a hard knock on the door . Doc drop he shirt to the floor . he quickly reach down , lift he .45 . Doc gesture to Carol ... she move towards the door . carol ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; now at doorway ) who be it ? int . hallway Fran stand at the door to 318 . rudy be at she shoulder ; he have take out he revolver . fran it 's you food , I bring up you sandwich ... inside 318 Carol stand near the door. , look at Doc . he mouth and half - whisper : doc stall . Doc whip he pen knife out of he pocket , cross the room to the lock door of a adjoin hotel room . he begin force the lock . carol just leave it outside the door ... I be not dress right now . after a moment : fran I can not do that , mar 'am . you have to pay now so I can pay back the boy that go out and get the food ... doc work on the door ; he .45 shove into the waistband of he pants . carol think hard ... carol all right . you will have to hold on a minute , my husband 's in the shower ... doc break the lock and open the door -- he quickly cross the dark apartment , move to the front door , slip out he automatic , then gingerly crack the door . his eye tighten in amazement as he see : ( continued ) 99 . continued : rudy stand slightly behind fran , he .44 hold tightly up to the door jamb , ready for instantaneous use . rudy and Fran be 15 foot down the hallway from Doc 's slightly open door . they both have they back turn to he in three - quarter fashion . doc barefooted . , bare - chested ; he decide on a course of action . the door swing quietly open . within the hallway , doc close the distance between himself and rudy in two swift stride , rudy turn , , swinging he gun , too late , as Doc 's .45 crash against he head . rudy drop . Fran scream . rudy look at Doc , still smile , eye glaze . he fall abruptly . Doc stand over the fall body . Fran continue to scream . Doc finally turn away from rudy , look now at the scream woman . he flatten she with a leave hook to the jaw . Fran drop to the floor as if she have be shot . suddenly everything in the corridor be silent . rudy's head be bloodied . he lie without movement . doc now slam at the door of 318 doc open it up , it 's I . Carol swing the door open . Doc burst back into the room , grab he shirt , begin to button it . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) come on , come on . carol who be it ? doc just get you clothes on ... the FOURTH floor corridor as doc and carol come back out of 318 they step over the fall body and start toward the wait elevator . Carol stop as she recognize rudy . Doc pull she along , force she to keep move . Carol again carry the brown suitcase , Doc hold the shotgun . they go down the back ( or front ) stair . 100 . int . lobby the accountant stand at one corner op the reception counter in the lobby of laughlins . within a alcove behind and to one side of the desk ( the area serve as a office ) cully , swain and hayhoe have stretch laughlin across the pine desk . the accountant eye both the empty lobby and the entrance to the hotel3 act as lookout . cully inside the alcove lift a snapped off leg of the heavy chair to use as a club . the thug turn back to the desk where swain and hayhoe have laughlin pinion . cully just tell we the room number . laughlin look back at cully . he be very frighten but say nothing . cully slam the wooden club down on laughlin kneecap cully now you want to tell I ? laughlin mccoy 's in 318 . , the other guy 's in 420 . cully sure about that ? he again whacks laughlin 's knee . int . lobby stair doc and carol emerge , , moving quickly for the . main entrance . they get five step before simultaneously see the accountant . carol Doc ! Doc and Carol freeze for a instant . the accountant snap he finger twice . cully lower he club , look to the accountant , as do swain and hayhoe . the accountant smile , stare at Doc and Carol . accountant ( calmly to he man ) out here . ( continued ) 101 . continued : cully , swain and hayhoe appear from the alcove behind the accountant . they look over he shoulder toward the rear of the hotel , they eye find Doc and Carol . int . within the MAIN lobby doc have one hand in he outside coat pocket , wrapped around the .45 . Carol continue to hold the suitcase up in front of herself , almost like a shield . the distance between Doc and Carol and the hotel entrance have be effectively cut off by the four opponent stand near the reception desk . Carol edge backward a few step , toward the massive wooden staircase . accountant just have she set it down . Doc 's hand come out of he coat pocket , a slow gesture revealing that he palm be empty . doc you want it ? come and take it . the accountant now planked by the three men accountant ( quietly ) get he . as the three man reach for they gun . doc move much paster . he duck to the right , level the disguise shotgun and fire in the same movement . the reception desk near the accountant splinter from the blast and he be hit painfully . the other three man duck away from the sudden burst of fire power . doc and carol jump for the stair hayhoe level he pistol at the retreating couple another shot from Doc 's riot gun ... this one break open the floor at hayhoe 's foot and cut he down at the knee . cannon , cully , swain and Max open fire as they dive for cover . they miss they shot , digging up wall , stair and flooring . on the winding stairway doc and carol flee upward she struggle with the heavy suitcase , Doc transfer the riot gun to he leave hand , pull out the more accurate .45 to use with he right . 102 . within the lobby the six men split force cully and the accountant run to the elevator , enter it , pull the door shut . swain and hayhoe , limping , and cannon and Max start for the stairwell in direct pursuit of Doc and Carol . all the man , save the accountant , now have gun in they hand . swain and hayhoe cautiously go upward . still below the first level landing , they eye search overhead . the SOUND of Doc and Carol 's pound foot can be hear . hayhoe leans out over the banister , point he gun directly up and fire . doc and carol between the first and second floor landing as hayhoe 's bullet tear by , rip through the wooden banister support . inside the elevator the accountant and cully watch the arrow indicator pass " two . " doc aiming he .45 resting it on the banister he fire two shot back down the stairwell . swain and hayhoe moving up the step two at a time suddenly hayhoe 's leg buckle as a .45 slug tear through he hip , the other bullet rip the plaster wall near he shoulder . swain be now beside the banister , he point he 54l revolver straight up ... empty it . doc and carol as swain' bullet break around they . Doc pull Carol down , lift the riot gun and fire down the stairwell with a huge roar . the staircase ten feet in front of swain be smashed by Doc 's blast . swain have to climb over the uproote planking to continue move upward . cannon follow . the elevator indicator stopping at " three " cully pull OPEN the door , move out into the corridor . the accountant remain within the elevator . swain on the stairway fire he pistol upward carol , on the stairway above , as the shot smash past , run ahead of Doc by three step . they pass the second landing , keep move upwards towards the third . ( continued ) 103 . continued : Doc 's focus of attention be downward . he know that he and Carol be be pursue up the stairwell , but he be not aware of the fact that the gunsels have split they force . rudy on the third floor again rise like lazarus from the dead . his head bloody from Doc 's heavy pistol , he slowly wobble to he foot . rudy look down at Fran ... she sob violently , she back lean against the wall . rudy pick up he .44 then stumble into the open door of Doc and Carol 's room . he unsteadily cross to the bathroom , close the door . carol frantically moving upward , doc have now fallen five step behind . doc fire the .45 down the stairwell at swain on the third floor cully walk cautiously down the corridor , pistol raise . he move toward the landing , have cover one quarter of the distance from the elevator . the accountant be still within the elevator . Carol come up the stairwell and look back for Doc . the SOUND of swain 's pistol and Doc 's answer .45 . Carol sense a movement ; she turn and see cully 's gun levele at she . as Carol scream : Doc dive onto the landing face the corridor ... he plane of movement knee high. , , the riot gun in he leave hand , .45 in he right . cully be hit in the chest by buckshot . the kill wound fling he upward as he fire he own gun ... he aim destroy by the death blow , , the bullet stray above Carol , high of they mark . doc fire three time more at the elevator cable the corridor wall near the elevator be smashed by one of the riot gun 's jumbo shot , as be the top of the elevator . the plaster fly away revealing further damage . the cable be smashed , the elevator break loose and plummet downward . the emergency cable , inside the shaft the mechanism transfers over , line catch within the pulley housing . the line snap taut - halting the speed car . within the lobby 104 . as the elevator slam to a wrenching stop five feet above the floor level . the accountant bounce from the floor of the car to the ceiling , then back to the floor . laughlin lean across the reception desk in great pain . he see the suspend car through the iron grill door . the accountant lie completely still on the floor of the elevator . his head and neck twisted at a oblique angle . doc on the third floor landing he jam several shell into he riot gun while holding he .45 ready for a appearance by swain . reloading complete , he stand , with Carol . he again begin to move upward . swain fire from the stairwell doc stop , sets both the riot gun and the .45 on 562 the banister ... he wait ... on the wind staircase below he there be a dark movement . doc fire both gun the stairwell around swain disintegrate . the thug be obliterate by the firepower . doc cannot see the effect of he shot . he again resume he flight upward . int . doc' bathroom rudy hold he bloody head in the sink BOWL , dumbly splash water over himself . Carol 's underwear be still present . rudy 's pistol lie on the soap tray . the landing as doc and carol come pounding into view . no further avenue open , they turn down the corridor . Doc grab Carol and push she into the room , past Fran ; he kick the door shut . int . the room doc grab the suitcase , run to the window , tear off the shade , lift the frame , look . the drop be too far . he grab Carol and run into the hallway . int . corridor they run down two door and break in . over the door be the sign " Fire escape . " 105 . int . FIRE escape room doc help carol out onto the FIRE escape . he aid she with he leave hand , the riot gun now clutch tightly in he right . he motion , she hand he the suitcase and follow . ext . FIRE escape they descend the FIRE escape . they reach the end . the fire escape stay rigid . Doc cautiously step on to the tilt step . he turn and with the suitcase cross to the end . throw the bag and the shotgun across the 6 foot gap to the retain wall , prepare to jump . rudy come out of the room onto the FIRE escape hold he .44 . he look down at Doc , then slowly raise he gun . Carol scream . doc jump . rudy fire . doc be hit in the side ( flesh wound ) . in the air he spin and land . rudy fire again and again as he run down the fire escape . Doc roll , pick up the shotgun and fire . rudy's time have come . the jumbo charge mash he back against the wall and off the fire escape . carol run almost staggering and get ready to jump the six foot . the FIRE escape . begins to sink . carol look at doc mutely , as she sink beneath the retain wall . doc ( he hand out ) jump ! and she do . he catch she and pull she up . they look at one another for a long moment , then he stand and help she to she foot , and leave the shotgun behind they walk into the alley . rudy lie dead behind they in a parking lot at the end of the alley , slim , a tough , grizzly western be about to pull out . Doc open the back door and Carol get in . Doc open the front door as slim turn and look at he . ( continued ) 106 . continued : doc ( .45 in hand , point ) drive . slim suit yourself . he let out a yell and gun across the lot over the four foot drop to the sidewalk and into and off a car and into the street . slim ( cont 'd ) ( grin ) how be that ? doc ( smile in spite of himself ) just fine . slim where we go in1 ? doc Mexico . I would like to find a quiet place to cross . slim why not ? the car pull forward as the light blink to green . ext . STREET as the car pass a intersection , several police car can be see arrive at the front of laughlin . the car continue move up the street , then make a right onto a larger boulevard . Doc half turn to Carol . doc you okay ? carol ( nodd ) where do we go from here ? doc I do not know , airport I guess . ( continued ) 107 . continued : carol they will have we description before we can get a plane . doc ( way down ) yeah . slim I guess you be not gonna shoot I , be you ? doc I kinda doubt it . slim be obviously pleased that some excitement have come into he life . slim that 's good ... I will cooperate , do not worry about that ... yes sir , I have have some trouble with the law myself . Doc and Carol look at the man . slim ( cont 'd ) Three year ago I dynamite some fish at the reservoir . carol ( beginning to laugh ) oh my God . slim that little job cost I a hundred dollar ... do not even get to keep the fish . doc ( resign to the insanity of the moment ) let 's just get to the border . slim sure thing , mister , it 's come right up . ' Bout a hour . quiet crossing that be . ext . caseta bridge crossing - day the american official simply wave the car by . at the white line a mexican custom officer emerge from the station house . as he look inside the car : ( continued ) 108 . continued : official buenas tarde ... you destination . slim ( speak right up ) Chihuahua ... gonna do some sightseeing . the official smile and motion they past . int . car as it head into chihuahua on the mexican side . slim which way ? doc juarez - Chihuahua City road . slim do not you want to go to the airport ? doc not now . carol how long before this car 's hot ? doc ( after a moment ) pull over . slim stop the car near the soft shoulder of the dirt road . Doc look at slim . doc ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) listen ... how much money do you make this year ? slim ( slightly offended ) what 's it to you ? doc ( patient ) come on . how much ? slim ' Bout five thousand . ( continued ) 109 . continued : doc how about if I buy you car for ten grand ? slim you serious ? doc sure be . slim and I keep my mouth shut ? doc that 's what I want . slim I do not report the car and I do not know either of you ? doc you get it . slim how about twenty thousand ? - doc how about thirty ? slim ( delighted ) done , by god. Doc turn to Carol . doc pay the man . as she begin to open the suitcase ... a wad of money disappearing into slim' pocket doc look at slim doc you be go to have to walk back to the border . slim do not worry about I , I will grab a cab ... I can afford it , you know . ( continued ) 110 . continued : slim step out of the car , Carol move into the front seat as Doc slide behind the wheel . slim ( cont 'd ) ( continue , lean through the window ) hope you get to where you be go . carol thanks . hope you do too . slim by the way , you be get a hell of a car there , mister . doc ( laugh ) well , I pay a hell of a price . now for God 's sake keep you mouth shut . slim ( he pride hurt ) wish you have not say that . when slim canfield 's lip be seal , they be seal . doc ( smile ) go with God . doc slip the car into gear . slim one thing though ... how do I explain this to my wife ? carol tell she you rob a bank ... the car pull forward . slim wave goodbye , then turn and begin walk back down the highway . back inside the car , doc accelerate away carol be we go to make it ? doc Hell , I do not know ... but we sure give it a run . ( continued ) 111 . continued : carol ( positive with a small smile ) whatever happen ... we be go all the way . doc ( smile ) yeah , why not ? we be the good guy . carol I guess we be . after a moment : doc why do not you try the news ? Carol snap on the radioj the voice of a mexican announcer be hear . carol no more news , from now on we be just go to listen to music . she spin the dial . mariachi music come on . ext . MAIN highway as they hit the MAIN highway , doc pull off and stop . carol what now ? doc we walk . they be walking along the highway , the edsel be now a dot in the background . another dot appear , grow bigger , as it get closer it be a bus . very mexican but very Greyhound in appearance . Doc and Carol turn , Doc flag it down . it pull to a stop , they board . the bus pull out . int . bus doc pay and then follows carol to a seat . they sit . Mexico roll by outside the window . they look at each other and smile . ( continued ) 112 . continued : voice ( o.s. ) hey ! Doc and Carol look back . the black panther be leaning over the seat , he empty fist cocked up like a pistol . he grin . black panther ( pull the trigger ) bang ! Doc and Carol look at he . freeze frame . fade out . the end