Rev. 09/07/94 ( Blue ) Rev. 10/12/94 ( pink ) the bridge of madison county by '' Richard lagravenese warner bros . / amblin / malpaso August 25 , 1994 bridge of madison county - Rev. 9/7/94 fade in : ext . johnson farmhouse - day carolyn , mid -40s , be stand in the doorway of the farmhouse watch a car drive up the road towards she . a lawyer be unload a briefcase from the trunk of he car . as the car approach , carolyn smile . she step out of the doorway and head for the car , out of which exit she brother michael and he country girl wife betty , a stout buxom chatterbox . both boast Florida tan and fashion style . michael ( to carolyn ) explain to I again why we do not do this in Des Moines in a air condition office ? — ~ carolyn Mom 's order . michael be that the lawyer ? carolyn ( nod ) I have some sandwich fixing if you be hungry . betty ( proudly ) no , we just have lunch at the hotel with my brother and he new wife . she tell I all the dirt . i. forget how interesting thing can get around here . it be so good to see they . the last time we visit they be in Europe . he be do so well . he order champagne . for lunch ! I nearly die . michael I nearly die when I have to pick up the check . ( continued ) continued : betty Michael do not understand . people who make the kind of money my brother make do not carry money on they . they keep it all in various account . michael then we should have have lunch at the bank . carolyn try not to laugh . Betty shoot he a dirty look , then stop take in the house and its surroundings . betty Boy . it sure have be a long time . michael ( correct she ) we be here two christmase ago . betty well , that 's a long time . : michael it 's not that long . betty ( suddenly upset ) well why do not I just say black so you can say white ! ( to carolyn ) do not be surprised to find you brother have not change a iota . he hardly ever talk and when he do it 's in that tone ! you should have hear he at lunch -- not two word until the bill come and then he say , ' Worth every penny . 's michael ( defensive ) so! betty ( angry ) i i onet like you be angry at I , at my brother , at the world for force you to eat a nice lunch ! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) michael oh , Jesus . betty ( start to cry ) I simply can not stand that tone ! carolyn ( sympathetically ) come inside . you be just tired from the trip . : she comfort Betty , who indulge in the attention . betty i’ be so sick and tired of apologize and not know what I have do ! carolyn I be sure you have not do anything . have some iced tea . how be the kid ? . michael we drop they off with Betty 's mom . where 's Steve ? carolyn ( uncomfortably ) he 's not come . Betty suddenly stop cry and abrasively focus on carolyn 's problem . betty aw , be he still cheating on you , hon ? carolyn suddenly lose sympathy for she . CUT to : int . live room - day the lawyer hand Michael a document . lawyer just sign here as have receive the content from the safe deposit box . ( more ) ( continued ) bridge of madison county - Rev. 10/12/94 4 . continued : lawyer ( cont 'd ) ( as Michael do ) and this one , which clear the bank of all further responsibility for the content . Betty whisper to carolyn . betty this be kind of exciting . you think we will find out you mother have secret million lie around ? carolyn smile weakly . Michael hand back the papers . ee lawyer all right . why do not we begin ? he take out francesca ' 's last will and Testament . lawyer you mother have be interred at Cedar Heights funeral Home until arrangement can be make . - michael ( to carolyn ) I think everything be arrange . carolyn well , there 's a problem . michael what problem ? lawyer you mother leave explicit instruction that she wish to be cremate , michael cremated ?! betty eeeww ! carolyn I know . I do not understand it either . michael when do she decide this ? ( continued ) bridge of madison county - Rev. 10/12/94 continued : ( 2 ) lawyer ( read will ) apparently just before she death . michael well , that 's crazy . I do not know anybody who get cremate . betty lot of people do . michael well , no one in my family do ! dad buy cemetery plot at prairie Hills . one for he , one for Mom . lawyer it clearly state in the will -- . michael I do not care what it say ! maybe Mom be delirious , you know . she do not know what she be say . if she want to be cremate , why the hell do she let dad buy two plot , huh ? lawyer well , she be very specific . she want she ash to be throw off roseman Bridge . michael what ?! betty how bizarre ! carolyn Mr. Peterson , be you sure Mom write all this ? lawyer well , it be notarize and witness by a Mrs. Lucy delaney . maybe you can ask she . michael who the hell be Lucy delaney ? carolyn I remember a Mrs. delaney but Mom tell I year ago she die . ( continued ) 2 a continued : ( 3 ) 2 michael well , I do not care if it 's legal or not , we be not cremate she and throw she off some bridge where we can not even go visit she because she 's go to be blow all over the place like a ashtray . betty not to mention people drive over she and doggy do they business -- ° michael ( interrupt ) . we be not do it ! I be not even sure it 's Christian . betty maybe it 's a italian thing . ( to lawyer ) . they mother be italian . michael do not matter . move on . the woman dare not object . the lawyer raise he eyebrow and continue : lawyer well , we will come back to that . shall we open the box ? jump CUT to : same scene - close on safety deposit BOX - moment 2a later . a key be insert and the lid be open . there be many papers , deed , etc . Michael begin sorting through this . carolyn notice a manila envelope address to she mother , postmark 1965 . she open it up to find two letter and a photograph -- francesca stand near a cover bridge , she hair wind - blow , she expression serene , beautiful and sad . carolyn Michael , look -- I have never see this picture of Mom , have you ? Betty and Michael look over she shoulder . he shake " no . " ( continued ) 2 a continued : 2a carolyn it be in this envelope from 1965 . betty she 's not wear a bra. ( take bridge photo ) this be holliwell Bridge , in case anyone 's interested . interested , yes , but no one think anything of it . Michael return to the other papers . Betty take the photograph for further examination . carolyn open one of the letter and begin to read . the follow dialogue be hear 0.s. , as camera angle on carolyn read one of the letter : betty ( 0.s. ) it 's a beautiful picture of she . michael ( 0.s. ) ( to lawyer ) why be there two deed here ? lawyer ( 0.s. ) one be for the original parcel you father buy and this one be for the additional acre he purchase in ' 59 . michael ( 0.s. ) and this ? lawyer ( 0.s. ) that be bill of sale from the equipment you mother sell in ... they conversation continue 0.s. throughout they conversation , we focus on carolyn as she read and she expression sink into one of shock and confusion . she flip to the last page of the letter to read who it be from . she can not believe she eye . betty ( 0.s. ) what 's that ? carolyn . jump a little , so engross in she discovery . she lie . carolyn oh , just a old letter from a friend . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 2 a betty ( laugh ) no treasure map , huh ? carolyn ( laugh nervously ) no. Betty start inspect knick - knack around the house she might be able to take . carolyn look to Michael . . carolyn Michael . michael ( read document ) yeah ? carolyn Michael . michael ( irritate ) what !? carolyn come here a minute . Michael cross impatiently to carolyn . carolyn look around to the other , then guide he 0.s. into the kitchen for privacy . he protest . michael what ? where be we go ? they exit . alone with the impatient lawyer , Betty examine a vase as she pump he for info . betty do she say anything in there about I ? leave I anything in particular ? lawyer no . Betty prattles on as she examine each item , much to the lawyer 's dismay , hide she resentment and hurt . ( continued ) 2a continued : ( 3 ) 2 a betty I do not expect so . she never like I . it 's okay . I always know . think we marry too young . nobody break he arm -- that 's what I say , but you know mother and son . also , she never like the fact of we move to Florida although that 's where the opportunity be . could not deny that . suppose we should have visit more but you know she hardly ever make a effort to come to Tampa . not even to see she grandchild . she be a cold woman . they say italian be hot blooded but not she . she be ~ cool as ice . ( pick up a candlestick ) she leave this to anyone ? Michael and carolyn reenter the live room . Michael 's expression now match carolyn in disbelief . grateful , betty what 's go on ? michael um ... we be just wonder how it might be better if carolyn and I go over the stuff by ourselves . not keep you two wait around . i'11l contact you office about the legal work . the lawyer pack up to leave . betty I do not mind wait . michael well , there 's a lot of boring stuff to do . list of people we have to write to . find Mom 's relative ' address in Italy -- stuff like that . betty well , I can help . michael I say no ! ( continued ) 2 a 10 . continued : ( 4 ) 24 that come out a bit aggressively . Betty be hurt . michael why do not you go to you mother 's ? or back to the hotel . sit in some air conditioning . take a bath . betty ( near tear ) I do not need instruction from you to bathe ! ( get she bag ) I know you would do this ! I know I would come all the way here and be shut out as usual ! I come to be here for you ! I do not have to come ! ( genuinely hurt ) Lord know I be never much welcome in this house before . apparently dead - or alive , nothing 's change . carolyn aw , Betty . carolyn feel badly for she . a impatient Michael refuse sympathy . embarrass , Betty start to exit , then stop at the mantle . betty carolyn -- you want this candlestick ? carolyn no . I would like you to have they . Betty grab they both and exit . carolyn look at he disapprovingly . Michael take the letter from she hand . michael now what 's this about ? CUT to : int . kitchen - later 3 sitting at the kitchen table , carolyn be in the middle of read the letter to Michael . ( continued ) il . continued : carolyn '... go over and over in my mind every detail , every moment of we time together and I ask myself , " what happen to I in . madison County ? " I struggle to put it together in a way that allow I to continue know we be on Separate road . but then I look through the lens of my camera , and you be there . I start to write a article and I find myself write it to you . it 's clear to I now we have be move towards each other , towards that four day , all we life -- ' michael ( rise ) I do not want to hear anymore ! burn the damn thing ! I do not want to hear it ! throw it away ! carolyn continue read silently . Michael 's curiosity get the best of he . michael what 's he say now ? carolyn well , he just go on about how if Mom ever need he , she could find he through the National geographic Magazine in Washington , d.c . he be a photographer . he promise not to write again . then all it say be ... ( beat ) I love you ... Robert . michael Robert ! Jesus ! I '11 kill he . carolyn that would be some trick . he 's already dead . that 's what this other letter be . ( take letter and skim ) from he attorney . he leave most of he thing to Mom and request ... she stop . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) michael what ? : carolyn that he be cremate and he ash throw off roseman Bridge . michael amn he ! I know Mom would not have think of that herself . it be some damn pervert ... photographic mind influence she ! when do the bastard die ? carolyn " 82 . michael wait a minute ! that be three year after daddy . do you think ...? carolyn I do not know . I be completely in the dark here . that 's what I get for move away . michael this happen way before we both get marry . I ... I can not believe it . ( then , innocently ) you think she have sex with he ? carolyn can not believe he be this dense . carolyn ( sarcastic ) my Lord . it must feel real nice live inside you head with Peter Pan and the Easter Bunny . michael do not talk to I like that . she be my mother , for Christ 's sake . and now I find out she be ... she be . a -- carolyn do not say that ! michael well what be I suppose to think ? ( continued ) 3 a 13 . continued : ( 3 ) 3 carolyn I can not believe she never tell I ? we speak at least once a week . how could she do that ? michael how do she meet he ? do dad know ? anything else in that envelope ? carolyn no , I do not think so . I -- she dump it over and a small key fall out . pause , as carolyn and Michael look to each other -- they grab the key and run out of the kitchen , almost comically fall ever each other in they obsession to put this puzzle together . series of jump cut 3a from one lock to another as they try to find the keyhole that fit the key -- they try closet , attic door , jewelry box , night table , vanity drawer ... finally -- int . bedroom - day 4 at the foot of they parent 's bed sit a walnut hope chest , cover with a tapestry . Michael and carolyn look to each other first , before one remove the tapestry and the other try the key . it fit . they open the chest to find : camera equipment , a chain with a medallion that read " francesca , " three leather bound notebook -- and a seal envelope with " carolyn or Michael " write on it . carolyn /michael you read it ! carolyn relent . she take out the letter and read : carolyn " January , 1987 . dear carolyn . I hope you be read this with Michael . I be sure he would not be able to read it by himself and he will need some help understanding all this . 's ( continued ) 14 . continued : insulted , Michael pull the letter out of she hand and defiantly attempt to read it aloud himself to disprove he mother 's claim . but after look at a few line , he surrender and hand the letter back to he sister . carolyn " first , and most of all , I love you both very much and although I feel fine , I think it be time to put my affair , excuse that word , in order . ' michael I can not believe she 's make joke . carolyn sshhh . ' after go through the safety deposit box , I be sure you will find you way to this letter . it 's hard to write this to my own child . I could let this die with the rest of I I suppose . but as one get older , one 's fear subside . what | become more and more important be to be know -- know for all - that you be during this brief stay . how sad it seem to I to leave this Earth without that you love the most ever really know who you be . it 's easy for a mother to love she child no matter what -- it 's something that just happen . I do not know if it 's as simple for child . you be all so busy be angry at we for raise you wrong . but I think it be important to give you that chance . to give you the opportunity to love I for all that . I be ... 's carolyn and Michael look to each other like two school child about to take a difficult exam . they continue . carolyn " his name be Robert kincaid . he be a photographer and he be here in 1965 shoot a article for National geographic on the cover bridge of madison County . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 15 . ( 2 ) carolyn ( cont 'd ) remember when we get that issue ? how we feel like celebrity ? remember when we start get the subscription ? 's they do not remember . carolyn " I do not want you to be angry with he . I hope after you know the whole story , you might even think well of he . even grateful . ' michael grateful !? carolyn | ( read ) ' , .. it 's all there in the three notebook . read they in order . if you do not want to , I suppose that 's okay , too . but in that case I want you to know something -- I never stop loving you father . he be a very good man . it 's just that my love for Robert be different . he bring out something in I no one have ever bring out before , or since . he make . I feel like a woman in a way few woman ever experience ...' michael ( cut she off ) that 's it ! grabbing the. letter , he start put everything back in the trunk . carolyn what be you do ? michael this be crazy . she wait ' till she 's dead to tell we all this . well , I get news for you . she be my mother . that 's enough for I . I do not have to know who she be . carolyn well , I would like to read they . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 3 ) michael no . we be go to lock this up and -- carolyn t ( as Michael freeze ) I want to read they ! if you do not want to then just leave . but do not you push I around like I be some mule you pay for -- I already have ! Michael be stymy . int . kitchen - later carolyn open the first notebook which be date august 1965 . Michael sit beside she with a cup of coffee . : carolyn ( read ) " it be the week of the Illinois State Fair . the two of you be go with dad to exhibit carolyn 's prize steer . 's carolyn 's voice become francesca ' 's voice as we -- dissolve to : int . johnson house - evening francesca be make dinner . a blue station be tune in on the radio . francesca ( v.o. ) " I know it sound awful , but I could not wait for you all to leave . you be go to be go until Friday . four day ... ( beat ) just four day ... ' francesca 's expression look as if she need a break from she family for more like four year . francesca Michael ! carolyn ! Richard ! dinner ! ( continued ) 17 . continued : she set down a bowl of potato , a plate of sausage , coffee and corn as one by one she family enter and sit down . Michael enter through a screen door from the back , let the door slam shut . francesca Michael , what do I tell you about that door ? Richard enter after Michael , let the door slam the same way . francesca be about to say something , but give up . carolyn enter and cross to the kitchen radio . lean on the counter , she turn the dial to a country station . this clearly irritate francesca , but she know there be no point in argue . ~ everyone sit and begin eat -- in complete silence except for the song . when Michael can not open the ketchup bottle , francesca grab it , palm the top skillfully and twist it off . she hand it back to Michael , who make no comment . when Richard scan the table for something that obviously be not there , francesca be up out of she seat before he can ask , at the fridge , grab the sour cream , close the fridge and back at the table with incredible swiftness . when Michael move he big arm to reach for the salt , he knock over he cup and saucer , which francesca catch with both hand before they hit the floor . her reflex be like a train athlete . finally , francesca be able to sit and sip she coffee . she watch she teenage daughter fill she plate with a blank expression that let nothing slip through -- no indication of all the tempest of emotion that go through a teenage girl . france“ sca you excited about go , carolyn ? without look up , carolyn fake a smile . francesca then look to she son , shoveling food into he mouth at a alarming rate . she attempt a conversation . francesca how be you date last night ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) _ michael ( without look at she ) okay . francesca what 's she name ? michael Betty . francesca what 's she like ? michael okay . silence . frustrate , francesca look at Michael with dismay . : CUT - to : int . master bedroom - night francesca be pack Richard 's suitcase . Richard be at he bureau . he be try to open a drawer but it 's stick . richard damn drawer ! francesca cross to he and usher he aside . hold onto the drawer nob , she look at Richard , pause , then do a funny jolt with she body that make the drawer slip out easily . francesca you can not get mad at it . richard ( to bureau , joke ) I be sorry . I should not have yell . May I get a handkerchief , please ? francesca chuckle as she close up the suitcase . Richard take out a handkerchief from the drawer and close it . francesca you should stay away from anything too spicy . ( continued ) 19 . continued : word be no longer require . they read each other 's mind . francesca and I want you to promise I ... richard I swear . only filter and no more than half a pack a day . I get my order . francesca ( defensive ) Doc reynold say you would be a lot better off -- richard I know , I know . I be kid . you sure you do not want to come ? francesca look at Richard with complete conviction . _francesca I be positive . - richard what be you go to do for four day as a woman of leisure ? : francesca same thing I do as a hire hand , only with less help . francesca realize this have hurt Richard 's feeling . she smile . richard I will not be able - to sleep ya know . can not sleep without you next to I anymore . francesca it 's only four day . he give she a sweet peck on the lip . francesca touch he face gently . CUT to : ext . johnson house - night francesca wave as she family drive down the driveway in they truck , kick up a cloud of dust . ( continued ) 9a 20 . continued : 8 when the dust fade , the truck be go , out the driveway and on the road . francesca turn and head back to the house . as it slowly come into view from atop the corn husk , she stop . she know the house be empty now . she feel both relief and uncertainty . int . johnson house - later that night 9 alone , dress in she bathrobe , francesca check the front door . she cross to the live room . notice two throw pillow on the floor , she arrange they neatly on the couch . she sit herself in a easy chair then flick on a read lamp and open she book . after five second , she close the book . she cross to the tv and turn it on , then turn it off before the picture tune in . she turn and lean on the tv , flick the on / off switch on and off as she mind wander . she get a idea . she cross to the hi-fi and look through several album she get from she Columbia record Club . but nothing inspire she and she quickly lose the desire for music . she 's antsy . she have this time alone and she do not know how to spend it . she walk through the dining room , pass a china closet fill with fancy dish and glass . she stop . shove in the corner behind be a old , unopen bottle of brandy . she remove it , set atop the dining table to open it , then quickly change she mind and return the brandy to its lonely spot on the shelf . CuT to : int . kitchen - continuous action 9a she walk into the kitchen and lean on the counter to turn on the radio . she stand just like she daughter as she tune in the blue station . she sit at the Formica table with a glass of milk and listen . a dog scratch at the screen door . francesca rise to let he in . francesca where have you be !? they already leave , ya know -- you miss they . ( continued ) 9a 10 21 . continued : 9a he sit by she chair at the table . she sit down . he lean into she . she scratch he head . francesca I do not know why you be so sweet on .me -- you know I do not like you . of course , she do like he , she 's just in a teasing mood . the music plays . francesca soften as she pet he . francesca you like this song ? * CUT to : ext . johnson house - day 10 francesca , wear a simple house dress , have two rug hang over the porch . she be beat they to get the dust out . it be a hot day . she stop to wipe she brow . she - grab a glass of iced tea from off the porch , take a sip then press the glass against she chest . francesca look up to the sun to clear she mind . it be blind . when she look back out onto she driveway , she vision be momentarily blurred . until , slowly , out of the blur , she see : a truck drive toward she house , kick up dust , like some phantom appear through the etheric plane . she sip she cool drink and blink to regain she vision . the truck come down she driveway and stop halfway . francesca watch with suspicious curiosity as : the truck stop and ROBERT kincaid step out . flash he blue eye in she direction , he smile and say : ROBERT . sorry to bother you but I have get a feel I be lose . francesca remain guard . francesca be you suppose to be in Iowa ? ( continued ) 10 continued : he laugh . 22 . 10 ROBERT ( laugh ) yeah . . francesca well you be not that lose . she put down she tea and cross to he . ROBERT I be look for a cover bridge out this way ... uh ... wait a minute -- he look through a small notepad for the name . francesca watch he intently . francesca roseman Bridge ? ROBERT that 's it . francesca well you be pretty close . it 's only about two mile from here . ROBERT oh , terrific . which way ? francesca go that way and you will come to cutter 's where you turn leave . ROBERT cutter 's ? francesca cutter 's farm . small house close to the road . Big mean yellow dog . ROBERT oh. okay . francesca yes , and then you just take that road until it fork -- I think less than half a mile . ROBERT which fork ? ( continued ) bridge of madison county - Rev. 9/7/94 23 . 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 . francesca the right and you go -- no . not that fork , excuse I . then you pass Peterson 's -- Peterson 's farm , and by the old schoolhouse you go leave . it would be easier to tell you if the road be mark . ROBERT sure would . pause as Robert await direction and francesca scan a sudden impulse . francesca well , I can take you if you want . Robert be pleased , but a bit surprised as be francesca 's who anxiously recant : francesca or , I can tell you . I can take you or tell you . it 's up to you . I do not care . either way . Robert smile , find she sudden nervousness charming . ROBERT if I be not take you away from anything . ( continued ) 10 11 12 24 , continued : ( 3 ) 10 . francesca no . I be just go to have some iced tea then split the atom , but that can wait . ( as he smile ) I just have to get my shoe . Robert watch she as she turn and head back to the house . he turn back to the truck and notice the mailbox -- mr. & mrs . richard johnson . he nod as if he know all along and begin to make room on the front seat for francesca . . int . johnson house - same . 11 francesca be slip on she shoe when she suddenly stop . " what be I do ? " she ask herself silently . ext . johnson driveway - same : 12 francesca approach the truck . on the door , she read : kincaid photography -- bellingham , WASHINGTON . Robert be clear away paper cup , banana peel , paper bag , photography equipment . in the back , francesca notice a cooler and a guitar case . ROBERT I be not expect company . let I get this out of the way . he haul a case of film from the front to the back . francesca notice he tan , muscular arm move in one graceful sweep . ROBERT okay . all set . francesca smile . they both get into the truck . ROBERT now , where be we go ? francesca out , then right . CUT to : 13 25 . ext . madison county road - day 13 the truck bounce along on the rock road , lime dust fill the air . kincaid and francesca ride in silence . the truck pass a small farmhouse , and a large angry yellow dog race alongside , snarling and barking . Robert look at francesca and grin . ROBERT so far , so good . this way ? francesca that way . he follow she direction . ROBERT there 's a wonderful smell about Iowa -- very particular to this part of the country . do you know what I mean ? francesca no. ROBERT I can not describe it , I think it 's from the loam in the soil . this very rich , earthy kind of ... alive ... no . no , that 's not right . can you smell it ? francesca ( shake she head ) maybe it 's because I live here . ROBERT that must be it . it 's a great smell . francesca want to know more about he . francesca be you from Washington originally ? ROBERT uh-huh . live there ' till I be twenty or so , and then move to Chicago when I get marry . francesca oh . when do you move back ? ROBERT after the divorce . ( continued ) 13 continued : francesca 26 . 13 francesca oh . . ROBERT how long you be marry ? francesca uh ... ha ... ( can not remember ) umm ... Long time . ROBERT be you from here originally , if you do not mind my ask . francesca no , I do not mind . I be not from here . I be bear in Italy . ROBERT well , from Italy to Iowa ~- you do not look particularly italian . ( as francesca smile ) whereabouts in Italy ? francesca my mother be austrian . we live in a small town on the Eastern side , no one 's ever hear of call bari . ROBERT qh , yeah , bari . I have be there . francesca ( surprised ) no , really ? ROBERT oh , yeah . actually , I have a assignment in Greece and I have to go through bari , to get the boat at brindisi . but it look so pretty , I get off and stay for a few day . breathtake country . be overcome by the idea of such freedom . francesca you just ... get off the train because it look pretty ? ROBERT yeah . Excuse I a sec . ( continued ) 13 14 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 he reach over with one arm , brush slightly against she thigh . he open the glove compartment and pull out a pack of camel and a Zippo lighter . ROBERT like one ? francesca hesitates . francesca sure , I will have one . she take a cigarette out of the pack . Robert drop the pack and , with the same hand , flick open the Zippo and ignites it . francesca lean over . the road be bumpy and a breeze blow through both window . ee she cup she hand around he to shelter the flame . she feel he skin for a brief moment . she sit back and enjoy the ride and she cigarette as Robert light up . silence . they drive . ROBERT so , how long you have be live here ? francesca Long . ( change subject ) you just get off the train and stay without know anyone there ? ROBERT ( laugh ) yeah . CUT to : ext . roseman bridge - day 14 the truck stop . they exit . Robert take out some equipment . ROBERT this will not take long . I be shoot tomorrow morning . I just need to ~ do some prep work . francesca I do not mind wait . ( continued ) 14 144 14b 28 . continued : 14 he smile and take he equipment to the bridge . francesca slowly follow . she watch he body move . catch herself , she stop . Robert set up a tripod in the small ravine beneath the bridge , point a view finder up as he plan he shot . francesca walk through the bridge , notice lover ' name scrawle on the inside : cathy & buddy 4 ever ... rosie and hank til the end of time . through a crack in one of the wooden plank , francesca watch like a voyeur as Robert work . she see he take out a hankerchief and wipe the sweat off he neck , then inside he shirt and around he chest . without know where francesca be , Robert speak aloud : ROBERT be it always this hot ? francesca move quickly away from the plank , like a peep Tom who 's be catch . . francesca this time of year . ROBERT I have some cold drink in a cooler if you would like . francesca oh. would you like one ? ROBERT not right now thanks . francesca head back to the truck , grateful for something to occupy she . ext . roseman bridge / int . truck - day 144 Inside the truck , she scan for the cooler bag . she see it next to a duffel bag . the bag 's zipper be open . she glimpsis inside at Robert 's personal thing -- clothes , sock , underwear , shav.ng kit . life magazine from July and August , one depict the death of adlai stevenson , the other a cover photo of the watt riot . the guitar lean against the cooler . she grab a soda from out of it . ext . roseman bridge 14b at the bridge , francesca look for Robert in the ravine but he be go . ( continued ) 14b 15 29 . continued : 14b she look through the bridge to the other end and see only the tripod . no Robert . she walk through the bridge and out the other end . she find Robert bent over , pick flower . : francesca there you be . ROBERT oh ! you catch I . he rise with a bouquet of wildflower for she . ROBERT thanks for you help . francesca smile , not know how to take this . . ROBERT Men still give woman flower do not they ? I mean , as a sign of appreciation ? I be not that out of date , be I ? francesca no , not at all -- ( suddenly ) -- except that be poisonous . ROBERT what ! he fling the flower down . he wipe he hand furiously . francesca I be sorry . I be kid . Robert look at she with a shocked smirk , secretly like she strange behavior . ROBERT ( smile ) be you by nature a sadistic person ? she laugh as she help he pick they up . cut to : int . truck - later 15 driving back , francesca sit with she foot up on the dashboard . ( continued ) 30 . 15 continued : 15 Robert drive while he fiddle with the radio . all he can find be country station . francesca look for something in particular ? there 's not much of a selection . ROBERT I find this Chicago station -- before . wait a minute ... francesca it 's 1410 . Robert react with surprise , then tune it in . we hear a blue singer with a sax arrangement . francesca that 's nice . ROBERT want another cigarette ? francesca sure . francesca 's have a great time . 16 ext . johnson house - day 16 Robert 's truck drive down the road and into the driveway . ROBERT well , thank you for the kindness , Mrs. Johnson . francesca francesca . ROBERT francesca . Robert . francesca nod , as if to say hello and goodbye in the same moment . she get out of the car , close the door , then ask : francesca would you like some iced tea ? ccut to : 17 31 . int . kitchen - day 17 Robert fiddle with the kitchen radio , tuning in to the Chicago station . francesca be make iced tea . Robert sit back down at the kitchen table . francesca lemon ? ROBERT sure . with she back to he , Robert never take he eye off she . she turn and cross to he , with the tea . . ROBERT thanks . francesca smile and sip she own . she watch he gulp down the tea so fast , some of it dribble down the ide of he face and neck . francesca find it sexy . he empty it . . francesca would you like another one ? Robert nod and pull out he cigarettes . Robert light up as he watch she fix - another iced tea . he watch she slip off one shoe , then the other -- never miss a beat of she preparation . he can not help eyeing she body . when she return , she also have the flower he pick for she arrange in a jelly glass . she place they on the table and sit . ROBERT sure you want to keep that in the house ? francesca I be so sorry ahout that . I ... ha . I do not know why I say that . ( change the subject ) where be you stay while you be here ? ROBERT a little place with cabin . the something - motor Inn . I have not check in yet . francesca and how long be you here for ? ( continued ) 17 continued : 32 . 17 ROBERT as long as it take . I might stay a week . no more I do not think . where 's you family ? francesca my husband take the kid to the Illinois State Fair . my daughter 's enter a prize steer . ROBERT oh . how old ? francesca about a year and a half . ROBERT no , you kid . francesca oh. Michael 's 17 and carolyn 's 16 . ROBERT must be nice have kid . francesca they be not kid anymore . thing change . ROBERT everything do . one of the law of nature . people be always so afraid of change . but if you look at it like it 's something you can count on happen , it 's actually a comfort . not many thing you can count on for sure . francesca I guess . except I be one of the people it frighten . ROBERT I doubt that . francesca why ? ROBERT Italy to Iowa ? I would call that a change . ( continued ) 17 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 francesca ( explain ) Richard be in the Army . I meet he while I be live in naple . I do not .know where Iowa be . I only care that it be America . and of course , be with Richard . ROBERT what 's he like ? francesca he 's very ... clean . . ROBERT clean ? francesca ( catch herself ) no . I mean yes he 's clean but he 's also other thing . he 's a very hard worker . very honest . very caring . Gentle . good father . ROBERT and clean . francesca yes . very clean . they drink . francesca think she sound like a idiot . ROBERT so you must like Iowa I guess . francesca look at he . she want to tell the truth but hold back . francesca it 's ... uh ... uh ... she stop . Robert smile . ROBERT go ahead . TI will not tell anyone . surprise , francesca look at he oddly -- as if he already know and be give she permission . francesca be so take by he understanding and acceptance , she let the flood gate open , speak faster than she mind can keep up -- ( continued ) 17 continued : francesca the table 34 . ( 3 ) 17 francesca ( without a pause ) I be suppose to say , ' just fine . it 's quiet . the people be real nice . 's all of that 's true , . mostly . it be quiet . and the . people be nice , in certain way . we all help each other out . if someone get sick or hurt , the neighbor pitch in and pick corn or harvest oat or do whatever need to be do . in town , you can leave you car unlock and let you child run without worry about they . there be a lot of good thing about the people here , and I respect they for that quality . but ... hesitates , light a cigarette and look across at kincaid . francesca it 's not what I dream about as a girl . kincaid be silent for a moment . ROBERT I scribble something in my notebook the other day for future use , just have the idea while drive along . that happen a lot . it go like this : ' the old dream be good dream ; they do not work out , but I be glad I have they . 's I be not sure what that mean , but I will use it somewhere . so I think I kind of know how you feel . francesca smile at he . for the first time , the smile seem warm and deep . she surprise herself . she do not want he to go . francesca would you like to stay for dinner ? there be not many choice in town and ... anyway , you would have to eat alone . so would I . ( continued ) 17 18 o19 194 19b 19 '' 35 . continued : ( 4 ) 17 ROBERT that 's very nice of you . I do not get many dinner invitation on the job . it would be a welcome change . thanks . CUT to : int . bedroom - later 18 francesca rush in and start to disrobe , get ready to shower and change for dinner . she glance out the window and see : ext . johnson house ~ same time 19 Robert be at the water pump . his shirt be off and he be wash himself . we intercut the two . int . bedroom : 194 francesca find herself stare . he have a muscular , firm body . she watch how the water cascade over he body . how he seem so unashame , so " in he skin , '' move with such strength and grace . ext . johnson house 19b Robert pause and look out over the open pasture . the cold water feel good . since the pump be in the back of the house , hide from the road , no one can see he . int .. bedroom . 19 '' francesca continue study Robert until she have to literally pull herself away from the window with such a force that she ram herself into a chest of drawer . take a breath , she pull herself together . francesca this be ridiculous . she head for the bathroom , quite compose , then , without warning , make a immediate 180 degree turn and head back to the window to sneak a peek . ( continued ) 19 C 20 21 214 36 . continued : 19c watch he , she be possess by some very frightening feeling and run from the window , into the bathroom , close the door behind she . CUT to : ext . johnson house - early evening 20 francesca be gather some vegetable for dinner from she garden . Robert be at he truck , in he pants , change into a fresh shirt . int . kitchen - later 21 francesca be cut up vegetable . Robert enter with some of he gear . ROBERT I be just go to put some of this film in you fridge . heat be not too forgive out there . he do . on the radio , tony bennett sing " wrap you trouble in dream . " Robert approach francesca . ROBERT can I help ? francesca ( surprised ) help cook ? ROBERT sure . Men cook . francesca ( laugh ) okay . they stand side by side . francesca hand he a stack of carrot and a knife . montage . 214 tony bennett 's up - tempo tune plays over a series of image of francesca and Robert as they talk and prepare dinner . a ) four hand side by side , cut and chopping . occasionally , a hand brushes against another as it reach for something . ( continued ) 21a 22 37 . continued : 214 B ) Robert 's hand gently touch francesca 's waist as he reach around she for a onion . C ) Robert bring in he cooler through the screen door . he make sure it do not slam . francesca make a note of this . D ) Robert open the cooler and remove two cold beer , toss one to francesca . E ) francesca open a new tablecloth and spread it out on the table . , F ) francesca hand Robert plate from the shelf , they finger only barely touch . end of montage . int . kitchen - evening 22 Robert and francesca be in the middle of dinner . but instead of the usual silence that surround Johnson family eat , francesca be mesmerize by Robert as he manage to eat and tell a story . the scene begin with a laugh from francesca . : ROBERT ( laugh ) --. no , wait , it get better . he stand up and act it out for she . ROBERT you have to get the full picture here . I have three camera around my neck , a tripod in one hand and my pants down around my ankle . I think this be a private bush . I look up and this gorilla be stare at I with what can best be describe as the most lascivious expression I have ever see on a body with so much hair . francesca laugh . ROBERT I freeze . ' Cause that 's what they tell you to do . in this position . it come towards I and ... and ... he stop awkwardly . ( continued ) 22 continued : 38 . 22 francesca what ? ROBERT it start ... francesca oh , my God ... ( laugh ) you be blush . ROBERT ( mock hurt ) . it 's still a very sensitive memory for I . francesca then what happen ? ROBERT we get engage . she laugh . francesca I hope it be a female gorilla . ROBERT I hope so , too . we still write . francesca be laugh so hard she can not breathe . Robert love make she laugh . francesca you ought to write this storey down . ROBERT Nah . L have try . my write 's too technical I think . Problem of be a journalist too long be you stop give yourself permission to invent . I better just stick to make picture . francesca " make picture . ' I like that . you really love what you do , do not you ? ROBERT onod , smile shyly ) I be kind of obsessed by it , actually . ( continued ) 22 continued : 39 . ( 2 ) , 22 francesca why , do you think ? ROBERT I do not know if obsession have reason . I think that 's why they be obsession . francesca you sound like a artist . ROBERT no . I would not say that . National geographic like they wild life in focus and without any personal comment . I do not mind really . I be no artist . I would face that a long time ago . it 's the curse of be well - adjust . I be too normal . francesca ( supportively ) I do not think you be normal . he look at she in surprise . she catch herself again . francesca I do not mean that the way it sound . ROBERT well , let 's just call it a compliment and move on . ( change subject ) do you love teach ? francesca sometimes . when there be a particular student who make a difference . I know they be all suppose to , but it 's not true . you tend to single out one or two you think you can contribute something to . ROBERT and do you ? francesca I would like to think so . I know one of they go on to medical school . ROBERT why do you stop ? ( continued ) 22 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 22 francesca francesca francesca francesca my child . and Richard do not like my work . ROBERT do you miss it ? francesca I do not know . I have never think about it ... what be the most exciting place you have ever be to ? unless you be tired of talk about it . ROBERT you be ask a man if he 's too tired to talk about himself ? you do not get out much , do you ? smile , a little embarrassed . ROBERT I be sorry . that be ... francesca ( overlap ) no . it 's alright . I just mean , it might be a little dull for you , tell all this to some housewife in the middle of nowhere . ROBERT this be you home . it 's not nowhere . and it 's not dull . smile again , this time relieved . ROBERT let see -- my favorite place ... settles in to listen , never take she eye off of he . ROBERT well , it 's the obvious choice but I think I would have to say Africa . it 's another world . not just the people and ' the culture but the land , the color you see at dawns and dusk -- and the life there . it charge every molecule of air . francesca be fascinate , be draw into he imagery . ( continued ) 22 23 41 . continued : ( 4 ) 22 : ROBERT it 's tangible -- the moment to moment of life and death , the co - habitation of man and beast , of beast and beast , who will survive , who will not -- and there 's no judgment about it . no right or wrong or impose morality . it 's just life . it 's a voyeur 's paradise really because that animal do not want anybody in they business . you can watch but at a distance . Robert smile at she , sense how in tune she be with he feeling . francesca _ my , God . how I would love to see that . ROBERT they have safaris for tourist now . maybe you can convince you husband . francesca smile . there be a awkward pause between they . ROBERT it 's a beautiful night . would you like to go for a walk ? francesca yes . that would be nice . he get up and open the screen door for francesca , not let it slam . francesca look like a teenager with first date excitement . CUT to : ext . pasture - night 23 francesca and Robert walk through the pasture . it be a beautiful night . ROBERT you have get it all right here , you know . it 's just as beautiful as any other place I have see . francesca what ? ( continued ) 23 42 . continued : 23 ROBERT ( indicate the night ) this . ' the silver apple of the moon , the golden apple of the sun . ' francesca look at he with surprise . francesca w.b. yeat , ' the song of wandering aengus . ' ROBERT right . good stuff , yeat . realism , economy , sensuousness , beauty , magic . appeal to my irish heritage . she watch he with great appreciation . he smile at she . instead of look away , they eye remain lock . for a moment . there be clearly a attraction . they simultaneously look away and continue walk . francesca 's heart be beat a mile a minute yet she can not deny she be enjoy herself . walk side hy side in silence , francesca turn back occasionally to look at she house as they get further away from it . suddenly , the more distant the house become , the more frighten she start to feel . something inside she know she 's go too far with this man -- too far from home . although a part of she want it , she be surprised to find a larger part of she find it too unknown . she stop . . ROBERT what 's wrong ? francesca look confuse for a moment , not know what she want . she can not move . she search for a way out . francesca would you like some coffee ? . or maybe , some brandy ? somehow Robert can sense she uneasiness . he oblige . ROBERT how about both ? 24 43 . int . kitchen - night 24 the room be illuminate by a single light over the kitchen sink . francesca move about the kitchen prepare coffee -- drop the coffee pot basket , spilling the grounds . she act tense . Robert sit at the table open the brandy bottle francesca almost open the night before , aware of she mood . there be two brandy glass in the cupboard that Robert take down . francesca get the coffee go then set the table with cup and saucer . ROBERT you sure you will not let I help you with that dish ? francesca ( coldly ) no . I will do they later . ROBERT francesca ? francesca what ? ROBERT be you alright ? francesca yes . ROBERT francesca ? francesca what ? ROBERT we be not do anything wrong , you know . francesca freeze . he have read she mind again . ROBERT ( smile ) : nothing you can not tell you child about . once again , he relieve she of fear and anxiety . he hand she a glass of brandy , raise he glass to shoulder level and move it toward she . ( continued ) 24 25 44 , continued : 24 ROBERT to ancient evening and distant music . francesca take a short breath , touch she glass to he and smile a little . they sit in comfortable silence , enjoy they brandy and coffee , smoking a little . the soft sound of a hot summer night fill the air ~- a pheasant call from the field , a dog bark twice in the distance , cricket quietly serenade and a moth flutter against the sink light . CUT to : 1995 int . kitchen - day 25 carolyn and Michael have come to the end of a notebook . michael he 's get she drunk . that 's what happen . Jesus , maybe he force himself . that 's why she could not tell we . carolyn oh , he do not . he 's such a nice guy . michael Nice ? he 's try to sleep with somebody 's wife . carolyn I do not think so . and besides , something like that do not make you a bad person . he remind I of Steve in a way . Steve 's weak , immoral and a liar , but he 's still a real nice guy . he just should not be marry . ( laugh ) at least not to I . you get hungry ? I be hungry . Michael nod , then speak with sincere compassion . michael I have no idea it 's get that bad , sis . - ( continued ) 25 26 45 . continued : 25 carolyn oh , do not feel sorry for I . please . no one 's force I to stay . ' michael then why do you ? carolyn laugh to herself -- she can not explain it to herself . she look through the kitchen cabinet and gasp . carolyn oh , my God ! I do not believe it . michael what ? carolyn pull out a newly buy jar of fluffernutter . michael wow . I bet it 's be here since we be kid . you could probably spackle wall with it . carolyn no , look -- the expiration date be this year . she must have buy it recently . and it 's not open . michael she never eat this stuff . we use to have to beg she to buy it for we , remember ? realizing she mother do buy it for they , carolyn 's eye fill up a little , she mother 's death strike she for the first time . int . kitchen - later 26 over fluffernutter sandwich on white bread and coffee , carolyn read from the second notebook . carolyn ' we sit sip brandy . I think if anybody walk through the door .now there would be no explain it . but I do not care . I want to be like he . I want to know he secret . how he live this life of he . ( more ) ( continued ) 46 . 26 continued : 26 carolyn ( cont 'd ) we talk about he wife and I be jealous -- not of she -- but of he leave . : his fearlessness . he know what he want . how do he do that ? ' CUT back to : 1965 27 int . kitchen - night 27 francesca sip she brandy . Robert sit across from she . francesca De you mind if I ... ask you why you get divorced ? ROBERT not at all . TI be not around much ... so why do I get marry ? well , I think it be a good idea at the time . have a home base . root . you can get lose move around so much . francesca so what happen ? ROBERT I never get lose . I be more at home everywhere than at one place . so I decide to think of myself as some kind of world citizen . francesca you must get lonely at time . ROBERT never touch the stuff . I have get friend all over the world . good friend I can see when I want , if I want . francesca woman friend , too ? ROBERT I be a loner , not a monk . francesca avert she eye , before continue she investigation . ( continued ) 27 continued : 47 . 27 francesca you really do not need anyone ? ROBERT no , I think I need everyone ! I love people . i.want to meet they all ! francesca that 's the thing about Iowa . you pretty much meet the same ' kind of person over and over so when Mrs. delaney 's husband be have a affair with ' that redfield woman ' the whole town wake up . ROBERT I just think there be too many out there say , ' this be mine , ' or , ' she 's mine . 's too many line have . be draw . : francesca do not it scare you ? . ROBERT I do not know what 's come . and I do not mind . I embrace mystery . francesca do you ever regret it ? the divorce , I mean ? ROBERT no . francesca do you ever regret not have a family ? ROBERT not everyone 's suppose to have a family . — francesca but -- how can you just live for what you want ? what about other people ? ROBERT I tell you , I love other people . francesca but no one in particular . ( continued ) 27 continued : francesca she rise , 48. ( 2 ) 27 ROBERT no . but I love they just the same . francesca but it 's not the same . ROBERT I know it 's not the same . what you be say be , it 's not as good . or it 's not as normal or proper . francesca no , I be just say -- ROBERT ( interrupt ) I be a little sick of this american family ethic everyone seem to be hypnotize by in this country . I guess you think I be just some poor displace soul doom to roam the earth without a self - clean oven and home movie . francesca ( irritate ) just because someone choose to settle down and have a. family do not necessarily mean they be hypnotize . just because I have never see a gazelle stampede do not mean I be asleep in the world . ROBERT do you want to leave you husband ? be completely stunne and throw off guard . francesca no . of course not . upset . beat . awkward silence . suddenly there be tension between they . ROBERT my mistake . I apologize . francesca what make you ask such a question ? ( continued ) 27 49 . continued : ( 3 ) 27 ROBERT I think that 's what we be do -- ask question . francesca ( defensive ) I think we be just have a converstaion . you seem to be read all this meaning into it . meaning I must be too simple to uh ... interpret or something . ROBERT I already apologize . silence . Robert remain seat . francesca remain at the sink . ROBERT roseman Bridge at dawn , I would better get go . . : ( rise ) thank you for dinner . pause . francesca feel badly . . francesca listen , I be sorry I -- ROBERT no , no . forgive I . I make a mistake . it be a inappropriate thing to ask . francesca shrug it off . francesca I feel like something 's be spoiled now . . Robert smile and cross to she . he take she hand into both he hand . ROBERT it 's be a perfect evening . just the way it be . thank you . francesca smile . the possibility of a kiss hang in the air between they until Robert turn to get he film out of the fridge . as he exit through the screen door , he stop . ( continued ) 27 50 . continued : ( 4 ) 27 ROBERT thanks for the evening , the supper , the walk . they be all nice . you be a good person , ' francesca . keep the brandy toward the front of the cupboard , maybe it will work out after awhile . he smile and exit , catch the screen door before it slam . Robert take a few step down the porch and turn . ROBERT one thing , though -- do not kid yourself , francesca . you be anything but a simple woman . francesca do not move for a moment , then cross to the door as if to run after he , when she be stop by the phone ringing . she pick it up . francesca hello ?. richard ( v.0 . ) franny ? francesca Richard , hi . richard ( v.q. ) how be you ? francesca Fine . everyone settle in okay ? richard ( v.0 . ) just fine . we be all in one room . - Michael 's on the couch and caroly n's ... ( continue ) she hear Robert 's truck door OPEN and close . she hear the motor be turn on . she half listen to Richard . francesca uh-uh ... good ... hmmm ... she hear the truck drive away as Richard continue : richard ( v.0 . ) we get we position in the fair . not bad , although I would have like to be third which be not too early and not too late . but I tell carolyn not to worry ... ( continue , if need ) CUT to : 28 29 30 sl . ext . back porch - night 28 francesca sit on the porch with a book in she lap , gaze out over the pasture . it 's a hot night . she open the top of she robe a bit . feeling the air against she skin , she decide to open it a bit more . she get a idea . stand , she look to see if anyone be around -- though rationally she know there be not a soul for mile . she turn off the porch light . with a brave and dare impulse , she shed she bathrobe and stand naked under the night sky . the air feel good against she body . she open she arm up against the night sky and moon like a indian priestess . suddenly , she start hit she body as mosquito begin attack she bare torso . thwart , she quickly cover herself with a robe and run into the house . CUT to : int . francesca's bedroom - night 29 francesca be in front of a full - length mirror , she robe open , apply calomine lotion to insect bite . suddenly , she stop to notice she body . camera angle over she shoulder . it be the first time in year she have actually stop to look and touch she body , run she hand gently over she curve , she neck , down the side of she thigh , she face , she breast . she stop . she close she robe and shut off the light . she sit on the bed . . she get a idea and cross to a jewelry box on she bureau . she search through it , then remove a section to reveal another compartment . it be fill with thing she have not wear in year -- out of date earring , pin , etc ... lying amongst this item be a italian - look medallion on a chain . she hold it lovingly and put it on . cross to the window , she look out and she see the water pump Robert use that day . CUT to : int . live room - night 30 francesca sit in she bathrobe at a write table with a note in front of she . on it read , " if you would like supper again , ' when white moth be on the wing , 's come by tonight after you be finish . anytime be fine . '' CUT to : 30 a 31 32 32a 33 52 . ext . iowa road - night 304 a warm , clear , summer night . the sky be full of star . francesca , still in she bathrobe , be behind the wheel of she car . the headlight cut through the darkness as Jack the collie run 's ahead . ext . roseman bridge - night 31 the car headlight light the way as francesca walk bare - foot towards the bridge . Jack lope on ahead , check thing out . . francesca tack the note for Robert to the bridge . she consider take it down a moment later , but decide not to . she get back into she car and drive away . CUT to : int . francesca's bedroom - dawn . 32 francesca be asleep in bed . at the sound of Robert 's old pickup truck drive by , she stir and open she eye . she listen until the sound of he wheel fade out , then smile and settles back into sleep . CUT to : wide angle - bridge - dawn 324 the view of the bridge go in and out of focus until we realize we be see it through Robert 's camera lens . once the focus be set , Robert notice something be tack to the bridge . ext . bridge . he cross to it hurriedly -- time for the perfect shot be run out -~- pull it down , thumbtack and all , and shove it into he pocket , unread . he return to he camera to take he shot . CUT to : int . kitchen - later that morning 33 francesca sit at the kitchen table in she bathrobe with a cup of coffee -- a comic portrait of shame and self - pity . ( continued ) 33 34 35 36 37 38 53. continued : 33 her hair be a mess , she have not shower or dress and she stare into space while listen to the bluesy Chicago radio station . the sink be full of dirty dish she refuse to clean . beside it be a ashtray of butt from the night before . she carry it over to the table and begin finger for a butt to smoke in desperation . she light up and stare into space . . CUT to : ext . johnson farm - noon 34 francesca be hoe weed in she vegetable patch , not far - — ~ from the house . suddenly , she stop work , and look toward the house . be it the telephone ? she listen care - fully , do not hear anything and go back to she hoe . CUT to : ext . courthouse square - day . 35 kincaid , in a outdoor phone booth , look up 2 number . CUT to : ext . johnson farm - same time 36 francesca drive a tractor pull a empty hay wagon down the lane and into the barn . when she turn off the engine , she cock she head towards the house , think she hear the phone again . this time she do -- a faint SOUND come from inside . she hurry down from the tractor and run toward the house . CUT to : ext . phone booth - same time 37 kincaid in the booth . phone be ringing . CUT to : int . johnson kitchen - same time 38 empty . phone ringing away loudly . francesca burst through the door and grab the phone , out of breath . ( continued ) 38 bridge of madison county - Rev. 9/7/94 54 . continued : 38 francesca johnson . ROBERT ( v.0 . ) hi. this be Robert kincaid . francesca catch she breath and lean against the counter , unsure and anxious about what be come next . intercut between the two . ROBERT get you note . w.b. yeat as messenger and all that . I be sorry I do not call sooner , but I just read it . I stuff the note into my pocket because the light be fade and I have to get my shot . francesca ( smile , relieved ) the light be fade . ROBERT I accept the invitation , but it might be late . the weather 's pretty good , so I be plan on shoot the holliwell Bridge this evening . it could be after nine before I be finish . be that all right ? francesca frown but manage to keep she voice from betray she disappointment . francesca oh sure , get you work do ; that 's what 's important . I will fix something that will be easy to warm up when you get here . ROBERT if you want to come along while I be shoot , that 's fine . it will not bother I . I could stop by for you about five~thirty . francesca pause , then decide . francesca yes , I would like that . but I will drive my pickup and meet you there . what time ? ( continued ) a % 38 bridge of madison county - Rev. 9/7/94 continued : ( 1a ) ROBERT about six . i'1l see you then . okay ? bye . 54a . ( continued ) 38 38 39 40 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 francesca be thrilled . her mind race with a list of thing she must do before tonight . she open a cabinet , remove a coffee can and empty it of she house money . she quickly count it , then shove it into she purse . CUT to : ext . on road - day 39 francesca drive past a sign mark des moine as the next town . CUT to : int . slow bend SALOON / restaurant - day ' 40 one of two eat establishment in winterset . a lunch time crowd fill the place . Robert be seat at the counter . he can sense they eye on he , wonder who this stranger be and what 's he do here . he know the whisper conversation be about he . a middle -aged couple talk at table . wife thelma tell I he check into the motor Inn and the bill go to ional aphic m ine . husband i 1 ic ? what the hell 's he doin ' here ? we be not get no naked pygmy to take picture of . wife he 's takin ' picture of the bridge . husband ai not no pygmy there either . Robert : want to finish he lunch as quickly as possible . at that moment , someone enter the restaurant and all the conversation stop . he overhear one waitress turn to a second waitress and whisper -- ( continued ) 40 56 . continued : 40 waitress God . it 's Lucy redfield . waitress # 2 ( whisper back ) apparently Mrs. delaney catch they . the first waitress gasp . waitress # 2 ° ran right into they in Des Moines in the middle of she shopping . Robert 's curiosity get the better of he and he subtly turn he head to see : the redfield woman . but instead of be the harlot we might think , she 's actually a rather plain , demure - lock woman . as she cross to the counter , Robert immediately pick up on the vibe in the room . he notice all the patron stare , then turn away to whisper . the waitress behind the counter ignore she while the second waitress head to the kitchen . a customer eat at the counter place a bag on a empty stool beside she , so the redfield woman can not sit down near she . Robert and the redfield woman 's eye meet . she be clearly uncomfortable . she turn , about to leave , when Robert clear he camera off a stool next to he and offer : ROBERT get room right here if you like . she be surprised at he courtesy . other be astound . some disgust . she accept he offer and sit beside he . redfield woman thank you . ROBERT hot out there today . she nod and smile . the waitress toss a menu at she and slam down a glass of water , then move on down the counter . the redfield woman try to act casual , glance through the menu . Robert subtly scan the room as all eye be on they , then turn away . ( continued ) 40 41 42 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 Robert return he glance back to the redfield woman who be now only pretend to read the menu . she be so embarrassed . she want to leave but can not move . waitress well , be you order anything !? her harsh tone startles the redfield woman as well as Robert . gather she dignity , she respond : redfield woman no . thank you . I have change my mind . she politely nod to Robert , gather she thing and exit . Robert look to the waitress , as the second waitress enter frame . - waitress # 2 I would have throw that water right in she face . waitress poor Mrs. delaney . the waitress walk 0.s. , leave the second waitress face Robert , who look at she curiously . the second waitress look back as if to say , " what business be it of yours ? " and exit . CUT to : ext . des moine - day 41 a metropolis compare to winterset . francesca exit a liquor store with a bottle of wine in a paper bag . she also carry a bag of grocery as she head down the street to she park truck . she pass a dress shop and stop . CUT back to : ext . winterset - day 42 Robert enter a general store . he busy a six pack of beer for he cooler and approach the counter for the cashier . ( continued ) 42 43 44 58 . continued : 42 cashier that all ? Robert nod . he decide to have some fun and test the water a little bit . ROBERT be not it awful about poor Mrs. delaney ? with this , the dam burst -- cashier tragic be more like it . the pain that woman have be subject to by that no - good husband . I never like he . known he for year . people say he 's quiet . well , it 's the quiet one that can sneak up behind you and stab you in the back . i-heard yesterday , that she confront he . gave he the ultimatum and you know what he do ? ( continue as need ) Robert stand astound , listen to this diatribe of gossip . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day 43 Robert come around Main Street to get into he truck when he see a 1957 chevrolet a few space down from he . the redfield woman be sit behind the wheel , the window roll up and she be sobbing . camera move in on kincaid as he fix on this moment . CUT back to : int . des moine dress shop - day 44 francesca sit in she slip , alone in a dress room , with several dress strewn about . the panic of inde - cision have set in . she look at herself in the mirror and begin to doubt that see Robert be a good idea . or perhaps she 's imagine something that be not there . and what about Richard ? ( continued ) 44 45 59 . continued : 44 francesca feel guilty when a saleswoman enter with 2 pretty summer dress . saleswoman how about this one ? francesca examine it . she like it . but the guilt ... francesca I do not know . I have not buy a dress for myself in so long . ( off . saleswoman 's nod ) I mean , I be just buy a dress . it 's not a special occasion or anything . I be just shopping . just shopping for a new dress , that 's all . saleswoman ( completely understand ) that might work . and if he 's still mad , just tell he you could have do better but you marry he out of pity . that always work for I . CUT to : int . johnson house - late afternoon 45 francesca enter with she new dress , grocery and wine as the phone ring . she put everything down to answer . francesca hello ? intercut with Robert at a payphone . ROBERT it 's Robert . ¥rancesca oh , hi. look , I be run a little late , but I will still ... ROBERT ( with difficulty ) listen , do not take this the wrong way , but -- I be wonder if this be such a good idea . ( continued ) 45 continued : francesca 's silence . 60 . 45 's heart sink . francesca oh . ROBERT I uh ... I have lunch in town today . happen to cross path with ' that redfield woman . ' francesca I guess you get the whole story ... ROBERT the cashier at the general store be very generous . francesca I think he 's run for town crier next year . ROBERT I now know more about they affair than I remember about my marriage . ( seriously ) if it 's a problem for you to see I tonight , give the curiosity of small town people , do not feel pressured to do it . I be not always so bright about other people 's reaction and the last thing I want to do be to put you in any kind of situation that would ... francesca ( disappointed ) I understand . ( touch ) that 's very kind of you . both want to meet . both experience the idea of not see each other ever again in this brief moment . someone have to say something to save it -- but who will it be ? francesca Robert ? ( continued ) 45 46 47 6l. continued : ( 2 ) 45 ROBERT yeah ? . francesca I want you to come , Robert be relieved . francesca I will meet you at the bridge just like we plan , alright ? do not worry about the rest of it ... I be not . ROBERT alright . see you there . francesca smile and hang up . in that moment , francesca realize consciously what she be do and what she want . CUT to : ext . holliwell bridge - dusk 46 Robert be already there , work . he check he watch , anxious for francesca to arrive , when he hear a car drive up . he look to see francesca stop and get out . by they expression we can tell how glad they be to see each other . he extend he hand . she pause , then take it . he lead she to the bridge . camera begin to pull back and hold on the scene . kincaid be in he element , move about with ease as he work to capture the gorgeous light . francesca be enjoy watch this performance -- he grace , the way the muscle in he forearm be work , the way he move he body . as kincaid move into the creek and then up the other bank , she walk through the bridge to the other side . when she come out the other end , he be crouch down and point a camera toward she . he shoot three shot in rapid succession as francesca walk toward he . she grin in mild embarrassment . Robert smile back and continue he work . CUT to : int . johnson bedroom - early evening 47 francesca enter . Robert be in the bathroom , in the shower , with the bathroom door slightly ajar . ( continued ) 47 48 49 62. continued : 47 his clothes be laid on the bed with he bag beside they . a fresh shirt be fold . francesca take he dirty shirt and decide to clean it . as she exit , she eye can not help roam toward the bathroom door . for a moment , she pause to listen to the sound of the water as it hit he body . . int . kitchen - later 48 francesca be busy prepare dinner . Robert enter , clean and dress . ROBERT can I help ? francesca actually no . I have get everything under control . I would like to clean up myself a bit . I be go to take a bath . dinner will be ready in about a half hour . ROBERT . how about if I set the table ? francesca sure . ROBERT would you like a beer for you bath ? francesca ( surprised ) yes , that would be nice . Robert get she one . int . bathroom - later 49 francesca lounge in a tub with a beer pour into a wine glass . she find it very elegant . she take a deep breath , watch a few drop of water fall from the shower head . francesca ( v.0 . ) I realize that he have be here just a few minute before . I be lie where the water have run down he body , and I find that intensely erotic . almost everything about Robert kincaid have begin to seem erotic to I . 50 bridge of madison county - Rev. 9/7/94 63 . int . kitchen - later 50 Robert be at the radio when francesca enter in she new dress . she look beautiful . and it 's all over Robert 's face . francesca what 's wrong ? Robert 's voice be a little shaky , a little rough , but he admiration be genuine . ROBERT if you do not mind my boldness , you look stun . make-me-run-around - the-block-howling~in-agony stun . she smile and meet he gaze , reveling for a monent in he reaction . on the radio , we hear dinah WASHINGTON begin to sing , " if it 's the last thing I do " -- a heautiful , bluesy lovesong . the phone ring . francesca make no move to answer it on the first ring , or the second . in the long silence between the second and third ring , Robert take a deep breath and look down at he camera bag . francesca be finally able to move across the kitchen to answer the phone . Robert quietly take a seat , he back to francesca . the song plays throughout . francesca hello ? ... hi , madge . francesca reach out , casually smoothes out the collar on Robert 's shirt , then leave she hand on he shoulder . francesca huh-huh ... nothing , just make myself some dinner ... no , what ?... oh ... I hear about he . yeah , I hear he 's some kind of photographer . she can feel the muscle run from he neck along he shoulder to the back of he collarbone . she be conscious of how warm he body feel through he shirt . madge babbles on . francesca no , I do not ... huh-huh ... hippie ? I do not know , be that what hippie look like ?... ( continued ) 50 64 . continued : 50 Robert slowly shake he head and smile . he sit perfectly still , not want to make any noise that would make madge wonder . francesca well , listen , I be just get ready to step into a bath when you call so I better run ... no , they do not get home until Friday morning ... well , maybe I will give you a call . okay . bye . francesca hang up , reluctant to move she hand from he shoulder . Robert take it in he , rise and turn to face she . he slip he free hand around she waist . they begin to dance to the song . the kitchen light have not be turn on since the sun go down . the sky , a dark orange and magenta , illuminate the room through the window . they never take they eye off each other . ROBERT you be shaking . be you cold ?. francesca shake she head . they dance a bit more , but francesca be shaking , which make it difficult . they both stop . Robert place he huge hand on either side of her face , gently stroking she hair away from she cheek . he whisper : ROBERT if you want I _ to stop , tell I Dow . he brushes he cheek and face softly against hers . francesca rub hers barely breathe . ROBERT francesca -- I will not be sorry . I will not apologize for this . francesca nobody 's ask you to . they kiss . hand gently explore . . they body touch . they lip never spend more than second away from each , other . Robert slide he hand down she breast and torso , explore every inch of she . francesca grip he massive back , slide up to he neck and hair . Robert lift she leg and press it against he hip , kissing she neck and shoulder . francesca start to lose herself , clutching he head to she breast , then pull he up to she mouth once again . CUT to : 51 52 65 . 1995 int . johnson kitchen - evening . . 51 carolyn and Michael be at the yellow Formica . carolyn have be read the book to Michael when she look across from she to find -- Michael look like a little boy who be fight not to cry . carolyn what 's the matter ? Michael shake he head . he can not or will not explain . he 's too upset . his eye tear up . carolyn feel badly for he . michael I be go to get some air . he exit . carolyn smile sympathetically . somehow this last passage of they mother 's do not affect she in the same way . dissolve to : 1965 int . johnson live room 52 Robert and francesca in - each other arm , under a blanket on the live room floor on 2 bed of couch pillow . francesca seem mile away -- feeling of regret and guilt creep in . ROBERT be you comfortable ? ( off she nod ) do you ... want to move to the bedroom ? : francesca no . I can not . she can not bring herself to go into she husband 's bed . ROBERT you want to eat something ? francesca be you hungry ? ROBERT no . ( continued ) 52 66 . continued : 52 silence . Robert shift he body to face she . ROBERT be you all right ? she look at he and start to cry , shaking she head . the room be fill with memory of she family . she nestle in he arm . he hold she . she close she eye . francesca take I somewhere . ROBERT what ? francesca right now . tell I someplace you have be -- someplace on the other side of the world . ROBERT ( think , then ) how about Italy ? francesca yes . ROBERT how about bari ? francesca yes . tell I about the day . you get off the train . ROBERT have you ever be to that station ? francesca yes . ROBERT you know that little place nearby with the stripe awning that sell arraccino ... francesca ( excited ) and zeppolis . yes ! I know it ! ROBERT I sit outside and have coffee . ( continued ) 52 53 54 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 52 francesca where ? near the doorway or near the front of the church ? ROBERT near the church . francesca ( close she eye ) I sit there once . it be hot . like today . I would be shopping . I have all this bag around my foot I keep have to move every time the waiter come by ... dissolve to : ext . johnson farm - dawn 53 francesca and Robert be make love outdoors in a area far behind the house hide by corn stalk ... the two transport themselves together to another place , where there be no familial memory surround they to interfere . CUT to : ext . johnson porch - morning 54 the two sit in bathrobe on the porch look out over the pasture . they have bowl of oatmeal on they lap . they eat voraciously . Robert lean over , pick a pot up off the porch and ladle some more onto he plate . too much fall out and it spill onto the robe . francesca giggle . Robert glare at she jokingly . , francesca hand he a dish rag . Robert wipe off the food revealing he bare leg . she reach over and touch it . he look at she and smile . she lean over and kiss he passionately until , suddenly , she pull away . she look upset . she rise and move away to look out to the pasture . Robert can sense what be wrong . francesca I feel like I be get a little out of control . it 's kind of frightening . ( continued ) 54 55 56 68. continued : 54 francesca ( v.0 . ) I have thought about he I hardly know what to do with . and he read every one . whatever I feel , whatever I want , he give himself up to . and in that moment , everything I know to be true about myself up until then be go . I be act like another woman ~- yet I be more myself than ever before . francesca look at he and understand he be give she full permission to explore whatever she want . hesitantly , she cross to he and take he plate away . she stand before he , lean rim back into he chair . she slowly , tentatively , open she robe . cur to : ext . madison county road - day 55 francesca and Robert be drive , smoking cigarettes and listen to music . : francesca ( v.0 . ) ' we decide to spend Wednesday away from winterset . away from madison County . away from pasture and bridge and people too familiar and reminder too painful . we let the day take we where it want ... ' ext . iowa countryside - day 56 the truck be park against a breathtaking vista . francesca and Robert sit on the ground nearby eat lunch as Robert show francesca a collection of some of he photograph . they be beautiful and show a wide range of skill . francesca oh , that one be beautiful . look at they expression . as if the camera be not on they at all . they be not photograph -- they be storey , entire history capture in moment . you should be publish . you own collection . ( continued ) 56 57 continued francesca 69 . : - 56 _ ROBERT no one would buy it . francesca why do you say that ? ROBERT because that 's what six publisher tell I . be surprised . she sense he disappointment . ROBERT it 's no big heartache . whatever make a artist look like a artist to the world -- be just a feature I do not have . francesca maybe you have to convince - . yourself first . maybe you do have to ask why it 's a obsession . he smile and consider what she be say . she take the chain with she medallion off from around she neck and put it on Robert . ROBERT what 's this ? francesca I remember I have this , the other night after you leave . it be make in assisi . my aunt give it to I on my seventh birthday . Robert look at the medallion with " for francesca '' engrave on it . he be very move and nod gratefully . CUT to : ext . iowa road - twilight 57 the truck drive up to a roadhouse . francesca ( v.0 . ) a musician friend of Robert 's tell he of a place off the interstate . a place , Robert assure I , no one I know would see we . CUT to : 58 70 . int . roadside blue joint - night 58 francesca and Robert enter the smoke- fill roadhouse . no one would recognize they here because it be a all - black club . only slight notice of the couple be take as they sit at a table and order drink . francesca be loving it -- she can not take it in fast enough -- body dance , laugh , the band jam . it 's like she step into another world . same location - later over drink , they talk . ~ . francesca what be you like when you be young ? ROBERT ( smile ) trouble . why ? francesca ( laugh ) I just wonder . why be you trouble ? ROBERT I have a temper . francesca what be you parent like ? pause . Robert do not reply . she look at he curiously . francesca what ? ROBERT I can not do this . I be sorry . francesca what ? ROBERT try and live a lifetime before Friday . cram it all in . shake he head . this be the first time either have man - tion they time clock . francesca nod , understandably . a black female blue singer be on stage sing " if it 's the last thing I do . " Robert gesture for francesca to take he hand and he lead she onto the dance floor . ( continued ) 58 59 60 61 71 . continued : 58 they hold each other close as they dance . something about the song affect francesca deeply . we watch the entire dance , start with the joy of they be to - gether to the slow realization by francesca that they time be run out . CUT to : int . johnson house - night 59 Robert be in the live room make up the floor again with blanket and pillow . francesca enter . he stop . she extend she hand . he take it and she lead he upstairs . he stop before they ascend . ROBERT be you sure ? francesca nod and bring he upstairs to she bedroom . int . johnson bedroom - night 60 francesca guide Robert into bed beneath the cover . they begin to make love -- softly , lovingly -- like a couple that be beyond the erotic , discovéry stage ; a couple that have be together and in love for year . CUT to : 1995 ext . side porch of johnson house -. night 61 carolyn sit on the porch with the notebook on she lap , think to herself . she decide she need a cigarette and search through she bag . find she pack and lighter , she stop -- simultaneously discover a business card from a matrimonial lawyer ; pre-nup , divorce , estate plan . she finger the card in she hand , pause , then look up upon hearing Michael 's car return home . carolyn where do you go ? michael bar in town . carolyn have you call Betty ? ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . 61 continued : 61 carolyn ( cont 'd ) ( as he shake he head ) maybe you should . michael I find out who Lucy delaney be . carolyn look interested . michael remember the delaney from hillcrest Road ? carolyn : yeah . but I think she die . michael he remarry . apparently they be have a affair for year . apparently the first Mrs. delaney be a bit of a stiff . carolyn you mean -- she do not like sex ? michael ( nod , then simply ) I bet Mom could have help she . carolyn Boy . all this year I have ' resent not live the wild life in some place like Paris and all the time I could have move back to Iowa ... be you drunk ? michael not yet . you want to get out of here for awhile ? carolyn I think I better . 62 ext . iowa lakefront - night 62 Michael and carolyn have park in a secluded area near a lake . some place where the moonlight and the scenery create a beautiful backdrop . they sit on the ground , leave the headlight and the radio on . they be get - ting drunk and share a bottle of whiskey . ( continued ) 62 continued : 73 . 62 michael I use to love this place . I use to take Kathy reynold down here . carolyn you never date Kathy reynold ! michael not officially . her and Steve kendall be pin at birth . but I be crazy about she . and for about three month , I manage to catch she during she ' explore 's stage . carolyn I never know that . michael ( sadly ) nobody do . carolyn be this during Betty ? michael everything be during Betty . God , we be so young . why do we think we have to do it all so fast ? I have never cheat on Betty . not once we be marry , I mean . carolyn do you want to ? michael only about a thousand time . what do I do now ? ' what 's good enough for Mom be good enough for I ' ? carolyn ( piss off ) what get I be I be in my forty . I have be in this crummy fuck marriage -- michael carolyn ! ( continued ) 62 74 , continued : ( 2 ) 62 carolyn ( ignore he ) -- for over twenty year because that 's what I be teach -- you stick with it ! normal people do not get divorced . I can not remember the last time my husband make love to I so intensely that he transport I to Africa , for Christ 's sake -- quite frankly I do not think he ever do ! and now I find out that in between bake sale , my mother be anais nin ! michael what about I ! I feel really weird . like she cheat on I , not dad . be not that sick ? you know , be the only son , you sort of feel like you be the prince of the kingdom . and in the back of you mind , you kind of think you mother do not need sex anymore because she have you . carolyn you be right -- that be sick . they drink . michael if she be so unhappy , why do not she leave ? they look to each other without a answer . then simul - taneously they reach for the notebook . michael can I read it now ? carolyn offer he the book , then lay back in a relaxed position in order to listen . Michael flip to a ear - mark page . michael do I miss anything important ? carolyn well , she just take he up to she room and -- michael dad 's room ? ( continued ) 62 63 continued : 75 . ( 3 ) 62 carolyn you can skip this part . start here . Michael nod and take another swig . he begin to read : 1965 michael " Robert lay asleep in the bed . I be up all night that night . what happen tomorrow ? by the end of that day , he would leave and everything new. and unknown that have become so familiar would be ' go ... dissolve to : int . kitchen - morning . 63 francesca be serve Robert breakfast , then sit down beside he . silence . we can sense some tension between they -- this be they last day together . francesca seem ingenuously friendly . Robert be suspicious . francesca sleep all right ? ROBERT yes , thanks . francesca good . more coffee ? ( as he nod , she pour ) . Robert , I hope you do not mind my ask but I feel like I should . ROBERT what ? francesca well , this ... woman friend of yours ... all over the world . how do it work ? do you see some of they again ? do you forget other ? do you write they now and then ? how do you manage it ? her facetiousness startles Robert . ROBERT I ... what do you mean ? ( continued ) 63 continued : she take 76 . 63 francesca well , I just want to know the procedure . I do not want to upset you routine ... do you want any jam ? ROBERT ( insulted ) routine ! I do not have a routine . and if you think that 's what this be -- . francesca well , what be this ? ROBERT ( upset ) why be that up to I ? you be the one who 's marry . you tell I you have no intention of leave you husband . francesca to do what ? be with someone who need everyone and no one in particular ? I mean , what would be the point . would you pass the butter ? ROBERT I be honest with you . francesca yes . absolutely . you have this habit of not need and that it 's hard to break . I understand . ( beat ) of course , in that case , why sleep -- you do not need rest ; or for that matter eat , you do not need food . he plate away from he , rise and throw it into the sink . ROBERT what be you do ? francesca ( sarcastic ) gee , I do not know . I guess I be not cut out to be a world citizen who experience everything and nothing at the same time . ( continued ) 63 continued : 77 . ( 2 ) 63 ROBERT how do you know what I experience ? francesca ( angry ) I know you ! what can this possibly mean to anyone who do not ' need ' meaning -- ( mock ) " who go with the mystery 's -- who pretend he be not scared to death . ROBERT stop it ! francesca after you leave , I be go to have to wonder for the rest of my life what happen here . if anything happen at all ! and I will have to wonder if you find yourself in some ... housewife 's kitchen in Romania if you will sit there and tell she about you world of good friend and secretly include I in that group . : ROBERT what do you want I to say ? francesca ( nonchalantly ) I do not want you to say anything . I do not need you to say anything . Robert rise , knock he chair aside . ROBERT op it ! francesca Fine . more egg , or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time ? ROBERT ( grab she ) 2 ! I will not apologize for who I be . francesca no one 's ask you to ! ROBERT I will not be make to feel like I have do something wrong . ( continued ) 63 78. continued : ( 3 ) 63 francesca ( angry ) . you will not be make to feel ! period . you have carve out this little part for yourself in the world where you get to be a voyeur , a hermit and a lover whenever you feel like it and the rest of we be just suppose to feel so incredibly grateful for the brief time you have touch we life ! hell ! it be not human not to feel lonely -- it be not human not to be afraid ! you be a hypocrite and you be a phony ! ROBERT ( cry out ) i_do not want to need you ! francesca why ? ~~ ROBERT can " ou ! francesca what do that have to do with it ? he throw a cup at the wall . it break apart . cover he face , Robert turn away from she as he hold onto the sink . francesca reach for he but he pull away , embarrassed . francesca ( softly ) do not you see , I have get to know the truth , Robert . I have get to know the truth or I will go crazy . either way . just tell I . but I can not act like this be enough because it have to be . I can not pretend I do not ... feel what I feel because it 's over tomorrow . Robert , keep he face from she , try to tell she : ROBERT if I have do anything to make you think that what 's happen between we be nothing new for I -- be some routine -- then I do apologize . ( continued ) 79 . 63 continued : ( 4 ) 63 francesca what make it different , Robert ? Robert turn to face she . he be so hopelessly in love he can hardly find the word . his eye fill up with tear . ROBERT because ... if I ask myself right now why I make picture , the only reason I could come up with -- the only reason it seem I have be anywhere and do anything -- be to bring I here . right now it look like the only thing I have do all my life be to make my way to you . and if I even think about tomorrow -- if I «.. even think about leave here without you -- I be not sure I -- he shake he head . he can not even finish . he kneel down before she , wrapping he arm around she and bury he face into she body . francesca start to cry -- out of happiness , out of pain -- hold onto he as if for dear life . francesca oh , God ... what be we go to do ? she kiss he -- over and over , not want to be even a inch apart . as if any space between they might separate they forever . : suddenly , 0.s. , they hear a car drive up to the house . they panic . francesca run to the window to see : madge , a girlfriend , have come for a visit . madge be hold a homemade dessert . francesca no. no . where 's you truck ? ROBERT behind the barn . I better go . francesca turn to he -- speechless -- not want he to go . ROBERT do not worry . I mean upstairs . he exit . francesca gather herself and head for the front entrance , quickly clean up the plate . 64 65 80 . int . front hall - day 64 francesca open the door to madge . francesca madge ? - madge hi . I make some brown betty . I send floyd off to town with the boy . I say -- ( enter ) -- ' floyd , I be go to visit my girlfriend and spend the afternoon and that 's all there be to it . 's he say , ' who 's go to make lunch ? I say , ' I be take a sick day . eat at the diner ' -- be not that hilarious . ( move into kitchen ) he do not dare raise a eyebrow -- I do not even want to tell you how late he be out last night with that good - for-nothings from the sandford ranch . I be so sorry , honey , I let two day pass before I come by but with the boy home the time just escape I . have you hear from Richard ? how 's the fair ? God , it 's hot . follow she into the kitchen , francesca do not know which question to answer first . CUT to : ext . porch - later 65 madge and francesca sit face the pasture beside a table with coffee and brown betty . we parachute into the middle of the scene . madge . I say to she , ' what 's the point of summer school if all he 's go to do be this art project . the boy need so much work in math and he spelling be a nightmare ... madge continue . francesca be not listen . her mind wander . madge shove a plate at she . ( continued ) 65 continued : francesca francesca 's francesca 81 . 65 madge more brown betty ? take the plate . she can not think straight . madge ... anyway , I be glad that 's over with . Sara 's do so well , though . everyone think I be crazy have they so far apart but ... 's mind race as madge continue : madge ... without one lesson . the instructor could not believe it . so , who know -- she may have talent . how 's carolyn do ? what be she plan for next year ? realize this be she moment . she hold she head and lean over , unsteadily . madge honey , what 's wrong ? francesca I do not know . I wake up a little dizzy : I do not sleep well . I think I need to lay down . madge you want I to call the doctor ? francesca no , no -- I just do not sleep well . I be not use to sleep alone . and this heat ... would you mind ? madge no , of course not . I will just clean up . francesca no , leave it . I will do it later . listen , maybe you and floyd can come for dinner on Saturday . I be sure Richard will have so many storey to tell you both about the fair and all . madge oh , that will be nice . CUT to : 66 67 68 82 . int . bedroom - later that day 66 francesca enter to find Robert lie on the bed fully clothed . she sit beside he . he stroke she arm , then guide she to lie down . once she 's in he arm , he speak . ROBERT come with I . francesca know he be go to say this . either answer she give frighten she . francesca hold I . she turn to he and they embrace . Robert , however , fear only one response . CUT to : int . kitchen - evening 67 music plays over the next few image . camera slowly pan from the radio , upon which the song be play , to a beautifully set table and candle . it arrive on Robert prepare dinner . he stand at the sink rinsing out some utensil . wait for the water to turn hot , he look out through the window above the sink . he see a beauti - ful view of the night . he pause as it strike he that this be a view francesca have see a million time -- that soon she would not see ever again . CUT to : int , bedroom - same time 68 camera pan the room from two open suitcase , as francesca pack to leave . she be wear a red dress , with button down the front . she move about the room as if with blinder on -- focus on she task , refuse to take in any sign or memory that might hinder she . francesca try to open one of the bureau drawer and it gee stick . she pause for a moment , then gather she bag . : camera follows she as she exit the bedroom with she suitcase , then walk down the hall to the stair , then down the staircase to the front hall . 69 70 83. int . front hall / live room 69 she quietly set the suitcase down , hearing the radio '' and ROBERT in the kitchen . she pause , then enter the live room . one of the throw pillow have fall off the couch , she replace it , then take a moment to look about the room . she slowly sit down on the couch . Robert appear in the doorway and stand there look at she until she see he and smile . ROBERT I have get dinner . CUT to : int . kitchen - evening 70 they eat in silence . neither be very hungry . ROBERT '' — _ would you like a beer ? : she smile and shake she head . Robert open a bottle and take a sip . the silence between they be become awkward . pause . Robert take another sip . then , know full well what hang heavy between they , he ask : ROBERT you be not come with I , be you ? francesca stop pretend to eat . she look at he , have forget how well he can read she . francesca no matter how I keep turn it around in my mind -- it do not seem like the right thing . ROBERT for who ? francesca for anyone . they will never be able to live through the talk . Richard could never get he arm around this . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 continued : 84 . 70 francesca ( cont 'd ) he do not deserve that . he have not hurt anyone in he life . ROBERT ( get aggressive ) then he can move ! people move ! francesca his family 's live here for almost a hundred year . Richard do not know how to live anywhere else . and the kid ... ROBERT the kid be grow ! they do not need you anymore . you tell I that . they hardly talk to you . francesca no , they do not say much . but carolyn 's 16 . she 's just about to find out about all this for herself -- she 's go to fall in love , she 's go to try and figure out how to build a life with someone . if I leave , what do that say to she ? ROBERT what about we ? francesca you have get to know deep down that the minute we leave here , it will all change . ROBERT yeah . it could get better . francesca no matter how much distance we put between we and this house , I bring it with I ... and I will feel it every minute we be together . and I will blame loving you for how much it hurt . and then even this four day will not be anything more than something sordid and ... a mistake . ( continued ) 70 continued : 85 . ( 2 ) 70 ROBERT ( desperately ) francesca , listen to I . you think what 's happen to we happen to just anybody ? what we feel for each other ? how much we feel ? we be not even two separate people anymore . some people search they whole life for it and wind up alone -- most people do not even think it exist and you be go to tell I that give it up be the right thing to do ? francesca we be the choice we have make , Robert . Robert rise and turn he back on she . francesca Robert . please . ( desperate ) you do not understand -- no one do . when a woman make the choice to marry , to have child -- in one way she life begin but in another way it stop . you build a life of detail . you become a mother , a wife and you stop and stay steady so that you child can move . and when they leave they take you life of detail with they . and then you be expect to move again only you do not remember what move you because no one have ask in so long . not even yourself . you never in you life think that love like this can happen to you . ROBERT but now that you have it -- francesca I want to keep it forever . I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 86 . continued : ( 3 ) 70 francesca ( cont 'd ) do not you understand -- we will lose it if we leave . I can not maké a entire life disappear to start a new one . all I can do be try to hold onto we both . help I . help I not lose loving you . she embrace he . he wrap he arm around she . he whisper . ROBERT do not leave I . do not leave I alone . please , this break she heart , know how hard it be for he to say this . she hold he tighter , until -- ROBERT listen . maybe you feel this way , maybe you do not . maybe it 's just because you be in this house . maybe ... maybe when they come back tomorrow you will feel differently . do not you think that 's possible ? francesca I do not know . please ... ROBERT I be go to be here a few more day . I will be at the inn . we have some time . let 's not say any more now . francesca no . do not do this . ROBERT ' lb ! we will leave it for now . we be not say goodbye . we be not make any decision . maybe you will change you mind . maybe we will accidentally run into each other and you will change you mind . francesca Robert , if that happen , you will have to decide . I will not be able to . ( continued ) 70 71 72 87 . continued : ( 4 ) 70 she cry in he arm . he kiss she as if for the last time . then , quickly , separate himself and leave the house . look back toward the house at francesca : ROBERT I will never say this any other time , to anyone , and I want you to remember it . this kind of certainty come only once and never again . no matter how many lifetime you live . ext . johnson house 71 Robert walk briskly towards he truck , not want to look back . he get in , start it up and drive away . francesca exit the house and watch the truck recede into the distance . she stop when she reach the front gate , lean against it . she murmur to herself -- francesca keep go . please . the truck drive away . then , suddenly , stop . francesca 's heart quicken . she watch as the truck stand on the road in the distance . as if Robert be decide to turn around or keep go . francesca wait . suddenly , the door to the truck fly open and Robert exit . francesca lose all restraint . she open the gate but she dress be catch on it . Robert stand by the truck . francesca tear at the dress , rip off a button which fall to the ground . she run down the road . see she , Robert run towards she as well . they grab each other furiously . for this few moment , all consideration be go . camera pan up to the road beyond Robert 's truck . we see Richard 's truck drive towards they . for a moment it seem as if they will be catch until we realize Richard 's truck be be superimposed as the light gradually brighten to reveal : ext . johnson house ~- morning 72 Richard , Michael and carolyn drive down the road toward the house . ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 . 76 88. continued : 72 Robert 's truck , and all trace of he be go . francesca step into the doorway in a house - dress to welcome she family home -- wonder how this will feel . CuT to : int . johnson kitchen - evening 73 the Johnson family have dinner as francesca narrate : francesca ( v.0 . ) you all come home . and with you , my life of detail . CUT to : ext . johnson house - day 74 everyone be do various daily chore , francesca ( v.0 . ) a day or two pass and with each think of he , a task would present itself like a life saver , . pull I further and further away from that four day . CUT to : int . live room - evening 75 francesca be read . Richard watch tv. francesca ( v.0 . ) I be grateful . I feel safe . CUT to : ext . mainstreet ( winterset ) - day 76 a light rain be beginning to fall . Richard and francesca drive up to the general store to buy grocery . francesca head for the store as Richard cross the street . : ( continued ) 76 77 78 89 . continued : 76 francesca want anything special for dinner ? . richard hmmm . how about that brown sugar meat loaf you make ? francesca ( smile ) . okay . she enter the store . int . general store - day 77 francesca make small talk with the grocery lady as she busy what she need . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day 78 the rain have get heavier . francesca place a bag of grocery on the front seat of the truck , then get in herself to wait for Richard . she take a deep breath and remove a handkerchief from she bag to wipe the raindrop from she face . she freeze -- through the windshield , she see Robert stand in the rain beside he truck across the street , stare at she . her heart stop . for a moment , she be not even sure he 's real . . the town move about its business around they . but neither notice or care . whatever safety or forgetfulness she feel be go . her feeling burst through . she sit there helpless before he -- willing to go or stay depend on what he do . he begin walk towards she . she prepare herself . her life will change -- it have to . there 's no turn back . but the closer Robert get , the clearer he can see that she be cry . and he stop . ( continued ) 78 78a 78b 90 . continued : 78 without any word , he realize what take she with he would mean . with just a glance , he sacrifice she . with they eye lock in the middle of Main Street -- in front of the whole town -- they smile and say goodbye . Robert return to he truck . he drive off , down Main Street . moment later , Richard throw the feed bag into the back of he truck and get in . francesca be wiping she eye . he do not notice . he drive off in the same direction as Robert . francesca ( v.0 . ) for a moment , I do not know where iwas . and for a split second , the think cross my mind that he really do not want I -- that it be easy to walk away . ext . winterset STREET - day 78a they momentum bring they up right behind the old pick - up , and sit high in the chevy , francesca can see a black tarpaulin lash down tight in the back , outline a suitcase and guitar case wedge in next to the spare tire lie flat . the back window be rain -spatter but part of he head be visible . francesca ( v.0 . ) Robert lean over as if to get something from the glove box . eight day ago he would do that and he arm have brush across my leg . a week ago I have be in Des Moines buy a new dress . richard that truck 's a long way from home . Washington State . i'11 bet it 's that photographer they be talkin’ about at the cafe . francesca do not respond . she be struggle to fight back she tear . ext . two - way stop - day 78b they follow kincaid a few block north to where 169 intersect with 92 run east to west . it be a two - way stop with heavy cross traffic , complicated by the rain . . ( continued ) 78 B ol . continued : 78b for maybe twenty second they sit there . francesca 's hand move to the door handle . francesca ( v.o. ) since Robert kincaid have drive away from I last Friday , I realize , in spite of how much I think I would care for he then , I have nonetheless badly underestimate my feeling . that do not seem possible , but it be true . I have begin to understand what he already understand . francesca sit freeze by she responsibility , stare at that back window harder than she have ever look at anything in she life . richard what 's he wait for ? francesca look up to see that traffic have clear in all direction . but Robert do not move . francesca know he be go through the same thing as she be in that moment . and then she see : Robert , know francesca be watch , take off the medallion and hang it on he rear-view mirror -- touch it gently , as if he be touch she . Richard beeps he horn lightly . but Robert 's truck just sit there . francesca 's eye begin to tear up . her hand grip the door handle . she do not have the strength to stay -- and she do not have the strength to leave . suddenly , kincaid 's leave signal light come on . in a moment he will be go . Richard fiddle with the chevy 's radio . Robert slowly ease he old pickup into the intersection head west , lowering he window to help with visibility . francesca squint through she tear and the rain and fog and see the fade red paint on the door : " kincaid photography -- bellingham , Washington . '' as Robert complete the turn , francesca can see he hair blow in the wind from the open window . he begin to accelerate down 92 and roll up the window . francesca ( v.0 . ) ' oh , Christ -- oh , Jesus Christ almighty ... no !' ( more ) ( continued ) 78b 79 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 78b francesca ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the word be inside of I . ' I be wrong , Robert , I be wrong to stay ... but I can not go . let I tell you again why I can not go ... tell I again why I should go . ' I hear he voice come back down the highway ... ROBERT ( v.0o . ) this kind of certainty come only once , and never again , no matter how many lifetime you live . Richard take the truck across the intersection head north . francesca look for a moment past he face toward the old pickup 's red taillight move off into the distance . a huge semi - trailer rig roar into winterset , spraying a wave of water over the last cowboy . francesca ( whisper ) Goodbye , Robert kincaid . she begin to cry openly . Richard look over at she . richard what 's wrong , franny ? will you please tell I what 's wrong with you ? francesca Richard , I just need some time to myself . I will be alright in a few minute . Richard tune in to the noon livestock report , look over at she and shake he head . CUT to : ext . johnson house - day 79 the rain be beginning to back off . Richard 's truck drive up . francesca step out with she bag of grocery and walk briskly into the house . Richard follow more slowly with he bag of feed , stop at the gate to pick up the button from francesca 's red dress . CUT to : 80 81 93. int . kitchen - day 80 francesca enter and place she grocery on the counter . she try to compose herself . she see the radio before she . she turn it on . the dinah WASHINGTON song , " I will Close my eye " evoke every feel of love and loss within she . she begin to cry . she hear Richard enter the house . she stand out of sight , hold she hand to she mouth to muffle she cry . she hear : michael ( 0.s. ) dad ! you buy the wrong feed ! richard ( 0.s. ) what ?! she hear Richard exit the house . CUT to : int . kitchen - evening . , 81 at dinner , Richard remember the button he find . richard oh , franny , be this yours ? francesca see the button . she speak to Richard mos . the scene continue and she narration be hear : francesca ( v.0 . ) I almost tell he . in that moment I feel as if I could not hold it '' back . if he really love I , maybe he would understand . she return to she meal . the family eat in silence . francesca ( v.0 . ) I be grateful for the silence that night . I realize love will not obey we expectation . its mystery be pure and absolute . what Robert and I have , could not continue if we be together . what Richard and I share would vanish if we be apart . but how I want to share this . how would we life have change if I have ? could anyone else have see the beauty of it ? cut to : 82 83 84 94 . int . johnson kitchen - night 82 francesca move about the kitchen with a frantic pace as she put the finish touch on a cake . place the frosting bowl in the sink , she hear someone upstair exite they bedroom . she quickly gather the cake and she bag and exit through the screen door . CUT to : ext . johnson house - night 83 Fighting tear , she walk to the truck from around the house . she get in and start it . she vaguely hear she daughter from the front door : carolyn Mom ? but she do not acknowledge it and drive away . CUT to : ext . lucy redfield house - night 84 a hand knock on a door . lucy redfield open it to find francesca stand there with a cake . francesca hi. I be francesca Johnson . I just feel awful that I have not come to visit sooner . I hope I be not interrupt anything . be it too late ? Lucy be shocked and move at the same time . lucy no . not at all . francesca I be wonder if ... maybe you would like some company . ( almost manic ) I baked a cake ! Lucy look at the cake . she 's a little daze by all this . lucy uh ... sure . please . come in . I will make coffee . francesca enter . Lucy close the door . CUT to : 85 86 95 . ext . iowa lakefront - dawn 85 Michael continue read beside carolyn as the sun rise . michael ' we become inseparable , Lucy and I . the funny thing be , I do not tell she about Robert until year later . but , - for some reason , be with she somehow make I feel it be safe to think about he . the town love talk about the two of we but we do not care . and neither do you father . which I think be a lovely thing . I receive Robert 's letter and my photograph soon after . I always wonder if you father find they . I be never quite sure ... 's -cut to : 1979 int . johnson bedroom - night 86 a older francesca care for a sickly Richard . he lie in bed beside a array of medicine and tonic . she wipe he forehead with a cool cloth as he take he pill . francesca better ? he nod . she smile . she shut off the light and lie beside he . richard franny ? francesca hmmm ? richard I just want to say ... I know you have you own dream . I be sorry I could not give they to you . I love you so much . francesca turn to he . she be so touch , tear fill she eye . she nestle close to he , wrapping she arm around he . CUT to : 87 88 89 96 . 1982 ext . iowa countryside 87 francesca picnic at the same spot she share with Robert . francesca ( v.0 . ) - after you father die , I try to get in touch with Robert but find out he have leave the National geographic . no 's one seem to know where he be . my only connection to he be the place we would be to that one day . and so each year on , on my birthday , I would re-visit they . CUT to : ext . johnson house - day : 88 francesca greet a ups man with a envelope and a package . francesca ( v.0o . ) and then one day , I receive the letter from he attorney , with a package . int . johnson live room 89 francesca read the letter inform she of Robert 's death . she then unwrap the package to reveal a medallion with she name inscribe and a photography book ; a publish collection of black - and - white photo by Robert kincaid entitle four day . press between two page , the note francesca leave for Robert on roseman Bridge . we only see the word " white moth be on the wing . " on the front page there read a inscription , " for F . " : ROBERT ( v.0 . ) ' there be a pleasure in the pathless wood ... there be a rapture on the lonely shore ... there be society where none intrude ... by the deep sea and music in its roar ... I love not man the less , but nature more ... ' ( more ) ( continued ) 89 90 91 97 . continued : 89 ROBERT ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " , .. from this we interview , in which I steal ... from all I may be , or have be béfore . to mingle with the Universe and feel ... what ~ '' I can not 'er express , yet can not all conceal . ' the quote be byron' . she smile with pride as she cry . CUT to : int . francesca's kitchen - early morning 90 Michael and carolyn enter . he rummages through the — cupboard , find that bottle of brandy , now almost ~ empty . michael there be enough for two drink . want one ? carolyn yes . Michael take the only two brandy glass from the cupboard and set they on the yellow Formica table . he empty francesca 's last bottle of brandy into they . the notebook be close , but francesca 's narration continue over the next few scene . francesca ( v.0 . ) there have not be a day since that I have not think of he , when he say we be no longer two people , he be right ... int . johnson bedroom - day : 91 carolyn , look through she mom 's closet , find the summer dress she buy in Des Moines to wear for Robert . francesca ( v.0 . ) we be bound together as tightly as two people can be . if it have not be for he , I do not think I would have last on the farm all this year . remember that dress of mine you want , carolyn -- the one you say I never wear . ( more ) ( continued ) 91 92 93 98 . continued : 91 francesca ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) well , I know I be silly . but to I , it be as if you be ask to wear my wedding dress to go to the movie . carolyn smile as she hold the dress before she . int . motel - day . 92 a tired Michael find he way through the motel to he room . : francesca ( v.o. ) after read all this , I hope you can now understand my burial request . it be not the raving of some mad old lady . I give my life to my family . I wish to give Robert what be leave of I . CUT to : int . motel room 93 Michael enter to find he two child watch tv and a angry Betty fold clothes . child hey , dad ! . he look at they lovingly , then at Betty , who angrily motion for he to follow she into the bedroom . she slam the door behind he and talk in a irate whisper : betty you have be out all night long ! do I have a right to ask where you have be ? Michael just look at she . he gently take she hand and kiss it . michael do I make you happy , Betty ? ( as she be stunne ) because I want to . I want to more than anything . ( continued ) 93 94 95 99 . continued : 93 he gently kiss she cheek , then embrace she . Betty -- for the first time in she life -- be utterly speechless . CUT to : int . johnson bedroom 94 wearing she mother 's dress , carolyn sit on the bed hold - ing the phone , wait for Steve to pick up . in she other hand , she hold the divorce lawyer 's card . ~ carolyn ( on phone ; gently ) hi , Steve ? it 's I ... good. you ...? listen , we have to talk . well , how about now ...? uh , no -- I have decide I be go to stay for a while ... I do not know how long ... I be not angry , Steve . I be not angry at all ... she smile . CUT to : ext . roseman bridge - day . 95 Michael and he family stand beside carolyn and a Priest . francesca ( v.0 . ) " I give Lucy he photography book . if you be interested , take a look . if my word still leave some thing unclear , perhaps he picture can illuminate . after all , that 's what a artist do best .! Michael receive the urn from the priest . he and caroly n walk away from the group towards the bridge . they stop . gazolyn remove the lid . Michael set he mother 's ash ree . francesca ( v.0o . ) ' I love you both with all my heart . do what you have to to be happy in this life . there be so much beauty . go well , my child . ' fade out .