grifter by Donald E. westlake base on the novel by Jim Thompson . second draft . March 1989 ----------------------------------------------------------------------- fade in : ext . ruidoso downs - day a angle establish the race track , ruidoso downs ( pronounce ree-oh - do - so ) , set among the beautiful mountain of New Mexico 's lincoln National Forest , as a white Chrysler turn in with a stream of car move toward the parking area . a angle through the open driver - side window of the Chrysler at lilly dillon , 39 but look young , beautiful but cold and watchful . wide shot , track in b.g. as lilly park the Chrysler , get out , lock the car . as she walk toward the track , wipe right , as scene two wipe in from the leave . scene one camera follows lilly as she walk across the large parking area . split screen . scene two : ext . side STREET - day downtown Los Angeles , near the court and the business section . roy dillon , 25 , handsome and charming but self indulgent , park he orange Honda convertible , get out , pick up a large ledger book from the back seat , go around to open the trunk . a angle on the trunk , establish the tool of the salesman 's trade : catalog , sample , ledger full of manual and product sheet . Roy add the ledger from the back seat , shut the trunk , walk away . ext . 6th STREET - day Roy walk around the corner near a bar / restaurant . as he approach it , wipe left , the two half - width scene contracting to one - third each as scene three wipe in from the right . scene one : lilly approach the track 's entrance door . scene two : Roy approach the bar . scene three : ext . santa monica boulevard - day a baby blue cadillac park in front of a jeweler . a angle on the driver 's door as myra langtry , 36 , beautiful in a impersonal calculate way , get out , carry a small jewelry care , and lock the car . at first glance , myra look rather like lilly . ( myra always wear large dangly earring , and usually wear big-lense dark sunglass . ) simultaneously : scene one : lilly enter the track . scene two : Roy enter the bar . scene three : myra enter the jeweler 's . wipe right and left , as scene two take full screen . int . bar - day a angle on a hurried bartender in a full bar , crowded with a noisy lunchtime crowd . in b.g. , Roy slither he way to the bar , wave a bill in the air to attract the bartender 's attention . a angle on Roy as the bartender come to he . Roy put the bill on the bar , hold it down with one finger , as he shout he order . the bartender look down . bartender' Pov : Roy 's finger hold down a twenty dollar bill . a angle steep over Roy 's shoulder , the twenty visible , as the bartender hurry away to get the drink . Roy 's hand make a fist , swallow the twenty , open , push a ten out onto the bar , hold it there with one finger . a angle on the bartender return with a draft beer , nodd to other order shout to he along the way , put the beer down , grab the bill without look at it , hurry away . a angle on Roy , content , smile , sip he beer . a angle on the bartender , hurry by , slapping Roy 's change down , move on , Roy nodd acknowledgement , reach out . cu , the change , a ten dollar bill on top . Roy 's hand close over it . ext . tote board - day wide shot , the tote board at the track , show the shifting odd on the horse for the next race , the amount bet . close shot , number 3 . not much bet , odd 70 - 1 . ext . ruidoso downs - day a angle on lilly , frown at the tote board . she carry a large heavy shoulder - bag , which she open , look in it as though it be a file drawer . a angle on lilly study the content of she bag , the track beyond she , the mountain visible out beyond the track wall . lilly move . a angle on a high - dollar betting window , as lilly approach , take bank - band wad of bill from she bag . ext . tote board - day a change of number sweep across the board . ext . ruidoso downs - day lilly move away from the betting window , tucking betting ticket into she bag . ecu , lilly 's bag , compartment , with stack of money , small envelope and note on notepaper in each compartment . lilly carefully file the betting slip . a angle on lilly look out at the tote board . ext . tote board - day cu , number 3 . odd 32-1. ext . ruidoso downs - day a angle on lilly , not satisfied . she turn and go back . a angle at the betting window as lilly arrive and make more bet . ext . tote board - day cu , number 3 . odd 32 - 1 . crowd noise increase . the number shift : odd 26 - 1 . caller ( o.s. ) and they be off ! int . jeweler' office - day very quiet , stately ; abrupt contrast with the track . a slow tick clock . myra sit in the client 's chair , while at the desk sit the jeweler , a pleasant but overweight man of 40 , who study a jewele bracelet through a loupe . he sigh , drop the loupe , shake he head regretfully . jeweler Mrs. langtry , I be sorry . myra why ? what 's wrong ? jeweler ( personal emotion mix in ) you be a value customer , as you know . myra but what 's wrong ? jeweler I can not understand a thing like this . it 's something you almost never see . myra what be ? jeweler ( hold up bracelet ) this be some of the finest filigreed platinum I have ever see . but the stone , no . they be not diamond , Mrs. langtry . myra but they must be ! they cut glass ! jeweler ( wry ) Glass will cut glass , Mrs. langtry . do you know where it be purchase ? int . HOTEL room - day a expensive hotel room , with a sunstruck day beyond the window . myra , naked , a few year young , sit cross -legge on the bed and laugh at cole " farmer " langley , 55 , stringy body , who stand naked , he back to we , hand on hip , present himself to myra . she reach forward , hand hide by he body as she lift something that be hang on something at the front of he . she bring back the bracelet , look at it , be delighted , put it on , and then lean forward again toward the unmove Cole , she head hide by he body . int . jeweler' office - day myra it be a gift . it be not worth anything at all ? jeweler ( warm , encourage ) why , of course it be . I can offer you -- well , five hundred dollar . myra expect -- and need -- a lot more . she 's worried , tense , but stick . she nod . myra all right . jeweler ( rise ) I will get you a check . he leave the room . myra grimace , in almost physical pain . int . second bar - day another crowded lunchtime bar . a big beefy bartender move quickly , carry a draft beer . a angle on Roy , in position , finger hold bill down , as the bartender arrive , put down the beer , reach for the bill , stop , stare at the bill . two shot , the bartender and Roy , as the bartender give Roy a very cold look . he know , and Roy know he know . Roy try a innocent smile , which do not work . Roy move . cu , the ten dollar bill , as Roy grab it , but the bartender simultaneously grab Roy 's wrist . a angle on Roy and the bartender as Roy try to pull away and the bartender hold he with he leave hand while reach under the bar with he right . he come up with a saw - off baseball bat . Roy , see it , throw he free arm up to protect he head , but the bartender push the blunt end of the bat straight across the bar at a downward angle and hard into Roy 's solar plexus , drive the air out of he and propelling he back away from the bar , leave the ten . the nearest customer on both side become aware that something happen , but nothing follow and they be already involved in conversation . the bartender scoops up the ten as he put the bat away under the bar . a angle on Roy , arm fold across he torso , stare in shock toward the bar , where the space he fill have already be close in by other body . nearly retching , he stumble toward the door . ext . ruidoso downs - day a angle on four people at a table , cheering a race , switch to disgust and despair when they lose , move away from the table , leave they betting ticket behind . lilly pass by , smoothly and casually scoops up the ticket , move on along a row of table , and there find more ticket . int . jeweler' office - day myra sit as before . the jeweler enter with a check , which he hand she . she look up at he , make no move to leave . jeweler I hope you be not too badly disappointed with we , Mrs. langtry . myra it 's not you fault . jeweler you will give we a opportunity to serve you again , I hope . if there 's anything you think we might be interested in ... myra I have only one thing now . be you interested ? jeweler well , I would have to see it , of course . myra you be see it . you be look right at it . the jeweler be puzzle , then startle . jeweler I see . he turn away , go behind he desk , sit down , look at myra . jeweler you know something , Mrs. langtry ? a bracelet like that very rarely happen . a fine set and workmanship usually mean precious stone . it always hurt I when I find they be not . I always hope -- ( faint sad friendly smile ) -- I be mistaken . myra like he better now , even though he have not solve she problem . she rise . myra thank you . for everything you feel you could do . ext . STREET - day Roy have be throw up but be finish now . he 's sprawle like a shot deer across the hood of he Honda , still clutching he stomach . a police car stop , the passenger cop get out . he 's suspicious at first . cop Sir ? everything all right ? the sight of the uniform force Roy into gear . he straighten , smile through he pain . roy get better . a bad shrimp , I think . the con 's suspicion change to concern . cop want we to take you to a doctor ? roy no no , I be fine now , thanks , anyway . still get a lot of client to see . cop take it easy , now . roy oh , I will . ext . ruidoso downs - day late afternoon . a angle on the parking area , where almost all the car be go and the few remain be widely separate . the white Chrysler be one of this . lilly walk to it from the track entrance . a angle on the Chrysler as lilly open the trunk , put she bag inside . close up , lilly and the trunk . she take betting ticket from she bag , sort they , file they in envelope in different compartment , put some to one side , then sort through this separate ticket , throw some away , keep some . she take money from the bag , put ticket in , close the bag with the money on the trunk floor . reaching farther in , she lift the pad deep inside the trunk , lift the metal floor panel , and reveal a cache mostly fill with money . she add today 's skim , put everything away , put the bag back on she shoulder , close the trunk . ext . madero apartment - day a shabby apartment hotel on wilshire . a exterior hall balcony on each floor have the entrance door to the front apartment . Roy 's Honda make the turn and enter the basement garage . int . madero lobby - day modest but clean . the owner , simm , a sloppy garrulous old bore , talk with a potential renter . simm put it this way , now . say I rent to a woman , well , she have to have a room with a bath . I insist on it , because otherwise she 's get the hall bath tie up all the time , wash she goddamn hair and she clothes and everything she can think of . in b.g. , Roy , still in pain , come out of the elevator , wave to simm , who wave back without pause in he monologue , and cross to the mailbox . simm now , you minimum for a room with bath be three hundred a month , just for a place to sleep and no cooking allow . and just how many of this tootsy make that kind of money and have to eat in restaurant and buy clothes and -- Roy , carry he junk mail and pretend not to be in pain , cross to simm . roy Mr. simm . simm ( fawn ) why yes , Mr. dillon . here 's a potential new neighbor , look at -- roy ( uninterested ) uh-huh . Mrs. langtry may drop by . simm do not like Mrs. langtry , but can not say so . simm I will send she right up . Roy go back to the elevator . simm continue he monologue . simm I have my first hotel thirty - seven year ago in wichita Falls , Texas , and that 's where I begin to learn about woman . they just do not make the money , you see , not regular they do not , and there 's only one way they can get it . Roy enter the elevator . simm now , that Mr. dillon there , that 's the fine type of person I have in mind for here . like yourself , I have no doubt . he 's a salesman , regular as clockwork , have a suite here . Fine man . now , about this woman . at first , you know , they just go out and do it now and then , just enough to make end meet . but pretty soon they get that bank open twenty - four hour a day , and then you have get trouble . hooker and hotellin ' just do not mix . you would think the cop would be too busy catch real criminal , not snooping around after work girl , but that 's the way the gravy stain , as the say be , and I do not fight it . a ounce of prevention be my motto . myra enter from the front , look across at simm , point upward . simm call to she . simm oh , yes , Mrs. langtry , he 's up there , he 's expect you . myra cross to the elevator . simm speak more softly . simm if you keep out the woman in the first place , see , you keep out the hooker , and then you keep out the cop , and that 's how you have a clean place . ext . roy' apartment - day a angle along the balcony , with Roy 's apartment door in f.g. and Los Angeles in b.g. myra cross to the door , open it with she key , enter . int . bathroom - day a small crowded old - fashioned bathroom . Roy , shirt open and trousers push down almost to he crotch , look in the mirror at purplish greenish bruise on he stomach . he touch he stomach , wince . myra ( o.s. ) Roy ? he look at the door , then grin at he reflection . roy you medicine be here . he leave the bathroom . int . live room - day Hotel furniture , shabby and anonymous . on the wall , contrast with everything else , be two cry - clown picture on black velvet , mount in big boxy frame . myra stand in the middle of the room , and Roy enter , shirt and trousers still disarranged . myra ( amused by clothing ) well , well . in a real hurry , be we ? roy always , for you , baby . he reach for she , but she playfully hold he off . myra you be not take I for grant , be you ? roy take you for granite ? he grin , as he fingertip prod she breast . roy that be not granite . if that fall on I , it would not hurt at all . myra ( play along ) be you sure ? roy ( pull she close ) let 's find out . ext . highway phone booth - day lilly 's white Chrysler be park next to a open-air phone . traffic whizze by . lilly talk on the phone , with pen and notebook at the ready . the racetrack be visible in the b.g . lilly I be do here . do I come back to Baltimore ? int . office - day it could be a expensive , if gaudy , lawyer 's office . Baltimore harbor be visible past the window . irv , the accountant , sit at a desk cover -- but neatly cover -- with ledger , computer printout , etc . he speak on the phone . irv bobo want you to go on to delmar . intercut phone booth and office lilly delmar ? I never go out to California . that 's a thousand mile from here . irv nine hundred . bobo need somebody to handle playback this time . come on , lilly , you do not argue with bobo . lilly ( fatalistic ) I know . irv take two , three day . call when you get there . lilly maybe I will swing around Los ang gleez on the way . this be lilly make the best of the situation . she listen a bit more , grunt a farewell , hang up , move to she car . int . bedroom - day again , anonymous hotel furniture . Roy and myra naked in bed , he on he back , she straddle he , both move gently . he 's half feel pleasure , half unconscious . myra Roy ? roy mm ? myra look at I . roy oh , I be , baby , believe I . myra Roy ? it this all we have ? roy all ? it be not bad . myra no more than this ? he try to concentrate on she . roy what be you talk abut , myra ? Marriage ? myra I do not say that . you be not marriage material . he keep watch she , ironic , hip move . look for a distraction , she notice the bruise on he stomach . myra what 's that ? she touch it ; he flinch back , in real pain . roy ow ! hey , what be you try to do , throw I off my game ? myra ( laugh ) no , baby . come to mama . she fold forward onto he . he put he arm around she . they rock together slowly . ext . motel - day the same mountain in b.g. as at the track . lilly carry two small bag from she motel room , put they on the back seat of the cadillac , get behind the wheel , drive away . int . bathroom - day myra , dress , primp at the mirror , survey herself critically , be reasonably satisfied , leave . int . bedroom - day Roy lie supine on the bed , semi-conscious , half - cover by a sheet . myra , casual , not notice he condition , lean she head in through the doorway . myra wore you out , do I ? it 's a good woman you can not keep down , baby . he move fitfully , croak a attempt at speech . myra have a good sleep , baby . call you tomorrow . he sit up , try to grin and be easy . roy wait will next year . a angle across Roy 's profile , with open bedroom door beyond he . through it , the live room and outer door can be see . myra cross the live room , open the door . Bright sunlight pour in , emphasize the sweat on he face . she close the door , and he give up try to smile . gingerly , he touch he bruise stomach , wince . roy damn that guy . he 's go to get out of bed , but movement create pain . he sit back against the headboard , look around , reach painfully to the bedside table drawer , take a quarter from it , study the quarter , feel it with fingertip , place it on the back of he leave hand , slowly move the soft pad of he right palm over it , then turn the quarter over and repeat . then he take the quarter in he right hand , flip it , slap it down onto the back of he leave hand , speak simultaneously with the hand come together . roy smack . he look away , right hand move minimally on leave hand . roy head . he lift the right hand , nod , then flip the coin again , look away , move the right hand slightly . roy head . again he 's right . again he repeat . roy tail . he 's about to repeat when a wave of weakness come over he . he sit back , gasp , but will not acknowledge the problem . he force himself to flip the coin , miss catch it , find it on the blanket , flip it again , slap it onto the back of the other hand , look away . roy tail . right again . he prepare to flip the coin , but then he hand sag onto the cover , he chin drop , he eye glaze . roy ( whisper ) how much can I bet ? int . passenger train - day the train run through a forest , tree shadow make a light and - dark pattern . Roy , four or five year young , sit with a three - core- monte gang , consist of a dealer , a spectacle shill beside he , Roy face the dealer , a roper next to Roy . on a briefcase on the dealer 's lap be three card , face up : a ace and two deuce . across the aisle , alone in the seat , sit mintz , a conman in he fifty , pretend not to watch , but watch with amusement . dealer that 's between you two . I get nothing at stake here , I be just deal . shill what if we both guess wrong ? you be not gonna take ... the dealer turn aside , allow himself to be distract . he and the shill argue nonsensically . the roper nudge Roy , then reach out and crimp the ace . Roy 's do a wide - eye bumpkin kid ; he stare at the roper in delight and amazement . a angle on the shill , argue with the dealer but look toward Roy and the roper , then increase the force of he argument . a angle across the amused mintz at the roper whisper to Roy . two shot , Roy and the roper . roper we get he now ! put down that big bill you get . roy ( whisper ) the fifty or the hundred ? roper the hundred ! hurry ! roy ( doubtful ) the ace be what I want ? the roper 's have trouble keep he patience . roper sure it be ! two shot , the dealer and the shill , fake - squabbling , Roy and the roper see in b.g. between they face , Roy finally bring out he wallet , withdraw a bill . relieved , the dealer and the shill cut the crap . a angle on the group as Roy put he hundred dollar bill on the briefcase . roy be that okay ? the shill pull a messy wad of bill from he inner pocket , use most of it to cover the bet . shill you be damn right that 's okay . dealer ( pick up the card ) whoever find the ace , win . ecu , the dealer 's hand , shuffle the card at lightning speed . he deal the card out face down . int . bedroom - day cu , Roy 's sweat - cover face , eyelid flutter . roy ( whisper ) Dark in here . int . passenger train - day a angle on the group . Roy squint at the card , light and dark play on he face . roy too dark . I just can not see . casually , but too quickly to be stop , he reach across and pluck the shill 's glass off . roy let I borrow this , will you ? a angle across mintz , surprised and amused , at the group in b.g. , in consternation as Roy put on the glass and look down at the card . roy now , that 's better . roy' Pov : the glass be ' reader . ' through they , a large gray ' a ' can be see on the back of one of the non-crimped card . Roy 's hand reach out and flip it over . it 's the ace of spade . int . bedroom - day a angle across Roy toward the doorway . Roy , eye close , smile in triumph , then wince in pain . mintz partially appear , hover beside the bed , grin at Roy . mintz I do not teach you that . roy ( whisper ) you teach I a lot . then I invent . int . airport departure lounge - day weary bored people sit around wait . Roy , 17 , lug a big suitcase , walk through , take a seat near mintz , who 's do card trick for he own pleasure . Roy watch , then move closer . roy let I see how you do that one . mintz scram . go home . roy I can not . I just leave home . mintz you be too young . you should be in school . roy I be in school . mintz peer at he , take a interest . then he hold up the five of spade , show it to Roy , put it back in the deck , shuffles , show Roy the deck . mintz where 's the five ? roy in you other hand . mintz grin slowly , turn he hand over with the palm card show . int . bedroom night Roy slump , eye close , half -smile , with the fever mintz hover . Roy 's smile fade , he flutter eyelid grow still , he face slack . the fever mintz fade and disappear . ext . highway - day a angle on a large sign indicate " Los Angeles " straight ahead . camera pan down and around 180 degree to face the several lane of heavy Los Angeles - bound traffic . long beat . hundred of car rush by . camera pan with lilly 's white Chrysler as it come along in the stream . a angle through the Chrysler 's leave side window at lilly , drive , concentrate , bite she leave thumbnail . she become aware that 's what she 's do , shake she head in irritation : she 's try to break herself of this habit . ostentatiously she tuck the thumb into she fist , rest the fist on top of the steering wheel , where she can keep a eye on it . high angle on the westbound lane . the Chrysler pass . soon it 's out of sight among all the other car . long beat . int . bedroom - day a angle across the unmove unconscious Roy toward the doorway . the apartment door beyond the live room open , throw light on Roy , who do not react . lilly enter , in silhouette , close the door , cross toward the bedroom . ( until she speak , we can not be quite sure who this be . with the similarity between herself and myra , this could be myra . ) lilly ( hesitant ) Roy ? no reaction . lilly , get worried , move closer , through the bedroom doorway . lilly Roy ? you asleep ? his head move slightly . he barely have strength to speak . roy myra ? she move forward to the side of the bed , only she torso in frame . she touch a hand to he forehead . lilly ( startle ) my God ! she turn , hurry back to the live room , look around for the phone , cross to it , dial , speak . Roy 's eye open , he frown . roy lilly ? int . live room - day lilly , hard and fast and urgent , on the phone . lilly tell the doctor I work for bobo justus , and this be a emergency . do not worry , he know who bobo be . int . bedroom - day a angle down toward Roy , from above , he 's weak but troubled . eye close , frown , whisper . roy go away , lilly . go away . Roy 's eye close . he look dead . slow fade . int . live room - day the doctor , a nervous heavyset man in he fifty , a drinker from the look of he , be on the phone in b.g. , while lilly prowl the room , look at everything with distaste , then stop to frown at the box - frame clown picture . she do not get it . she touch one of the picture , try to understand . the doctor hang up , turn to lilly . doctor ( lugubrious ) the ambulance be on the way , for what good it will do . lilly what ? he 's go to be all right ! doctor Mrs. dillon , you son be in some sort of accident . he 's have a internal hemorrhage , he 's bleed to death inside . lilly well , make it stop ! doctor his blood pressure be under a hundred . I do not think he will live to get to the hospital . lilly ( icy , stern ) you know who I work for . he 's uncomfortable , want to dismiss that part of he life . doctor yes , yes , but that 's -- lilly my son will be all right . if he be not , I will have you kill . the doctor stare at she in astonishment , then in belief . SOUND of ambulance siren . to break the moment , he cross to the door , open it . Light bathes lilly . the doctor step back across the threshold , wait for the ambulance . he look back at lilly , who stare at he . int . ambulance - day ecu , Roy , skin pallid , eye close and sink , lip white . SOUND of siren louder . SOUND segue to child crying . crying fade . int . HOTEL lobby - day a clumsy slum hotel fifteen year ago , with a tiny lobby , the desk clerk at a half - door in one wall . lilly , at 24 , enter from the street . this be a definite hooker , with bright maroon hair and a black - and - white miniskirt . she stop wordlessly at the desk for she key . clerk ( hand key ) you kid 's in the back here . he 's cry . lilly Roy ? he 's always cry . clerk ( sympathetic to Roy ) the kid beat he up , because he home life be , uh , different . lilly ( ironic ) I like you , too . the clerk shrug . he do not like this tough broad . he turn and call back into he office . clerk Roy , you mother 's here . Roy , 10 , come reluctantly out to lilly , sniffle and rub he arm . lilly so what 's you story today ? roy they twisted my arm . lilly ( laugh lightly ) only one arm ? he try not to cry , and show she a space between he tooth . roy they knock out my tooth ! lilly only one tooth ? Roy 's frustrated , unhappy , have nowhere else to turn . roy you always say that ! lilly will not take he seriously , but she relent enough to stop teasing he , and to pat he head , ignore how he flinch away . lilly come on , kid , let 's see if there 's any food in the house . clerk ( there 's no food ) hah . lilly give he a jaundice look , walk Roy to the stair and up . the clerk , scornful but sexually interested , watch she go . int . hospital room - day ecu , Roy in a hospital bed , with more color in he face , breathe more normally . he begin to react to the sound of people speak . myra ( o.s. ) no , really , you be Roy 's mother ? that 's impossible ! lilly ( o.s. ) not quite . but I be not sure who you be , Mrs ... langtry , be it ? Roy 's eye open , he look toward the voice . myra ( o.s. ) I be Roy 's friend . wide shot , lilly and myra face one another across the foot of Roy 's bed , in a two - bed hospital room . ( the old man in the other bed sleep through the scene . ) neither woman be yet aware that Roy 's awake . lilly look myra up and down , with obvious contempt . lilly yes . I imagine you be lot of people 's friend . myra move one pace to the side , study lilly 's face . myra oh , of course , now that I see you in the light , you be plenty old enough to be Roy 's mother . lilly ( sweet smile ) be not we all ? roy ( very weak , but amused ) play nice . do not fight . the woman , startle , both move toward Roy , one on each side of the bed . three shot , myra and lilly both lean over to look down at Roy 's sleepy face . myra darling ! lilly Roy . you be go to be all right . roy sure I be . what make you turn up , after all this year ? lilly I be work down in San Diego . just for a few week . ( awkward laugh ) think I would drop in on my long - lose son . roy ( cold ) Nice to see you . ( turn to myra ) what be I do in here ? myra you be bleed inside , honey . remember that bruise you have ? roy you call the doctor , huh ? myra ( reluctant ) well , no , Roy . you mother find you . roy ( toss it away ) oh , yeah ? ( very casual , to lilly ) thanks . ( back to myra ) how long do they say I be in here ? myra 's willing to fight with lilly , but Roy 's attitude toward he mother make she uncomfortable . myra Roy ... you mom save you life . Roy turn he head , give lilly a ironic smile . lilly wait , hold herself in . roy yeah ? only one life ? she nod , accept that , but then respond . lilly second time I give it to you . Roy give she a cold smile , then turn to myra for the ironic explanation . roy I be kind of ... inconvenient ... for lilly . lilly have nothing but contempt for myra . to be humiliate in front of myra -- and by she son -- be the worst thing that could happen to she . she make as dignify a exit as she can . lilly well ... you be all right now , I guess . I have to get down to the track . roy ( reluctant , but it 's necessary ) thanks , uh , lilly . lilly ( awkward laugh ) do not mention it . roy I guess I owe you my life . lilly ( faint smile ) you always do . lilly exit . myra look after she , curious . myra " down to the track ? " Roy will not talk about this , with anyone . his response be cold , close the subject . roy her job . myra ( bright smile ) I want to know everything about you . roy ( easy grin ) you do . and once I be out of here , I will remind you of the best part . they smile flirtatiously at one another , both with they mind on other thing . int . bathroom - day very messy , small . myra shower . she finish , emerge , wrap herself in a towel , open the crowded messy medicine cabinet , remove cosmetics and other item , start to tweeze she eyebrow . doorbell ring . she look irritate , ignore it . Long doorbell ring . exasperate , she slap the tweezers down , exit . int . live room - day another furnish apartment , this one with myra 's clothing and dish and glass and other junk all over it . she cross to the door , pull it open . the apartment manager enter ; a sullen , nervous , heavyset man . myra ( angry , but defensive ) you hear the shower , do not you ? manager I do not care about that . this time , I gotta have the rent . myra force herself to be more pleasant . myra Joe , I think I be gonna be all right by now , I just need a little more -- manager it be not the owner , myra , it 's my wife . she know what 's go on . this time , I gotta have the money . myra Joe , you know you will -- in gesture , myra " accidentally " lose the towel , then wrap it around herself again as the manager stare nervously away . she smile , know she 's get he . myra Joe , could we talk it over ? do you want a drink ? manager my wife send I here , myra . for the money . she 's wait . myra I will have it tonight . nine o'clock ? ten ? manager ( try to be determine ) this time ... myra we will work something out , Joe . she stroke he arm , smile . he flee . she smile till he 's go , then look worried , lean she head against the door . int . hospital room - day Roy , very comfortable in pajamas and robe , sit in a wheelchair beside the bed , with magazine lie handy on the bed . myra , irritable , pace beside he . myra I do not see why you be still here . you look healthy to I . roy I just do what the doctor say , babe . myra you be just comfortable , that 's all . you do not even ask to go home . you just lie around , let you mama take care of you . roy ( truly astonished ) mama ! myra who else be pay for all this ? you badmouth the woman all the time , but you sure do take the payoff she give you . roy ( insulted ) I will pay lilly back , do not you worry about that . myra I do not like to come here , Roy . every time I do , you mother come in and make remark . roy that 's just lilly 's way . myra and you never defend I . you be afraid of she . roy oh , do not be stupid . myra you be a mama 's boy , if you want the truth . this be so absurd , Roy do not know how to respond . roy be you kid --? I have not even see she in seven year ! lilly enter , smile in self - confidence . a large ugly burn be on the back of she right hand . lilly should my ear be burn ? myra ( surly ) they might as well . lilly give she a mock -admire look . lilly I hear that skirt be come back . myra 's not quite up to direct confrontation with lilly . she glower at Roy instead . myra get well soon . roy ( easy ) every day in every way . myra I will see you when you get home . myra stalk out . acting as though myra have not exist , lilly put she bag on the bed , take mail from it . roy what happen to you hand ? lilly ( casually dismissive ) just a little accident . I go by you place , pick up you mall . just bill , I will take care of they . roy I can take care of my own bill , lilly . lilly ( indifferent shrug ) whatever you say . the manager say you boss call . ( crooked grin ) really pull the wool over everybody 's eye , huh ? roy what be you talk about ? so I have get a job . so what ? lilly stop kid I ! four year in a town like Los ang-gleez , and a peanut sell job be the best you can do ? you expect I to believe that ? roy ( spread hand ; it 's obvious ) it 's there . the boss call , you say so yourself . lilly and that dump you live in ! that clown picture on the wall ! this reference alert and worry Roy , which he try to hide . roy I like that . lilly you do not ! Roy dillon ? cornball clown picture ? Commission salesman ? it 's all a front , be not it ? you be on the grift , I know you be . you be work some angle , and do not tell I you be not because I write the book ! roy ( defensive ) you be one to talk . still run playback money for the mob . lilly that 's I . that 's who I be . you be never cut out for the racket , Roy , and if you -- roy how come ? she consider he . his expression be jaunty , dare she . she give he a somber answer . lilly you be not tough enough . he 's afraid she 's right . he cover the doubt with a display of self - assurance . roy not as tough as you , huh ? lilly ( dead serious ) no . and you have to be . she hold up she burn hand , show it to he . lilly you ask I about this . you really want to know what happen ? he be not sure he do ; but what choice do he have ? roy up to you . lilly my boss be a guy name bobo justus , back in Baltimore . when a long shot get too much action , I have to put money on that horse at the track , because it 's the only way to get the odd down . roy sure . lilly the first day of the delmar meet , there be a nag call bluebell . I should have be on it . but that be the day after you come in here , so I stick around to see how you be gonna be . he would speak protest , deny , explain , but she cut he off . lilly that be my choice , nothing to do with you . I take a chance , and it do not work out . roy bluebell come in ? lilly I send bobo ten grand of my own money , like it be the winning from my bet . I hope that would cover I . ( shrug ) it do not . ext . delmar day a angle on the exit door toward the parking lot . lilly come out , self - absorb , then see something ahead of she , falter briefly , keep walk , try a very shaky smile . reverse angle , as lilly approach she car . bobo justus , 50 , a blunt hoodlum in a good suit and a civilized veneer , stand lean against the car , arm fold , squinting behind sunglass . lilly hi , bobo . bobo do I buy you that dress , you piece of shit ? lilly 's scared , startle , but try to figure out how to play this . lilly well , I guess so . you be the guy I work for . bobo you work for I , huh ? then I just may flush you down the toilet . drive I to the durando . bobo get into the passenger seat , while lilly nod convulsive agreement and hurry around to get behind the wheel . the car jolt forward , then smooth , and head for the gate . int . chrysler - day driving along the highway . lilly concentrate on traffic . bobo heavily watch she profile , finally speak . bobo bluebell . lilly 's eye briefly close , she shoulder sag . then she go back to the silent alert person she would be . bobo nod . bobo how would you figure you be gonna get away with that ? lilly I be not get away with anything , bobo . bobo you be fuckin right you be not . how much do you pal cut you in for on that nag , huh ? or do they give you the same kind of screwing you give I ? lilly I be down on that horse , bobo . not as much as I should have be , but there be a lot of action on that -- bobo tap a fingertip against the side of she head to shut she up . she shut up . bobo one question . do you want to stick to that story , or do you want to keep you tooth ? lilly I want to keep my tooth . bobo now I will ask you another . you think I get no contact out here ? that nag pay off at just the open price . there be not hardly a flutter on the tote board from the time the odd be post . there be not enough action to tickle the tote , but you claim a ten grand win ! you send I ten thousand dollar , like I be some mark you can blow off ! lilly ( terrify , break ) bobo , no , I -- bobo you wanna talk to I straight up ? lilly my son -- bobo you what ? lilly my son be in the hospital -- bobo what the fuck be you doin with a son ? lilly he leave home a long time ago . he be in the hospital , up in Los ang gleez , real sick . bobo ( utter scorn ) motherhood . lilly I never fuck up before , bobo . bobo you expect I to buy this ? it 's time for lilly to show tough , and she know it . lilly you do buy it , bobo . I cost you , and I be sorry . bobo think this over . bobo I get a lot of people work for I , lilly . I can not have shit like this . lilly ( begging ) it will never happen again . I swear . bobo it happen once . with I , that 's make a habit of it . lilly drop back to she final position ; fatalism . lilly you be call the shot . bobo you get any kind of long coat in the car ? anything you can wear home over you clothes ? lilly ( deaden with fear ) no . bobo ( do not matter ) I will loan you a raincoat . lilly drive , hold herself together . ext . HOTEL durando - day a tall expensive hotel on the coast north of San Diego . camera pan with the Chrysler pull in and stop at the entrance , then pan up the balcony facade . int . HOTEL suite - day live room of a high - floor suite . camera face across the room to the balcony and the view of the ocean . entrance door to one side . a supermarket shopping bag be on the coffee table . two thug sit on the sofa , watch tv . the door open and lilly enter , follow by bobo . the thug immediately rise and switch off the tv . bobo ( to the thug ) take a walk . the thug leave the room as lilly cross to stand between US and the view , follow by bobo , neither look out . lilly turn to bobo , who abruptly punch she hard in the stomach . she fall to the floor . another angle as bobo step across she and go over to close the drape over the view . lilly sit up , watch he , wait obediently . bobo look at she . bobo ( cont 'd ) get I a bath towel . she get up , hurt , and hurry to the bathroom . bobo sit on the sofa , cross he ankle on the coffee table next to the supermarket bag . he take out and light a cigar . lilly come back with a large white bath towel . bobo ( cont 'd ) you ever hear about the orange ? lilly you mean , the insurance frammis ? bobo tell I about the orange , lilly . he kick over the supermarket bag . orange roll on the floor . bobo ( cont 'd ) while you put that in the towel . lilly 's very scared . she drop to she knee , spread the towel , crawl around gather orange while she talk . lilly you hit a person with the orange in the towel , they get big , awful look bruise , but they do not really get hurt , not if you do it right . it 's for work scam against insurance company . bobo and if you do it wrong ? lilly it can louse up you inside . you can get puh , puh , puh ... bobo ( impatient ) what 's that , lilly ? lilly pause , bent over , tightly hold a orange . lilly permanent damage . bobo you will never shit right again . he get to he foot , leave he cigar in a ashtray . bobo ( cont 'd ) ( hard , impatient ) bring I the towel . fumble slightly , she fold the towel edge together to make a bag , then stand , bring the towel to bobo . he make a production out of get he grip on the edge just right . she stand as limp as she can , just want to get through this . he look at she without expression , rear back with the towel , swing it forward , let it drop open . orange roll on the floor . lilly stare , wide - eye , recognize reprieve . bobo toss the towel behind he onto the sofa , then gesture contemptuously for she to pick up the orange again . two shot , closer , as lilly turn , bend toward the orange , and bobo pick up he cigar , then lift a foot and kick she flatfoote , hard , in the back . she sprawl on the floor . he follow and drop to he knee on she back . a angle close on lilly on the floor , bobo 's knee grind back and forth into she back . a angle on bobo , grimace as he bear down , press he weight onto she back . he lean forward , leave hand brace himself on the floor beside she head as he reach down with the cigar hold in he right hand and press the ember against the back of she splay - out right hand . ecu , lilly , clenching she tooth , tear squeezing from she eye , simply bear it . a angle on bobo , catch a bad smell , look back down behind himself at lilly 's body . this be the result he want , but it disgust he . he straighten up , still kneel on she , put the cigar in he mouth , do not like its taste , remove it , brace he leave hand against she back while he lift off she , get back up onto he foot . wide shot , bobo step over she , expression repulse . bobo ( cont 'd ) go clean yourself up . he put the cigar back in the ashtray as she rise , cradling she burnt hand . not look toward bobo , hobbling with knee together , she start from the room . bobo ( cont 'd ) the raincoat 's on the bed . she leave . he open the drape , then pick up a orange from the floor and step out onto the balcony . ext . balcony - day bobo stand look out at the ocean . he enjoy breathe the sea air . he slowly peel the orange , drop piece of peel over the side . lilly appear in the doorway , wear a too-large man 's raincoat . bobo do not seem to notice she at first , then nod to she . bobo almost forget . that ten grand of yours . it 's in the envelope by the door . lilly ( try for animation ) oh , thanks , bobo . bobo you want a drink ? lilly gee , I better not , if it 's okay . I still gotta drive back up to Los ang-gleez . bobo see you son , huh ? well , that 's nice . a side of you I do not know , lilly . lilly chance take a step out onto the balcony . it 's vital that she encourage this forgive - and - forget dialogue . lilly he 's a good kid . a salesman . bobo on the square , huh ? and how be you make out this day ? stealing much ? bobo 's be jolly now . lilly 's scared , but have to be jolly , too . lilly from you ? my folk do not raise any stupid kid . bobo 's josh now . he raise a humorous eyebrow . bobo not skim a thing , lilly ? lilly oh , well , you know . I just clip a buck here and a buck there . not enough to notice . bobo ( honest approval ) that 's right . take a little , leave a little . lilly a person that do not look out for himself be too dumb to look out for anybody else . he 's a liability , right , bobo ? bobo ( this be he creed ) you be a thousand percent right ! lilly or else he 's work a angle . if he do not steal a little , he 's steeling big . bobo you know it , lilly . lilly you know , I like that suit , bobo . I do not know what there be about it , but it somehow make you look taller . bobo ( delighted ) yeah ? you really think so ? a lot of people be tell I the same thing . lilly well , you can tell they I say they be right . ( look at sky ) I better get go . Roy will wonder where I be . bobo worries about he mother , eh ? give he a hug for I . lilly I will . so long , bobo . lilly leave the balcony . bobo eat more orange , look out at the ocean . his expression be stern but calm . int . chrysler - day lilly drive along the highway , weep , shaking , tooth chatter . her hand be both high on the wheel , the back of the right hand develop a large red burn . lilly lucky ! lucky ! oh , be I lucky .! be I lucky ! int . hospital room - day Roy 's appal and embarrassed and ashamed by this story ; the surface result be , he 's mad at lilly . roy lucky ? you call that lucky ? lilly ( simply ) he let I live . he let I be he friend . Roy in he agitation wheel himself back and forth in the wheelchair , bump into thing . roy you do not put up with that ! nobody have to put up with that ! lilly you do if you be where I be . where you want to be . how would you get that punch in the stomach , Roy ? he close down , sullen , not caring if she believe he or not . roy I trip over a chair . lilly ( calm maternal advice ) get off the grift , Roy . roy why ? lilly ( cont 'd ) ( faint smile ) you do not have the stomach for it . he stare at she , hurt and angry . she stare back , unflinch . angrily , he spin the wheelchair around , he back to she . now she 's hurt . she shrug , speak indifferently to he back . lilly I just give you you life . what you do with it be up to you . roy ( he back turn ) that 's right . she hesitates , then stalk out , shutting the door . hear the door close , Roy spin around in the wheelchair to face where she would be . he start to get up , pause midway . int . hospital corridor - day angry , lilly take a step away from the close door , then stop , look uncertainly back . int . hospital room - day Roy , on he foot now , stand still , indecisive . int . hospital corridor - day lilly shake she head , turn firmly away , march down the corridor . int . hospital room - day Roy make a angry gesture , drop back into the wheelchair , spin it around and wheel over to the phone . Quick and angry , he make a call . SOUND of ring ; SOUND of click . myra ( v.o. ) ( filter ; little - girl flirtatious ) myra here . sorry you miss I . tell I how to reach you and I will , just as soon as I can . SOUND of answer machine beep . roy Babe , I be gettin out of here , and that 's it . let 's take some time out this weekend , go down to lajolla , hit the beach , have some fun . forget all this other stuff , huh ? Roy hang up , sit in the wheelchair look determine . int . madero lobby - day simm talk with a maid . simm you difference between you fold towel and you clean towel be a trip to the laundry . when you be clean that bathroom , what you do , you pick up the towel , you give it a good shake and a good look , and you say to yourself , ' would I dry myself on this towel ? ' if the answer 's yes , fold it . Roy come out of the elevator , crossing toward simm . maid what if it 's wet ? simm Mr. dillon ! welcome back ! you look fine , just fine . roy thanks , Mr. simm , I be feel fine . maid ( shy ) I be glad you be better . simm hand Roy a stack of mail . simm you be well like around here , Mr. dillon . the entire staff will be pleased to see you be back . Roy 's touch and embarrassed by this reaction . roy well , thank you . and thank they . simm sickness come to we all , mister dillon . roy that 's true , Mr. simm . simm we never know when and we never know why . we never know how . the only bless thing we know be , it will be at the most inconvenient and unexpected time . just when you have get ticket to the World Series . and that 's the way the permanent wave . roy well , I be back now . I just want you to know . gotta rush . simm happy to see you look so good . Roy cross back to the elevator , enter it . Elevator door close . simm look after he , avuncular . simm ( cont 'd ) that fellow could be a congressman . ( turn to may ) if it 's wet , you do not fold it . you shake it , and hang it neatly on the rod provide . maid yes , sir . ext . sarber &amp ; webb - day a long low stucco building in a industrial section of Los Angeles . the company name be on the glass of the main door . kagg , a humorless hotshot of 28 , dress in short - sleeve white shirt and narrow dark tie , prowl the crack sidewalk in front of the place , making remark into a small cassette recorder . Roy 's Honda arrive and drive into the company lot at the end of the building . kagg watch , then go on patrol and talking into the recorder . Roy come out to the sidewalk and head for the entrance . kagg stop and watch he approach . roy ( cheerful , confident ) whadaya say ? kagg ( uptight , minimal ) hello . Roy continue on and enter the building . int . sarber &amp ; webb - day a low rail separate the visitor from a area of desk with clerk type or add up figure or talking on the phone . Beyond they be floor - to-ceil bin and shelf with narrow aisle between , in which more clerk move busily , fill order or do inventory . a great sense of activity and hubbub . Roy enter , look around in surprise . a clerk at a front desk see he , stand happily . clerk Roy ! welcome back . roy ( approach he ) what 's go on ? this be usually coffee break time . clerk not since kagg show up . other clerk , aware of Roy , come over with ad lib greeting . roy ( happily bask ) hey , yeah , I be fine , everything 's great . what 's this kagg ? sound like a disease . 2 nd clerk it be . clerk troubleshooter from the main office . come out here right after you go into the hospital , and he be not have a kind word for anybody yet . 3rd clerk nobody know anything but he . clerk he chop off half a dozen salesmen ; will not wholesale to they any more . 2 nd clerk what kind of sense do that make ? they be all on commission . roy ( unworry ) you think he will chop I ? clerk if he do , he 's crazy . 2 nd clerk here he come ! the clerk all hurry back to they desk as kagg enter . he cross to Roy , hand stick out . kagg kagg . Home office . roy ( take he hand ) Roy dillon . kagg ( keep Roy 's hand ) I know that . knew it when I see you out there . the best salesman here , which be not say much . want to talk to you , dillon . kagg move toward the gate in the rail , still hold Roy 's hand , to move he along . Roy stand still , which yank kagg back . kagg frown at he , release he hand . kagg ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? roy that be a pretty backhand compliment . if I let people get away with thing like that , I would not be a good salesman . kagg ( brisk ) you be right . I apologize . but I still want to talk to you . roy lead on . kagg lead the way through the rail . int . kagg ' office - day small , crowded , efficient , with interior window show the aisle of bin . kagg lead Roy in , shut the door , gesture at the second chair as he go behind the desk . kagg take a seat . they both sit , Roy amused and observant . kagg when I say you be the best salesman here do not say much , I mean for we . I know you record with sarber and webb , and I would say you be a top -flight man , but you have have no incentive . no one walk on you heel . just a lot of half ass , so the tendency 's be not to stretch yourself . I be bounce the slob , incidentally . roy ( dry ) so I hear . kagg make no difference to I if they be only on commission . if they do not make good money , they be not give we good representation , and we can not afford to have they around . ever supervise salesmen ? roy just myself . kagg that 's right , you have have to supervise yourself . this place need a sale manager . somebody who 's prove he 's a salesman and can handle other salesmen . he would have a lot of deadwood to clear out , new man to hire . what do you think ? Roy do not yet know he 's be offer the job . roy sound like a good idea . kagg I do not know offhand what you best year 's be , we can look it up . the idea be , we will top it by fifteen percent . now Roy get it . he 's startle , almost scared , think automatically of escape . roy what ? I ? kagg that 's just the first year . if you be not worth a lot more than that the second year , I will kick you out . what do you say ? roy well , uh ... no . kagg ( astonished ) no ? roy I can not take that job ! I mean , I mean , I can not take it right away . I be still recuperate , I just drop in to say hello , see everybody -- kagg I do not realize . yeah , you do look a little pale . how soon will you be ready ? a week ? roy but you need a man right now . it would not be fair to you to -- kagg I take care of the be - fair- to - I department . thing have go to hell this long , they can go a little longer . roy ( trap ) well ... kagg get to he foot , terminate the meeting . kagg see you in a week , Roy . I can call you Roy ? roy ( rise ) oh , sure . Fine . kagg stick he hand out for another shake . Roy oblige . kagg and I be perk . short for percy , I be afraid . roy ( distract ) perk . int . live room - day Roy 's place . Roy enter from the bedroom , carry a suitcase , which he drop on the sofa . he go to one of the box - frame clown picture , take it off the wall , put it face down on the coffee table , remove two wing nut hold the back , lift off the back , and reveal stack of money hide inside . he take two wad of money out , count they , put they on the coffee table , then fit the back in place , reattach the wing nut , and hang the picture on the wall . stuff the wad of money into the suitcase , he leave . ext . union station - day a cab pull up to discharge passenger . Roy and the driver get out . Roy pay the driver , who open the trunk to take out several piece of luggage . myra lean hesitantly out , as though afraid it 's raining out there . roy this really be it . Union Station . myra come out of the cab . she 's feel testy . roy' in a good mood and ignore she bad temper . myra I do not see why we have to take the train . roy because it 's comfortable . myra and Roy burden themselves with the luggage . myra what if we want to drive somewhere while we be there ? roy we will rent a car . they start for the station . myra Big spender . roy you be not see nothin . int . train day a angle from outside the passenger car through the window at myra , mulish , watch the scenery go by . Beyond she Roy 's easy , content . he move to get up . two shot , within the train . myra look questioningly at Roy as he stand . roy stretch my leg . come along ? she 's not ready to relent and enjoy herself . myra no . roy ( unruffled ) see you soon . he walk down the aisle behind myra , who sigh and look out the window again . int . bar car - day four young soldier sit at a table in a rudimentary bar car . they be drink bloody mary out of plastic glass and have a good time together . in b.g. , several customer be cluster at the small service bar , wait for drink . a angle on Roy , at the service bar , look back past other people at the soldier . he get he mix drink , in a plastic glass , and turn away . a angle on the soldier as Roy start by . the train lurch , and Roy fall heavily against they table , slopping they drink and spilling some of he own on the table . roy oh ! ow , I be sorry ! oh , look , I spill you drink ! soldier that 's okay , do not worry about it . soldier 2 you okay , pal ? roy let I buy you a new round . soldier hey , no , no problem . soldier 3 you do not like spill much at all . Roy firmly place he own glass on they table . roy what be that , bloody mary ? watch this , I will be back . he leave , while the soldier be still protesting . int . train - day myra apply makeup , watch herself in she compact mirror . she become aware of eye , and look around . two shot , myra and a businessman , sit across the way , grin at she . myra register he . cu , myra , consider the possibility . then she shrug , shake she head at the businessman almost reluctantly , and go back to apply makeup . int . bar car - day Roy now sit with the soldier , eagerly listen to they talk . there be plastic glass enough on the table for three round of drink . soldier 3 ( to soldier 2 ) yeah , but it be you like tell the sergeant you grandmother be dead . soldier ( laugh ) again ! soldier 2 ( to soldier 3 ) and you jump right in . ( broad imitation ) I will drive he , sarge , he 's too distraught . soldier 4 ( astonished ) distraught ? you say distraught ? they all laugh , Roy laugh with they . roy Boy ! you guy could have get in a lot of trouble . soldier 3 Nah . Old sarge , he 's slow down . roy I do not know . I would not take a chance like that . ( look at floor ) what 's that ? they watch as he bend , pick up one die from the floor , hold it where they can all see it , he manner open , guileless . roy ( cont 'd ) one of you fellow drop this ? int . train - day myra walk down the aisle , demurely look at no one . int . bar car - day Roy 's get to he foot , the soldier protest . soldier 2 you can not buy every round ! soldier 3 like we turn ! roy tell you what . we will roll for it . low number busy . he hand the die to soldier 2 . roy go ahead . you roll for the four of you . the soldier be confuse but agreeable , see this as some kind of fun . soldier 2 here go . he toss the die on the table . soldier 3 that 's a four ! Roy pick up the die . a angle close on Roy , he eye glitter , he fist with the die shaking beside he head . wide shot . Roy throw . they all look at the die . Roy spread he hand ; the good sport . roy told you I would buy . soldier it just do not seem fair , Tom . roy tell you what . give I a chance to get even when I come back . int . train - day myra reach the end of one car , start through . int . bar car - day a angle on myra about to enter . she stop , look through the glass in the door . myra 's Pov : Roy and the soldier roll the die for money . ecu , myra , absorb , watch . myra 's Pov : mos through the glass . ecu , Roy 's hand with the die . ecu , Roy 's profile , he smile , he innocent distress when he win . ecu , Roy 's hand scoops money . ecu , myra , smile , pleased . int . diner - night a brightly light hopperish place . lilly sit alone in a booth eat a bowl of chili and read a newspaper fold beside the bowl . a drunk with a great deal of faith in he own charm sit with a male friend at the counter , drink coffee . the drunk keep look toward lilly , grin , commenting playfully to he friend , who 's bored by it all . lilly do not seem to be aware of he . the drunk rise from he stool , turn toward lilly , staggering slightly . his friend make a small move to stop he , then shrug and let he go . the drunk make he way to lilly 's table , lean on it . drunk pretty woman like you should not eat alone . whadaya wanna eat alone for ? lilly give he a flat look . lilly go away . she look past he toward the waitress behind the counter . lilly ( cont 'd ) ( call ) could I have some coffee , please ? waitress right away . drunk we could have coffee together . my name 's Kenny . lilly look over at the drunk 's friend , who pointedly ignore the situation . lilly you pal want you . the drunk could turn mean ; he gesture brush away the idea of he friend be stronger than necessary . drunk let he find he own pretty woman . the waitress arrive , with the coffee pot and a mug . she put the mug on the table , pour coffee . waitress this fellow bother you , ma'am ? lilly yes . waitress ( to the drunk ) why do not you go sit down ? drunk I will sit here . move over . the drunk want to sit beside lilly , who look to the waitress to solve the problem , but the waitress stand there with the coffee pot , look helpless . the drunk bend to slide onto the seat . lilly , exasperate , rabbit punch he in the throat . the drunk , astound and in pain ( and not breathe ) , stagger back , flail , hit the waitress 's arm so that she slop coffee on he as he foot tangle and he fall heavily onto the floor . lilly , suddenly concerned , slide out of the booth . lilly oh ! be you all right ? she go to one knee beside the drunk , who clutches he own throat with both hand , retching as he try to inhale . lilly look up at the astonished waitress . lilly ( cont 'd ) I should not have hit he that hard . I guess I do not know my own strength . the drunk 's friend arrive and help lilly get the drunk to he foot . the drunk be breathe now , but shake . he look at lilly with reproachful eye . his friend transfer he annoyance at the drunk to lilly . friend you do not have to do that . lilly ( matter of fact ) I think I do . you should take better care of you friend . drunk ( mumble ) outta here . the drunk and he friend head for the exit , as lilly turn to the waitress . lilly I be sorry a lady can not eat in here without be bother . the waitress be apologetic , and also in awe of lilly . waitress it will not happen again , ma'am , I promise . dinner 's on the house . more chili ? dessert ? we have lovely pecan pie , my husband make it himself . lilly that sound nice . pecan pie . thank you . lilly sit down as the waitress go back behind the counter . a angle on the waitress , as she put down the coffee pot , bring out the pecan pie , prepare to slice it , pause , look with wonder toward lilly . ext . restaurant - night the set be a wide porch or lanai pretend to be a 19th century locale ; a mix of western and antebellum south ; the usual tourist confusion of history . the effect be both romantic and false . Roy and myra linger over wine , near the end of they meal . Roy 's relaxed , happy , expansive . myra 's pleased but watchful , the bird watch the worm . roy you be right , I have to get out of that hospital . nothing wrong with I any more . myra ( purring ) I will sign that affidavit . roy great to get away , take it easy . next week , I will get back to work . myra you already go back to work . roy ( confuse ) what ? myra ( indulgent smile ) I watch you . work the tap on that soldier boy . roy ( elaborate innocence ) work the what ? myra oh , come on , Roy . she mime roll the die , slowly , show how it will roll out of she hand just so , then speak to he as though to a bright child . myra the tap . what you do for a live . roy I be a salesman . myra you be on the grift . same as I . roy ( demonstrate patience ) myra , I be not follow this . myra ( demonstrate exasperation ) Roy , you be a short - con operator . and a good one , I think . do not talk to I like I be another square . Roy lean back , study she , think it over , make up he mind . roy you talk the lingo . what 's you pitch ? myra the long end . Big con . roy ( shaking he head ) nobody do that single -o . myra I be team ten year with the best in the business . Cole langley . roy I have hear the name . myra it be beautiful . and get better all the time . roy ( skeptical ) be that right ? myra ( enthusiasm building ) it be , Roy ! and now , right now , it 's the perfect time , the best time since I have be in the game . ext . deserted downtown - day New skyscraper be separate by blank field or small older building . almost no traffic . a white limo drive alone down the street . myra ( v.o. ) all over the southwest , you have get this businessman , they be make money when everybody be make money , they think that mean they be smart . int . limo - day myra , dress expensively and fashionably , sit with gloucester hebbing , a stocky businessman , sixtyish . they manner suggest intimacy . myra ( v.o. ) and now they be hurt . everything they have be because of oil . ext . new build - day glossy , but no people around . the limo stop , the mustach chauffeur hop out and hold the door as myra and hebbing emerge and cross to enter the building , myra carry a attache case . myra ( v.o. ) they still get money , but they need more money , and that 's just the kind of guy Cole and I like . int . limo - day the chauffeur get back behind the wheel , adjust the interior mirror so he can see himself , peel off he moustache , scratch he upper lip , refit the moustache more to he like . int . atrium - day this building have a central atrium with corridor circle it , waist -high wall on the atrium side , glass - wall elevator rise up through the atrium . myra and hebbing be visible in a elevator come up to a high floor . it stop and they exit , move down the corridor . myra ( v.o. ) when the oil money be good , they put up all this office building , and now they be half empty . int . office - day ecu , translucent glass in door with company name : coe , stark , fellowes &amp ; associate , stock brokerage - London - New York - Dallas - Los Angeles - Tokyo . camera pan to follow myra and hebbing as they enter the office . a angle show the well - furnish outer office , the attractive and competent receptionist welcoming myra as someone she know , gesture she through , myra graciously accept , move on . hebbing 's impressed by everything , try not to show it . myra ( v.o. ) they will give you anything to move in ; first two month free , redecoration , whatever you want . a angle in a clerical office , four clerk at well - equip desk with computer terminal , hard at work . Maps and clock on the wall indicate the world . myra and hebbing pass through . myra ( v.o. ) they help you set up the store ! a angle in the private secretary be office , she on the phone , nodd and smile at myra and wave she through . myra lead the way , open a door mark henry fellowes , partner . myra ( v.o. ) I be the roper , I go out and find they and bring they in . Cole run the store , and he be the best . int . cole's office - day myra and hebbing enter a office decorate with sleekly understate opulence ; the view through large window be of apparently - prosperous skyscraper . Cole , a plausible rich businessman , happily greet myra . cole Mary Beth ! as beautiful as ever . he lift a dubious eyebrow toward hebbing . cole ( gentle disapproval ) I see you bring a friend . as Mary Beth , myra have a faint southern - belle accent and a cling flirtatiousness . myra mister hebbing be my bodyguard , my strong right arm . gloucester hebbing , may I present my fine stockbroker , Henry fellow . the man shake hand , hebbing open and pleased and dignify , Cole clearly hold something back . cole ( to myra ; gentle warning ) Mary Beth , what we have here , uh ... myra ( gaily innocent ) oh , I tell mister hebbing all about it , how brilliant you be at make money for you special client ! cole ( alarmed ) Mary Beth , I hope you be not spread this good news too widely . myra well , of course not ! I know how dangerous this be . but I would trust mister hebbing with anything . ( to hebbing ; suggestive ) would not I , darling ? while hebbing look manly and flustered and pleased , Cole bring from under he desk a partially full gray canvas sack mark Federal Reserve Bank . cole well , I will have to take you word for it , Mary Beth . here 's you money . myra ( innocent avarice ) goody ! myra open she attache case on the desk . Cole take band stack of bill from the sack , pack they neatly in the case . hebbing try not to look envious and impressed . hebbing be Pov : the top bill in each stack be a hundred . previous shot . myra take a stack , riffle it for hebbing 's benefit . myra be not that just beautiful ? hebbing yes , it be . myra return the stack to the case , talk to Cole . myra Henry , next time , could not mister hebbing -- cole ( shocked ) Mary Beth ! this have never be anything but -- myra oh , I know , I know , and you have be wonderful since I be widow . but mister hebbing have -- ( to hebbing ) -- you do not mind my tell he , darling -- ( to Cole ) -- suffer reverse . if he could ... she gesture vaguely , unable to describe the situation accurately . hebbing fill in , bluff and hearty . hebbing top up the tank , as it be . until this little glitch in the oil economy come to a end . ( man to man laugh ) not that I understand exactly what you do , not from Mary Beth 's explanation . Cole brood , study hebbing , decide at last to trust he . cole well . if Mary Beth vouch for you , and if she tell you the story already ... myra ( girlish laugh ) so here we be ! cole ( solemn ) mister hebbing , we be talk about break the law here , I want to be sure you understand that . no one get hurt , but the law do get break . hebbing ( a real sport ; laugh ) well , that 's what the law 's for , be not it ? cole ( still serious ) and I do not just mean the SEC . we could have the FBI breathe down we neck . hebbing ( suddenly serious ) I certainly hope not . cole loose talk be the one thing I worry about . hebbing I can keep my mouth shut , mister fellow . describe the scheme , Cole become increasingly enthusiastic . cole okay , then . sit down , sit down . hebbing sit on the sofa , myra beside he , hold he arm in both of hers . Cole pace , describe . cole the Tokyo Exchange be nine hour ahead of we , New York one hour behind . there be not one hour of the day when both be open . information move , but it have to wait . now , we have a young fellow work here -- do you know what a hacker be , mister hebbing ? hebbing one of that computer geniuse , be not it ? cole you be right ! and this boy tapped into that main link between Tokyo and the New York stock Exchange . he can give we , when it 's really useful , a seven second delay in that movement of information . do you know what that mean ? hebbing do not want to admit ignorance . hebbing well , you have get you information ahead of New York , I see that . cole every once in a while , a major change come through . we have seven second to take advantage , put we buy order , we sell order , into the computer in New York before the Tokyo data come in . hebbing not much time . cole we have to be ready . we have to have the money , and we have to know what the information mean , and we have to move immediately . hebbing ( impressed ) Seven second . I do not see how you do it . cole this machine -- they be in here . Cole cross to a inner door , push it partway open , look back grin with he hand on the knob . cole want a look ? myra oh , Henry , no , that 's just boring . int . bare room - day a bare dusty room . a ladder lean against a wall , a paint can on the floor beside it . only Cole be visible in the open doorway . he speak back into the main office . cole come take a look . a entire-suite of main - frame computer . myra ( o.s. ) we be not really interested , Henry . int . cole's office - day Cole remain in the doorway , luring hebbing with a smile . cole it 's quite a sight . you sure ? Cole 's push this too far . hebbing 's think politeness require he to look . myra 's nervous , she smile with a edge to it . myra Henry , do not try mister hebbing 's patience . he know what machine look like . int . bare room - day Cole smile at the empty room again , look back . cole well , if you be sure . he shut the door . roy ( v.o. ) Cole like to take risk , huh ? ext . restaurant - night Roy and myra at the table . myra he do not think they be risk . he be so good , Roy , he could just play with the mark . roy and when he get serious ? myra he would explain he have to have cash , so there would not be any paper trail for the SEC . and a lot of cash , or it be not worth while . the least we ever take be forty thousand , and the most be one hundred eighty - five thousand dollar ! from one sucker ! roy I think this people be break . myra no , no , Roy , just cash poor . they have savings account , stock to sell , house to mortgage . sell they wife 's jewelry . oh , they have a lot of money , when they put they mind to it . or when I put they mind to it . I stay with they , that 's the roper 's job , make they get up every penny they could raise , turn it all over to Cole . roy and a month later , the sucker call the cop and you be on the run . myra no no ! he never call the cop , not after we give he the blow -off . roy yeah ? how ? int . HOTEL room - day myra put a blood - fill four-inch - square plastic package into she bra on the leave side , then put on a white blouse . myra ( v.o. ) Three or four day after Cole get the money , he would phone the sucker , tell he he would make the move . ext . new build - day myra and hebbing hurry across the sidewalk from the limo , each carry a attache case . myra ( v.o. ) we buy be in the computer , we be rich , he should come collect . int . cole's office - day myra and hebbing enter , Cole meet they , all happy . cole here you be ! two rich people ! hebbing I must admit , mister fellow , I have moment I be worried . cole you bring a case ? good . Cole bring out the canvas sack from under the desk , reach in , bring out a stack of bill . the door open and two man in suit and topcoat and hat enter , one of they flash a badge . ( this be , alter , two of the clerk from before . ) man hold it right there ! cole ( cool outrage ) what ? this be a private office ! man FBI ! stock fraud , tamper with Exchange communication -- Cole suddenly lose all control , become a gibber wreck . cole oh , my God ! no ! the scandal ! the second man approach hebbing , pencil and notebook at the ready , manner cold and tough . second man you name ? hebbing my --? I do not I only -- cole ( scream at myra ) you ! you and you goddamn big mouth ! kyra ( terrify ) Henry , no , I -- cole who do you tell ? who ? myra just one or two of the girl , just , they would not -- Cole pull a pistol from he desk drawer . cole do not move ! man mister fellow , that be not go to do you any good . put that down , and -- Cole ignore he , stare in frantic hatred at myra . cole you ruin I ! you destroy I ! myra Henry , no ! Cole shoot she , the SOUND very loud , the man flinching away . myra slap she hand to she breast ; blood spurt between she finger . in terror , she turn toward hebbing , who stare at the blood seeping down she white blouse . she try to speak , can not . she reach out , she bloody hand slide down hebbing 's front without get any purchase , leave a swath of blood diagonally across he jacket , shirt and tie . she topple forward . hebbing try to hold she , but she slip to the floor . Cole run around the desk toward the door , wave the gun . cole get back ! get back ! the man warily move away from the door . cole I will kill the first one that follow I ! Cole run from the room . the two man pull gun from hip holster under they coat-tail . hebbing , kneel beside myra , watch they approach the door , crouch , run through . hebbing rise , look around , run to the inner door , find it lock . he cross to the main door , look out , cautiously creep from the room . myra sit up . int . office - day hebbing hurry through the empty secretary 's office and out the other door . the two man enter from a different door and cross to re-enter Cole 's office . int . atrium - day Cole stand behind a pillar , watch . across the way , hebbing come out of the office , stare around , try to wipe the blood from he clothes . in obvious panic , he run to the elevator , press the button . a angle through the glass wall into the elevator as it stop . the door open , hebbing hurry in , frantically jab the button . the elevator descend . camera pan to Cole come around the corridor , enter the office . int . cole's office - day General hilarity . the secretary , two man , other two clerk , chauffeur and receptionist be all present , open champagne , hebbing 's money now out of the sack and spread on the desk . myra , stripped to the waist ( unconcern about the other present ) clean blood from she breast with damp towel . he and myra look at one another across the room , broadly smile . ext . restaurant - night myra 's very up , from relive this story . myra oh , Roy , it be great ! we be roll in dough , live wherever we want , only pull two or three scam a year . roy what happen to Cole ? myra ( suddenly evasive ) he retire . roy where ? myra upstate . roy upstate where ? myra atascadero . roy that 's where they keep the criminally insane , be not it ? myra turn she face away . int . HOTEL room - day expensive room . Cole , naked , expression haunt and craze , sit cross -legge on the bed . myra enter , happy , carry dress shop box . she stop , shocked , when she see Cole . myra no , baby . not again . he stare at the floor over the edge of the bed , like a shipwreck victim in a raft look at the sea . cole it 's hollow . you will fall through . myra drop the package on a chair . myra Cole , it will be all right . honey ? cole ( frighten but determine ) can not move . myra it 's just the strain again , the stress . we will take a vacation . cole it 's all hollow . nothing behind it . she approach he , scared but need he . myra Cole , you scare I when this happen . one of this time ... she touch he . he suddenly lash out , knock she backward , glaring at she . cole demon ! demon ! that 's why you can walk on it ! demon ! myra ( heartbroken ) oh , Cole , please . please come out of it . what would I do without you ? distract , go , unaware of she existence , he gaze around , hug himself , sit stare at demon . she watch he , mournful , know he 's go . ext . restaurant - night myra look back at Roy . her expression make it clear she be not go to tell he any more than she already have . myra he retire , and that 's it . but I do not . I be still the best long - con roper you will ever see . Roy laugh , genuinely pleased by she and also tacitly let he question drop . roy I just bet you be , too . and now you be try to rope I . myra ( push enthusiasm ) join up with you ! I watch you , Roy , I have be watch you , wonder if I should talk about this at all , or maybe just ... ( shrug ) roy take a hike , you mean ? myra I need a partner , Roy . I need a inside man , and you be it . you could be as wonderful as Cole . roy ( dubious ) I do not know , myra , I never have partner . I never need they . myra not to take soldier for a hundred buck . but how about take a bank president for a hundred grand ? Roy do not like this ; he 's feel pressured . myra see it , but believe she 's get he anyway , so she can let up . she pat he hand . myra think about it . okay ? roy ( easy to promise ) sure . int . HOTEL corridor - night a little drunk and happy , Roy and myra come down the corridor together , then make it obvious they be go into separate room , across the corridor from one another . myra ( coy , sexy ) see you later . Roy complain , but half - heartedly , half humorously ; this argument have already take place . roy I still do not see why we have to have separate room . you expect you father to come through ? myra Separate bathroom , darling . I will not lay out all my cosmetics for you to knock over . roy ( nevertheless grumpy ) thing a man be not suppose to know . myra ( soothing ) you do not mind , really , do you , Roy ? it 's be such a wonderful evening , I guess I just wear myself out . roy sure . I be pretty tired myself . they unlock the oppose door , look back at one another . myra 's smile and good - night wave be consciously cute . Roy 's response be a little force . they go into they room . int . HOTEL room - night once he 's alone , Roy stop try to look like a good sport . disgust , he toss the room key onto the dresser , then cross to slide glass door close in front of a balcony . he 's about to close the drape when he look out , change he mind , unlock and open the door . he step outside . ext . balcony - night a high floor , with a wide view of ocean and starry sky . Roy lean on the rail , look out , think . he mutter to himself . roy Long con . I be the one 's be con . who need this ? he continue to stand there , take some solace from the night . beat . phone ring . confused , irritate , he turn to look into the room . phone ring . at last , he go back into the room . int . HOTEL room - night Roy cross to pick up the phone , grumpy and suspicious . roy yeah ? myra ( v.o. ) ( filter ) open you door . roy what ? ( grin ; get it ) what for ? myra ( v.o. ) ( filter ) open it and find out . Roy hang up and cross to the door . a angle directly at the door as Roy open it , show myra 's door open across the way , myra stand in she doorway naked . she wave at he to move over . myra ( cont 'd ) gangway ! Roy step back , hold he door open . int . HOTEL corridor - night a angle down the hall as myra skip across from she room to roy' , she door slamm behind she . int . HOTEL room - night myra run in , giggle . Roy shut the door , laugh at she . myra ( coquettish ) I hope you do not mind , sir . I just wash my clothes , and I could not do a thing with they . Roy 's pleased , but at a loss . roy you -- I do not know . myra ( sudden burst of laughter ) ) if you could have see you face when I tell you good night ! you look so , so ... ah ! roy oh , come here . they embrace . int . motel room - day a clean anonymous holiday Inn . lilly , dress for the track , sit at the round table under the swag light , sorting through she business purse . there 's a fold newspaper on the table . knock on the door . she 's startle . for just a second , she 's like a trap animal . then she 's calm again . she turn the purse around , open another zipper section , remove a pistol and a silencer , quickly screw the silencer onto the pistol , lay the pistol on the table and cover it with the newspaper . then she cross to open the door . a angle to include Roy in the doorway , grin , easy . lilly 's surprised , pleased , but wary . lilly Roy ! what be you do in San Diego ? roy ( enter ) myra and I come down to lajolla for the weekend . lilly make a face , but no comment , at myra 's name , as she close the door . lilly if you come out to the track , do not know I . roy we will not hit the track . the beach . couple a nice restaurant . he take from he pocket the wad of money hold remove from the clown picture , extend they toward she . lilly what 's that ? roy four grand . for the hospital . be that enough ? lilly ( distress ) Roy , I do not want money from you . roy I pay my debt . lilly ( level skeptical look ) you do ? since she will not take the money , he turn to put it on the table beside she purse , push the newspaper out of the way , revealing the gun . he give it a surprised smile . roy expecting visitor ? lilly no . that be the point . she cross to unscrew the silencer and put both piece back in she purse . Roy , watch , point at the still angry burn on she hand . roy you ought to put a bandage on that . lilly no can do . have to dip in and out of my bag too much . besides , it will heal in the air . disdainful and hurt , she push at the wad of money . lilly ( cont 'd ) Roy , take that back . his own hostility show through . roy no . she 's not use to be vulnerable , can neither hide it nor really express it ; can not use it as a tactic . lilly I think ... I be hope we could play it straight with one another . roy I guess not . you will be head east from here , huh ? lilly ( dull ) after the meet . back to Baltimore . roy well ... nice to see you again , lilly . lilly you , too , Roy . Roy find this parting unsatisfactory , but have nothing to add . with a shrug , he leave . lilly look after he , she expression become resentful , dully angry . lilly prick . ext . holiday inn - day myra sit in the back seat of a taxi park across the street from the motel . the door to lilly 's room be visible in b.g. Roy walk toward the street from lilly 's room . driver here he come . myra I see he . reaching the sidewalk , Roy turn to a empty cab park on that side of the street , in front of the motel . myra 's driver shift into gear . myra ( cont 'd ) wait . hold it . driver that 's the guy we be follow . myra just wait . Roy enter the other cab , which drive away , as lilly come out of she room in b.g . myra ( cont 'd ) ah. lilly get into she Chrysler , back away from the slot , drive to the street . myra ( cont 'd ) now we follow she . driver you be the boss . a angle on the two vehicle , as they leave the motel . ext . delmar - day where the surf meet the turf . over the punter ' head , out beyond the track , spread the Pacific Ocean , unnotice , ignore . in every shot in this sequence , the ocean be visible but not look at . a angle on lilly , with she heavy shoulderbag , move along empty table , here and there pick up use ticket . a angle on myra , on a different level , watch lilly . a angle on lilly at the betting window . a angle on myra , on a high vantage point in the stand . a man near she watch the field through binocular . myra asks if she can borrow they for a minute . Men be always happy to do myra favor ; the man give she the binocular . she look at the field briefly , then turn and look through the binocular the other way , outside the track . the man , surprised , look the same way . man' Pov : the parking area . previous shot . the man look in curiosity at myra , who concentrate , adjust the focus . myra' Pov : foreshorten through the binocular , lilly open the Chrysler 's trunk , stashes money . previous shot . myra smile , turn it into a sweet thank - you smile as she return the binocular to they owner . ext . HOTEL pool - day Roy dive into the pool , swim underwater to the ladder , climb out near a young blonde on a chaise longue , who 's be admire he . blonde you stay down real good . roy one of my talent . blonde ( point upward ) you mother 's call . Roy look up . a angle to show myra wave from she balcony , four flight up . previous shot . Roy 's at first surprised , then amused by the blonde . roy naughty . he gather up he towel and head for the building . int . bathroom - day Roy stand in heavy spray in the shower , half asleep , gently touch he stomach where the bruise use to be . knock on door . he ignore it . myra ( o.s. ) Roy ! you drow in there ? he rouse himself . roy be right out ! int . HOTEL room - day myra move away from the bathroom door . she 's in a bad mood . she pace back and forth , out onto the balcony , then back into the room as Roy come out of the bathroom wear a towel . roy you be go for a while . myra ( casual ) I go out to delmar . roy ( suddenly wary ) ) the track ? do you run into lilly ? myra I see she . roy she do not see you , in other word . myra I be not try to make trouble , Roy . it 's just , she 's always so nasty to I , I think , who be she to be so high and mighty . I see she out there , and I call a friend of mine in Baltimore , so now I know who she be . roy ( dry ) you must have some very knowledgeable friend . myra I be well connect , Roy , Cole introduce I to a lot of people . very valuable . valuable for we . roy running you broker scam , you mean . myra ( enthusiastic ) you and I , Roy . what a team we will make . we think alike ; we get along together . once or twice a year we take some slob , the rest of the time we live like this . you will not regret this , Roy . roy regret what ? I do not say I be come aboard . myra but why not ? I think it be settle . what 's hold you back ? roy come on , myra , do not talk business here . this be time out . she consider he . myra you mean , it would be too tough to give I a turndown here . easier on home grounds . roy ( shrug ) yes or no . they be both easier at home . okay ? myra make a visible effort to be accommodate . myra whatever you say , darling . int . kagg ' office - day kagg sit at he computer terminal , bring up data , not pleased by what he see . buzzer sound . he swivel to the desk , press the intercom button . kagg yeah ? receptionist ( v.o. ) Roy dillon , Mr. kagg . kagg good ! send he in . with a now - we're - get - somewhere manner , kagg turn back to the vdt , punch up a different set of data , sit look at it in gloomy satisfaction . Roy enter , and kagg rise , extend he hand across the desk . they shake hand . kagg good to have you back , Roy . I be just look at -- roy Mr. kagg , I be sorry . kagg ( keen ) you be turn I down ? make no sense , Roy . roy I guess I be just not a leader of man . kagg oh , come on , Roy . roy the truth be , Mr. kagg -- kagg perk , remember ? roy okay , fine . perk , the truth be , I like thing the way they be now . pick my own hour , have time for , uh , other activity ... kagg a well - round life . I respect that . but it have to have a center , Roy , something you care about , something you can think about . roy maybe I be just not ready for that yet . kagg ( deep sigh ) well , Roy , if that 's the way you feel , I will not badger you . ( force laugh ) do not want to lose you as a salesman , too . roy oh , I would like to stay on . just keep everything the way it be . kagg that 's what we will do , then . but I tell you what , Roy . before I hire anybody else , I will ask you one last time . Fair enough ? roy Fair enough . they shake hand . int . live room - day Roy 's room . he have one of the clown picture face down on the coffee table . he take money from he jacket pocket , cram it into the space , which be now just about full . as he 's tightening the wing nut close the back , doorbell ring . he hurry , finish the job , hang the picture on the wall , then crossing to open the door . myra enter , ebullient . myra darling , guess what ? I have to tell you right away . she give he a enthusiastic kiss , then march into the live room . roy ( grin ) and hello to you , too . myra I call a fellow I know in Tulsa , the one who play my chauffeur . there 's a sucker there he say be make for we . and a boroker that just shut down , we can use they office , not change a thing ! now , I can scrape up ten grand without much trouble . that leave fifteen or twenty for you end . we could start this weekend , get the sucker into position -- roy wait a minute ! when do this happen , that we be partner ? myra ( bewilder ) what ? roy the last I look , we be just talk thing over . myra but the setup 's there . it 's there now . roy I do not think I need it . myra you be too good for the small - time , Roy . move up to where there 's big dough to be make , and you do not have to stick you neck out every day . roy maybe I like it where I be . myra 's need break through she good sense . myra well , maybe I do not ! I have ten good year with Cole , and I want they back ! I gotta have a partner ! I look and I look and believe I , brother , I kiss a lot of fuck frog , and you be my prince ! Roy try to treat this lightly . roy do not I get any say in this ? myra no ! because I -- roy ( point at she ) that 's what I say . myra ( throw off course ) what ? roy what I say be , no . we do not do partner . myra ( cont 'd ) ( raging ) for Christ 's sake , why not ? roy mostly , because you scare the shit out of I . I have see people like you before , baby . double-tough and sharp as they come , and you get what you want or else . but you do not make it work forever . myra bullshit ! roy no ; history . sooner or later , the lightning hit . I do not want to be around when it hit you . she stare at he , try to find a chink in the armor , try to find a reason , try to find something . myra what be it ? what 's go on ? roy I be happy the way I be . myra by God , it 's you mother . it 's lilly . roy ( do not get it ) ) what ? myra sure it be . that 's why you act so funny around each other . he frown at she , not believe he understand she right . roy what 's that ? myra do not act so goddamn innocent ! you and you own mother , gah ! you like to go back where you be , huh ? he take a step toward she , rise toward fury . roy you watch that mouth . myra I be wise to you , I should have see it before , you rotten son of a bitch . how be it , huh ? how do you like -- he slap she openhand but hard , and she stagger back . he pursue she . roy how do you like this ? he slap she as hard with the other hand . astonish , frighten , befuddle , she backpedal , bring she forearm up to protect she face . he grab she two wrist in one hand , hold they out of the way , slap she forehand and backhand , forehand and backhand . myra stop !! he suddenly get control of himself , release she , step back into the middle of the room . he 's angry , but also remorseful , sorry he lose control but still enraged at the enormity of she suggestion . roy that 's not like I . I do not do violence . she cower against the wall , peer in terror at he through she raise arm . he settles down , become heavily calm . roy that 's why we would not work together . you be disgusting . you mind 's so filthy , it 's hard even to look at you . he cross to the apartment door , pull it open . sunlight pour in . roy Goodbye , myra . she lower she arm slowly , as though she whole body aches . she 's still scared , but angry now , too . she would like to tell he off , but discretion tell she not to . she move across the room toward the open door , but stop , not want to be that close to he . understand , he back away from the doorway , gesture with cold irony for she to proceed . she move to the threshold , look back at he . myra and you do not even know it . angry again , Roy step forward . she hastily step outside , and he slam the door . ext . roy' apartment - day myra move slowly along the balcony , mutter to herself . myra mama . it 's mama . she 's the one . she stop , hold the balcony rail , look out at the city . myra you will get yours , mama . oh , yes . int . motel room - day lilly 's room ; empty . phone ring . lilly enter , tired , with she shoulderbag ; the end of she work day . phone ring . she frown at it , expect nothing good , then drop the shoulderbag on the bed , cross , answer . lilly yes ? a sudden smile do not entirely hide the wariness . lilly Roy ! a unexpected pleasure . int . live room - day Roy , troubled , pace while talk on the phone . roy lilly , I have get a couple thing to think about . well , kind of job offer , kind of . different way to go . I would kind of like to talk they out , you know ? maybe just hear myself talk . int . motel room - day lilly 's delighted , but can not trust this moment more than any other . lilly well , sure , Roy . you want I to drive up --? okay , fine , come on down . ( kid ) it will not be a home - cook meal , you know . tnt . live room day roy ( kid ) well , that 's good news . he hang up , but he 's nervous , still uncertain , pace . roy well ? who 's a boy gonna talk to , if not he mother ? the sound of the question make he laugh . ext . motel - day myra 's cadillac ease to a stop across the street , where she earlier wait in the cab . a angle through the windshield at myra , settling down to wait , look at the motel . int . motel room - night lilly come out of the bathroom , put she lipstick away in a small purse . she 's dress carefully for tonight ; upscale and respectable , without be stodgy . she cross to the window -- night view outside -- and as she pull the drape shut the phone ring . she look at it in disappointment , cross to answer . lilly ( expect rejection ) Roy ? int . office - night irv the accountant 's office in Baltimore . he look secretive and scared , talk in a hush . irv lilly , listen , it 's irv . you be always decent with I , I be take a hell of a chance here . somebody blow you out with bobo . the car full of money . he 's -- lilly ? int . motel room - night empty . the phone receiver dangle off the table on its cord . the door finish close . ext . motel - night lilly 's Chrysler jounce out to the street , move too fast , make the turn , racing away . camera pan to myra 's cadillac , pull away from the curb , follow . camera hold with the two car recede in b.g . int . honda - night Roy drive down a San Diego street , be stop by a red light , look at he watch . he 's late . roy damn . int . motel room - night empty ; as before . the door open and the two thug we see earlier with bobo enter , one put a thick ring of key away in he jacket pocket . they close the door , look around the room . one go to the closet , open it , look at the clothing inside , while the other go into the bathroom . the first cross to the dresser , pull open a drawer full of clothing . the second come out of the bathroom . they look at one another . the guy from the bathroom shake he head . the other one point at the dangle phone , speak . thug somebody spook she . second thug White Chrysler . thug full of cash . they leave the room . ext . motel - night Roy walk toward lilly 's room as the two thug pass he , on they way out . Roy knock on lilly 's door , wait , knock again . he try to look through a crack in the drape into the room , then turn to look at the empty place where lilly 's Chrysler have be . he shake he head , knock once more , look at he watch , turn away . roy ( disgust ) thanks a lot , lilly . he walk off . ext . arizona motel - night lilly 's white Chrysler pull off the road into the front parking area of a new small motel . the car brake to a stop . a angle from the road as myra 's blue cadillac drive slowly by , while , in b.g. , lilly get out of the Chrysler , move as though she 's stiff and tired . lilly enter the motel office . int . motel office - night the clerk , a elderly woman , turn away from a small tv set when lilly enter . clerk even . welcome to Phoenix . lilly good evening . I would like a single for tonight . clerk oh , everything 's the same size , same price . the clerk extend a registration card and pen to lilly , who take they but do not yet start to write . lilly I be a very light sleeper , traffic noise keep I wide awake all night . clerk ( sympathetic ) that truck . I know exactly what you mean . lilly do you have something around back , face away from the road ? the clerk turn to consider the key rack . clerk I will put you in one thirty - one . very quiet . face the desert . lilly sound perfect . I can park my car back there ? clerk right in front of the room . lilly Fine . she start to fill in the registration card . lilly and I will want to leave a early wake - up call . clerk no problem . my husband get up the crack of dawn . ( confidential ) it 's he kidney . ext . road - night Motel in b.g . the blue cadillac , have turn around and come back , pull off onto the shoulder of the road about fifty yard short of the motel . int . cadillac - night over myra 's shoulder as she watch , through the windshield , the Chrysler park in front of the motel . lilly come out of the office over there , get into the Chrysler , back it up , drive it out of sight past the motel . myra put the cadillac in gear . int . room 131 - night a clean anonymous motel room , with two bed . lilly enter , very weary , put she shoulderbag on one of the bed , go back outside and leave the door open . she have back the Chrysler into its spot just outside she room , so its trunk be visible through the open doorway . ext . arizona motel - night a angle on lilly as she open the rear door of the Chrysler and lean in . int . chrysler - might lilly wrestle the rear seat out of position , reach down into the space under and behind it , and bring out a soft cloth overnight bag . it seem not too full but fairly heavy . she put the bag on the ground outside the car and then push and prod the seat back into position . ext . arizona motel - night lilly shut the car door , pick up the bag , and enter she room , shutting the door behind she . int . motel office - night myra enter . the clerk look at she in surprise . clerk something wrong ? ( embarrassed ) I be sorry . I think you be the other lady . myra no. I be I . int . room 231 - night lilly put the bag on the bed with she shoulderbag . she open the overnight bag , take from it a blond wig , a pair of horn rim glass and a passport . from she shoulderbag she take the pistol and silencer . she attaches the silencer to the pistol and put the pistol under the pillow of the other bed . int . motel office - night myra 's check in . she fill in the registration card while the clerk consider she key rack . clerk I will give you one oh seven . that 's a very nice room , very handy , in the front , right by the pool . myra oh , do not you have something around back , where it 's quieter ? the clerk sigh , look at the key she would take from the rack , reluctantly go back to consider the situation again . clerk everybody want the back tonight . myra I guess everybody want privacy . int . room 131 - night lilly , in nightgown , yawn , come out of the bathroom , switch off its light . the shoulderbag and overnight bag and overnight bag 's content be still on one bed . lilly get into the other , switch off the light . int . room 119 - night virtually identical to room 131 . myra enter , lug a suitcase , and shut the door behind herself . she put the suitcase on one of the bed , open it , paw through it , and bring out slipper , nightgown and robe . briskly , she strip and put on the nightgown , the slipper and the robe . back into the suitcase , she bring out a small snubnose pistol which she put in the pocket of she robe . next out of the suitcase be a large ring of key . sitting on the other bed , she compare she room key with key on the ring , take three key from the ring , and put they in she robe pocket along with the room key . get to she foot , she cross to the dresser , pick up the ice bucket , and leave the room , close the door behind herself . ext . room 131 - night cu , the door , with its number . camera pan to pick up myra , approach . she stop at room 132 , look at the Chrysler , smile at it in proprietary fashion , and pat the Chrysler on the trunk . then she turn to the room . she take the key from she pocket , look around to be sure she 's alone , and bend over the lock . int . room 131 - night in very dim light , myra enter the room , close the door , move toward the bed . camera pan with she . keeping she eye on the sleep form of lilly , she put the empty ice bucket on the empty bed , then move closer to lilly . camera pan in , move forward as myra 's arm move forward , move to cu on lilly as myra 's hand ( remain in frame ) move forward and down . her hand abruptly clamp on lilly 's throat . quick CUT . ext . phoenix airport - day establishing shot . a plane land . int . phoenix airport - day Roy , look stunne , be among the deplane passenger spread out across the terminal . he 's meet by pierson , a plainclothes detective , and a uniform cop . pierson Roy dillon ? roy yes ? pierson Lieutenant pierson , Phoenix police . I have a car here . roy thank you . int . police car - day the uniform cop drive . pierson and Roy sit in back . pierson I realize this be a shock . roy well , mostly , I do not believe it . pierson that 's natural . roy no . I mean , I do not believe it . lilly be not a suicide . I know my mother , nothing would make she check out . pierson I be sorry , it be she all right . her gun , even . roy gun ? pierson I grant you , it 's a little odd , shoot yourself with a gun with a silencer on it , but it be hers , all right . it really be you mother , mister dillon . roy it may be lilly , but it be not suicide . pierson ( interested ) do you have any particular reason to say that ? roy my mother ... well , I guess it do not matter now . she work for gambler . she always know they might turn on she some day . pierson ( thoughtful ) a hit , you mean . honestly , it do not have that feel to it , but I will certainly consider the possibility . thank you for tell I . the car stop . roy not that it matter . ( look out ) this be the morgue ? pierson you up to it now ? roy sure . let 's get it over . pierson one thing I have to caution you about . a gunshot wound ... roy ( impatient ) yes , I know , I know . pierson ( reluctant ) well , uh , you know , she eat the gun . roy ( not understanding ) what ? pierson I be sorry , that 's a unfortunate phrase , it slip out , I be , to tell you the truth , Mr. dillon , this be not a everyday occurrence around here . roy ( low ; get it ) ate the gun . oh. pierson someone who know she well could still identify she , that 's not the problem . it 's just there 's , uh , it 's likely to be a shock . roy ( open the door ) well , let 's get the shock over with . int . morgue viewing room - day a bare bright room with tile wall , a few plastic chair , a ordinary office door on one side and wide hospital swinging door on the other . pierson and Roy stand watch . roy not many laugh in this room , eh ? pierson not many . the swinging door open and a attendant wheel in a gurney contain a body cover by a sheet . Roy brace himself . the attendant pull the sheet away from the face . pierson ( cont 'd ) ( to the attendant ) remove that . we will want a full , uh , identification . the attendant remove the sheet . the body wear a nightgown . a angle on Roy , swallow bile , as he force himself to move forward and look down at the face . he immediately look away again . roy oh , Jesus . pierson no question , huh ? roy no , its -- why do she --? he force himself to look at the body again , he own face full of the unanswerable question . he look she up and down , then he eye stop . he focus on something , a look of surprise come into he eye . Roy 's Pov : cu , the body 's hand , cross over the stomach , the wrist cross , the palm down , the clear back of both hand visible . cu , Roy . he know . sharpness come back into he expression . pierson ( o.s. ) that 's that , then . roy ( start to grin ) oh , yeah . that 's that . two shot , Roy and pierson . pierson want to leave , but Roy stand over the gurney . he chuckle . pierson look at he , surprised and appal . Roy ignore he . roy ( cont 'd ) ( laugh quietly ) Mom . quick CUT . ext . desert highway - day montage . myra 's baby blue cadillac drive , at extreme high speed , alone on the highway . ext . madero apartment - night myra 's cadillac drive slowly past , come to a stop at the curb half a block away . int . cadillac - night a angle through the windshield at the driver , a woman , deeply weary . her forearm be cross on top of the steering wheel , she brow rest on the forearm . the burn on the back of she right hand be visible in illumination from a nearby streetlight . traffic go by . beat . lilly lift she head , look out at the night . she 's very tired , but determine . a angle beside lilly , inside the car . from the seat beside she she pick up myra 's large dangly earring and fix they in place . then she put on myra 's big -lense dark sunglass . ( she 's wear the clothes myra wear when check into the motel . ) lilly check she appearance in the rearview mirror , then get out of the car . int . madero lobby - night a angle on simm at the desk , talk to a telephone repairman steadily at work fix the switchboard . simm the last modern thing I like be the miniskirt . you technology , now , nobody understand it , and that 's the simple fact of the situation . lilly enter in b.g. , cross to the elevator , press the button . simm wave to she . simm ( call ) ) even , mizz langley ! the elevator door open , lilly board and press the button . the elevator door close . simm New thing come in here all the time , how do they work ? you can ask you ph. ds , you highly educate , intelligent , professional people , you can say to they , how do that work , and you know what they will tell you ? you plug it in . and that 's the way the do nut dunk . ext . madero apartment balcony - night the balcony lead to Roy 's apartment . it 's illuminate by a light next to the public door from the interior hall . a angle on that door as lilly cautiously open it , look out and around while remain mostly behind the door , then focus on the light . she reach out and unscrew the bulb . go to black . int . live room - night Roy 's place . dark. sound of lock be pick . the door open , show only blackness outside , lilly enter and shut the door , then switch on the main light . ah angle on lilly , in the middle of the room , distractedly bite she thumbnail as she look around , calculate . she look directly at something . lilly 's Pov : one of the box - frame picture hang on the wall . previous shot . lilly , make up she mind , cross to the picture and take it off the wall . she find it surprisingly heavy . she carry it to the coffee table , put it down there on its back , sit on the sofa . a angle on lilly study the picture . she rap she knuckle against the side , look to see if the front or side open someway , and finally turn the picture over , lay it face down on the coffee table . she see how to remove the back , lift it off , and look at the stack of money lie in there . cu , lilly , almost fainting with relief . wide shot . lilly look at the other picture , look again at the money , come to a conclusion . she rise and leave the room , deeper into the apartment . int . bedroom - night lilly switch on the light as she enter the room . she look around , cross to the closet , go through the stuff in there , find a old attache case on the shelf . she bring it out , put it on the bed , open it . Inside be a few deck of card and a paperback book . she toss they onto the bed , check the case , find that one of the clasp work but the other do not . one be good enough . she carry the attache case out of the room , leave the light on . int . live room - night lilly enter , put the case on the coffee table beside the picture , scoops the money out of the picture and put it in the case . then she unceremoniously dump the picture on the floor . lilly take the second picture from the wall , put it face down on the coffee table , open the back , transfer the money to the case . she close the case , attaches the one clasp that work , pick up the case . roy ( o.s. ) hello , lilly . two shot , as lilly whirl around , terrify and then relieved . Roy stand in the open apartment doorway , blackness behind he . lilly oh ! Roy ! you scared I . Roy enter the room and shut the door . roy go somewhere ? lilly somewhere else , that 's for sure . roy I just come back from Phoenix . lilly ( anxious ) oh , yeah ? be the frame hold ? roy look very solid , lilly . sit down . take a minute , tell I about it . lilly I have really get to -- roy you be dead , lilly , it work . lilly not for long . not when they do a fingerprint check . roy why should they ? the cop be satisfied . lilly bobo will not be . he will spend the money to make sure . roy even so . you still get time . relax a minute , tell I what happen . sit down . he gesture at the sofa . lilly 's hold the attache case . the gut picture be lie around , one on the coffee table and one on the floor . she look around at everything , awkward and embarrassed . but Roy have not say anything . and he 's between she and the door . lilly just for a minute . she back up , sit on the sofa , put the case on she lap . Roy pull a chair over so it 's directly between lilly and the door . he sit , look at she with polite interest . roy myra follow you , huh ? lilly she must have be the one that blow I off with bobo . I guess to get I run . do you tell she about my stash ? roy ( be not worth discuss ) no . lilly no , you would not . that 's what she be after , though . but why hit on I ? roy I would not go in on a deal with she . she blame you for it . lilly ( a shaky laugh ) as though you do what I say . roy ( cold grin ) that 's pretty funny , all right . what happen in Phoenix ? remember emotion make lilly talk in little fast cluster of word . lilly Roy , it be terrible . you read about people kill people and all that , but when it happen , my God . ext . arizona motel - night myra , in nightgown , carry the ice bucket , approach room 131 . lilly she be in she nightgown , you know , the old grifter 's dodge , nightgown and the Ice bucket and she just get into the wrong room by mistake . int . room 131 - night cu , lilly asleep . very dim light . the shadow shift on she face as myra out of frame approach . myra 's hand enter frame , abruptly clamp on lilly 's throat . lilly 's eye pop open wide , stare , she mouth stretch open . myra 's arm be lock straight , press she weight down onto she hand squeezing lilly 's throat . lilly clutches at myra 's finger , try to reach myra 's face , twist and squirm , then suddenly lift she arm up and behind she head , hand dip under the pillow , come out with the silence gun , push the gun upward , straight - arm , the gun move up out of frame . SOUND of shot . blood spray lilly 's face . myra 's body drop down onto she , at a angle , so we can still see lilly 's horrify face over myra 's shoulder as lilly gasp for breath . int . live room - night lilly stare across the room , breathe hard , relive the experience . lilly I sit in there with she , I think , what do I do now ? run and I have get bobo and the law after I . stay , and how do I explain ? roy this way 's perfect . lilly sit back , show that relief again . lilly it be , be not it ? and maybe it 's a break for I after all . I have be want out of the racket for year , and now I be out . I can make a clean start , and -- roy you have already make a start . do not look that clean , though . here 's the awkwardness . lilly look guilty and embarrassed . lilly I be sorry . I hate to take you money , but -- roy do not be sorry . you be not take it . lilly react as though he 's slap she . but then she get she determination back . she splay out both hand , palm down , on the attache case on she lap . lilly I need this , Roy . I can not run without money , and if I can not run I be dead . roy you must have some money . lilly just a few buck . roy and myra 's stuff ? lilly ( scornful ) her credit card . how far be I gonna get with that ? roy Far enough . maybe up to San Francisco . or St. Louis , someplace new . start over . lilly at what ? roy you be smart , lilly , and you be good -look . you will not have any trouble find a job . lilly ( appal ) a job ? I have never have a legit job in my life ! roy well , you be gonna start , if you hope to live through this . a square job and a quiet life . you start show up at the track or the hot spot and bobo 's boy will be all over you . lilly ( exasperate ) Roy , I know what to do with myself ! it 's a big world out there . roy not any more . lilly , listen , I be give you good advice . I be follow it myself . lilly ( do not get it ) what ? roy I think it over , and you be right . you want I out of the racket , and now -- lilly ( bedevile , aggravate ) Roy , that 's fine , but I do not have time for this . bobo -- roy I think you would be happy for I . after all , you -- lilly bobo be not after you ! bobo 's after I , and he 's goddamn good ! but so be i. I be a survivor , Roy . I survive . roy I know you do , so that 's why -- lilly and to survive , my way , I need money . bobo know about the stash in the car , so I do not dare touch it , not if lilly dillon 's dead . so that leave this . roy no . lilly sit back again , brood at Roy , try to think how to get to he , how to get through he or around he . she sigh , lick she lip . lilly you want a drink ? roy I do not think so . you probably should not either . lilly no , but I be goddamn thirsty . Ice water ? roy yeah , sure , that sound nice . lilly I will get it . she stand , put the attache case on the sofa next to where she be sit . Roy , with a faint smile , watch she leave the room . int . kitchen - night very small , little use . Dark . lilly switch on the light when she enter , then lean against the counter , fist clench and tremble on the counter in front of she . she grit she tooth , hyperventilate , stare around the room in search of escape , a answer , something . cu , lilly 's face , desperate , grim , but not give up . wide shot . lilly open cabinet , find two glass , open the nearly - empty refrigerator , get ice cube from a tray , put they in the glass , put the partial tray back in the freezer compartment , fill the glass from the cold water tap , put the glass on the counter , stare at they briefly . she then shake she head , search the kitchen some more , and find a cookie sheet she can use as a tray . she put the glass on the tray , carry the tray from the room , leave the light on . int . live room - night lilly enter with the tray , cross to Roy , present the glass , speak as he reach for one . lilly take whichever one you want . he hesitates . it have not occur to he lilly might try to poison he or knock he out . he grin at she and take a glass . roy you would not do that . lilly take the other glass , put the cookie sheet on a table , look down at Roy . lilly you do not know what I would do , Roy . you have no idea . to live . roy ( easy ) oh , you will live , lilly . lilly cross back to the sofa , sit beside the attache case , pat it absently as though it be a pet and she 's glad it do not move , wait for she . she sip water , put the glass on the end table . lilly I know what 's bugging you , of course . roy oh ? I do not know anything be . lilly ( twisted grin ) oh , really ? you have get a legitimate complaint , Roy , I do not deny that . I be not a very good mother when you be a kid . roy ( full laugh ) not very good ! she nod , accept the correction . lilly a bad mother . by any standard . I have think about it , you know , from you side , since then . I know just how bad I be . roy ( close against she ) uh-huh . lilly I wonder do you ever think about it from my side . roy ( not worth discuss ) never . lilly no , I guess not . it be pretty lousy of I , I guess , to be a child at the same time you be . not to stop be a child just because I have a child . I guess I be a real stinker not to be a grow - up when you need a grow -up . Roy do not expect to be make uncomfortable and defensive , and he resent it . roy what do you want I to do ? pin a halo on you ? you be do a pretty good job of that yourself . lilly and make you feel bad at the same time , huh ? but that 's the way I be , you know , the way I have always be . always pick on poor little Roy . roy for God 's sake , lilly ! lilly ( intense ) I give you you life twice . I be ask you to give I mine once . I need the money . roy ( not worth discuss ) no . lilly subside back onto the sofa . one hand rest on the attache case . with the other , she sip water , put the glass back down . Roy watch she , unmove , expressionless . lilly frown , not quite look at he . lilly you be get off the grift ? roy that 's right . lilly that 's good . you do not really belong on this side of the fence , you know . roy ( amused ) I do not ? lilly if you stay a crook , do you think you would live to be my ripe age ? roy I do not see why not . lilly well , I guess I get it wrong , then . seem to I I hear about a guy just you age that get hit so hard in the gut it almost kill he . Roy 's again unexpectedly uncomfortable . he shift uneasily in he chair , try to think of a response . roy well , uh ... lilly sure , sure , that do not count . that 's different . roy well , it do not matter , do it ? I be get out . lilly ( intense ) and that 's why you have get to get rid of this money . if you keep it around , it will just make you think how clever you be . it will be a temptation to get back into the game . roy ( full laugh ) oh , that 's it ! you be steal my money for my own good ! how very motherly of you , lilly . once again , lilly drop back against the sofa back . another round in the fight be over . Roy watch she , patient , wait for she to give up , see no other outcome . a angle on lilly , frustrated , feel the need to move , the pressure of pursuit . her head turn back and forth , she body start false gesture . finally , abruptly , she get to she foot , look at Roy , look away , pick up the attache case . cu , Roy , alert . he will not let she reach the door . a angle panning with lilly as she prowl the room , pace back and forth , the attache case swinging at she side . finally , she stop , stand the attache case on the coffee table , she hand still on its handle . roy lilly . she look at he , attentive without hope . roy if I should get out of the racket , that go double for you . that 's why you have get to change you life completely , go to some town , get a square job , live like a john yourself . if you try to do it you way , what future be in it ? lilly a future . the only future I have get . roy that money would not last forever . and then what ? you would be back in some other part of the racket . another bobo justus to slap you around and burn hole in you hand . this way , you have get to go the square route . you could send I a card when you be settle , I could maybe help out sometimes ... lilly ( bitter laugh ) ) that 's what it be , be not it ? keep I down . you turn to be in charge , have the power . roy ( stonewall ) just try to help , lilly . she sit on the sofa again , this time leave the attache case to stand on the coffee table . she study Roy , calculate . lilly Roy ... what if I tell you I be not really you mother ? that we be not related ? roy ( bewilder ) what ? lilly lean back again , but this time she manner be different ; languorous , sexy . she cross she leg , the upper leg swinging gently . she smile gently , encouragingly , at Roy . lilly you would like that , would not you ? sure you would . you do not need to tell I . now , why would you like it , Roy ? a angle on Roy , understanding and not want to understand . roy ( hoarse ) what 's that all about ? of course you be my mother . of course you be . two shot . lilly lean forward toward Roy , invite he . lilly ( very soft ) Roy ... Roy Roy will not let anything complicated come to the surface . roy there 's nothing more to talk about . lilly ( very soft ) I have to have that money , Roy . what do I have to do to get it ? a angle on Roy , he face bruise - look , eye scared . he will not know what 's go on . he shake he head , not trust himself to speak . a angle on lilly , lean forward , tension show through the seductive manner . lilly no ? wo not you give I the money , Roy ? can not I change you mind ? what can I do to change you mind ? two shot , as lilly get to she foot and take a step toward he . Roy 's press back into he chair , try to maintain a cold facade . roy lilly , Jesus , what be you do ? lilly be there nothing I can do , Roy , nothing at -- roy no ! they both turn away at the same instant . Roy turn to the side to pick up the glass of water , to break the spell and the tension . lilly turn back toward the coffee table and pick up the attache case . Roy , lift the glass to drink , turn forward again as lilly spin forward , swinging the attache case at he head with all she might . the case crash into the glass and into he face . Roy scream and topple off the chair , as the one remain clasp on the case let go and money go fly , fill the air . a angle down at Roy , face up , expression horrify , hand to he throat . a large triangle of glass be in he throat . blood pump thickly , fountain up . cu , lilly , stare down in horror . she lurch forward , but there 's nothing to do . she stare around . ecu , wad of bill on the floor , get bloody . cu , lilly , in agony , but look down , kick . ecu , lilly 's foot kick the bill away from the blood . two shot , as lilly drop to she knee beside Roy , who 's already die . blood spurt less forcefully . his hand fall to he side , eye stare upward , mouth still move slightly . lilly , shove money away with she hand now , stare at he , willing it not to happen . he stop move . his eye dull . lilly clasp she arm around herself . she know she do not dare scream . lip draw back in a snarl , tooth clench , she hiss she agony through she tooth . she hiss ; she hiss ; she hiss . then , slowly , she regains control . wide shot as lilly get to she foot . she seem daze now , like someone who 's just be in a traffic accident . she blunder around the room , kick the attache case , bend to pick it up . she study the clasp , see it still work , go back to she knee . low angle , lilly in f.g. , Roy in b.g. , as lilly repack the money into the case , wiping the blood from some wad onto the carpet . finish , she close the case , then remain on she knee , bend over the case . she weep grindingly . wide shot , entrance door in b.g. lilly 's weep subside . she get wearily to she foot , and leave the room . camera hold . SOUND of water run in sink . SOUND stop . lilly reappear . she do not again look toward Roy . she pick up the attache case , cross to the door , open it , step across the threshold , reach back to switch off the light . go to black . the end